IMPROVEMENT

GENERAL CONFERENCE EDITION

if your present Gas water heater doesn't supply hot water in adequate quantities'study this chartj i learn the size of heater you need and replace your appliance with a new automatic Gas water

1 r\ Check for Size is need heater*. Plenty of hot water sure the Be storage tank

family's fits your needs CAPACITY GUIDE ed these days for automatic dishSTORAGE TANK

Number Number Storage Cap.

Bathrooms Bedrooms Gallons washers, laundry machines and 1 1 or 2 30 1 3 or 4 40 growing families* 2 2 or 3 40

2 4 or 5 50

50 See us or any Gas appliance dealer 3 or 4 4 or 5 75

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

hasgot it! GAS

G1 PURITY BISCUIT n v. Jft- O Ndv, "O Finer Cookies!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Ancient Maya prisoners in Middle

America were painted with black and white stripes, not unlike the striped clothing worn by inmates of more modern prisons.

hese are the finest Chocolate Drop Cookies we've ever made... the finest you

ever tasted! They're

loaded with tasteexciting A NEW antibiotic, neomycin, has been chocolate drops and fresh pecan announced which is active against nuts, lots of eggs and pure creamery streptomycinresistant bacteria, includbutter. Nothing but the finest ever goes

ing tuberculosis organisms. into TOWN HOUSE Chocolate

A new alloy, 50 percent heavier than Drop Cookies by Purity!

lead, is being used for balance weights in crankshafts and similar applications. It is made by pressing together powders of the following: tungsten, 90 percent; nickel, 6 percent and

4 percent. It was originally developed

as a shield against radioactive materials.

T"\elbert }. Ward has built electronic

fruit graders for dates and all types of dried fruit. The machine

measures the moisture in three directions for each date, averages the readings, and then sorts it into any of four content, of moisture grades adjustable Your grocer the way. date in any without affecting

The capacity is a ton of dates a day, has these delicious about 100,000 dates. TOWN HOUSE

Chocolate Drop Cookies white in the new gleaming invented has been new battery A... fresh from our ovens the air package from uses oxygen which

instead Phoenix tery. of from chemicals in the batCOMPANY Salt Lake—

NOVEMBER 1949 V louember NUMBER 11

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Church Features Jke

Our Father's Work George Albert Smith 698

Welfare Program, a Wonderful Thing George Albert Smith 699

Observe the Sabbath Day: Keep It Holy J* Reuben Clark, Jr. 700

Missions and Missionaries of the Church David O* McKay 702 "God So Loved the World"George R Richards 704

See Conference Index 691 The Church Moves On 692 The Presiding Bishopric's Page.. -740

Melchizedek Priesthood 738 Spires of the Salt Lake Temple.

Photograph by Jeano Orlando, adapted to cover use by

Nelson White.

Special Features Editors George Albert Smith You, Too, Can Make a Speech!.Louise Linton Salmon 717 ManagingJohn A. WidtsoeEditor

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 735 Richard L. Evans

Assistant Managing Editor Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family Doyle L. Green

S. Harris, Jr 689 With Prudence and ThanksgivAssociateMarba C.EditorJosephson

These Times, Personal Thanksgiving, Burl Shepherd 778 General Manager

Elbert R. Curtis

ing, G. Homer Durham..693 Winter Salads, Burl Shepherd—.779 Associate Manager

On the Bookrack 744 Your Page and Ours 792 Bertha S. Reeder

Business Manager John D. Giles

Editorial Associates * Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Advertising Director Stories, Poetry Verl F. Scott

National Advertising Representatives

The Fort on the Firing Line—XIV Albert R. Lyman 705 SadlerEdward& SangstonS. Townsend,Associates,. San FranciscoNew York

Poetry Page 696 jorie Somers Sheuer 697 Harry V. Lytle, Chicago

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

Frontispiece, Michelangelo, Mar- 'Lection Time, Leo J. Cartright 737

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of

Executive and advance;the Churchforeignof Jesussubscriptions,Christ of$3.00Latterdaya year, Saints.in advance;All 25crightssinglereserved.copy. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in

Editorial Offices: Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special

rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

50 North Main Street The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Change of Address: Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip

from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the

new one is included.

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sfacccai tfcfa Lyctober (conference sndiex

FOR HER...

Honesty 73 SPEAKERS Human characteristics 722

Benson, Ezra Taft -—713 Inspiration 724

Bowen, Albert E. 710 Japanese missionary work 715

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 700 Jesus Christ 704, 725 *./

Cowley, Matthew 715 Labor 709 Evans, Richard L. 723 Land of love 708'

Hunter, Milton R. 725 Life's struggle 710

Isaacson, Thorpe B. 733 Membership activity 723

Ivins, Antoine R. 722 Missionaries 702, 715, 721

Kimball, Spencer W. 712 Missionary work 702, 715

Kirkham, Oscar A. 724 Monopolistic Domination 709

Lee, Harold B. 711 Powers of Gospel 711, 719 Our Fitted Sewing Box holds

McConkie, Bruce R. 727 Prayer 698, 718, 733 all the essentials: scissors,

McKay, David O. 702 Preexistence 725 needles, tape measure, thread,

Merrill, Joseph F. 709 Priesthood 707 thimble, pins, bodkin. Handin leatherette red or caseMoyle, Henry D. 716 Prophecy 729 some

green. x x 7 Size IOV2"3/4 "

Petersen, Mark E. 714 Repentance 700, 712, 718 3 3/4 "...... $8.95

Richards, George F. 704 Responsibility, delegation of 723

Richards, LeGrand 729 Restoration 727

Richards, Stephen L 707 Revelation 721 FOR HIM...

Romney, Marion G. 719 Sabbath day 698, 700

Smith, Eldred G. 718 Salvation 727

Smith, George Albert 698,.699 Satan 711, 728, 729 ""WaaaajM

Smith, Joseph Fielding 706 Sincerity 715

Widtsoe, John A. 708 Smith, Joseph 702, 706, 713

Wirthlin, Joseph L 731 Spirit within 724

Young, Clifford E. 720 Sustaining Authorities 714 'ESQUIreYoung, Levi Edgar 721 Testimony 706

Truth 706, 713, 718 Welfare work 698, 716 SUBJECTS Administering 720 Esquire Footman, a complete Admonition 710 shoe kit, holds black and tan

Agriculture 708 polish, 2 strong b'Mshes, 2

Note: Three of the General Authorities daubers, 2 flannel cloths. RubApostasy from truth 713

did not speak at the general conference sesber tread surface on foot rest.

Book of Mormon, Authenticity of, 706 10"x 1.1 "x 7".... $4.95

sions: Elder Thomas E. McKay, Assistant

Brotherhood 698 to the Council of the Twelve, who was at These are just two of hunChinese missionary work 715 home on the advice of his personal physidreds of wonderful gifts

Christ (see Jesus Christ) cian; Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the for men, women and the

Christ, Nature of 704 Council of the Twelve, who is presiding home, that are illustrated

Church History 721 over the European Missions; and President in our new Gift Book. May

S. Dilworth Young of the First Council we send you a copy to helpConstitution 698

of the Seventy, who is presiding over the your holiday shopping? It's

Elders 707 New England States Mission. Addresses free—on request. Just ask

Eternal life 719 were given by Evan W. Huntsman, Scott for Book WIE3"

Faith. 720, 722, 733 Taggart, and Roscoe C. Cox, former misFalse prophets 711 sion presidents, whose talks will appear MAIL ORDERS FILLED. Free delivery within 150 miles

Freedom --709 in the conference bulletin. The general In N. Y.C., add 2% sales tax.

priesthood meeting was addressed by

Good and evil 711, 713, 728 Bishop Richards, President LeGrand David rusmmackeL OckUmm&iGospel 711, 719

President York 22, EL 5-4700 Clark, O. McKay, Jr., J. Reuben 145 East 57 St., New

Hill Cumorah 733 and Eben R. T. Blomquist and E. Bentley FAMOUS FOR QUALITY FOR OVER 100 YEARS

Holy Ghost 727 Mitchell, former mission presidents.

NOVEMBER 1949 697 THE CHURCH MOVES ON Ar *JJau o <=JJatA Lkronotou LJf Church Cuenfa

AUGUST 1949 hangartist.there, thanks to the generosity and the kindness of the

2 1 Gunnison Second Ward, Gunnison (Utah) Stake, was created from the Gunnison Ward. Woodrow [I In a chartered PanAmerican plane, twentynine

W. Beck was made bishop. L.D.S missionaries left San Francisco for New

% Zealand. The trip is believed to be the first of its kind in

9 Q Kenilworth Ward, North Carbon (Utah) Stake, the history of Church missionary endeavor. Ten of the

was created from the former branch of the same missionaries, previously called to Australia and New name, with Clive H. Worthen as bishop. Zealand, had been temporarily assigned to the Northern

Carbonville Ward, North Carbon Stake, was created California mission. Fourteen of the missionaries will fill

from the former branch of the same name, with Edwin missions in New Zealand, while the remaining fifteen will

M. Wicherly as bishop. leave Auckland for Australia. The chartered plane will

return with twentynine missionaries who have been

SEPTEMBER 1949 released.

The appointment of Jeannette H. Demars and Leonora

2 President George Albert Smith dedicated the Nelson to the general board of the Young Women's

Riverview Branch chapel, (Kansas City) Central Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

States Mission. He noted that more than two hundred

chapels of the Church had been dedicated since the end of K The appointment of David S. King as second asWorld War II. sistant general superintendent of the Young Men's

Mutual Association Improvement announced. was (He Elder retiring Ralph Hardy, assistant second Q W. sustained general the night before, was boards by the general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual after being to introduced President them Albert George by Improvement Association, and Mrs. Hardy, were honored

of Smith, Elder the the of Council Taft Ezra Benson at the home of Mr. and Mrs. prior Longden, their John to

Curtis.) Elbert General Superintendent R. and Twelve, leaving for Washington, C.. D. where will Elder Hardy position a Ralph on Hardy He succeeds who retains W. take as chief up duties of the division audio of the National

the general board. Association of Broadcasters. Invited guests the were

First Presidency the The announced of appointment superintendency the and of presidency the the Mutuals, bishop R. Mallory, of the LeRoy Grandview East Ward, general boards, and the employees of radio station KSL.

City) Stake, Mill Creek of as president (Salt Lake the

President George Albert Smith dedicated the Tahitian Mission. (He succeeds Frank J. Fullmer. This

$170,000 chapel of the St. Louis (Missouri) Branch is President Mallory's third mission to Tahiti. As a young

of the Central States Mission. Although once the location man he filled a mission there, and later returned as misof a stake when the Saints were using the city as an outsion president. During those two missions he served a

fitting place and a gateway for the gathering in early total of seven years. He and his wife will leave for the

Utah, this is believed to be the first chapel dedicated there islands about the first of the year.)

in the history of the Church. The first postwar AllChurch Softball Tournament

President David O. McKay of the First Presidency began at White Park in Salt Lake City, with sixteen teams

dedicated the Lethbridge (Canada) Stake Tabernacle. The entering the competition.

chapel is also the "home"of the two Lethbridge wards.

1 Q The First Presidency announced the appointment

K A fire in the microfilm processing plant -of the Genof A. Sherman Gowans as president of the Norealogical Society of the Church did several hundred wegian Mission, succeeding President A. Richard Peterson.

dollars worth of damage but destroyed none of the pricePresident Gowans began a mission in Norway in June, less records stored in the building. 1938, continuing until the missionaries were evacuated at

the beginning of World War II, finished his mission in the 7 The appointment of Mrs. Sharon R. Boud to the Southern States. His wife and three small children will

general board of the Young Women's Mutual Imaccompany him.

provement Association was announced. The First Presidency announced the appointment of

Ray E. Dillman, recently released president of the O Eight of the General Authorities, their wives, and

guests made a tour of inspection of the Hailstone Roosevelt (Utah) Stake, as president of the Western

Dairy Project of the Church welfare plan in Heber Valley, States Mission, succeeding President Francis A. Child.

Utah. The property consists of 133 acres and the necesPresident Dillman filled a mission in the Northwestern

sary buildings to accommodate the 102 animals. States beginning in 1919. He has served as bishop of

the Roosevelt Ward, and as a counselor in the Roosevelt 1 1 "One Hundred Percent Sunday"was observed by Stake. He served for nine years as president of the stake.

the Sunday Schools throughout the Church, as that His wife will accompany him on this mission. The couple

organization made an effort to get all enrolled members have five children, all of whom are married.

of the Sunday School out to classes.

j 7 North Hollywood Ward, San Fernando (Cali- -J 9 Mutual activities began for the winter season. A * fornia) Stake, became champion of the AllChurch

"God's First Temples,"an eightby-fourteenfoot oil Softball Tournament, with Layton Ward, Mt. Graham

painting by Dr. Martella Lane, internationally noted artist, (Arizona) Stake as runner up. Vineyard Ward, Orem

was first shown above the balcony of Wilshire Ward, (Utah) Stake received the sportsmanship trophy.

Los Angeles Stake. The painting, valued at $30,000, will (Concluded on page 694)

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PERSONAL Unbelievable! THANKSGIVING

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head of Political Science Department,

University of Utah ZCMI'S TONI

["IKE autumn leaves, a variety of objects and ideas is whirling aroundus. A duo of available "specimens"DOLL

are here exposed in the interests of promoting personal thanksgiving. Indicomplete with play wave set

viduals persist in seeing the same things in different ways. Any agreement or

disagreement with the following Little misses delight to play mother sketches of human phenomena in the autumn of 1949 may therefore be with this lifelike Toni doll! There's

summed up by everyone's gratitude for endless fun in shampooing, waving and privacy; for private lives and beings.

restyling her specially treated nylon hair.

T et's comment on the recent devaluaComplete with Toni creme, shampoo, curlers, tion of the British pound ( September 18, 1949) and nearly all other rubber bands, end papers, comb and play wave currencies. From Europeanwestern

a solution (absolutely harmless). Layaway for rate of $4.03, peggedan officially

pound will now only produce $2.80. Christmas now!

For a brief period, Mormon missionaries in these countries might be sent

TOYS... Third Floor

thirty percent fewer dollars than they were sent prior to September; for ex- (Mail Orders Promptly Filled

ample, a boy in Norway who got $50 Enclose 25c postage.)

from home in July, would get the same number of kroner for $35, or thereabouts, in October, and the kroner would buy approximately the same food and lodging. However, the

Britisher who wants to subscribe to the

Era will now have to dig up about five shillings extra. Whereas about

fourteen shillings would buy an Era subscription in August, it takes over a pound at the new rate.

The governments are trying to adjust the international economic order. The

figure like "not to exceed $2.80"becomes a powerful symbol of human

contrivance to control the universe.

Tn conclusion, let us note one key phenomenon of the American industrial economy—buying a new car.

A splendid, worthy, carefullynurtured 1941 model has sustained this writer now these several years. When the

postwar models began to appear, like all good susceptible American males, my nostrils began to quiver and my eyes (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 693 Make These(ConcludedTimes from preceding page)

Hard tomerelyglow.forA callinformation,at a dealer'swasshowroom,stern evidence that "now"was not the time to

buy for a man on a fixed income with Work fixed obligations. Three years later I

ventured into a showroom to see a new model. This time it was somewhat

different. We were permitted to learn

the price—without, of course, bumper

guards, heater, radio, seat covers, clock. Again the conclusion, this is

no place for a little fellow. But recently, the amazing has happened.

First, I have received dodgers in the mail, exhibiting handsome body types in a choice of colors. Of course, no

prices are printed on the material. But,

on rare occasions, I have found (here and there) local newspaper advertisements actually listing the delivered price (of course, without extras and plus federal and state taxes! ). Then, of

all things, within several weeks, two real,called—atfleshand-bloodthe house, mindsalesmenyou! haveOf

course, not to sell a car, quote prices, discuss tradein advantages of my sleek 1941 beauty, but, to be of "service"in case I'm ever interested. All this has

built up a tremendous resistance and resolve, namely, not to venture into JOHN DEERE the automobile market until it is posYDRAULI C sible, on the far horizon, to spot a man who really wants to sell cars in CONTROL Hydraulic control makes it these times!

easy to plow out corners neatly.

PowrTrol! Touch-o-matic I The

words themselves tell a magic story of time and muscle saved in handling your many farming jobs. A touch of

the lever and handy the hand to the The Church Moves On raising, lowering, of operations and depthadjusting working tools be- (Concluded from page 692) come automatic.

for training courses chorMusic 1 Q PowrTrol and Touch-o- Both of the control is just one Hydraulic isters in organists Salt the and the tracwhether operate matic and convenience commodern many is or standing tor moving class fee area began. was The still. Lake into fort features John engineered

Deere GeneralPurpose Tractors to five dollars for a twohour period once make farming easier for everyone. a week for twelve weeks. Choristers

Get the full story on the John Deere met under the direction of J. Spencer

GeneralPurpose Tractor that Cornwall, Tabernacle choir chorister, matches your requirements... inat 50 North Main St., while organists

of line Quikvestigate its complete sections, three each into divided set for were tools. get Then, working Tatch

in night section meeting a different on farming. your See enjoyable more

John Deere dealer or write John the Assembly Hall on Temple Square,

Deere, Moline, Illinois, for complete under the direction of Dr. Frank W.

information. Asper and Roy M. Darley, Tabernacle

organists.

The First Presidency announced the reorganization of the General SuperinJOHN tendency of the Deseret Sunday

School Union, with George R. Hill as

superintendent, succeeding Milton TRACTORS Bennion who was released because of ill health. His assistant superintendents are A. Hamer Reiser and David

Lawrence McKay. Elders Hill and

Reiser were first and second assistant superintendents to Superintendent

Bennion. 694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Books YouHavcj BeenWaiting Jor

TRIPLE COMBINATION (gilt edge, leather bound) $7.50

Book of Mormon—Doctrine and Covenants—Pearl of Great Price

L D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE $9.25

including L.D.S. Ready Reference, Dictionary and Concordance

JESUS THE CHRIST $2.75 ARTICLES OF FAITH $2.00

By James E. Talmage By James E. Talmage

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS $1.50

Library edition BOOK OF MORMON $2.00 PEARL OF GREAT PRICE 85

Library editions

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS $2.50

By President George Albert Smith

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE $3.50

By President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

You are sure to want to read this some time. Timely, much discussed book. Read it now.

SONGS SONGS SONGS SONGS SONGS SONGS

Special selection of familiar, old favorites from Sunday School Song Book 15c each. $1.25 dozen. $10.00 per 100

New Genealogical cover "OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS"

New, beautiful, durable, convenient, excellent attractive value $2.50 $4.00 with select assortment of all genealogical sheets

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

NOVEMBER 1949 695 MOUNTAIN NOVEMBER By Gilean Douglas

"NTow is the gray time of mountain *- weather:

Days made for dreaming, nights made

WILDERNESS ROAD LIBRARY CORNER Hereforis sleep.the mist and a leaf and a feather;

Here is the river, darkling and deep,

By Catherine E. Berry By Pauline Chadwell With gray cords of rain to bind them

toqether.

TLTere deep enchantment draws you where the road winds through the WHAT* * wood, here

The wagon ruts are deep, To this world set apart THANKSGIVING frozen at this time of year;Hard

the aspens where And keep ToIts offeringsfill your mindof pricelessand heart?gifts By Christie Jeffries

Their to raised naked the arms sky, is s 'hanksgiving America's response twists turns, road The and now jeweled yours words are today '* What tidal blessings as a mighty To wave;Past lonely cabins light where no truth shines or wonder What as Strong those icy, foamcapped breakers ever burns. welcome Of light beauty's with ageless For you once

From glowing, printed lines? Bearing our fathers shoreward where theyThe road climbs up to timberline,

gave lost the beneath snow, Now small your young your How eyes—how to Their this thanks set for great and God trackless lane only where menA hands nation, strong to heart dare go; Of yet, ancient sage what And the centuries through reverent a Down shall winterBut rule not always gift to guide a richer Could hour.

will This bring months this age? land—the Than you blest find—atyou the of comes rededication day Now little life to road againThe

for gratitude in noble growth power. And earth brings spring! the back When

MORE DEEP THAN THESE APRIL IN NOVEMBER By Alice Morrey Bailey THANKSGIVING CREED

By Hortense Spencer Andersen VT'our dust is mute upon a mounded hill By Helen Maring

T Tail should fall, and chill winds whistle * Where breezes move the grass. Your

* Through the leafless harps of trees. feet show our deepest thanks by givingGrass should sparkle, and quivering thistle Are turned to clay; your hands and lips WE things

Glisten with frostfull brilliancies. are still. By sharing with our friends, or strangers

And yet your voice is loud along this even,

Snow should dim the flaming ember street Making this earth become akin to heaven

Sumac flings across the hill, Where you have fashioned dome and Seeing that need takes sudden lift of wings

For it really is November temple spire. To be a part of plenty. The heart sings

Though it seems like April still. Your cadences are here in winding walls. When we are generous and wise. The

Tall shadows trail your tune across the leaven

Festal sunbeams glint and shimmer. lyre, Of kindliness can raise the human, seven

Languorous warmth steals through my With ivycovered chapels your chorales. Leagues out of want, with what the givveins. ing brings.

Roving fancies pause and glimmer, More deep than these, your wisdom and We show our thanks for all this plenitude

Hanging, pendant, golden skeins. your word With bowed heads, grateful for the gifts

Speak through your sons, whose wide and that meet

Of purple lilacs that unbidden fearless eyes The daily needs of life. We pause to

Breathe perfume to honeybees; Look on the world you built. Your voice share,

lies close is heard hidden NovemberWhile Knowingfood—the great abundance of this breeze. your daughter's laughter. In them Within an eddyingUnderneath

That giving lays the gift at Christ's dear cries feet, melody, grown sweeter and more Your

And helps us breathe the finer, purer air. strong, FIRST FROST

in their veins your symphonies of And

By Ova Pate Stewart song.

HHoday we laid the kindling in the grate FAITH first crisp inkling of the the Against fall; WOODSDISORDER By Michael Bennett find children to wait it hard now theAnd

For all, evening, with the popcorn bowl and By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys Faith—that living force which looks to

be log, light in the the shall and weWhen * colorful untidiness of autumn it for energy; boundless which, As seems, glow treeIs *I 'he leafstrewn, our upon now scientific tale mind of and ago. men long The means noble someRecount street, lined

is is free, free no Have ofsynthetic—still it forest look an amber Giving setting the purple against leaves Red all use righteously. For the power who

disturb, neat to yet lovely and my Too sun, It's knee. then, that bended fortune On carpet. russet the rakes Neighbor away the within of winds autumn song The beams,

too, clears kindliness, pavement, she In my flue, Transforming worlds of fantasy and

I the woodsdis- love knowing Not how fluffed of buttered popcorn smell dreams The order Into realities, for done me. and you—and sadnesses. All these Of leaves mingled Are

blew. to task key conquer any renew that drifted as the frostwind Faith—the

An unnamed restlessness, elusive, Goes handin-hand with prayer; and when

sweet we pray, For autumn decks the path for winter FIRST SNOWFALL As James has told us, faith will find the feet. way By Dorothy Harriman (Though flesh is weak) to give us what

But while I listen for the winter song, we ask.

My children take each day that comes f"ast night a silent seamstress came Our dreams of peace and progress, life along; *-* And did a clever thing: and love

There is no prophecy, nor sad nor gay She made the rustic garden bench Can all be real—through faith, and God

No winter in a perfect autumn day. A fluffy covering! above.

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "MOSES"by MICHELANGELO

\tirred by dreams that fire his brain, he stands

Beside a marble quarry on the hill.

He feels an urgent tingling in his hands

To work again with hammer and a drill:

Within the clumsy rock his mind can trace

A slave bound fast with cords, who waits alone;

He sees the majesty of Moses'face;

An angel's form imprisoned in rough stone.

arione Somers Jkeuer 7

NOVEMBER 1949 697 -'Photograph by Salt Lake Tribune

dju [-residentOUR FATHER'S WORK

Some of them have remarked, who have come to worship must now

OPENING ADDRESS "There is an influence here that is think seriously of the purpose of life different."So there should be. This because this world is in a pitiable conhouse is the Lord's house. It was dition. Notwithstanding the fact that

Thedesirableuse ofto themakeradiosomehasannouncemade it theydedicatedhad tostruggledhim by tothepreparepeople it.afterIt ouragesHeavenlyhas been Fathercounselingdownandthroughadvisingthe

ments that we did not need to make was presented to him after it had been his children through men that he raised when everybody who came into the fully paid for, and since that time all up for that purpose, prophets of God, building could see and hear. Not only people who have come into this house yet there has been controversy. Even

is this building now filled to capacity, have come here as the guests of our in the days of the Savior, among his but there are also thousands of peoHeavenly Father. own associates, there was controversy.

ple listening in on the outside. Many I say all people. Sometimes I have People have been suspicious of one

are witnessing what you are this had individuals interrogate me in reanother. They have not believed what

morning by television. gard to whether those who are not they have heard, and they have not

We live in a wonderful age. I wonmembers of the Church would be perbeen willing to do as Philip, one of the

der if we appreciate what it is to live mitted to come here. I have been disciples of the Savior, recommended

today with all the advantages gained pleased to answer them, "All of our to Nathaniel who was visiting with in the nearly six thousand years since our first parents came into the world.

Here we are in the tops of these ever- '"J'he worth of souls is great hills, in this buildinglasting today that in the sight of God..."were the people erected whenwas

very poor and in distress. The building itself yet unsurpassed in all the Father's children are welcome in his him. Philip said, "The Lord has

world as a house of worship where house."come."

one's voice may be heard by so many Today, we are met not just as a And he described him and Nathaniel people. matter of curiosity. We have not met asked, "Where did he come from?"

During the last few weeks we have just because it is customary. I hope And Philip answered, "Why, he

had many visitors here, some of them we have come here with the spirit of came from Nazareth."And then the

of national prominence, some of interworship, with a desire that whatever good man said, "Can any good thing national prominence. They have come is said here may be inspired by our come out of Nazareth?"Philip said,

into this structure that our forbears Heavenly Father. "Come and see."(See John 1:4346.)

prepared; they have looked around; Our sisters have sung beautifully for Nathaniel had been taught to believe

and they have said, "This is unlike us this morning. The great organ that no good could come from

anything I have seen."has been their accompaniment. We Nazareth, and yet he was the man whom

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Savior later referred to as an

Israelite without good guile—a man, WELFARE PROGRAM, A WONDERFUL THING stories of the deceived because but

that he had heard.

But when he once learned, when he 1AM DELIGHTED with CLOSING way. This nation does

had accepted the invitation of the what has been said not belong to the peodisciples to "Come and see,"he came entire during this see. to conference. Lord ADDRESS areple whopermittedlive here.to Webe The

We have had great joy under the has blessed those who citizens of it just as we influence of his Spirit. We would have addressed us. He Address delivered at the are permitted to be

like everybody to enjoy that blessing, has blessed those who Sunday afternoon session members of the Church and so when they have asked, "What have furnished us with of the 120th semiannual of Jesus Christ of Latkind of people are these here?"our such delightful music. general conference terday Saints. It is

answer has been, "Come and see."We are almost ready October 2, 1949, not our Church, and

This morning we are here as children to adjourn, and from in the Tabernacle this is not our nation. of our Heavenly Father—members of this building and the The Lord raised up

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteradjoining building there men to frame a Constiday Saints and others, all welcome to will go men and women to many parts tution for this nation because it was his house, all guests of the Lord. And of the world. his nation. It was his desire that the

we ought to have a good time. You will find no other place in the people here would be blessed, and

Just think of our privileges and our world that is more peaceful or more there have been no people in all the blessings. Think down through the comfortable or more delightful than world who have been more blessed

ages of the multitudes of wars and here where we have been during the than those who live in the United destructions that have wiped people last few days, waiting upon the Lord States of America.

out in many parts of the world and with the assurance that when even two We have every comfort that you can entirely obliterated nations, and yet or three should meet together in his think of, every blessing that is enjoyed for some reason or another there are by people in any other nation, and then many good people who, like Nathaniel, we have the privilege of worshiping cannot believe the truth. Almighty God according to the dictates

Someone has said of the people of of our conscience because the Lord the world that they would rather behimself made that provision in the lieve a lie and be damned than accept Constitution of the United States and the truth. That is rather a severe statein the framing of the laws that govern

ment, but I think perhaps it will bear this nation.

acceptance as fact. There is nothing I wonder if we appreciate that.

in the world more deleterious or harmDo we realize that we can lose it all just as we can lose it with any epidemic? If an epidemic of some kind,

that we did not have a remedy for,

Ljeorae flbert Jmitk was to break out among the people and increase and increase, it would be possible for this entire nation to be wiped out.

Yet we are trifling with our HeavenAddress delivered at the Friday mornly Father and his advice and his ing session of the 120th semicounsel. He gave to us his commandannual general conference ments through Moses, anciently, and

September 30, 1949, in he gave us advice and counsel in our the Tabernacle day through the Prophet Joseph Smith that is intended to keep us in a frame of mind that we would honor God and ful to the human family than hatred, name, he would be there to bless them. keep his commandments, that we would

prejudice, suspicion, and the attitude Surely, we have been blessed. love one another.

that some people have toward their The world is sick. It is not the It does seem strange how careless we

fellows, of unkindness. first time it has been sick. It has had are when we realize we may be deThe spirit of the adversary is the a good many different experiences of stroyed. Think of the atom bomb. If it

spirit of destruction. There are two that kind. Sometimes nations have is all that they say it is, it would be

influences in the world. The one is had to be wiped out because of the possible to wipe out one of our great

the influence of our Heavenly Father wickedness of the people who live in cities with its millions of people in and the other is the influence of Satan. them. The Lord, all down through just a few moments of time.

We can take our choice which territhe ages, has spoken to his leaders Do we want that kind of thing?

tory we want to live in, that of our and teachers who are inspired, but Are we going to continue contending

Heavenly Father or that of Satan. when the world refuses to heed after for something of physical power and

I have many times repeated what it has been properly taught, it places physical strength or are we going to my grandfather said. He, too, talked itself in a position of saying to our the Lord and honor him and keep his

from this stand, and it was he who Heavenly Father who owns this world commandments?

not do landlord—"We his his advising In name.—he gave me I will in the read something you need you. as will do just is is our We line said, family of he a "There I here, we scripture that have something

please."defined. well demarcation, one is On will It give think. us so to cause

side of the line is the Lord's territory. Unfortunately, people who think easy to criticize someone else, so easy

that not realize are do way how they line side other of the is the fault, find On the to speak sometimes and we 'their shortening in experiences own territory. devil's "If said, he And friends. harshly of neighbors our and

life, setting the for stage and the will the stay side the of on Lord's you is this Father our Heavenly what Now follow. that sorrows may line, safe, are perfectly because you in the us of gave days Matthew. He

the adversary of all righteousness can Think of the condition of our own said:

not cross that line."nation, with all the blessings that

What does that mean? It means to we enjoy; and yet men, women, and Judge not, that ye be not judged.

me that those who are living righteous children are being distressed and anFor with what judgment ye judge, ye lives, keeping all of the commandments noyed because of the determination on shall be judged: and with what measure

{Continued on page 789) the part of a few to have their own {Continued on page 786)

NOVEMBER 1949 699—Photograph Courtesy John D. Giles

An air view of the Bureau of Information and Hill Cumorah, Ontario County, New York.

Observe AY: keep it the4||ABBATM

Address delivered at the Saturday 1UI afternoon session of the 120th general semiannual conheaven the in six Lord made days For in us positions responsible stand who ference October 1, 1949, is, all that sea, in them earth, the and and obliin of leadership the the Church, in the Tabernacle the wherefore rested seventh the day: and gation that things of to involve speak

halthe day, and sabbath blessed Lord the of repentance, I thought need and it. 20:8-11.) (Ex. lowed in I shall today, that the few moments

talk stand before that you I would revelato the modern coming BeforeThemaketimea fewhas remarkscome whento thisI shallconthe Sabbath. ancient that like tion, to say I should I about I trust that ference, while and

of to going read a good part I am its of most that Israel one found will bless thestand before Lord you

I revelations of the the say what from observe to difficult was commandments blessing, his forme, and I hope I need that so that Lord, understand you will day. the Sabbath of remembering that that are herethat and you you who

the are not I speak words my words; they captivity, led into they were After in listening are are and you whowho the of the Lord. they are words not knew a people who were among will services yourseeing our add

prayers to mine. At Sinai you will recall the Lord the Sabbath which they knew, and very

In the early days of the Church, insaid: soon they began to partake, as we are

deed before the Church was organized, partaking (and let me say it is amazto the day, sabbath keep Remember of clock the follow round ing we how occasion thanthe one on Lord more it holy. or wanderings, in our peoples earlier those workingtold the Prophet and

all labour, shalt thou Six do and days early the from of wanderings beginning reto cry that they werewith him thy work: of us) to taught as they were tenets last people. the he topentance At is the of the sabbath seventh But day they those sins of among whom the that they them whencommanded shalt in it not do thy the thou Lord God:

is us, it with as It to be, lived. came not preach should theypreached son, thy nor thou, thy nor work, of any

of one matter the alone was that nottenets, repentance nothing but but cry maidthy nor manservant, thy daughter, unto this generation. servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger laboring on the Sabbath, but it was

I assume that that imposes upon that is within thy gates: also one of recreation on the Sabbath.

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So rather trivial regulations (as they Verily I say, that inasmuch as ye do him be had in remembrance before the seem to us) were made by captive Isthis, the fulness of the earth is yours, the judge of my people.

rael in order to prevent ancient Israel beasts of the field and the fowls of the These sayings are true and faithful;

from breaking the Sabbath. air, and that which climbeth upon the wherefore, transgress them not, neither

trees earth; the walketh therefrom. take and upon this question of recreation, on Now

the Yea, the herb, things Behold, good and and Alpha Omega, and and I I am I if I return to which again may have of earth, the for quickly. which whether come food 68:2935.) (D. come C. Amen. & I time, like that to should there say for raiment, for or houses, or for barns, or

is for not excuse of us most much now for or for orchards, gardens, or for or In revelation to the given a Prophet to resort the for to recreation. Sabbath... vineyards. I 27, 1832, reading on December am labor a forty Those have hour who it that pleaseth hath he given And God said: Section 88, the from Lord

that week, which they all means have these things for this unto unto man;

Saturdays off. They have an eightend were they made to be used, with And as all have not faith, seek ye dilihour day, which gives them quite a judgment, not to excess, neither by extorgently and teach one another words of

lot of time either in the morning or in tion. wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books

the evening, and there is no need whatAnd in nothing doth man offend God, words of wisdom; seek learning, even by

soever to resort to the Sabbath day or against none is his wrath kindled, save study and also by faith.

for recreation. There is an abundance those who confess not his hand in all Organize yourselves; prepare every

of recreation time during the week.

On August 7, 1831, the Lord gave to the Prophet, then in Jackson County, fipND that thou mayest more fully keep Missouri, a revelation which included directions about observing the Sabbath. thyself unspotted from the tvorld,

I am reading from Section 59. thou shalt go to the house of prayer and

fully that thou mayest more "And thyself keep unspotted the offer up thy sacraments upon -my holy day."from

world,"said is what the Lord thatyonder,—"that back thou mayestway

more fully keep thyself unspotted from things, and obey not his commandments. needful thing; and establish a house, even

is of prayer, house a the of as true as a house today fasting, a world,"—that

faith, of house learning, of it a house But learn that he who doeth the works a it, for Lord spoke was when the our breaches of the Sabbath "spot"of righteousness shall receive his reward, house of glory, a house of order, a house

in to the in come. incomings That world your the be may shalt the to—"thouus with the transgressions of the world even peace in this world, and eternal life of God; house of go

that the of Lord; outgoings name your may I, the Lord, spoken have offer thy prayer sacraments up and

in all of the the be that Lord; name your Spirit record. beareth Amen. it, (D.and& theC. I call attenday."holy your upon my salutations in the be of the may name 2021, 1517, 2324.) 59:9-13, this fact in that tion to the meeting uplifted Lord, with the hands unto Most

is the only asthe of prayer house authorizes which the Lordsembly on Tn November 1831, at Hiram, Ohio, High.Therefore, cease from all your light

the Sabbath day. We are to go to in the great revelation dealing with speeches, from all laughter, from all your

the house of prayer and "offer up thy many other things, the Lord referred lustful desires, from all your pride and sacraments upon my holy day."to the Sabbath again. I am reading lightmindedness, and from all your wicked

from Section 68: doings. (D. & C. 88:118121.)

For verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest from your labors, and to pay And the inhabitants of Zion shall also On another occasion the Lord said thy devotions unto the Most High; observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy. to the Prophet, and I am reading from

Section 90, given at Kirtland, Ohio,

March 8, 1833:

And set in order the churches, and study and learn, and become acquainted with all good books, and with languages, tongues,

V OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY and people. (D. & C. 90:15.)

And at Winter Quarters, President

Brigham Young declared "The Word

Nevertheless thy vows shall be offered And the inhabitants of Zion also shall and Will of the Lord":

labors, as their all they all inasmuch at in remember righteousness days and onup is that Let ignorant learn him wisdom all in faithfulness; labor, to are appointedtimes; himself calling humbling by the and upon

in idler this, shall for the remembrance the had be that Lord's But on remember his his that Lord God, eyes be opened may the before Lord. offer thine oblations shalt thou andday, that see, he his ears that and opened may

I, well not pleased the Lord, the High, conunto sacraments am Now, Mostthy hear; he may

For my Spirit is sent forth into the world to enlighten the humble and contrite, the to and condemnation of the ungodly.

136:3233.) C. ff... Verily this is a day appointed unto you (D. &

to rest from your labors, and to pay thy I have read these commandments redevotions unto the Most High."garding what should be done and

what might be done on the Sabbath, and I have noted that the Lord told them to build a house of prayer into there for of Zion, are the inhabitants brethren, with sinsfessing thy unto thy and they which should to learn the go their idlers children are them; and Lord. the amongbefore I things which to have read you.

they also also shalt this wickedness; growing up in none thou do day on And Israelites, the ancient as I Now, have eternity, let riches the of earnestly thing, not seek be prepared thy food onlyother

told already you, great a had many full greediness. of their are fasting that heart thy but of eyes singlenesswith

may be perfect, or, in other words, that These things ought not to be, and must rules and regulations regarding what thy joy may be full.... be done away from among them; wherefore, they might do on the Sabbath day.

And inasmuch as ye do these things with let my servant Oliver Cowdery carry these They found it necessary to draw disthanksgiving, with cheerful hearts and sayings unto the land of Zion. tinctions between what they might do

countenances, not with much laughter, for And a commandment I give unto them in their homes and what they might this is sin, but with a glad heart and a that he that observeth not his prayers bedo when they were abroad.

cheerful countenance fore the Lord in the season thereof, let (Continued on page 785)

NOVEMBER 1949 701 MISSIONS AND

Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conferMISSIONARIES ence October 2, 1949, in the Tabernacle every month or $3,300,000 each year.

Their expense will average about is always more or less an ordeal fiftyfive dollars a month including the fields cost to their from of home an audience, for me to face and IT is labor. latest just report a The particularly this in a congregation

historic Tabernacle. I've been in hopes little under fiftyfive dollars.

I have just quoted, "go ye for years that I would outgrow that The text feeling, but I still think, study, and unto all the world"is really the pray in anticipation; I tremble as I missionary injunction given by the

risen his to effect Apostles. Christ In stand the inbefore with of sense you missionary The service works most says: he give timely to as a adequacy message

in harmoniously the this of consummation until unfinished Consider work it it's given; after should over, be and this eternal plan! all shall nations accepted the have in for selfreproachment having worry Its importance its significance, and shall enlisted gospel and themhave I failed justice to the to cause. do magnitude I be glimpsed may disciples. selves as when my all brethren suppose sensed have you tell that you the total of misnumber that given not was command Now, I feelings; for these so ask same your sionaries assigned the First Presiby indiscriminately; for to even to men I this morning. help sympathy, your

last dency has Tuesday reached 5001. to that the addressed he Twelve whom for particularly the pray of guidance

in Next official Tuesday the later meeting formal a he asgave commission Spirit. Holy undoubtedly there will fifty be or blessing saying: signment and his the to Savior Said Apostles: sixty more your bishops whom and

stake sent so presidencies hath as me, Father even... have my recommended. all therefore, nations, teach ye and Go

I you. send these, Besides there are approxiin of the Father, the baptizing them name

this, said breathed he he I had when And mately, couldn't find out exactly, the of of the Ghost: Son, Holy and and

saith them, Receive them, unto ye and or 1200 1500 all more missionaries ason things to observe Teaching them whatsoever I have commanded you: and signed by mission presidents, a number the Holy Ghost. (John 20:21, 22.)

lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. (Matthew 28:1920.) With the same direct commission

from the risen Lord who with the

Nearly every member of the Church Father appeared in person in the beginunderstands that there are two great ning of the nineteenth century, the ecclesiastical divisions in the Church of proclamation of the gospel is being

Jesus Christ: one made up of the made by the Church of Jesus Christ

organized stakes and wards; the other, of Latterday Saints, to "every naof the missionary work. tion, kindred, tongue and people"as

It is of this second division I wish fast as means and personnel can carry to speak this morning. it forward.

I think many of us fail to realize the Though the church is young in years value and potent possibilities of this and comparatively small in numbers, great1—Asbranchan exampleof Churchof voluntaryactivity. servtheremissionareon today,TempleincludingSquare, thefortysixgreat

ice in the cause of the Master, it is organized missions in Europe, the unexcelled.2—As an incentive to clean living America,United States,the PacificCanada,Isles,Mexico,Japan,Southand

among youth, as a contributing factor China.

to character building, its influence is In these missions there are 1470 immeasurable.3—Its educative force and uplifting branches;Sunday Schools,if we includethere independentare 1780.

influence upon our communities is That's exclusive of wards and branches clearly4—Inmanifest.contributing to the better unin Theorganizedfortysixstakes.men who preside over

derstanding among nations, and to the these missions are chosen generally

MISSION HEADQUARTERSestablishing of international friendBRITISH ON rank Church. from the and file of the NIGHTINGALE LANE, LONDON factor.ship, it is no insignificant contractors, businessmen, are They 5—It is the purpose of the Almighty ranchers, college professors, lawyers,

to save the individual, not to make of whom are devoting all of their physicians and surgeons, dentists, and him a mere cog in the machinery of the time to the preaching of the gospel in members of other professions. When

state. Said he, the missions, and others working part the call comes to any such, no matter

time, making a total of approximately what his responsibilities or circumRemember the worth of souls is great in 6500 missionaries in the world today. stances, seldom if ever does he offer

sightthe of God; is This number exclusive of the but, excuse, as old, of an Samuel

it if all that labor should so be you And missionaries 2900 laboring in the stakes replies: "Speak, servant thy heareth,"

this in repentance crying untoyour days of Zion. That makes approximately though even such acceptance means bring, soulpeople, unto save it be one and ten thousand. financial sacrifice the a sometimes and shall great joy with be yourme, how

In it terms, monetary applying only loss political preferment. of in the of Father!him kingdom my

And now, if your joy will be great with to the five thousand plus appointed The missionaries, generally, are one soul that you have brought unto me officially by the First Presidency, this young men and women, ranging in into the kingdom of my Father, how great means that missionaries and their parage from twenty to thirty years, with will be your joy if you should bring many ents in stakes and wards are spending a sprinkling among them of more expesouls unto me! (D. & C. 18:10, 1516.) at the present time, in cash, $275,000 rienced men and women.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &V

[resident <JJauid Ls. ff/cy\a tOF THE CHURCH

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

It is well to say here that the love, seeking nothing from any nation other young man to go out as a misdirect responsibility of preaching the to which they are sent: no personal acsionary."

gospel rests upon the priesthood of the claim, no monetary acquisition. Two These young men are instructed that

Church—not upon the women, though or three years ago, many of these misthey go out as representatives of the

the efficiency of the latter in cottage sionaries were just out of the army. Church, and that a representative of

meetings, in Primaries, and Sunday Not a few had saved their government any organization—economic or reliSchools, and in other phases of misallowance to pay their expenses in gious—must possess at least one outsionary work is of the highest order, the mission field if and when they standing quality, and that is: trustand their willingness, even eagerness, should be called. worthiness. He was right who said,

to labor is not excelled by that of the In this fact we get a glimpse of the "To be trusted is a greater compliment young men. helpful influence of the missionary than to be loved."And whom do these

Who are these youths chosen to system upon the youth. Every deamissionaries represent? First, they reprepresent the Church? They, too, as con, teacher, and priest, every elder in resent their parents, carrying the retheir mission presidents, come from the the Church understands that to be sponsibility of keeping their good name

rank and file. They are farmers, worthy to be a representative of the unsullied. Second, they represent the

artisans, factory workers, bank clerks, Church of Christ, he must be temperate Church, specifically the ward in which secretaries in business firms, and other in his habits and morally clean. He is they live. And third, they represent

vocations. Some who are married leave taught that there is no double standard the Lord Jesus Christ, whose servants

their wives and their children who of chastity, that every young man, as they are.

help to support them in their work. well as every young woman, is to keep These ambassadors, for such they

All of them look forward to the time himself free from sexual impurity. are, represent these three groups and

after their return when they, with I once read one of the most imprescarry in that representation one of the congenial loving companions, may sive letters of a mother to a son that greatest responsibilities of their lives.

build happy homes. I think has ever been written. It Now, what is the outstanding mesAs already stated, each pays his or contained only three words, except the sage that they have to give to Chrisher own expenses, in most cases, of signature. Those words were: J'Quinn, tian, as well as unChristian countries?

course, with the assistance of parents. keep clean,"and was signed, "LovingThere must surely be something disTrue Christianity is love in action. ly, Mother."tinctive to justify their presence in all

There is no better way to manifest love Young men in the army, therefore, parts of the world.

for God than to show an unselfish love who looked forward to serving as First, and we've heard it repeated for your fellow men. This is the missionaries and saved their money for several times in this conference, their

spirit of missionary work. Our hearts that purpose, cherished higher ideals message is that Jesus Christ is the Son

respond to the cry of the poet: than their "buddies"who prodigally of God, the redeemer and Savior of

sometimes spent their earnings in samankind. To these missionaries

O brother man! fold to thy heart thy loons, gambling dens, and brothels. "Jesus is not a legendary figure in

brother. question history,"to paraphrase a instance, young one than In more

is dwells, the pity peace of God "Where Christian Hall to the asked Caine to earnings their by sent soldiers home there; in world, the deposited to be parents their is other, to love rightly each worship To their missionary bear to savings bank kindly deed a smile each hymn, a Each

is of painted to be merely not a saint... he war. know the we after And costs prayer.

a glass the in of stained windows, church added such, each of whom or three Whittier two "Worship"—John Greenleaf sort fairy of sacred not approached to be use home, "If not come effect: I do in

These men go out in the spirit of the money to pay the expenses of some (Continued on page 784)

..J: sgl RIGHT: L.D.S. CHAPEL, BASEL, SWITZERLAND.

BELOW: THE OAHU STAKE TABERNACLE, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.::?=?- y.;y:>;.##.:,::S:,: -

jLtfi - --;,;;..

;B1

"GOD so loved the world..."4P*u

Ljeoirae jr. /Klcharad

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

God Almighty, but by my name Jehovah was I not known to them. (Exodus 6:2-

3.) Lift up your head and be of good cheer;

for behold, the time is at hand and on this night shall the sign be given, and on the morrow come I into the world. (Ill

Nephi 1:13.)

Physical Appearance of Christ The following is taken from "Conscript Fathers."I quote:

In these our days appeared a man named Jesus Christ, who is yet living among us, and of the Gentiles is accepted as a Prophet of great truth; but his own

disciples call him the Son of God. He hath

Address delivered at the Sunday his life's work, that knowing him betraised the dead and cured all manner of afternoon session of the 120th ter, we might love him more, and diseases. He is a man of stature somewhat

semiannual general conferloving him more, serve him better, and tall and comely, with a ruddy countenance, ence October 2, 1949, thereby obtain eternal life, God's such as the beholder may both love and in the Tabernacle greatest gift to man. fear. His hair is the color of a filbert

Quoting from Isaiah, 53rd Chapter: when fully ripe, plain to his ear, whence

is it color, orient of more downward dear brethren, sisters, and is his shoulders; in despised curling rejected waving and and on He of men; a friends, here present and on

is of sorrows, of his long of the seam a grief: head acquainted the man middle and withMY air, in I greet affectionate you it Nazarites. after the of hair, the and hid as manner were our faces we from

fellowship as sons and daughters of him; he was despised, and we esteemed His forehead is plain and delicate, the

God, which we are, and pray God's him not. face without spot or wrinkle, beautiful

blessings upon you, that the light of Surely he hath borne our griefs, and with a comely red; his nose and mouth are

Christ may direct you in the straight carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem exactly formed; his beard is the color of

and narrow way that leads to life him stricken, smitten of God, and afhis hair and thick, not of any length, but everlasting. flicted. forked. In reproving

When the hymn was announced in But he was wounded he is terrible; in admonfor transgresin our ishing, courteous; the afternoon meeting yesterday, hath love no (Greater "God

sions, he bruised speaking, was very modest the So Loved the World,"thought this, that than for iniquities: man in wise; proportion and our to is occurred that me, title the of the chastisement wellshaped. of body, his life lay of a I that down man desire which to say when our peace seen was him has upon None called to speak. upon his friends. {John for him; his with laugh, and stripes seen have many the Completing quotation: are healed. for we him weep. man, 15:13.) A

For God so loved the world, that he gave All we like sheep his surpassing beauty, his only begotten Son, that whosoever behave gone astray; we excelling the children

lieveth in him should not perish, but have turned every one to his own way; of men. {Heart Throbs, Vol. 1, page

have everlasting life. (John 3:16.) and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity 425.)

of us all. (Isaiah 53:3-6.)

This represents the love of the The following pen picture of the

Father for us, his children. Under the direction of the Father, Savior was written by J. A. Francis

Then I thought of another scripture: he created the heavens and the earth of Los Angeles and is just as true as

and all things existing thereon, as if it had been spoken by one of the... I lay down my life for the sheep. attested by scriptures. prophets

it taketh I from me, man but No lay is in an "Here born was a man who All things were. it him; made by withmyself. and 10:15, down 18.) (John village, child of the peasant obscure a out him not thing was any that Greater made love hath.. this, no than that man in another obgrew up woman. He was made. 1:3.) (John lay life hisa his for man down friends. village. in scure carpen- a worked He worlds And I without number 15:13.) have (John

created;... and by the Son I created ter shop until he was thirty, and then

Taking these two quotations tothem, which is mine Only Beqotten. for three years he was an itinerant

gether, we see the gift of the Father (Moses 1:33.) preacher. He never wrote a book. He

and of the Son to the world, of all Behold, I am Jesus Christ, the Son of never held an office. He never went

living the God, who inhis put foot created the heavens to college. He neverthat the atonement of meant mental

the earth. and (D. & C. city. big side a He suffering physicaland in life, in and 14:9.) never traveled twohis death it the cross, upon of which Prophet Joseph miles hundred from The in said truth,can be that as to a gift Christ Jesus minthe place where he it his gave the lifemankind greatest was ever the for istered as the of God born. never was He sacrifice,given; a the greatest ever cause this like and, the the world from of the things did one service, amade; the greatest ever until beginning he Savior, sealed his testithat usually accomrendered; a demonstration of love such in to earth came the panies greatness. He isas tvith his possessed only the mony Gods. blood. by meridian time. of credentials had no

Work of Christ Traced but himself. He had

And God spake unto Moses, and said nothing to do with, in this world,

I would like, if possible, for us to unto him, I am the Lord; except the naked power of his divine

become better acquainted with our And I appeared unto Abraham, unto manhood.

Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of (Continued on page 781)

BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF BLUFF CITY, UTAH.

LORT

on the

in town, and by three in the afternoon all but one of the six had FIRING LINE gone to Rincone, figuring that was the place of greatest danger. SomeXIV 8, how they clung to the belief that

Six tall Navajos came up the the town was immune to attack.

Thehill, their guns in their hands, Immune or not, Bluff that afterArtbert IK. cLi man, noon became terrible with forebodand straight towards the shed

where the women bent over their ings. Only one man to protect it,

prostrate protector. If the Navajos SYNOPSIS and the Navajos probably working

as into they themselves a fury thatdiscovered Barton was President Brigham 1851, the year still IN at of the the time murder the threatenedalive, the best to extend colonies sent for was hoped to be Young that they would shoot him to death, Mormon territory to'the south. Those who of the three brothers in Grass Valeven if they spared the rest of the wentUtes, hadthe Navajos,to fight fourthe renegadeadversaries:whites,the ley! Time dragged painfully, the

family. and nature, which seemed at times the long shadows reached out as indiWhispering frantically in her greatest adversary of all. No treaty with cators of fate. Towards evening

husband's ear, Mrs. Barton urged thetiers Unitedfrom theStatesdepredationscould guaranteeof the Navajos.the set* Bob Allan came from Rincone

him to close his eyes and appear to Even Kit Carson who displaced the Indians bringing from the bishop a suggesbe dead. He seemed lost to all that had found it impossible to quell them. Jacob tion that all the families of the

genuinely Haskell Thales and together at one gather home town him, goingwas on around Indians, after time time yet he Hamblinloved the and won to again night. for the Bob left perfectlyclosed it his eyes and lay to reluctant peace, a only them to have

still while the six fierce men lined broken again because of the actions of the warn his father and others camped up over him, looking for any sign renegadesisted in theirwhites.settlement,But the inMormonsthe faceperof in Little Valley east of Elk Mounof life. The women watched in Indian attack and nature. tain, and night came on with but a

solitary male sentinel in Bluff.killing suspense—what if they

should feel for his pulse! No, their The women and children carried

pronounced superstition forbade the bully had dropped him. The their bedding to the home of "Aunt"

them to touch the dead, and after six men in eager haste carried the Kisten Nielson, spreading them leaning carefully over him and seegoods from the store in backloads down all over the floors of the two ing no signs of life, they turned to the boat, rowed them across in rooms, and then around the house their ravening eyes on Mrs. Barton. load after load, and stopped only on the outside. Some of these

She was young and fair, and she when one of their vigilant sentinels women expected to be massacred tried with terrified eyes to read warned them in a loud call that before morning, and one of them their intentions. horsemen were approaching from dressed her children in their Sun-

"What do you want?"she asked Bluff. day clothes, figuring, by some

in their language, hiding her emoCheepoots had honored his trust strange philosophy of desperation, tions as best she could. with all diligence. Platte Lyman and that this would be the most fitting

"The store,"one of them deKumen Jones came loping over the way to meet their doom.

manded, with a gesture meaning sandhills where the old man had More gloom came with the darkthe key. disappeared, reaching the store beness. That one remaining man,

She gave them the key and left fore it was thought possible they Peter Allan, stood guard with a them to take what they pleased. could have received the word. gun over the thirty women and

The robbery Old Eye had planned When Cheepoots rode his latherchildren who sensed now, more went forward wholesale while he ing cayuse into Bluff with Mrs. than ever before since they had

lay sprawling on the sand where Barton's note, he found but six men (Continued on page 742)

NOVEMBER 1949 705

God that would be of benefit and a blessing to all men if they would receive it.

Now in what I have to say I wish to direct my remarks to those who are not members of the Church, if there listening. are them I want any such TESTIMONY

sincerely that I believe this to know and absolutely. That is my faith. I

think I can say safely it is my knowledge, by the gift of God, that Joseph

Smith in the year 1820 did see the

Father and the Son; that the Father

introduced his Son; that the Son spoke

to him, asked him what he wanted TRUTH to know, and gave him counsel; told

him what to do, with the promise that

Address delivered at the Saturday eventually other light would come and afternoon session of the 120th the fulness of the gospel, which was semiannual general confernot then upon the face of the earth, ence October 1, 1949, would be restored.

in the Tabernacle A closeup of the Angel 'Moroni on Cumorah This is either true or false. To me

Monument. it cannot be false. To you who sit

here looking at me it cannot be false.

&V askedwords for too much, he added these shines.It is just Youas trueknowas it,it andis thatI knowthe sunit.

And every soul upon the face of the it has will /Joseph jrieldma )mlth theI oughtfirm decreenot to harrowof a justup inGod,my desires,for I theearthprivilege,who has fora desireevery tosoulknowthat

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE know that he granteth unto men accordhumble himself, and in the depths of ing to their desire, whether it be unto humility and faith, with a contrite death or unto life; yea, I know that he spirit, go before the Lord, will receive

their allotteth to according unto men just as as surely he that knowledge centuries the ago, [any birth before salvation or they unto be whether that lives, also that he so know may of Lord, our a prophet was wills, who destruction. unto is true. this story filled the Spirit of the with evil Lord that and Yea, good and I knowM'that just firmly convinced as I am all that desire that the truths gospel before he a knoweth men;and come have

should be carried to all men, in his not good from evil is blameless; but he this Book of Mormon from which I

righteous zeal gave utterance to the that knoweth good and evil, to him it is have read is the word of God and was following words: given according to his desires, whether he revealed, as Joseph Smith declared it

or death, or evil, life desireth good that I stand revealed, as I am joy was that I could angel, have were an and 4-5.) (Ibid., of conscience. remorse faces. looking into your Every here I heart, that of mightthe wish go or mine

forth and speak with the trump of God, soul on the face of the earth who has with a voice to shake the earth, and President Smith in his opening reintelligence enough to understand may cry repentance unto every people! marks spoke of free agency, the great know that truth. How can he know

Yea, I would declare unto every soul, gift the Lord has bestowed upon every it? All he has to do is to follow the

as with a voice of thunder, repentance and soul to act for himself, to make his own formula that was given by the Lord the plan of redemption, that they should choice, to be an agent with a power (Continued on page 782) repent and come unto our God, that there to believe and accept the truth and might not be more sorrow upon all the receive eternal life or to reject the face of the earth. (Alma 29:1-2.) truth and receive remorse

science. This is one of the

Then on his reflection he reached greatest gifts of God.

the conclusion that he was asking for What would we be without too much, that perhaps he was sinning it, if we were compelled in his wish to be like an angel, with as some people would like a voice of thunder, to reach the to have their fellows comends of the earth; but if Alma were pelled to do their will?

here today, I know he would be very There could be no salvagrateful for the facilities and the option; there could be no reportunities that we have to reach the wards of righteousness; no

peoples, not only who are assembled one could be punished for but also scattered abroad. unfaithfulness because men

1 feel much like Alma this afternoon. would not be accountable

I do not desire to speak like an angel before their Maker.

nor do I desire to shake the earth, but Having made these rehis desire was righteous in having marks, I want to say to all the wish to reach people. I have that those who are listening at

same wish, and I am grateful for the this particular time that I opportunities that present themselves, have a testimony that not only to reach the members of the Joseph Smith was a ProphChurch here assembled and who may et of God, and is, for his be listening in, but I hope also that work has not ceased, for there are multitudes of those who are a righteous man's work not members of the Church who are does not cease: Joseph

listening to the counsels and the inSmith was a righteous man structions which are being given in when he died; I know that

this conference, not only for the benehe was called, appointed by fit of the Latterday Saints, but also our Father in heaven; that

for the peoples of all the earth. he received revelation and

After making the statement that he guidance from the Son of Plaque on Cumorah Moniment 706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Message to the

Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the 120th general semiannual conELDERS of the CHURCH ference October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle And now, I address myself to memhome begun, with a resolution in bers of the elders quorums who have your young heart to attain through been members for five, ten, twenty, your faithfulness those transcendent /Kic/iardd ep Jtepken o( or this years. Brethren of group, more blessings pronounced upon you—did i5uy think did ever five, as in you when, a young that to it ever then occur you THE THE COUNCIL OF OF ordained elder prewere you ten, an TWELVE man years hence or twenty would you

paratory to going on a mission or behave forgotten those solemn resoluwould like to send out greetings ing married in the temple, that in five, tions and abandoned your ambition and a message to the elders of the ten, or twenty years you would lose and disappointed and saddened your for that regard high honor and the dear companion? belong- I refer to those I Church. gift precious has which to you? come to all not sure you never thought that quorums, I aming to the elders

of those who are sometimes designated Did you ever think that the time would in those early days of your eldership come no longer would when you things wish these come. quorums. would to other belong eldersas who

association fellowship and of your it to send this the have they come is necessary to all too many thatI think How message out by you, my brethren and brethren in the quorum? Did you of this great body of priesthood? I

sisters, because large numbers of this think perhaps I can tell you, or at priesthood are not present at our conleast I can try.

ference here today, and many may not Some of you began to slip when you even be listening in to the proceedings. let other affairs and other engagements

The elders constitute our largest take you away from your quorum body of priesthood. There are one meetings. You began to prefer other

thousand and thirtythree quorums, company to that of your fellow memwith seventytwo thousand nine hunbers. You left the work of the

dred and four members enrolled, makquorums to those few sturdy wheel ing the average enrollment in each horses always willing to carry on.

quorum just about seventy. You subordinated the quorum to other

The quorums are widely distributed things you considered more important.

throughout the stakes of Zion and You gradually lost the desire for the in some of the missions of the Church, education and the opportunities it afaffording adequate opportunity for all fords. And then after you had remen holding this priesthood to be moved yourself from the warm,

served by their quorums. stimulating influence of your brethren

The quorums are under the direct in the quorum, you found yourselves presidencies and supervision of the becoming critical, critical of the teachstake presidency who determine and ings, lessons, and procedure, and you ordain the membership and select and summed it all up as rather dull busiinstall their officers. In fact, the mainness, possibly without realizing that

tenance of these quorums constitutes, you and others like you might have perhaps the most direct and exclusive made it most interesting and profitable.

priesthood responsibility which the And then you forgot another thing, stake presidencies have. which our brother who prayed in the

The membership of the quorums is session this morning brought to our made up of young men, middleaged Carthage Jail attention. You forgot when you were

men, and older men. Many of the Through the doorway of this historic jail at ordained that a great confidence and

are or are preyoung men Illinois, on missions Carthage, the his Joseph Prophet and in you, you and trust reposed was brother their to deaths, in Hyrum went secure the to fill missionsparing or recently have to that true that be must forgot you in that knowledge even death care takes God therefrom.returned the of Some it. his of faithful servants trust. neglected are upon whose heads You

young men come into the quorums in sealed the powers of his Holy Priesthood.

contemplation of marriage, and some I remember years ago hearing of a merely by way of advancement from ever think then that you would fail youngting outelders'to visitquorumall thepresidencymembers setof Priesthood.the Aaronic

to calls to the respond to coming to you the their quorum. came home They all these of young I extend men To through your quorum kindly for a one, of maturity of a had man who congratulations. Brethren, youmy service to fellow his a or success, business considerable member and had attained high place ahave great and family or it in to others need? his the at door. Did to knocked came He indistinction the of God. Church You in to ever occur those of you told door. days they were, him They who for recognitionhave accorded been

your faith, your clean living, and your young manhood, with this Holy that his name was on the record of your worthy ambition to be servants of our Lord. The honor which has

come to you and the responsibilities (]an you forget your own ordination, your high and opportunities which arise out of resolves, the confidence and trust the Lord put your high calling are immeasurable, as 1 shall attempt to show. I pray the in you?

Lord to bless you young elders, that Search your heart, and you will find the answer.

your appreciation and enthusiasm for this newlyacquired priesthood shall grow and deepen with the years and Priesthood resting upon you, when you members, and that they had come to your experiences, and that you will took your young sweetheart to the visit him. He said, these were the

never cease to regard it as your most holy temple, where your marriage words he used: "Well, gentlemen, you

priceless possession. was sealed and sanctified and your {Continued on page 775)

NOVEMBER 1949 707 Address delivered at the Saturday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conference October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle

those who work in the factories or who live in crowded cities; from those

whose feet are planted upon the land will come the great determining factors in shaping human destiny. It

has been so in the past. It will be

so in the future. We Latterday Saints

must ever remember the sanctity and the holiness of the land given us by the

Father. There is safety in the land.

Most of us live in the western part of the United States. In all these

western states, in Utah, the mother of them all, a new era is opening, an industrial era. Nature has laid down

in these western territories large quantities of raw materials, many, perhaps, of a nonmetallic of them The Old Stone Fence on the Joseph Smith Farm most deposits will be used character. in These the Town of Manchester, State. New York

more and more in the future. There

will be a reaching out to supply the needs of mankind by the use of these raw materials, of which great dePreserve Our HERITAGE posits have been laid down by nature throughout the centuries. I am afraid

a good many of us will be tempted to tSy rfohn t. lA/Latdoe say, "I'll join the industrial procession.

industrial This forget the land."I will OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE question is There's no era welcomed.

about that; but as it arises, we must

trust I living pray that while thing. and are a tradition all living it established Like things that weMY dear brethren and sisters, I truth of this work. A testimony is a keep our minds steadily upon the old

people. speak be guided must be by the landloving I may and landusing nourished fed and and cared

"loly Spirit of God, that some of my for if it is really to be of service and We must remember that industry itwords at least may touch the hearts value in human life and in carrying self thrives best in the midst of an of some of those who listen. out the purposes of the Lord. So the agricultural community. Witness the

It is good to meet in these great heritage, that which has been given social troubles of today in our own conferences. Thousands of us are of us, must be used to become effective land. Analyze them, and you soon

one mind, of one faith, of one purpose. in the building of God's kingdom. discover that if we had built, as the

It is always good to bear witness to We have noble traditions handed Saints a century ago wanted us to build, the reality of the restoration of the down from the past. My mind has we would have escaped many of the

gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. I been concerned for some time with troubles, chiefly by giving heed to the

bear that witness for myself that this one of these tradicall to the land.

is indeed the work of God, that we tions. Some may say When Joseph Smith

are not following a mistaken path, that this tradition is laid out his ideal city

Saints many years ago, hebut that we are walking in the light not spiritual, there- e Latterday of truth, and that more than one fore not part of the are a landloving planned it so that this gospel, of of existence but the yearshundred Lord said imself has to the restoration demonhave people. We believe in the whileall bethe aroundfarms wouldtheChurch of

strated the truth, the integrity, and the some of his servants land. city, every homestead

reality of the work begun under diin early days that bewould have a kitchen vine direction by the Prophet Joseph. fore him all things garden in the rear of

We have a great heritage, we are spiritual, provided, as I understand the house and a flower garden in

Latterday Saints, a heritage of it, they are used in the building of front. There was tremendous wisdom

doctrine, of practice, of tradition. I God's kingdom. in that. Men, no matter what their

know of none like it. Just as these We Latterday Saints are a landwork may be, or what their daily callconferences coming every six months loving people. We believe in the ings may require of them, if steadily

stand out as unique in the history of land. We are a landusing people. and vigorously they touch the soil, be

the world, so that which we have inMost of us are farmers, directly or it ever so lightly or ever so small an herited from those who have gone beindirectly. Some few years ago—not acreage, perhaps a back yard, willfore us is equally unique and distincmany years ago—in a census then takreceive from that contact spiritual

tive. It is our duty to respect this en, approximately sixtyfive percent, at strength. There is something in the

heritage, to honor it, and to use it. least, of our people were engaged in soil and mother earth that gives

Things that are not used are dead. agriculture, in tilling the soil, or in strength to all who make things grow

They are of little or no value to human making use of the things that grow on the land.

kind. It is only by use that knowledge upon the mountains, in the valleys, and One great man in our history, Henry

and all the possessions of mankind on the deserts. That has given us Ford, sensing this thing, undertook

blossom into life and become of real strength. I hope that we as a people some years ago to make arrangements

value. will not depart from that tradition. by which all the employees of one of

If this were a testimony meeting, Those who own the land and use it his factories might be provided with there are thousands here who would in the end will determine the future homes surrounded by a little acreage, bear witness to their knowledge of the of mankind. It will not come from {Continued on page 77A)

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

FREEDOM...

Of* fonopolidic <=Jjommation by 2>el[l5n, Ljroup3

Address delivered at the Friday afternoon session of the 120th semi-'annual general conference September 30, 1949, in the Tabernacle &y

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Brethren, sisters, and radio listeners, as a preliminary to other remarks I would like for a moment to refer to the Prophet Joseph Smith, KIRTLAND HOME OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH mentioned this morning in both prayer and speech. It is because Joseph Smith spiritual or material. One of our basic held inviolate as will secure to each indilived and functioned that we are all teachings is that faith without works is vidual the free exercise of conscience, the

the property, control of right and and I faith this withhere "... today, said thy dead. have from and shew me

life. of protection I will instand other that shew works, stands out from thy and and

all necesthat believe governments We opinion faith thee works."(James Smith a most Joseph was bymy my my civil officers magistrates require sarily and

that greatest one the everymarvelous Again, man, prophet 2:18.) "Not that of the same; the laws to enforce and

this world has ever seen, aside from saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter such as will administer the law in equity

Jesus Christ himself, and, as I believe into the kingdom of heaven; but he and justice should be sought for and upheld

history will declare, one of the greatthat doeth the will of my Father which by the voice of the people if a republic, est Americans that this country has is in heaven."(Matt. 7:21.) Other of or the will of the sovereign.

ever known. our teachings pertinent to my theme

Why am I justified in saying all are articles 12 and 13 of our faith: Further, we also support the statethis? I believe that ments in the Declaration of Independ-

a real, serious, it We believe in beence that all men that believe governinvestiga- kings,honest to ing subject Wfe their cerCreator with are by endowed rulers, presidents,tion of Joseph instituted were ments rights; these unalienable are that among in tain magistrates, and the Smith, from

life, liberty, the of pursuit happiness. and the benefit for God of honoring obeying, birth his oftime to of

rights, to these secure governments That sustaining the and holds his thatthe of he time man; men and their instituted are deriving men, among law. justifydeath, will acts their in just the the of consent accountable govfrom powers for

in believe begoesanyone We who.. erned in relation to them, both true, honest, ing all carefully into

benevolent, chaste, all administerthe laws history and making and light statethe of foregoing In the in doand thingsthe he did I all that sure Latterday am the ing them, good and virtuous, for all ments, ing to good in that )> at saying their religion that believe Saints must... society.'men safety of least a he was obligation the sacred imposes on them

most marvelous of trying to be good citizens of the man, and in saying that, in coming to If we implement these articles in country under whose flag they live.

family that our daily lives, conclusion, will be good such an investigator we In this States United country—the neighbors, good good the same members, be guided would by exactly things, citithis obligation, other among

standard that is used in judging greatzens, and good Church members, entails the duty to vote in elections for ness of all other people: by his works Again, we teach that the Constitupublic officers. And for whom should

shall he be known, by his works he tion of the United States as it came to they vote? Obviously for those cashould be judged. And in my opinion us from tne founders of this republic pable people who, they believe, will be

every honest, conscientious, intelligent is a divinely inspired document. From true, if elected, to their oaths of ofman and woman, in the light of his a declaration of belief as found in fice; those who will uphold the Conclaims, ought to feel justified in going Section 134 of The Doctrine and stitution of the United States and the

carefully into a study of this wonderful Covenants, and approved by unanilaws made in harmony with it. To do

man. mous vote of an assembly of the this is a duty that every loyal citizen

In the few minutes allotted to me I Church held in Kirtland, August 1835, of this country should feel honordesfire to talk in plain, everyday Ian- I make the following quotes"bound to discharge. The safety and

guage of some things that I believe are perpetuity of our constitutional form important for all of us to study and We believe that governments were inof government demands it, so histothink about. First of all, the gospel stituted of God for the benefit of man; rians tell us.

of Jesus Christ as accepted and taught and that he holds men accountable for As I view the situation, the national by the elders of the Church of Jesus their acts in relation to them, both in elections in 1950 and 1952 will be

Christ of Latterday Saints is a very making laws and administering them, for among the most critical and farpractical religion—one that should the good and safety of society. reaching in effects this country has had

enter into every phase of the lives of We believe that no government can exist in a century. Powerful forces are

its members, whether this phase be in peace, except such laws are framed and (Continued on page 772)

NOVEMBER 1949 709 Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conferThe Struggle of Life ence October 2, 1949, &t in the Tabernacle jMU C. Beowetx under the spell of that influence

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and absorbed in the complicated pursuits of life, they find difficulty in holding fast to their noble purposes. In competition

with their fellows they are inAs variousI havespeakerslistenedduringto thisthe tofluencedplay a bywinningthe naturalgame. instinctAn op-

t conference, I have been importunity presents itself to turn pressed with the persistence of a good deal, to outsmart a one theme. Every speaker has fellow man, or profit at

urged us all to greater fidelity another's expense by suppressto principles and a closer coning some facts or misrepresentformance in practice to the ing others, or practising some teachings of our belief. Now other form of deception. Or it

I come to think of it, I can't may be that they see a chance remember any time when this to gain advantage by evil was not so. I have no rememspeaking about a rival or to

brance of sermons in our regratify a debasing appetite or ligious services which did not a lustful passion, and under the exhort the congregation to live pressure of the immediate imbetter lives in closer harmony pulse the high resolve is with gospel teachings. Always dimmed, the noble determinathe admonition is to do better. tion submerged, and they slip

So characteristic is this feabelow the standard of their ture that I am led to wonder if ideal. So it is essential that

listeners might not sometimes they come again, and frequentbe tempted to ask, "Aren't you Schoen[eld Collection—From Three Lions ly, under the influence which

ever satisfied?""Can you not PAUL IN MEDITATION kindles anew the warmth of

tell us for once that we are doing well spirit in which good resolutions are enough?"I cannot remember ever itJnow ye not"wrote begotten, that they may go out fortiof pressures thehaving heard such fied to withstand complacency exthe Apostle to the into falsepressed. them I have heard which lure temptation plenty of commendation for the good done and Corinthians, "that the ways. Happily, if they refresh themencouragement for the advancement unrighteous shall not inselves frequently enough under enre- spirit of themade. influences, recitals I have heard inciof herit the kingdom of nobling them,dents with evidencing will individual work be at deeds pentance of

.."ofgreat God?. some sublimity conquest will wherein risen make they men have and

to lofty heights of spiritual and moral (I Cor. 6:9.) temptations—rise above them—and

grandeur. These have been acknowladvance thus far toward their final

edged as benefactors of mankind and goal.

extolled as examplars of what is praisecompleteness, it will make men perfect, That is one reason why, when we worthy. But always such men and and ultimate individual perfection, accongregate together, we must always

deeds are held forth as exhibitions of cording to gospel teachings, is the and forever be admonished and urged the inherent human capacity to rise goal of life, its real purpose. When and inspired to renew and strengthen

above baser instincts and climb to men attain it, they will be saved, which our good determinations, by degrees higher standards of goodness. Their is the ultimate of all hopes and aspirato correct our imperfections and adattainments, it will be noted, are retions, the inspiration for all striving. In vance in the scale of goodness. So

hearsed for their admonitory value that matchless sermon delivered from long as men are subject to be lured as a basis for enticing other, in emulathe mountainside, Jesus admonished by ignoble desires from the perfect tion, to improve themselves by strughis listeners: law of life, they need constant regling upward to the high plane achieved minders to bring them back and fortiby their exemplars. So always the Be ye therefore perfect, even as your fy them against repeated departures.

same exhortation, whether expressed Father which is in heaven is perfect. So long as that condition obtains,

in direct terms or by manifest implica- (Matt. 5:48.) which is throughout mortality, just so

tion, is there, urging us on to do better, And Paul and Timothy, writing to the long will it be needful that religious to conform to the standards of our Philippians said of the Savior that services be devoted to admonition and high ideal. he, persuasion and, if may be, to inspiring

evil withstand to resolution the with reMoreover, persuaded on I am... thought in the form being of God, conquer the to cleave and flection that will alsuch good—to should and

with to God. be equal robbery not yield to debasing to desire the even case. the be canways be There no it(Phil. 2:6.) the to sink to passions or appetites for to end importunings improvement

because improvement, growth, progBut men are mortal and beset by level of ignoble deeds.

ress, selfbetterment is a concept basic human frailties. They are enticed by I trust, therefore, that none of us

to our creed. It is a cardinal principle the pressures of immediate carnal deshall feel that admonitions and exhortagoing to the depths and bottomed on sire to depart from the high standards tions and even reprovings are offered

the meaning and purpose of life. of the perfect law. When they are in the spirit of complaining or of

The gospel is the revelation of God under the influence of an exalted occhastisement, but rather as reminders for the salvation of man. Coming casion, they make high resolves. They of the necessity in our own selfinter-

from God it is perfect, the authentic firmly determine to avoid past mistakes est of moving forward to higher planes.

plan for right living. If observed in its and to do better. But gone out from {Continued on page 764)

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Royalton, Smith The Joseph home in South is the devil, or Satan, known at far withVermont, the monument is called terms. various right. by He

—Photograph by Geo. K. Lewis the dragon; he is called the

serpent; he is called perdition;

he is called Lucifer; and he is

Address delivered at the Friday called the adversary or the afternoon session of the 120th prince of darkness. After an ensemi-annual general confercounter with Moses with this

ence September 30, 1949, master of darkness, the Lord in the Tabernacle appeared and told Moses who

Satan was, that he was one of the sons of God who came to Elohim with a proposition before this world was that would have destroyed the agency of man. Satan was cast out with

all those who followed after him, and they became those striving in this earth in a further effort to destroy the agency of man. POWERS In a revelation to the Prophet

Joseph Smith the Lord said that Satan drew after him OF THE a third part of the spirits

fl5u Afarold 5. <=JLtee

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE GOSPEL

have rejoiced with you this afterHereafter I will not talk much with you: whom God created, and that they

noon at the excellence of the adfor the prince of this world cometh, and with Satan became the force in

I dresses which have been delivered, hath nothing in me. (John 14:30.) the world to try to destroy the

and I pray that for these few moments work of righteousness. That power

is statement, the quotaThat which vision Isaiah in a spoken of by was be strengthened by your faith I may is tion Version, from the King James called he a he received which which prayers. and

In President George Albert Smith's given more significance by the Prophet grievous vision, in which it was said:

opening remarks this morning he made Joseph in the Inspired Version when "Set a watchman on the tower to tell reference to the two great forces conhe quoted it thus: what he seeth and report the coming

chariots,"voice but a of horsemen and the in the with tending today world.. the of prince darkness, is of who saying, Seir of out this spoke Mount adthe prize, he as soul and human world, but cometh, hath over power no night."(See of the what stay Saints to "Watchman, the Latterday monished but hath he over you. me, power

"on the Lord's side."Isaiah 21:6-11.) "Watchman, what

I was reminded of that as the In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph of the night,"suggesting that, more to brethren have spoken, particularly Smith, his preface to his commandbe feared than the enemies that could

Bishop Richards, of the power of evil ments in this dispensation, the Lord be perceived with the physical senses extant in the world today, and some said this, making it still clearer as to or could be seen by physical eyes were evidences of that power. As I thought the nature of this force of evil: the powers of darkness that came unof that, I have remembered that in the seen by physical eyes.

life of the boyprophet, Joseph Smith, For I am no respecter of persons, and That same thought was in the mind before he was given the outbursting will that all men shall of the Master, no of two of the greatest revelations that know that the time doubt, when he the speedily cometh; said: of to given both ever been man, have been to have seemed Jt is yet, but not hour a revelations preceded were those by

is at that nigh hand, the necessary when Prophfear not them And evil, the of of demonstration power shall taken peace be kill the body, which et to underwas Joseph Hill the in the Sacred Grove, on and earth, the from and to able are not but to> It been have seemed Cumorah. the stand nature shall and devil the power have kill soul; the but

that to the Prophet necessary was his over power own fear rather which him evil in preorder to be of of nature the understand and power (D. C. dominion. & is to destroy both able

that force in order that he could be 1:35.) pared to contend successsoul and body in hell.

prepared to contend successfully fully against it. (Matthew 10:28.)

against it. Satan's dominion,

The Master, just before his crucias the Lord has The Apostle Paul fixion, in fact, it was immediately further explained, was the dominion seemed to understand very clearly after the Last Supper, after Satan had of those who do wickedly in and this same power when he declared:

the world. Richards throughout Bishop Iscariot, as the into entered Judas flesh wrestle against not For we and fact called of attention the to has the record, scriptures as he received the blood, but principalities, against against

in disbelief being such a among many to the departed Savior and from sop powers, the against rulers of the darkness the place of the betrayal, the Master as Satan, and he has shown us that of this world, against spiritual wickedness then proceeded to converse with the such disbelievers, without their knowin high places. (Eph. 6:12.)

other eleven. Whether this took place ing it, are but giving fulfilment to a

as he stood at the table or on their prophecy uttered twentyfive hundred Using words that are common to way to the place of the betrayal or years ago to the effect that such dismodern warfare, we might say that in the temple, we have no definite way belief and denial of the existence of there are in the world today fifth of knowing, but in that conversation hell and Satan would be one of the columnists who are seeking to inthe Master gave expression to this things which would come in this latter filtrate the defenses of every one of significant statement: day. {Concluded on page 737)

NOVEMBER 1949 711 Address delivered at the Sunday toward perfection, but I do find, as I morning session of the 120th go about the Church, some who need semiannual general conferthis principle of repentance. I thank ence October 2, 1949, Except Ye the Lord for this glorious principle. I

in the Tabernacle find parents who have lost the natural affection for their children. I find

children who disown and disclaim their Y brothers and sisters and friends, REPENT..."parents and evade responsibility conin all humility I stand before you

to address today, and I desire my V->$ //2 Jpencer*\ *\k{/[/.I Kimballl/> I It cerningbands whothem. desertI findtheirsometimeswives husandMremarks to all you who sit before us OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE their children, and who use almost

and to those many who are outside the every pretext to justify such action.

walls of this building but who are I find wives who are demanding, unlistening and seeing. worthy, quarrelsome, and who are uncooperative and selfish and worldly,

When the prophet on Friday mornprovoking such action. I find those

ing opened this glorious conference who gossip and bear false witness and bore his testimony to this world, against their neighbors. I find breth-

I wonder if it affected all of you as it ren who hale each other into the did me. My mind went back to the courts on trivial matters that could

twentythird chapter of Matthew have been settled by themselves. I

where the Lord Jesus Christ was find blood brothers and sisters who speaking to people who disregarded fight over inheritances and bring each the solemn and sacred things that other into the courts of the land and were there for their acceptance. In drag before the public the most intimate

words condemnatory he said: and personal family secrets, bringing

all of the skeletons out of the closets,

Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, leaving nothing sacred, having little hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of regard for each other, interested only

the prophets and garnish the sepulchres of in that which they might acquire by the righteous, such action. I saw one family split

And say, If we had been in the days wide apart, half of the brothers and of our fathers, we would not have been sisters on one side, and half on the partakers with them in the blood of the other, in a most disgraceful feud. At

prophets. the funeral half of them sat on one

Wherefore, behold, I send Idaho Falls Temple side of the aisle and half unto you prophets, and wise on the other. They would

men, and scribes: and some not speak to each other.

of them ye shall kill and Jf we forgive all real or fancied offenses before The property involved was crucify;... we ask forgiveness for our own sins—if we pay worth only a few thousand

are they yet dollars, and press our small, large before debts, we and later: then and I have enemies. avowed the eyes clear our to of manage we in and wards people seen ourdebtors—if

Jerusalem, Jerusalem, O in the motes the impugn blinding before magnify beams branches we who killest prophets, the that thou Authorities the of motives. the.. the kingdom building others, the eyes of are stonest which them of and

other make and each and of thee (Matt. send unto pace. accelerated at an an go would for word."a "offender them 23:2930, 34, 37.)

I have seen people in You folk in the Church and out of Lamanites, though still in its infancy, branches where they have broken wide the Church heard a prophet of God is going forward at an incredible pace, apart and say unkind things about each bear testimony that this was the only The responsiveness of the children of other and will hardly speak to each true and living Church upon the earth. Lehi is unbelievable. There will be other. They bring into their meetings

Did you listen, or do you also build many hundreds of baptisms this year the spirit of the evil one instead of sepulchres for the dead prophets and both in stakes and missions, and I the spirit of the Christ, tombs for those who have passed away pray the blessings of the Lord upon I have seen husbands and wives, long ago and disregard the living ones? all those who are contributing toward living under the same roof, who are

I bear witness to you that the Prophet fulfilment of the promises with which selfish, unbending, and unforgiving, of God who bore testimony to you on the Lord has filled his books of scripwho with their misunderstandings have

Friday morning is the recognized head ture. hardened their hearts and poisoned

of God's kingdom here upon this earth, Much has been said in this contheir minds. Then I have seen many

and you would do well to listen and ference already about the fundamental people who have become offended at to accept it in your hearts. I bear principle of repentance. President Church authorities, their ward, stake,

testimony also, in all solemnity, that Clark repeated the other night the mission, auxiliary, and priesthood this is the true and living Church and passage where the Lord said, leaders, for things which have been that it is officered by men who are preach nothing but repentance unto said or were imagined to have been called of God, and it is accepted of this people."said or thought.

the Lord, and that the gospel which it It seems that most of us think that To the children who are unkind to promulgates, by these thousands of repentance is for the other person, their parents the Lord has said, "Ye missionaries abroad and the other thoufor the one who has committed murder hypocrites,"(Matt. 15:7.) "He that

sands here at home, is the gospel of or adultery or theft or something that curseth father or mother, let him

Jesus Christ which will cure all ills is very heinous, but repentance, as I die the death."(Matt. 15:4.) To

and solve all problems and will exalt read the scriptures, is for us all the intolerant God has said. "What

mankind as well as save him. It is my pleasure, also, to go into God hath cleansed, that call not thou

I had thought of saying something the homes of the leaders in the miscommon."(Acts 11:9.) To the gosabout the Indian or Lamanite program sions, wards, and stakes of Zion, and sip he has said from Sinai: "Thou shalt

at this conference, but I have been I am deeply appreciative of the fact not bear false witness...."(Exodus

"pressed by the spirit,"as Paul said, that most of our people are trying to 20:16.) To those who would impugn

to speak upon other matters; howlive the commandments of the Lord. motives he said: "Judge not, that ye

ever, I should like to make this one I find in this Church many people who be not judged."(Matt. 7:1.) And to

statement, that the work among the amaze me with their close approach {Continued on page 766) 712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Friday 'J'he restoration of the morning session of the 120th semiannual general confergospel, the bringing ence September 30, 1949, back of light and truth, in the Tabernacle is intended for the benefit and the blessing of all

at the October Six years agoMY beloved brothers and sisters: God's children.

of the you Church conference sustained me as one of the General enjoyed rich spiritual gifts. Simple

Authorities. In spite of my weaknesses ordinances were performed by men

and limitations, I stand here today to who had authority and had been comtestify to you of the joy and the hapmissioned. The apostolic ministry was

piness which have been mine during characterized by every evidence that those six glorious years. For four and those engaged in it had divine authorone-half years of the six, I have had ity to carry the message of the gospel

the opportunity of traveling among and to administer in the affairs of the the stakes of Zion, meeting the stake kingdom. They went forth freely

presidencies, high councils, bishoprics, without pay, because the Master had and Saints, and also visiting the missaid, "freely ye have received, freely sions of the Church and meeting the give."Peter, apparently the senior

people there. It has been a priceless apostle, directed the activities of the

experience. In no other place in all Church.

the world can anyone be privileged to In 44 A. D. a council of the Church

enjoy the association of such fine men membership was called in Jerusalem, and women as those who constitute with Peter presiding. According to

the leadership of the stakes and wards the records, certain differences were of Zion and the missions and branches adjusted at that conference, under the of the Church. I am deeply grateful inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Later

for all your kindness. the apostles scattered; persecution was

As though this were not enough, I HILL CUM0RAH MONUMENT neaped upon them; and so far as we

have had the glorious privilege of a know, they never met again in a genclose and intimate association with the eral conference of the Church. The

leadership of the Church, the General activities of Paul centered at Antioch,

Authorities. I have always loved but during the period from 68 A. D.

them, but I have never loved them as to 100 A. D., it appeared that most,

apostles, all, who of the original today. of if not them I domuch as Any one APOSTASY the kingdom to direct life itself, his authority all, including the givewould had

if necessary, for the establishment of—to direct the affairs of the Church

the earth.this from passed upbuilding of and the great work had

continued, persecution I from me all ofthe kingdom. With Waves my heart,

sustain them and love them and comdissension crept in, political influence mend to you, my brethren and sisters, was in evidence. According to the

their example and counsel. writers of the second century, which Some few months ago following a TRUTH are usually passed over in silence by

general conference of the Church, many of the religious leaders of the orthoteachings were the I received a letter today, from a young man By zra Vaft Beenion world first the this city. duringin quite an extent been impressed dox to He had

with something that had been said OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE century and into the second century regarding missionary work. In his following the advent of the Master.

this there period was during the askedletter he even But question—after

beginthat apostasy thatindicating was an he evidence was not a member law, a law of love, the gospel of love,of the Church—"Why do you people and he established his Church. He ning. As Constantine came to the

of the Mormon faith send missionselected officers. We read of the throne of the Roman empire, there

aries out into the world, particularly apostles, the seventies, bishops, elders, was a spirit of tolerance shown toward to Christian nations? Why do you priests, teachers, and deacons, and one all religious groups. Finally, tolerance

not confine your program to the nonof the members of that body of leaders increased toward the Christians until

Christian people?"later said that these officers should Constantine himself more or less

If the Lord will bless me, I should remain in the Church for the purpose espoused their cause.

like to attempt to answer that question, of Great changes were now in evidence.

within the limits of the time available... the perfecting of the saints, for the Some would have us believe that the

and my own personal limitations. work of the ministry, for the edifying of bishop of Rome, about this time, beIt is a common belief of all sects the body of Christ: came the head of the Church. There

professing Christianity that Jesus the Till we all come in the unity of the were many bishops presiding over localChrist established his divine Church faith. (Eph. 4:1213.) congregations—churches as they werehere on the earth during his ministry called—but none of them had authoramong men. He came during a period The Master selected his Twelve. He ity, as had been given to the Twelve,

of comparative peace. The religious named them; he sent them forth with to direct Church affairs. In fact, the

world was divided into two camps the message, "the kingdom of heaven records indicate that at least two of the pagans of various sects and the is at hand."They went to the lost the bishops of Rome died before John,

Jews. The Jews alone were worshiping sheep of the House of Israel and later, the Apostle. Evidently, one was livthe true and Living God. Even they through divine direction, to the Gening when John received his last great

were divided among themselves, the tiles as well. Others were called, and revelation recorded in the Book of

principal groups being the Pharisees, the seventy, following their first misRevelation. None of these had the

Sadducees, and Essenes. There was alsion, came back rejoicing that even authority, nor assumed authority, to

so a mixture of the Jewish and pagan the devils had been subject to them in direct the church established by Christ philosophies in the Samaritan group. the name of Jesus Christ. and his apostles.

But Christ came with his message There was a spirit of unity among In the council called by Constantine, indicating that the law of Moses was the members, a spirit of brotherhood; the emperor, in 325 A. D. (Council of

fulfilled in him. He brought a higher there was a spirit of oneness. They {Continued on page 756)

NOVEMBER 1949 713 SUSTAIN

Address delivered at the Saturday morning, session of the 120th semiannual general conference tL AUTHORITIES

October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle

r 1/(ark O. f-'eterseti &

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

am very grateful, my brothers and

I sisters,receivedforin thethis stimulationconference. I haveI am

grateful for the privilege of going to the stake conferences and for the good that I receive from them. I

think it is wonderful to feel the strength of the Saints in the different parts of the Church, and as I go about among the people and feel their strength and faith and note their devotion, I am very grateful indeed that this is truly a great Church. It is a strong Church, L.D.S. CHURCH ADMINISTRATION BUILDING

and the people who belong to it are a strong people. I am very grateful for to believe that God can reveal himself tragedy of ancient Israel was that the

this knowledge. to mankind as it is to believe that there people of those days were willing to

At times we meet people who find it is a God. profess belief in God, but would not

difficult to live our religion. SomeAll down through the ages the follow the teachings of the prophets of

times they say it is hard to live some Lord has revealed himself to men. God.

of the principles of the gospel. OcThen, we must believe in revelation. What did the Lord reveal to his

casionally people say they find it hard But to whom does God reveal himself? people through the prophets all down

to live the law of tithing, or the Word An ancient prophet said the Lord will through the ages? He revealed to

of Wisdom. I know that some do do nothing but he revealeth his secrets the prophets, and through them to the

find it difficult, but I know also that to his servants the prophets. Then we people, the things which he expected

if they would apply themselves and must have prophets among us. We the people to do. and these expectareally convert themselves to these had them anciently, from the days of tions of the Lord, as revealed to the

great principles, they would be able Adam on down to the days of Malachi people through the prophets, formed to live them and enjoy doing so. to whom God revealed himself in the program which our Father in

As I have observed some of the harmony with this great principle heaven desired his people on earth people in the Church, I believe that which is such an important part of to follow for their salvation. In other

one of the principles they find most our restored religion. words, these revelations and these didifficult to live is the principle set What about prophets in Christian rections given to the people through

forth in one of the Articles of Faith, times? When the Church was estabthe prophets formed the program of

the sixth one, lished on the earth in the days of the the Church in ancient times.

Savior, it was We today are no different from the

We believe in the founded with apospeople who lived in the days of the organizationsame ancient apostles, the Savior betles and prophets and Saints. are the Our \ethat existed in the is also today cause our founded Church head. the at And thePrimitive makes Church, up Church at apostles the head, prophets with and put they were why apostles,namely, the Christ. of apostles these teachings the Body and in the of We have Church? pastors,prophets,

teachers, evangelists, Prophets of God tvho give us Paul explains, as and prophets form the program of the etc. the program of the Church. hasoncebeenbefore,mentionedthat Church.has many Thisprojectsprogramand ismanyvaried.enterIt

I suppose some Let us follow that program so they were put in prises. It includes many commandof you will think that we may get the blessings the Church for the ments and many ordinances. But they

Iit that strange that, I God proffers to us. Saints,perfectingfor theofworkthe areChurch.all a partWe ofcannotthe programdistinguishof bethe butsay

really believe that of the ministry, tween them and say that these we will there are a number of people among us for the edifying of the body -of Christ, accept and these others we will not who find the principle represented in They were to remain in the Church accept. We cannot make fish of one

that Article of Faith to be the most until we all come to a unity of the and fowl of the other. The hand

difficult they have to live. faith, unto a perfect man, unto the cannot say to the foot, "I have no

Our first Article of Faith, which has fulness of the measure of the stature need of thee."

been referred to here, says that we of Christ. The Sunday School could not say

believe in God the Eternal Father and Throughout the ancient times there to the Relief Society, "You are not in his Son Jesus Christ and in the was always a tendency to profess benecessary."Not one of us can conHoly Ghost. Without faith in God lief in God but to reject the teachings sistently say that we will sustain the

we wouldn't even have any religion, of the prophets. Jesus met that situapriesthood program, but we will rebecause faith in God is fundamental to tion when he was upon the earth, and ject the welfare program. We could

our religion. But such faith is no among the other things, he made a not say that we will accept the Aaronic

more fundamental than it is to believe great appeal to overcome it. He said, Priesthood program, for instance, and

that God can and will reveal himself '... ye believe in God, believe also that we will reject the Melchizedek

to mankind. It is just as fundamental in me."(John 14:1.) The great (Concluded on page 756)

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3L LANGUAGE </ SINCERITY

Address delivered at the Friday afterseeking them out as we do in other noon session of the 120th semimissions of the Church. We would

annual general conference have the same results if we had three missionaries those among 30, 1949, in September million people. 9 hundredeighty the Tabernacle Ijjlp a I attended city In the of Tokyo

five at hunconference which had we grateful, brethren indeed my am in Possibly only attendance. dred wS5f* friends, sisters to back be and and

fifty that at conference were members of conference in general a again I of choir the a of Church. had We eight the past Duringthe Church. voices, young and ninety 1 "'"'men women V I the visited Hawaiian havemonths miles hundred a by about came who Pacific Mission, Central theMission, conference. sing at the. k to They::*.**. bus V Zeathe Mission, Australianthe New anthems, our and our and sang hymns Mission, the Mission, Tonganland those ninety and of young not one men

'the Mission, Japanese %ithe SSSm. Samoan of the yet a member was Ttk nmijjT"women JlP - * %gji in Presi- X -5 \ withMission, and company since. joined have Church. Some Aki, President Robertsondent and in choir our of director The '"'...,:.'. Wv*-"'AiL M officially at K mission a openedwe

I -igv of Cambridge graduate a Tokyo, J2 A China. Kong,Hong business successful University, a

missionvisited with every I have choir, the up directed made man, in respective missions the whoary nonmembers, and and of members HHHtiKm.ii.ru? 8ff JJJM

visit. at the time of therewas my of the it just as as good many was

: these testimonies of the I heardhave I at here home. heard choirs have I:.Wi'

I wish and and women,young men I Clissold on went and President

I could relay to you the language of one of our trips to the city of Shibata.

sincerity and conviction which these The mayor of the city heard that we young missionaries are carrying to the were coming, and after attending to world. If there was ever a day in some business with a gentleman about

the history of this sorry old world four miles from Shibata, we went into when we needed to hear the voice of rv/attkew Lou/leu the mayor's office, and he asked us to sinof language theconviction and followed him We all is the time,cerity, this and in a to building the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE upstairscome withoverhim.a bank

world's confusion it is not only inlarge chamber, and there assembled refreshingspiring hear hundreds to but of and our our men women speaking that dear Chinese brother, who felt ingwerebusinessmenone hundredandand civicsix ofleadersthe leadof that imthe burden upon him, was of sincerity to alla language who will and city. them phoned had the He

his salvation to to bring plored God testimonies,listen. heard their I have in to bring them see them out to gone

and I have been inspired. people. to hear the ministers of the Church

I have heard the testimonies of some In our prayers we included by referof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

offered prayer ence the dedicatory by to us, their us parents he asked said that introduced After he have ownwho I think 1921, President McKay in fit. as in active to the Church. those people saw not very it speakwere we

to asked up open he was, when God interpreter I boreIf parents the are within those aid the of of an any With the for gospel brought the be way I Clissold will President that trust voice, of testimony. yousound my my will nation. that great to need Weto concluat the this sustain in your and Japanese, veryfrom moment spoke are for missionaries who China—those said to the talks activmayor your of daughterssons sion our and by own

to willing a people serve among who gentlemen,ity, the to "Ladies and devotion people: your the by own

Church while they are out in the these are the representatives of the world at your expense, giving their Church which we want established all in testifying that the gospel has been here in the city of Shibata."And he

restored. said to us: "Send immediately, misIn China, at Hong Kong, on the sionaries,"and the following week

fourteenth of July, in company with two missionaries were sent there, a

President Robertson and his wife and Hawaiian sister and a Nisei Japanese daughter, President Aki and his wife, sister from Hawaii who were there on and my wife, we went upon what is missions.

known as The Peak, the highest The mayor of the city has turned eminence overlooking the beautiful over to them a big assembly room in city of Hong Kong, and on to the another bank building, and he said:

mainland of China, and there we of- "They can use that until we have a ficially opened the mission by a brief chapel in the city of Shibata."

service, each of us praying in turn. One of the wealthy men of the

I will never forget the prayer of have not yet received the light and city has turned his home over to them

Brother Henry Aki, who, as he stood knowledge of the gospel. as a residence, and in that residence

there, facing his homeland, with its In Japan we have one of the greatest they are holding cottage meetings.

four hundred and sixtyfive million opportunities for missionary service I Just outside the city of Shibata there inhabitants, poured out his soul to God have ever heard of or read of in the is a man named Mr. Ichishima, who

that he might be the means of bringhistory of this Church. While I was was the second largest landowner

ing salvation to his kindred people. there, we had twentyseven missionin Japan prior to the war. When we

What great odds, brothers and sisters, aries in all of Japan among eighty milvisited him, he had with him his one man holding the priesthood of God lion people, and coming to the services banker, his lawyer, and two or three among four hundred and sixtyfive held by those twentyseven missionothers, and after they had held a million of his race! I was never so aries were twentyone hundred peomeeting together for an hour or so,

impressed with the preciousness of ple, and they were coming to the they joined President Clissold and me, the priesthood of God as I was when missionaries; the missionaries were not (Continued on page 762)

NOVEMBER 1949 715 View of a typical group of ward volunteers working on a welfare beet project

ing in their hearts the faith that was necessary to apply for baptism in this In this letter Church. from essivias of a widowed reshe grandmother

ported that all of the male members of their family for four generations had been exterminated by the war, save WELFARE WORK one crippled grandson. They had one

granddaughter who was ill. The

i5u Jsfenru cJj. oiAie doctors had told her, told the grandmother and the mother, that there was

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE no chance for her life, that there was only one thing that would save her

Address delivered at the Sunday are conscious that the Lord has blessed life, because she suffered from disafternoon session of the 120th us and that we have yet a work to do. eases incident to malnutrition, and that

to her diet put was of a on cracked semiannual general conferthis in have deal great a heard We wheat. ence 2, October 1949, conference duties about our our and It not that was chance by the in the Tabernacle I responsibilities in the Church. am this prayers of family were answered. that sure are people, a blessed that we faithful in had been They keeping the us, thirteen has to half been given and those a much ago, and years WAS of the commandments since ever Lord receive sisters, are brethren to give expected that the and much who myIT they into entered the of waters baptism.

I like much. far great to would welfare Church program know how was found strength They had courage and

I us. in this to certaingiven progressed have that would the we am to go forward carry in and the on if all in this the program has bishops with usLord been of every day

all their of absence male members, beallthose years has stakes guided and of many and Church and Zion had of cause those blessings that and this thedirected course exerted to themselves the which utmost program from consolation which to as came them a taken. untilhas the beginning because now we result of the prayers ofthey which today goes mind to one have back accomplished what have by we My fered. next after day, the The doctor early the the meetingsof held, of help relatively which this few, whereas we this had pronounced decision, solemn

it, I in all.as Barratt Hall, for remember intended program when was There a welfare in package arrived that is told thatPresident rich us one too no too one no and McKay we

it home; and when opened, the was able to far this not see inmight be into too but poor Church he what first thing they found twenty was

he hearts of many people in the Church have been poundswelfare ofprogramcrackedhadwheatfurnished.which this

touched. They have given of their time and of couldI ambesuremultipliedthat incidentsa thousandfoldof that kindin

their means and their talents to further the purposes the lives of Latterday Saints, not only of the welfare program, to give aid and sustenance to in Europe but also here at home, and those who are in need. wouldI wonderbegrudgeif therethatare whichany ofweus havewho

done, that which we have contributed the future as to the work to be done might have participated in this welfare towards this welfare program, when in this great field of endeavor, but program. we realize what it has meant in the

that just like a locomotive engineer My heart goes out in gratitude to lives of the children of our Heavenly taking his train out of the station at my Heavenly Father today, that the Father all over this earth. And I want

night, that light which preceded the hearts of so many people in the to say we do not have to go to Gerengineer and his locomotive was symChurch have been touched. They many or to any faraway land to find

bolic of what we would experience. I have responded to the benefits that have

am sure that those utterances were this program, and been derived from prophetic because there has never been they have given of ]SJone of us can engage this program, for we time duringa those thirteen years their their time odd of and find them here at in this work and find failed have towhen have our talents, their we means, way home. in the territorylighted least at a short distance ahead. its further to purourselves the privilege I had

I am conscious that we may have poses, and to give aid of the adversary or unMonday of last week, to sustenancemade, undoubtedly and have made, and our quarterly der the power of his after those in themistakes who were program, both conference members in the in dominion. need. generalof the committee, presidents Inglewood Stake, of

of stakes, and bishops of wards, I received a letter going out near Venice but, generally speaking, our course not long ago from a family of Saints to see a little project, a very humble has been straightforward and ahead. in Germany, a family who are dear to project which a ward had instituted

And as we review the work which we me because I, among other elders in there under the inspiration and guidhave accomplished, it satisfies us. We the Church, assisted them in establish- (Continued on page 760)

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You. too. can make a

often for terested? "I God's Pray sighed, wish I ever youHave Finally, guidance. inspiration and speech"? a could good make SPEECH! with your ideas thus carefully conIf you have, then this article

is written for you, because you sidered, present them to your have already taken the first step in listeners in a simple, straightforward learning to speak effectively. manner. Abraham Lincoln and

There are many advantages to Edward Everett Hale both had a good speech. At work, in church, real message to give their listeners

at school, and in social situations, on the occasion of the dedication the rewards usually go to those of a national cemetery at Gettyspersons who can express their burg. Mr. Hale's speech lasted one

ideas accurately, clearly, and forcehour and fiftyseven minutes and fully. Moreover, as any effective was a model of the eloquent oratory

speaker will testify, it is a thrilling of the day. President Lincoln

experience to talk to a group of spoke briefly about what was in people and feel that you are inhis heart. Today only scholars

fluencing their opinions and swayread Mr. Hale's oration, but huning them emotionally. Yes, it is dreds of thousands have studied

loved the simplicity and claritydefinitely worth your while to learn 8,v and to speak effectively. of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.

"But I have no talent,"you say. oLoulde oLinion J>au.mow 3. Master a few elementary techDon't become discouraged. Speakers niques of delivery. Speak loudly

are made, not born. Some of the and clearly enough to be heard by

all cannot listeners. If they your failgreatest oratorsworld's were attributes essential of the aspect get cannot they you, understand but they the beginning,ures in truth. sincerity of and at directly your message. Look yourfinally they perbecause succeeded

severed in their practice. 2. Present your message as listeners as you speak; you must

simply and clearly as you can. see them if you are to observe their

There can be a world of differFlowery words, involved stories, irreactions. Eliminate as many disence, however, between successful relevant details, and jumbled extracting mannerisms as possible;

speaking and great "oratory."A planations only confuse your listenpounding on the pulpit may make

humble Danish immigrant stood up ers. First, think through your ideas your listeners worry more about into preach a funeral sermon. His carefully. Next, test them by talkjury to your hand than the subject

speech was so broken it was someing about them to a member of of your speech.

difficult to understand. Buttimes friend. family or a your he Can These are the essentials of sucthe gospel, a and he hadhe knew Is easily? understand he inyou

message he wanted the bereaved cessful public speaking. Of course,

family to hear, for he felt it would there are other important attributes comfort them. The result was that of the trained speaker, such as

not only the mourners but also every pointed organization, colorful illusthat received the chapelperson in correct vivid language, THE AUTHOR trations, clearlymessage, The and forcibly. gestures, dramatic and a grammar,

sinceritytruth and the SalLouise man's Linton and voice; flexible the pleasant, and

is teachnow the mon assimplicity done much as had attributes not should of these value ing public speaking most polished oration could have at Washington be minimized. But, like frosting on

done. University, where

her husband, David a cake, they are desirable although

In the final analysis, making a W. Salmon, is alnot essential.

successful speech is a very simple so on the faculty.

Sister Salmon was There is no royal road to speech process. in church, active is a very Speech comcom- improvement. and

like of habits, plex combination Utah, and in Ogden, 1. Have something really worth munity speech activitiesschool,

sincerely thatwhile to say want left you school attend to until she 1936, when all habits habits, speech are hard dereceived California. an A.B. in She listeners.to to across your put

to start time to break. is now. The of University the from in English gree

Your message should always be California at Berkeley in 1938, and an Begin by accepting every opporan important one, and even the M.A. degree in speech and drama from

is that talk to tunity audience to an Stanford, at in 1939. Stanford While listener will readily recogcasual

assistantteaching held a Sister Salmon If to the offered you. you follow yournize that behind since teaching has in speech, been words ship and

is a life of unselfish and sincere then in various high schools and three three simple rules explained above, service. The respect that such quarters at Stanford University. you, too, can give a successful

experiences inspire is an important speech.

NOVEMBER 1949 717 The winter home of President Brigham Young in St.

George, Utah. From here came inspired words of

encouragement to pioneer colonizers to temper and strengthen their characters when their shoulders drooped from weariness and their heads were bowed with adversity.

to overcome. Pray for strength, then,

constantly, to be kind, honest, charitable; and each night let us pray for

forgiveness of the sins we have committed, repent and try harder the next day to do better.

There is an old saying, "There is nothing noble in being superior to some other man. The true nobility is

in being superior to your previous self."Without opposition there would

be no progress, for it is only as we overcome that we develop strength.

As the steel which is heated and quenched becomes much stronger and more valuable, as a result of that tempering, so do we become strongerZLYlJtSor REPENTANCE and more valuable as we overcome our what course we will, make it very hard sins,one hasbe histheytrialsgreatto orgo small.through,Eachand

to do what is right all the time. they all seem to be different. In the

God has given us commandments process of this tempering of the soul

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH and instructions and shown us the of man, we learn one great principle way, and it is for us to follow. He among many others; the need for reknows we will step aside at times, so pentance. It is this spirit of repentance

Address delivered at the Friday he has given us the law of repentance. the Lord requests as a prerequisite to

morning session of the 120th Repentance is not only sorrow for our baptism, that through the act of resemi-annual general confersins, but also turning aside and exertpentance man may start on the road ence September 30, 1949, ing ourselves to the utmost to make to perfection and receive baptism and in the Tabernacle retribution. the Holy Ghost. But repentance does

There are four kinds of people in not stop there. That is the beginning

progress; of as as is soon and repentance that the kind world. the There

is one in advantage being stops, stops. progress things are wrong, not doesThere when know

I called early. on assure can you things that the kind when knows If and are perfect, to become we must we I will this enjoy conference more care. not does There but are wrong constantly the overcome powers of I I before,than enjoyed have any and things is that kind the when knows evil. find evil the of powers on We I will that faith have yourhope and care, does but does and are wrong hand, every learn every day. to We Iprayers stand before while with me right. to them enough care make not in earliest childhood. combat them We I I assure because them.you need you that is kind fourth the there And are taught our to by do good is It sight inspiring to very a look are things and wrong evil. when knows are avoid and taught to Weparents it is thisover audience, also and a to intelligently them strives make distinguish to degree some between all feelingfrightening not see only to right. are Those right to them keep and evil. are taught good the and law Wethese people watching have and them progress. to people the f how know who repentance correcting things by responsibility, that sensing andme sins and of our aware be must that are teachings wrong Those by We time; using also butand adding your of repent every day father are mother and

it all listening, theto are people who if lives enduring, would our most and we Presidentas has Smith announced, is steel to tempered As great acmany perfection. men for strive the broadcastingthrough systems, and

their credit it success is stronger to and not Repentance make television.through one knows No teachings. early those big for some only the are so valuable, there are thousands there more manyhow

is Parents, there past for sin our or I I the assure sense responsibility you that souls men, we of us. challenge the to are sins before we I Iof the time use here and hope have

chilgive great is our learn also one Can we may baptized—it faith in prayers behalfyour and my right start the dren slip regretting every principle: the needin helping to things those for say which me

is life? alin There honand make we benefit.will of be repentance. challenge to the so striving estly to do It all the goal has of been are who

us. rest of the better. Canstriving to will the the of do Lord faithful true to dilive and his in to be has so wisdom Lord we Theto the of accomplish request the

to in righteousness given daylight teachings into time and the vided ourSavior in his Sermon on the Mount: more our parents? of each the darkness. Can we be us by dawning With

Be ye therefore perfect, even as your new day comes a new chance to imlike the "lonesome pine"seen so often

Father which is in heaven is perfect. (Matt. prove upon the mistakes of yesterday, on the uppermost levels of these5:48.) et us call upon the Lord for help. beautiful mountains of ours—this pine

very morning and throughout the which stands alone, bending and swayThis is rather a large order, is it day we should pray for strength to ing in the wind? These gallant timbers

not? It would seem almost impossible do his will. We need it, for it is are known to naturalists as "limber

to attain. We are only human. And the little, trivial daily trials that are the pine,"so named because of their recertainly, to err is human. The conhardest to bear serenely. It is siliency, which enables them to ride

flicting forces of good and evil in the the seeming little sins which we through the heavy storms that rage world, and our free agency to choose scarcely recognize that are the hardest {Concluded on page 754) 718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fruits of the Gospel

Carthage Jail, where the Prophet Joseph and his brother

Hyrum were martyred.

bring you greetings from my beloved colleague, Elder Thomas E.

I McKay. I stood at his bedside

early this morning and said, "Thomas, it is time to get up and go to conference."There is nothing in the

world he would rather have done, but he was unable to come. He asked

me to express his love to you and also his appreciation for the prayers anon g.%omneu &') in his behalf. offered haveyou He ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEfeels Father has that our Heavenly

heard your prayers.

I am very grateful for these conferences. They revive my soul. Every he said, Address delivered at the Friday

for attended yearsone I have has... my peace I give unto you. afternoonsemiannualsessiongeneralof theconfer120thlifted induced to renew up and me me

my determination to devote myself And then, by way of caution, it seems ence September 30, 1949, more fully to works of righteousness. to me, he added, in the Tabernacle

this the of importance tnem,During not as the world giveth, give I unto distractions s interests seems andworld you. 14:27.) (John

life's as Monday, the 24th, on leaving Nautrue values,to diminish, and got to the he paused they in whenset forth the gospel of Jesus Christ, later reemphasized this voo, he A little temple, admiration and looked with into plainer view.come in statement these words:

Does each of you find it so? I hope first on that, and then on the city,

I things you, unto have These spoken remarked, and take to do, and I encourageyou you in that the In peace. ye might have me available to opportunityevery renew is the best the loveliest place This and shall tribulation. world ye (John have to yourselfwithin a determination little the they heavens; people under do 16:33.)

obtain the full fruits of the gospel of know the trials that await them.

Jesus Christ. Convincing evidence of the truth

this setting, his In that knowing own this the of of saying peois life things earth over and When Master—that life force from him be taken would by this in suffering tribulation ple world in their true perspective,appear we

trials the violence viewing and and find in at the time could peace same clearlyshall realize see and more what visited suffering which and be would severe of the out most come rehisthe prophets have and Lord him—has said his followers, he beloved upon experiences. fruits us, told that the ofpeatedly the

gospel are the only objectives worthy I suppose that the last few days of to the company who were with him, of life's full efforts. Their possessor the Prophet's life were crowded with I am going like a lamb to the slaughter,

obtains true wealth—wealth in the about as much tribulation as any hubut I am calm as a summer's morning.

Lord's view of valman being could ues. conneed We

stantly to **}Tn me ye might have houndedendure. byHetraitors,was havingThis isat atheclassicsameexampletime tribulationof a personin deepen

in Christ. peace world and Many misthis understandings byour peace. In the world impeached in ancient others, both in modern and falseac-and guided and sharpen our

realization of what ye shall have tribulacusing associates, calltimes, have had similar experiences.

fruit gospel the of named The fruitsthe account, the of ed to gosprom- tion"life in the otherquotation—"eternal the inpel ised are. protection, and speaking to bis Apostles, (Jesus glorious a to be world then come"—must abandoned dehas Lord by The 16:33.) John that said thing, for "he has the Lord hisfined government. as That them

all the while he that hath eternal life is rich,"(D. & C.

... peace in this world, and eternal life knew he was approaching martyrdom 6:7) and that the "gift of eternal

in the world to come. (D. & C. 59:23.) is clear from the record. On the evenlife is the greatest of all the gifts of

ob- C. 14:7.) (D. God."who He & in ing of 22, Saturday, he wrote June isIt difficult bit define to a the "peace in it exaltation the will obtain tains an his journal:

in this in referred to world"the in celestial of Father our kingdom

I told that Stephen if I and Markhamrevelation. But assured be may we the of such Speaking Lord heaven.

ever taken should again be were Hyrum we it isthat the ease, luxury, not and things: other says, among I of prophet not or massacred, a was struggle envisionedfreedom from by

the world's Utopian dreamers. Jesus God. They are they who are the church of

Firstborn. the histold apostles that be it would the 23rd, he said to his On Sunday,

... into whose hands the Father has in theirfound them even by days of brother Hyrum, all things giventribulation.

If you go back, I will go with you, but They are they who are priests and

Peace I leave with you, we shall be butchered. (Continued on page 752)

NOVEMBER 1949 7\9 Address delivered at the Saturday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conference Octo- A Working Faith ber 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle

ing, no education in the light of what

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE wegiventodaya sacredcall education,record andwhotoldwasto translate it and that God would help sincerely trust, my brethren and are proud of it. As one views the him, it becomes one of the most

sisters, that what I may say may be welfare films which depict the marvechallenging things that we have in

I prompted by the inspiration of the lous growth of this agency in the Church history. Consider the fact

Lord. I repeat again what I have said Church, one cannot help sensing a that the Book of Mormon contains a

sometimes before, it is always an overdeep feeling of pride, gratitude for the vocabulary of over five thousand difwhelming thing for me to stand beblessings that we enjoy as Latterday ferent words (the Bible has a little fore you, and yet we Latterday Saints; that we belong to a Church over four thousand.) Think of the

Saints have so much in common that, that is practical; that when we pray magnitude of the task! The Lord

because of the vastness of our asfor the needy and those who may be expects his servants to work. He exsembly, we should not unnecessarily in want, we not only pray but we also pects us to work, and here he was

be disturbed; but somehow or other as do something about it. Our people teaching the Prophet Joseph something

one stands here, it is impossible to are a praying people. We should fundamental in this Church. When

overcome this feeling. be a praying people, the Pioneers came out here, these

I read something but we cannot acvalleys were not made to blossom as kneelpeople's merely example the rose the complish is by of much, that the other day my P striking to praying. had ing sisters, They brothers and and down encouraging. Someis where work work

it. exat least about Lord something that The has do been perthat said a one

is in the necessary found it, did they do something pected and experience, my by son's brain a was most marvelous mechanecdote about President just sitting or kneelabout it.

of reading statement a I remember that anism, it begins Brigham Young below:

after he had Hough, made Emerson one's at to work birth and never stops! visited southern Utah. When he saw

until one stands up and attempts to what had been accomplished in the speak in public. building of a canal on the Rio Virgin

it solid rock, a the was through I the appreciate remarks very much desert him. to challenge was The is someof Widtsoe. Brother There

rose. the literally as to blossom made religion, thing theology, our our about

it that learned and he saw when And it is practical, that of so course and called the job on been the had men so. necessarily must be Mormonism the bishop of through announcement an

is religion. practical a Indeed no request in day Sabbath a meeting—a is religion unless value of it has much their scrapers with for teams and men application. practical a mechanized no had and wagons—they us rather of winter Last a had some in those those machinery days—and experience.unusual coming were reWe their for responded and pay men

from the East on a train of luxury. ceived shares in the irrigation canal

We had left Chicago in the afternoon, when Emerson Hough saw all this having all the comforts that one could and learned the story, he said, "Only desire, in fact more than one needed a Mormon bishop could accomplish warmth, plenty of food; the train was such a thing."

almost a palace, and we were riding We are proud, my brothers and at ease, feeling so secure. The next sisters, that the Lord has established

morning we found ourselves in the this practice among us, and it is a throes of a blizzard, snowbound. That glorious privilege and a blessing for

night the heat was off in the train, and all of us that when we pray for those by the next morning there was no who are in need, we have something food. For some time it was too cold with which we can help the Lord to

to leave the train because of the inanswer our prayers. I do not want

tense blizzard. Later we found shelter to be misunderstood in this. I know

in some railroad houses where we had that the Lord can hear and answer some heat. The blizzard continued until our prayers, but he does not always

the third day when it eased enough so THE NAUVOO TEMPLE answer them in the way we would like that the railroad company could proto have them ancure planes from the Fort Warren, and ing down military base near Cheyenne, ing, and food and then doing prayQnce during a theologswered.them in hisHeway,answersand

could be brought in by airplanes. Even nothing about it. The ical discussion among in a way that gives

then we did not get much of it because Lord nevernever intended the brethren in Nauvoo's strength and charthe gale that severe that. the food was so acter people, to his most critical days, Presiscattered to the four winds.was But faith In the very begingives to them.

it brought home this realization: we ning of the Church, dent Brigham Young My father was a

may be secure today and yet suddenly the Prophet Joseph arose and said: "If you physician. I recall

in placed a positionbe of want. These had to work. time one going with The will excuse me, I shouldthings that can so suddenly happen it Lord gave him a task to to administer him

behooves us to be on our guard conthat was seemingly like to go and work on someone who was stantly, to be always in a position to insurmountable. He the temple."very ill, and I rememfollow those who counsel us as to revealed the sacred ber his counsel. After

what we should do in these important record, the Book of Mormon, and father had administered to this brother, matters. instructed him to translate it. When he gave him some advice saying:

We have been told of the great you recall the fact that here was "Now, you do these things, and they growth of the welfare plan, and we an unlearned youth with no school- (Continued on page 750) 720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Supreme lest of RELIGION

Q->u c=Levi (L*aaar UJoiAVia

PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Address delivered at the Friday child might pray and the Lord appearmorning session of the 120th ing to him. Using the words of the

semiannual general conferPsalmist, ence September 30, 1949, in the Tabernacle... grace is poured into thy lips, therefore, God hath blessed thee forever.

many respects the most majestic and (Psalms 45:2.)

that lived. people of sublime any ever the Savior. the Father Jesus With was

is their sacred foundation a to There the of the heard voice Joseph and God teachings. Latterday Saints beThe divine is words: "This Beloved my

lieve honestly that and know Adam at Son!"hand. day new was A sent to earth of from came God that heart he and From moment was

heaven. He held the priesthood of mind to the word of the Lord.

first the teacher of and became God divithe that day that He learned his to the descendants. gospel The

sions are of Christendom its most ideals divine as taught Father by the conspicuous chief the reproach and all sacred, of us held from and were inefficiency. of its cause present They that time the to of the days Messiah

inaffront enterprise a moral to the earth, the truths the of upon were God augurated conChrist and Jesus by in children. his hearts the planted of

stitute the limitation outstanding of his in book, Maeterlinck Maurice is progress. Christianity weakened unusual photo An of Kirtland Temple, taken that Secret, says what The Great we its

its from in facing divisions the an old apple orchard. problems by in oldest the archives of read wisdom

of class today, are which among of gives the us idea subonly a faint hatreds, antagonisms, blindness race to teachers. of the lime doctrines ancient

litjustice, lure social vicious the of texts, pure, the the the older more The I might wish say something to the narcotics, crimeinstigating erature, the doctrines are aweinspiring more missionaries of the that Church spirit in military the the of spread and reveal. an they be They may in helpful their be would in work I world. doctrines. of sublimer echo come teaching the gospel. In merelyWe sense, a broad

is religion test of supreme The the the prophets. to of age Says down are all missionaries holdwe the who perreligion revelation. can be No historian: noted a priesthood of are ever God. ready We it relies principle unless the suasive on to give life the eternal message of

of living revelation. of Church The it is fitting that should Malachi of because truth, the How beauty, and revelatory. Christ must be Jesus of the seal the Testament Old up bookgoodness the of divine of teachings

is its in the Christianity sense pure clear of statement such a prophecy by the Savior. faith, of find our Out we religion personality. of redeemed the the Lord, Messenger of the coming iseverything that holy and pure and

all righteousness, the of true the reveal the of Covenant, Son God, men While Iof report. this thinking good was

last the give thus carrier and completest of ofmorning the after Sabbath the day with prediction of him, revelation can be no arrival of the this pioneers in valley, beevangelists the,, whom, other than chosen a 1847. 24,July Divine services were I history. their gin gospel test SU HE personality. p remeheld, the people and in seated were a

of the the power By i Of is TCI ncircle in out the g i sagebrush, and of Munsterberg J Hugo Priesthood which Holy thenearby of were lovely waters a revelation, University Harvard received Smith Josephstream. Gratitude to exwas God in his wrote, Psycholestab- heaven, he from inpressed song prayer, and the and ogy Life, someand relationlished true our of Isaiahwords read were Apostle by thing of the past glory the of sacred this ship the to of grows Out God. Pratt, theOrson gave sermon: who records salvation true of immortal man—his

life. all to nations witness bear The is truth, There a beauty, a morality, a beautiful the upon mountains are How is that of of the need not a light man. is which independent of psychologicalthe feet that of bringeth him tidings, good to give the our world can word conditions. straightforward Every We man,that publisheth peace; that bringeth good that forces the are to which life make to duties the his real of are no whomtidings of that good, publisheth salvation;

it the the brass, to ought be world world sounding with speaks voice sound athat saith unto Zion, reigneth! Thy God

it. to the psychologist: are "There things are fellow within mismore now My lift shall watchmen the Thy voice; up

in earth are of than heaven in dreamt and are sionaries: to study more thewith together We voice shall sing: they for

they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord your philosophy."deeply and constantly the divine truths

Christ. the of gospelshall of Jesus bring Zion. again 52:7-8.) (Isaiah We in the the age have which We history of the the Church must know lived. Prophet Smith Joseph was He are of members. which must we We Saints their sung in greatest the The had character undoubtedly sacred the of priestthe meaning understand their during longhymns since of the the history journey. Savior days They of has which been given hood God their trials,had endured the reestablished the of the world. and more He

us. the to divine must know We suffered,they the principles their deeper of gospel divine of the was

gratitude to God. The missionaries Jesus Christ in the day in which we teachings of the Holy Bible, the Book

go forth to speak of these things, belive. We first see him in the woods on of Mormon, The Doctrine and Covecause the history of this people is in the frontier of America praying as a (Continued on page 748)

NOVEMBER 1949 721 Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conferFoundation ence October 2, 1949, in the Tabernacle

(ljiaJ J4ntome f\. %vm$

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Not very long ago, also, Prophet Joseph Smith. That is why

I sat at a banquet table we go to Christian people to teach next to one of our good the gospel, because at the time of the sisters. During the conProphet Joseph Smith there was not,

versation she told me of and there is not today, so far as I two teenage boys, brothunderstand, another Christian denomiers they were, who had nation which teaches the true personjust left the Church and ality of God. How can you worship

had become affiliated with really, honestly, and sincerely withanother. In explaining it out knowing it?

to her, they said, "The There is another foundation stone

Church of Jesus Christ that he was instrumental in bringing the Susquehanna Scene on River of last Saints Latterday to represented has us, which was

Saint history sacred in Latterday

It to offer nothing us."in the gathering of twelve evening

seems to me that that is thousand people on this block, and

Y brethren and sisters, I believe a strange thing for a young man born that is the priesthood of God. It is

extent the fullest to thus far ence of course believe I don't world. it, thing in the of a wordM'that I have enjoyed this conferin the Church to be able to say, and the greatest power, the most desirable

can. nervousthat a The man testithat it is is, I don't that believe true, in Tennessee one time, I was When

monies that have been given have been because it came perhaps out of the a good Methodist asked me if we wonderful, and we have heard much ignorance of those two boys as to thought we were the only people, to that is worthy of our remembrance the Church and its teachings. We which I replied that God loves all peoand reflection. It is my desire to bear have sung "How Firm a Foundation"ple and will reward them as they live.

truth of to the as is Iyou laid for us. my testimony believe of custodians the are, however, that We

if in Christ, and of Jesusthe gospel is of is peculiar foundation such a that nature priesthood his priesthood, and doing so, I can say any little thing and so thoroughly and deeply laid essential to the performance of the that will comfort any of us or give that any man or any woman who ordinances that he has set up as esus greater courage in living the gospel comes to understand it should acsential to our exaltation in his kingof Jesus Christ then cept it and appredom. Without it one cannot even be

I shall be happy. ciate it. Every man baptized into the Church. I hope

I will of friends are us worships that not as are should the long ago, our who custodians who Not W/e

I illusthe use ofoffended an he not the know leaving be when Godwas the Lord's of in letter I Holy worships. a fromfice, a tration that peo- I read Some met who a man

told me that he was Priesthood, and that ple who teach tell us young man who wrote from Barcelona, a prominent lecturer. priesthood is essential to that the glorious thing Spain, recently. He said, "I have

is the into realize that baptism that come to neverI have

I essential. believe of heard the performance of the menabout cannotGod underChurchhim, he alleged but God is

that he is a prominent ordinances that he has stand him; but Christ that the Catholic baptism is ineffective

lecturer. He had in set up.... Without it, said, "This is life and Protestant baptism is still worse."

I them. enmity towardhis have no a pamphlet, hand

that people to this only Tells show one cannot even be mighteternal,knowthatthee theythe Now,I say Smith"Joseph

His Own Story."He baptized into the only true God."do believe, as we do, that baptism is

said he was looking Church. (John 17:3.) He essential. It is set forth in the scripfor the best printed implies there, and I tures unequivocally, but it must be

picture of the Prophinfer, that it is posperformed by a man who holds the et Joseph Smith, for purposes of his sible to come to know God if we will corresponding priesthood to do it. So

own, of course. He was a man, worship him well; and the great thing, then, we have another reason for going

I presume, of Jewish faith, for as has already been intimated this to even Christian peoples with the he said he was a Jew. As he morning, that came back to us through message which we bear. That priestshowed me that picture, he made this the instrumentality of the Prophet hood brings us the privileges of our

remark: "Joseph Smith is not dead. Joseph Smith was the clear definition endowment in the temple. It brings

He is no more dead than Abraham and

Moses and Christ. His influence has

extended throughout the whole world. [*he priesthood brings us the privileges of our

It is felt I said, goes."one wherever endowment in the temple, of being sealed to"I is true,""I that he said, hope and

know it is true. I have been around our dear ones for time and all eternity, that our

and felt his influence."children may be born under the covenant and be

I am glad that I have faith in the ours for all eternity... than ivhich no greater

the story Smith andProphet Joseph blessing could ever be given to man. implicitly in us. I believethat he told

the gospel of Jesus Christ, as interpreted by the Church, and the prophets as to the personality of God and of us the privilege of being sealed to our who stand at its head. If I have any his Son, Jesus Christ. That is the wives for time and all eternity, that

doubts, it is only as to my ability to great and basic foundation stone, so our children may be born under the properly understand and properly far as my faith is concerned, and it covenant and be ours through eternity interpret that gospel in my life. came back to the world through the {Concluded on page 746)

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Friday morning session of the 120th semiannual general conference Sep-'tember 30, 1949, in the Tabernacle Delegation of Responsibility aojuxzveins OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

AM sure I never fully realize how much I need help until I actually

I arrive at this moment and this place, and I earnestly hope that I shall have it.

I should like to read as preface to the few remarks that I shall make, some verses from the eighteenth chapter of Exodus:

And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and

the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening.

And when Moses'father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people?

Why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?

And Moses said unto his father in law,

Because the people come unto me to enquire of God:

When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and

another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.

said unto in father law Moses'And in truth still is pressing a more communication which personto-person as is good. not doest thou that thing thehim, its rethe and as Church surely our effort day are concerned. As and thou, both away, surely wear wilt Thou sponsibilities grow. it apmust be this grows, as Church this for thee: is with that this peopleand of strength elements the great of sense greater that a One to everyone parent art not thee; thou for is too heavything

its is of activity the all this in rest Church with responsibility must of it alone. thyself to performable

Hearken now unto my voice, I will those who have membership in it and membership, the individual testimony give thee counsel, and God shall be with by that membership, therefore, have a and responsibility of every member in thee: Be thou for the people.... responsibility for it. it, in priesthood quorums and otherordinances deleof course, must, them teach shalt wise. thou And we And I previous attention one called on

the them shalt way responsibility. shew The laws, authority and and gateand of I the think, to number occasion, the work walk, and must trusted it they us; has to hewherein has done Lord to expect reasonably a man may do. must they that brethren trust our must us; and we alscriptural the that

all dayslive—assuming of out provide shalt in like manner. thou fellow Moreover men our and years ten score of three and lotment fear God, as such if men, able all but people mistakes,the shall make We If will us. of you granted each were and covetousness; hating truth, of his his patience andmen with the Lord paper pencil and and your out get of rulers to be them, over such place our endure long so can wisdom three hundred seventy multiply by rulers hundreds, of rulers andthousands, if stand faltering, can he fumbling and it total twentywill about sixtyfive, tens: of rulers fifties, and of as they children his watch and by that days, which means five thousand all at people the judge let them And surely salvation, their out own work with each if one to spend day were great every we that be, it shall and seasons: perthe to afford watch well can we twentyfive thousand bring shall theymatter of each as another of one formance people, our different every but thee, unto his out to own attempts work us this as gone. shall lives be would they surely matter As small for responsibility to take salvation and it indibe shall This would so judge:... grows, Church and a as whole of the Church the work thyself, and for of limit easier the cate

they shall bear the a greater sense of reshoour personal ability for the salvation of one another.

occasion I some one on remember thee. withburden all with time ivith rest spend to sibility must Brother George ago, Q. this when months shalt If do thou people. But individual memberhave those who the over preside to called comMorris was thing, and God ourextend can we farewell thou a then so, Mission, States thee that it Eastern mand in by ship and in other ways.

endure, to able for given shalt him being be testimonial was extending are therefore, membership, Weselves shall all this people of the and general boards of the one by today ourselves by their place responsibility to also a go for have pre- I. being was a book A. As M. television. For many in peace. Sister occasion, that to him on sented it. exyears have we hearkened Moses So it I believe was who Bennett Emily ourselves tended by his of voice the to offered presentation, the making was said. ourselves all that extend did had he radio. can in law, father and We didn't she because know apology some all 18:1324.) other means in print (Exodus and by particular that not he had or whether deleand communication by of mass they were his in book this in is library—but wisdom profound a There peoother to responsibility gating Presiit to anyway. him presenting delegathe concerning utterance early appointin personto-person ple. But I recall, her followed as Clark, dent responsibility of authority and of tion it, of out this in and Church ments I yet, facetiously (and somewhat and it evident be must Surely of work. and can is limit a to which a man there said, seriously) believe, somewhat there that person thinking every to the truth which First Presithe extend ask didn't you "Why himself—a matter no how time when, a comes

able or willing a man may be, he fatherin-law of Moses discovered and dency whether Brother Morris had cannot further extend himself so far expressed many centuries ago, and {Continued on page 744) 723 NOVEMBER 1949

Address delivered at the Saturday about me. We went down to see the

afternoon session of the 120th loveliest tulip beds in the world.

semiannual general conference Flowers were riot blooming in abunOctober 1, 1949, in the dance then, but here and there and in

Tabernacle the hothouses there were some fine specimens. An elderly Dutch gardener

arrived. out he came had saw when we

I that pray enjoy humbly may I held bulb he a remember up brown blessings Spirit the of of God. will said: prize "This winand be my

it is privilege high to a me I Tothe fair."at the ner

I this exaudience. stand before am All the husks were saw brown we grateful to tremely Heavenly my tulip the bulb, of he but beyond saw

I let that he Father. pray speak me may that. prize at the the bulb saw He

his word. fair. Holland

this to meeting over coming While neglect to you, your not I appeal do this quite afternoon, impresan I had in faith to them. youth but have duty

I sive to greatly me. incident happen tolike bulbs look brown may

I often grounds. these admire will prize chat Theyday, they winners but be

the the flowerswith make men who into are the marching tomorrow. They

I bloom. met agrow and Today greatest the greatest are world and

I I said: familiar brother. "Well,

in opinion, generation, that humble my are today."see working you

is seen. the ever has world That my Brother "Yes, Kirkham."

I I faith. that might wish only march

I tired? get see ever "Don't you of years. lad twelve with them be a and

I in the early here morning, andyou will with be and them Lord The night."late at seen herehave you magnificent. are strengthen them. They

I in tired awhile, yes, get once "Oh,

I left just seventyand a hundred have flowers, the the enjoybut and people in the five Northwestern of them the in at look awhile theyonce up

It thrilling to Mission. States wasspires."

their spirit their and catch hope and

I it into the heart to put love would of service the the their to devotion this inof every and man woman Lord. that not they weary. must growChurch village in Indian one the Zuni Out lives, in in private out your ownWay I runner the went followed day who

itservice of in the kingdom God, may the his to daily to give out ceremony at times that weary, but yoube be may hilltop sun. the the of he coming On

I testimony of because bear humble his chanted. forth arms and stretched

I the stakes seen throughoutwhat have vilthe return to started to he When in especially theof missionZion and

I said, to lage, him over and walked field, that with haveary you men whom this is morning. "It you cloudy Do patientlypatience with you and whom come?"always spires."the often to "lookwork, up is said, the sun "Oh, then he And

I at the Smithimpressed deeply was there."always

lastfield fine conference Sunday. A is it. is always sun "The That atreporting her wasyoung woman faith and have Let us know there."

at state convention. atendance One

is there. the always sun LOOK that twenty had younghundred and women

I like verse from one to read would instituto large of called our onebeen all parts of the state.tions from They UP Al THE TimothyFor God hath not given us the spirit of citizenship studying Americanwere

opportunities. At the stake conference fear; but of power, and of love, and of a

she was asked to make a report. She sound mind. (II Timothy 1:7.)

did so, and it was helpful and inspirThis thought I would like to suging. All at once I saw her grasp the SPIRES gest in connection with youth and in

pulpit, and with rare dignity she said connection with our own lives: There

to the audience: "I want to bear my are many things that will give us intestimony."spiration and guidance. It is astonishThen in beautifully chosen words, ing when you hear men frankly and

with deep humility, she declared her OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY freely bear their testimonies—when the

faith in God and her gratitude for her message came to their hearts, that was the the blessings to sheheritage, enjoyed. spoke for the Lord moment when to fear these do things. not need We We that will them. the I pray the with Lord many of I am sure to fear words need faith whether has in manof warning that have come to us durGod. quicken the best within us. We are

ing this conference, and as we do face likely to refer to it as conscience. I

a world of great uncertainty, so great, All my life I have labored with believe that men and women who live and so fraught with possible destrucyouth, in the outof-doors, largely. humbly and prayerfully may have withtion we are almost frightened to speak My humble illustrations come largely in themselves the blessing of the Spirit

about it at times, or they who know from that field. I know that deep of God, the gift of the Holy Ghost, a

most about it are silent, and yet, in within youth there is greatness. It is power that will guide them, protect

my humble thinking, I say, be un- a natural law that the Lord will prethem, reveal to them truth, give them afraid. If we are living as we should serve the right and the truth, and soon knowledge throughout their days, for

live, then there need be no fear. Our you and I will pass this on to the hands their own blessing and protection.

faith in God will give us strength, asof a great generation of youth. "Somehow we must get back to

surance, a sense of safety and security. I stood a few years ago with a God,"said a great American, "and

We need have no fear. group of youth in Holland where the that is very difficult for modern minds

One of our great American thinkers tulips grow. There were about a hunwho have lost simplicity."

has said: dred and fifty young American youth (Concluded on page 748)

"... God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and

of a sound mind."(II Timothy 1:7.)

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Testimony of Jesus Christ

je. brethren dear and uniertt wdton Jk A sisters, into as I look

THE SEVENTY OF THE OF FIRST COUNCIL this the faces of vastMy I feel congregation indeed very humble. I ask our Address delivered at the Saturday morning

Father in heaven if he session of the 120th semiannual genwill direct the things I eral conference October 1, 1949, say. in the Tabernacle

Whenever I hear the that there other from they be would no had come name sung, "I song that Know given presence the of under heaven whereby mankind God

I Lives,"RedeemerMy therefore, save could the and, be saved, of would name thrill throughout enmy Christ. that eternal to Savior a decree have have Jesus With

tire body. This morning forth, that in that going true they the order we know

I would like to bear testimight receive spiritual Church must bear that name throughmony to the divinity of life again. He also deout all ages.

CHRIST THE ChristJesus and point out great in atonefactors are that they would clared There two

Thorvaldsen highlights a few of his by in to given assignment the or the power to ment not have great mission. I know as break the bands of death the Savior. One was to break the

morning—andI know that II amam certainlystandingthoroughlyhere this theyand bringwouldabouthave resurrectionto have a Saviorand thatfor bandsimmortality,of deathi.e., andresurrection.give every manTheconvinced of that fact—that Jesus is that purpose also. As he explained other was to teach a gospel plan

the Christ, the Savior of the world, these things, he asked whom he should whereby if you and I and all other our Redeemer, our Lord, our Advocate send to be the Savior. Abraham saw mortals would render obedience, we

thewith receive immortality, Father, the not only of the Master plan that there of the would the midst stood one inof salvation, also into the this brought but of be back earth; would we Judge

in the council group grand in heaven inand, conjunction the of presence the with There would Father, God. we

he is our Lord, our God, and our King. "like unto God."That one answered receive exaltation along with him, sharsaid: me."* I, send and "Here am He ing his with Only our Father and read in revelation that modern We said to this that he would come down all the of Begotten type same SonJesus Christ and is our elder was

Father.brother,1 theWe "Firstborn"accept, as Latterdayunto the earth and give men their free agency thatglory,theypower,enjoy.honor, and happiness

Saints, the teachings of the prophets And they who keep their first estate shall Shortly after Adam and Eve became

... upon; be they time, beings, keep at that added and or mortal Jesus who effectto the that of Jesus Nazareth was

their shall estate second glory have his great Christ the mission as beganthe Only Begotten of the Eternal Son 6 added their for ever heads ever upon and of this world, as Savior a mediator flesh; inFather the therefore, the

revelation I referred to points back between the heavens and the earth, as to a previous birth, a birth in the and all the honor and the one to bring the spirit world. You and I were sons the glory should go gospel to mankind; in

and daughters of our Eternal Parents to the Father. e read in modernode other words, hein the spirit world. In fact, all the Abraham saw that W revelation that Jesus began his work to

Eternal Father in thispeople of world that the were very pleased was Christ was and is our bringatonement.aboutHe did theso Christ Jesus Firstfamily, and was the

born. with this one like elder brother, the "Firstby revealing to Father

said unto him and and Mother Adam Father. the born"unto his life During premortal Jesus that the plan send gospel he would EveChrist to rose status the of Godhood. him. that time he salvation. of At they As that time heAt to foreordained was be Christ, ordained "foreinto say veil mortality, Jesus passed had a had wethe this Savior of world. Father his for mission. him, great their ordained"minds, as been over the drawn privileged to in seeAbraham was

first great to the ordained be him be; predicted therehad Lord would Hevision the in council grand that heaven priest this fore, high earth they spiritually over gave and dead; had become prior held the to thiswas peopling of

i.e., priesthood. the the their unto of keys him forgot premortal they exearth, and he as the saw, Lord showed the the Begotten periences gave the gospel same Only doctrines and God andhim, the of "many noble great and that the enEternal Father he the banished presence power of were fromones."out: pointed Lord The

all to of the joyed, the spiritually alive do works power God. became They

for the Father. the with Father of the that and message they by applying

I will rulers. These make my that priesthood their after received Savior. named from During artham, thou of them; one thou... Abrawast Elohimhis relationIn the Begotten Son. period Only throughout Adam's and Old beforechosen thou born. 2 wast

it earth, this to called ship to be Testament days, was as Jesus was known at times to Jehovah. spoke He Adam

... tells Priesthood, after the the that Smith at us thatJoseph Holy Order the of from times s Eden. Garden At he of of the council God.grand the all Son of head the God first the to appeared man, and on council, called the the purGods and It mortals that bore other occasions sent angels among name to teach he down to presentpose plan a was whereby the time of to and Melof the father Abraham the eternal family humanhis children to into were mortal come chizedek. truths, until fulness of a the had Adamearth the have and experience of his told also Eternal Father The of Christ, just gospel Jesus the samemortality then return into the and o ot, *vthe fu*that l,,,hc bon 8,ijwo"ld 1 r. I iPlan a as Latterday Saints and as youoco,J nam tBbackpresence nof BEternal p,*t, Father ( rAGod. TT,-The after salvation he him Thereupon fulness the in enjoy of a gospel our his toexplained children that mortal

it f Christ. the gospc Jesus named dispensation. occasion, after onebeings spiritually On after be would dead j.n that eternal occasion decree on And been offer to had Adam commanded 1 D. 93:2122: 76:54. C. 67, of 71, 94, 102: forth the 77:11; & throne went from God

sacrifices, this particular88:5 event oc-

3:23 2Abraham Abraham 3:27 curred. To quote: 3Joseph Fielding *lbid., 26 Smith, Teachings of the Prophet

Joseph Smith, p. 348349 D. & C. 107:3 (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1949 725 A TESTIMONY OF JESUS CHRIST (Continued from preceding page) crucified. Three days later he rose teaching for doctrines the commandAnd after many days an angel of the from the grave, as the prophets had ments of men.

Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why foretold, thereby becoming the "first After this glorious vision had taken

dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord? fruits"of the resurrection. He broke place, and I might say that it was one

And Adam said unto him: I know not, the bands of death and not only made of the most glorious manifestations

save the Lord commanded me. it possible for all men to be resurrected, that has ever happened here upon this

And then the angel spake, saying: This but he also made it absolutely necesearth, Jesus of Nazareth continued to

thing is a similitude of the sacrifice of the sary. No matter how righteous peofunction in accordance with his apof Begotten the Only is Father, which in ple live of mortality here the or as matter Savior no pointment mankind

full truth. of grace and live, several to the they man, appearing wicked every Prophet how by

all Wherefore, thou in do thou doest is child great also sending promised times and and immorwoman, by the of the Son, shalt name thou repent and i.e., this tality, resurrection. lived must upon had They who otherangels—men call in and the upon of the God name Son the forth to the give grave stand in the from earth and come forevermore.7 past—to

before the seat of Jesus Christ to be Prophet Joseph Smith all the keys and

Shortly after that event occurred, the judged for the actions they committed powers and authority that had been voice of the Lord came to Adam, as while they lived here on this earth. enjoyed in other dispensations. Reveis recorded in The Pearl of Great As Brother Benson very beautifully lation after revelation came to the

Price, and told him that in the pointed out yesterday, while Christ Prophet Joseph Smith until the fulMeridian of Time that his Only Begotwas here living among mortals, he ness came, as had been predicted.

ten would come into the world, would organized a church. It became a On one of these occasions when Joseph

live and teach man how to live, would great church, especially in numbers. Smith had the privilege of seeing a

die and break the bands of death, and But, as Brother Benson pointed out, vision, the great revelation known as bring about the atonement. And then as time passed this church dropped in- "The Vision,"or "The Degrees of

the voice of God pointed out to Adam to darkness. Thousands and thouGlory,"Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigthat the name of his Only Begotten sands of pagans joined this church, and don looked into the three degrees of

would be they brought into it their pet pagan glory and also into perdition and repractices, ideas, and doctrines, which corded some of the things that are... Jesus Christ, the only name which shall were manmade and many of which there. I would like to read a few

testimony: Joseph's given from underbe heaven, words whereby mingled quite crude. they Thus were salvation8shall the to children of come men. that the the teachings with paganism these meditated upon while we And

adulterating given, thereby Savior had of our the eyes touched the things, Lord in in the beginning,Therefore even the result the Christianity. was The opened, and they were understandings andfirst dispensation of gospel, that the as the of bringing about what is known about. shone round of the Lord glory the

eternal that forth decree thesame went the Savior Naturally apostasy. great of the glory Son, the beheld we Andname of Jesus Christ would be the one could not accept that adulterated the right hand of the Father, and receivedon

whereby you and I could expect salvachurch as his. Thereupon he withdrew of his fulness;

tion, or even more than that, exaltation his Holy Priesthood, leaving the world And saw the holy angels, and them who in the kingdom of God. to grope in darkness for hundreds and are sanctified before his throne, worshiphundreds of years. ing God, and the Lamb, who worship him

ever. forever and of the Following days Jesus Adam, prophets looked down had But the

testimonies the after many now, And to continued the serveChrist as mediatime the stream and had of through is this of him, given been have whichtor the the heavens and between latter in the that predicted days God all, of give last of which testimony, the we theearth revealing to gospel by to his again forth stretch hand the would lives! he him: That during the various prophetsnumerous earth; the the gospel the upon restore right the hand him, even on saw For we dispensations.gospel number a On Disthe as gospel dispensation known bearing voice the heard of and God; we

of to he occasions even appeared some the Times, of the Fulness of pensation is of Begotten the that Only he record of the great prophets. day when all the ordinances, princithe FatherFinally, as the holy prophets had ples and doctrines, powers and priestThat by him. and through him, and of

predicted in the Meridian of Time hoods that had been in the world from him, the worlds are and were created, and are this into thereof inhabitants cameJesus Christ prethe restored beginning, be world. the would 9 begotten sons

daughters unto God. Saints the and doctrine acceptLatterday of the Lord. to the coming paratory

literally actually thethat he and was I as testimony, have solemn bear forlooking Saints are Latterday flesh, in the the heir ofSon, God restoration that that today, here others the predicted as the day, to by ward of the Father.Eternal born was He hundred approximately a place took shall Christ prophets, Jesus come when the onlyVirgin Mary. was man He It that memorable ago. years on began as the of reign earth to the Lord upon life this intoin mortality born was who the in 1820 spring when morning are kings. of the lords King and We Iof the Father. Eternal have As the into Smith went Prophet Joseph this the to day looking forward when I all stated, sons arealready you and to In answer pray. to Sacred Grove its of shall cleansed wickedearth be spirit in of the daughtersand God Father Eternal the prayer, that God shall prevail, righteousness ness, when birth, Christ's being butworld, mortal appeared Begotten his Son Only and in shall children born be and when ofactually the gave him God, Son glory. their in that boyprophet to will without up righteousness grow andthat of godliness extra to needed power the to pointed and Son Father live, The shall sin. that they rear time At In the other world. of Savior thebe is Sor. ''This said, Beloved Heat children, their they My become and when being the Begottenwords, gave Only Christ again Jesus him!"Thereupon tree mortality of from pass the a age the to to the break one behim power the rightful as his Mediator place took in twinkling the of into immortality an endeath. of hebands Thus was as mankind, Father the and between eye. the Father withwith by powerdowed conversing this world, of the by Savior the of the coming of second time At lifein death. Also, himself over and telling him Smith and by with Joseph reign the to earth Christ upon Jesus is perfect the ever onlyhe man who the not upon that true the was Church great "the the the as and Lord Godlived, the us showing whereby way 10 if right the lived that he earth and will the of dreadful Lord"day and I if perfect might and becomeyou we life, chosen of and been had he kind It for great will place. a be take day hiswill example. follow in instrument the to foreordained be for dreadful righteous a the day and living thirtythree of that years After that of through which the hands God predicted prophets the wicked. The life, of perfect three of yearstype established. Christ be would Church "shall the earth that at that burn day to intensive misdevotedwhich were the ministers that told also Joseph 777) page (Concluded on thesionary of Galilee work, was Man near the ("professors") world of drew

'Moses 5:6-8 to God with their lips but their hearts Ibid.,9D. & C.2:1-3;76:192476:54, 67, 71, 94, 102; 77:11;

8lbid.. 6:52 were far from him; and that they were 93:2122

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JtL RESTORATION Jke e65aaef Address delivered at the Saturday Bu 8mc 12. WlcCodi

session morning of the 120th OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY semiannual general conference October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle in this life, and the eternal life that have become corrupted,... they have

God has promised the Saints in the all gone astray save it be a few, who are the Holy Ghost will give me utworld to come. the humble followers of Christ; never-

I like should to say some IF terance, theless, led, inthey are that in many this to carry message we want Now things to about I think you stances they how err because do they are to in the that the the world Lord way the restoration the of message taught by the precepts of men. (2 Nephi to us carry can wants to want it. We carried to 28:12, 14.) thebe world with power truth the in purity preach in perand

effect.and it fection, in to the and the do way

interest in is, first, teaching have no This message by foremost, We it done. single only wants and Lord The

all learning or things according other wisdomabove Christ Jesus is the formula this whereby do we may is to the precepts of the to men. the of son Living: that want that God; orWe live for to us so in elders (and our

the gospel teach the thehe is the Savior of the Lord way world and fields live) the that to mission so we it, it us teach have to wouldthe and do that of men; Redeemer salvation the guided Ghost. can be by Holy We the influence the under of and power Spirit. to the guided must be by We If that, will Ghost. Holy do we we tell to the us have have Lord he how

wants us to teach the message of the will teach sound doctrine. It will be

restoration, and every doctrine of the the truth. It will build faith and increase righteousness in the hearts of

men, and they will be led along that path which leads to the celestial world.

But if we teach without the Spirit of the Lord, if we are not guided by the Holy Ghost, we will be teaching at our peril. It is a serious thing to

teach false doctrine, to teach that which is not true, to teach that which does not build faith in the hearts of men.

In that same sermon on latterday church conditions, Nephi said, the

Holy Ghost giving him utterance,

... and all those who preach false doctrines,... wo, wo, wo be unto them, saith

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH the Lord God Almighty, for they shall be thrust down to hell! (2 Nephi 28:15.)

is salvation There no hope and no is is andwas to and in and in blessing and carrying no any meshisthrough only. name believe come,We to the sage the world by of man. power intothat he the came to world the do

will of his Father and work out the The philosophies of the world and the of the shall perish. wise wisdominfinite We eternal and atonement, and

the cannot touch hearts but of men, virtuethat by of this all atonement the can, will Lord and he touch them believemen who and the obey gospel if ministry through our the have we willlaws raised be in immortality unSpirit of in the hearts. our Lord life.to It eternal is We only by obedience

if will that Spirit get are righteous we histo laws his and ordinances that—Photograph living by Fellowcrafts'Studio in in our things the do. and we gain celestial the maywe kingdom. THE SACRED GROVE

it is so that the said And Lord by is, This message secondly, that revelation the to whole through Church is Smith,Joseph the Jr., chosen prophet

the Prophet Smith, that Josephthrough the fulness the whom of everwill he and revelado this bylasting gospel has been restored in gospel, the Spirit shall be given unto you by tion if the from are Holy Ghostthis we dispensation. chosen was He by the of faith;... prayer and receive not if ye it. to worthy receiveChrist to the be restorer revealer and the Spirit shall teach. not ye (D. C. & of chief the differences One between allof things necessary for the salvation 42:14.)

and exaltation of man; he gave again us and the churches which are built

up, is the not unto and that Lord, earthon every law, principle, every it so is that his he has sent And if gives us utterance Holy Ghost doctrineand every conformity by to the in this elders out that day commanding faithful, are that but the people wewhich gain the may we kingdom of take they thought no beforehand what in the their learning, teach world withGod. they but instructing should that say

the and deny Ghost, Holy which is, they in their treasure should This thirdly, up message minds that this giveth utterance.

life. continually of the ofChurch Theirs words Christ of Jesus Latterday revealed to Holy Ghost The Nephi is is, it the then that shallSaints this at promise be the moment, only latterday about conditions. church in given the livingtrue that them very hour and Church the face of upon

this of foreSpeaking very day Nephi portion Itthe is should to earth. which meted be every whole the only place that told "false teach would and many man. life the planwhere of salvation and foolish vain doctrines."said and Heis is found. other There no path If and the as have can Holy Ghost we that

other striveno whereby can shall way men guide, to able our be touch we and gain the peace and happiness that Because of pride, and because of false the hearts of righteous men; we shall

is available for those who live right teachers, and false doctrine, their churches (Concluded on following page)

NOVEMBER 1949 727 THE MESSAGE OF THE RESTORATION (Concluded from preceding page) dom, than we could gain from any the Book of Mormon was the most other source. correct of any book on earth and the

the that things us wantsdo the Lord religion, that of a our and that not not keystone does This do mean we this willto do; give course us and abidnearer get to by would God man all Bible. accept the our with do We here eternal herepeace and reward its other than ing precepts any by spirittry hearts, to not and do weafter. book. its ualize teachings. believe away We this principle, associated with Now, is it it thing the that far the to very of as as be we word God Why,this perfect only plan for formula and the is all correctly. to do. translated believe the want world want We Wecarrying is to the our world, message that the that hear revealed, message revehas people every and we who Godanother. said to the Lord ProphThe that is strictlation in the get to near to so to given Lord Smith bear Joseph

et Smith: Joseph rewill humility contrition in they est revelation with every and harmony

given through any prophet in any age. pent of their sins, come in at the gate

... this generation shall have my word Truth is always the same; revelations of baptism, and grow in faith and in

through you. (D. & C. 5:10.) never contradict each other. But there righteousness until they become the

is no salvation in reading the Bible sons of God, heirs to his eternal kingNow, I take it that we are not and stopping there. People must find dom.

obligated the to teach of salvamessage living oracle, administrator, a a legal are Saints the Latterday As far as revealed to Peter, it wastion the way bind someone who can if read and they on earth and concerned, would

James, and John, to Moses, or Adam, seal in heaven, someone whose teachstudy that book, with the same real or any of the ancient prophets, but ings and performances will be recogintent, purpose, and faith in Christ of that the us to carry wants Lord this nized the Lord. that is where by And disthey spoke, would which Moroni

themessage given through it was way living present Smith and the Joseph in their faith cover that grow would the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is the oracles come in. hearts. They would get a knowledge

of salvationsame message as it now of salvation. of the principles carry the message They So may that we

then. gospel neverwas changes. The of righteousness to salvation the of have desires world in this would

All ever gain salvation will men who in souls. their they Smith, generation Soon through up Joseph we spring

to the obediencewin eternal it by same inclination or any tools certain not given have any would have had us. The

it inlaws. But each to age has be to be desire except or chief aim is the of these any of Mormon. Book

accepted from the oracles whom the That book is a witness for Jesus harmony with all of their brethren,in

Lord sends for that age and time. Christ. Such is its chief purpose. It with their bishops and stake presidents,

Joseph Smith was given the 'keys of testifies of him, and it teaches the and with every righteous person in salvation as pertaining to all men who doctrines of his gospel in plainness and the kingdom.

live in the Dispensation of the Fulness purity, and let it not be forgotten that If you get the spirit of the Book of of Times. That means that he stands our chief mission is to bear testimony Mormon, you cannot be out of

at the head of this dispensation. It of Christ and teach the doctrines of his harmony with the Lord's work and

means that under Adam, the great high gospel. with his mind and will in this day.

priest all at stands the of head who is the of Next, a witBook Mormon testibrethren have these who Withdispensations, Christ under and who is that ness a prophet Smith Joseph I fied, in knowledge a have my heartis the of the Savior world, directs he fulness that the of restored he God, is real that and assurance an andall affairs the in the of as world God of the everything gospel and was we is this that certain positive work and thispertaining to dispensation. to been. claim have him man No I just as well true. as I know know

When we link the name of Joseph could have written the Book of Moranything in this world that Jesus Christ

Smith with the name of Jesus Christ mon, and any person who will study is the Son of God and that Joseph in the testimonies we bear, we are it with a sincere heart, with real inSmith is his chiefest prophet and his doing that which is pleasing to the tent, having faith in Christ, following chiefest witness for this dispensation.

IfLord. lived in will ancient had counsel, the witness get we Moroni's strait gate that must where men At the attendedIsrael and had his testimony in that heart obtained Smith Joseph

if celestial attain world, enter they the that held,meetings they in plates that the exactly from have would book we of the gate keeper there a stands wholinked the of the in said the with got name he he Moses which manner Israel. it. is the emof Holy One He of Christ, usingname the Jesus of he because So, Book by Mormon there. servant ployeth no

if that dispensation.headed to carry world, the to message our And we

had lived in Enoch's day or Abraham's we carry forth the testimony of Christ... and there is none other way save it

or Adam's, we would have testified and of Joseph Smith. If those to whom be by the gate; for he cannot be deceived,

of Christ and the man who stood at we preach have righteousness in their for the Lord God is his name. (2 Nephi

the head of that particular dispensahearts, they soon receive by the power 9:41.)

tion. of the Holy Ghost the knowledge that

But to us the word of the Lord is Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the But those who receive the servants sent forth through Joseph Smith. It Living God; they soon get by revelaof the Lord receive him, and he in

has been given through him in the tion from the Holy Ghost the knowlturn receives them because they remanner and form, to the degree, and edge that Joseph Smith is his prophet ceived his servants. And as pertainin the plainness that is adapted to the and the head of his work for this age ing to people who lived in this dispencapacity and abilities of people who and dispensation. sation, when the judgment is set and

now live in the world. Some of the Then, because the Lord giveth not the books are opened, they will find

ancient scriptures are not so plain and his Spirit by portions, and because they that the Prophet Joseph Smith will be intelligible to us as the modern. They have tasted of the power and inspiraseated on the right hand of Christ, and

were written for people who had the tion of the Holy Ghost in these two it will be with his approval and his social conditions, the philosophies, and particulars, they will get, also by approbation and his counsel and his the backgrounds that existed generarevelation from the same source, the consent that all men from his dispensations and milleniums ago. What we knowledge that this Church, this kingtion who attain salvation will be perhave, as it has come through Joseph dom, is the only true and living Church mitted to inherit it.

Smith, is adapted to our intelligence upon the face of the whole earth. I glory in the testimony that I have.

and our capacity. If we shall study it These three things are the very ones I know that this work is true and

in preference to anything else, we shall we want to get all the righteous everythat this is the Lord's Church. I pray

have more light, more truth, and more where to accept, and the Book of Morthat the work may roll forth and that understanding of the mind and will of mon is the means whereby we may the Lord's purposes may prevail in the Lord, and the things that we have accomplish it. the earth. In the name of Jesus Christ.

to do in order to be saved in his kingThe Prophet Joseph Smith said that Amen.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said to President Grant in substance:

"I cannot accept your Book of Mormon because it is full of lies,"and Fulfilment of then he went on to talk about the fact that the Book of Mormon said that the former inhabitants of this land were experienced and trained in PROPHECY the use of cement. He said, "Everybody knows that is a lie. Cement is

product."a modern Dm <JLe Cjrand /\lchardd Grant, having a testimony President

PRESIDING BISHOP that the Book of Mormon was true, said: "If my children do not live to

did that fact they the vindicated see that Babylon declared Isaiah had Friday the at delivered Address proficient were and cement with build it should that and destroyed should be 120th the session of afternoon live will grandchildren its use, in my it should become rebuilt, that never be confergeneral semiannual to himself lived it."he see to And animals, wild reptiles and of the home 1949, 30, September ence great cement those uncovered see more no should the Arab that and in the Tabernacle buildings down cement and highways one no there. Today tent his pitch vindiAmerica, South and Central in greatest the that declare dare would in the the words of truth the cating should if destroyed, world, in the city to very happy been have would Joseph would of Mormon. How Book the Babylon, rebuilt; but be never Cowley. to Elder time give things my such write to dared have Smith has its never time, city of greatest all listened I could have sure we in 1830 am published the wasI book when not have the Arabs rebuilt; been exhis wonderful to hour it?another of author the if been had he its because there tents their pitched the enjoyed and awayperiences constatements the of wild another reptiles full of And are ruins I love us. to brings homespirit he which of Mormon the in Book tained 1-1-and b-jy-t*. Havens did friend is it doctor Grant's rebuilt, and President fi-J. be would decreed, whileSraj it is I the most life. think all*it my apthe Savior where believe was not built. being now world. all the in thingKwonderful America of land in the here peared assignment whose Kimball Brother miracles greatest the of one the me, resurrection, and To his following President that said Indians, the is with been has produced ever hasthe world heard voice his was that says account the of - that Woodruff *p**- indicated-—theine of01 thetne woraswords ofor said: fulfilmenttulhlmentthethe this doctor Jim.nall land, and the all over prophecy latterday of gathering the in forprophets true, is no not that know "You was understand and believe to for him in *dtX here establishment ourIsrael and few thana carry more a"can voice man's the Lord concerning how prophecy the this mountains; these of tops feet,"the and hundred of all fulfil would this on stands that temple asbeautiful today, we yet tt with promises his your our valleys, accept fertile and cannot thisblock, our Tabfrom speak In- I the to respect said he the for Lord presence, voice the ernacle,very beMormon Book yet of when dians, and of Israel, speaking unto for married out is goingwas the the a lies"work see is it full we cause of Israel,latterday thouand thousands is underChurch the with miles, so graduate of college sands city, of.. a. and I one will take today, you taking and lived have today we to said I will bring doctor simifamily, degree and of a response, of twoand the of truth the see to to to Zion:you in a lar way Grant. Heber President J. substatement that according pastors I give will you And Brother Cowwhat the that states stantiated. book with "The shall feed you heart, whichto mine reported just has ley

knowledge and understanding. (Jeremiah from the islands, former inhabitants of this There is another

the in3:1415.) statement uneasily can use the in skilled we were land of Mormon Book the how derstand for which is reason the that And continued. he cement"judgin that, of my fulfil in will Lord confergreat this in gathered arewe could is ment, no man that knows the "Everybody of sense every so might be that today, here weence at the made have promises the is lie. word a modern a Cement of the time Book great this to made attending a of privilege the hadfed.We product"pubwas Mormon house the of branch ago a in week temple themeeting delished, with any Israel. of AuthoriGeneral the tellingyesterday—all he that was assurance of gree President recall us of how Some conference, this to in is statement the that truth, pulpit, and the this inties—preparatory here standing Grant, in bearing brethren, the of oneand the to respect with Nephi graduSecond friend his tell of who to used that as a boy indicatedhis testimony, page) following on {Continued he doctor, and as college a from ated the about talked his brother andhe

prophecies, and he said in substance, "If I ever live to see the Jews gathered back to Jerusalem, then I will know that the prophets knew what they were talking about."

Well, today, that is an obvious commonplace. We know, notwithstanding

the fact that Jesus said that not one stone should be left upon another of their great temple, that that land should be plowed as an acre, and that they should be scattered, as the prophets indicated, among all nations and become a hiss and a byword, nevertheless the promise of the Lord was upon that land that it should be rebuilt, and that they should be gathered again and that it should become a great city.

Compare that for a moment with the found fay archeologists among Isaiah Teotihuacan of at Son Juan prophecy in museum blocks with respect to the Cement

Americas. of the civilization of a vanished the ruins of Babylon. great city

NOVEMBER 1949 FULFILMENT OF PROPHECY (Continued from preceding page) persecute us before our time, O Jesus, his net, and he is trying to do it with work of the devil. I want to read a thou Son of the Most High?"(See our young people.

few words from the 28th. Chapter of Mark, 5:7-13.) I would like to read a few words

Second Nephi: And then you remember the converfrom an article that appeared in one

sation that ensued and how the Savior of our recent magazines to show how

For the kingdom of the devil must shake, cast him out, and he asked his name, the devil, whispering in their ears, and they which belong to it must needs and he said: "Legion,"because many tries to lead men and women away and

be stirred up unto repentance, or the devil spirits had entered into the body of ensnare them in his net, as Nephi will grasp them with his everlasting chains, this man, and at their request, Jesus says.

stirred anger, to they beand up and of bodies to the enter permitted them first the the I will of paragraph readperish; off into the ran the swine, swine and article entitled "Is Chastity Outthat shall behold, at For he day river the drowned. and were moded?"in therage hearts of the children of men, I relate like to experience an would

stir to that anger, against them upand of missionary comwith I had two my talk with unsex about an is Today we good.which

in Holland. panions Amsterdam, We that frankness embarrassed have would lull will pacify, others he and And dinner. into for went The a home filled with grandparents our amazement into security, that carnal theythem away

will say: All is well in Zion; yea, Zion mother was not a member of the and horror. This new liberty in speech

were. daughter her son and Church; its in In behavior. counterpart has all is manyprospereth, the devil thus well—and

restraints in traditional meal, her the circles our consex I asked souls As we finished leadethcheateth their and them away carefully down to hell. how it was she had never joined the duct are considered stuffy and out of

And behold, others he flattereth away, Church. "Well,"she said, "Presidfashion. Chastity, say many modern peoand telleth them there is no hell; and he dent Richards"(I was then president ple, is outmoded. ( Woman's Home Comsaith unto them: I am no devil, for of the mission), "I find it too hard to panion, Sept. 1949.)

is inthere thus whispereth he and I live. just could the not keep none—Word

devil, in the thetheir could until ears, world his grasps with he them What of Wisdom."

is all chains, there desire righteousness, ofawful from whence the no enemy I that the to explain to her began (IIdeliverance. 28:1922.) Nephi people to than our young make more the give us did of not W'ord Lord Wisis chastity that think outmoded? To of to that anything us deprive dom I if there Christian doubt a was this, accomplish he must them make to that or ought have good was we all in theminister world would who is devil, that there believe no and for the against protect to us but us at there devil said thehave no was is hell or day. there judgment Thus no that elements destructive would of thetime pubBook was Mormon until in their ears, whispereth he "he vitality bodies, the of destroy our and in yetlished a 1830, quesand when chains, his grasps with awful them spirit that of possession took a with sent thetionnaire out Northby was is deliverance."there from no whence her, instead lovely sweet, the of and Religion University ofwestern School I another to from quote want Now roll to she that she soul began was,

five toin Christian hundred 1934 article entitled recent magazine "The at in looked eyes and her up and me fiftyfiveministers, the of hundred, tells article of a This boy Mistake."I sneering voice ever the have most percent, orfour hundred and two girl the mistake a and made who life, in said: in addressed been my is said: of them,seventy no "There their high graduation night of from are you?""Who percent, Thirtynine ordevil."one school, followed mistake which by was I "I the of replied: servant a am ninetyfive, said there andhundred I of birth the a baby. to read want Lord."eighty day; judgment and no bewould last article that of paragraph the which to her daughter she turned and Then that teaching topercent opposed were in their Satan whispered shows how are said: you?"who "And burning.hell of place a was that everything could ears covered be "I the daughter answered: She am rid just If get of could the world their they up, but through found how the house."of

it difdevil, a probably bethe would this true, that experience not was own again to and she turned me Then little realizeferent world. They how lies. is all father the of he because question, the and asked same when

is being influence his and powermuch

I I of the servant that replied a was felt, Isaiah: of for, darling, for the in sorry, everything.""I'm words He

if are said: a she "So, you Lord,

it said, in tobe,""we're he his exalt throne "Don't that hedecreed would

I noththen of the servant have Lord it we'll gether, get of together."out and that of stars he would the God,above ing here."to do upstairs, later after long he But was like High. the unto Mostbecome

I called that companions. With my street after the asleep, long house and of history the Revelator, the sawJohn, laid head. her our upon hands quiet, her outside turned Janet head were We its beginning,this from when world spirits. evil the comrebuked stifle in the face pillow to buried her and We We in he heaven,there and saw war was

it her to depart and the the from sobs made. them sound Because manded of hosts third of the a withSatan true, fell said, that people the as wasn't she limp on had house, you that and this earth, and upon castheaven down it. for could mistake a and make pay in the floor. bed, carried You her on We the deceive should that hehe saw mistake settled a then and down, made you in short drink, her a giving after a and world.whole live to she as doing, were and with Ken self again. natural her she time was out, leave very not does many This it all life. rest for the of your told that her us mother daughter The tobrethren the listening to afterand to father America some had come and very I that realize be must in article the weday read an newspaper we previous, they somehad years and

if deto going be not arecareful close the indicating the at of war, that we here, spiritualism and with to thing do of the in the Bookceived, words and in thirteen there thouwere Germany spirits the and said: come she "Now

illegitimateof sand babies fathers Mormon: whose in night, knocking the on her annoy

boys! American were sleep."until cannot she wall until their ears, he the in whispereth... he that believe eternal in the you in Do friend another The had chains, We his from awful with themgrasps

will those to worlds ever boys able be tell because in us that Holland Hague (Idem.) deliverance. there is nowhence

forgive themselves for having brought spiritualin himself interested he had daughters sons and world—withat night to bed ism, if he went the experience the remember You

their flesh and literally own spirits whom the would out praying, the out in went intoblood—forthis had when heSavior

wilderness and found a man possessed lift him out of his bed and make him they have never claimed fatherhood of the devil. No one needed to introkneel down and pray. and for whom they have never disduce the Savior because they had There is not time to discuss this charged their duty as fathers? We

known each other in the spirit world; matter further, but I want to tell you should remember the words of the

since Satan brought with him the that there is a spirit of the evil one Prophet Alma to his son Corianton, knowledge he had there, he said in in this world and he is trying to destroy and teach them to our children:

substance: "Why hast thou come to the souls of men and gather them into (Concluded on page 777)

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the 120th semiannual general conference October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle

terrible struggle that the written solemn word given by them for the maintenance of peace in the form of treaties was but scraps of paper.

Before World War II, the leaders of Europe got together, and finally

Chamberlain of Great Britain returned to his people indicating that there would be peace in his time. But he

had hardly returned to his countrymen when the guarantees, the promises and the words of honor that were given by the leaders of men, were cast aside, and one of the greatest and one of the bloodiest wars in all history was fought.

Salvation of the world depends upon a revival of the cardinal principles of honesty. It must become the foundation for all negotiations between nations wherein diplomatic trickery and

doubletalk are to be eliminated and cast aside. Other than this, World

War III will become a holocaust involving the destruction of civilian populations as well as armed forces.

Honesty cannot become a national,—Photogrnnh by James E. Asper a worldwide virtue, unless it becomes

AN UNUSUAL VIEW OF THE STATE CAPITOL BUILDING a primal part of the thinking, the actions, and the character of the individual. We have some shining

examples of individual honesty. I

think of one pioneer grandmother who HONESTY was upon her deathbed. She seemed

to be reflecting over the events of her %5i4 /To5eph <=.. Wirthli herlife, sideand andfinallysaid:she"Icalledam stillher insondebt.to

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC I owe the dairyman up the street five cents."Of course the dairyman was imme, my brethren and sisters, this Richard C. Cabot of Harvard Univermediately paid, but in the thinking of

obligation grandmother, an this pioneer existcontinued declared: has great been a sity conferenceTO as important just as five cents or of nation, was Spirit feast. spiritual of the The of any group—tribe,"The several of if it an obligation been of had dominance the rich abundance, here in has beenLord enceindustry—implies

and I am sure all of us have partaken honesty as a cohesive force between thousand dollars.

of that fine sweet spirit of assurance, them."I think of Jacob of old who had sent

and I trust that the moment or two The first murder in the history of his sons to the land of Egypt to that I occupy, I might enjoy the spirit the human family was a result of a purchase grain. The sacks of grain

of the Lord. dishonest act. Two young men took were returned and in the mouth of

was found. the Lord. Abel preeach sack the money offerings to their facing a disintegrating We are to imJacob wanted the Lord sented are darkworld. days. Some These

the firstlings past, such with of the nations theof great of T-Jonesty cannot become pressof Egyptupon thethatrulerhe the flock. Cain preBritain, France, and Japan,as Great

others, find themselves in spiritual sented to the Lord a national, a worldwas an honest man, rehis sons so and of look the products bankruptcy. temporaland it beunless We virtue, the wide double with turned field, see, nabut they were the southto what and do we the a primal part of comes the of the amount In best. Abel's revolution. not the of the throes intions

the Orient, communism and famine offering was rethinking, the actions, and cost of the grain.

of We think in ceived the land; stalkingare over and by the

Lincoln, Lord. the character of the indiAbraham certain rebuked there are great nation Cain wasour

trends which give us deep concern. for his offering vidual. President of the

In contemplating conditions in the because in it there United States, emantitles that will liberator, deceit. and becipator of the Cain element was this worldworld, why we wonder

till of history the pages on slew jealous rage angry, a and in go down came is an there I thinkwide disorder.

answer and the answer is in the fact his brother, Abel. the end of time. The title that we

as Abraof, as far to think best that has great been love and many In everythat war have forgotten God men is of that is concerned, Lincoln ham usually principles fought, be traced can would the cause divine whichof the have brought peace, prosperity, and to some dishonest act on the part of "Honest Abe."And I am sure that

good will among the nations. one leader on one side or the leaders of all the titles this great man carries,

Abe"would please him the I, it "Honest sides. In both particularly of one on World thinking War I am

most. leaders of the declared some by cast aside; namely, was thatvirtue has been

the virtue of honesty, that of which of the great nations involved in that {Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1949 731 HONESTY

(Continued from preceding page) principle of honesty and integrity in And again he declared:

Mark Twain was in the despair of alllectively,of our nationally,dealings, individually,and internationcol- It is much better to be honest, to live advisers sugdistress.financial His

out some sortgested that he work of Constitutionally; therebyof thewe Unitedcan Statessave andthe herethan uprightly,it is to be anddishonest.forsakeItandis theshuneasiestevil,

creditors his in to honest, the path with world be to be compromisea upfor but preserve ourselves unborn and right is before God; learn people but and when to "There them: declaredhe blessings that the generations come

it. will practice they cents hundred one compromise,one to this, given from a government that was

the dollar."on us God. by Almighty It is as one unknown writer debankruptcy. far cry from is a That dishonesty honesty or be There can clared:

said might beWhatever field of Mark in labor, the day's honest of an

Twain, he was an honest man. work and also an honest day's pay. Honesty is the will and the effort to

After all, honesty or dishonesty can If management and labor could but keep one's agreements, explicit and tacit.

become an integral part of our charcome to this simple solution, there It can be expressed in words (veracity), acters. Honesty can be taught in the would be an elimination of strife and or in actions such as fulfilment of conschoolroom. In the schoolroom there difficulty. Idleness, too, breeds distracts and habits such as fidelity, loyalty

can be put forth honest efforts or honesty, for idleness anticipates getting and punctuality.

there can be cheating. In the schoolsomething for nothing, and the darkroom great truths can be taught to the est hour in any man's life is when he Newman Smart declared:

false doctrine.students, or sits plans something to get and down

is truthfulness essential to Inward moral

I for nothing. teacher, that whether it any say vigor. personal growth flaw and a What

it in or whether the schoolroom,be I question the submit Ato you as to is in steel, in or tissues, a foreign our body class, in Schoolbe a Sunday of or is who fails whether not a member to falsehood source this a the character—a particularly the truth, teach andto affiliates front of weaknesses, himself with a break any where it may Church who

in Church organizations, the truth as organization that destroys the principle under strain.

revealed to the world through the of free agency and freedom of action Honesty, then, after all, is the king of

Prophet Joseph Smith, is not honest is honest with himself and God. I do all virtues because the good life presupwith his students, himself, nor his not believe that there is any comproposes itself. Dishonesty cuts the arteries

is life social nourished. which Mutual byGod. truth that mise and between which

is social Selfdeceit cuts deceit murder.

is false. his maintain can dependable, In business man there can be No of vessels the one's blood own existence.

in the of Christ standing there or Church can behonest Jesus merchandising It is suicide.

false advertising, or poor quality of and compromise with error, for as the merchandise sold. In the great field Savior said: And as Mark of old declared to the

of politics there can be forthright, leadership, or therehonest can be No man can serve two masters: for earlyrday Saints:

will either the the hate one, he love and unfulfilled promises,doubletalk, which the commandments, knowest Do Thou other; else will to or the he hold one, and of destruction lead to theeventually kill, not adultery, not commit not Do Do other. the despise serve cannot Ye God In adminisfundamentals.American witness, false steal, bear Defraud not Do (Matt. 6:24.) and mammon.

if affairs, the mother. fathertration of thy not, ( Mark and government Honour

in 10:19.) handling honest areadministrators sisters, brethren and what Now, my

all, after public bethe funds—which this to you, does does what and mean scrip- I this of verse read have will As to adthelong people—they It this that to means me? you mean in- I had ture, wondered Mark why in that thereminister such a them way I heritage a have from and our

it, father and in thy cluded "Honour frugality savings notwill and and be in forefathers pioneer the of form to the thought came me mother,"and expenditures.extravagant of untarnished, honesty banner a and honest any son and honest that any condiof think presentday As we rests there each upon everyone and mother, father will and honor daughtertions, to the there mind words come obligation the to that that see of us of of point the view from not so much this great theof founders of of one is brilliant, clean sweet, as banner and standpoint the but lip from service IRepublic, Thomas it us. as the to handed day was Jefferson—and father help to and prepared being of like thatshould to had he been say in Smith, Articles the Joseph is possible. in That any mother way I thealive that about today words am this: Faith, in of said believe bemother. father in and writingWe honoring honesty to couldto not quote be more you in ing true. honest, believe being we Saints, have Latterday as fitting. we said: Now, He

One of the evidences of an honest a great destiny ana a great future.

I place economy among the first and man is one who first is honest with The old Prophet Isaiah declared to most important virtues, and public debt God, in paying back to the Lord the world thousands of years ago that as the greatest of dangers to be feared. that tenth which belongs to him. the house of the Lord would be estabpreserve is our independence not mustTo tithepayer we honest honest an An mountains. the of in the He top lished

rulers debt. us perpetual load with let our is is dependable. one man. He He all should nations that to say on went choice our econmust between makeWe is will one his word. keep who He it, heard should be and unto men flow liberty, serviprofusion or and andomy that to and can depend keep upon we say, to Iftude. into debts, such run must we we fulfil contracts. his

in taxed in ourbe meat and drink, necessities our I have heard President Grant relate... Come ye, and let us go up to the mouncomforts, in our labors our and

the story of farm a great many times the of to the house Lord, God in of the tain our amusements. can preand If we

said manufacturer who his ways, the us ofvent the implement wasting teach from government this: of he will Jacob; and

of thelabors people the pretense under will forof caring them, they be happy. I would rather have the word of a Morand we will walk in his paths. (Isaiah 2:3.)

farmer than I would his written mon that I of the fact because am sure, or note. contract Over the years we have been singin the is established the house of God

Iing, Bless America,"and want "God the where of these mountains top declared: Brigham Youngto to that say blessed has you God the found, where are of prophets God herAmerica people and abunmore profess Saints to to those be who is Christ Woe the Jesus of gospel Lorddantly than other people or any with honest honest. are not be Only naand the that to world, the being preached alltion in the world. that time But will the to honest yourselves, be and you to first out virtue hold great must we sisters,has come, brethren and my honest. be brethren. They must Men

if set the to the are world, them we pray, shouldwhen save live faithfully before honor we "God and must God

America."on a basis of applying the their calling and being on the earth. (Concluded on page 777)

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PALMYRA PAGEANT JIG.reat iteionariA

As I look into this great audience, 5u Jkome vD. Jiaacsovi

I feel very weak and very humble, and I pray that the Lord will help OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC me. I have prayed to the Lord, not

once, but many times the last few day. Thursday evening, the first night,

days, and I pray to the Lord first the newspapers estimated that there because I believe in prayer, and second, were between twelve and fifteen thou-

I pray to the Lord because I know sand people who attended that pageant.

of my weaknesses and I know of my The second night it was estimated incapabilities, and I am very dependent there were between twenty and upon the help of the Lord. I would twentyfive thousand people who atfeel sorry for anyone who would attended the pageant, and on the last

tempt to occupy this position if he night, the third evening, it was estifelt in his own strength, that his own mated that there were between twentysufficiency, was enough. I will be five and thirtyfive thousand people asvery grateful to you if you will say sembled to witness that great pageant.

a short prayer for me, because I need We must keep in mind that probit very badly. ably ninety percent of that great

Sometimes I have wished that all gathering were nonmembers of the of you could have this opportunity for Church. To me it was great evidence

just a moment, not because I think that the prejudice and ill feeling, though you would enjoy it any more than I not entirely diminished, was certainly do, but because it is indeed a humbling at a low ebb. The newspapers of

experience and certainly a sobering the cities in New York were very experience. liberal, very courteous, and very

I have felt the prayers of this conpraiseworthy of that great pageant.

ference were very strengthening, inThe highway patrol of the state of deed, every one of them. I have enNew York estimated that there were

joyed the words of our brethren. I thousands of carloads of people the

love them as men; I admire and last night who could not get to see

lots parking the because pageant the them. respect

at Monument all congested. the highways were and it is a privilege; is indeed Prayer Palmyra, NewHill YorkCumorah,

excellent us most police rendered The a it is indeed blessing; and great thatThere was audience a out in front, not indeed

knowing what was going on, but there those just is a duty. service. not Prayer miscomfort.

sionaries assembled every night at nineten, quietly, preparaand studyin some I had made The officials of those cities were a circle, praying to the Lord that bless he would the pageant. tion to discuss a subject that I thought very friendly. It was reported that one

might be appropriate at this conferof the businessmen of Palmyra or the give that to that he thought going stated not Rochester ence, but I am Smith, and my dearPresident assist me, if will pardon should Instead, by making talk. communities you sisters, brothers and the other day

as we were attempting to guess I would like to share with you an contributions to the pageant, and they our time when we would be called experience that I recently had at Hill ought to make a collection and help upon to speak, Bishop Wirthlin spoke Cumorah and the Sacred Grove at finance that great pageant. Of course,

and said: "No man knoweth the day Palmyra, New York. our appreciation was expressed to

nor the hour,"and he was not refer- I am grateful for the privilege of them, and we told them this was not ring to the original passage of scripture, being in Palmyra at the time the necessary; nevertheless it was the attieither. pageant was presented, entitled Amertude that he expressed which we appreciated. pageant Christ. This ica's for Witness all are for this grateful I know we there were the of homes Hundreds apmissionaries, the presented by waschoir today. this thought morning misour of people. to Many opened ninety and hundred one proximately Presidentwhen giving the was I McKay at there they were while sionaries States Misthe Eastern of them, of missionaries of field, innumber the for preparing Palmyra directhe sion, underprobably the choir included. should be in stayed pageant, the I. the at delivered of Dr. Harold tion Address the of choir furnished ourThe men of people the homes session the Utah of afternoon Hansen Sunday last night atmusic the priestgeneral

not members were who semian- Col120th Agricultural the State of it meeting,hood and very was the Church. of Presiconfer- general faculty, nual and legebeautiful, this their again morning and pageant was The 2, 1949, Morris October ence Q. George dentsongs so appropriate. been have The ninefor scheduled Tabernacle States in the Eastern the ofchoir here each each comes week, evening. in the thirty Mission. evening, eachThursday Sunday and

selected been when dates had the The of is story the pageant The I practise. to confiearlymorning am

shining, because not the setting was rustic moon The of Mormon. Book all thatdent are of very proud we of darkness participants wanted the the or is stage the Hill of Cumorah service. arethem. of choir a They

hill. the All the night on the pageant. that The of background choir, missionary a are indeedThey

vicinity in off that turned lights were the Moroni of Angel those are scenes to grateful the areand I know we pageant. of the At at the beginning his from his instructions receiving Brother Spencerconductor, Corn- J. missionthose every night nineten of the the story Mormon, all father fine organistswall, and and the

the members of the choir, Brother Prophet Joseph receiving his instrucaries were asked to assemble at a

Lester F. Hewlett, the president, and tions from the Angel Moroni, and certain wooded spot on Hill Cumorah,

all those who are associated with him. other scenes of the Nephite and Labehind one of the large scenes, in the

great audi that darkness. There was story of the Book the people, manite of the think choir on cannotWe front, not knowing what of ence out in message great the and Mormon, thinking of of without morningSunday

the Spoken Word by our beloved the Prophet Joseph Smith. was going on, but there those misbrother and friend, President Richard The pageant was held on three sionaries assembled every night at nine-

L. Evans. nights, Thursday, Friday, and Satur- {Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1949 733

PALMYRA PAGEANT

(Continued from preceding page) and the loudspeaking system did conin that Sacred Grove that beautiful ten, quietly, in a circle, huddled totinue until the pageant was over. afternoon as those elders, without

gether, praying to the Lord that he That kind of faith is the kind of wasting a minute's time or a second's would bless that pageant, that it would faith that we have been hearing about time, came forward and stood by the go forward without any interruption the last few days here. That is the microphone. There was no pulpit to

and that the audience would partake kind of faith that draws men close to stand by, so they stood there by the of the spirit of the pageant. God, their Eternal Father. May I loudspeaker and gave their testimothree nies, one. hours just one Those by quote about a from word Alma I first it the remember night started

all quickly. o'clock faith: too Four passed that of kind sameto rain six o'clock. about There was missionaries the as had came, and

it If concern theresome are say: whether or Yea, do not who many would their to desire bear the expressed wilt sign us a unto heaven, thouprevent from presentation show of the pageant.

in they Grove, the Sacred testimony shall then of surety; isIt then a all know we we stage, outdoors: the the

it all dethrough, not and was were shall believe. Iaudience, scenes. the and remember until continue the meeting to cided I is this faith? ask, Behold, I say Nowshaking fine hands with young two

five at o'clock o'clock, they five but if for you, unto a Nay; a knoweth manmissionaries their had pageant who

till it continued not through thing and he to believe, hath were for cause no he I Icostumes on, to said and them, as it. six o'clock o'clock. six they knoweth were Atshook them, hands with "I the hope

I as faith said the concerning now And through, not and werain spoil will not the pageant."is faith to not perfect a have until knowledge meeting seven continuedo'clock—until of them straight looked in One things; if of me therefore faith ye have ye there opan missionary had had every

the said: he eye and Bishop, don't "Oh, for things hope which are not testimony, her or to bear his seen, which Fortunity

are true.worry, rain will spoil the 32:1718, not the (Alma 21.) afterthat of think eightynine them

pageant. will spoil the Nothing testimonies. their bore noon I digress here, little, just to a Maypageant, this elders the because of that not doubted could have to You say those teachers or to anymission faith united our have called and

if those heard young testimony had you philosophers or to any have men who the this blessupon to Lord pageant of had them Some and women. men to with do people, that young youthat the message go would forward

field in only month, a mission the been never say anything or anything doto the of thousands aspeople who the oh, thanked and, they Lord how or knowingly that unknowingly would it."tosemble witness

I that of mission. privilege for the that shock faith beautiful in lives the

call that simple some may Now it have a thought shame would what of people. young kindles Convictions

Ifaith, call but that beautiful, most girls if or of those boys been one any conviction; faith faith; promotes and

faith.most humble the the time By I that mission, denied and been had testimony inspires testimony.

pageant was ready to start, the storm Faith is one of the great principles thought of the thousands of others will a probably wanthad ceased and the stars were out of to go on who that the Church. Faith is whichbright. they sometimes mission and some day, brought this our forefathers to counIt was stated that no group of try. I am grateful for the faith of my are made to feel as if they cannot

professionals in all the world could grandfather in Denmark where he acafford it. I hope some of us in the

present that pageant as those humble cepted the gospel because he had faith Church who have been blessed perhaps missionaries presented it because their in the Lord Jesus Christ. more than others with financial security

hearts and souls were in it and because The pageant closed the third night, and material things, will share it with they knew this story to be true. and before that great audience, as they some missionary who wants to go on

They were living that story; they were saw the last scene, four missionaries, a mission, and never let it be said that

preaching that story; and for that in the darkness of the night, with a a boy was kept home from a mission

reason great honor and credit is due brilliant spotlight flashed upon them, because someone could not afford it.

those missionaries. stood on top of Hill Cumorah. They As those missionaries came forThe audience was kept informed were dressed in beautiful long white ward, I wished their fathers and

of the pageant proceedings by narrators robes and each of them with his bugle mothers could have heard the great who were speaking over a central turned toward that beautiful monument love they expressed for them. They

loudspeaking system. Beautiful spotof the Angel Moroni and played in truly love and appreciate you. Every

lights were flashed upon the different unity, "An Angel From On High,"one of them, without an exception, scenes on the Hill Cumorah. A comThose thirty thousand peop could not was so grateful for his father and

mercial firm was employed to furnish have witnessed that scene without their mother, and many of them were sons the loudspeaking system, and a few hearts being touched; it was one of the and daughters of widowed mothers.

of the Mormon missionaries who were most thrilling yet touching experiences Oh, how the gratitude came from their mechanically inclined were assigned to of my life. souls for the love of their widowed

help the technician with the loudNever in my life have I appreciated, mothers. Some of them had exspeaking system. probably, as I did that very moment perienced the loss of their father or

The last night the technician became what that beautiful story has meant mother while they had been in the very much concerned that the loudto us as a people. The next day mission field, but there was no evispeaking system might not continue to following that great pageant those dence of bitterness. Every one of

operate, and he told the missionaries same missionaries held their missionary them acknowledged the hand of the he did not know what to do. There conference on a beautiful Sabbath Lord, even in that sorrow that came

was that great audience of thousands morning in the Sacred Grove. They to them while they were away.

of people. They could not follow the had held two sessions there Friday But there were some who pleaded

pageant without the loudspeaking and Saturday. Since their pageant with the Lord to bless their parents

system functioning, because some of was produced at night, they had their and their loved ones while they were the audience were a block away from days for their conferences. in the mission field. I am sure that

the Hill and from the scenes. But as Saturday afternoon was devoted enif you parents and the brothers and

he became concerned, all he would tirely to testimony bearing. Sunday the sisters and the loved ones could

have needed to do was to ask those morning's meeting was programed; have heard those boys, you would have

missionaries, but he did not do that, speakers were called upon to speak; tried harder to live as they are teachso they took it in their own hands. but in the afternoon it was not proing. How they thanked the Lord for

They went out behind that truck in gramed, and the meeting started at one the blessings that had come to them.

the wooded section of Hill Cumorah, o'clock in the afternoon, with the idea I was astounded at the strength of their and as we would expect, those misthat it would perhaps close by four testimonies. Two or three of them

sionaries knelt down and prayed that o'clock, and we would thus get an had only been out two or three weeks, the Lord would see to it that the extra hour of testimony bearing. and how they loved their companions,

loudspeaking system would continue, I wish everyone could have been ( Concluded on page 79 1 734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEIVIRLE

By RICHARD L EVANS yond the boundary, he has made the judged by one who wanted to miswipostance next stopping point difficult to deterjudge. There was never a mortal man 4 mine. And this is where the oldin whom fault could not be found by

nnciples fashioned virtues come in, and the one who wanted to find fault. There

oldfashioned regard for them: They is no act or gesture that could not

Cvery man should certainly have a establish that point beyond which a be misinterpreted. There is no uttered

set of sound principles to which man knows that he cannot safely proword to which someone could not give safer, simpler, Life ceed. can and be different a meaning infrom what washe turn is precan proposal any when

if satisfying a has person a sound more tended. is sentence ever written Nosented to him. people a have When

preprinciples set of which no from that could not in different be read set of principles,sound accepted and the everyday decisions of life are ferment or profit or prejudice or exways. In other words, either we can

much less difficult. In some respects, pediency could persuade him to dedecide to see the best side of a man,

perhaps the situation could be compart. or we can decide to see his worst

side see the we we want side—and the playpared happens on to what

—September 4, 1949 to see. ''Tis with our as judgmentsing field. the umpire If an knows

rules, if he knows the principle that our watches": wrote Alexander Pope,

covers each play, he can immediately "none go just alike, yet each believes decide each issue without hesitation his own."This is inevitable so long

and without thumbing through the OW as people are imperfect. And that

book. But if he doesn't know, or if he seems likely to be a long time. And

doesn't immediately decide, or if for Uje /jviaae the fervent petition of Solomon is any reason he is persuaded to depart urgently upon us: "Give therefore thy

...from the rules, he must certainly face Tt is high tribute to say of any man servant an understanding heart

I that discern between good may and is just in all his that judgments. he himself,loss the with with of prestige

?"3.. for is able bad: to judge. who it tribute is higher able to to be And the perplayers, public, and and with

haps consequences much more serious. say that he is generous as well as just Whether it be among our friends or

Expediency sometimes persuades peoin judgment. Ungenerous judgment is family, among our own intimate asple to meet a pressing problem by an unfortunate character fault. And yet sociates or absolute strangers, one of

compromising a principle. But the perhaps there is nothing men do the greatest qualities of character is

part we sometimes forget is this: quite so much as misjudge other to be just and generous in judgment. "O mortal men, be wary how ye this offered philosopher men. One a compromised have once weWhen

judge."* that observation: must rememberprinciple purpose, however "We for any

of judges men, out to Ingersoll XR. have make G. it in Washington, Speech at the we Octoberjustified moment, seem may

22. 1883. their judges that being it. made and by embarrassed thereafter by arewe Pharsalia VII 2Lucan,3 I Kings, their prejudices not diminished are and look back always others can andWe 1 4Dante, Paradiso 3:9 XX It is is increased."intelligence not made, exception that was one seeand 11, 1949.—September

and if one was made, why not another? perhaps true that most of us let

No matter what the pressure, no matpersonalities or prejudices enter into inour judgment. one is ever "No matter no advantages, theter what

nocent,"an ancient wrote it Roman is always personalities, 0nemamma thewho pitiable when any person moves bepoet, "when his opponent is the yond the bounds of ethics or honor or judge"2—and perhaps no one is ever Utnckanqed

honesty. It is always pitiable when a innocent when an ungenerous person

arson's principles become too flexible is his judge. There isn't anything that VToung people leaving home, whether

o be trusted. It is always pitiable anyone could do that couldn't be misit be only for an evening or for an

when a person is persuaded to step extended stay, are often given to asjust a bit beyond the safe bounds—for suring their parents that there is no

if he takes one step beyond need to worry. Those who are leaving

boundary, why can't he take two home for work or for other purposes steps? And if he takes two steps, are often given to assuring those they

where can he stop? The fact is that leave behind that they will rewhen a person has once stepped (Continued on following page)

EARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WEST*'WITH THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE ChOIR AND ORGAN OVER A NATION-H wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

NOVEMBER 1949 735 THE SPOKEN WORD (Continued from preceding page) not going to be affected by it."A are changed, sometimes favorably,

main unchanged—unchanged in their person of strong will, living with unsometime unfavorably, but always we

thoughts, in their feelings, in their acdesirable influences, may succeed in are changed by the company we keep, tions, and in their attitudes. And they maintaining his principles, but he is by the friendships we form, by everybelieve it! Youth are confident in their changed nevertheless, even if only by thing we encounter, both as to places

own strength. And to any kind of the very act of resistance. Resistance and people. Indeed, change is the escaution they are likely to reply, "Why to a given set of conditions has its sence of life itself—eternal change.

shouldn't we? It won't hurt us. It effect upon us, even as failure to resist There is danger, and there is deception

won't change us."And they wonder has its effect—although not in the same in supposing that we can encounter

why parents and others are doubtful way. Knowing this, it is natural for any influence or participate in any exand concerned—they wonder perhaps parents and the counselors of youth perience and not be changed. And all

because they have not yet become fully to be concerned about the influences this youth must remember when those aware of the fact that we all tend to that enter their lives, about the comwho are more seasoned caution them be changed and modified both by pany they keep, about what they see concerning questionable places, quespeople and places. In other words, we and hear, about the friendships they tionable company, and questionable

all react in some way or other to our form. And to those who are young, conduct.

environment and associations. This is may we offer once more this reminder:

so whether we choose it to be so or Don't make the mistake of supposing *Revised not, and it is quite useless to say: "I that a new experience or a new asCopyright, 1949

am going to partake of this, but I am sociation won't change you. We—September 18, 1949.

appraisal of his performance. By reaown thoughts and find ways to convey

All proved history has to others. occupies, space he the very son of and themLnticUm of Lntici5m

criticize, should his actions of this. But inevitable the impact we before we

something sure expect must every know to make that we man on others, cants in canted that are all theiiC\F should his for the subject. make actions about called to account be We this the world, cant of though

hypocrites may be the worst, the cant and utterances. And tormenting though sure that we are not blindly stampeded

of criticism is the most tormenting."1 it may be, no individual, no group of into echoing the opinions of others, or

Perhaps we can all echo these words individuals, should, for their own sakes, that we are not prompted by prejudice of an eighteenth century philosopher. assume themselves to be above or envy or even ignorance. As

Criticism is tormenting. But no doubt criticism, or should suppress honest Disraeli wrote: "It is much easier to

the correct."critical than be And sources. or inside outside opinion from it at certainly all needwe times—and criticism. critic is not himself above insulates the person himIndeed, who to are all be safeit would say that we

sometimes subject to criticism. The self from criticism has lost a valuable Criticism is not above criticism. And

more we do the more we may expect safety factor. The right to criticize as we hold to the right to criticize

criticism. And, paradoxically, the less (and to be criticized) is exceedingly others, we ourselves must expect to be

be, criticized. Annoying as it may we important. ours is a public Whether expect more do thewe may we

noth- ( or cannot expect to do anything will freely trust, people or a privatecriticism. nothing, do if we And we

may also expect criticism. It is natural express their opinions concerning us ing ) in this world without being subject

for people to appraise other people and and what we do. And even if we were to some criticism.

to appraise other people's performance. able to suppress their outspoken Laurence Sterne, 1761

No man who lives in this world escapes opinions, they would still think their Copyright 1949—September 25, 1949

be much longer, but he tries to fit the when it is time for planting or

Jklnq& lA/e Jstave tc forecast to the endurance of the man we shall have no harvest. But having

who is down. We can help the done the best we can do, we must learn

cLeaue to Jione healingsure of process;our impatience,but, despitetheretheis muchprestoing,leavedeveloping,what we can'tmending,do to mellowingthe growwe have to leave to time. Sometimes process of time. And if we have faith

'"Phere is a lesson sooner or later we see someone who seems to be enough, patience enough, perseverance learned by almost all of us, and "getting away with something"withenough, time will work many wonders.

that is that there are some things we out prevention or punishment, and we It will reveal truth and discredit unhave to leave to time. If we were may feel that justice is unreasonably truth. It will silence slander. It will

to call for selfconfession, we might slow as well as blind. But time oversoften many sorrows. It will heal many

well of a large showing have all offenses hands takes and flesh, the of of the offenders—somewounds—wounds planted sometimefrom have those who than times sooner we It suppose. Someheart, of the spirit. of the mind, and

seeds but who couldn't wait for shoots times we see people we are impatient will right many wrongs. It will bring

to show above the surface and so have to improve. But we can't force the compensation, retribution, vindication.

dug them up to see what they were minds of men. We can teach, persuade, And even if in our time we don't find

doing. But we can't dig up the seed and persevere, and set before them a all the answers, immortal men can

and have a harvest or break open a convincing example—and leave the afford to have faith in the limitless

a flower. have andbud to rest to time. We have Of can day what do each we

things to time.leave some When time. to everything leave to time be done, and course,We wecan'tcan'tcondoneleave andfuture—ifshould

someone is confined with illness or incomplacency. We must actively opwhat time alone can do.

jury, his first question is, "How long pose the intrusion of every evil.

will it be?"The seasoned physician We must earnestly be about our

will sometimes say, "A few days,"business and be anxiously engaged Copyright King Features when he knows full well it will likely in a good cause. We must plant—October 2, 1949

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA easy to overthrow humankind is

POWERS OF THE GOSPEL unchastity. So the Apostle Paul adthat monished we have a girdle (Concluded dren of from page 711) of Satan's Because men astray.

loins. around ourus, and those defenses, when we lower ability thus the to cleverly deceive,

we open avenues to an invasion of our Lord has given us a key in the scripWe are counseled to put on the souls. There are carefully charted on tures by which we may be able to breastplate of righteousness over our

the maps of the opposition the weak detect him when he comes presenting hearts, suggesting that our conduct in spots in every one of us. They are himself as that angel of light. And so life should always be right and proper.

known to the forces of evil, and just we are told to be constantly on guard Have our feet shod with the preparathe moment we lower the defense of against these things. tion of the gospel of peace, or in other

any one of those ports, that becomes words, our objectives, the goal we set the D Day of our invasion, and our Moroni said it is as easy as it is to out to achieve in life be in harmony souls are in danger. tell the darkness from the daylight with the gospel of peace; and have

The experiences and the examples to discover evil from righteousness, on the helmet of salvation and take of many cases recited in testimonies in for, "the devil persuadeth men conthe shield of faith and the sword of this and other dispensations of the tinually to do evil and to believe not the spirit, which is the word of God.

gospel seem clearly to indicate that in Christ, but to deny him, and to serve Thus armored, we are now prepared whenever we allow ourselves to benot God nor keep his commandments. with the weapons common to the warcome doubtful, bitter in our souls, And he persuadeth no man to do good, fare of Paul's day, comparable to

melancholy, and otherwise downcast, neither his angels, neither do they who those things which we would have or despondent, we open avenues to the subject themselves unto him."(See in similar way upon us today, to atforces which are ready to take us in Moroni 7:1617.) tack and to fight successfully and to

battle this the forces of in which win just snarea the moment these weakBecause of that power of evil which evil the forces righteousness of andnesses are in us. discovered

the strong in is so world today, contending the are today. things these With clearly understood

Gentiles teacher to the declared: taughtand the scriptures, by it seems great to bear I want you my solemn witthat should well do today to look we ness that forces there are such I know that the of whole Put God, on armourto ourselves as leaders and members It the today. world seem would against to able the in stand be might yeof the of Christ. Church Jesus I significant me. to as somewhat have devil, evil in the of (Eph. The wiles day. an

told has in the usLord scriptures it, first that the only thought about and 6:11.)

that Satan is an enemy of all righteousexperience of its kind I ever had, came ness; fact, of that because those who I after shortly into the Council came lesson. taught a he remarkable Butare in standing in high places our of the to asked Twelve when was of of pictured a us as each man He willFather's the kingdom obbecome to administer a young was who womanI strategic clothed various armor, onjects his of attacks. well You may spirit. evil of Seemingly, possessed an his that of points with an armor bodyexpect, as the Apostle underPaul in there might a have purpose been against the protect onhim would thatstood, in the preside you who letting that these powers me know evil. of said: a slaughts "Have He invarious places Father's our kingdom I this In experience, around. as were loins,"suggesting girdle around yourwill subject devil's to the be onslaughts. spirit, evil the the challenged by was thing Richards Bishop the which very this: Apostle said PaulThe felt hairs pin as though on head my that of about, us one to has spoken

in hair pricks coursevery and were lest I should be exalted measabove And finds the most which he avenues by

I in that ing body. knew down my theure the of revelathrough abundance

tions, there was given to me a thorn in the experience the power of evil, and I flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, knew again the superior power of the lest I should be exalted above measure. priesthood and the powers of the

this thing that For I besought occasion Living on God. I came the Lord thrice, XECTION TIME

itthat might depart from me. the adSavior to understand what

And he said unto me, My grace is By Leo J. Cartright monished in his day to his disciples

sufficient for thee: for my strength is made when he said: "The prince of the

perfect in weakness. Most gladly there- "R 7[en I never saw before greet me like darkness which is of this world cometh,

fore will I rather glory in my infirmities *** a brother, and hath nothing in me."

that the power of Christ may rest upon Ask me all about my kin, 'specially Pop me. (II Cor. 12:7-9.) and Mother, He was trying to impress upon his

Tell me 'bout the good ole days when disciples likewise that Satan would cunning, together, of to each with them come they chummed it in preis with Zion So you who just same, shine or the 'em deceit. loved "Alius temptation Latterday and inside places. the various Sometimes weather."stormy the prince Saints, of darkness which is infirmity, difficulty,there hardgiven the reason why Bet I know is toof this us world cometh amongship souls; to try upon you your and nigh. is drawin'time 'Lection is the without day. knocking Hethe of ento be Satan powers seem

rolled against you, watching and trydoor of every one of us, of you and of all me, what often the heard within bear they've and names who a meing of Say to break your powers down fellow! splendid of the of gospel Jesus themselvesresistance; through but weakness, your "I that no have an'say boast they An'Christ, Savior of and our Lord Jesus infirmities, will the givethose you of yellow."streaks I Christ, that he pray and may God shall rest that of uponpower God all has I the mutt digest listen an'An'find in will us, nothing and go away as the Apostle Paul evenyou was told me, let alone. us and the stuff, wouldn'treconciled comforted his I buttons and by believed But if

thought that through his trials the hold me, I bear you my testimony that I power of God might rest upon him. So I nod an'wink an eye know these powers are in the world

Satan has been said to have the 'Lection time is drawin'nigh. and I know the powers of the gospel

power to transform himself into an of Jesus Christ are sufficient to thwart angel of light; and because of that Since I'm old enough to vote, hand is these powers of darkness. God give

ability to transform himself, the Apossore from shakin', us strength and understanding sufficient tle Paul asked the Corinthians: Right arm bigger'n other one if I'm not to our day, to help us to live worthy

mistaken, of the callings to which we have been

Do you think it is any great thing that Constant usage durin'this, keeps the called and be able successfully to ashis ministers can likewise transform themmuscles growin', sail these powers of darkness, and to selves into ministers of righteousness (see But my hand'll get a rest long before it's win in this greatest of all combats

II Cor. 11:15), snowin', known in the world today, I pray,

'Lection will be over then in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

in order that they might lead the chilAn'they'll all be strange agen! Amen.

NOVEMBER 1949 737 in the Salt Lake Tabernacle during the tournament week.

President George Albert Smith, in officially opening the tournament, set what might be the theme as he called attention to the fact that we are "not only interested in winning games but also in building character."He said

that from this beginning thousands of teams would play in the seasons leading to future allChurch softball tournaments. In a reminiscent mood,

in recalling experiences he said this was the first outdoor sporting event that he had ever witnessed under lights. Taking the ball which he was

to pitch to open the tournament, he told how he had played "softball"as a boy—when he could find enough

yarn to make his own ball.

Speakers on this short program, in addition to President Smith, included

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve, representing the general Melchizedek Priesthood comAll Church Champions—North Hollywood Ward

SOFTBALL TOURNAMENT

"Tt's wonderful. The team has inning as Bob Cook singled and was

sparked the ward; and the ward driven home by Jim Pratt's triple),

has sparked the team!"said one bishop but every one of the more than four

who had shouted himself hoarse as hundred wards who organized softball he followed every play of his game, teams and entered stakeleague compealong with a group of ward members, tition under the direction of the general at the annual allChurch softball Melchizedek Priesthood committee and tournament held in Salt Lake City, the Y. M. M. I. A., were winners

September 1517. Although his team winners in the real sense of the word,

did not win a trophy, he probably as they discovered Melchizedek Priestexpressed the feeling of every ward hood quorum members, and adult who had wholeheartedly entered into members of the Aaronic Priesthood, the outlined softball program of the who came to play ball and stayed to

Church this spring. enter other Church and quorum activiBut it was a storybook finish to ties. The Layton team, which lost

anybody's ball game as North that very close championship game,

Hollywood Ward, San Fernando had four elders and seven adult mem- (California) Stake, broke up the only bers of the Aaronic Priesthood on its extrainning game of the tournament team, while two members of the bishopin Salt Lake City, defeating Layton ric played on the championship North

Ward of Safford, Arizona, Mt. Hollywood team. Each member was

Graham Stake, by a score of 4-3. active in ward or stake assignments.

Both teams had played hard and well, Richard Malka, playing on the Sutter typifying the spirit of brotherhood Ward team of the Sacramento and good sportsmanship that had (California) Stake, was baptized into marked the entire playing season and the Church at a special service held especially this tournament.

There can be only one winner PresidentElder EzraGeorgeTaft AlbertBenson Smithtalk withand (which in this case came in the eighth Vineyard Coach, Leonard Madsen.

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elders Will B. Gillespie, Marvin J.

Ashton, and Gerald G. Smith, of the

allChurch softball committee examine individual trophy given to allstar players.

Marvin J. Ashton of the special

Y. M. M. I. A. softball committee

gave the runnerup trophy to the team from Layton Ward. Second Assistant

Superintendent A. Walter Stevenson

of the Y. M. M. I. A. presented the

sportsmanship trophy to Vineyard.

The selection of the recipient of that award must have been difficult indeed, because of the quality of play throughout the tournament.

A Vineyard rooter immediately said "Let me tell you something about those boys our boys. We'll try to be back

next year, but it won't be with this team. Several players out there tonight are expecting calls to the mission field before another softball season."

Individual awards were given to the mittee, which is chaired by Elder mittee directing the tournament, acted following players who comprised a

Harold B. Lee, and General Superinas master of ceremonies. mythical "all star"team:

Vineyard; Carltendent Elbert R. Curtis of the President Oscar A. Kirkham of the Ken Williams—p.,

Laurelcrest; Leo Holda-Y.M.M.I.A. The players of all teams First Council of the Seventy and ton Ence—p.,

Earl Murphywere given participation medals. The Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Preway—c.f., Vineyard;Magna ( Utah ) Drum and Bugle Corps siding Bishopric were assigned by the s.s., Laurelcrest; Leon Hall—3.b.,

furnished the music. Gerald G. Smith general priesthood committee to work Wellsville; Wendell Morris—p., Lay-

l.b., Pleasantof the Y.M.M.I.A. general board, and out the program with the help of the ton; George Duckworth—

North Holly-a member of a threeman special com- M. I. A. Green; Ray Linford—c,

Layton; Glen Lamson—l.f., in the Entrants threeday tournament North Hollywood. wood;Waldon—r.f.,Phil the first ( with winners playing day two

games on the second day ) were: RichThese awards were made by the memfield First*, Clearfield First, Ogden bers of the special allChurch softball

Thirtyfourth, Wellsville Fourth, Paycommittee comprised of Will B.

son Second, University (Provo), Gillespie, chairman; Gerald G. Smith,

Vineyard, Pocatello Tenth (Idaho), and Marvin J. Ashton.

Declo ( Idaho ), Laurelcrest ( Salt Lake A vote of thanks must be given to

City ), Stadium Village ( Salt Lake the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

City ), Lorraine ( Salt Lake City ) Association which ably directed the

Pleasant Green, North Hollywood teams, divisions, and tournament.

(California), Sutter (Sacramento, With the completion of play in this

California), and Layton (Arizona). allChurch softball tournament the

Seven Osterhut brothers played for groundwork has been laid for more

Declo, but lost their first game, 5-4. seasons to come. Although this has

largest called of the one been brothers stayed already Osterhut other Two it in softball existence leagues (and the farm. to run at home

Elder Benson of the Council of the will grow), the emphasis must always

Twelve presented the winner's trophy be not on winning games, but on buildto the North Hollywood Ward. ing character and good brotherhood

within the wards, quorums, stakes, and *Utah, unless otherwise specified. Church.

He Quit Smoking

/\ne OF the tournament teams told the story of their bat boy who lived and breathed the spirit of the softball team. One

night the boy's father (who was not active in the Church) followed him to the game. The team was one man short, and the

manager motioned the father from the sidelines to the playing field. "Dad,"called the bat boy. "You can't play. You smoke."

The man turned for a moment, emptied the cigarets from his pocket, and took his position on the field. He had quit

smoking. And as the season progressed he began attending

meetings with his family and won a permanent position on the team—the team which represented its division at the tournament.

NOVEMBER 1949 739 Aaronic Priesthood Youth Conference Conducted

The Ninety and Nine?—or the One? In North Sanpete Stake

Jesus said: efforts, we must share his anxiety for Ctake President Golden D. Carlston

his counselors to decided and do those are "gone astray."who we? Do

if think ye? How a for have the man outstanding an something youth hundred it that be frequently Can too wesheep, of and one them be gone astray, doth the Stake. of Sanpete North They think only of the "percent active"?he not leave the ninety nine, and and goeth settled conference a youth and upon

into the this mountains, experiment for Try and seeketh a while that and which Priesthood stake the Aaronic asked is astray? gone (Matt. 18:12.) it see for what does a you—to you—as the stake committee and committee leader: the Talk about percent of boys laid Master The this outline Girls for to Saint Latterday cardinal down present, not active, not observe andrule of stewardship in their the proposal. the that submit and hope program feelings. your Instead of saying—"Ithose are called to who labor in plans his approved. were The fiftyseven had percent presentvineyard would never count themselves sessions ten at Conference were say fortythree "I had percentas wholly successful so long as even P. and Luncheon two was M. M. saykeep Then on active,"absent—inactive.""one"remained fold. from the away all lunch. for stayed they it ing over, and over after A.served—and week week,If as leaders in the we PriestAaronic fifty peoyoung hundred and Four until thinking begin you seriously of desire hishood benediction on our ple the conthroughout present were those absentees, wondering they why

are not interested, planning what you ference.

Aaronic Priesthood Choristers can do to help them. Your conscience Priesthood leaders present included may become more sensitive—its more the stake presidency, high council,

persistent proddings may even interand bishoprics, who sat in the choir

Use the Handbook rupt your sleep at times. But who section as the guests of youth.

4t Tse the Handbook"is the slogan wants sleep if it is induced or Young people conducted both meetboys'addresses Eleven by youth, by the drug of imagined ings. for stake and ward Aaronic encouraged

girls'choruses, youth success? and combinedPriesthood choristers.

choruses, made it truly a youth conThe Aaronic Priesthood choristers'Give it a good try—think and speak

Handbook, especially prepared for of the "percent inactive"for a while. ference.

those who have to do with boys'singWho are they?—review their names. Subjects treated by the youthful

ing, contains a wealth of material. The What are they doing instead of that speakers were—Prayer; Tithing; What

subject matter gives simple and direct which they ought to be doing? What the Aaronic Priesthood Means to Me;

instructions and explains in detail each are their reasons for inactivity? Why Temple Marriage; The Word of Wisstep to be taken in the development of did they stray away? How can I help dom; Church Welfare; Obedience to

boys'choruses. Make effective use of them with their problems? Authority; Testimony; What the Latthe handbook because it paves the way Then ask the Lord to temper your terday Saint Girls Program Has

to successful promotion of the boys'approach, to flavor your words with Meant to Me.

singing program and its use will assure the spirit of brotherhood, that the lost Elder Lee A. Palmer was the guest

correct procedure. may be found, that you may know speaker as a representative of the

Use the Handbook; study its conhow truly Presiding Bishopric. Loyal Graham

tents; be guided by it. Success will be... he rejoiceth more of that sheep [those and Tina E. Nelson were in charge

yours if you are humble, prayerful, sheep], than of the ninety and nine which as leaders of the Aaronic Priesthood and enthusiastic. went not astray. (Matt. 18:13.) and Latterday Saint Girls programs.

Twelve adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood, Salt Lake City Thirtieth Ward, Temple View Stake, are made happy in their ordination to elders in the Melchizedek Priesthood. Their wives share in their husband's new foun d joy in priesthood and Church activity.

All of these brethren are now active ward teachers and several of them are in other responsible positions in the ward.

Included in the photograph are Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric, Stake President Adiel F. Stewart, Executive Chairman Leonard

Brimley, Bishop William J. Koew and Counselors Vern Obray and Verlyn Jess Thomas.

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *5e=- prepared bu cd.ee v. faii',mer

The Lost Coin PRICE SECOND WARD

NORTH CARBON STAKE "Prom the parables of Jesus come Presiding Bishop LeGrand some of the most simple, yet the PriesthoodRichards greetssuccessesAaronicfrom most valuable lessons ever taught. The the Price Second Ward,

parable of the "Lost Coin"is a good Northboys andCarbontwo othersStake. notThesein

example of what happens when we thein aphotocontestwereconductedthe winnersby become unduly careless in the performthe ward bishopric extendance of duty. ingthroughfromJuneOctober1949. 1948

Bishop Duane A. Frandwith shown his boys of sen... ten pieces having what woman isaccompanied and them on not light piece, doth if losesilver, one she the special excursion to

seek the house, and candle, sweep and Salt City.a Lake

diligently till she find it?

And when she hath found it, she calleth her friends and her neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found

the piece which I had lost. (Luke 15:8-9.)

L.D.S. Girls

The woman did not intentionally lose this coin; neither was the coin Duties of Ward Advisers

capable of losing itself; but through

negligence and carelessness on her "KTany advisers have been appointed The Adviser's Calling part, it became lost. to this program since the supply The nature of the work of an adviser

This story is a striking example of of Handbooks for Leaders of Lattersuggests she be a mature woman who what may be happening to some ward day Saint girls was exhausted. It is knows and understands the problems of the

teachers, and to some of the members therefore advisable that a few of the growing girl. It is very important that

for whom they are responsible. more important responsibilities be pubsheor talkbe indiscreetlya woman aboutwho others,does notfor gossip,such a

Have you as a ward teacher taken lished for the guidance of leaders and person should not be placed in a position inventory recently? Have you lost advisers alike who may not have ready where she will receive confidences which

someone from the ranks of your flock? access to a handbook. While the will not be held sacred.

responsibilities this calling of The deinat- not comprise duties of your here do reviewed lost because theyWere qualifications personal which are not it? of advisers, responsibilities about all the are you doingtention? What they mandordinary sense the of in any word. To

No ward teacher wants to be charged are the essence of the program, from perform the duties of this office as desired with the personal responsibility of which implications can be drawn to will require the constant and prayerful losing a soul. supply a more complete outline of application of one's best efforts—anything

Are you as conscientious as was the duties and responsibilities. youngshort ofwomenthis willwhobe canat theill expenseafford toof payour

woman who lost the coin? Have you the price of our neglect.

lighted your candle and gone in search Duties of those missing souls. As you explore

the shaded and darkened byways of Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood 1. The adviser's approach should always

will the be next approach one which make you to inactivity, that lead roadsthe resents one. welcome one the apNo to fall away. about find othersmay Five Fundamentals of Success a real friend. proach of a

impressed also be suddenlyYou may in the merely2. Theascertainadviserandis toreportdo faron attendance.more than make a A summation of the material need to urgent thewith

the of adult is leaders for sister"in to handbook "big to be She deed very a inspection needed much andthorough girl in every group. her the Priesthood of Aaronic members flock. entire yourof 3. with [the girls], them play Work point five reveals fundamentals which

close with to them, be them, love them, matter the of thought you Have in the the success to among work way understand them, their problems, know is holding Lord thisin "The way: fundaadult group. me the These help member the them solution with of their

of the safeguarding the forresponsible: their problems, be confidant, worthy of be leadership ( are mentals Active 1 )

I care. must to assignedlittle flock my loved understood them. and by the in bishopric promoting the ward

4. girl lose onenot is a assistance needs she When committee soul through my own program; ward (2) A

likely to seek out her adviser. indifference."The ofneglect direction the functioning under of the notadviser should her go to help as necesand

ward bishopric; (3) Personal visits sity suggests, making proper inquiry as a

to the adult members by the bishopric basis for the giving of needed assistance.

A Few Weeks to Go and group advisers; (4) Cottage meet- 5. The thoughtful and worthy adviser

will never pry or gossip. or meddle Conthe for Special department in ings; (5) remain a few weeks f\NLY fidences are sacred be and should never in the weekly adult group member the alert this year. To betrayed.

Aaronic Priesthood leaders it priesthood meeting. 6. The adviser is expected to be in

will be a period of opportunities The strength of the program for regular attendance at the ward youth adult the leadership of meeting held Aaronic each members under month litthe the give to—opportunities the bishopric. direction of the personal At rests five these priesthood fundaupon qualify to more tle push needed this the render, to will meeting, adviser the to mentals, degree and which individuals and more activities bishopric, quorums they the of her an account

for the award. are exercised will determine the extent for the month. A report on each girl in her

of progress. group will be expected.

NOVEMBER 1949 741

THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE

{Continued from page 705) sire for anything but peace, not the faces in hideous colors, seized their come to this fort in the borderland, least preparation for anything but guns, and rode away in a jostling that just across the river within peace. gang for the detested little colony.

sound of their voices, lived fifteen "I have been telling my people Danger, prolonged and intensithousand or more unconquered you are our friends,"he said. "I fied, had bred courage in the

Navajos, who had terrified southern told them you have always been builders of the fort, not only in the

Utah at intervals for a quarter of our friends. I told them to go hearts of the men, but also in the

a century and who could be inhome and let the matter pass. I hearts of women. It was often

flamed in an hour to a whitehot shall go back and send them home."their duty for long periods at a

fury by the merest trifle. Those He returned to the boat and up time to man the fort, to be its watchNavajos believed now that a man to the hiding mob from which he men, to preserve the vigil which

of the fort had killed one of their came, and very soon it was apparwas ever the price of their peace.

number, and what extravagant reent they had all gone away; none It was a woman who first sighted

venge they might claim was hard to of them could be seen. The crisis that dreadful horde of a hundred

guess. m seemed to be past. Navajos riding in fury towards

Whether the hours of the night When Barton died, his funeral Bluff. It was a woman who soothed

became still or whether they were was held in Bluff without fear of her terrified children and ran to disturbed by sounds echoing in the further trouble from the Navajos. calm the little folk who had been

cliffs, they were all ominous and Men returned to the freight road left alone across the street. It

slow in passing. The mothers and the camps to take up their was another woman, Mary N.

listened and peered mistrustingly work where they had dropped it. Jones, known to the Navajos as

into the darkness. Tom Holiday, Jim Joe, and the Estomuskeezy, who answered their

'[M'ext day men came in from the cream of the tribe lived on a plane call and met them in the street, to camps, from the freight roads high above the unprogressive herd. laugh banteringly at their painted

and other places in answer to the In the emotional hearts of that herd faces and feverish excitement, and call of night riders who told them rankled memories and traditions of to ask in their own tongue what of the danger. Everyone felt grave wrongs they had suffered; wrongs kind of joke they had come to play.

concern for what might happen. real or imaginary which had never She was the plucky interpreter and

Then onto that stage of dreadbeen duly avenged. clerk and diplomat for the San

ful things pending, came a wellThe soldiers of Spain had shed Juan Coop. Without "Aunt"Mary,

meaning actor, who threw the buildtheir blood, but the Navajos had and other women with her courage ers of the fort completely off their taken two drops of Spanish blood and resourcefulness, Bluff's asguard. Amasa Barton lingered a for every one they gave, and they signment in the wilderness never

week before he died, and in the had driven the Spanish power from could have been filled.

first half of that time the men from all countries adjacent to their own. Yet Aunt Mary, from her varied

Bluff kept fearful watch over him, The United States had driven them experiences with the Navajos in the and all the time they kept a vigilant away and shut them up like cattle store, could not fail to recognize eye on a mob of Navajos peeping for three years—the memory of it this as a grave threat of violence to

from the cliff beyond the river. was a sting! The mention of it an the helpless little community. In

In the broad light of one of those insult! these hundred men, surrounding her

May days, instead of in the nightThese Mormons had shed their with their guns in their hands and time, as the watchers had feared, blood in many a shameful fight beglaring uncompromisingly down they saw a man come straight down yond the big river, and now they from their saddles, she saw the imfrom that mob to the river, to the had come to shed their blood right placable spirit which had resisted boat. He made no effort to keep out at the nation's door. The three Spain—the wrath and resentment

of sight; he rowed with deliberate brothers had been massacred in of a people unconquered by three

stroke to the north side, and climbed Grass Valley! Tom Holiday and years of captivity.

to the shelf to where the weary other old cranks had tried to exThis was the crisis hour of a watchers sat by the dying man. plain that somehow it was all right, generation; the fort must hold its

It was Tom Holiday, one of the but it was all wrong. The Navajos own today or it could be a fort no

important chiefs who had been twice were in no humor to admit anylonger. If the peculiar ethics which

to Salt Lake City at the invitation thing was right where Navajo blood saved Jacob Hamblin from the of Brigham Young and John Taylor had been spilled. Old Eye had flames could not be successfully into hear and subscribe to peace been shot through the heart in a voked for this situation, the fight of

treaties between his people and the Mormon's store, and they were the years was ignominiously lost.

Mormons. Impressive in size, magasked to believe it was done there Estomuskeezy contrived to send

netic, and intelligent, he marched by one of their own people, and a for her father, Bishop Nielson, and boldly up to the Barton home, gave friend to the murdered man. How for her husband, Kumen Jones, two

them friendly greetings and asked ridiculous! of the only three men to be found

what the trouble was all about. The chronic agitators waved their in Bluff or in its nearby fields. Until

They told him what had happened, firebrands and raised a war whoop. they came, she wielded the charm

showed him the unconscious man, It stirred the blood of fighting of her calmness on the restless mob.

and assured him they had no degenerations, and they painted their ( To be continued 742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tbat keepigiiiiilBOOKS Now is the time to start ordering your gifts. With Christmas just around the Calendar.

This year give books that are enriched with philosophy, history and scriptural information.

EVERY LATTERDAY SAINT FAMILY SHOULD HAVE A COPY OF

BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS By Emma Marr Petersen

Here's that new classic everyone's talking about. It is

the first Bible Story book ever published with the Latterday Saints'viewpoint expressed. Young members will

enjoy reading the rich and beautiful stories. Through diligent research and the ability to write for young people, 75

Emma Marr Petersen has made an everlasting contribution to Church literature.

THE FOUR ESTATES

OF MAN By Gilbert Charles Orme It s a fascinating$1.75study of our preexistence, mortal life and the hereafter.

A volume that represents years of research and writing of the material from the standard works and church literature.

GEMS OF THOUGHT

Compiled and Arranged By Milton R. Hunter LATTERDAY THE AMERICAS $1.00 PROPHETS You'll enjoy this upto-date explanation SPEAK BEFORE COLUMBUS doctrines. of Church Contains those By Daniel H. Ludlow beauBy Dewey Farnsworth fromtiful passagesthe "Deseretby ourNews"GeneralChurchAuthoritiessection.

"The Improvement Era"and conference reports.

II $R.OO $4

of teachings the L. D. with doctrinal S. Packed SCRIPTURES

oi the Church, presidents book eight Gilbert By 5 Charles Orme offers beneenlightening of wealth andthis a the Enriched with graphic of a drama pricefor ficial everyone. information A golden this empire, will truly book be for missionaries less reference and book

It's treasured authentic by everyone. an students.. Gospel presentation of the early American peoples First and only$4.50Church reference book with

of twentyfive side index. hundred handy 2,000 years ago. Val- a referSome

ences subjects 319 are at your ringer uable to missionaries. as an aid

tips. for.Perfect.. teachers, missionaries

and Gospel students. FAMILY RECORD

BINDER SPECIALWrite forNOTICElisting of booksTO FULLand specialTIMEdiscountMISSIONARIESprivileges $2.50 Priceless for genealogical workers. Keeps

records filed safely and conveniently. Deof requests. to thousands meet signed

for size family standard Suitable history BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH charts. pedigree and

NOVEMBER 194 743 THE WESTERN RESERVE (Harlan Hatcher. The Story of New

Company, Inc., Indianapolis. 1949, 365

pages. $4.00.) RN TIHI JL t>4X\ Connecticut in Ohio. BobbsMerrill kS 'T'his scholarly, wellwritten volume

is interesting from start to finish.

In telling of the pioneer struggles

THE STORY OF DESERET for children these days, about so many with forest clearing, town building, (Thomas C. Romney. Zion's Printing things, all good in their place, percanals, business, highways, railroads,

and Publishing Co., Independence, Mo. haps; but many of them on superficial ship routes, and other activities, it re1948. 268 pages. $1.75.) subjects. But here is a book that will lates really how America came to be,

give children an early introduction to and points out, often inadvertently, the '"Phis readable, scholarly volume rethe characters and spirit of the Bible. soundness of the heritage which has

counts the labors, struggles, One story of the Jaredites of the Book made our land good to live in.

the course, story of could Ohio Of is introduced. also of Mormonhopes, first conquests and the of peotold well not be without mentioning its to find well deserves This workple settle in to the Great Basin of

the Saints. Therefore, Latterday a in and place young every where homeNorth America. is material The

is chapter of pages twenty devoted found. children impressionablegrouped under headings as such

fair, to at the Kirtland, a Mormons L. E.organization, are—R. emigration, political and

resiof the story uniquely unbiased life,industrial social and and educain of the Kirtland dence and Mormonstional conditions. life This gives to

vicinity during the pregnant of years SIMPLIFIED FOUNDATION recitalthe facts. historical of The 1838. 1831 to FOR MATHEMATICSmagnificent vision of in the pioneers

in Kirtland Conditions the Liljenquist. Joseph when Published (E. L. bythe their exploration of newfound

arrived, conversion of Sidney Smith Salt 7th East, author, 45 South Lakeland in the of and conquering manner of the Rigdon, development and the 123 pages, Utah, $2.50.)

it is clearly brought out as the story City clearly are portrayed. Order, United

progresses. chapters are deTwo speculation period wild in Ohio

his officialvoted HpEACHERS of mathematics who have The to Brigham Young, late the attempts of in the 1830's, and associates, this that and the the flocked agree people book examined who his to associates Smith and Joseph into civilizathe Basin to help presents found more a somewhat approach security, the genwith economic win tion in the acquirthat of causes West. led simplified method The easy and are collapse in 1838, eral economic

to the pioneer Westward movement ing mathematics. The book should be told with careful regard to "honest"

interestinglyare subject portrayed. of this and to teachers book help of The picture the history. of page A fullis, in the easily read, inmaster to fact, a concise, students to who wish is printed with a Kirtland temple good

formative account of the settlement of subject rapidly and clearly. description of its architecture and dedithe the Intermountain of United West

... of the "It cation. remained one has mathematics, of elements basic TheStates. diligent of the research The in architecture striking of pieces most the but changed, not course, have of light toauthor has unbrought much in chapter Reserve."the The Western improved. be of approach may method material. or formerly unusedknown

its veracity factual straightforward, is congratulated to be author The largely, should read be bookThe reading. refreshing makes ageold the into this adventure upon in as at or textbook awhether home off is to look It to time take good subject.school.—/. A. W. at A. our W. A. W.—/. beginnings.—/.

BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITY

LATTERDAY SAINTS {Continued from page 723) means by which we sometimes seem to is fact that conthe he But it move. his in by this Marr book(Emma Petersen-—Illustrated library—others, let tent slowly us so to must move anyalmost to ask hesitate don't seems, BookbyRichard I. Elkins—Published it significant, that be some and be may them."of everything thing and pages.craft, City. 148 Salt Lake that are shortcuts sometimes the of

all and Presidency, First the Now,$1.75.) us, for not be suggested good would

I believe, earnestly brethren, other the or as individually a Church.

can they willing what to do very I recall personality of great that a has a gifted mother, whoCrom their and time full limit of the to an aredo, brilliance Lucifer very had some named finer for appreciation earnest people certainly strength, when and to shortcuts suggest drastic they and things, comes this volume of some sixty have questions and problems, they were rejected of our Father in heaven.

told, for must simplyBible stories, well and story conof another I am reminded answers. early school ofreading asable by children feel Afreemantoshouldask someonenot carry thean cerning a shortcut that my with question around him unanswered of children to for readingage Square, sociate Brother and Temple on

it without within him let canker and atto invited D. Hanks, age. Marionpreschool my for the answer. ask to able being It intention an ago. sometime was of E. Peterthe name Mark While I far the that as Church sure so But am late related the cident Justice by of the does the of Council Twelvesen is indiconcerned, its extent to broad LInited States the of Sutherland

his and encouragement appear, Presinot First the with audiences vidual ago, Court. years he Supreme Some

brethren are with the other acknowledgedcollaboration and by dency fewer. proportionately shall be is his wife; and rethe author, who And recalledascended a thegroupArchof ofmen,Triumphwho hadin

gardless of what part each of them greater and greater and wider and Paris, and one very brilliant young has played, together they have prowider, responsibility on the part of all man among them was theorizing as to least the and us, youngest to of down descending. various the of ways There earnestly that will be a workduced for able, the watchword be must stairs the they which the were could down their parents want by whowelcomed that things the need of accomplishment slowly laboriously or descend, and one early at an impressed to bechildren to accomplished. be over of the the could jump edge of the ageless the messageage with I is conthe don't Lord why know thus and be monument down much

ancient scriptures. tent to let us move by the slow means, sooner. Then the brilliant young man

There are so many stories in print or at least by the seemingly slow (Concluded on page 746) 744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Now—the miracle rubber which revolu-c

tionized the tire industry comes to you—exclusively in the Voit XB20.

Same official standard of weight, shape, size with a new high in performball in the history of the game—costing

ance at 8 lbs. playing pressure. PLUS no more than an ordinary basketball.

the new unequalled strength and duraRemember, no basketball ever built can bility of COLD rubber. either outperform or outwear the new

Imagine—the most outstanding basketXB20.

NEW YORK 10, CHICAGO 6, LOS ANGELES 11

*REG. U.S. PAT. OFF.

NOVEMBER 1949 745 DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITY {Concluded from page 744) Men are only at their best and most of angels. He could take these and

proceeded to demonstrate his theory: effective under conditions of voluntary other shortcuts. He could no doubt

he jumped over the edge, and the next cooperation and never under condido many things much more quickly, but day they buried him. tions of coercion. When President he is interested in us, in our initiative, in

I think some of the shortcuts sugSmith mentioned earlier this morning our development, in our agency, in our gested these days in the world (and the Constitution of the United States, voluntary willingness to cooperate one maybe some of the shortcuts suggested the first line from the preamble came to with another, and to move toward his among us) may be in this category. my mind: purposes for our own soul's salvation

It serves the purposes of God, apas well as for the good of his work in the of the people United We, States, in the earth. parently, to imthrough men, work

perfect union, to order form a more I pray that we may each of us sense are. perfect as Certainly they there

are many things that he could accomour responsibility in the world and plish more rapidly than by letting us "We, the people"—it was not an in the Church, and that we who have

do them in our fumbling and faltering edict from some tall tower directing responsibility for any part of the work way. Certainly he could send armies that some mass of people should do may learn to delegate detail as ocof angels to accomplish the things he something regardless of their own casion requires and trust these men

has placed on our shoulders if he wishes. "We the people"do this. Men our brethren and these women our

chose to do so. Jesus said to his own are most affective under conditions of sisters to do their part in pushing

generation that God could raise up voluntary cooperation, and that is one forward the things that need to be children unto Abraham from the very of the great pillars of strength of this done, and to feel a sense of responstones. I think all this must lead us Church. The free agency of man is sibility as concerns carrying forward

to only one conclusion, which is basic basic. We are committed to it, and this work.

in this Church: that the Lord lets us corollary with it is our own individual I should like to leave with you my

move as we move because it is his initiative and willing cooperation in a conviction concerning the truthfulness purpose and glory to bring to pass great cause. and ultimate destiny of those things

our eternal and everlasting salvation, Now I have no concern as to the abilto which we are committed in this our immortality and eternal life; and ity of our Father in heaven to accomChurch, which we earnestly accept as

if he were to take some of these shortplish his purposes in the earth. He could the Church of Jesus Christ, and I do

cuts, it might do the work without deraise up children to Abraham from the it in the name of the Lord Jesus veloping the individual. very rocks. He could send armies Christ. Amen.

FOUNDATION FOR FAITH

{Concluded from page 722) in the Church, so that one wonders or any stake president or any of the if their lives justify it, than which no why anybody should let trivial things leaders shall be absolutely perfect in greater blessing could ever be given drive him from it. his life, but I would have you underto man. If those three things are not I heard the other day of a man who stand that it is my belief that those

something to offer to the people of left the Church because his son was who stand as the presiding officers of the world, what do they want? Getting denied entry into the temple—I imagthis Church have nothing but high and

past that, we have other things that ine, justifiably so. You find people who holy motives in the things they do and

were restored. We have the true manleave the Church because, sometimes, that they constantly and continuously

ner of the administration of the sacrathey think the bishops and stake presiand always seek the spirit of God to ment of Christ. There is no other place dents do not understand them. They prompt them in the decisions they

in the world that you can find stated do not think of these broad and basic make, the programs they suggest.

the blessings that must be used on the things, faith in God; faith in the reBrethren and sisters, the Church

water and the bread, than in the revealed word as it has come from the offers a program that 'should be atvealed scripture of the Church of Prophet Joseph Smith, that he was tractive to all, because it is through

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. You actually an inspired servant of God; the observance of that program that

find live will better not only and lives righteous the earth hereYou itfindin theit inDoctrinethe Bookandof Mormon.Covenants. faithfollowedin thehimappointedwith anleadersunbrokenwho haveline menmore on

things. fosters in as education these minister no to Church authority of The live gain while they greater here and

it religious in the things,other organization seems important are the They greater greater joy happiness and and

I think, sisters, done.world, ever has and brethren when The and to me, it satisfaction, also the but paves way

if cololdest the boasts to churchdominant you want think Mormonism, we in exaltation to the presence of God,

I inlege, believe, the it world, of the located that, think call when we this Father, our mortal Heavenly when it is It isin old, that true it basic that Mexico. those to gospel, seems me shall end. sojourn

almost as old as the discovery of things are the ones that we should

America, but what was it used for? think of and appreciate, and we should It is my testimony to you that I

It was used to educate a few people not worry too much about the profeel, deep down in my heart, the truth who could minister to the masses, but hibitions that it gives us. There is of these things, that because I sense

it was never made available to the not a single one of them that is not this, I am willing to devote my life masses of the people, not even desirset up for the benefit and blessing of to their teachings as one of the great able, some writers say, that the masses men. It is true that many men are frail missionary forces to which President

should be educated, but the Church and have great difficulty in observing McKay has referred today. I only

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints all of those things, but they should not hope and desire in serving you that offers an educational program to young let their failure to observe them, their I may do it with full love and fellowand old, the like of which no other lack of power to observe them, drive ship, without hate, in my heart, toward church has ever done. them out of the Church, because in any man, that when men come for adWe have our youth program, which other sections they are given liberty vice God may inspire me to give them

is being copied by many today, which and license that the Church of Jesus the advice that will encourage them is an offering to the young that they Christ of Latterday Saints cannot and comfort them, that in all my should not consider lightly. condone. ministry the spirit of God may charOne could go on, if time permitted, The Lord has to use human elements acterize my acts.

to enumerate the many benefits and in the guidance of this great work, and May God bless us, I pray in Jesus'blessings that come from membership it is not to be expected that any bishop name. Amen.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

How safety -circle'driving cuts down accidents

Know your safetycircle!"is an important ples in our Driver Training Program,

lesson taught Standard of California drivbesides passing thorough visual examinaers... and perhaps it can be helpful to you. tions. Last year, they drove 41 million

miles with an accident rate 60% lower

Your safetycircle is the distance you than the national trucking fleet average.

need to meet an emergency situation—

car stopping suddenly ahead, for example.

Our drivers get a special test which tells them exactly how fast they react, but in general, it takes the average person a full second to see a hazard, think what to do and act. So, driving on a clear road, at 30

miles an hour, you should stay at least 7 car lengths behind the car ahead; when

you drive 45 miles an hour, stay behind 13 car lengths.

More than 5,000 Standard drivers have

Studied this and many other safety princi747NOVEMBER 1949 100K UP AT THE SPIRES (Concluded from page 724) missionary bearing his testimony of Your brother said: 'Well, Father, I want a

I shall read a few verses from the what it meant to the family for a young pair of Levis, and I want to go to the

Ninetieth Psalm: I Fair, rest the County to and send want to mission, a the man go on and how "

to his mission.'brother on my truly this provided, incirecited Lord

.. Return, Lord, O: dent

satisfy us early with. thy that mercy; that within. enjoyed voice He The rejoice all we may and be glad our I left I didn't home, whether When know in his guiding Lord tender him was

... days it father able to be would not, or make years. spirit that the caught had He Let thy appear unto work servants, thy in the keeping expenses, up but he and his in brother service. missionary had thy and glory their children. unto said, we'll mother the best "Go, do can we I feeling the bear same With let my the beauty, of the And Lord our for you, Son."testimony: patience have wherever us. you be 1690:1314, upon God (Psalm I field. into the missionary came We are called labor, 17.) to for that those

all getting right, been along had and the you work whom up to may "look spires,"receive inspiration and and 1 pray that this spirit of a voice lastHe toldweektheI receivedstory thata theyletter werefrom workingFather.

within, the Lord trying to speak to us hard, and they had harvested a good comfort. Oh, listen to the voice withand guide us, may be with us. It is a crop, and then he told the story of my in, that it may guide you safely on the

very personal affair. We do not need little brother eleven years old. way. Do not be disturbed by the

to wait for any great occasion dependDad said, "I have been giving your scare lines of papers and commentaing on someone else to assist us. His brother work on the binder. We were tors on the radio. Know that you

Spirit will be with us every day, at all giving him fifty cents an acre to run it. have God with you if you but do his

times, if we serve God humbly and He had done very well; he had worked will.

early came and late. the day Then whenpray for his guidance. I thank him humbly for these things, him. neighbors were to pay The we

This delightful experience came in had sent in their checks and I was going and I bear testimony and pray for all the form of a testimony out in the misto pay him. I asked him: 'Now Son, of us, in the name of Jesus Christ.

sion that I recently visited. A young what are you going to do with the money?'Amen.

THE SUPREME TEST OF RELIGION

[Continued from page 721) Work, with faith in Jesus Christ can one of refinement and culture. The

nants, and The Pearl of Great Price. accomplish anything. people became lovers of good literabeautifully they teach do the ture.How they camping were Even when directive the purpose a ProphWhat of Shakespeare:words frozen of as on the they ground Iowa in et gives the us Smith Joseph words their far to the exodus West, in Section as of the began the found 88th is piece of a a work What man! how their they read sacred bebooks and Doctrine Covenants: and in infinite reason!noble in faculty! in how fore in knelt the campfires they prayer.

moving expressform and and admirhow... in are told that the of one diligently seek teach one ye and We inable! like action angel! an how

of in apanother yea, out seek of Cottin's Mile. wisdom; words a copy ye camps was likeprehension a (Shakespeare, God! how

best of the of seek books words wisdom; It entitled story, beautiful "Elizabeth."II, Sc. 2.) ActHamlet

faith. learning, also study even by and by after that so sought read was some

yourselves; prepare Organize every the the light of the book moon. by of Think can your what message thing; establish house, needful a and even sustained were They and day by by as forth teach.become to go But you fasting, prayer, of of house a house a a night byit is going to require of you some faith, learning, of of house a house a

sort of planning toward an end. Your house of glory, a house of order, a house... keeping up the songs of Zion, and

minds must become more sensitive to of God. (Verse 118119.) passing along Doxologies from front to

the revealed truths of God as never rear when the breath froze on their eyebefore. Your faith in your work must From the beginning of the history lashes.

deepen from day to day. Let me call of the Church, Joseph Smith organized

to your minds the words of the first schools of learning. He became a Jane Bicknell Young, the wife of

two verses of the first chapter of the student and a member of the Latin, Joseph Young, sang to her children

Book of Mormon: Greek, and Hebrew classes estabthe "Song of the Silent Land":

in lished the Kirtland Temple. He

Into Silent the Land! I, Nephi, having of been born goodly the established University of the City

shall lead us thither?parents, therefore Who taught I was somewhat of the building encouraged Nauvoo,

in the evening Clouds sky darkly more allin the learning father; of having and my of of the Science. In Seventies Hall gather afflictions inseen the course of many my five the of volume Times Seasons and lie shattered wrecks thicker the And on nevertheless,days, having highly been

is brief, this statefound but noble strand. all in of thefavored Lord days; yea, my

having had a great knowledge of the ment: Who leads us with a gentle hand

goodness and the mysteries of God, thereThither, oh, thither, the going improvements forward Among Into the Silent Land.fore in a record proceedings I make of my

city, this in praise, merit higher than none days.my

trained Seventies'the Library. concern They has themselves to read and The in Yea, a record I make the language

of my father, which consists of the learnbeen commenced on a footing and scale, to think, but they had no set regulaing of the Jews and the language of the broad enough to embrace the arts and tions for their studies. They embraced

Egyptians. (I Nephi 1:1-2.) sciences, everywhere: so that the Seven only guiding principles. They knew

ties'while travelling over the face of the nothing of set rules and methods which globe, Soldiers,"the as Lord's "Regular their tribute noble a have limited would to imaginations education What all things, the curious gather can both initiative, are.these and Lehi which words important had are so an become artificial, all the natural with knowland

in his the in successful presentationeducated day, of great man and his inventions, edge, wonderful specimens and son pays him loving tribute. So you of genius that have been gracing the truths. One of the first things that

must study the words of Holy Writ world for almost six thousand years, (p. President Brigham Young did after the

every hour of the day and remember 762; January 1, 1845.) advent of the pioneers to Utah was

the admonition of the first teacher to issue an epistle—and this in 1847

to the American Indians, called by The early history of the Church of which reads as follows:

some the apostle John Eliot: Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was (Concluded on page 750)

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KJ9 9?2* /XfWkWMkfZ/& f%!&> S%&-i /1?Jj- (?t&->2 JSrT>-Q S57r>S. JZ?r$ f-2TiS /<<Tt9 Q/?">-P QzSTip Q/-yrp ojro ojyrp o/-2T*S> o/-27>**9 S57?i&

I AGAIN THISc=.r=3CHRISTMAS

m THOUSANDS

Will Turn to ORA PATE STEWART'S 1 m BOOKS

For the gifts that will bring joy

and pleasure throughout the

year and years.

(Autographed and Gift Wrapped Free of Charge for

Your Special Friends, if Requested.)

li

\p Mail This Coupon Today and Forget Your Christmas Shopping

ORA PATE STEWART c/o Col. Robert W. Stewart

1 CHANUTE AFB, RANTOUL, ILLINOIS

Please send me the following books:

PAGES FROM THE OF EVE $2.50 BOOK 2.00 m I TALK ABOUT CHILDREN MY D

GLEANINGS 2.50

GOD PLANTED A TREE 1.00

COMBINATION (All four above books plus an EXTRA COPY of God Planted a Tree

FREE OF CHARGE) 8.00 m

For which I enclose $ Please Gift Wrap in Christmas paper (no charge)

Name Address tit

o &\ZsJo 6*Jj&/b G\Z&So o""iCwo o**Q}Z/b oCco o\/o &*2sfo &*\&&/b <$\ZJo d\/b o\I&/o o*wo d*J&/b &*2zZ/b o-/o 5iwo ovcvo ico o Js-/b o

NOVEMBER 1949 749 THE SUPREME TEST OF RELIGION (Concluded from page 748) theatre in the wilderness which in time The Mormons have achieved a civilizapeople. other attained tion hardly by any artists the of recognized became by

It is all that the desirable Saints very half they century changed a have In barely the as well as the stage famous London opportunity of seevery improveshould are into garden. saltdesert a They a B. of dramatists America. Mr. M. least of atcuring a valuable every copy citizens, lawabiding, admirable moreover in his written Leavitt Years has Fiftytreatise book, map, on progressive. honest, and education—every Stage: the American of inchart, that or contain diagram may

useful,teresting, to attractive matter, and Christ, of missionaries Jesus I You the seem, statement as Sweeping may children, of attention cause thegain and predivine are the taught Savior, our theater that the has ever believe not do to to also learn read; to lovethem and the its religion of Master, to plane, the as of higher both cepts a rested on

historical, philosophimathematical,every its Salt to offerings, at all than in purpose the forth world and go and youcal, geological, geographical, astronomical,

Capital the City, of fathers Mormondom. Lake faith of of the your teach. Outscientific, all practical, variety other and

is all that holy peoples to take you writings, interesting usefulof maps, and a great has today become Utah report. of Your good and and pureetc., to to the church present general restate. has Huntington Ellsworth inshall selfdevotion be zeal shall their theyrecorder, arrive at and when entitled in his written cently book, aspirations, indestination, important heavenly from which and creased. Your

Civilization Climate: and toteresting matter gleaned be comendless sympathies, your may your human

pile the most valuable works on every The proud position of Utah is presumdeeds of charity will bring you the science and subject, for the benefit of the ably the result of Mormonism. The hearts of the people. You need never

rising generation. We have a printing leaders of that faith have had the wisdom hesitate, for you have entered upon

press, take can one any and good who schools, of system a to insist thorough on responsibilities, duties and your many the to will valleyprinting writing or paper to the children attend obliged have and "with trials discouragements and your the themselves blessing Church.be and selfin "Gentiles"them. have The gentleness the Peter of and zeal the all also of kinds mathematical wantWe well, to equally forced defense do and been the read you of Well may John."all together specirareinstruments, with result admirable. the has been Whatever Smith Prophet the Joseph of words curiosities natural of of works andmens religious of as think a Mormonism one may Faith: Articles of in the wrote as heart that gathered. be can it belief, credited with having be must

in spreadaccomplished a remarkable work chaste, true, honest, in being believe first library the extensive In We 1851 alof education degree ing moderate a to in doing good virtuous, and state. to brought ox teams bywas the of benevolent, people universally among most

folthat say all indeed, we may we men;It in purchased been had York Utah. NewthisCity by Dr. John M. Bernhisel and low the admonition of Paul—We believe

was a wonderful collection of books. Count Hermann Keyserling, the all things, we hope all things, we have

There were the works of Shakespeare, noted German philosopher and histoendured many things, and hope to be able

Milton, Bacon, Homer, Juvenal, Lurian, came to Salt Lake City a few to endure all things. If there is anything

cretius, Virgil, Euripides, Sophocles, years ago and afterwards wrote in virtuous, lovely, or of good report or

Plato, Montaigne, Tacitus, Spenser, his Travel Diary of a Philosopher praiseworthy, we seek after these things.

Herodotus, Goldsmith, and many these words: (Thirteenth Article of Faith.)

others of the great masters of the world's best literature. The library

received copies of the New York

Herald, New York Evening Post, the A WORKING FAITH

Philadelphia Saturday Courier, and the

North American Review. Of the (Continued from page 720) way have done."That prayer stimufaith. boy. lated healed our Lord Thescientific there Newton's were works will well,"to get the help and you is It privilege, brethglorious a my Herschel's OutlinesPrincipia, of said: brother Brother Young, "Well, this sisters, to to belong ren and Humboldt'sAstronomy, and Von said: can't the heal Father me?"Lord is practical. that Church, Church a treatises philosophy onCosmos. The heal the but course you, Lord can "Of spiritual powers. great These have of Stuartincluded the We John works the given has us and Lord means ways of the things elements practical have Luther,Mill, Martin Wesley, John that will help to healed, us be he and spirituality them. about Anyone who Swedenborg. Emanueland to expects us them."use the Prophet anything about knew will into going permit not Time my I recall that occasion another came that he was Young Brigham knew early the aspects cultural ofthe days into of Sister experience the Young faith, unlimited spiritual, that he had Saints Latterday theof Church. The only our and boy when was me his it that all realized he with but first, cultured the people a fromwere ill. peritonitis seriously that time At to to had and people had work lives. this in their indicated theyand fatal. generally This had had boy was received, and for they struggle what rethe of educational inventoryThe i'c it for several days, to appeared and for provide to people the inspired he ofsources Dr. been have Utah what case. hopeless the a surgeon, be The is It occasion said one themselves. on Dutton, of Uni- T.Samuel Columbia late Dr. Middleton, George who W. in meeting a President that was Young out. reversity, pointed has These the operated boy, on what removed discussing brethren the were where First, are: churches, homes,sources little his could. of appendix he He meeting subjects, theological a some libraries; second,schools, newsand all night, the us with remained and in while called that been Nauvoo had magazines,papers, drama, museums, told that us next should morning we built. President being temple the was third, thoseindustry, government; and I for tribute the worst. prepare pay will "If said: you arose and Young ethical ofintellectual aptitudes and of to Middleton. a Dr. was man He I like to and go should me, excuse it for possiblethe people which make faith. great him Those knew who It is striking the a temple."on work influenced to be quickened andthem faith. that Sometimes he had knew is necesof where work work example right direction.in the in liberal his as too regarded he was

The pioneers were always striving thinking, but he did have faith in the sary.

to understand the arts and sciences, providence and the priesthood of the Now we are faced today with some for they sensed keenly the power of Almighty. Finally he said: "Let us rather serious problems, and I say to

constants—hungerall truth. They knewand labor,the humanseedadministerhim, and I recallto thistheboy."substanceI anointedof Dr. youwe arethatthroughwe willthatbe wegratefulhave beforewithin

time and harvest, love and faith Middleton's sealing prayer. "Father,"this Church those elements that teach

which entered into their lives from he said, "we have done all that we us to provide and to help the Lord to the very first. They built this Tabercan for this boy. We ask thee now provide for the things for which we

divinenacle in thy to touch towith which him power we are worshiping pray, and when we pray for those who his to establishing continuedday. to sanctify heal him and They and to

schools and colleges and established a good the things that we in our weak (Concluded on page 752) 750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oriation

THO individuals, Union Pacific Railroad offers comfortable, safe transportation, with convenient, fast service to the East, California, and Pacific

Northwest. The moment you step aboard a Union

Pacific train you relax and enjoy comfortable, smooth riding and restful travel. No highway

traffic to bother you.. no worry or strain.

TPO industry, Union Pacific Railroad offers dependable transportation. Industrial development of the West has always been vitally linked

with the Union Pacific Railroad, whose double track and centralized traffic control produces faster schedules and greater efficiency in meeting present and future needs of industry in this era of greater

Intermountain industrial expansion. Since the driving of the Golden Spike at Promontory, Utah, in

1869 which symbolized the linking of the East and

West, Union Pacific has played an everincreasing role in the industrial development of the eleven western states which it serves.

NOVEMBERUNION10/ PACIFIC RAILROAD751

A WORKING FAITH (Concluded from page 750) may be spiritually bowed down, who hand, and then we shall be prepared are in need, we are prepared to help may be lacking in the things that feed for whatever comes. That is the spirit

the Lord in answering those prayers. the soul. We can bring comfort to of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ,

Now, there is another phase of it. them and help them in their problems. and may God help us that we may

We frequently pray for those who I repeat that I am not unmindful that always nave it. I am grateful to you,

mourn and who are bowed down with sometimes the Lord does not always anmy brethren and sisters, for your sorrow, and that is as it should be, but swer the prayers the way we would like association, for the strength that I we have the same elements of comfort to have them, but he does answer them feel as I visit among you in your in the operation of the Holy Priesthood. the way they should be. At times we stakes. I am grateful for my brethren

We are constantly urging our brethren may need physical blessings, and we with whom I am associated, for their and sisters to visit our people and to do not always receive them, but we loving kindness and for their faith.

administer to them in their spiritual receive spiritual blessings and those I am grateful to the Lord for his goodneeds. That is another practical way spiritual blessings help us to make adness to me. I pray that we may never

of carrying out some of the teachings justments and to feel that no matter fail in acknowledging him and in doing that we hold dear. Our ward teachers what is, it will be right if we are in the things that we should do to further

and our Relief Society teachers have tune with the Holy Spirit. The Lord his work temporally and spiritually,

a charge to bring comfort to those who does not expect us to be selfish about and I humbly ask it in the name of are less fortunate than we and who it. He expects us to acknowledge his Jesus Christ. Amen.

FRUITS OF THE GOSPEL

(Continued from page 719) It is this assurance within a person tained by such an assurance. From

kings, who have received of his fulness, which brings to him the peace in this the hand of the Lord "he had a promand of his glory; world which will sustain him in every ise of receiving a crown of righteous-

... they are gods, even the sons of tribulation. ness."

in.. the. explanation taught Prophet SoGod

Peter. that... I am now ready to be offered, the of Although words shall These dwell in the presence of God of

apostle the voice of had heard God ever. his forever Christ andand he wrote to Timothy just previous to declare, the Savior with when he was shall bring are they he These whom his death. on the holy mount, in shall the he him,with come when

the to reign earth ofclouds heaven on

I fight, fought I have a have good his This peopleover

I is my beloved Son, in whom I am finished faith: course, the kept have my pleased,... first well shall the in part have who is there laid Henceforth up for a me

resurrection. of righteousness, the crown Lord, which

... who shall come forth in the resurhe nevertheless wrote to the Saints, the righteous judge, shall that at give me

rection of the just. day. (2 Tim. 4:6-8.)

written are are they whose These names also sure of a have more word We...in heaven prophecy; well whereunto ye do that ye I think Apostle Alonzo A. Hinckley

... celestial, are bodies whose whose heed. take (2 1:19.) Peter rean assurance that he had would is glory the the that sun, ofglory even

all, glory highest of theof whose God, is the Explaining this statement the Prophworldceive theto comegift ofandeternalthat helifewasin susthe of firmament written as being of thesun typical. (D. & C. 76:5456, 58, 6265, 68, et said: tained by that assurance as he endured

70.) the sufferings of a slow death, for in

Though they might hear the voice of a letter which he wrote to the First that the of Jesus and Son know was God after told Presidency he been had life gift by eternal the in of world This this their that evidence be 'God, would no his his illness that physician be fully not, would course, of beto come may calling election sure, that and was made fatal, said: he life. assurearth duringrealized An part Christ, they joint with had were and

it in will the that obtained beance heirs him. then with would want They I I disthat assure not deeply you am to be had however, may,world come that sure of that prophecy, more word

I final results. the turbed over am fact, of thisin world. matter a As in sealed they the heavens, were had and I reconciled, reach take to and hands my celestial blessings the ofthe life kingdom eternal in the of promise the kingdom

it life for Father has me, what be my this of to sealed only promise havingare those Then, God. promised have who spirit death. or a thanksgiving, of With

it to them, unto the soul, anchor an was assurance. to the Accordingsuch an I trust free from or boastfulvanity and

steadfast. sure the and thunders Thoughvision, for successful these a candidate I ness, look the satisfaction. over past with

roll flash, lightnings might earthand and qualifyblessings three counts: must on I leaf the turn not would on any down bellow, quakes gather thick and warFirst, "... the received he life. must have I of chapter far as So know, my

this around, yet hope and knowledge I of believedtestimony Jesus, have and on honored Father Heavenly my in the soul support would every hour time, all talents, with humblehis baptized and my my been and "... name"trial,'trouble tribulation. of (D. and H. C. that the with, has blessed he means and meafter of his the burial"; second, manner 5:387390.)

I I all justly dealt have with men. have Spirit "the receivedhe must have Holy

I fairly. fought, but fought have the laying the of of hands on himby It such assurance an suswas which I future, to the misgivings. As have no is this sealed ordained unto andwho

is the tained It I himself glorious, inviting Prophet as sense and he went and third, he "sealed andpower"; must be

it clearly rather to for martyrdom, be saved what means the unto him Lord Spirit promise."of (D.by the Holy & to the of redeeming blood Christ Jesus by in said direct a revelation: had

C. 76:5153.) and to be exalted by his power and be

The Prophet Joseph taught that one with...theeI ameventhe untoLord thethyendGodof andthe willworld,be withMarchhim27, ever1949.)more. (Church Section,

so sealed would have within himself and through all eternity: for verily I sealan assurance born of the spirit, that upon you your exaltation, and prepare a These fruits of the gospel—assurhe would obtain eternal life in the throne for you in the kingdom of my ance that we shall obtain eternal life,

world to come. He urgently and reFather, with Abraham your father. (D. peace in this world sustained by such

peatedly admonished the Saints of his 6 C. 132:49.) an assurance, and finally eternal life

day to obtain such an assurance by in the world to come—are within the

making their calling and election sure. The Apostle Paul was likewise sus- (Concluded on page 754)

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Strengths mATower to intermountain I industry and individuals Since 1859

You are invited to make Walker's li* litI your bank for any *;

financial service

tJif*

WL

ww*'.'>-* i- 1,

WalkerBank & Trust Company SALT LAKE CITY Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Member Federal Reserve System

NOVEMBER 1949 753 FRUITS OF THE GOSPEL (Concluded from page 752) in answer to the question, "What lack after righteousness, and living by every reach of us all. Sometimes, however, I yet?"Jesus said unto him, word of God, and the Lord will soon say

shall exalted. Son, thou be him, unto lack of of understanding ourbecause proved has the thoroughly Lord When sell If perfect, wilt thou be go and I appreciation of them,and am peris that the finds determined him,. man and.. hast, the give to that thou poor and for that too takesuaded much we all the hazards, at then to serve him man follow (Matt. 19:21.) me. and come thatgranted. because assume we and his calling his election find will We and made

shall theare of Church, members we sure. 3:380.) (D. C. H. live everything could he Evidently

all course matter as thereceive of a welfare the program. but

I gospel.blessings of the heard have reservation. such be no can There us, bless the Lord may my claim that theypeople Now contend a have sacrifice willing to everybe must We sisters, underwith an brethren and been they becauseupon have them selfdiscipline thing. and Through his gospel. of great standing may And the temple, theythrough though even to the demonstrate devotion must we diligence with press and forward we the to carefulare covenants keep not willing are to serve that him Lord we qualify ourselves perfect to and energy I this think there notthey made. do all circumstances. under we When full fruits the enjoy receive and to case.will the be this, shall receive have an done we all things the are of for they thereof,

eternal shall that assurance take achave an a lesson from might we We soul. us each the Let joyous to most

life in to vithe come. the of world a Prophet givencount Then by ourin confront honesty solemn we day

this in shall in world. peace orsion have the resurrection, which he question, rich the man's selves with

that thingsrecords of the saddest Joseph The Prophet Smith made this one lack I yet?"with And thus, "What clear. sorperfectly witnessed ever hadhe was the He said, discovering frankness, utter our own

of of the Church membersrow who let limitations, conquer one us them faith in Christ, repents After has person a forth resurrection to a belowcame this in until obtain peace one we by is sins, his for baptized of the andthat for granted taken they had which that assurance through an world we sins his of the receives remission and receive.they would life in to the eternal shall world have the laying of hands), (by Ghost Holy on

I conceive the blessings of the gos-... then let him continue to humble himcome. For these blessings I pray in

pel to be of such inestimable worth that self before God, hungering and thirsting the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the price for them must be very exacting, and if I correctly understand what the Lord has said on the subject, it is. The price, however, is within

the reach of us all, because it is not norto be paid in any of in money this THE NEED FOR REPENTANCE living. righteousworld's but in goods

What is required is wholehearted devotion to the gospel and unreserved al- (Concluded from page 718) to that awful crisis, that I will repent,

I will return to that God. Nay, ye my oflegiance Christ to the Jesus Church occasions. around can on them You spirit this; for that cannot same say which Saints.of Speaking Latterday in to tie their knots branches without at bodies that the possess time your doththis point, the taught Prophet "... untied, breaking the bark. When life, spirit this that of out same go yethat the those keep commandwho their into the branches snap back in to will possess your have power body

in his of thements Lord walk and original position. eternal world. that

indiend, thestatutes to are the only in their survival, not We see, shall blessviduals"the receive behold, if ye For have procrastinated who alone, in their strength victory but repentance theings. of your even until day

spring again, ability to erect behold, subjected after death, have become ye Referring to Paul's devotion, he said:

gale's fury. Resiliency to the bending devil, the of to the spirit doth seal and he

Follow the labors of this apostle from is an important factor in the goal of you his; therefore, the Spirit of the Lord

the time of his conversion to the time of perfection. The winds of life may hath withdrawn from you, and hath no

his death, and you will have a fair sample bend us, but if we have resiliency of place in you, and the devil hath all power of industry and patience in promulgating spirit, they cannot break us. To over you; and this is the final state of the

the gospel of Christ. Derided, whipped, straighten again courageously after our wicked. (Alma 34:3435.)

and stoned, the moment he escaped the heads have been bowed in defeat, hands of his persecutors he as zealously disappointment, and suffering, is the May the Lord bless us to be able as ever proclaimed the doctrine of the supreme test of character. Such peoalways to keep the commandments of

Savior.... None will say that he did ple live on the mountaintops of life the Lord to the best of our ability. And

faith, that thenot fight keep did he not sisters, I bless brothers you, and my perfection. are the to on road and

fight,the that did he not preach good sufficient of strength with a memory to are have There many who bowed last. to the persuadeand what was And spirit the with and take to you home criticism for or or disappointment some to receive? of righteousness,he crown A this that conference, teachings of you their stopped other have such reason shall others receiveand what not do who truth kernels of forgetful of the not be faithfully, in the priesthood, progress the have to and continue end? and

light, so that not be and you and may their to leave search such out rise resiliency to the the to lacked ownlaborWe teachings the with numerous burdened ifblessings have. they (D. any H. C. in spite of opposition, and, occasion

lose that conference, of this you will progress. to2:1920.) continue you Can things, the important of and that insight mistakes and your acknowledge

put will them and them remember the Explaining to Prophet Joseph try telligently correct to them? Can you

the to teach practice them into and his theSmith exaltation reason why others'for also allowances you make of our members hundreds who many sealed said: him, thewas upon Lord the give opporthem weaknesses and

this conference. attend to able are not retribution? tunity to make

I sacrifices Behold, seen your have and will forgive all your sins; I have seen There is one important thing to re- I bless you, my brethren and sisters,

your sacrifices in obedience to that which member. As the time of repentance that you may be saints in very deed,

I have told you. (D. & C. 132:50.) is procrastinated, the ability to repent through your faithfulness and your degrows weaker. Neglect of opportunity votion to the teachings which are

A halfhearted performance is not in holy things brings a forfeit of the given in this conference, and may God enough. We cannot obtain these chance. be with us all, that we may ever honor

blessings and be like the rich young From the Book of Mormon in the and glorify him. May God be ever

man who protested that he had kept Book of Alma we read: honored and glorified for his manifold

the commandments from his youth up mercies unto us, his children, I pray but who went away sorrowful when, Ye cannot say, when ye are brought through Jesus Christ. Amen.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

is in Order. AChange

Change to OlLPLAVH

Costfen- Reduce* v-53* Different!

With Conoco N Motor Oil you have rssr*

OilPlating! An exclusive additive in

Conoco Nth fastens an extra shield of lubricant right to the working parts of your car's engine. They're always safe!

Goes Farther/—batsJSfeSSSsficaS-1 Conoco

OilPlate today at your Conoco Mileage Merchant's Copyright 1949, Continental Oil Company

NOVEMBER 1949 755 SUSTAIN THE AUTHORITIES (Concluded from page 714) have the prophets of God who give

Priesthood program. We could not us the program of the Church. Let

say that we would accept and sustain us follow that program so that we the auxiliaries of the Church, and, may get the blessings God proffers to for instance, refuse to sustain the us.

Church publications which help to give Instead of going off on a tangent bone and fibre and sinew to these this way or a tangent some other way, organizations. let us be willing to follow the prophets

Are we in a position of consistency of God who stand here at the head of if we try to choose one part of the the Church and who receive the diprogram of the Church and turn our vine guidance of the Almighty. Let

backs upon the others? Every phase us have enough faith and enough courof the program is worthy of our supage to be real Latterday Saints. Let

port, whether it be priesthood or us have enough courage and enough f Western* Church welfare, whether it be the faith to believe in the Articles of

Church publications or whether it be Faith. I challenge every Latterday

the auxiliary organizations, or any of Saint everywhere to believe and aclocke the commandments in the gospel. cept and sustain the sixth Article

The program of the Church is inof Faith which I read again:

heads and sponsored augurated by the the in believe same organization We are of the Church. And who in existed the Church, Primitive the that

locks in WESTERN the the are LOCKERAP of Church? heads They apostles, pastors, teachprophets, namely,

flavorful juices and natural color of they are of prophets God. And why ers, etc. evangelists,

fish, frozen meats, fowl and game. Guard perfecting the in the For Church?

choice your cuts against tasterobbing I this that courpray have may we the of the Saints, for the of work loss moisture with the waxed paper the unity that age, and have we may the edifying of for the ministry, body designed Wrap expressly for this purpose support to as a people the harmony Christ. of...in freezers home or lockers. rented

We are the Saints. Our Church and sustain the prophef of God by susFor plus -perfect protection for your makes up the body of Christ. We taining the program in all its projects

freezer.stored meats, WESTERN need the edification and the perfection and enterprises as he gives it to us,

LOCKERAP has added 20U more pro. that come to us through participating and this I do in the name of Jesus

tective coating. This means added assurin the program of the Church. We Christ. Amen. that ance fresh your meats will retain

natural juices and color...WESTERN

seals now LOCKERAP more securely APOSTASY FROM THE TRUTH than ever before against flavorstealing subzero air. You save as it seals. (Continued from page 713) whether or not men held or even

to authority. went even claimed They the is WESTERN apparently LOCKERAP available which now was Nicaea), at authority indicating that of point the grocer's your locker or plant in buff to first called and the subsequent conference of necessary. baptism not The was full roll. new pearlywhite bleached in in Jerusalem held that the one was infants Adults introduced. who was that only about told are D., 44 A. we infants as treated baptized were were in atbishops the of onesixth were for a milk fed and honey and on of the that bishop tendance, and Rome oil introduced period. of use was The meetthat important absent from was ordinance. into the council the directed ing. emperor The the of sacraordinance sacred The baptized. even not he although was simple that changed, and ment was have, the records to According we the introduced ordinance impressive by unity no and evidently there no was doctrine of transubMaster. The at the Spirit present the inspiration of actual stantiation taught and was intrigue were force but and meeting, the of idolatry the worship and political bring to effort in an used introduced. change was emblems A fact, In political purposes. for unity officers. in of selection the made indicate to authorities best seem our the been Nominations had by made

it approximately been that have must authority. that Apostles had who No colorful to guide help FREE Apostle, Peter, the before 354 D. A. principle of the longer was common you prepare, protect and bishop. to as referred a ever was of the part been consent, a which had

preserve your quickfrozen this time, evidences before long But followed. practised early Church, and

foods. Ask for it at your of apostasy had set in. The corrupting Members of the Church were forbidgrocer's or locker plant. of the simple principles of the gospel, den to read the scriptures, although

the introduction of pagan philosophies, the Master had said, "Search the the unwarranted and unauthorized for in adscriptures; them ye think ye have

JbM ceremonies, dition of certain manmade ISO /(containscl eternal life."5:39.) (John

WESTERN changes in organization and in govMany other practices were introLOCKERAP.

Ckoltm ft U. ernment—all these and more were in duced, one of the most serious, and I or 24 to inch

wUtto. evidence. am sure one of the most abominable

There isn't time to go into a dein the sight of God, was the selling tailed discussion of the changes made, of indulgences. This practice was

but we may take as an example the based on the false theory that there simple ordinance of baptism, performed was a treasure of merit—that certain

by immersion, by those having authorof the saints and others through their ity, following which hands of the works had performed more than was priesthood were laid upon the heads required for their salvation—and thereof the baptized members and the Holy fore, there was a treasure available

Ghost conferred. Shortly after the upon which others might draw, who

passing of the apostles, this ordinance through their unrighteous lives may be was greatly modified. The mode of short of the requirements for salvation.

baptism was changed. There came a The doctrine of infallibility, the wortime when baptism was recognized (Continued on page 758)

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1949—America's

mostbeautiful train, the VistaDome California Zephyr.

rrowgauge double- I hen the Rio Grande started header passenger train I building through the Rockies in on old Veta Pass. 1870, its founders were spurred on

by the need of a pioneer territory for efficient transportation. By

constant improvement over the years... in roadway, equipment

and service... the Rio Grande

has endeavored to carry on its pioneer tradition and keep pace with the rapidly - expanding economy of the Intermountain West. The modern Rio Grande

is the fruition of those efforts.'

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD 1531 Stout Street 24 South Main Street f

Denver, Colorado Salt Lake City, Utah

THE DIRECT CENTRAL TRANSCONTINENTAL ROUTE

NOVEMBER 1949 757 YOU CAN APOSTASY FROM THE TRUTH flying (Continued from page 756) an angel of the future, he saw FLY BY CUPPER'"having of heaven, the midst relics, the introduction ship of of pomp, through ceremony, and mysteries, the use of the everlasting gospel to preach unto incense, the worship of martyrs, apthem that dwell on the earth."

prophets Testament, in the Old Even popularity the relative plause to show in manner. a similar prophesied in the Church, of speakers and even had

the purchase of office were approved Isaiah indicated that the earth would and practised. Rivalry, strife, and be

disunity were rampant, probably reachdefiled under the inhabitants thereof being a climax when the bishop of Rome cause they have transgressed the laws, excommunicated the patriarch of Conchanged the ordinance, broken the everstantinople and the patriarch in turn lasting covenant. (Isaiah 24:5.)

excommunicated the bishop.

There remained then, only human Nowhere is the law of Moses referred churches, without authority, which had to as an everlasting covenant. The

excommunicated each other. Surely everlasting covenant is the gospel of

the apostasy was now complete. Jesus Christ. Amos had spoken of a

famine that should come in the land

As the restored Church, we affirm for "hearing the words of the Lord"that with the passing of the apostolic and that people would "run to and fro age, the Church drifted into a condito seek the work of the Lord, and shall tion of apostasy, that succession in the not find it."(Amos 8:11.) ROUND priesthood was broken, and that the Not only by history, which is quite

Church, as an earthly organization conclusive, but through prophecy also operating under divine direction and we have been informed definitely that in spiritual officiate to authority having be a comwould there was and thereTHE WORLD exist. This to ceased ordinances, truth. from the apostasy is atplete Many

affirm this recognized We reformers early also of the predicted and Only Pan American flies to testedthat all bythis history.was foreseen the against struck out fact they as

all six continents... to 61 by the apostles when they were livfalse teachings and practices of their

in the ing, Master yea, by and of Methodthe founder Wesley, his day. So, colonies. countries and durstarted apostasy had day. The "Christians had the that ism, lamented it's to go, want wherever you Apostles, the and of was ing the days only again a and had heathen turned

likely that Clippers can fly you referred to frequently by them. dead form left."Even here in Amerthe with acquainted are oldest You the of head Williams, quotaica, Roger single directly there a... with situation to the reference in Paul's tion land, in the Congregation Baptist ticket set of bagand a single of the elders Epnesus with as met he ministry, the as he quit recognized,

gage checks. for the last time when he said, that there was no divinely constituted

of face the upon or church authority one fly abroad by You may after departing this, that my For I know a such there be nor earth, would you, the in enter among wolves grievous an shall route, return by apostles having arose until one church flock. 20:29.) (Acts the sparing not in the as found officers still other get important and other—andClipper

roundtrip savings! Then his letter to the Thessalonians, Time.church established in the Meridian of

flights, that as information fact Joseph on For attested It is an deceive you by any means: Let no man

into the boy, went a humble Smith, call shall fares reservations, not come that your for and day spring that to pray on woods Travel Agent the in 1820, world—Christianbeautiful or the nearest—the Second Coming of the Master office. of in American a sad state Pan and morningotherwise—was

except there come a falling away first. apostasy. The answer given to him

Trade Mark. (II Thessalonians 2:3.) is to me the greatest evidence we have

Pan American Airways, Inc. in all the world that there had been

To the Galatians Paul referred to an apostasy from the truth. When he

the apostasy already under way, and beheld those two glorious beings, the reso soon were they that said, marveled other and the to pointed one AmericanPan called that had him from moved Him."Son. Hear is Beloved "This My chasgospel. another He into them, Atbways World questhe asked after had Joseph And pointed doing, for and so tised them all sects the was of tion, "which AIRLINE EXPERIENCED MOSTWORLD'S gospel one only there that was out that he the answer right,"was what 1:6-8.) (Gal. plan.

Delicious Peter spoke of received? These are his words:

I none that must join I answered SUNVISTA was the peoalso prophets among... all they wrong; PEAS for BLACKEYED they were them, of false teachers shall there be as ple,.. even. false BUTTER BEANS of the commandments doctrines for in teach shall bring you, who privily among LIMA BEANS BABY

PINTO BEANS damnable heresies... and bring upon men, having a form of godliness, but they

PEPPRS CHILI GREEN thereof. the power deny PINTO BEANS

join to WITH PORK 2:1.)themselves swift destruction. (II Peter forbade again me [the Son] He Grocers At Your

P., Joseph (P. of G. them. of with any

In fact, in the great vision given to Smith 2:1920.)

John while on the Isle of Patmos, he

SEND ME YOUR refers to the few churches worthy of Later, the Prophet Joseph was comnor cold "neither being as his note instrument as an forth to go manded PROBLEMS GENEALOGY the to In reference 3:15.) hot."(Rev. the organize of and in BIOGRAPHIES PIONEER the PEDIGREES, hands God passage the gospel, the of restoration ANCESTORS OR PERSONS LOST an as the to world to publish Church,"

is clear a 14:6-7) Reasonable) (Rev. Very (Service often quoted Charges of divinity the to testimony added to the"apostasy was that evidence STOUT WAYNE of the Christ, Mormon Book Jesus received for John complete, when be 1721 P. LAKE CITY SALT O. BOX 760) page on (Concluded condition indicating a revelation, this

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GET NOW FORHere's how to haveWINTER!your car—:USf /gf us

protected for winter driving:

2. Drain the crankcase, flush it, and

1. Drain and clean the radiator and refill with motor oil in the proper

supply antifreeze. winter grade.

3. Lubricate your car thoroughly with 4. Supply you with a brand new set

a special lubricant for every movof Atlas "Gripsafe"Tires to proCUTOCO) ing part. It's what we describe as vide you maximum safety for

"SPECIALIZED LUBRICATION."driving on slippery highways.

5. Check to see if your battery is in good

condition. If it isn't, you'll be money

ahead if you have us install a brand new Atlas battery to insure quick starting in cold weather.

6. Inspect the fan Check hose

belt and replace tions and if necessary. if necessary

Plenty of Service Plenty of Superior Products

I LUTAH O REFINING COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1949 759.

APOSTASY FROM THE TRUTH

(Concluded from page 758) the responsibility of carrying the mesrestored in the day and age in which which was taken from the sacred recsage to the world and establishing the we live.

ords. The Church was organized, and kingdom. Said the Lord: Now, my brothers and sisters, that

through revelation its name, the Church is why we send missionaries out into of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, And also those to whom these comthe world, because this message is a given, might power have were mandments It is the message. world truth regiven, earlier referred to aswas by

this church, the of lay to foundation and stored. this indicated fact Lord The after Smith.President a few Then

it forth of obscurity out out to bring and in that revelation, in the same opening elapsed, elders while themonths had living true the of darkness, only and verse, in said: which he in special conference consideringwere earth, the the face church whole upon of

the matter the of of publication the I, pleased, the well Lord, with which am Hearken, people of ye church, O my thatrevelations received up had been collectively the church unto speaking and saith the voice of him dwells who on time,to that the spoke through Lord Italics 1:30; C. (D. not & high, and are whose all eyes individually—upon men; significantthe a very Prophet gave and author's.)

I verily yea, say: Hearken people ye

itrevelation indicated that should and afar; from that and ye are the upon to the the are preface ofbe words. Lord's not our are These These Book islands of the sea, listen together.

Commandments. In that revelation we the words of him who established his For verily the voice of the Lord is unto

find these significant words, referring to Church anciently, and through whose all men, and there is none to escape;...

the Lord's servants who would have ministry it has been reestablished and (D. 6 C. 1:1-2.)

This restoration of the gospel, the bringing back of light and truth, is intended for the benefit and blessing of all God's children. And so, humbly

and gratefully, our missionaries go out into the world to proclaim that there has been an apostasy from the truth, but that through the goodness of

God the heavens have again been opened and the gospel revealed unto man through Joseph Smith, the Prophet.

I am grateful for this knowledge.

To me it is the most precious thing in all the world. I would to God that

all within the sound of my voice, and all God's children everywhere, could know of the sweetness of the gospel and what it means to hold the priestto feel the fellowship and the have in which we life of the party. hoodbrotherhoodand

to security the of know heart the of thatChurch—yes,comes to as a man

testimony of the truth is borne in upon his soul.

I testify to you this day that these things are true, that this is the work of God. I bear this testimony know-

I full eventually that well must seat of BAGGED ingstand before the judgment God,

CANDIES beas yourequiredmy brethrento do. andI testifysistersin willall

Whatever the party occasion... nothing humility that God has again spoken

sparks hilarity like a tray of Glade's from the heavens, following a long colorful candies within every eager reach! period of apostasy, that he has raised

that a Smith prophet, was Joseph Freshness, choice ingredients, tantalizing up restoring his in the instrument hands in flavors and gay coloring—you get all of again to the earth the Holy Priestthese in Glade's famed bagged candies. hood, the true Church organization

Serve your guests an assortment withdays, allandthe evenblessingsmore,enjoyedbecausein formerthis is of delicious - the Dispensation of the Fulness of

Party Mix Chocolate Peanuts Times.all humilityI bearandthiswithtestimonygratitudeto youin myin

heart, in the name of the Lord Jesus

Christ. Amen.

Jellies Creams Lozenges BLESSINGS OF WELFARE WORK Swirls Treats Straws Chews ance of(Continueda bishop whofrom inpagevery716)deed is a servant of the Lord. And there I found

Look for the colorful some elderly men, men who were not fit participate to qualifed or physically Glade's tabs new that GLADE CANDY COMPANY in competiindustry activities of in the assure you it's wonderCITY, SALT LAKE UTAH were men. They younger tion with ful candy. Buy someWDM! well past sixtyfive, all of them.

One man came up to me and 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA told me that he was grateful for that develops within the men who particicauses men to turn their hearts toward opportunity. He told me that he had pate in it a faith in God. God any more than by turning our

been a lifelong friend of my father. We heard a testimony borne yesterhearts to our fellow men and becom-

I thought that it might very well have day afternoon, after the afternoon sesing indeed concerned in their welfare.

been my father, in place of that man, sion, in a meeting we held over in the We profess a great love for our receiving the benefits of this program, welfare office, of one of the humble brethren and sisters in this Church.

for there he was engaged upon this sons of Israel concerning the welfare My heart goes out to all of you. I love

project, carrying out the details of work, and what had been accomplished you from the bottom of my heart.

it. In fact, he was really supervising by a little group of men, calling upon There is not anything that I have or

it. the Lord in humble prayer when they anything that I might do to assist you

It consisted of nothing more than were in serious difficulty and did not in your lives and in your work that it shredding newspapers, magazines, know which way to proceed in the would not be my pleasure to do. And

papers of all kinds, in a very simple operation of that project, and the peace I hope and pray that the Lord will machine which they had purchased and the comfort and the satisfaction?ive me strength and courage to go

secondhand. When they could not that came to them as a result of that orward and to accomplish all of the

gather up enough papers because of prayer. desires of my heart and all that he

lack of trucks and facilities, they I do not know where we could find has in store for me in your behalf.

bought paper in order that they might in this Church any instrumentality that (Concluded on following page) shred it and bale it. And they were

receiving forty dollars a ton for that baled paper and giving employment to a group of fine brethren. The

interesting thing about it was how from small beginnings we can accomplish great things.

This brother, as a result of the work there, a lifeand he was doingwhich in in Next trip businesslong experience and industry, was planning a new industry to employ other people. I am surethe day will come when that little EAST

ward project will become a stake project. regionalproject, a or even

will benefits of it be enjoyed by orThe many of our brethren in other parts of the Church because it is one ofthose industries that could be copied SOUTH...

in every big city and in many of the smaller ones.

They have paid for everything they have received out of the proceeds of the business itself, and they have made it profitable. So I drew from that

experience this thought, that in the welfare program we need the experience and training of older men and of older women, and when they come to us in our projects to assist us, they are bringing to us something more valuable than that which we give them.

It was evidenced right there by thework that this man was doing, and I to Omaha—Chicago

know there are thousands of otherelderly brethren who are fit and qualior Fort Worth—Dallas

fied to assist us in that same way.

in travel enjoy the utmost of theZEPHYRS, you you travel the Way deal said a great at When have had We airconditioning effortless speed, comfortablethis thrilled enjoyment—smooth, I have conference—and

.. reclining choice... delicious of deepcushioned meals your. and thatwith every has uttered been word

here by my brethren—about the necesseat in coaches, or private room or standard berth in sleeping cars.

sity living for the gospel, our keeping

Salt VistaDome City direct the aboard Lake from speed CHICAGO, I TOthe of the Lord. commandments daylight enjoy at 5:40 any morning Leave California Zephyr. Presidentlove Smith's for admonition

.. that. arrive 7:00 scenic Rockies the.. Denver. VistaDome views of in the. theus to stay territory of Lord

if afternoon. the next Or, you 1:30 evening, Chicago 4:55 am, Omaha the of territory out the ofand adverthe in ride the prefer Denver, time Denver Zephyr from to spend somesary.

- - *>. 4:00.. leaving Denver city to milehigh Chicago I wonder if there is any tangible way

that we can show our faith in the pm, arriving Omaha 1:10 am, Chicago 9:05 am.

Lord Jesus Christ and in his work TO TEXAS, ride the texas Zephyr. Leave

better than we can when we are enDenver 12:30 pm, arrive Fort Worth 6:00 am,

gaged in this welfare work, contributDallas 7:15 am. Direct connecting service arrives

ing of our time and of our means and Houston 1:35 pm. ---—*\

of our talents to further the interests For extra travel enjoyment... travel the Burlingtonof those so fortunate not be who may

or so young as we are at the moment. Way of the Zephyrs!

It is my testimony to you, my J. H. GREGORY, General Agent

brethren and sisters, that none of us 218 Kcarns Bldg.. Phone: 3-6465

can engage in this work and find ourSalt Lake City, Utah selves in the territory of the adversary or under his or under power his BURLINGTON'S 100th ANNIVERSARY 18491949dominion. This cultivates work and

NOVEMBER 1949 761 BLESSINGS OF WELFARE WORK (Concluded from preceding page) money, something that we can enThis work is true. It did not take vision as paying all of our debts and

me long to become converted to the obligations and meeting all of our welfare work. President Grant called assignments in the Church with little GET me in one day and said: "Brother or no effort upon our part, some

Moyle, we would like you to work in project that does not require any this welfare program."He did not work on the part of the membership of

ask me if I was converted, nor did he the Church, something that we can myself, to time convert hire any done. me STARTED give

I that then but I and knew know now brethren and sisters, those are My

Heber J. Grant was a prophet of not the kinds of projects we want. I

God, and when he spoke to me, gave would much rather start in with a me an assignment, I knew that that simple, helpful project, and depend NOW! assignment came from God, and there upon the Lord throwing light ahead

thing heart entered such no was my that of us as with proceed humble we offerings Quarter Winter the not or question as to whether it inspiring project, enlarge us to and University at your Church prophet he what was knew of God fit. see as he may

I retalking about. immediately So you'll extensive, are so I likely think have Stake York New I to as brought been sponded had up in set have example. suffer us a inconvenience an They no life. all spent never have do my consists project today welfare which or beginning life resuming since that of one moment Imy that polish. of producing shoe Now I call conscious but been have what at training college your stifl activity, is pretty and a humble that of us fact those of the have who

it it objective, the right the within has MIDYEAR. in this welfare engaged been work not has right stake philosophy. The in the the of been engaged have work unorganized are Classes to asfor called us any money upon in a engaged been Lord. have We project. in that sist of establishment the the five colleges der and instil to has done which much work

if I that brethren those promise can of in of Religion. testimony the of hearts a Division men their trust are to true and stay they divine the existence the of and God that of in performance faithful the application your Make his calling prophet; presentday of and

will light that given project, be humble it satisof for small admission degree with no was in which form the in and manner them President that faction received we city in that NOW! great could they expand blessings Smith's Albert when George

it to impossible so be has seemed where this of the to presidency he came start work. welfare to any Quarter Winter Church.

us, bless brethren the Lord my I I May felt to should as if him and go Registration sisters, back home go and and may we it tell privilege that be him would my that the idea with and imbued aside if there step resign and was instilled JANUARY 2 and 3 to divinity the of of ours this testimony his or calling choice of someone own

Classes begin thatresponsibilitieshe would thatlike toweretakethenovermine.the ofcallstheuponworkus intowhichdo somethingwe are engagedfor our

this sisters here upon and simply said to me, "I want brethren he And January 4 our turn that earth, and may we continue."to you

less thus fortunate to and the hearts audible, the the had I have information And so For further

I in the pray, assist them, humbly privilege of the tangible, conscious write, Christ. the of Jesus Amen. Lord name tell of prophets having me two God

THE REGISTRAR that the work in which we are engaged in this Church is that which the Lord would have us accomplish.

It is a further testimony to me thatBRIGHAM YOUNG this work which was initiated under THE LANGUAGE OF SINCERITY

is the of indeed Smith work Joseph UNIVERSITY the instrumentality of the Prophet 715) (Continued page from

I that Prophet the Joseph God. know

offer formal Ichishima a and made Mr. PROVO. UTAH to the open of called Lord Smith was

acres, his which seventeen of hundred this the Dispensation dispensation, up of his the to Church home, surround give to of Times, the Fulness and of for Saints of Latterday Christ Jesus all every blessing of and us every to project, otherwise. or school some We it is that every privilege power and

it withaccept told could not him we to receive, have for right and we man the of consulting Authorities the out blessings, brethren these received my said: "Well, then he KETCHUM Church, and I I I that sisters. as know, know and not next missionaries immediately, send BUILDERS SUPPLY is lives, the that live, that Jesus God

year, immedinot but next month, is his this that work, Christ and work CO. ately."in his ministhat are engaged and we u Everything for misfollowing the so two week And I this the Builder"try. with knowledge wonder,

4th So. at 7th West Phone 5-4656 and assurance burning in our hearts, sionaries were sent to Mr. Ichishima's

Salt Lake City, Utah how we can fail, those of us who have home, and he turned part of his home been in attendance here in this conover to them as a residence.

Lumber Cement ference today, to take to heart the When President Mauss arrived in

Plastic Roofing advice and the admonition that has Japan, President Clissold took him to

Plumbing Elec. Supplies come to us from these inspired brethTennen Shinden to show him this

Tools Sash ren whom I love, every one of them. land, this estate. Mr. Ichishima met

Doors Paint I have this one word to say further them at the railway station. The

Hardware Etc. aboutus not welfarewait untilbeforesomeI sitgreatdown.projectLet firstwas: thing"Wehehadsaidtwoto hundredPresidentandClissoldfour-

"Ask Us About Our Credit Plan"comes into view or into our imagination teen out to church last Sunday—two

which calls for a great expenditure of hundred and fourteen!"

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On his land is a private chapel which They have a ladies'dressmaking was in Japan. When I would arise in

belongs to the estate, a Buddhist school in the city of Tokyo. There are the morning, I would see those people

chapel, and they have boarded off the three hundred women attending this out in their rice paddies and their figure of Buddha and are using it as school, and they have invited a mislittle wheat fields, working from be- a chapel for our Church. Mr. Ichisionary to come over twice a week and fore daylight until after dark at night;

shima is the organist for the services. teach the gospel to the school. So it was a hive of industry; there was

I believe it will not be long before he one of our young Nesei brothers goes no idleness, no one looking to anyjoins the Church. over twice a week to hold an assembly one else for support or for a liveli-

I could go on, brothers and sisters, of the three hundred women. He hood, but all looking to the work of

and tell you about the way these peoteaches the gospel to them in a meettheir own hands. And I prayed that

ple are coming to our missionaries to ing which lasts an hour and a half the way would be opened for them study the gospel of Jesus Christ. They twice a week. to receive the means and the ways

have this new freedom offered by the We have orphanages there where for bringing temporal salvation to occupation government, and they are we are teaching Sunday Schools every them, eighty million people in an area trying to make the most of it. Sunday morning. We have a school the size of the state of California.

They are receiving the occupation there at which one of the elders forces of the United States, not as teaches English, and the head of the testify to you, my brothers and conquerors, but as deliverers, and it school said: "You may teach your sisters, that the Spirit of God is

is magnificent the way they cooperate gospel along with your English."with your missionaries. They are

with General MacArthur and his It is almost unbelievable, the work teaching truth, and they know it.

forces in rehabilitating their country our missionaries are doing among the They are paying their own expenses which was practically destroyed by Japanese. They have been released or their people are paying their exour bombs. I never once felt a spirit from their allegiance to the emperor penses. You cannot question that

or an undercurrent of opposition to as a divine personage, and the people kind of sincerity.

our American forces, and I never heard want to make the best of the opIt is a sad thing, my brothers and one member of the occupation forces portunities which Christianity affords sisters, to hear people say in their say an unkind word about the Japaand which the freedom we have to give testimonies, while they are giving their nese people. I thank God for General them affords. all for the Church, that in their own

MacArthur who tries to understand I hope that we will do what Brother homes there are some who are not the people, who knows as Lincoln Merrill suggests, that we will preserve living the gospel and are not sustainknew that the best way to defeat our the heritage which we have. Confuing them in the positions which they

enemies is to make friends of them. sion reigns all over this world. I hold. Let us begin this business of

And that is what the Americans are wonder today what kind of valley we sustaining one another in our own trying to do in Japan. would have here now had there existed homes. There is a power of regeneraWe have a marvelous opportunity in the days of our pioneers the spirit tion in the gospel of Jesus Christ. It

there. The people will join the which exists among men and women lifts us up if we will obey it.

Church there if we give them the today, this spirit of wanting more and I saw Japanese creating pearls at missionaries. They want to know the more for doing less and less. the Mikamoto Pearl Farm in Japan.

gospel. I thought of the pioneers when I (Concluded on following page)

MORE DEATHS AND ACCIDENTS OCCUR ON FARMS AND RANCHES THAN

IN ANY OTHER INDUSTRY!

Get from under the crushing load of costly risks that threaten every man on the land—damage suits and claims arising out of

the many accidents that occur every day.

Death or serious injury of a worker could wipe out your financial security. Be

SAFE! General of America's Special

Farmers and Ranchers Blanket Liability

Policy is allaround protection. Ask for

details—no obligation.

General Casualty Company df America fal jrFUJl HOME OFFICES SEATTLE. WASHINGTON

H. K. Dent, President

SALT LAKE SERVICE OFFICE—Excelcis Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1949 763 IAN6UAGE OF SINCERITY ( Concluded from page 763) one, killing the one to produce pearls

I saw them injuring an oyster and in the other—if we do that, brothers THE FROST IS from that injury creating a beautiful and sisters, we can make ourselves and

in the with are not pearl. working human those can be done That who OH THE PUMPKIN in not active are those souls. damaged; of us Church, be may who Some

ourselves pearls of great price. homes, of have within our own us may IT'S some

plan. is the influences, gospel foreign matter, foreign but That

if we take within ourselves some of God grant that we may respond to that live tissue of Christ—as they take it, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

from a live oyster and place in another Amen.

THE STRUGGLE OF LIFE

(Continued from page 710) some might take offense. They

It is one of the prime offices of religion particularized to the degree that no and of worshiping assemblies that one could be left in doubt as to what interest should be centered on the they meant. They neither compromised

grandeur of purity and perfection of principles nor softened their censure of life. It has ever been so, and is not wrong. Thus, Paul, after the sweepsomething peculiar to our day. It ing generalization that the "unrighteous

by GREYHOUND ismusta practiceendure to astheoldendasof historytime. and proceedsshall not inheritto tellthespecificallykingdom ofsomeGod,"of

history early the things to unrighteous the If which back go make men you the Open Take Road—by find will thieves, you the righteous include covetous, Church, Christian of the over America Greyhound—Allto for Paul, revilers, epistles of extortioners, drunkards, and there. The invite it vacationlands romantic

for chidings full of hearts are so those as as well are whose example, time. the you. GreyNow's

hound is the way to go... transgressions, pleadings to forsake eaten out with envy that they become

the enjoyment is high, the cost evil ways and exhortations to live breeders of strife and dissensions. Peter

is low! righteously. expands the list of things that belong

OVER LAND Know ye not, includeto the qualitiesmalice, guile,of unrighteousnesshypocrisies, evilto lusts, revellasciviousness, speaking, 1 D he wrote to the Corinthians, BR EYHLINESDUM idolatries. ings, These and abominable

Operated shall not by INTERSTATE TRANSIT the unrighteous LINES that practices indulged doubt by were inherit no

INC. PACIFIC STAGES, and UNION deceived: Be not of God? the kingdom particular congregations the to whom

fornicators, neither nor idolaters, nor Paul and Peter wrote.

... adulterers,

Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkIf you will take the trouble to go ards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall through the gospels and the letters and inherit the kingdom of God. (I Cor. 6:9- epistles and narratives of the men

10.) whom Jesus commissioned to carry

his message and perpetuate it in the 300 He also pleaded with them to put world, you cannot help noting the away envyings and strife and disstriking sameness of evil things they KOLOB sensions, which he denounced as carnal exhorted against with the deeds and and not compatible with the spirit habits which fall under censure today.

which belonged to those who had acThe catalogue of vices seems to have cepted the Christ. The things he been fairly complete way back in that

warned against are such as reveal remote period. There hasn't been

blemishes in human behavior and make very much added, and there isn't much manifest its imperfections. to subtract from the list. After all the

So Peter in his epistle addressed to intervening centuries of teaching, we the saints in Pontus, Galatia, Capstill need the same admonitions against

Christ's teaching. to virtue added any padocia, Asia, and Bithynia urges the same vices. Neither has there been guile, all all malice,... and aside laying BRING THE WESTS to facts not ought perhaps These evil speakenvies, and all hypocrisies, and startling as they seem so prove may

(I 2:1.) Peter ings.

first bursts, of recognition them when

SERVICE He reminded them that in times past, upon our consciousness.

frailpersistence of these to The human preached been Christ had TO YOUR before lasciviousthe beginning ties of the race in from walked had them, they

HOME TOWN ness, lusts, excess of wine, revelings, now is but an indication of the heritagetill banquetings, and abominable idolatries of mortality rooted down deep in it.

the community AgentThe KOLOB must that they them admonished and urging to conquer ageold them The to serve in isyour friendliest man things. these of He an end town—readyin yourefficiently at make insurance low and every need now attests that are imperfections mortal

Intermountain the cost, represents because he in persecupatience to them exhorted instincts antagonistic native other to largest General Agency.West's scorn, of endurance longsuffering, tion, fair stock Strong Company is family. the policies—promptInsurance to then There human claims. of former settlement forsaking of if because be, need

set in individual the be- a conflict up steadcharity, and humility, to ways fastness in the faith, husbands and tween the opposing forces of good and wives respecting and fortifying each evil. We should accordingly expect

other. (See I Peter 3.) the vices and the virtues, respectively,

These expounders of the early to be essentially of the same nature

Christian faith, it is to be observed, till the conflict is over, though there

SALISBURY, Mgr. FRANK of in abstracbe differences degree of and to deal content may not Salt Lake City were Bldg. 330 Judge

evil lest manifestation. of conquest evil doings The gloss over to tions or

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by the good is the struggle of life.

It is the struggle for perfection and the attainment of salvation which is not over evil. supremacy We must SAVE UP TO 50% ON YOUR too discouraged be progress because

is slow, for it involves working changes in human desires and inclinations. GYMNASIUM or RECREATION HALL

Perfection has to be achieved; salvation has to be won. They do not come

as free bestowals. The process seems

to be through winning the struggle for supremacy between human imperfections and the mandates of the

Godgiven perfect law. It is by meeting adversities, battling down obstacles, rising triumphant over opposing

forces that man builds muscle and moral and intellectual fibre and spiritual stamina. It is the process by

built has amazing hewhich up his in the physicalmastery world and WITH A BUTLER STEEL BUILDING the forces that operate in it reducing them to servitude and ordering them A complete gymnasium with ample facilities for seating, and for dressing to his bidding. There is no such thing rooms, showers and lockers; or an attractive recreation hall perfectly

in this world as getting something for Bet up for stage productions, dancing, movies, etc.; or a combination

all hall recreation gymnasium and the features combining qualities and its price.nothing. Everything has

for overall necessary utility enjoyment simply rapidly and can be and in the of realm forwardEvery step erected at to savings running ordinary costs building on up using by 50% progress, in the adamazinghuman versatile Steel Butler Buildings.

vance of man in his mastery in the physical world has come out of gruelButler Steel Buildings are available in 100'widths, with playing area ing toil and sweat, heartbreaking disapunobstructed by columns, and in lesser widths of 60'. 50', 40', 32'and

pointments and failures and, after 20'—lengths variable as desired. Frontal designs are also variable.

failure returning again to the struggle.

BEFORE YOU BUILD YOUR GYMNASIUM OR heightsThe by great men reached RECREATION HALL... WRITE WIRE PHONE

kept and Were not attained by sudden flight,

But they, while their companions slept,

Were toiling upward in the night.

The Ladder of St. Augustine

Henry W. Longfellow

That inexorable law is operative in Phones:SALT 4-8165LAKE CITY,- 4-1UTAH02F

the spiritual realm as well as in the |1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIK temporal domain. It is the law of BUTLER BURCH LINK

life operative in all its aspects that BELT H. D. HUDSON DUFFNORTON

progress, growth, advancement are the iinillllllliilliiiiiiiil nil iiiiii in inn ii iiiii;iiiiiiiiii!i!lliiiiiillliiiilliniiiiiiiiniiiiiiniii]iiiii in linn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiii

result of struggle and conquest. In the

spiritual realm the struggle is between good and evil, a struggle for the supremacy of righteousness. There is

only one way to win in that struggle, and that is to practise the virtues and cease to practise evil. The formula READY FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY

is simple. It consists in adopting as

habitual that set behavior of principles A SENSATIONAL NEW ORGAN BY collectively whichand teachings we call the gospel. There is no other way.

Our lives are patterned, our natures formed, our characters established bythe things we do and not by theoretical WURLITZER professions of principles or abstract An organ that invites you to sit down and play contemplations. If you want to overcome envy, you have to practise re- A glorious new range of color and shading

joicing in the good fortune and successes and attainments of your fellows; Nimble in action, last in response

if yourself to purge you want of Easy to install—Easy to playcovetousness, to practise have you

generosity and contentment in seeing Stays in tune regardless of voltage or frequency changes others prosper as you would like yourself to prosper; if you want to be rid Five other models from $L 175.00 and up

of reviling, you must practise reverence and respect for worthy things; if you For complete information, write or call Mr. Seldon N. Heaps

want to avoid drunkenness, you have sobriety; practiseto to if you want

lasciviousness, ofcleansed have be "SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. you

practise continenceto and purity of 17 W. 1st So. Salt Lake City 1. Utahthought; thievwant to conquer if you

ing, you must practise honesty; if you

{Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 765 THE STRUGGLE OF LIFE Made Especially by JANSSEN (Concluded from preceding page) promising principles of right. It was

want to be free of the vice of extoreven brazenly taught by men in places tion, you must practise benevolence of power, entrusted with guidance, A PIANO and fairness toward others, and so in the interest of perpetuating and

FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS on we might go till we have enumerextending their sway, that certain ated every vice and its opposing virtue Christian principles were to be supthroughout the whole catalogue of pressed because not congenial to peogospel precepts. Obey them in pracple given over to contrary indulgences,

tice, make them the governing feature so that, as Macaulay declared: "...

in your lives and you will win perfecinstead of toiling to elevate human tion, and hence salvation. nature to the noble standard fixed by

It is easy to conceive that greater divine precept and example,"the progress might have been made if those standard was lowered "till it was entrusted with the teaching of the beneath the average of human nature."

gospel law had maintained a greater Thus was sacrificed the true office fidelity to its principles. I have alof divine worship and guidance. Inready called attention to the practice stead of holding up before men the

during apostolic times of naming the ideal of the Godgiven and perfect evil practices which must be done gospel law and fortifying them for

Specifications away and recommending conformance the struggle incident to the conquest

Height, 44V2"to the saving principles of the Chrisof evil, they were seduced into deadenWidth, 24"tian teaching. But in the interest of ing compromises with sin, and progress

converts spreading and power rightof ultimate triumph the toward Length, 57V2 // winningthis practice suit to relaxed the was retarded. immeasurably eousness was Also the of world. temper As Macaulay to it ought be contemplation In this

surest the observed, easiest and way all in our that worto clear us in SPINETS KRAKAUER Sold at Macy's * is to to converts standards. lower win it 1869 acSince should assemblies be shiping York New In century great early an a deal of to usage, be established as cepted PIANOS largest JANSSEN World's * effort in to attempt expended an was 100 than For more resentment, but without received

years. reconcile Christian teaching with pagan of should that gratefully, the law God

philosophy. This impossible an was exand reiterated emphasized and

task, but apparent an.. $98.50 harmony INSTRUMENTS BAND GETZEN of for conformance given was behortation STUART RONALD achieved bending Christian docby disspinet"life toned biggest leaders cannot thereto. "World's You trines into conformity resulted which by Hammond SOLOVOX unless duties as such. your charge you its in adulteration the consequent and

request Literature sent upon is this thus that see can done. Only its destruction or of weakening saving

power. It did win a more universal we be regenerated by the gospel's

favor, facilitate the drawing in of saving power and through obedience greater numbers, but at a devitalizing to it rise triumphant above our mortal cost which always flows from comimperfections.

"EXCEPT YE REPENT"(Continued from page 712) And so, repentance is not for the those who would criticize the Authormurderer alone, nor the adulterer. It

ities and use them as stumbling blocks, comes to them, too, but to all those who would absent themselves from who have been tempted of the evil fail to sins meetings, one to commit would of ommission pay who and plete sins tithes New theirtheir of obligations commission. other beand Pianos

Music I offenses, of fancied cause would I Store $495.00 read the scriptures, I find that As

and up like to read from the Doctrine G all the various sins are condemned.

So. 2130 11th Terms and E. Covenants, Section 121: 1618, 2021: May I name only a few whom he City, Tradeins Salt Ut. Lake

calls to repentance: the murderer and

SUGARH0USE MUSK CO. theCursedheel againstare all minethose anointed,that shallsaithlift theup thethe adulterercoveter, theand drinker,the thief,thethesmoker,proud,

Lord, and cry they have sinned when the ungrateful, the liar, the gambler, they have not sinned before me, saith the drunkard, the selfish, the unforthat the Lord, but have which done was giving, accuser, the the defrauder, the 1 in eyes, meet mine comwhich and gossip, vulgar, the the profane, the them. manded

intolerant, the THE ALEXANDRIA malicious, the idler, the it cry those transgression But do who the the jealous, envious, of sin, are the servants they because and persecutor, HOTEL the and to all these Lord says: the of children are disobedience them5th & Spring Sts.

selves.

LOS ANGELES. CALIF. And those who swear falsely against... repent and walk more uprightly beAnnounces the appointment of my servants,... fore me. (D. GC. 5:21.)

RAY H. BECKETT Their basket shall not be full, their

as Associate Manager houses and their barns shall perish, and Repentance is required of us all.

(formerly Resident Mgr. of they themselves shall be despised by those In this dispensation the Lord said:

Lankershim Hotel) that flattered them.

YOUR HOST ON THE hood,Theynorshalltheirnotposterityhave rightafterto themthe priestfrom let. your.. entanglehands notbe clean,yourselvesuntil inthesin,Lordbut

COAST generation to generation. comes. (D. G C. 88: 86.)

all who sin in devious ways, Paul told the Romans: says: MEET YOUR L.D.S. theAndSaviorto

FRIENDS HERE BATH... except ye repent, ye shall all like-... There is none righteous, no, not one. 500 ROOMS WITH

wise perish. (Luke 13:5.) (Romans 3:10.)

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Even in the days of Kirtland the

Lord flashed forth this indictment:

Behold, IRONRITE IS A DREAMwith manyI,whothe Lord,are in amthe notchurchwell atpleasedKirtMY land; tt their sins, not forsake For and they do COME TRUE!...their of their the pride wicked ways,

hearts, and their covetousness, and all their detestable things, and observe the Says Mrs. Wayne N. Smith

words of wisdom and eternal life which 2533 Hartford Street

I have given unto them. Salt Lake City, Utah

I, the Lord, will chasten them. (D....

is that thing amazing most to me "The 98:1921.)6C. ex-I being without ironing a week's can do hausted. My Ironing has become a pleasure—

to simple a game. almost My Ironrite called the even Prophet JosephHe

loves old isdaughterso tenyear that my repentance,to though as operate his sin was to ironing prefers sometimes to playing.iron—evennothing to ours compared

... now I command you, my servant derful"I'm IronritegratefulIroner."to my husband for my wonJoseph, to repent and walk more uprightly

before me, and to yield to the persuasions of men no more; (D. & C. 5:21.)

yielding been in His sin had 80. (left) to the Modelpersuasions Harris to permit of Martin Openmodel

him to borrow the sacred records and rite. ModelIron85

let them be viewed. The Lord said (shown above)

further closedtop Ironrite. Model 88.

Wherefore, I will that all men shall reIronrite Cabinpent, for all are under sin, except those ette with warpreserved unto myself,which I have proof, hardwood holy N not of. (D.men that ye know & C. 49:8.) top in mahogany

And surely every man must repent or or honey blond "I easily put all the finishsurfer, for I, God, am endless. (D. & C. ing touches on my clothes

19:4.) with my Ironrite's two comRepentance is a glorious and mercipletely useable ends."

ful law. It means a sorrow for sin,

sin, IronnleDown confession ofa of Low abandonment terms. Ask Payment—easyabout a FREE creditHome fl'*"]\ K CanythinJ%,sin, sin, restitution for and then the Demonstration.

living of the commandments of theLord, which itself includes the forgivri ing of others, even those who sin against us. The Father says: SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION

By this ye may know if a man reIDAHO

Furniture H. Jones, Blackfoot Sam & Appliances will of confesspenteth he his sins—behold, Store Atkinson's Appliance Malad forsake them. (D. 58:43.)them and & C. Kirkham's Radio Shelley Company & Appliance

The Lord has made provisions for NEVADA those crimes, heinous commit who but Clark County Electric Company Las Vegas specificallyI shall dwell not upon them today. Those who are in deep UTAH

sin should go to their ward, stake, or Read Brothers Company Ogden

Furniture & Electric Company Ogden I Schoss for assistance. authoritiesmission

Company Utah Appliance Provo about the now, generally,am talking Electric Blake Company Richfield

Soft Service Culligan Water City Salt Lakesins that of us commit. many

Electric Appliance Peterson's City Comprfny Salt Lake In the Doctrine Covenants, Sec- & tion 59, the Lord says, Distributed by

GORDON E. WILKINS—IRONERS, INC. 142 So. 5th W. Salt Lake City, Utah

But remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and before the Lord. (v. 12.)

Long years ago in every testimony peoplemeeting arose who we had (Sift aUfriHimaa and An Mmi sisters,said to their brothers suband The TREASURES are of the Restored Gospel stantially, this: "I confess before you priceless. Why not SHARE them with others this

my weaknesses and imperfections and Christmas season?

ask your assistance, your help, your tolerance, your understanding, and I Givepray the Lord will forgive me."We TREASURES TO SHARE

do not hear it so much any more. I By Melvin Westenskow Oflly

us, thethink so instructed Lord that Now AA 0 sins, forgiveness might seek of ourwe Inexpensive—Surein its second toeditionplease Y'v having confessed humbly, themby

acknowledging them before the peoMELVIN1106 IWESTENSKOW,Ave., LaGrande, OregonPublisherple and the Lord.

Now, in Proverbs 28:13, the Lord Order Now—Avoid the Christmas Rush

inspired his prophet to say, Enclosed find $.. for copies "Treasures to Share"

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 767 "EXCEPT YE REPENT"UTAH'S {Continued from preceding page) 13:11 ) he said, "For, if ye forgive men

PIONEER MUSIC COMPANY prosper:He thatbutcoverethwhoso confessethhis sins shalland fornot theirwill alsotrespasses,forgive youryou; heavenly Father

Is Proud to Present saketh them shall have mercy. "But if ye forgive not men their

Father will neither your the then to Nephites this word trespasses, Their Very Complete And (Ill trespasses."Nephi forgive your the Lord: from came Nephites to the again 13:14, 15.) And

Sheet Music Department And whosoever repented of their sins the Lord says: "... ye shall also

Our SelfService berand amongdid confessthe peoplethem, ofthemthe hechurch;did numforgivefor verilyone I anothersay untoyouryou,trespasses;he that

CHORAL LIBRARY And those that would not confess their forgiveth not his neighbor's trespasses their iniquity, the sins of repent same and the repents, that same says he he when conveniently in located store our the people not numbered were among condemhimself under brought of hath selection easy. your to make their blotted the church, were names and 26:31.) Condemnanation."(Mosiah 26:3536.) out. (Mosiah in specialize will not to We tion, then, you comes who

Church Music—Choral Music The abandonment of sin is an imforgive, probably even greater than

A complete selection of portant part of repentance and is a to him who gave the offense.

Christmas Cantatas requirement before forgiveness can be Even the ancient Apostles suffered expected. The Lord says we may on this account:

old, sought disciples, in of days has repented if he con- "My a man know ideal The foranother and against one occasion his sins and: forsake fess and

for hearts; the Chapel—theSpinet piano their in not one another gave

EVERETT them.. shall. whosohave mercy.confesseth(Prov.and 28:13.)forsaketh andand sorelyfor thischastened.evil they were afflicted

that ye you, unto I say "Wherefore restitution. sinner should make The with the piano A small for another; he one to forgive ought It cannot that the murderer is obvious tone of a Grand

treshis his brother not forgiveth life the that give he has taken; a back

Write for descriptive folder libertine cannot restore the virtue he passes standeth condemned before the has violated; the gossip may be unLord; for there remaineth in him the

BEESLEY MUSIC abledone tobynullifya looseandtongue;overcomebut,thesoevilsfar greaterNow, sin."the Savior(D. & C.said64:8-9.)to his peoas is possible, one must restore and ple when he was upon the earth, "Ye

said, it hath that been An heard have done. the Perhaps damage good make COMPANY for a tooth a eye, and an eye for "... of the the Redeemer warning St. Salt Lake City 70 So. Main he then and till (Matt. 5:38) thence, thou tooth": depart shalt not thou

hast paid the very last mite"(Luke went on to give us the higher law. He

12:59) may have reference to restituproceeded: 'But I say unto you, That

tion as well as to the suffering of the ye resist not evil: but whosover shall

she was as sinner. Again the Lord says: "... smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to

and they [the sins] shall not be blotted him the other also.

brave as out until he repent and reward thee "And If any man will sue thee at the fourfold in all things wherewith he law, and take away thy coat, let him cloak also. thy trespassed against thee."(D. & C. have she was has shall compel thee whosoever "And 98:44.)

beautiful! in Onerepentanceof the mostand forgivenessimportant elementsis living to(Matt.go a5:3941.)mile, go Againwith himJesustwain."said:

the commands of God for the Father "Ye have heard that it hath been said, says in his preface to his latterday Thou shalt love thy neighbor, and hate revelation, thine enemy.

"But I say unto you, Love your... I the Lord cannot look upon sin enemies, bless them that curse you, do

of allowance, the least degree with hate pray that you, and to them?ood does repents that and Nevertheless, he use despitefully you, which or them shall of the be Lord the commandments 5:4344.) (Matt. you."persecute and 1:3132.) C. (D. forgiven. & Why? That you might have the beneNow, the doing the commandments fit of it. It does not injure him so

includes many things, and much good much when you hate a person, especialis not important and does ly its very if he far removed but in contact of with, you, comeA NEW NOVEL BY aspectsworks, butis theone purgingof our own

MAMIE PETERS CALL hearts and forgiving others their treshate and the bitterness canker yourthe passes against us. unforgiving heart.

Rich in romance and realism, this is the To obtain forgiveness of our sins, One great blessing that comes to story of a lovely, spirited Welsh we must forgive. Read the scriptures those who will forgive, and love their

maiden who finds herself an unwilling given us on that point: "And be ye neighbors and enemies also, is: "That

Father children of your the another, be tenderhearted, to ye may kind one of the west. pioneer novel A fascinating

. is for in heaven: another, which even forgiving one as God full of adventure, pathos and humor!

if you, love love you."(Eph. forgiven them. which. ye hath "For Christ's sake

bookstore, a * yur H%\ O not even prayer do you? have in Lord's the reward what 4:32.) Then

mail. tpu*! order or by U 5:45, (Matt. the said: publicans in same?"he the the Jerusalem, to people

Printed Deseret Publishing by Co. News

.. "Be he in then art commanded: heaven, 46.) Father which And "Ourp........................

as your perfect, even forgive therefore.our debts, forgive ye our us as we AUTHOR, is perfect."is in heaven Father 6:9, which he 12.) debtors."(Matt. Did City,. P. Salt Lake Utah 1923, Box O.

not mean in the same manner and in the (Matt. 5:48.)

Please send me copies same degree, perhaps, as we forgive Perhaps Peter had met people who "Lady Laura,"at $2.75. our debtors? He made it a little more continued to trespass against him, and

Name clear, even, to the Nephites, for after he asked: "Lord, how oft shall my

Address he had said, "forgive us our debts as brother sin against me, and I forgive we forgive our debtors"(III Nephi him?"{Ibid., 18:21.) And the Lord

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said: "I say not unto thee, Until seven

times: but, Until seventy times seven."

(Ibid., as oft as "... 18:22.) and "Everyone is happy trespass the repenteththine of enemy

wherewith he has trespassed against untilthee, shalt him, forgive thou chose a Wurlitzer Organ"seven."times C. we (D.seventy &

98:40.) Until seventy times seven!

That seems very difficult indeed for us mortals, and yet there are still harder things to do. When they have

repented and come on their knees to ask forgiveness, most of us can forgive, but the Lord has required that we shall even forgive them if they do not repent nor ask forgiveness of us.

In D. & C. Sec. 98:4145, he said:

"And if he trespass against thee and repent not the first time, nevertheless thou shalt forgive him. Rev. T. S. Sampson,

"And if he trespass against thee the Mundelein, Illinois second time, and repent not, nevertheless thou shalt forgive him.

"And if he trespass against thee the third time, and repent not, thou shalt "Everyone is happy we chose a Wur also forgive him. litzer Organ,"reports Rev. T. S.

"But if he trespass against thee the Sampson, pastor of the new ComThe Series 21

Protestant munity Church of Munthaltfourth him, time thou not forgive

Illinois. delein, "As you know,"he Wurlitzer Organ shall bringbut testimonies these before

continues, investigated the "we organ exceschanges. subzero or Even shallthe not blotted they Lord; and be

field thoroughly the chose and Wursively high aphave temperatures no until repentout he thee and reward litzer its mainly of because superior fine effect preciable their tuning. on all infourfold things wherewith he

it then, too, permitted importone—line of electronic Wurlitzer's Andhas thee. trespassed against in tant savings both cost."space and

is for organs every if this, shalt he forgive thou complete—models "And do

is typical This statement those of church budget. and your Ask Wurall thine withhim heart"; must we

all sizes received churches from of litzer dealer to a arrange demonstrastill forgive. will avenge Lord The All praise denominations. the and tion.us. I is will mine; "Vengeance repay, Wurlitzer's true tone. organ church Planning to piano buy? asaith the Lord,"12:19) (Rom. and Wurlitzer Electronic not Organs And Because more people Wurlitzer Pianos buy not must reseekman nor vengeance those than other traditional deliver of any Wurlitzer name, church offers only organ

for piano thetaliate For information money. against on those damaged who have

write pianos, Wurlitzer The Rudolph Company,him. Bitterness injures the one who regardlesstone but stayof voltagein tune indefinitelyor frequency more Illinois. De Kalb,

carries it more than the one against whom it is directed.

Can we ever forget the lesson taught us by the Lord Jesus Christ when WURLITZERWORLD'S LARGEST BUILDER OF ORGANS AND PIANOS said:he

UNDER ONE NAME Judge not, that ye be not judged. The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company, Organ Division, North Tonawanda, New York

For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged; and with what measure ye

mete, it shall be measured to you again.

And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?

Or how wilt thou say to thy brother,

Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye;and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? When You Attend

Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam thine ofout eye; shalt then thou and own

clearlysee to cast the out of L. ". ij... out mote

thy brother's eye. (Matt. 7:1-5.)

The contrast between the huge beam businessYou willtrainingreceiveundernot onlywell thequalifiedfinest and the tiny mote brings to our atteninstructors, but you will find many more tion, forcibly, that we mortals should advantages offered you.

totally avoid of judgment our fellow in learn a wholecan study and Youmen. a obscuring beam is When will environment; have you our someown vision, how can we know their association of mutually interested youngthe

motives, intents, and desires? And not people, and a choice of the finest business courses in the Intermountain

knowingly, how can we judge rightWest.

eously? All missionaries will enjoy the friendship and activities of the

Another indictment of us who acreturned missionary organization.

cuse others is the touching story of All students have the opportunity of being members of the L. D. S.

the woman taken in adultery and Institute of Religion with Lambda Delta Sigma activities.

brought before the Savior for judgment. Her accusers, apparently with Write for

monumental beams in their eyes blinding them, the brought unfortunate sinner the demanding extreme penalty today: details L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

of stoning. The Lord was wise beyond their comprehension and could 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY Across from Temple Square

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 769 "EXCEPT YE REPENT"(Continued from preceding page) "Should You Feel Inclined to Cennot be trapped by these wanton sinsure,"by George H. Durham; "School

ners. Thy Feelings, O My Brother,"by

President Penrose; Charles and W. But Jesus stooped with and down

to "Let Each Man Learn Know Himhis. finger.. wrote the ground, as on though

he heard them not. self,"so much sung and loved by

So when they continued asking him, he President Heber J. Grant.

lifted himself, and said unto them, He that Remember that we must forgive is without sin among you, let him first even if our offender did not repent and cast a stone at her. ask forgiveness. Stephen yet in his

And again he stooped down, and wrote young life had mastered this principle.

on the ground. (John 8:6-8.) His accusers, unable to find anything

against him other than fancied blasAnd when he looked up a little later, phemy, stoned him to death. Not

all the accusers "... being convicted waiting for them to repent, Stephen

by their own conscience,"(v. 9) had displayed his saintliness by using his

7%<><&fi(2e sneakedAnotheraway.impressive example of unlast"Lord,breathlay notto thisforgivesin to themtheir charge."saying:

) his very 7:60. had taken They

them. forgave he yet DOORS parableholy judgingof thecomesunmercifulto us inservantthe Lord'swho life,(Actsand The

owed to his lord ten thousand talents Prophet Joseph moved to his certain spirit forgiveof to also gave modornfnlil mandedbut beinghimunableto beto sold,pay, andhis lordhis wife,comness.death withThe theLordsameJesus

and children and all that he had, and us the lesson. Before they asked forpayment to be made. The servant giveness, before they repented, while

in As advertised fell begged and for a moratorium, down still their in pasthey murderous were "Saturday Evening Post"the and compassionate lord had when it in sion, his heart to forgive he found his "Save the Space Swinging Doors loosed him and forgiven his to to ask Father and debt, this them Waste conscienceless straightway person for forgive them; not they what... know

of his fellowservants found one Easy, Troublefree OperAssure who do."not they 23:34.) (Luke He did ation takan hundred him pence, and owed crucifiers, priests, his the high wait till

Wide Variety of Colors ing him by the throat demanded payscribes, elders, and Pharisees, should ment in full, and upon failure of the have a change of heart, but forgave debtor, cast him into prison. When them while they were yet covered with ALDERS the lord heard of this rank injustice, he his life's blood.

1343 SOUTH MAIN chastised the unmerciful servant: It frequently happens that offenses

is the offender committed when I servant, thou forgave are wicked O of it. he has Something not aware thee.. all. debt, that desiredst thou because

me: said or done is misconstrued or misShouldest not thou also have had comunderstood. The offended one treaspassion on thy fellowservant, even as I ures in his heart the offense, adding

had pity on thee? to it such other things as might give

And his lord was wroth, and delivered fuel to the fire and justify his concluhim to the tormentors, till he should pay sions. Perhaps this is one of the

all that was due unto him. (Matt. 18:32reasons why the Lord requires that

34.) the offended one should make the

Then the Redeemer, summarizing, said overtures toward peace. He says:

to his disciples: And if thy brother or sister offend thee,

So likewise shall my heavenly Father thou shalt take him or her between him or do also unto you, if ye from your hearts her and thee alone; and if he or she conforgive not every one his brother their fess thou shalt be reconciled. (D. & C.

trespasses. (Matt. 18:35.) 42:88.)

Take along this International Iron According to my Bible, the Roman To the Nephites the Lord said...Smoothie by name. It does a wonpenny is an eighth of an ounce of silderful pressing job anywhere in ver, while the talent is 750 ounces.... if... thy brother hath aught

thee against the Accordingly unmerciful servant the world. Operates on all foreign way unto thy brother, and first Go thy 600,000 was forgiven units but would

currents, also AC -DC. Weighs only not forgive one unit. be reconciled to thy brother, and then come

full of heart, and purpose with unto me once, a I met demanding and V/a lbs. Is woman 4'/2"only long. be Can 12:2324.) receive I will (Ill Nephi you. critical. presistake her She accused

to cool upended off. With zippered of dent harshness and have would in disciples he the to Judea And leather case $15.00 displaced could. if she him She had

adultery, committed and yet her said: with Trav-I-Bord, folding a ironing of debt comparative she 600,000 pence to the bring thy gift if thou Therefore 16"board, fits into suitcase, criticize the temerity to leader opens had her that thy altar, rememberest and there

up to 12"wide, 32"long. Padded with a hundred pence debt. I also brother hath ought against thee;

at complained a young knew man who gift the altar before there thy Leave top. With pressing cloth.. $2.75 his bishop offense at the first and to took reconciled be way; go thy and

leader's inefficiency and his then come and offer thy grammatithy brother, and

FILLEDMAIL ORDERS 5:2324.) cal errors, (Matt. in his life gift. yet he himself had In N.Y.C., add Delivery2% Freesaleswithintax. 150 miles

sins comparable to the talents and had the effrontery to accuse his bishop Do we follow that command or do of weaknesses comparable only to we sulk in our bitterness, waiting for 145 East 57 St., New York 22, EL 5-4700 theThosepence.of us who have sins, heinous kneelour offenderto us in toremorse?learn of it and. to

Send for our tree Catalog of Wonderful Gifts "IE3* or less serious, would do well to sing And this reconciliation suggests also frequently the beautiful hymns: forgetting. Unless you forget, have

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you forgiven? A woman in a branch

in the mission field where there had been friction finally capitulated and said, "Yes. I will forgive the others,

but I have an eternal memory."Certainly she had not fulfilled the law of

forgiving. She was meeting the letter

but not the spirit. Frequently we say

we forgive then permit the grievance to continue to poison and embitter us.

The Lord forgets when he has forgiven, and certainly must we. He inspired Isaiah to say:

I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins. (Isaiah 43:25.)

And again in our dispensation, he said:

Behold, he who has repented of his sins, the same is forgiven; and I, the Lord, remember them no more. (D. & C. 58:42.)

And we are instructed by him that

... thou shalt forgive him with all

thine heart;... (D. 6 C. 98:45.)

No bitterness of past frictions can be held in memory if we forgive with all our hearts.

So long as we are bitter, hold?trudges, are unrepentant ourselves, unorgiving to others, how can we partake of the sacrament? Read again

what God said in the matter:

Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine

himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. WHITE INDIANS!

For he that eateth and drinketh unworth- A Modern Phenomenon!

ily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself. (I Cor. 11:2729.) A strange white people

Brothers and sisters and friends, if found inhabiting the jungles of we will sue for peace, taking the Darien and northern Colombia.

... someinitiative in settling differences—if we Mixed familiescan forgive and forget with all our white and some brown—thenhearts—if we can cleanse our own entire families who are white,

souls of sin, accusations, bitterness, as illustrated in the picture.

all real or fancied we forgiveothers—ifand guilt before we cast a stone at KNOWS? WHO

offenses before forgiveness we ask contain the lost key to for NOT "ALBINOS"This mayour own sins—if we pay our own But, as declared by scientific the ancient Mayan language.

debts, large or small, before we press authorities of Washington, D.C.,

our debtors—if we manage to clear "A PUREBLOODED REMNANT WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?

the ofour eyes blinding own beams of the those Lord spoken Perhaps by THE FIRST ANCIENT OF DY-... to Nephi the inbefore magnify motes the This peoNASTY MAYANS."ofeyes glorious a world that the Lord, seest thou God, "Wherefore, weothers—what still ple their history in keep the utwill that the will Gentiles not suffer be!this would reDivorce be would

of seed, thy destroy the mixture Hieroglyphics of the Anterlyduced courts to a minimum; be actual would thy brethren."which are among cient Mayans. (I disgusting routines;freed from 13:30) family Nephi

life would be heavenly; the building

of the kingdom would go forward at an accelerated pace; and the peace The "WHITE INDIANS"are graphically illustrated and described in passethwhich understanding would

bring to us all a joy and happiness haswhich hardly "entered into the "THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS"heart of man."For an autographed copy, please send direct to the

And a final the word from Lord: Author... DEWEY FARNSWORTH Wherefore, to re- I command again you

pent, lest I humble you with my almighty 4635 Montana Street El Paso, Texas power; and that you confess your sins, Price $5.00 Discount to Missionaries

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 771 designed to protect the rights and "EXCEPT YE REPENT'freedom of employees and employers (Concluded from preceding page) tionsalike, equallyand makeresponsibleunions andbeforecorporathe GETIT TODA Y!

lest you suffer these punishments of which law for their contracts, obligations, great new phonograph I have spoken, of which in the smallest, etc. What rightminded citizen would

record yea, even in the least degree you have have any other kind of law? In any

tasted at the time I withdrew my Spirit. case, twothirds of the members of

JESSIE EVANS SMITH (D. & C. 19:20.) each branch of the United States Conwith the May the Lord bless us all that we wouldgress believebe at leastthe a TaftHartleyfairly good law,bill

for they the president's passed it over

Is SALT LAKE themay truecontinuallyspirit of carryrepentancein ourandheartsforveto. significant this not

TABERNACLE CHOIR giveness until we shall have perfected light of the fact that many membersin the looking ourselves, the glories toward of his party voted to override the singing of exaltation awaiting the most faithveto?

ful, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. "THE KING OF GLORY"

is this the question of But whether hath a pure heart.") Amen. clean hands andK"He thai

is or been, a good has and law bad and this being, hotly debated. make To

'TIS "BEHOLD, function equitably it needs EVENTIDE"law more (solo only) it is said. If so, let these amendments,

Accompanied by Alexander Schreiner be made. But in this situation what

FREEDOM: OR MONOPOLISTIC should the voters of the country do?12"semiflex record $1.31

Plus Postage DOMINATION voteFrom imposesmy pointonofeveryoneview the whoright hasto At your dealer or direct from (Continued from page 709) this right the obligation to make a

RECORDING ARTS, INC. being organized and heavily financed thefull, issuesfair, involvedand unprejudicedin an election,studyandof

19 West South Temple St. to defeat in these elections all candithen support candidates who stand

Salt Lake City 1, Utah dates who voted for or support the for the principles and measures that

GIVE THESE POPULAR ALBUMS TaftHartleyment is successful,labor law.misguidedIf this leadersmovethelievesvoterwill sincerelybe for theandbesthonestlygood of beall

FOR CHRISTMAS of some organized groups will domithe people and therefore for the best

Seven Immortal Hymns $3.95 nate the Congress of the United States, interests of the country as a whole.

Joseph Smith's Story 5.05 the White House, and every other If selfishness, greed, unrighteous moMy Picture Book of Songs 3.95 office of the government, the functions tives, and ignoble ambition shall domiPlus Postage of which would help to bring into nate in our elections, the freedom that

Utah customers add 2% sales tax. existence a welfare state—that is, one has been the pride and glory of which would operate according to the America will vanish—many people will

principles of socialism. Not that these be practically enslaved, as is the case

leaders favor such a state, but the in Russia today—so historians predict.

inevitably things they would demand is encouragtoo the outlook none But it say. bring about, so wise men The selfinsatiable unjustifiable for ing, and

free that enterprise result our be would inroads ishness deep already has made that the operated has system system, this of the and country into economy its the this in beginning, country from still is desire get unsatisfied. to The

it the to that has enabled one become less, less for and more and more the of the marvel modern and wonder politicians, has spurred on by some the variety for magnitude and world stronger stronger growing been and capacity, its ingenious of productive different of people, groups among this rather quickly be system would unions. labor especially among

teaches. history destroyed, Otherso

wise the monopoly of selfish labor At this point let me quote from an leaders must be broken. Freedom article in the March, 1949, number of

the written Digest Reader's which was pride and personal and liberty—the editor, Pittsburgh T. Leech, by E. The of the achievement of America, boast

centuries of human sacrifice and bloody Press, as follows:

struggle are in great danger due to the rise of this destructive movement, This country—indeed, the whole world

engineered and directed by smart and is being swept by an epidemic of the misguided leaders in whose minds and 'gimmes.'Nearly everybody wants to be

hearts right, fairness, and justice apgiven something at the expense of someparently are given little or no conbody else. This epidemic grows out of a

its aid vide security for people, and no their leaders in confidence See It! sideration.have Their followers apparently belief that government can somehow prohad

matter the far what in debt cost and how false the true as accepted and have is. it already

claims It! statements misleading and and Hear more The government provides, the more relative provisions certain to the of men

it. expected of penalties the of One of in is labor law. the of TaftHartley So

is Play It! assistance government a widespread this of workers the law minds many lowering of the responsibility. sense of

AT is oppressive, unfair, unjust, and robs Individual stamina and selfdetermination workers of their rightful gains, made go down at a time when public expenses under the provisions of the repealed are going up. This parallel development

Wagner labor act. has destroyed other nations. It enabled

a few thousand barbarians to overthrow of these But let many ask how me the mighty Empire. Roman The Romans

other ever people have 259 South State Street workers and came the state to depend for food, on

Salt Lake City readunderstandthe TaftHartleywhat, its provisionslaw and fullyare? nessshelterforandfreeentertainment.security at stateInexpense,their eagerthey

My understanding is that this law was became so insecure they lost everything.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A state is just a large number of individuals. In the end', it is subject to the

individual; limitations as the it payssame TEACHER FOX for penalties bad management.the same FOR THE

for debt, example. U. TheTake Bold Edion. WHO*fiv Paper billion over 250 dollars—S. Government owes lnd.a

* Beauc.ful Type. Clear for famAmerican every $6000 thanmore and Teachers for Glflily. political Other subdivisions—states,

Students.cities, school 20 counties, *- districts—owe Genuine 2V*. No.billions. Co/o, III"str,ar/o.3e"rs.ns >n Kfull cove*.

et, overlapping terrific pressure to under are of All them s- Flble No.25lX.Genu.neMo greater services beneprovide and more Charsynoy ovctlappmg covers, Tocco,

fits. to taxes boost All and are having

Atlas. ten to out a neverto pour er *>ch,borrow money 0utslide satisfied public. 'e"ea,.

The popular idea is that these funds can becorporations—soobtained fromthatthetherichmajorityand theof peobig

benefits the without payingple have can for STUDENTS cost. gets anythingthe But nobody

nothing. ADV*NCED Everybody

Everybody vflk. /,;c ptacti AMBs pays taxes—directshares ortheindirect.debt.

There aren't enough rich people to enVets,. Oty itself at to finance theable government *., and h. If all thetheir government took expense. '"ftiall Ne*cion3, nd ""Print Bibles-> it wouldn't corporations, the ofwealth your '* Cer"rles****>'S st*ndai thr, dare/

put the country on a sound financial keel. '"gh,ut. f

But it would put the corporations out of 1uality business and workers out of jobs. Mean- K.

while, all that the big companies pay to price.

government becomes a part of the cost of the goods they produce—an important

factor in the cost of living for everybody.

Only wider realization of these basic facts can stop the tragedy that must eventually happen if the 'giveeverything- unchecked.toeverybody'theory continues

of this "gimmes"national bibles As an example craze, let us look at the demands certain officials are now making on several Fine Bibles Since 1863 Wherever Bibles are Sold large corporations. They demand

something new—insurance policies and

life pensions, ranging from $100 to $150 monthly, both to be paid entirely by the employers—absolutely

something for nothing. Who would

provide the money for these benefits?

The public, of course, those who buy the goods and services the companies sell. When cost of production goes

up, prices rise. The experience of the

past four years definitely proves this.

But many of these company employees already get top wages—wages much

higher than are generally paid employees and other workers engaged in ordinary commercial and other enterprises. Is there anything fair, right,

or just in asking these other workers free benefitsto provide for more in BALSAMWOOLhighly employees? paid company

It might be said, however, that thepolicy of providing retirement beneINSULATED HOMES fits on a fiftyfifty plan is now current among teachers, federal civil service New homes are assured of a lifetime of winter and summer comfort high fuel heating reduce with homes employeremployees, and economy—existing others—the bills—yetinsulatedhavethea house in summer house when in winter and a cooler warmer paying half. each Thisand employee

securely wind, moisture against BalsamWool. with and SURE WAYis plan. reasonable considered a The

fire protected is completely in place and resistant—BalsamWoolSealed all is fastened in theone employer which pays

for It is in both comfort against investment moisture. and a practical new principle, in example,wrong bad as an cost original the will within return a few old alone savings homes. Fuel

injurious for employee and employer years, and the dividends continue for the life of the building.

alike, even though some corporations pension their officers free of cost to CALL YOUR FRIENDLY LUMBER DEALER FOR FREE ESTIMATE the latter—an unwise and wrong You Will Be Surprised at the Reasonable Cost

practice that should be abandoned.

It course, is true, of that employees CITY LAKE 1-2611 THE MARK Of MORRISONMERRILL & CO SALTDIAl corporationsof are generally organized in powerful unions to which truculent P0CATEL10PHONE 134IDA politicians give and and scrape bow their unions deRENODIAL NEVADA31196 I back upsupport. The

mands by strikes and picket lines REUIABIL.ITV

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 773 FREEDOM: OR MONOPOLISTIC DOMINATION

(Concluded from preceding page) whether we shall have in America through which it is so dangerous to freedom or a monopoly controlled by pass that other workers do not group bosses—freedom under fair,

venture. Thus production stops, and right, and just laws impartially adthe innocent public suffer. Is this not ministered, or slavery under the dic-

a holdup game exactly in principle tatorship of these misguided bosses.

like that played by the bank robber? By all means let this be the dominant

But our laws make the latter a grave issue. Other issues, though highly

crime while the former is befriended important, can wait on the determinaby truculent officials and politicians tion of this one. Is not the Republic

"GOODBY TO MESSY WAYS,"who have an eye on the source from worth saving? Who doubts it?

situation apcome. votes which The are dissaying! I women They've things? of these speak do Why

critical. getting to very pears Some be I covered religion, liquid understand as our polish Because Silvo—the the leaders apparently have group it, for divinely stand requires to the us designed silver. specially for They

still are throat the and country by inspired of Constitution the United is, it fast it easily know how how restrictions repeal of the demanding all States to refuse of support and gets into tiniest out of and the this their limit Unless power. that that candidates measures and would crevices, their silver and glows how this still limited is further power bring to the foreign condition a about brilliance. glorious with a the under absolutely will be country spirit that of instrument that and would

these men. of domination turn over our country and government it SAFETY, Because conTOO! in the matter? can be done What to the control dictates autocratic of and tains abrasive no harsh or harmful the for educating campaign a Let be. bosses, they whoever may chemical, Silvo silver cannot hurt for carried on vigorously public be

or hands. Try it—only 35 at the purpose of inducing all voters to Our religion teaches without reservagrocery, department, and jewelry make a careful study of all pertinent tion the fatherhood of God and the

universal that of brotherhood man, and propaganda fancies enjoy your silver's rich and stores—and facts—not fellow should as love men we we craze. There the to relative "gimmes"new luster.

all ourselves. enjoined are love ourWe experts experienced scholarly, who are

I life this. All to have been do my for situation the write talk on and

the worthy purpose of giving the truth in full sympathy with those who toil, to us. In our study let us go to them those who earn their bread by the

their of than brow. For sweat more propagandists, crackpots and avoid and

I of them. years been have one seventy I trust will officials. an truculent even

toiler. the honest ask I love more no sure public. American I am informed

I of of than ask him myself—whichI of of members that number a vast organized groups are loyal American is—try sincerely to live the Golden

citizens and would vote against men Rule in all our relations with our and measures that by word and act fellow men. What more can we rightwould tend to destroy America's free fully ask of anyone?

enterprise system and that would im- I pray that the Lord will give us all peril the right of "life, liberty and a desire, and the wisdom and the courthe pursuit of happiness"to loyal age to do as he would have us do

Americans. relative to these and all other matters

But the situation, I repeat, is threatthat concern us and the welfare of our ening, critical. The elections in 1950 country, and I do it in the name of

and 1952 will undoubtedly decide Jesus Christ, our Savior. Amen.

PRESERVE OUR HERITAGE

(Continued from page 708) where to go to find new land. There

on which the owners might toil or is much land still available in the play throughout the year, and thereby west. We can make more if we

take away the monotony that follows want to, for nearly all of these western work in a factory. The plan has only states lie under irrigation. I trust you

partially been carried out as yet, but of Utah will not feel embarrassed

A PRODUCT OF THE K. T. FRENCH COMPANY thinking men are looking in that diwhen I tell you that the water now

rection for social safety. used in the state of Utah could be

Some years ago, at the time of the made to serve twice the area now first great war, we undertook in Salt being served. We have it in our

Lake City, in common with other own power, with the canals and

PROFITABLE DAYS cities, to raise all the foodstuff we could reservoirs and conditions that exist

AHEAD FOR on vacant lots and in the back yards of today, to double the area of cultivated the city. We were not successful in land in this state alone. The same

converting all of them to small farms, holds true in nearly all the western it that so converted. quite is a pity states. were a number Moreover, QUISH but irrigation pioneer the season of was over hundreds and we the When GRADUATES took an inventory of what we had projects in this and neighboring states,

Capitalize on QUISH training You'll now! be a done, we found that six hundred thoubuilt by the pioneers in their poverty,

of had food dollars worth competent beautician sand when tools, poor their and small means been with prograduated. QUISH vacant in the yards and raised back state of In the unfinished. remain vides with technical you

a City. Salt lots That of was Lake and gained knowledge ENROLL of have hundreds Utah alone we In 25 SEND FOR needs to our real contribution war

waiting for projects irrigation pioneer NOW FREEskill TODAY! years.CATALOG days. in those

SCHOOL OF Our young people often say, "There modern pioneers to finish them with

BEAUTY331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN isofficeno morecome land,quite noneregularlyfor us."men, Tousualmy Thatmodernis theappliances,challenge modernof the pioneermeans.

ly young men, who want to know spirit to young and old. We are774 m THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fixing our eyes too much upon the been the most important cornerstone great projects. They will come, but of our lives in the gospel of Jesus

meanwhile the little projects scattered Christ. It is basic to know that God

all over this western country should lives, that the story of Joseph Smith be our first obligation as individuals, is true, that the Lord loves us, and as communities. The states and the has a great destiny for us. Every

federal government will and must take speaker touched upon that. Another

care of the larger ones. foundation stone is that we must seek

I have noticed also, to my sorrow intelligence, education, learning, knowlthroughout a rather long life now, that edge. I was thrilled by the quotation

the fertility of our soils seems to be made by President [Levi Edgar] diminishing. Our crop yields are not Young yesterday, showing how

what they were some years ago, using the early hardhanded farmers of the same kind of methods as we used middle age or beyond gathered then. There seems to be a diminution. after the day's toil to study

That is not the way we should preserve Latin, Greek, and subjects of the our heritage. When the pioneers mind. We must not forsake the tradicame into the west, they found great tion of education. Our fathers set up

areas of land made fertile by centuries also the doctrine of industry. There

of sunshine, wind, and rain, frost, and is no place for idleness. The idler,

summer heat. Plant food lay upon the the deliberate idler, has no real place

top of the soil, so to speak. We have in the kingdom of God. All these

used it, but have not paid back what principles have been bound together we have taken from the land. In by another foundation stone, helping

spiritual and in temporal matters the one another, which we call in modern law of paying for what man gets is language "cooperation."We cannot

ever uppermost. be individual members of the Church

You farmers who are here, you sufficient unto ourselves. The very

children of farmers, you understand fact of membership in the Church us to think compel testimonies our and soil is a willing I mean.what The

life. go through neighbor of our as we It yieldsservant. farmer to the if the

farmer treats it right. Fortynine or With these guiding principles: faith,

fifty years ago this last June I visited education, industry, and cooperation, the great Rothhamsted Agricultural with our feet firmly on the land, we are

Experiment Station, the mother of the safe. Disaster cannot overtake us.

hundreds of experiment stations in the Now these principles and others world. The head of the station kindly were mentioned yesterday. They are

spent a day with me. He took me to a always mentioned. There is nothing

rolling hill, rather two hills with a new in the ageold gospel taught by valley between, and showed me about the Lord to Father Adam when the ten strips of the same crop, originally, story of man upon this earth began.

then in full blossom. One was red, I am grateful to be a member of this

another blue, and still another yellow, Church, to be one with you. I trust

each one bearing a different color. As I am one with you. I am grateful for

we stood admiring the scene in the the blessings that flow to those who beautiful English June sunshine, he are faithful in this great work. May

said, "All that has come because we we all be faithful and worthy of the have asked the soil to do certain things blessings we need and desire, I pray in a certain way, and the soil has rein the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

sponded. That which we started with Amen.

has disappeared under the influence of our culture."Nearby, was another

field where wheat had been grown continuously for fifty years. The soil

but its duty, to best still tried do its yield. In a A MESSAGE TO THE ELDERS small a only there was

the field, handled, properly nearby the OF THE CHURCH with high, comparable wheat stood best. {Continued from page 707)

Man has control over the earth. The

Lord has given us mastery. We are may come in if you wish, but I must

not servants upon the race of the tell you in advance that I have long in lost interest since the work you mastery use that should earth. We

represent. repented of some I have heritage. theme This our preserve to may not be directly spiritual, but it of the follies of my youth"—he had is important to help us in our spiritual been on a mission—-"and I now devote

lives, perhaps as important as anything myself to more substantial things."

that we give our attention to as a Naturally they were chilled with people. such a reception, and they were about

I rejoice at the testimonies borne to depart when they heard the voice of here today and yesterday. I have this man's wife, who had apparently

enjoyed them very much. I have been overheard the conversation. She called

thrilled by them. I could see running to them: "Brethren, please come

through the talks the ageold principles again."lect*Uc

that have made us what we are today, Largely in response to her appeal, a great people, new witnesses of these young men took courage to go WATER HEATERS

Christ. I saw in the talks the foundaagain and again, and after a time, in

this tion here mentioned stones of their efforts, work in part part through those the other after by one of his wife, the persuasion who through this FOWLER2545 S. E. GladstoneMANUFACTURING PortlandCOMPANY2, Oregon spoke yesterday. Faith has always (Concluded on following page)

NOVEMBER 1949 775 A MESSAGE TO THE ELDERS OF THE CHURCH

(Concluded from preceding page) ings held in connection with the general man repented of the follies he had conference of the Church, that if all committed since his youth, and came the priesthood of the Church were to back to activity in the Church and be obliterated save one elder only, he held a responsible office. would have the inherent right and

to reorganize appointment under power brethren of the quorums, Then, my its ofall the entire with Church things that did other you drew you fices.

elder. Enrich to be an proud Be brethren of your couragement you

with association close lives If by weaknesses. you your to someBring the Family succumbedaway. Without the aid and enhad smoked before your ordination, your fellow quorum members. Make

this world. in fraternities and the clubs formed smoked, youAnd Stay With Us younevertook it up again. If you had the quorums of the elders the finest

that brethren, you know, my did, and you acquaintance Do of men who and of reservoir power greatest the with to one practice the be up took That's real invitation. a We in Church in the whole strength of thought. you as them, Some you to feel want you the Hotel elders? the of Makeis little these the for quorums same a drinking began Temple Square is your home Church, the to available that clubs and joined power the purpose. You

in Salt Lake City—a comfortthe societies of these men of the and it will go forward by leaps and

able, convenient, friendly home, world, sometimes their lodges. You bounds.

the cheerful with a dining jokes about room to laughed at cheap to you, appeal my I make The final in their joined priesthood. serve satisfying, You you homelike and disappoint is brethren, do not

Sundays. on pastimes and pleasures meals. So, won't accept families. you Every and wives your grieve

exercisbeen have might you Saint faithful Latterday our invitation? stay When understanding and Come golf played priesthood, you ing your blesshighest the that knows us. with woman fishhunting and went them; you with her and to her come which ings may of you awhile after some ing; and priestthe through children come must

to a belonged that forgot you forgot, be can there that knows She hood. to your bound that were you quorum, in family the of perpetuation no

ties, forgot even sacred brethren by father and husband a without eternity Hotel vested set and apart been that had you Priesthood. Many the Holy honoring men to you make holy power a with filled is today mother and wife good a Temple Square in the other men "different"from in the sorrow and apprehension with

L. CLARENCE WEST world. elder the who of behavior neglect and Manager have this not I that grant may household. her of Now the at head stands

all behave of who course the been her of sake the for sake, her For elders'quorums in the inactive come other children, and your and children occupations, Exacting the Church. of to I you with plead children, men's real or disappointments, cases, in some inyour habits and worldly forsake Auwith differences Church fancied criticism, neglect and and difference have indolence pure thorities, may and of association the to back come and sober on but contributions, their made you. love brethren who your I believe brethren, consideration, my

think which the course to will stop agree that you you when know YouALL ALUMINUM is genuine. which is that outlined hold I have you priesthood the many that

have followed. Very few of you have strayed so far

Now this is the message that I send that you have lost that testimony. It

out to you elders of the Church who may be dormant, but it is not dead.

Keep Out are inactive in its affairs and indifIt will be rekindled with your reCold Drafts ferent to your responsibilities and opnewed activity, and it will bless your portunities. Study yourselves. Hark lives with inexpressible happiness and

Save on back to the days when you received joy.

live the again to priesthood. Try the which priesthood that that I know Fuel it you. to brought pride which joy and is and genuine bear to honored are we find authority lines of and your Trace than is it Sweaty more that I If Stop divine. know the to are proximate you out how esit is an in I that know name. a Windows this in priesthood the of restoration

dispensation. Never disparage in your sence of force and of power. I canown estimation the office of an elder not explain it, but I know that there

EASY TERMS in the Church of Christ. Remember is a constituency in it which someday

Call or Write thattwo elders,this Churchthe firstwasand organizedsecond elderby emanateswe will fromunderstand,God himself.and that it

the that the of Church, and seen I have power. that I have felt first in office the Church. itNowashigher Prophet I that theSTOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. effects. know is reits of elder that than priesthood

4847 So. State, Murray. Utah quired to be a minister of the gospel Joseph Smith received it from angelic

DEALERS IN UTAH, IDAHO, and to preach to the nations of the ministers, and I know that it has been

WYOMING, MONTANA, NEVADA earth. No higher priesthood is retransmitted to you and to me to be

MANUFACTURED IN UTAH quired to go into the holy temple and used in the blessing of God's children receive the lofty blessings that are and the establishment of his work. I

priesthigher therein bestowed. No to honor that priesthood. Will try Please of representatives have your one

into the will is enter to required free give estimate. hood call and us a brethren? you, my bemarriage and of eternal covenant

Name Phone come the head of a great household. I pray that we may and that God

Address I once heard President Joseph F. will help us so to do, in the name of

Town State Smith say, over in the Assembly Hall the Lord Jesus, whose servants we at one of the special priesthood meetare. Amen.

776 THF IMPROVEMENT ERA A TESTIMONY OF JESUS CHRIST

(Concluded from page 726) Christ say to us to enter into our as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and exaltation and dwell with him forever

this earth. here upon shall do wickedly, be stuball that11

I pure, live clean and andble;"you also, shall "the May melt elements12 live prayerful, accordhumble, be be entirety new type heat."ferventwith

We as members of the true Church ingthe tomoutheveryofwordGod thatin orderhas comethat fromthisare looking forward to that great day might be our happy lot, I humbly pray, airwave shall Christ to Jesuswhen come his in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. beating! shall the devilown, and be when bound

for one thousand years and cease to have power, as was explained yesterday, that he does at the present time, FULFILMENT OF PROPHECY over the hearts of the children of men. (Concluded from page 730)

At the close of that one thousand these things that not, ye Know my son, time,years'will for the devil be loose sight of in the are the abomination an will season,a short wickedness and all sins yea, abominable most Lord; above

again prevail throughout the world. save it be the shedding of innocent blood

Then will come the day when Lucifer or denying the Holy Ghost? (Alma 39:5.)

and all his evil hosts will be cast off this earth. They shall go into perdiNow, brothers and sisters, Satan is

tion and dwell as lost souls forever. working every way he can to get us

At that day the'earth shall be sanctito disobey the commandments of God, fied. It shall die, so the Lord revealed and I tell you he would have every

to resurrected. the Prophet13 ItJosephshall becomeSmith, anda newbe manwouldandhaveeverythemwomanall livingprofaning;immoralhe Brings central heating comworld. It shall become the celestialized lives; he would have them disregard fort to small homes at new

orb prepared for the members of "the every commandment of the Lord if he low cost! Gives almost same

Church of the Firstborn."Jesus could, in order that he might do what warm air circulation as more

Christ will judge all inhabitants of this he had decreed to do, exalt his throne costly forced air units. Tucka

earth. Those who have lived worthy above the stars of God, and become away in a corner, a closet,

to like thelives High. unto on day from Most down Adam's or can recessed be into a aswill help to recognize the us the millennium of bethe end God May wall. heating ia "AirWave"

this evil in of forthe earth power world dwell tosigned shun and to upon done with hot worm—not it I living to the celestialized and serve beingsever, as pray, God, to dwell

air. Floors are always warm in the of will Christ; the thus they be Christ. namewith Jesus Lord Jesus

assigned to their celestial glory. All Amen. and draftfree; even temwho have inhabited this earth will peratures in all rooms. See

seat the judgment beforestand of HONESTY systemthis revolutionarytoday! heating to will Christ be assignedJesus and

their future world in which to live (Concluded from page 732) will assignedforever. be Some is to proper that example, of honesty,

telestial glory, toterrestrial glory, some square dealing ourselves, among and perdition. to others evenand Many the with as world a whole. LENNOX attain the will not SaintsLatterday WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURERS bless sustain us us, and God AND May

didcelestial not they glory because that ENGINEERS will honest be OF the with Lord, WARM we AJR HEATING SYSTEMS of God; theabide commandments by honest with another, one honest with

will verytherefore, unhappy they be those faith, are not of our who one of these Authorized and See celestial gain did not theybecause sure this of out that the I am world theirs. Dealers about been could havelife which YOUR will to us as the come Lord's know

The Father will say to his Only people and men will be heard to say, Heating Problems

Begotten Son, "This is your world beCome, let us go up to the house of did of the greatcause you work that Jacob's God and learn of his ways and BLACKFOOT. IDAHO shall itsin being Redeemer. You in his paths. walk

now be the Lord, you shall be the God, I leave you my testimony that this MILES METAL WORKS you shall be the king of this world foris the work of the Lord, that a boy 346 West Bridge Street evermore. This is your kingdom."fourteen years of age saw the Father

Under the direction, then, of the and the Son in the wilderness; they EPHRAIM. UTAH

Father who has many other kingdoms, actually spoke to him and used him JENSEN'S PLUMBING & will preside here as your ChristJesus the instrument as through whom the HEATING of worthy of if we live God gospelGod and my the Lord Jesus Christ was celestial glory. restored last in to the earth the days GOODING. IDAHO all salvation for the of the Lord's of the Church of Jesus Members

Christ of Latterday Saints are heirs children. I bear you this testimony, REEDS ELECTRIC COMPANY

to this great kingdom on condition in his holy name. Amen. 3rd and Idaho Streets

that we obey the teachings of the gospel as revealed to earth through MONTPELIER, IDAHO the Prophet Joseph Smith. As Brother THBEL AND OLSEN BROTHERS

Romney very beautifully pointed out yesterday, today is the day for you and MURRAY, PROVO. PRICE, UTAH

for to that great prepare judgmentme this shall earth the WASATCH FURNACE &day when become celestialized orb. Then if we are found APPLIANCE CO.

worthy, we will hear the voice of Jesus

PARIS, IDAHO 4:1 "Malachi

122 Peter 3:10; D. & C. 101:25 BILL'S PLUMBING & HEATING

13D. & C. 88:2526

NOVEMBER 1949 777 Jodau 5 BEST JlamiLi WITH PRUDENCE AND THANKSGIVING YOU'VE

By Burl Shepherd

|HE ability to regulate and disEVER cipline oneself through the exer- 1;cise of reason"—is the modern

dictionary interpretation of "prudence."TASTED Does this carry any meaning into

the scriptural supplication that we use all wholesome foods "with prudence and thanksgiving?"Does it suggest

in this day of "evils and designs,"the wisdom of selfeducation in our living habits, in order that we may be reasonable in the exercise of selfdisci- pline?

One of our foremost writers on nutrition has hailed our new and increasing knowledge concerning the relation of food to health as "one of living in the discussion of the MIA revelations of modern teach that it states: major must the theme "We

withthe spirit science, perhaps constitute science."and the 1 And the body

out knowing it, continues to verify soul of man, and that violating the and amplify the latterday revelations body inevitably damages the soul."

of God. (p. 36) The statement is a potent

No Latterday Saint will question truth that may be applied to all phases the prescience of our Heavenly Father of our physical habits.

he years ago when hundred a over a that realize whereas we When the of question simple a answered of percent ninety years ago hundred treatise a with Smith Joseph Prophet farms, lived people on the American to foods various of relation the on eightyone of 1949 beginning at the it, 3 the put aptly so or, he as health, farm, the from lived percent away man."of use nature, and "constitution, for vital knowing the need sense can we

more about food and nutrition. "Indeed,

everyone should have such a sound fundamental knowledge of nutrition that it would be a very part of oneef- conscious self applied without and life."3 That, surely, fort in everyday

is an ideal toward which every individual should strive. It is a challenge

which every person who wants to enjoy his mission here on earth cannot afford to ignore.

highpressure of flood great the In he that when will doubt us of None is preemphasis today, advertising "order the as truths these forth set food unnatural on placed dominantly congreatly he was of will God"and to claims fantastic making concoctions huthe of welfare the about cerned far a growth. health To and support tabernacle. man is have wise than we degree greater 194950 MLLEYS for Manual Executive MIA wholenatural, from abduced been matereading in discrimination urges that people a become and foods some reminding health, of subject the rial on bags. paper tin and cans of out lives glorious the of "one that Saints the Too/ Economical perverted become have tastes Food to revealed been has that principles children growing that extent the to quality distinctive has Lumberjack's keeping with deals Saints Latterday apprenot often do adults it selling even syrup largest the and made are healthy. clean and the We body it have they today. Try Northwest! in the unless foods natural ciate refrain to what eat and to told what and recognition beyond mangled been the Stressing 33) taking."(p. from

Extension College Agricultural State 2Utah health and clean of import 1949. August Flashes,""Farm

ofLUMBERJACK SYRUP spiritual D., Word The Leah and A. John sWicitsoe, New Service, and Health. Food Henry C, "Sherman, 1937. Co., Deseret Book City: Lake Salt Wisdom. 1934. Co., Macmillan York: The

served with spices and seasonings to mask the true nature of wholesome flavor. "Wise is the housewife who

is conscious of the perishable nature of healthpromoting elements in food, and who insists on simple foods and modern quickcooking methods.

The seasons for feasting are at hand. Traditionally they have be-... and some

come times for overeating and often careless eating The answer lies in educating ourselves in proper living habits, in reFels-Naptha Soap Chips turning to natural, unrefined foods as a basis for health and vitality. We

are a chemical combination of the dust of the ground, and that which we eat and drink today becomes living!

isflesh not Health tomorrow. merely to put in it

it is condition a from disease;freedom

of buoyant and vital resistance to disease that is built up through many years of wise adherence to the principles of health.

WINTER SALADS

By Burl Shepherd WEgardenall thinkis green.of saladsLet's notwhenforgetthe

them after the first frost. For

the first rule in the book for salads is simply this: serve them! Serve

them twice a day every day the year round.

What a lucky bride—starting her

new life as a 'Mrs.'with a

wonderful wedding gift like this!

And in saying "wonderful"we're not forgetting the box of

FelsNaptha Soap Chips that goes with it.

Salads need not be elaborate, but Even if your washer isn't the newest model, they should feature fruits raw and you'll get new -pleasure from it if you start using vegetables, unless your doctor prohibits their use, for in this way you FelsNaptha Soap Chips—right away.

insure your family a protective supThe extra washing action contained in every box of ply of lifegiving elements of the soil in their natural state. A single raw husky, nonsneeze FelsNaptha Soap Chips will help

vegetable may be served as a "finger your washer do more than save washday time and work.

salad"without dressing at one meal. Your FelsNaptha washes will be so clean and white

carrot sticks,Try onion slices, cauliand sweet you'll almost think you have a new machine.flower sections, green rings, pepper

cucumber fingers, celery stalks, turnip For the washing surprise of your life or cabbage wedges, and apple sections get some FelsNaptha Soap Chips today!

(eat the peelings too).

Rule number two is: save the vitamins! Don't soak salad your vege- 'N o>C(a FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE?BY FtLSE intables of a pan water, don't and

prepare the salad an hour ahead of time and let it stand at room temperature. Salads are best prepared just FelsNaptha Soap

serving.before MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA And rule three: the salad might

wisely be served before the main (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 779 WINTER SALADS (Concluded from preceding page) d. Celery or dill seeds, or chopped

course as it is more certain to be dill pickle. Mayonnaise or

eaten when the appetite is keen, French dressing.

especially by children. Also, it helps

to prevent overeating of other foods Apple Salads and thus controls the waistline. By

for the same token, a rich fruit salad is Fruit Medley: Cube apples, oranges,

better served after the main course and pineapple. Add a spoonful

few or a minced cranberries its earlier high of served because were it PLATE Christmas color. seeds for pomegranate refusal to lead might satiety value

of other foods, particularly by growBanana dressing or honey French ing children. dressing may be used.

Fruit Sections: Alternate sections

Carrot Salads of unpeeled red apple with grapefruit sections on bed of lettuce

Shred enough carrots for the family or romaine. Sprinkle with lemon

salad and add: juice and honey mixture, or top

a. Ground or whole raisins. Serve with mayonnaise. Garnish with

with peanut butter dressing, chopped dates.

banana dressing, or whipped cream. Banana Dressing

b. Yi CUP chopped celery to each

cup of carrots, 2 tablespoons Place a ripe banana in a bowl and minced parsley, 1 tablespoon mash with fork until perfectly smooth.

minced onion. Serve with French Add salad oil, a little at a time, beatdressing or mayonnaise. ing constantly. Add lemon juice to

day lZlti/ha Porfr c. Chopped bell pepper, diced aptaste, and more oil, stirring until

ple. French fruit dressing or thick. (Use corn, peanut, cottonseed,

or soybean oil for variety.) mayonnaise.

ego r;,T rc'er o/ * 'ype pi", d. Shredded pineapple, chopped

nuts. Mayonnaise. Peanut Butter Dressing

eVetyl/D of,Piace C'rs e. Quarteredley or basil.tomatoes,Sour creamminceddresspars- Slowly add 4 tablespoons cool

ing. water and 1 tablespoon lemon juice to

1 tablespoon peanut butter, stirring

Cabbage Salads constantly to prevent lumps. A tablespoon each of finely minced onion and

To finely shredded cabbage add: parsley will improve the dressing.

green pepapple, chopped hivC''<i'->''<''><!'\ a. Diced Honey French Dressing almonds. Mayonper, slivered

oil CO. SALES salad tablespoons 3 beet, carrot, grated ]/2 cup each City 13. Ut | b.4! P.INLANDO. Box 2076. Salt LakeMFG. & naise. juice lemon tablespoons 2 of cup to each celery chopped

Please Bluesend Templeme Keepsake Plates \S cabbage; chopped parsley and 1 tablespoon honey

Sepia Temple Keepsake Plates? onion. French dressing. Beat well together, or shake in a

one Check y an This is to taste. Salt slices, bottle. pineapple, banana c. Diced $1.95* Prepaid. I enclose yf Send D green for tossed dressing for plate ordered. excellent each Mayonnaise marshmallows. cut

will postman C.O.D. pay Send & salads. dressing. o 5 or fruit $1.95*$1.95* forfor plusplus postage.postage. eacheach I plate,plate,

'Includes State Tax.

c NAME ADDRESS r CITY STATE. Suggested Reading

Bogert, Jean. Nutrition and Physical Macy, Icie G. and Harold H. WilFitness. Philadelphia: W. B. liams. Hidden Hunger, Lancaster,

Saunders Company, 1949. ($4.25) Pa. Jaques Cattell Press, 1945.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM Borsook, Henry. Vitamins: What Rorty, James, and N. Philip Norman.

7th & BROADWAY They Are and How They Can BeneTomorrow's Food: The Coming

in Nutrition. San FranMODERATE RATES fit You. New York: The Viking Revolution

for Headquarters in L. D. S. Los Angeles Inc., 1947. cisco: PrenticeHall 1940. Press, R. Operator WISHON. FRANK

($3.50) Stella, and MarMargaret Chaney, LOS ANGELES the Feeding Schwartz. Mary Nutrition. Ahlborn. garet New Rose, TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE Macmillan Francisco: San Family. Company, HoughtonMifflin York:

1934. Publishing Company, 1940. ($5.50)

Davis, Adelle. Vitality Through Sherman, Henry C. Foods: Their

Planned Nutrition. San Francisco: Values and Management. New

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Macmillan Company, 1942. York: Columbia University Press,

"The Voice of the Church"($3.00) 1946.

Through D. Rehabilitation Spies, Tom Cook It Right. New York: 12 issues $2.50 Let's Philadelphia: Nutrition. Better W. 1947. HarcourtBrace & Company,

($3.00) B. Saunders, 1947. ($3.00)

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "GOD SO IOVED THE WORLD"(Continued from page 704) MAKE HOLIDAYS MORE FESTIVE rf "While still a young man, the tide of popular opinion turned against him.

His friends ran away. One of them

denied him; another betrayed him. He

was turned over to his enemies. He

went through the mockery of a trial.

He was nailed on the cross between two thieves. His executioners gambled

for the only piece of property he had on earth while he was yet dying, andthat was his cloak. When he was JHHMCBHBIE

dead, he was taken down and laid in a borrowed grave through the pity of friend.a "Nineteen wide centuries have come. decorations for.

and gone, and today he is the center of Charming and PP Tavetn Pmitan the human race and the leader of the progress. far of withincolumn I am boys and curias. The allthe the armies I say that mark whenthat ever marched, and all the navies B"

that were ever built, and all the thatparliaments ever sat, and discriminating hose* all the * togetherkings reigned that ever put have not affected the life of man upon this earth as profitably as has that one solitary man."

Close Parallel in Lives of Savior and Joseph Smith

In the life and accomplishments of

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, we see a strong resemblance to that of the

Savior. When the Savior chose his

twelve disciples, he chose them from the humble walks of life. It is the

Lord's way.

For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called; But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and

God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are ttletidecanmighty; 5k <****,y

And base things of the world, and despised, are haththings which God?nd things are the yea,chosen, which

the not, "'"rXfoltplease home that to are: things bringto nought gtom yo Season g,ft his in flesh presglory should holiday That no bnghtea the

ence. (II Corinthians 1:2629.)

boxes,fcom75cto Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you, my servant Joseph Smith, I am well pleased with your offering and acknowledgements, which you have made; for unto this end have I raised you up, that

I might show forth my wisdom through the weak things of the earth. (D. & C.?/*

124:1.)

Joseph Smith was born of humble parentage in an obscure village. He

never went to college nor attended high school, but he accomplished in Stores, the short period of his life of thirtyeight and onehalf years more than any other mortal man of his time, if not of all time. Joseph Smith and

his brother Hyrum were martyrs to the truth. They were murdered in

cold blood by a disguised and ruthless mob.

During the short life of the Prophet

Joseph Smith he was instrumental in (Concluded on following page) TAVERN CANDLES

NOVEMBER 1949 781

"GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD..."

(Concluded from preceding page) the hands of the Lord in the estabMEN JUMP lishment of the Church and kingdom of at a chance to buy this new, God on earth as seen in vision by the

Prophet Daniel. Through him the

improved and exclusive everlasting gospel in its fulness was Iff $ restored, with all its gifts, blessings, principles, and ordinances, and the power and authority of the priesthood to administer the ordinances of the gospel to the children of men, who, "Bitesize"is something a by repentance and obedience, are preman "can get his teeth into"pared to receive them.

... a hearty food for heman The works of Joseph Smith and the

appetites, but not a "heavy"spirit that prompted them live on in one. Why not surprise him the hearts and lives of his followers

tonight with Tuna au gratin who are numbered by the hundreds of as the main dish for dinner? thousands now living and have inHe'll love it! fluenced the lives of other hundreds

of thousands who have gone to their reward.

More than a century has passed since the martyrdom of the Prophet, but his works and the spirit which actuated them are increasing in the earth. Many have died for the religion

established by the Prophet Joseph

PAC>INS0YBEAN0l? there are Smith, many thousands and A$Kfc

if necesSALT ADDED ea do likewise today would who sary. He gave his life for the cause

and, like the Savior, sealed his testiGRATIDTUNA mony with his blood.

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. Personal Testimony

As a witness for the Lord Jesus

Christ, I bear you my testimony that

The Hammond Organ Will Give fiedGod andthe exaltedEternal being,Fatherhavinglives, aa gloribody of flesh, bones, and spirit as tangible

Your Chapel The Music of as man's, and that he has revealed himself anew to the world through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph

Cathedral Quality Smith, whom he raised up to be the mighty Prophet of the last days; that

is the Son of God, the m That is one of the many reasons why so Jesus Christ many L.D.S. Wards are enjoying their Savior and Redeemer of the world;

of Prophet a Smith was Joseph Hammond. Other reasons are: that in that the and work the Living God;

The only organ in the World you never need to tune. which we, as Latterday Saints, are

Cost of upkeep is very small. engagedJesus Christis thewhichgospelall menof themustLordreCan be placed anywhere and moved at will. ceive if they would be saved in the

Easy to play. kingdom of God.

Costs less than any comparable organ. I bear this testimony to you and to

all the world, in the name of Jesus

Write us or call in for full information Christ. Amen.

- GLEN SALT LAKE CITY BROS.Established MUSIC1907 CO.OGDEN

A TESTIMONY OF THE TRUTH

(Continued from page 706) HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. himself when he declared to the Jews

1 IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I histhatFatherthey shouldwho wouldknow doof thethedoctrine,will of

YE KING'S REST MOTEL whether it was of God or whether 526 SOUTH 5th STREET he spoke of himself. My witness to

Dr. Harold B. Foutz. Owner all the world is that this book is true.

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager I have read it many, many times. I

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout have not read it enough. It still contains truths that I still may seek and

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA find, for I have not mastered it, but

I know it is true.

I know that the testimony of these witnesses recorded in each copy of the

Book of Mormon is true, that they stood in the presence of an angel of

God who declared unto them that the record as it was translated was correct, that their testimony that God spoke to them from the heavens calling upon them to bear witness of that fact is true, and there is not a soul who cannot receive that testimony if he desires to receive it, by reading this book prayerfully and faithfully, with a desire to know the truth as

Moroni has declared by revelation.

He shall know the truth regarding the restoration of this scripture given to the ancient inhabitants of this continent.

Now this declaration or testimony that I have given is vital to every living soul, for I want to say that if a man unto whom the knowledge of this record comes, and unto whom the testimony has been given that Joseph

Smith saw the Father and the Son, and that the gospel was restored by commandment of God and the coming of angels, rejects that testimony and will not follow it through, he will have to face it before the judgment seat of

God and give answer why he refused to harken—so it is a vital message to

every soul.

Every man who rejects this record, who rejects the testimony of Joseph

Smith, who declares him to be a false prophet and this book a fraud, who has had this testimony which it contains given unto him, will stand before the judgment seat of God condemned, because the truth was laid before him.

He had the opportunity to hear and receive, and in rejecting it he has placed himself in disfavor with his

Father in heaven.

I will read a verse or two from the testimony of Nephi which is given at the close of the record which he kept.

I cannot take time to read it all. You

will find it in Chapter 33 of Second

Nephi. I will read the last four verses.

And I pray the Father in the name of

Christ that many of us, if not all, may be saved in his kingdom at that great and last day.

And now, my beloved brethren, all those who are of the house of Israel, and all ye ends of the earth, I speak unto you as dust: the crying from of one the voice REXBURG, IDAHO shall come. that until great day Farewell RICKS COLLEGE

of will partake that not And you the Operated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe respect words of and God, goodness of the Jews, and also my words, and day Saints the words which shall proceed forth out of the mouth of the Lamb of God, behold, Offers bachelor of arts and bachelor of science

I bid you an everlasting farewell, for degrees these words shall condemn you at the last day. Offers a full four years of college training, includFor what I seal on earth, shall be brought ing training in education

against you at the judgment bar; for thus

hath the Lord commanded me, and I must Winter quarter registration, November 28 to Deobey. Amen. cember 12

The Lord bless you, in the name of (Write Registrar for details)

Jesus Christ. Amen.

NOVEMBER 1949 783 MISSIONS AND MISSIONARIES (Continued from page 703) "they draw near to me with their lips, and hardly to be mentioned by name. but their hearts are far from me; they

But he is still what he was in the flesh, teach for doctrine the commandments of Improvement a reality, a man of like passions with ourmen, having a form of godliness, but they selves, a guide, a counselor, a comforter, deny the power thereof."(Pearl of Great

die bravely, Era Directors ato great voice calling to us to live nobly, Price, Joseph Smith, 2:19.) and to keep up our courage A few years later, specifically, last. the to

April 6, 1 830, Joseph Smith received by

The Deseret PeterTheseof oldmissionaries declare with theinstructionsspirit of fromprophecythe Saviorand revelation"to or-

. News Press ganize his Church once more here upon given.. thereamongis nonemen,otherwherebyname underwe mustheavenbe theThusearth."was established by direct revesaved. (Acts 4:12.) lation divine the authority and from Salutes You! Father Eternal and Jesus Christ who

The second distinctive message is founded the Church in the Meridian

The hundreds of men this:understand,Every andmissionaryso declareshouldin clearlyunmiswhichof Times,is settheup Churchas a forerunner,of Latterdays,if you

and women who carry takable words, the relation of this please, to the establishing of the king- "The Improvement Era"Church to other Christian organizadom of God upon the earth. And in

the of it is President Taylor, words neither John an outgrowth tions—that peoof the to the homes division of of them. nor a True, any

the a Unless Father a had Church and a most rendering is are ple classed generally the with Church his to people submitted had law and who

Protestants; Protestantism the but beimportant it to helpful to willing submit and with were an and

the great gan with of organization gathered people such a dissenters—Martin

Philip service. Luther, Ulrich Melanchthon, nations the earth of under from among the

Zwingli, John Knox, and others. These the direction of a man inspired of God,

The Deseret News great reformers denounced corrupt the mouthpiece of Jehovah to his people,

I there that with such say an organization is refor the Lord, a chance God to be Press, printers of "The practicesticularly inthe thesellingRomanof Church,indulgencesparImprovement Era,"has wherein delinquents could make satisvealed. There is an opportunity for the

life to of a chance be made manifest, contributions, a law money faction by watched its growth with for of to the principles introduce God carried practice one pretext on under satisfaction. will for of the the earth upon and pride and a regular heaven another until it became and

it is to earth as be upon done done God financial for increasing expedient 10, 18:140, Oct. in heaven. 1875.) D. (J. revenue. papal you congratulate We

these fundamental two great With It was extended even to souls in who have been given truths the heart of their as message, purgatory.

) the divinity of the misthe privilege of repreThe great men whom I have named namely, ( 1 senting this important rebelled against this evil and others, sion of the Lord Jesus Christ, the Savrestora- ior the of world, the and (2) in protest. organized churches Church Magazine. and his misin this tion age, the of gospel Accordingly, Diet second when the

of Spires in 1529 passed a resolution sionaries are to the best of their ability, "The Improvement fulfilling the injunction to preach the

Era"and its companion... disallowing further religious innovagospel to every creature, baptizing

tions in the Lutheran states, whilst prothem in the name of the Father and of

Church publication. The hibiting the profession of the Zwinglian the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teachChurch News Section of and Anabaptist forms of the reformed ing them to observe all things whatsothe "Deseret News,"thisfaith, protestationthe Lutheranwasminoritysignedprotested,by fourteenand everThis,the then,Lordbrethren,has commanded.is a worldwide

serve the Church in their cities as well as by the elector of Saxony, Church organized preparatory to the the of landgrave four other Hesse and establishing of the kingdom of God on fields, keeping respective provinces. the Protestant Hence as a name of which earth by means of the party. evangelical designation to date up the members

oh Church doctrine, hisan. opportunity.. the Lord Godfor themaylawsbe revealed,of life toandbe

tory, progress, current Protestantism, under many different made manifest.

news and general inforamongnames, thespreadAmericanover colonies,Europe andand freelater These thousands of missionaries and mation. dom to worship as one sincerely wished men who hold the priesthood everybecame more and more the proscribed where are ambassadors of good will,

We salute you, "Era"heartsright ofof manythe individual,a true believerbut inin Jesusthe theis toultimatechange purposethe heartsof ofwhosemen serviceeveryDirectors. of Nazareth, there remained an abidwhere from selfishness and greed to

ing belief, a feeling that the authority tolerance, compassion, and brotherto represent him had been taken from hood. And, so, with all our hearts we

the earth, and that there can sing:

glory; of messengers Go, ye

of be... can out no recovery skies; the of legates that Run, ye

till Christ forth The apostasy shall send new tell the pleasing story Go and

Deseret apostles to plant churches anew. ThatGreata gloriousand mighty,angel flies,

This in effect is what the Lord told With a message from the skies.

News Press yearoldJoseph Smithlad he wheninquiredas whicha fourteenof all VisitGo to ev'ryev'ry landtribe andand clime;nation;

Salt Lake City, Utah sects was right and which should he Sound to all the proclamation.

join. Joseph was told to join none Tell to all the truth sublime:

of them for, as has been heretofore That the gospel = quoted, Does in ancient glory shine.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Go, to all the gospel carry.

Let the joyful news abound;

Go till ev'ry nation hear you,

Jew and Gentile greet the sound.

Let the gospel, Echo all the earth around.

Bearing seed of heav'nly virtue,

Scatter it o'er all the earth;

Go! Jehovah will support you;

Gather all the sheaves of worth;

Then, with Jesus, Reign in glory on the earth.

—John Taylor

May the heart of every missionary be inspired by the spirit of his Lord, whose authorized servant he is, to the end that selfishness and violence now so powerful in the world will be replaced by loyal service, truth, and brotherhood! I pray in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

OBSERVE THE SABBATH DAY

(Continued from page 701) This raised difficulties. So in order BEST BREAD IDEA OF THE MONTH -* tohd 8,

to give a little more scope to their prise that will score with your family and guests. With a 2V2inch cookie cutter,

home activities, they made a rule, a cut rounds from Fisher's Enriched White Bread, and Fisher's 100% Whole Wheat regulation, that if they were in a street Bread. Place a slice of tomato between 2 slices, then add a thick slice of ham

that was a culde-sac (closed at one or other cold meat, and top with third slice. Garnish each sandwich with a large

end), each household along the street ripe olive "football,"numbered on top with cream cheese. Serve on long tray.

meal, of contribute a handfulwould in footballs) boiled (representing center Hard be placed eggs of sandwich may this of they meal make would outand tray, to delicious 8 using pencil design. varieties dark heavy mark seam they hang then up cake, would anda

to at its of Fisher's best! from Breads which bread choose—eachfootball ofthis the the at end, open end cake

the street, and thus all the street became part of the household of this street If the open, group. waswhole

thing hanging a StarKist TunaPotato Pie bythey did the same cake at each end of the street where they lived.

My reason for making that explana- A dish you can make quicktion is that I think there is a differly, easily, with things on ence between do what may we in our hand. (Save time with new go abroadhomes and what may we

to do. instant mashed potatoes.)

The Lord has told us what we may For naturally finer flavor, do in the house of prayer, and what use StarKist Tuna—only

we may do in the house of prayer we the smaller, naturally finermay do, I take it, in our homes. We flavored tuna are packed

seek may readmay We ourunder this quality label. acquaint books.good learning.We may

selves with languages, tongues, and people.

I call your attention again to the fact that the only places of gathering to authorized to go, the which we are gatheringsonly to StarKist are authorized we attend, are the meetings in the house is prayer.of other gathering PIE auTUNA-POTATO No

- ssssTuna*"thorized the Sabbath. on Serves 4 hungry people for 93i

I listen think to music good may we

SOLID PACK I GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingby i Iin the 3 tbsps. butter think not home. StarKist 1 * Vi can do Solid BUY Fancy may we

go joy riding, nor to beach parties, nor or margarine Pack (or Chunk Style) Tuna OR CHUNK STYLE, on picnics! Nowadays, as this confer- 3 tbsps. flour 1 cup canned (cooked) peas STARKIST QUALITY IS THE SAME!

ence is witnessing throughout this val- 1 cup milk ]/2 cup grated American Cheese ley and in adjacent areas, you may V2 tsp. salt 2 cups hot mashed potatoes FREE TUNA RECIPE BOOK

have what we may call movies right in Melt butter, blend in flour; add milk, salt, and stir Makes Menu Planning Easy

shall home.your tohave them till We quite thick. in Blend tuna, peas, into pour and easily Economical preand

I is think there Sunday.morrow, a dish. Stir half baking the into cheese pared, kitchen potahot tested tuna

differencegreat looking at a between are then toes—which into spooned baking recipes. dish StarKist Write

in moviegood your going and home over tuna of remainder Tuna, cheese Island, Terminal mixture—sprinkleto house, differgreat a a movie very 350 top. in F. on 15 Bake to 20 11-E. oven Calif., Dept. minutes.

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 785 OBSERVE THE SABBATH DAY (Concluded from preceding page) that you very much desire. Of course,

ence. But the home movies we look at we may not gamble at any time or in

should be of a kind that teach things any place.

I am merely making some sugVALVES! specified in the revelations as in order Now,

t<- in the house of prayer. gestions to you as to what I think are

Some of you are using in your Sunsharp lines of distinction. I think you

day Schools visual aids which in fact may do anything in your home on are frequently only movies. But their Sunday or in the house of prayer on

character should be carefully guarded, Sunday which the Lord has said you and I am sure they will be, that might do, and the words of the Lord nothing be shown that does not conin the revelations to which I have retribute to the learning we may get in ferred will tell you what you may do the house of prayer, for in Sunday in the house of prayer.

of prayer. to are in the help us house obSchool the Lord you Now, may

it the gaining holy, will the knowlserve then keep Sabbath be day and tion man,--* 1 You edge which the Lord said should be because, as I read to you at the very gained in the house of prayer. But that beginning, this commandment regardgives you no license to go to commering the Sabbath was given, among

cial movies on Sunday, because we are other reasons, "that thou mayest more not authorized to go to such gatherings. fully keep thyself unspotted from the

I think there is a sharp distinction in world."

this matter. And then there follow along in that

Of course, I do not suppose there is same revelation all the things which any need of my even mentioning, the Lord has given to us from the

IT'S TOPS"though perhaps it might be well for earth, and to me those things are recited that racing as to mention, horse showing Lord on what by the we dR&*222B2LBBr* me entitled for place to Sabbath. the proper keep is not a a are Sunday if we

Latterday Saint to be. They have a May the Lord help us keep the

good deal of it, they tell me, in the Sabbath I humbly pray, adding my southern part of the state. I have been testimony to those that have been

in touch with some of the officers and borne regarding the truth of this great know how difficult they think it is to work, the divinity of the mission o handle. If you Latterday Saints canJoseph Smith, the sonship of Jesus,

not stay away from horse racing and that we have the restored gospel and gNGAMDVMyJ Uxe'fNrsbricant for Motor M muchbettingtheon LordSunday,is Igoingam notto surelistenhowto theLord restoredwill blesspriesthood.us, I humblyThatpray, thein

your prayers about some other things the name of Jesus. Amen.

H. M. HICKS THE WELFARE PROGRAM

Utah Distributors (Continued from page 699) large measure to those who are in need.

SPANISH FORK. UTAH ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. But all this time we have been just as

And why beholdest thou the mote that well off, or better off, perhaps, than we is considerest but eye, in thy brother's not sent have not would had been if we thine eye? that is in the own beam quilts packages, 9000 over 16,000 and

Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, 131 carloads of food and bedding and

Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; clothing to Europe to people who were

and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? needing it more than we needed it.

(Matt. 7:1-4.) We have not missed it.

THE As a people we are advised not The Lord gave a revelation to the to be critical, not to be unkind, not to Prophet Joseph Smith. He said,

of with those harshly speak we whom OF BOOK MORMON saith the thus Behold, unto Lord my to the be ought associate. We

things to have do many and in all in the greatest world exemplars people—you GUIDE BOOK of; for sins to behold, repent your have criticism the Consider regard. that BIRRELL by VERLA are me, pardoned, not unto and come up and newspapers your today. Pick up

to in counsel seek because your you own Contents of Actual being are that things The the unkind see ways.

others, individuals and about said by OF BOOK THE MORMON is individual the times yet who many satisfied. hearts are not your And And to Classified according his in eye criticizing a has beam own truth, the pleasure not but obey have ye subject matter—arand does not see at all clearly, but he in unrighteousness. (D. & C. 56:1415.)

ranged with 28 charts does think his brother has a mote in and 6 maps. his eye. I would like to call attention I thought when one of our brethren

Read of the to that situation. waslittle talkingshortcomingsto us andeachtellingof ususofmaythe

Archaeology, Geography, There is growing in our own counhave, and each of us has some, I am

Customs, Religion try, really, a conflict between capital sure—some more than others—

of Certain Ancient Peoples and labor, or may I say between thought how careless we are in observon the Western Hemisphere the rich and the poor. What does the ing the Sabbath day.

kind? that things of about Lord $5.00 careless attendabout afternoon told this we are been How have We say Facilitates Teaching Research careless to our prayers. about program, the welfare how ing about How

failing in to are thank the Lord it are is those help to possible in we who BIRRELL CO. BOOK that for the this have food so abundantclosed, Church we Since the war City need. P. Salt Lake O. Box 952

I like ly, to abundantly, say in its and would substance very of imparted has 786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that there is no necessity for any man, woman, or child in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to go without, for the Church is organized to help those who lack the necessities of life. There is plenty for all, and

to spare.

We have in the Church many wonderful individuals—and out of the

Church many wonderful individuals. I

heard of a case here just a few days ago of a man who had been informed that a child had polio and had to go to the hospital. The probability was it

would recover but would remain ill for months or years. I am speaking

of a man who is not a member of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. He lives in this part of the

world, however.

He was told of the situation, and that there was no way of obtaining what was needed. When he was informed it would take $700 to provide

treatment for this particular child, and theit money where not known was get One of the Great Hotels of the'said, obtained, "You hecould be what is needed and send the bill to West welcomes you to Salt Lake me."City. You'll enjoy tasty, delicious

man. wealthy a He was man The food, and friendly, courteous service

is it. fact, there an In misswill not

old saying that has come down to us in both the Royal Dining Room and that they who give to the poor but ultramodern Coffee Shop.

lend to the Lord. This man has made

an investment in the life of a child, and he has made an investment in his own happiness that will return to him great dividends.

Not all people who are wellto-do would think they could do that. They

would say, "Get somebody else. Let J. Holman Waters, President

us take up a collection. Get somebody J. Holman Waters - W. Ross Sutton, Managers

else to do it."

says the Lord is what This further In the Center of Downtown S alt Lake chapter,in and I am reading that same from the fiftysixth section of the MAIN AT 4th SOUTH ST.* SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH*VI"

Doctrine and Covenants:

Wo unto you rich men, that will not give your substance to the poor, for your riches will canker your souls; and this

shall be your lamentation in the day of visitation, and of judgment, and of indignation: The harvest is past, the summer is THE NEW DODGE WAYFARER

ended, and my soul is not saved! (D. & C. 6-PASSENGER SEDAN56:16.)

That is what the Lord says of the rich people who refuse to impart of their substance to those who are poor.

But he says something just as serious to the poor man who is not doing his best. He says:

Wo unto you poor men, whose hearts are not broken, whose spirits are not contrite, and whose bellies are not satisfied, Do not be satisfied with just a look. Take a drive in the sensational car

and whose hands are not stayed from layeveryone is talking about.

ing hold upon other men's goods, whose eyes are full of greediness, and who will DELIVERED IN SALT LAKE CITY FOR ONLY not labor with your own hands! (D. & C.

56:17.) $196950

That is the situation of many of our IMMEDIATE DELIVERY!

in brothers America and sistersown that enjoy SEE IT TODAY! the blessingswith all we

better wages, better homes, better opportunities for education than have Lyman Motor Co., Inc.

ever been known before. Yet we 6th South and Main Streets 4-8481

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1949 787.

Here's Your CHECK CHART THE WELFARE PROGRAM for FINE BISCUITS/, (Continued from preceding page) properly, it is theirs, and he will if its will use it in they bless use them will not only not today men have who properly. will also they but themselves, work ipairlyJJniformShage to going are not become I hope we else to be permit emsomebody EjJjJrownedXrus not bitter and because some women men to willing earn are not ployed. They

their living by work, but they propose are wellto-do. If we are wellto-do,

to take it from the rich man. I hope we are not going to be selftoocTFJavor \n—So the Lord says of them, "Wo unto centered and unconscious of the needs

them,"the same as he says of the poor. of our Father's other children. If we

Then he said further, "But blessed are are better off than they are, we ought

Y&$ on every count when you the poor who are pure in heart."There to be real brothers and sisters, not

be desires should makebelieve. Our bake the Clabber Girl way with is quite a difference there,

such an organworld develop in this to

Girl, the baking Clabber powder pure are the poor... blessed who are

action double with balanced in worksization wouldthat others,be constrainedseeing ourto glorifygood are broken, whose and.. heart, whose hearts

Ask Mother, She Knows., spirits are contrite, for they shall see the the name of our Heavenly Father.

in power and coming kingdom conferof God wonderful a have had We their deliverance; great glory unto in all the you world could for ence. Where

the fatness of the earth shall be theirs. go to find such an organization, to

(D. & C. 56:18.) witness such assemblies as we have had

here on this block, this week? This is

They are those who have not the the Lord's house. This is the Lord's

wealth of the world but still have life work. You have been addressed and

and being and intelligence, and who are advised and counseled by the servants anxious to do the thing the Lord would of the Lord, men who are giving their have them do. time and the best they have in them

He says further, as has been indicated—some of them

not well enough now because they have

For behold, the Lord shall come, and overworked. They are trying to do

him, Guaranteed and shall with be by his recompense like would Father Heavenly our what

Housekeepin Good the man, shall and every reward he all do. to of us

rejoice; if*ovtRTisio shall poor

fall the bad not must We the inherit shall their generations And not must people. other habits of intoWe earth that the into frame of mind we get GIRLCLABBER has. other the man take what there will be more poor than any other will ten commandments, to the back Refer 'Faking VowJLvi undoubtedly kind, parashort find will one you and

188 A... and their generations shall inherit the graph, "Thou shalt not covet."That

earth from generation to generation, forever is what is the matter with a good many and ever. And now I make an end of speakpeople today. They are coveting what

ing unto you. Even so. Amen. (D. & C. somebody else has, when as a matter

56:1920.) of fact, many of them have been cared

for and provided with means to live

That was the Lord talking to the by those very ones from whom they

Prophet Joseph Smith in our day in would take away property.

June 1831. We must not get into that frame of

He has further said, mind. Others may do that, but if we

have the spirit of the gospel of Jesus

Thou shalt not be idle; for he that is Christ in our hearts, we will not be

idle shall not eat the bread nor wear the deceived in that regard.

garments of the laborer. (D. & C. 42:42.) We are told that we cannot serve God and some other master. We have

if to want choice, and our to we make sisters, and brethren we Now, my chilthe of and servants the God be in organour rich poor and both have earn and Father Heavenly our of dren be can If poor, are izations. we we

it honorby blessings, his must do we here. indicates the just as Lord worthy

his commandkeeping ing and by him our heart in and do pure can be We if love, feelings, our and ments. Our those permit will not who best, he and go should expression, that use I may necesfor the suffer to their best do

far they as all as the to out people life the who sities of among it. in way, humble our receive Weworld of will Christ of Jesus in the Church are

Latterday Saints. with the blessings of our Heavenly them teach to them Father, among go a been has program Our welfare will that Christ of Jesus gospel the which thing, program by a wonderful happiness. eternal for them prepare and employed, be unemployed may

a way has been opened for men and I am grateful to you, my brethren women who cannot do much work but and sisters, for the privilege of being who can do something to be gainfully here with you today. As I look into

employed. How much better off we your faces and see this great audience

are when we are occupied with some in this, the Lord's house, I would like reasonable work. to say in the name of Jesus Christ,

Consider the condition in the world, that our Father in heaven will bless the number who are determined to take you for whatever sacrifice you may from the rich man not what belongs to have made to come here to worship.

themselves, but that which belongs to He will bless your families, and he will the others. God has permitted men to bring to you a richness of experience

it and light that you could obtain in no SALAD DRESSING! get wealth, and if they obtained

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA other way. That your sons and

daughters may grow up to honor our

Heavenly Father, I humbly pray.

The most precious of all the jewels that the Lord has bestowed upon any of us are our children, and we are responsible for them in their tender years. The Lord says that the parents

in Zion (or in any of the stakes which are organized) who fail to teach their children faith in God, repentance, baptism when eight years of age, the sin be upon the heads of the parents, not upon the schoolteachers, not upon the mayors and governors, but the sin be upon the heads of the parents. We

must not suffer the effects of that sin in our lives.

Let us gather our families together to homes, our returnwhen we and MORE HOMEMAKERS COOK thank of prayer influence theunder him for our blessings and face our ELECTRICALLY THAN BY ANY OTHER METHOD problems honestly and faithfully, withlove in bur hearts for all people, for IN THE TERRITORY WE SERVE the Lord says we must love our enemies as well as our friends. If we can UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.learnNowto thatdo that,peace weandwilljoy beandhappy.comfort and satisfaction may abide with all

of us who are here, with all the members of the Church wherever they may be in all the world, and with all our

Father's children, that they may learn to his comof obedienceas a result this GET DOUBLE VALUE in to be happy howmandments life and prepare for eternal happiness... from feed lot, cow barn and poultry

is my humble prayer. house manure. Add Simplot Red DiaThat is what the gospel is for, to mond* Superphosphate daily—11/2

prepare us not just for the comforts of pounds per animal, 1 pound per 100 mortality but for eternal happiness. fowls.

That we may live to be worthy of these Absorbs liquids, saves the nitrogen.

blessings, I pray, and I invoke upon Builds up a balanced fertilizer. Aids

disinfecting and deodorizing. Ask for of our blessing favor all the andyou

free pamphlet! this and henceFather dayHeavenly

forth in the name of Jesus Christ, our Trade Mark Reg. U.S. Pat. OH.

Lord. Amen.

OUR FATHERS WORK fet&UAek LomM>f$u {Continued from page 699) of our Heavenly Father are perfectly safe, but not those who trifle with his advice and counsel.

The Ten Commandments are just as necessary for us to observe today as they were by Israel when they were given to Moses in the wilderness. If

ofthe people this world were keeping YARN SAMPLES FOR EQUIPMENT honoringthe Commandments, Ten war.them, there be no would There KNITTERS!/ distresses sorrows and be nowould

such as afflict mankind, but because there are so many who cannot put Send 10c for handy themselves in a frame of mind to live big Yarn Shop righteous lives, they are in confusion Swatch Book. Full

and they are in distress. of actual samples of

I say, building, as This was dedi19 fine yarns people tocated the Lord Some have some as U] in as many it their in thatcriticized minds has 51 gorgeous colors! faiths, to other other tobeen open

churches, to people with other beliefs For socks, sweaters, dresses, baby things, A gym shirt or a complete outfit

... are everything knit—here You'll afghans, you A. Team all for M. I. your felt, for as they message, a hadwho qualities need. weights, types, you the yarn at... style, value quality, find if I in us. that sure gone you had am nylonand-wooL nylon and Including new

folofthe Nazareth of and Jesus days lowed him, as many people did, through KNIT FOR LESS! Thousands

the fields and through the country, you of satisfied customers use the

Book Swatch Shop of them, a Yarn found havewould many to *7ur*j7J'j&J'/rtt at low yarns order by mail believers of them,majority not were CORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE in his mission until they were touched "factoryto-you"prices.

(Continued on following page) The Yarn Shop, 558 B Alabama St., San Francisco 10, Calif.

NOVEMBER 1949 789 OUR FATHER'S WORK (Continued from preceding page) ing here, for the privilege of asby his spirit, and then they became sociating with such men and women as disciples. are present this morning. I am grateThey were welcome, and so I say ful for the privilege that came to me

all our Father's children are welcome of being reared in this part of the here, and we hope that when they world under a government that God come they will do so with a receptive himself said was prepared by men that mind, and with a prayer in their hearts he raised up for that very purpose. I

such as was offered this morning by refer to the Constitution of the United our brother from Canada. [President States.

Octave W. Ursenbach of Lethbridge I am grateful for my blessings—all Stake.] of them—and thank you, my brethren

We are living in a sick world, in a and sisters, who from day to day and time when, as we read in the scripfrom year to year as I have gone tures, the wisdom of the wise shall through life, have encouraged me to perish, and the understanding of their go on and represent, as I might, the prudent men shall be hid. That is the desires of our Heavenly Father in my

condition of the world today. The own life that I might receive many

leaders of the nations—many of them blessings.—desire to do the thing that will There is a law irrevocably decreed

benefit their nation or the group they in heaven from before the foundation belong to, but selfishness in many cases of this world upon which every blesscharacterizes their conduct, and the ing is predicated, and unless we obresult is that instead of peace we have serve that law, we cannot enjoy the sorrow and distress. blessing. The Lord has told us that.

There is only one way. We can If people disagree with us, if our

legislate until doomsday but that will Father's other children do not believe not make men righteous. It will be the gospel of Jesus Christ as revealed

necessary for people who are in the in this latter day to the Prophet Joseph dark to repent of their sins, correct Smith, that ought not to incur our distheir lives, and live in such a righteous pleasure. It ought to enlist our symway that they can enjoy the spirit of pathy, because if we know, as Philip

Save 2 Out our Heavenly Father. knew when he testified of the man who

Think of the beautiful prayer that came from Nazareth, we could invite

If see. friends our and to come we offered of Nazareth, by Jesus who of 3 Dollars was will let as that, as sure are just our we his life for a represented gave us, who

on Punch drinks great race of people who were despised light so shine that others, seeing our to will constrained be works, parties. good Ward into the races, other and came who y

oz. in 12 glorify heaven. our Father forONE blessing. bring to he a can world When

makes 7 GALLONS in the world, traveled I have much pray,"to us asked, what "Teach was contained Vitamin miles, million a advoapproximately gave. beautiful prayer he simple a lemDELICIOUS reof as the it, Christ gospel cating if Jesus repeat could they and Anybody Lime, Orange, Cherry, also onade,

I latter this in day. found vealed have in their hearts tune it with with repeat Grape. TODAY TRIAL CAN ORDER

—ONLY $1.25 or 6 cans $5.60 postthe Spirit of the Lord, they can feel good people everywhere, wonderful

paid in U.S. Send remittance to the influence that comes from it. people, kind and friendly, but until

It was not very long after that until they received an understanding of the

Specialties Sales Co. he was cruelly murdered, as have been truth and conformed their lives to the

Father, of our teachings Heavenly the from almost prophets of God Salt Lake City the 547 So. 8th W. all of taking not advantage all fact that they were beginning. remains The 5-7823 Phone opportunities, time their and this when that has Father time our Heavenly had

"ItleI wherever recipe calls for lemons"upon the earth men and women who came and they accepted the truth, they (Tested, approved U.S. Dept. of Agriculare righteous, who are seeking to do added to what they possessed before.

ture.) his will and keep his commandments. When we go into the world and

Many of you here today are either talk to our Father's other children, from foreign lands or the descendants we do not ask them to give up any of those who came from foreign lands. truth that they have. We do not ask

or forbears your of you Many surrender to what they have behave them OFFER... as gospel been taught it has heard the if it's true. lieved, AWECOMPLETE

Christ the of Latof Jesus Church by SERVICE ENGRAVING appresent time have the we At little Saints over during terday a Portraits to the Largest Missionary From missionaries five thousand a proximately

Catalogues. years. have you hundred Sometimes the nations of the traveling among Attention Prompt Orders Given Mail

it street there the heard where was on Father's to saying are our earth who

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. a humble missionary, teaching what other children, "Come and see. Keep

113 Regsit St. Salt Lake City, Utah the Lord had called him to teach. all the good that you have. Let us

that touched something There was to what with and add you sit down heard. I have hearts the of those who for possess your already own I you field. mission in the experiences had good, for and your happiness and own

have seen groups of people stand and without money and without price."

explain listen to missionary a humble FIFTYIN for YEARS OVER USE spirit of is gospel of the the That life to the talk of peothe and purpose of simple Canker, I in treatmentAids I assure Christ, you and am of Jesus repent to ple them encourage and

I that the have for other throat minor knowledgesore mouth grateful and I sins, their heard sometimes have and

It it truth. given is has the me that irritations. throatand felt "I say, before never people have

an influence like I feel while I hear comfort and satisfaction, and I praise of our is the his Author name who talk."that man

his permitted that to be being, this we are I take occasion to express my HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah appreciation for the opportunity of beguests in his house today.

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This morning there is peace and name was given to it by our Heavenly quiet all around us, and yet in many Father. I do not say that boastfully.

parts of the world there are distress I hope no one here this morning will and anguish, and threat of war—disfeel that I am arrogant because of my

turbances of all kinds. Many people membership in the Church of Jesus

have come out of the world for the Christ of Latterday Saints. I have

gospel's sake and come to the valleys no such feeling, but I have a feeling of of these mountains in response to the humility, of gratitude, of thanksgivingpromise, for the companionship of such men and or*a women as are here, and men and

But seek ye first the kingdom of God, women in the world whom I have travand his righteousness; and all these things eled with and associated with during

shall be added unto you. (Matt. 6:33.) these many years, many of whom

have not been able to understand the

I bear witness to you that that has been gospel of Jesus Christ. I hope for

realized by the faithful men and women their sakes and for the sake of those who have come into this part of the they love that they will eventually reworld for the gospel's sake. ceive that blessing, and it will have to

I pray that during this conference come, if it ever does, from the Author Want to know how good a we may rejoice together, that we of our being through the inspiration cream sauce can be? Then

his of Spirit. feel that influence the us it makesmay with make Milk, Morning

I is say, this Again our Father's it. possesshappy when when And we Hif mixed with parts equal J of is the This work. the of Church Lamb finmeetings conferencethe been have

water, or for richer a flavor, of I God. that a have who know Weished, various to our homes, and go we II responsibility that use in other people Morning no Milk undiluted, felt jj that that willI pray have we we

have, world will and be if we just as from it comes the can. fed the that the of life, beenhave bread 8

in righteous our lives, having our own live as our Father Heavenlywe may The texture, rich smooth flalives our in and homes order, the own desired tohas us devote our live, and vor of Milk Morning insure jj spirit of our will Heavenly Father betime as has to do, us expected he and the delicious most cream with us always. will rejoice People H II real as Christians, real asthen sons

and daughters of the Living God, let in our companionship, and when we go II sauce you ever tasted.

us reach out and try to touch those to the other side, we will r>fmd our who have not yet received the blessings names enrolled in the Lamb's Book of For Best Results

Life, that will entitle and usthat offer them and we have received, to an Every Time, Use 'eternal inheritance in the celestialan opportunity to enjoy apwhat we this earth and that will bepreciate. kingdom,

kingdom. I bear witness in MORNING MILKj of it you

This is the work of the Lord. This the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord.

is the Church of Jesus Christ, which Amen.

PALMYRA PAGEANT

(Concluded from page 734) looked down and pronounced a silent how they loved their mission president, benediction on the heads of all who and the same thing could be said of were assembled in the Sacred Grove all of the five thousand missionaries that day. Yes, it was as if those

who are in the field today. servants of the Lord had been able d5ankma lift to the corner up of the veil and not see I do the homes, the how a little into had glimpse eternities the families, the and loved ones of those to come.missionaries could help but partake of ewice

bless the all missionaries God Maythat spirit sweet same they so when humbly prayed for them. Many of over the earth. May our homes and

all of us the spirit partake of thatthem spoke to the so kindly, Lord they COMMERCIAL AND SAVare privileged to enjoy, and I know theiracknowledged shortcomings, and INGS ACCOUNTS. and you privileged they are know why to theprayed that help Lord he would

them overcome those weaknesses. I to enjoy that spirit. It is because they

am sure that the Lord was looking live so close to the Lord. TRUST DEPARTMENT—

down upon those missionaries with all I know that the Spirit of the Lord Acting as Administrator, of his tender mercy. was there in the grove that day. I Executor, Guardian, and

As the day closed and every misknow that sacred spot was the place Trustee.

sionary had borne his testimony, I to which the Prophet Joseph went as could not help but think of this poem, a boy and knelt down and prayed to ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT.

and I would like to read it as a tribute the Lord, and there the Father and to those missionaries and all missionSon appeared to him. I know that SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES.

aries.

All departments on groundWorkItWillis entitled.Get God's"WhoPay":Does God's thethosepageantthousandscouldwhonot sawhelp thebutstoryreceiveof

some influence and inspiration for havfloor.

Who does God's work will get God's pay; ing witnessed it, and I am confident

No human hand God's hand can stay. that they are hungering to hear more

He does not pay as others pay. about it. SAVINGS &

high But God's wisdom knows a way; the bless in CO. TRUST us Lord our work May UTAH is this sure,And let come what may; that live those as missionaries we may 235 Street South Main will does God's get work God's pay.Who preach. the bless that us Lord May Federal Reserve Member System

we may have the Spirit of the Lord Member Federal Deposit

At seven o'clock at night the sun with us to guide us in our every act Insurance Corporation went down—the shadows fell, and it every day, I pray, in the name of

seemed as if God in heaven had Jesus Christ. Amen.

NOVEMBER 1949 791 OWL

"Speak the Speech"

doesn't, say, he would St., neighbors "C,"San Diego, Calif. of her 24th 1104 Cor. 24th & wished one A friend of ours recently made the statement that she ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES he Calif. form, incorrect Marysville, St., of the it instead doesn't, don't 615 "F"she doesn't,

etc. It takes only a minimum of thought and a little effort 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

to correct an error of this kind. He, she, or it is singular.

Does is the singular form to go with he, she, or it. When we make the contraction, it does not alter the number—therefore,

it should be: he doesn't, she doesn't, it doesn't. And don't ever Why Jenks Gave Up Golf

it doesn't that make any difference whether we speak think after finally admitted, making many attempts has Jenks not. or correctly MCJ. him. that golf is not for at the game,

admits, sheepishly came one decision, he irrevocable The regret over staff expresses deep Era editorial he bunker, session brutal in a particularly after a when, the day THE article his from name E. Moore's of C. omission cheerily desilence uncomfortable the by relieve to sought

appeared which the of Mormon"Book and "Anachronisms issue. Elder Moore the October page 644 of on is given claringTo towhichhis caddy:the boy"Funnyreplied:game,"Tain'tgolf."meant to be."

credit for his article on the table of contents page. Elder

Moore recognized the value of this study but unfortunately No Cross Words passed away before he saw his article in print. When Thoreau, the naturalist, was close to death, he

pious aunt who asked: "Henry, have very visited by a was

with God?"peace your Los Angeles 27, California you made

Editors: Dear

your sincere gratitude with is to acknowledge recent quarreled.""I didn't know,"was Thoreau's reply, "that we had ever This

the Place,"entitled, "This is acceptance of my sonnet and the check... Padding The Budget

again Era The to made to have is pleasure It great me a bread at like end taste and one meat sausages "These I since particularly now years, of seventeen lapse after a the at guest home a dinner complained other,"at the crumbs forward looking will be in Utah friends of who a number have brothers. the of of one Marx print. in They sonnet the seeing to interest with much times In "It's expedient. an said Marx. Mr. "Correct,"the monuwith impressed was "breathlessly"all knew how meat."ends both can make these, like nobody able been to have to satisfaction meI it is great a ment, and

thrill in published partially to express the words. Complete Service yours, Sincerely

John Gallinari Whidding "I ordered a dozen oranges, but you sent me only ten."

"Part of our service, madam. Two were bad, so we

Bancroft, Idaho saved you the trouble of throwing them away."

Dear Editors:

May EraI saywhichwe incameour familyyesterday.are enjoyingThe coloredthe Septembercover is He (at the movies)Thoughtful: "Can you see all right?"

beautiful. I so liked the poem "Harvests"by Ora Pate Stewart, She: "Yes."

and was glad to see a new book coming out by Sholem Asch He: "Is there a draft on you?"

entitled Mary, and the book you reviewed on Writing for She: "No."

Love or Money is a 'must'on my list... He: "Seat comfortable?"

Sincerely She: "Yes."

Frances C. Yost He: "Mind changing places?"

LATTERDAY SAINT MISSIONARIES FLY TO FOREIGN FIELDS

Church the of missionaries of largest group The foreign to to fly ever Saints Latterday the of specially aboard a Zealand for left fields New chartered Pan American Clipper.

The group of twentynine missionaries led by

Harvey R. Mecham, of Morgan, Utah, boarded

their clipper in San Francisco for their 700mile flight. They are flying to the South Pacific to

relieve other missionaries who have completed their foreign assignments.

The first leg of the missionaries'journey, from

San Francisco to Honolulu will be completed on one of Pan America's new doubledecked clippers.

After overnighting in Hawaii, the group will board their chartered Clipper for the remainder of the journey. Fifteen of the group will connect

with another airline in New Zealand and continue] their journey to Australia for field work there.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hfi

s*

Safety Hope

Life can be compared with a mountain climb: a stimulating

mixture of easy going over wellmarked, leisurely trails, and steep, dangerous ascents over cliff and crevasse—where

all climbers band themselves together with connecting safety rope in case of misstep or avalanche along the way. For

safety's sake, you can link yourself with the strong by means of life's bestby-test safety rope

life insurance.

George Albert Smith, Pre*. Salt Lake City. Utah

Ascending Mr. Hood, Oregon, in beautiful Beneficialand