WE STOPPED at a Servel dealer's and learned that the gas refrigerator has no moving parts in the freezing system to wear or make a noise. A tinygas flame makes cold from heat,

at low cost. Isn't it amazing?

WE LOOKED at the beautiful new models and discovered a really big frozen food compartment... moist cold and dry

cold protection for fresh foods... a big meatkeeper... plasticcoated shelves... oh, dozens of

features... and such roominess!

WE LISTENED to the Servel in operation and couldn't hear a sound.

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY Better Quicker Cheaper EXPLORING MytafaiP

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

The total amount of material in dust In two seconds, at your and gas between the stars is now grocer's, you can have estimated to be equal to that of all the stars themselves. cookies that would take you

Two new synthetic fibers have been an hour to mix and bake.

developed by the U. S. Department of Agriculture laboratories at And you'll save money, too.

Louisiana. Orleans, One fiberNew For delicious TOWN It protein. from cottonseedis made

is about threequarters as strong as HOUSE Chocolate Drop wool when dry. It feels soft to the

hand and has good dyeing characterCookies cost you much istics. The other fiber is made from

chemically modified cellulose, sodium less than you could make carboxymethylcellulose. This material

is made from wood or cotton cellulose them for at home.*

salts metals, of certainand the inSo—why bake?cluding lead, copper, and aluminum.

It dissolves in soapy water or other weak alkali, which makes it useful in the weaving of special fabrics with "Cellophanewrapped car* other fibers by serving as a scaffolding. tons average 34 TOWN

HOUSE cookies apiece.

7\ new machine has been invented That makes the cost per which sets type quickly on film dozen very low indeed.

without using metal. The information

from the keys of what appears to be an electric typewriter is converted into a code, stored until the line is finished, then the letters are automatically spaced to give uniform line length. A decoder with a photoelectric cell projects the line onto film

at the rate of six letters a second. The

film can be used to make regular photoengravings for letterpress printing or plates for offset printing. With

some modifications the machine could produce 3,300,000 different characters.

pHE net efficiency of the human body in performing external work does not exceed about twenty percent. The

other eighty percent goes into heat.

The Diesel engine can be twice as efficient.

Observations of canaries and their sleeping habits by Dr. Gustav

Eckstein reveal that canaries commonly sleep with their backs to the direction where the morning light will enter.sleepers—someThere arefall lightoff theirand perchesheavy

every night and return to the same spot and back to sleep. Motion and sounds Id

made while asleep indicate that someWMlm times the canary brain, like ours, may be working when it should be resting. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

JUNE 1950 457 CAN WE MAINTAIN p J A C E?

By DR G. HOMER DURHAM

Head o/ Political Science Department,

University of Utah

'T'he loss of an American military countries, total some twelve divisions.

aircraft with ten men in the Baltic It is quite likely, if Russia now posSea, April 1950, underlines the uneasy sesses the atomic bomb, that twelve tension in world affairs. One feels divisions will not overfrighten ninety.

only sadness, heartache, and distress The balance in favor of the west, until for the lives lost and those bereaved, recently, has been the western moplus distress over the circumstances, nopoly of the bomb. The dispersion

if it is true, that the plane (reported of the monopoly, or the report thereof, unarmed) was shot down by Russian is. a factor in the current phase of postfire. war instability.

To calm minds, the distress and any Social scientists, carefully viewing agitation arising therefrom is not only the record and evaluating historical properly directed against the Russians experience, suggest that the developif they did destroy the plane, but also ment of world community, world institowards the general state of affairs tutions, minimum world law, and world that produced the incident. These aforder under minimum world law, are

fairs are too deepseated and complex essential imperatives of the day. The

to present with clarity. But one is common denominators of human betempted to inquire what developments havior and agreement, they tell us,

prompted the presence of one of our must be found, and if possible, volunmilitary craft in what has essentially tary agreement arrived at. But will

become, at least in the the rulers of the various eastern half, a Russian states—will the men in

lake? A Russian plane the Kremlin and the

in the Caribbean, Puget men of Washington

Sound, Gulf of Mexico, so agree, if the miniwould certainly raise mums could be ascerAmerican eyebrows, and tained and advanced?

warnings. Even if inIn the shuffle, the

nocently blown off United Nations is too course, the pilot of the much forgotten and

American craft invites our sympathy, overlooked. Its present status is unLet BOTANO c/e /uxe simplify as he was probably flying under orders powerful. But it represents minimum

your control of Earwigs and not to let any of the plane's electronic agreement based on nearly 60,000,000

Spruce Gall Aphids. Also equipment (reported in Newsweek) casualties in human lives, and trillions

efficient against Ants, Squash fall into Russian hands. If 'the Rusof dollars in war expenditures, destrucBugs, Thrips, Leafhoppers (White sians ordered the plane to land, as tion, and devastation. Required readFly) and many Fungus Diseases. reported in some accounts f nearly all ing for every literate human being on

aarbled), should the hapless pilot this planet this month should be the

I obey, or should he stick to his AmeriCharter of the United Nations. (Why

Kilt RED SPIDER can orders not to let any of the equipnot study it in your Church history on your EVERGREENS ment fall into Russian hands (asclub some night?) This does represent

with suming the plane traveled under such minimum agreement between the Soorders)? If so, why were such orders viets, the Americans, and all the rest

VAPOTONEXX Spray issued? What necessities prompted as of 1945. The defeated powers,

such hypothetical action? Japan and Germany, will, of course,

Write for FREE booklet on These are among the questions fall into line with that basic agreeISOTOX Garden Spray, many are asking and, in the same ment if those nations who brought the the sensational new breath, "Can we maintain peace?"charter into being will only adhere to

multipurpose garden s'pray Officials of ECA report that the it.

containing lindane! American policy in Europe is to asThe future of the United Nations

sembleimpossible—bysuch strengthdiscouragingas to makeRussia.war restsgeneration.with theWemencannotand womenbe savedoffromthis

Military opinion has it that Russia is the ravages of war in ignorance of the (DRTHQj of putting it represents. basic ninety agreement divisions capable into can We

the area theater If6 VS. PAT Off the only of expand western of agreement European as

CALIFORNIA SPRAYCHEMICAL CORP. this month; and that the resources of as we are informed as to the provisions

P.O. Box 428, Caldwell, Idaho the west, including the Marshall Plan of the charter and can demand expanORTHO, BOTANO, VAPOTONE, ISOTOX. TM'S REG. 'J.S. PAT. OFF.—Atlantic Pact—American alliance (Concluded on page 462)

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Concept of History A y.

understanding JjL&CCJU&T6 -* of the Gospel

These books help to build an.

Adequate Concept History: of

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH - Vol. 2 $2.00; Vol. 3, 4 $ 1.75

COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF THE CHURCH6V0I $25.00

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $ 2.75

by Joseph Fielding Smith PROGRESS OF MAN $ 2.25

by Joseph Fielding Smith

THE RESTORED CHURCH $ 2.75

by William E. Berrett

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE $ 3.

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

A VOICE IN THE WEST $ 5.00

by Wendell J. Ashton

THE OUTLINE OF HISTORY $ 2.95

by H. G. Wells

A STUDY OF HISTORY $ 5.00

by Arnold J. Toynbee

(D. C. Somerville—condensation)

CIVILIZATION ON TRIAL $ 3.00

by Arnold J. Toynbee

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

SALT LAKE CITY 10 f UTAH

JUNE 1950 459 Off*Haal \ Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Uke Lkurcn of

of oLatterdau Saints rv VOLUME 53 rV NUMBER 6 June 1950

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVAN5 THE COVER

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON In the year 1850 Elder Erastus Snow,

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. Apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of

"Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD - Art Director: NELSON WHITE Latterday Saints, was called to head a

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM group to open the Scandinavian MisFRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER sion, and under the guidance of the Lord,

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY the northlands of Denmark, Sweden,

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER and Norway were dedicated as fertile

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT fields of labor in the Lord's; vineyard:

That this humble beginning reaped a rich harvest is attested by the fact that nearly fortyfive percent of the presentday Church membership is of ScandiThe Editor's Page navian descent, in whole or in part.

Priceless Prospects George Albert Smith 469 M.I.A. CONFERENCE

M. I. A. June conference will convene

Church Features on Temple Sguare June 16, with sessions also held being 18. June 17, and A drama SPECIAL ARTICLES: CENTENNIAL

is festival for scheduled the of evening Reconciliations: LatterEvidences and Many CXLIV—How

15, the preceding sesconference June Saints 471 are day Descent?..John of Scandinavian A* Widtsoe sions.

TheyScandinavia—FruitfulEndured Gospel Field AlbertWilliamL Zobell,MulderJr. 474472 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES A Flame Was Kindled in the Northlands Nelson White 476 50 North Main Street

The French Mission 18501950 Winnifred Bowers 482 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Offices, 40 North Main St. A Century of Service—The Saga of the Deseret News Y.W.M.I.A.

Wendell J, Ashton 488 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The 1950 Mormon Battalion Trek...Milton R. Hunter 478 Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaNever Give Up (Genealogy) Emilie C* P* Jordan 480 tion of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Brigham Young Honored Marba C* Josephson 485 AssociationLatterday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

Lehi in the Desert—Part VI Hugh Nibley 486 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

S3. in year, subscriptions, 00 a advance; 25c for Conference the June M.I.A., 497 Column NoLiquor-Tobacco single copy. 17, 18, j. 19 June 461 Ada - s u-B.shopncx, dPage Salt Office, the Post City, Entered at Lake Utah, Presidin9D 464 Church The Moves On as secondclass for matter. Acceptance mailing said: Brigham Young On Recrea-...498 Genealogy: Never Give Up! Emirate of special in provided for postage section tion 529 at of 1103, authorized July October lie 1917, Act 2, C. P. Jordan 48C

Melchizedek Priesthood 496 April Missionaries 535 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Special Features Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn. by sufficient

Using Examples! Conclusion Louise Linton Salmon 484 Change of Address

Sugar for Science Goes to Reed Millard 492 Work

Fifteen Spoken from The Temple Square Word dress. Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adRichard L> Evans 500, 508, 512, 524, 532 address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

Address changes cannot unless be made the old the Exploring Universe, Franklin Burl Family Shepherd Today's address as well as one is included. the new

S. Harris, Birrell 457 Jr Decorating, Verla 504 Home

These Times, Can We Maintain Blueprint for Beauty 504

Peace?, G. Homer Durham 458 Let's Go Scandinavian! 507 National Advertising ReDresentaftvei

On the Bookrack 466 Your Page and Ours 536

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Editorial San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

An Anniversary Year John A* Widtsoe 470 EDWARD HENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

1324 V/ilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California ies, Poetry HARRY V. LYTLE

Inspiration—A short story Elizabeth S. Norris 481 332 ChicagoSouth Michigan4, IllinoisAve.

These Priceless Gifts, Bessie SpenPoetry Page 468 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Ave. 342 Madison cer 462 Brigham Young, Gene Romolo....494

17, N. Y. York Frontispiece, Strength of Hills, E. New "MormonPraedikan- Vivian

ter"467 Wood 529 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JUNE CONFERENCE for tke W.J. -J.

June 17, 18,19, 1950

Brigham Young sounded a direct challenge to the thousands of leaders of the Mutual Improvement Associations when he said at the time of the organization of the

Y.W.M.I.A.:

I want my daughters to learn to work... not to spend their time for nought; our

time is all the capital God has given us, and if we waste it we are bankrupt indeed/ CLASSIC

He likewise pointed out what he expected when he organized theY.M.M.I.A.: Shantung

We want our young men enrolled and organized throughout the Church.... We

want them to hold meetings where they into the will stand speak—get

testiof bearing habit of speaking—-andup and

mony. 1

The leaders of 1950 have not forgotten these admonitions of Brigham Young. They are answering

the challenge by coming to the fiftyfirst June Conference to be called by the general superintendence'of the Y.M.M.I.A. and the general

presidency of the Y.W.M.I.A., together with the general boards of afldM

the two organizations.

The program is well rounded to provide help and inspiration to those who lead youth. The camp institute will convene Wednesday, June

15, at the Wigwam, Mill Creek Canyon. On Thursday, June 16,

the recreation institute will be held in Jordan Park, with a drama festiThe perfect dress for val in the evening at Kingsbury

Hall to be given twice to accomround-theclock wear.

modate the leaders. Lovely Shantung

Friday's events will start off with drapes gracefully, looks a reception on Temple Square at and is so comfortable eight a.m. The general sessions will for warm weather.convene on Friday in the Tabernacle. The dance festival, in which Pastels and dark colors.

5,000 will participate, will afford the Misses Sizes 12 to 20.

grand finale of the day at the UniWomen's Halfsizes versity of Utah stadium.

. Saturday will be devoted to de14i/2 to 24l/2

partment sessions, many this year including special features for stake Send Mail Orders to Margot leaders. Saturday night's events Manners. Include 14c postage.

{Concluded on following page)

1Leon the Young History of Men's M. Strong, A Store

Mutual Improvement Association, 18751938, 12, Dresses—Downstairs pp.

13. STORE JUNE 1950 461

June Conference for the M. I. A.

(Concluded from preceding page) will be the music festival in which 1 800 young people will participate, and the speech festival which will feature the various speech activities in the Church. The music and

speech festivals will be held in the

Tabernacle.

Sunday will offer the grand conclusion of the conference with the

Tabernacle broadcast, the testimony meeting, the general session under the General Authorities, and the

Young People's conference in the evening. M. C. /.

These Times

( Concluded from page 458 5 ROOMS sion and usage of its provisions. What

a tremendous boost to world morale,

OF toPresidentthe causeTrumanof peace,werewouldto announceresult if that he was temporarily going to represent the U.S.A. on the Security

Council, even if for a single meeting! SOLID Or if Mr. Trygve Lie were to exploit fully the possibilities of Article

COMFORT 99:The SecretaryGeneral may bring to the

attention of the Security Council any mat'rer which in his opinion may threaten the

With many families and this charming home it's a maintenancecurity. of international peace and secase of "love at first sight."For seldom has there been

facts sober of life are that The we control only so much livability and comfort incorporated into a modcan and that use which erate sized floor plan. From the exterior the lines are we know. The United Nations will

gracious and inviting... and the interior offers a world be used only at the whim of those

immediately concerned with it unless of living for a growing family. world opinion becomes informed as to

its future potential and makes effective political demand for its usage.

It's just one of scores of architecturally correct and It is an instrument worth repairing and strengthening. What does the charter

soundly designed homes found in our Building Service provide? If you do not know, why

Department. We invite you to see them. Complete not secure a copy and find out? Meanblueprints and specifications are available at very modtime, prayers for peace and wisdom

must go hand in hand with knowledge.

erate cost. You'll find dozens of professional pointers, But we shall not be saved in ignorance

too, that will be of real help in selecting a home to meet in these times.

your needs.

THESE PRICELESS GIFTS

By Bessie Saunders Spencer

HPhese priceless gifts of life were mine *- To place upon my heart's own shrine

A springtime wrapped in golden light,

A nosegayJune in bridal white,

The moon in ribbons of the sea,

Sun tied around a redbud tree.

These packets that the years have sent

Had vivid shades as seasons went

That would have been of paler hue

Had I not shared them all with you.

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OFFERS TO SEND YOU OF THESE FINE BOOKSFREE ANY TWOWITH MEMBERSHIP

CHOOSE ANY TWO

OF THESE FINE BOOKS WITH MEMBERSHIP THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD By Fulton Oursler The first basically differ-

A reverent, faithful tellent word guide in years!

ing of the sublime story of Contains over 145,000 enJesus, bringing Him and tries, 1,420 pages; measlives were ures thos whose in size and 6 1/2 "x9 1/i"

His excitwith entwined is. beautifully printed on

ingly close to you. A book fine paper. A must for the

your family will cherish. permanent home library!

Publisher's edition, $2.95. Publisher's edition, $5.50.

WEST OF THE HILL AMERICA COOKS GENTIAN HILL

By Gladys Hasty Carroll By The Browns By Elizabeth Goudge

You'll be enchanted by Contains over 1600 reciThe famous and beloves this story finest hea pes the itwarming of Dolphin "Green—

of beautiful of the states "Pilgrim's 48 Street"young and—of fromeach author

girl escapeMainea tells and her oldfash- a magical mouthwatering now Inn"from poverty and loneliioned favorites to uptale of two orphans who ness of life relive into the kind to tothe-minute together taste sencame she thought iman beautiful was the most sations! Crystalclear one of

possible dream. A new directions make it imposlegends to be found in

kind of love story. Pubsible to go wrong. PubEnglish folklore. Publishlisher's edition, $3.00. lisher's edition, $2.49. er's edition, $3.50.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT ENORMOUS SAVINGS MAIL COUPON NOW! cs

YES,wonderfulyou arenewinvitedbooksto shownaccept onanythistwopageof theas fournecessaryeach yearto purchaseto retaina yourbookmembership.every month—onlyAll sewell-printed are complete, lectionsyour FREE and new, when GIFT FREE MEMBERSHIP BOOKS TWO MEMBERSHIP WITHBOOKS

will delivered join Club! the below, wellbound. be books Read, our Book youryou how And DEPT, ER CLUB, 6 FAMILY READING

read! operates; the Family to the by. then mail to Club door Reading your postman—ready MINEOLA. YORK NEW

the get to join and Club yourcoupon TWO I Please at books the two have once send Free Books me "Bonus"FREE BOOKSWdy/ Gift Books. as checked below Membership my distributes a Family Club "BonReading The

of Hi,he Wesf Greatest Story "The the Operates Club free selections for four D How each Club us"Book you

Ever Told take. sewill to the founded was Club high These meet Family books Reading Club The Cooks America College New fj for interest, the lect distribute writof excellence, superior familystandards whole books and Dictionary Standard

, interesting are subject worthwhile ing and matter—and can and whichbooks wholesome you Hill Gentian to By n Faith this objectionable library fine atentertaining a build in extra without being any no up way home of Family the a enroll as member Also meLive

of are to invited subpublishers expense.way. the books purchase Each from The Club month a month, me, send each and Club Reading

selection—forthcoming Club's the of will believe the they the review for publishers'Family books meet onlymit each—instead $1.89

reject or as accept which ofmay to retail standards. of Editors of regular BoardReading $2.50 Club Our $4.00—saves fees—onlyI choose. dues areI no membership There

selects dollars. ofthen your enthe book it can most you book recommend And 25% a of to 35%prices accept that orminimum the requirement

isthusiastically twelve figured in, the value to of the the are books selections Books These which Bonus members. duringI coming four when Club

Club current the with beginning months, asevery to actually as save family your can read—hooks much member of you 50%! plus and postage each, selection, SI.89 only at displeasure, andbe read remembered with to a entitled I will be handling. As a member Join Send No—Now Money

delight,cussed retained in your with and selections home four with Club free each Book Bonus If believe in will apclub a you book which accept.library pride. with

finest instincts of the to peal every of I member Mr.

What Membership Means to You your family, let us introduce you to the Family Mrs

There is no charge for membership in the Reading Club by sending you your choice of Miss (Please Print)

Family Reading Club beyond the cost of the any TWO of the books shown above as your Street and No books themselves. You pay only $1.89 each free Membership Gift Books. Just mail the cou-

(plus postage and handling) for the books you pon today. However, as this unusual offer may City....Zone...State..

afterpurchase the reading review which be withdrawn book Age, if will It each to your is not the month. come home 21 coupon NOW!at any time, we urge you to mail Occupation Under

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK Same price in Canada: 105 Bond St.. Toronto 2

JUNE 1950 463 MMramYtM THE CHURCH MOVES ON

later to its 1, and D. moved G, June\Jke

in place Hall. permanent Statuary Aoril 1950

7 Two thousand priesthood leaders 1 A After several months of barvVeaal in the metassemblyin a privateroom ofmorningthe SaltsessionLake ceptedgaining,the bidthe ofstatethe ofChurchUtah acof % Temple. $72,500 for the old Salt Lake Armory

Religious problems of nearly five lot. The state board had previously

thousand college students enrolled in received several offers for this properthe Church institutes of religion in five ty, but all offers except that by the of the appraisal below were states were discussed in the Church is an event of such western

It board. real estate the Salt Lake annual conference of institute leaders

dignity and solemnity held in the department of education is expected that the Church will exoffices. The theme of discussion was change this property for some in the

that there rnust be no "Building a More Vital Faith in Our block north of the tabernacle.

College Students."

errors or incongruities. At the semiannual meeting called 1 Earl W. Allen sustained as

Every detail must be corby the Presiding Bishopric, announcepresident of the Hyrum (Utah) ment was made that effective July 1, Stake, with Byron Snow and Grover rect to be consistent with the responsibility of the L.D.S. girls'Haslam as counselors. Retiring presiprogram will be transferred from the dent was Edwin Clawson and his

the dignity of such an ocPresiding Bishopric to the Young counselors, Preston Brenchley and

Women's Mutual Improvement AsKenneth Lyons.

casion. sociation. Elwood J. Corry sustained as presiMany of the returned missionary dent of the Cedar (Utah) Stake, sucand servicemen groups held their ceeding David LeRoy Sargent. Counsemi-annual reunions. selors are Kumen S. Gardner and

Sc>0 must the WEDDING Q General sessions of the general PaulcapacityK. Edmundswith Presidentwho servedSargent.in that

STATIONERY be fine to a generalconferencepriesthoodcontinued,session. including 1 7 Roscoe Eardley of the Church

bespeak the dignity and Other mission and servicemen welfare committee and chairman groups held semiannual reunions. of the storehouse and foodprocessing

rightness of the occasion. The schoonerrigged yacht for the committee of that organization, died.

Tahitian Mission arrived at Papeete, A system of financing similar to

The vogue and goodafter a good voyage from the Calithat of new chapel construction will fornia mainland. be building used in the field house taste of the time is reEarly construction of a new sixfor Brigham University, in Young that

its friends, and alumni raise flected in the selection of L.storyD. nurses'S. Hospitalhomein adjacentSalt Laketo City,the thewill University,be asked to half one of the

wedding stationery we announced. money for the $900,000 building. The

Church will provide the other half, bepresent. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., ginning with an advance of $100,600.

9 was the speaker on Columbia's This will be used to get construction "Church of the Air."underway as soon as possible, in the

This was the first radio program of hopes of having the building near comthe Salt Lake Tabernacle choir and pletion for the 195051 basketball seaorgan to be televised. Televising of son.

the regular network hour was limited to KSLTV. Torlief S. Knaphus has been

Final general sessions of the general 19 commissioned to complete a new conference were held. monument on Temple Square in heric

Semiannual general conference of size depicting the twentyone-yearld the Deseret Sunday School Union held Prophet Joseph Smith receiving the

ESS withhelps "Theto developSunday trueSchoolLatterdayprogram Thegold monumentplates fromis expectedthe Angelto Moroni.be comSaints"as the theme. A tribute was pleted by April 1, 1951.

40 Richards Street also given to President George Albert Lionel C. Going, native of New

Smith and accepted by his daughter, Zealand and president of the San

Salt Lake City Edith Smith Elliott. Dieguito Branch, California Mission,

appointed by the First Presidency to | A The statue of Brigham Young supervise construction of new buildwill be unveiled in the rotunda ings for the Church's Liahona College of the Capitol Building, Washington, on the island of Tongatabu, Tonga.

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Fire damaged the chapel o Moroni West Ward, Moroni (Utah) Stake, to the extent of $80,- LOWCOST 000. CASE TRACTOR Two new sports events were added

activity of to the summer for M Men MAKES FARMING golf tournament nine: adivision August 1723, and a baseball round robin FAR EASIERtournament also in August. A volleyball meet will be conducted May 1013,

the tennis meet August 1926, and the softball tournament will be played

August 16, 17, 18, and 19. Implements Mount

Q Hillside Ward, Hillside {Salt

Lake City) Stake, created from portions of Beacon and Laurelcrestwards, with Spencer L. Felsted, bishop. in a MINUTE

Marden D. Pearson, former second

counselor, sustained as president ofthe Sevier (Utah) Stake, with his FROM counselors Arnold L. Peterson and TRACTOR

Junius F. Powell. Released were President Irvin L. Warnock and Alten SEAT

Christensen, his first counselor.

Daniel S. Frost, former first counselor, sustained as president of the Kanab SimplestUp you ever3pointsaw.HookJust

(Utah) Stake, with Thomas L. Esplin, pull cord to open latches

former second counselor, and Odell—touch hydraulic control

counselors. as Watson Released toslipengagein one Eaglepin—andHitchgo!

Israel H. Chamberlain. PresidentwasJ.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

of the Twelve dedicated the combination San Diego Stake house and North

Park Ward chapel at San Diego,

California.

9 A The concluding sessions of a twoday meet in the Oahu IMPROVED MODEL (Hawaii) Stake closed the convention season for the 194950 M.I.A. year.

General Superintendent Elbert R.

President BerthaCurtis General and NEW Eagle Hitch in attendance. wereS. Reeder

Thomas W. Muir, formerly second

counselor in the Emigration ( Salt LakeCity) Stake, succeeded George A. NEW LatchOn Implements

Christensen, recently appointed president of the Australian Mission. Counselors are Rulon W. Clark, who NEW Hydraulic Control

served in the same capacity under

President Christensen, and Rex W. Now the Case Model "VAC"..

Williams. already the "most tractor for the PASTE ON PENNY POST CARD

money in the lowcost class"... gives Mark machine* that interest you;

B. Christensen, formerly others in Wendell yovj margin need; a great value new can't you get to Co., in MailWrite Dept. J, I, Casefirst in counselor the Palo Alto (Caliany other tractor at price. Its any Racine, Wis. F-44,

fornia) Stake, succeeded Henry C. new Eagle Hitch gives you a 3-point

Jorgensen, recently appointed to the hookup to a plow or other reargeneral committee of the Church welmounted implement in one minute D 2-Plow "VAC"tractor

Larger 2-Plow don't you "SC"even off O to get need—andfare program. Counselors to Presithe tractor seat. 3-Plow tractor "DC"Ddent Christensen are Sidney V.

4-5 tractor Plow "LA"DBadger, their formerly LatchOn counselor, hold second plows New and Richard B. Sonne. depth regardless of hard spots and D Tractor Plows

Drills Grain at even depth ground—work

Precision Imperial Ward transferred from acrossuneven old D rows, over deadfurrows

Highland (Salt Lake City) Stake to and terrace ridges! Brandnew hyPlanters

East Mill Creek Stake in a move to draulic control with enginedriven NAME straighten stake boundary lines. pump is independent of clutch and

POSTOFFICE fast standing. or gears—works Williams Ward, (Idaho) Bannock See your Case dealer—learnmovingStake, how RED STATE chapel dedicated by Bishop little it costs to "VAC."own a

Thorpe B. Isaacson.

JUNE 1950 465 >4 TIHI E &*Az\sCt4z\& |S VOICE IN THE WEST Juvenile delinquency is not far away, (The Biography of a Pioneer Newsnor is it only in the large cities. It

paper. Wendell J. Ashton. Duell, threatens at our very doors, everySloan and Pearce, New York. 424 where. This book could profitably be

pages. Illustrated. 1950. $5.00.) read by all who are charged with

/. A. W. TThis is the centennial story of The supervision of youth.—

June Deseret News, founded June 15, HOW TO PRAY AND STAY 1850.

Salad Of course every student of American AWAKE(Max B. Skousen. Ensign Publishing

Delight history and every Latterday Saint Co., Los Angeles. 1949, second edishould possess this book. The author tion. 152 pages.)

calls it the biography of a pioneer! Tnder this unusual title, the place

newspaper, The Deseret News. It is and effects of prayer in human

that, but much more. It is also a livlives are presented. It is a thoughtful,

ing picture of the growth of an empire faithpromoting volume expounding in the desert. Clinging to the trail the fundamentally important practice

Yatur family and guests will love of Deseret News history, as a multiof prayer. In eighteen brief chapters,

the idea of serving Clover Club tude of camp followers, are personal, prayer is discussed in its relationship

Potato Chips with salads. They not historical, heartstirring, and thrilling to God, the Holy Ghost, thanksgiving,

only taste good, add a festive touch events, few available in any other humility, faith, desire, fasting, and the to your salads, but provide the salt book. The author has "stayed with family. Other chapters are devoted

your body needs on hot June days. history,"but romance overflows everyto: what to pray for, the necessity of

where. It could not well be otherwise ceaseless praying, prayer and the Sabin the story of a newspaper cradled in bath. It is a stimulating volume writthe desert, which set forth, week by ten in faith, and with the desire to be

week and day by day, the simple drama in full conformitv with the teachings of the struggle an<4 strength and conof the Church.—/. A. W.

quest of a people building for human good. It makes good reading. THE HUMAN VENTURE IN SEX,

In twelve chapters, welldocu- LOVE, AND MARRIAGE

Cooling mented and wellwritten, the story of (Peter A. Bertocci. Association Press,

The Deseret News is told from its New York. 143 pages. 1949.)

Tasty first home in a little adobe cabin with This HaddamHouse book answers

Spreads a hand press and a scarcity -of type in no uncertain terms the wideand ink, to the modern, fullyequipped spread fallacy that chastity among men plant and magnificent organization of and women is not necessary. The

today. More than half a hundred ilauthor shows convincingly that love

lustrations add interest to the volume. under selfcontrol leads to a philosophy

Clover Club Potato Chips are big All in all, it is a worthy biography of increasing joy in life. Chastity (sign of U.S. No. 1 potatoes!)—of a worthy newspaper which throughreaches into the depths of human exthat's why it's fun to spread peaout the century has sought not only istence and brings out the vast possinut butter, honey, cream cheese or to interest and entertain its readers, but bilities of making the most of love.

your favorite meat spreads on them. also to reflect faithfully, from period There is no substitute for the clean,

Simply delicious! to period, the conditions under which natural life. This is said by a new

A. W. its readers live. voice, needed in this day.—/.

Congratulations to all concerned!

Freshness Doubly Protected! May the next century be as great THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE

as the past in human service for The (Publisher, The Grolier Society, Inc.,

This month the popular PartyDeseret News.—J. A. W. New York. 20 volumes. $119.50.)

Picnic size package of Clover Club Tn school libraries, in public libraries,

Potato Chips is double waxJAILBAIT and in homes where the love of wrapped—keeps light out, keeps (William Bernard. Greenberg Publearning is held high, The Book of

those delicious chips fresh even lisher, New York. 1949. 216 pages. Knowledge has long been in evidence.

longer! You can help keep them $2.50.) The latest edition of this, "The

fresh by keeping them out of direct HThe story of juvenile delinquency in Children's Encyclopedia,"is a colorsunlight, folding the top of the America is ugly. Since it is one ful, purposefully organized compilapackage after each use. And you're of America's gravest problems, it must tion.

sure they're fresh, delicious when be faced and solved. That justifies For more than a generation this

you buy... this volume. The shocking facts about work has ranked among the foremost

delinquency will be a revelation to of reference works for young people.

most readers. To parents it will cause It is truly remarkable how much of all

a new determination to protect their that is of interest in life and literature children from the conscienceless elehas been presented in these pages in ments ever seeking to lead youth into a way that is easily accessible and Clover Club trouble. The author happily sets up readily readable.

POTATO CHIPS his plans for reform. {Continued on page 519)

466 THE IMPROVEMEN! ERA

"MORMON"MISSIONARIES IN A DANISH PEASANT HOME IN THE 1850's. From an oil

painting in the State Museum of Art, Copenhagen.

J

tli p<ainuvi 3awiovis #

Evidence that the preaching of the restored gospel in Scandinavia left a deep and lasting mark, upon the minds of many people is the painting above. It depicts with loving and sympathetic

realism the impressions gained by an itinerant young Danish artist, Christen Dalsgaard, during his painting and sketching trips through the Danish countryside of a hundred years ago.

Significant in detail and of a rare, poignant beauty, this painting—above all others in the artist's lifelong career—gained for him everlasting

fame when it was acquired by the Danish government for its permanent collection in rrStatens

Museum for Kunst,"the State Art Museum, in

Copenhagen, Denmark.

O

JUNE 1950 467 A CENTURY LILAC BUSH THESE ARE THE FIELDS BABY LEFT WITH HIS FATHER

By Frances C. Yost By Edythe Hope By Elaine V. Emans

Harriet years ago,(Note: hundred One as would come a conquering T Tf who

lilac set out a bush whichPage Young * fields that wait, the are is HPhese after hero still the blooming Bee on Hive House flood of life. with * Resurgent new lift at his day and work young son Agrounds.) flagrant This the throbbing is the of hour high,

/\ne hundred years ago this lilac's roots cycle, To be rewarded by a squeal of laughter - Were planted where once sovereign Waiting... waiting... but no plowshare When Mother was at home, now hears

sage stood. comes. him cry

Amid the graying green of sagebrush No cleaving the proud soil, closejoined in With a feeling that's akin to helplessness.

shoots death, He tries the standard tricks to stem the

A lady toiled with hoe to clear wild wood. These are the fields that have been sown flood;

With supple palms she worked the pliant in hate He makes a funny face with no success loam And shall be reaped in mold and corruption. And marvels that his very flesh and blood

Such pulsing roots would help the earth Here plunge the roots of the blossoming Is blessed with such magnificent lungto sing weed, power.

And glorify the pioneer's new home. Dark and tentacled... unnourished by His ego sags, and he is dismayed to learn

Blooms will bedazzle; fragrance scent the fragrant manna, ( He has at least another dragging hour

spring. But fed on crumbling bone and stench of Before the little lady will return,

see, blood, his without personal admitting, And featherywhite or purplemauve,Huge forgotten. short not of he expert babysitting. Deep and comes How lace;

bright the of no brushes Here wing sun plumes, tossing scented, these galaxy,Such sod; panting they foliage glossygreen handsomeWith defies clear rain of April the bleak No grace.... LIKE CHILD A FATHER TO drouth,

fill air sweet with the floretsThese fields spring, that the are perThese remember Georgia Eberling By Moore fumes.

...... bright the blade The furrowhook bush, this regal high its presence, inWhen

.. the circling the heart see can how hawk hush. reverent solemn aI sense and

old, wait, must. and And suddenly sight clearer now With Otrange

alone. Than can the eyes.

NO RETURN Today I saw you In the spring sunlight By Berta H. Christensen That gilded paths

you to and fro went HIS HOME FIRES Where one more story,"but I promptly HE WHO KEEPS"Tust LIT small. was W'hen I

) said, bed. to hustled him tired, son,"and"I'm again came You Connelly By Margaret between years seem acacia bloom asBrief familiar Walking ways

of this robbed one hour and poignantThat tall. Erect and

TUTis neighbors said, "This man, he is a heart evoked your image My A until the I dawn, * failure read would gladlyHowlight. true Plain and

Could he but call tonight! Because his farm is weedy and unkempt!"And, like the child I used to be,

They had not reckoned with his gracious My heart ran to meet you.

kindness UNITY And courtesy to folks. Farms are exempt

When dealing out a life of love and kind

By Evelyn Wooster Viner words. PRAIRIE FARMER

child His step but to ran heard his and nations I the saw thought Inez By Clark him Thorson I array, in vast Parade a the daisy roadfrom newfound show To

I beneath far felt does T Je see me not them the ocean's turbulenceAnd side

I pray. to knelt its downAs watch tightclenched *- A Nor fist beat time, limb! shining a redbudbroken One

all creeds and colors at were theThere sand;

From every farflung land, His wife? I think if you could only see her But he can look on prairie grass that

But I saw us fused together Fond smile when, back from work, he sweeps

As one in the Master's hand. reached the door Like soft, green billows far across the land.

"fix as hair"if a sweether her saw And feel does not violence the ocean's He heart its ruthless will; pressure of Nor mighty DAUGHTER FATHER'S I A calling, then forevermore know, Were

feel he But softfingered can rain against again, a "This not say man's would You face hill. His as he stands a on summer Humphreys Elizabeth Reeves By failure,"

lit fires his keeps home For he who thunderdrums, rolling the loved does he see Nor ships a harbor nor gray life of a failure—gaily Is prince be cannot andHE sky; home, yellowsulphur wavebuffeted Turn piledup, tempestand A I it. is of sure king. love Oh, For am torn; to watch outdoors unafraid Stood

The fury of a storm go by... But he can watch the gulls like silver

He'd call to me, clouds "Come out and see."Above wide fields where he has planted

corn!

He liked to stand with feet apart

To balance on a heaving ship, the fought waves as she Laughing storm's mad RURAL GRAMMAR a free from shook And grip... By Thelma Ireland

Then call to me, "Come watch the sea."If like a cozy, rural place

* That's not metropolis, He bent the twig... I love wild weather Where trees enclose the country road

Today as when we watched together. In their parentheses.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRICELE D

vDia president Ljeorae /wlMft JDmith mgp

o\J NE of the sorrows in life not only the Old Testament scriptures and

Is to see a man or woman laid away in the New Testament scriptures, but also the

Mother Earth with a realization that he has Book of Mormon, which gives additional refused the greater blessings that our Father testimony to the teachings of the divine offered to him, and has continued grasping at mission of our Lord, and that he has revealed the bubble that has itself disappeared. When to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith the

I think of the millions of God's children in doctrines that are necessary for us to observe the world who little realize the things that in order that we may have the companionship are really worth while, I feel exceedingly of our wives and our children, our fathers sorrowful. and our mothers, throughout the ages of

If I were to think, as so many think, that eternity.

now that my beloved wife and my beloved We are not in doubt as to the outcome.

parents are gone, that they have passed out The Lord has not only said unto us, "In my of my life forever and that I shall never see Father's house are many mansions,... I go

them again, it would deprive me of one of to prepare a place for you,"but in the day the greatest joys that I have in life: the conand age in which we live the Lord has retemplation of meeting them again, and receivpeated in plainness certain requirements

ing their welcome and their affection, and which must be complied with if we would of thanking them from the depths of a grateenjoy his most priceless promises.

ful heart for aH they have done for me.

are all of us passing rapidly to that But there are many, many millions of our We

If hence. called wil time be when we we children Father's that do not know by who

future there that is a did not understand of certain partaking prescribed ordinances by is if life, that realize there did not somewe Father, our Heavenly husbands wives and the experience than have remore we may be united for time and eternity and enthing far, if there anything thus ceived were not joy the companionship of their children forfor to of life us vanity vexation the and ever. How thankful we should be for that but

for, to live me, there are it seems many, who knowledge.

I am thankful that there has been revealed would grow weary in the struggle that must to us and made plain in this latter day that be made for existence here. But in mercy

our Heavenly Father has bestowed upon us this life is not the end, that this is but a part of the plan of eternity, and that if we take the most wonderful gifts that can come to humankind. advantage of our privileges here, that this

is but the steppingstone to greater and more Think of the tenderness of our fathers and desirable conditions. mothers; think of the homes of prayer where-

I am thankful to know that all that is good in we have been taught; think of the teachings

and pure and holy, all that is sweet, and all that have come to us of honesty, industry, that is worth while in life may be enjoyed integrity, sobriety, purity, and cleanness of within the folds of the Church, and that life; think of the renewal of all these cherthere has not been withheld from us one ished associations with the loving companionsingle blessing that mankind may enjoy. I ship of wives and husbands and parents.

m thankful that the Lord has given to us (Concluded on following page)\

::&r>l&**jOr>m <cV<<v<t<<--ct<!:

JUNE 1950 '469 f-< -t-x-x*-- THE EDITOR'S PAGE lJ<sC<<-&V?-X*-*&t.lj0*X-,tjAj<

(Concluded from preceding page) and while doing it, find peace of This is our Father's work, this

These, my brethren and sisters, mind, contentment, and happiness. is the gospel of Jesus Christ, it is

are some of the choice blessings The gospel of Jesus Christ is the power of God unto salvation to it,that the Lord has promised those not a difficult road to follow; it is all those who believe and obey

and I pray that we who are in thewho live for them—and all that he the pathway of peace in mortality

has asked of us in return for the and gives assurance of the blessings earth in this our day may be refulness of the earth, all that he has of the Lord when life's labor on newed in determination to be loyal and faithful to those things thatasked of us in return for the blessearth is completed.

live will righteous, are and that we all gives enings of this life, all that he has Let us not be blinded by the cunto honor we him who asked us to do in order that we may ning of the adversary into exchangjoy and who offers us the blessings enjoy eternal life in his celestial ing any of these wonderful gifts of eternal life, eternal progress, kingdom, is to follow the simple for the foolishness that attracts eternal increase in his celestial kingteachings of our Lord that he has mankind, for the pitfalls that have dom. May the Lord help us to

given to the children of men, that been prepared by the enemy of all merit his blessings, is my prayer, all men may follow if they will. righteousness. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

tTOM

forms one of the most glorious chapters in the history of the Church. vn J4nniver$am ijiear

Then a newspaper was needed, one to hold the people together at of of restoration the gospel Jesus 1 1,000 abroad. the people and help home

that infant of schoolTheLatterdayyear 1850 Saintsfound aboutin the Salt Christ. The was launched, News The Deseret

Lake and surrounding valleys. day has helped shape the labors of the first newspaper in the valleys

This was a small army to accomthe people. Now, a hundred years of the mountains. The first number

plish a huge task. The desert later, still clinging to the act of its was issued on June 15, 1850.

around them was yet to be concreation, the University of Utah Throughout the years, the News quered. Nevertheless, they dreamed looks happily, courageously into its has been spokesman to us at home

greatly of world conquest. They more mature future. and to those beyond concerning

had truth, before which all things At the October 1849 conference the hand of the Lord over his chilmust in the end bow in submission. of the Church, the great leader dren on earth.

It was their obligation to teach Brigham Young moved toward the Thus we celebrate this year that truth to the whole world, for realization of the world vision of 1950, the century anniversaries of "There is no eye that shall not see, service. Up to that time, all misthese great movements and instituneither ear that shall not hear,"sionary endeavors had been contions: the founding of the Uniuntil every knee shall bow before fined, save in one instance—the versity of Utah; the beginning ofthe Lord. Tahitian—to Englishspeaking peomissionary work among nonEng-

Through the dust of every upples. Now the world was to hear lishspeaking countries; and the

rooted sagebrush, they saw the the glad message in many tongues. beginning of The Deseret News, a

coming day when the kingdom of Erastus Snow was called to head 'voice in the west"to all the

God would cover the earth. Every a group for Scandinavia; John Tayworld.

plowed and seeded acre would help lor with his group was assigned to bring about the eternal purposes of France; Lorenzo Snow to Italy and Pride wells within us as we look

have a noblethe Lord. The pioneers were not Switzerland; with George Q. Canto the past years. We

are grateful for theafraid. Courage and certainty of non to Hawaii; and others to counancestry. We

ultimate victory drove them into the tries to the Far East or West. past, and we know that a great fumaking of great plans. Those who were called moved to ture awaits us.

In February 1850, the institution their respective fields without deMay the Lord bless and prosper now known as the University of lay. By the middle of 1850 they these great institutions which faithUtah was authorized. They were were in full activity; their labors fully have served throughout the

not to be an ignorant people. Filled bore a rich harvest. Fiom these years.

with all learning, enlivened by the countries have come men and The Era stands with uncovered

Spirit of God, they were to carry women, touched in their hearts by head before their valiant, intelligent,

A. W.to all people the message of the eternal truth. The whole story successful toil.—/.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVIDENCES RECONCILIATIONS CXLIV

One14,hundred1850, yearsApostleago, onErastusJune HOW MANY theScandinavianveins of thousandsblood flowedof Latterdaythrough

Snow with Elders John E. Saints born on the American side

Atlantic. the of Forsgren and George P. Dykes LATTERDAY

survey in was recently made2 tolanded Copenhagen, Denmark, A tell to of the people the Scandithat the countriesnavian had SAINTS whohonorhavein thislaboredJubileeforyearthethegospel'smany Lord again spoken from the heavens, and sake in Scandinavia, to determine that the Church of Christ, treed ARE OF the number of Latterday Saints in from the ageold accumulations of the stakes of Zion of Scandinavian descent, full or partial. While inerror, had again been restored. 1 SCANDINAVIAN

They had no friends nor acquaintcomplete, it indicates closely the inances city. the centuriesold

der the UnDESCENT? andfruits theof thehundredslabors ofofErastusmissionariesSnow direction they of the Lord,

began their work. Trusting in diwho have labored at various times

vine help they knelt in prayer and in the Scandinavian lands.

laid their plans before the Lord. In The available records show that Six hundred and eightyone

a surprising manner, seemingly from 1850 to 1950, 5875 elders wards and branches reported.

miraculous, the way was opened from "Zion"have labored as misForty-five percent of their memberfor them. Converts were made; sionaries in Scandinavia, 2308 in ship was found to be, in part at

baptisms performed; branches orDenmark, 2 109 in Sweden, and 1458 least, of Scandinavian origin. Since

ganized. A rich harvest followed in Norway. Seventythree sisters few units reported from known

the labors of the first missionaries from Utah have also labored as Scandinavian centers, the percent and of the many who followed missionaries during this period would undoubtedly have been them. twentyfour in Denmark, twenty in higher if more units had reported.

The simple ordinances of the Sweden, and twentynine in NorAs it stands, the fortyfive percent gospel blessed the small groups of way. These missionaries baptized shows how the blood has spread

converts. Persecution, with im27,492 souls in Denmark, 19,718 in throughout the Church.

prisonment and forms of physical Sweden, and 9,284 in Norway, or In the attempt to determine where violence; often followed the early a total of 56,494 in the three counthe blood of northern Europe is

members of the Church in Scanditries. most predominant, the reports were

navia as elsewhere. In the face One or more companies of emisegregated for six Utah counties,

of such opposition the Saints grant converts from these countries with results as follows:

to nearly the journey Utah made theirsang joy in the newfound Percent 1926. to every year from 1851 Theytruth. persecution seemed To them 78.0 Sanpete and Sevier Counties

a small price for that which they brought there 13,910 Danes, 8,503 Box Elder County 64.8

had received! Swedes, and 3,437 Norwegians, or Cache County 52.9

Soon the desire to join the body a total of 25,850 men, women, and Utah County 50.0

of the Saints in the valleys of the children. Salt Lake County 45.0

Rocky Mountains of America When they arrived, their work Weber County 36.7

drove many of the converts across was not easy. They had to learn For 681 Units 44.8

the water, over the plains and a new language and adapt themdeserts into the valleys of the Great selves to new conditions. This they Similar results would undoubtedBasin of North America, to which did unhesitatingly. They were not ly be found among any of the peothe people had been led by Brigafraid of toil. Whatever came into ples who have accepted the gospel

ham Young and their other leaders. their hands they used frugally. and joined the Saints in the stakes

On the journey they suffered the They were bound to win. Soon, and wards of Zion.

hardships of travel by ox team, despite their somewhat foreign acThe Church becomes a huge handcart, or on foot. Some laid cent, they became valiant and usemelting pot of seekers after truth.

down their lives by the wagon ful cooperators in building the At last the kingdom of God will trail; others reached the valley sick kingdom of God in the West. be as one people in spiritual and

and emaciated, though most of them Their children married the youth in physical inheritance.

came to their destination ready to of the land, without reference to That gives courage and zest In help at once in the taming of the racial origins. They were strong of our toil for the spread of the gospel

surrounding, forbidding desert. body, wholesome in looks, and of Jesus Christ.

many were beautiful. The amalga2This survey was made by John F. Oleson under xElder Peter O Hansen had preceded ErastusSnow's party by a month (May 11) and had mation became more and more comthe direction of the Presiding Bishopric in coquietly

and others. begun missionary work among his relatives plete. In the course of time, operationstatistics ofwiththe. theCouncilcommitteeof the onTwelve.information and

JUNE 1950 471 This frame of mind makes of ties have been obliged to acknowlScandinavian mission history, as edge the fruits of a good doctrine."1 *

the converts themselves saw it, a In their strength and energy and series of remarkable episodes in aspiration they gave the lie to those which heaven seemed to sustain who called "Utah's accessions from their most humble efforts. It is a Europe... simple, ignorant people,

record of triumphant spiritual manibeyond any class known in Amerifestations—the sick made whole, can society, and so easy victims to

enemies routed, prophetic dreams the shrewd and sharp and fanatical and visions enjoyed, tongues spoken Yankee leaders in the Mormon

In towns and villages the Scandinavian Saints strove hard to fulfil their part of the covenant the Lord had made with them to bring them to

...Zion

Ow vUitiiam rvivaaer'WJde ENGLISH DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

One of a Family, Two of a City,

They Believed in the Promise:

"And None Shall Stay Them"

TheMissionhistoryis ofthreadedthe Scandinavianwith bright incidents ranging from the miraculous to the warmly human, from the healing of the sick and the confounding of mobs to the slow hoarding of pennies to hasten the day of the Saints'deliverance from Babylon. Running through the pages

of the mission periodical, Skandinaviens Stjerne, and the early jourIf the Saints were shut out as missionaries, they found work at this or that and nals and letters of converts and passed the contagion of their message to fellow workmen.

missionaries is a strong sense of the Lord's intervention on their be- 2 half as they strove to fulfil their and interpreted, the signs which church,""ignorant classes, who are part of the covenant the Lord had follow believers multiplied—a penteeasily influenced by the double apmade with them to bring them to costal outpouring of gifts so widely peal to 3their passions and their

Zion, far from the incessant wars of experienced and reported that it poverty."Ole Rolvaag, the novkings, from Europe's poverty withseemed a special dispensation for elist, nearer the truth, called immiout hope of relief, and from futures Scandinavia. But their history is grants from the same class "giants

barren for growing children. If also a record of very human works, in the earth.""Poverty"and

history was an unfolding of God's a picture of the Saints performing "ignorance"were evils for which will, then in the appointed gathering their own miracle of deliverance America itself was sure remedy.

they felt they were playing an even as they stood in the presence This fact was one of Mormonism's historic role, and with gratitude of the miraculous. "Many of our enthusiasms. George Q. Cannon

and pride they recorded every trial brethren,"they wrote from the after a visit to the Scandinavian and every blessing as evidences of branches, "have so improved their Mission in 1862 could predict:

the Lord's purposes with them. manner of living, the civil authori- *Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Transplanting the Saints to Zion will benches during a service, hats on, cottage, tore the tiles from the roof if benefit in them every they way will do smoking cigars. At other times as brickbats, and made a shambles right. all rest, the their physical With

beauty will be increased. They are althey would break windows, pile the of the place. Peasant girls held

ready strong and robust, but handsome benches in a heap, rip casements stones in their skirts while others forms and faces will... become common. and door paneling. Owners of the pelted, chanting, "Call on your God

influence of the Spirit heavenly The of rented halls occasionally obtained now and see if he will help you."8

the Lord, circumwith more favorable as taxpayers, a rebut as stances a more generous diet, will redress and 4 Banishment in Sweden, imprisonligious sect received the Mormons this. effect

indifferent protection. One early ment on bread and water in NorThis was the hope; and Christian convert, a burgher of Copenhagen, way, and mobbings in Denmark

Madsen in a letter from Aalborg in at times used the privilege of his were the early lot of the Mormons.

1861 expressed the yearning: class to obtain militia who were Nevertheless, after a year of labor,

"Everywhere among the Saints the posted with fixed bayonets at the Erastus Snow could report to next year's emigration is almost door or in the aisles during the Brigham Young, "I now feel that their every thought. This circumservice. In 1852, eight hundred and the shell is broken in old Scandinavia. are banished from their If we their anxieprayers, scribes appeared names fifty Mormon on a

E 9 the country, the will spread."work ties, exertions. their and These petition to the parliament Danish

prayers, these anxieties, and these asking that "our persons, goods, Missionaries, drawn from among exertions were the strong pulse of and property may be protected in the new converts, traveled two by

Mormonism in Scandinavia, a rich our worship according to the two through the provinces, venturmingling of faith and works in a freedom which the Constitution ing wherever fortune favored them healthy bloodstream sustaining the grants."8 or the letter of the law allowed. If

Saints in persecution, in their proseSometimes the violence was perstanding up was construed as lyting, and in their preparations to sonal. Homes of new converts preaching, they preached sitting

go to America. were scenes of attack. What was down; if religious services were forThe persecution began early. mere excitement in the cities might bidden in homes, they held "conOften it was no more than prosecutake the form of a special vengeance versations,"while neighbors darned

tion under existing conventicle acts, in the villages, as a result of intenstockings or mended fishing nets as in Norway and Sweden, which sity of distrust of a neighbor who to disguise the fact that they were made it unlawful for any dissenters had allied himself with a foreign listening to the gospel. ("When I

to carry on religious activities con- "ism."A mob burned down the get home, I shall probably have to

sidered to be the sole province of dwelling of Jacob Johannes Bohn, pull out all the stitches. When I

official Lutheranism. But it was crying, "Let's baptize the Mormon hear some of those wonderful

just as often violent abuse generpriest in his own blood."Bohn truths, my hand makes such large

ated by mistrust and misunderstandcrawled back after the debacle, stitches I am10 sure the patch will ing. Copenhagen, Scandinavia's searched among the ruins, and never hold"); if, after imprisonlargest city, was the gospel's first praised God that his journal conment or court examination in one

fruitful field: the humbler sections taining fifty hymns written for the place they agreed not to proselyte,

of the city yielded willing listeners, new faith had not been destroyed. 7 they went on to another and sent

but, along with them, the rabble. Hans Peter Jensen, a sturdy smith, fresh elders in their stead who had

Sometimes roughnecks would do had to flee from Aalborg when a made no such promise. Where they

nothing more than stand on the crowd of four hundred stormed his {Continued on page 530)

If existing laws forbade religious services in homes, converts—as home missionaries—would hold conversations"while daily household pursuits on as usual. went

JUNE 1950 473 o6pe i rleld CANDINAVIA...5U/J

iju Gilbert oL. sL. obeli, ffi.

RESEARCH EDITOR

the humble yet firm beginin Copenhagen was begun amongFrom ning made in the old Scandithe Baptists, but soon spread to the navian Mission a full century membership of the Lutheran or ago by Elder Erastus Snow of the state church.

Council of the Twelve, who was assisted by Peter O. Hansen and

John E. Forsgren, have come thousands of converts, and today four

missions are functioning: Danish,

Swedish, Norwegian, and Finnish.

In addition, the missionary endeavor was carried on in Iceland for two score years or more, and what little work has been done in Russia JesusErastusChristSnow,of Latterdayyouthful ApostleSaints insentthetoChurchopen upof has been under the auspices of the newcountries.fields of missionary labor in the Scandinavian

Scandinavian missions.

A group of missionaries left Great

Salt Lake City soon after the OctoPresident Snow later testified that ber 1849 conference, together with the Spirit of the Lord indicated that other Europebound missionaries, his missionary work should begin in and in the words of Elder John Copenhagen, and that "the Lord

Taylor, himself en route to open the has visited the believers with many

French Mission: "Snows have falvisions, and dreams, and manifestalen on our right and left, before tions of the Holy Spirit, and some

and behind, but with the exception have told us that they have seen of a slight fall on the Sweetwater, us in vision before we came."

and another on the day of our arPresident Snow, cautious to a rival at Fort Kearney [Nebraska], fault lest an unprepared person take we have escaped unharmed."upon himself the covenant of bapArriving in Great Britain, the tism, purposely put off the performthree missionaries assigned to Scanance of that ordinance until the

dinavia were outfitted for their Spirit whispered so, and conselabors by the generous Saints of quently the first baptismal service that mission. Here Elder George was not held until August 12, when

P. Dykes joined the group. He fifteen persons entered the Church.

had been instrumental in introducElder Forsgren took leave of his ing the gospel to a Norwegian setbrethren on June 19 for a visit to tlement in La Salle County, Illinois, his old home in Gefle, Sweden.

in 1842. There he found his brother, Peter

Elder Hansen, born in CopenAdolph Forsgren, and his sister, hagen but a longtime member of Christina Erika Forsgren, still livthe Church in America, was the ing on the old family homestead.

first elder to set foot in his native His father, a seafaring man, was land, arriving May 11, 1850. He absent. But there was little joy in

met President Snow and Elders the reunion. Peter had what his

Forsgren and Dykes as they arrived physicians said was to be a fatal in Copenhagen June 14, 1850, with case of consumption. After prayerthe report that he had already pubful consideration, Elder Forsgren

lished the tract "En Advarsel til anointed his brother with oil and

Folket"("A Warning to the Peo blessed him. He was healed and

pie"), but with the exception of was baptized July 26, 1850, being

cozily the Nestled of around the famous base the first person to accept the gospel persecuted honest but Bapsome of quaint buildwere Church Redeemer Our many in Scandinavia.tists, ings of few interested the chosen which one he found had was by Copenin the message he had. The work theirhagen meetingsSaints asin thea favorable1850's. location to conduct But there was no religious liberty

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in Sweden. Elder Forsgren had to

carry on his work quietly. He had

translated into Swedish Orson Pratt's "Remarkable Visions,"but the printer refused to print it. He

then circulated his manuscript among his growing circle of friends.

The healing of Peter Forsgren brought matters to a head. The

Swedish elder from America was arrested and charged with healing the sick. The chief priest, who was

at the trial in Gefle, had Peter sent Among these picturesque city dwellings in Christiania (now Oslo), Norway, the Saints rented their for and examined, believing that first meeting hall and official headquarters for the Norwegian branch of the Scandinavian Mission in the the man was still sick. The doctors early lS50's.

could not find anything the matter with him, and Peter Forsgren bore Danish with the help of a learned Being haled before the mayor of a testimony almost as strong as Danish woman. It was published in Osterrisor, Elder Petersen learned

that of his brother. 1851. that he had left Denmark too fast.

Elder Forsgren was finally A Norwegian sea captain, Svend He had neglected to call for a passplaced on board an Americanbound Larsen, visited President Snow port that would enable him to ship, but he made friends with the early in September 1851, inquiring travel in Norway. Captain Larcrew, and they allowed him to esabout the Church. The result was sen vouched for him, and the miscape into Denmark where he that when Captain Larsen sailed sionary escaped sentencing. He

joined his missionary brethren. for home the next day, a missionary, wrote to the authorities in Aalborg,

And what of Peter Forsgren? He Elder Hans F. Petersen, was on Denmark, to forward him the necesemigrated to Utah after being a board his vessel. It seemed that sary papers, but this appeal fell

stalwart of the Church in Sweden the "prince of the air"himself was on deaf ears. He and Captain

for a time, and he lived a full and determined that no elder was to set Larsen returned to Aalborg, arrivuseful life in Brigham City. foot in Norway, but the little vessel ing on September 23. That evening

At the close of the year 1850, finally arrived at Osterrisor, NorCaptain Larsen became "Brother there were about 135 members of way, where Elder Petersen was Larsen"by entering in at the gate the Church in Denmark, organized given the hospitality of Captain of baptism.

into branches at Copenhagen and Larsen's home. Early in October Elder Petersen

Aalborg. Twelve of the local The following day Elder Peterwas back in Osterrisor, Norway,

brethren had been ordained to the sen began tracting, and the second this time with his necessary papers

Lesser Priesthood, and President day Captain Larsen applied for in order, and this time with a

Snow had published his "En Sandpermission for the missionary to companion. In the next few

heds Rost"("A Voice of Truth"), hold Sabbathday meetings in the weeks mob violence was aroused, schoolhouse. This aroused the local and the elders found that the

priest's ire. restored gospel was unconstitu-

t:::':'r..-.-.-.-.--.-.-,...-.,:.-.:.. tional in Norway, and hence the

officers were waiting for them to

Swedish Mission headquarters of the present day. charge them with infringements of

Syartensgatan 3, Stockholm. the law. Nevertheless, on December 7, 1851, Elder Petersen met

with three men, Svend Larsen, Peter Adamsen, and John Olsen, at

Brother Larsen's home, and after (Continued on page 528)

In Norway, headquarters for the Norwegian Mission are housed in this handsome building, OsterThe presentday headquarters for the Church in hausgaten 27, Oslo.

Copenhagen, Denmark, corner of Borups Alii and

Priorvej, Frederiksberg.

which gained immediate popularity and was to become an old standby of missionaries laboring in that land for years. The Book of Mormon,

which Elder Hansen had begun to translate as a hobby while a resident of Nauvoo but never did have quite the time to complete, was well on the way to being translated into

JUNE 1950 475 Below: Two views of a famous Viking monument at Jeliinge, Denmark. Here, told in ancient carvings and runic letters, is the story of

the beginning of Christendom in Scandinavia.

The decoration shows Christ entwined by the of the old Yggdrasill, the "tree of mythology.A flame was kindled brancheslife"of Norse

fleLn VULite OF THE ERA EDITORAL STAFF in the

Driven by a howling nor'wester on an early June morning in 1850, ORTHLANDS the sturdy little steamer Victoria, of Hull, England, pitched and tumbled its way down through the

Otesund, a famous waterway be tween the ancient kingdoms of Denmark and Sweden. For four wearisome days and nights the steamer

had battled the hurricanewhipped

North Sea and its sister oceans, the angry, roaring Skagerrak, and the sullen, leadengray Cattegat.

Drenched by the salty spray and chilled to the marrow by the unaccustomed clamminess of the atmosphere, three young missionaries offered a silent thanksgiving prayer and a fervent appeal for strength, courage, and insight to face the problems in the countries where soon they would set foot.

They had come a long way from the valleys of the Rocky Mountains in faraway America. They had

crossed Indianinfested prairies and braved the storms of the great Atlantic to bring a message of joy and hope to the people of the Northlands. They were missionaries for

what seemed a strange, new church, a church which—alone among all

the world's churches—claimed

guidance through direct revelation.

This was indeed, a preposterous statement to the ears of all ordained ministers of other faiths who sat in Ready for a sunny day of harvesting in Denmark of a hundred years ago.

stateprotected security and loudly decreed that such things were a thirtythree days before. Elder all this hustle and bustle, strange

snare and a delusion. Hansen was a DanishAmerican and foreign to the eyes and ears of

The leader among the three miswho had embraced the gospel in his companions, Peter O. Hansen

sionaries was Erastus Snow, an Boston, Massachusetts. In his led them to a humble, secluded room

apostle in this new Church of Jesus bosom burned the same zeal and which he had rented nearby. Once

Christ of Latterday Saints. A courage so characteristic of the within the walls of this temporary

companion was Elder George P. other three. retreat, the four elders knelt down

Dykes. These two were newcomers Elder Hansen guided his newlyand thanked an allmerciful Heavto the Scandinavian shores, but the arrived fellow missionaries skilfulenly Father for their safe arrival in

third man, Elder John Erik Forsly along the -wharves of his native their new mission field.

gren, a convert to this new faith in city. The cries of fishwives hawkUnder the guidance of the Spirit

America, was of Swedish birth and ing flounders and herring could be of the Lord, Erastus Snow dedieducation. heard above the clamor set up by cated these three northlands of

On the Copenhagen docks, energetic tradesmen and haggling, Denmark, Sweden, and Norway as among the roistering crowds of a aggressive, pushcart hucksters. true and fertile fields of labor in

busy waterfront, they were met by Husky stevedores shouted with the Lord's vineyard. Out of these

Peter O. Hansen, who had arrived raucous voices, and ragged loafers should flow, to the glorification of

independently of the others some argued with pert urchins. Through the "New Zion in the West,"count476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

brawn Sturdy and unrelenting sons of fjord andis foundfjeld. The official Scandinavian clergy Norway's among

is a Lofoten fisherman Here with a nice were so completely identified with "family dinnertable size"codfish.

the dominant ruling classes that the pression. But individual thinking religious awakening was an aggresstirred and stirred, and various facsive assertion of lowerclass cultural

tors during several centuries comautonomy. The common people exbined to produce a new religious pressed their determination to deawakening. The trend was officially cide for themselves where the

legalized in 1849. essence of religion lay.

The beginning struggle between Amazingly, a message of hope the peasantry and the upper classes and joy and enlightened religious also went far toward a mighty reinterpretation spread like wildfire.

vival. It was now preached up and down

the Scandinavian peninsula and throughout the Danish isles by these young Mormon missionaries from

America. The spirit of selfcom-

placent Lutheranism was rudely awakened and had to face this new less thousands of converts gleaned threat to its security. It arose and

from among the many truth seekers, roared like an angry lion!

in whose hearts was a longing for "These people are utterly unthe principles of the gospel. trustworthy!"fumed the clergy at

The field, indeed, was "white almass meetings held in cities, towns, ready to harvest"and ready for and hamlets. "Imagine for yourthe sickle of the reaper. Awaiting selves,"they shouted to their authem were the millions of people in diences, "their preposterous claims

the three Scandinavian countries, of golden plates, with mysterious as yet without a spirit of religious characters graven upon them and awakening. Various forms of translated by their socalled prophet

Christianity had been successively through the gift and power of God!

introduced and established by comIt's blasphemy! It's profanation and

pulsion throughout a period of nearsacrilege!"

ly nine hundred years. "What about the ancient relics

Carved in 980 A.D. in the fabled, found in hills and fields and bogs

mystic runes of Viking days, a throughout our country?"would

famous monument at Jellinge, Dencome a challenging crossquestion.

mark, boasts of the "first"authentic The owner of the voice would stand religious victory. In tortuous lines, Each district in the Scandinavian Northlands has up that all might see him. Tall and

running round the roughhewn itstire ownas welldistinctas inandwomen'sindividualdress.garb,Thein Hardangermen's atbronzed, a true son of the soil, he

granite surface, this message from costume above is regarded as one of the prettiest in would be secure in his knowledge

Norway.days of warfare and heathen con- (Continued on page 525)

quest can be deciphered. Translated into English it reads:

Harald, King, commanded this memorial rock to be hewn in memory of

Gorm, his father, and Thyra, his mother;

that Harald who won for himself Denmark entire and forced Christendom upon the Danes.

In Sweden in 1527 A.D., Gustav

Vasa enforced the change from The "Sunday best"

Catholicism to Lutheranism by royal districtsin Sweden'sof acountryhundecree; in Denmark and Norway, manydred yearsforms accordingago took

opinion and intrigue seesawed along tohand.theHereoccasionthe man'sat

during the reign of several soversomber garb indieigns, until various bloody wars and somecates ancientthe passingstalwartof destructive uprisings settled the of the family.

question in favor of Lutheranism against Catholicism many years later.

Neither belief, however, imposed as it was by governmental decree, had sprung from a deeplyfelt popular yearning for religious exJUNE 1950 477

The Yuma Indian Orchestra furnishes the music at an elaborate

the Yuma Branch ward chapel.

THE 1950 0RM0N banquet and fireside program nof the evening of March 19, Iattalion

ON 1 950, nine large buses containing 310 men and women rolled into Salt Lake City, ending a trip of more than 2,000 miles taken incommemoration of the famous MorTREK mon Battalion march of 103 years ago. During the seven days'time were entertained elaborately by

that the trekkers were away from hundreds of people at every stopSalt Lake City, they had traveled ping place along the entire route.

to San Diego, California, via Mesa, Their trip was a pleasant journey r:-:\

Arizona. in honor of the hero trail breakers

In the summer of 1846 the of one hundred years ago.

noble and Godfearing ancestors Before leaving Salt Lake City, of the modern trekkers were called the 1950 trekkers were organized by the government of the United after the pattern used by the MorStates to furnish five hundred men mon Battalion. The commanding

for the purpose of participating in officer was LieutenantColonel Fred the war with Mexico. In response E, Curtis, the 1950 president of the

to that call, more than the number Sons of Utah Pioneers. The Adasked for, known as the Mormon jutant was Major Richard A. LamBattalion, left Council Bluffs, Iowa, bert, second vicepresident of the

on July 20, 1846, and marched via Sons, who was placed in charge of

Fort Leavenworth, Kansas; Santa making arrangements for all proFe, New Mexico; Tucson, Arizona; grams, hotel reservations, transto San Diego, California, arriving portation, and other details for the

on January 29, 1 847. The battalion trek.

over of two distance atraveled into divided trekkers were The longest the of miles in onethousand similar the divito companies in five infantry ever by mademarches Battalion of the sion Mormon made half latter the history. Through of 18461847. Ernest R. McKay,of the march, they opened a new first vicepresident, was designated through Pacific Coast to theroute

captain of Company A. Dr. W. mp—".uuLmnuiuiiffi imas almost difficult anda most third vicepresident, L. Judge Jesse P. Rich and Benjamin Wadman with Worlton,

18461847, and one country. flag ofpassable Battalion the Mormon of captain appointed Company battalion. was of the original swords the or Battalion was 1 950 Mormon The Rich, immediate P. Jesse B. Judge Pioof of Utah Sonscomposed of captain president, past was of wives, their manyneers and

of Captain C. Company to the north rim of the Comtraveled of descendants were directwhom secre- P. Giles, Parley pany D was Grand Canyon. Battalionthe original Mormon

members. Harold H. Jenson, a tary of the S.U.P. who also served Following breakfast at the Grand

past president of Sons of Utah as historian. And the captain of Canyon on Tuesday morning,

P. Nelson, LeRoy Company E was that officers decided the beginning 14, the from Pioneers, was March Sons. of the judge advocate of the acquainted exponents get leading should trekkers of the theone

trip. By appointment of Elder George with their uniforms, which were

In contrast to the extreme diffi- F. Richards, President of the Counreplicas of the ones worn by the

culties experienced by the 1846cil of the Twelve, Milton R. Hunter United States soldiers during the

1847 Mormon Battalion members of the First Council of the Seventy war with Mexico over one hundred and the long and arduous trip made represented the General Authoriyears ago, and that they should on foot by more than five hundred ties of the Church on the trek. also learn the principal tactics of

men through deserts, mountains, On March 13, Monday morning drilling; thereupon orders were

and plains in a halfstarved, halfat 6:00 a.m., the nine buses congiven for all battalion members to

clothed, and bedraggled condition, taining the trekkers left Salt Lake report in full uniform for drill.

the 1950 Mormon Battalion trekCity and headed south on the While they drilled and learned kers rode in comfortable buses and 2,000mile jaunt. That day they their military tactics, "Old Man

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By Witton /?. JJunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

Mormon Battalion trekkers drilling on the rim of the Grand Canyon.

Sol"climbed high into the heavens.

Finally the officers concluded that sented a program which was conbeautiful temple grounds. While

a marked degree of efficiency had ducted by L. Harold Wright, presiin the house of the Lord we listened

been attained, and the trekkers dent of Maricopa Stake. Among to Dr. Avard Fairbanks of the Uniheaded south toward Mesa, Arithose who spoke were Governor versity of Utah describe the paintzona, where they were to be on Dan Garvey of the state of Ariings on the walls which he and

parade at 4:00 p.m. A full hour zona, President Wright, Ernest R. other members of his talented fambefore the appointed time, the city McKay, and President Milton R. ily had produced.

streets were lined with thousands Hunter. One of the highlights of Soon the captains shouted "all

of enthusiastic spectators, includthe entire program, and of many aboard,"and the caravan was again ing the high school band members of the other programs on the trek, on its way. Upon arriving at the

attired in their colorful uniforms, was the beautiful singing of Gila River near the little Arizona anxiously awaiting the arrival of Dorothy Kimball Keddington, the hamlet of Sacaton on the Pima Inthe caravan. Four o'clock came and "sweetheart of the Sons of Utah dian Reservation about thirty miles

passed. Shortly after five word Pioneers."south of Mesa, the caravan struck

was received that the trekkers President Fred E. Curtis prefor the first time the historic old

would not arrive for another hour sented to Governor Garvey a gold Mormon Battalion trail. From that

or more, and the parade would be spike, suitably engraved, symbolic point forward to San Diego, the called off. Disheartened and disof the connecting of the Atlantic trekkers traversed the trail as nearcouraged, practically all of the and the Pacific oceans by rail on ly as the presentday highways

spectators dispersed. May 10, 1869. Also, an official permitted. Thus they observed the

Finally the nine buses pulled into sevenpound copper key to Salt extremely barren, desolate, rugged, town, and the trekkers decked themLake City was presented to the and sandy terrain that the battalion selves out in their quaint old unimayor of Mesa by President Curtis, members encountered in their efforms. Spectators or no spectators, representing Mayor Earl J. Glade forts to open the first road to the

theyparade—andwere goingthey todid!putTo onthe theirbeat ofGladeSalt wasLakeunableCity. toSincego onMayorthe desertPacific region.Coast through that bleak

of the drums and the commands of trek, he recorded a message which The majority of the buses arthe officers, they marched down the was used at the presentation of a rived at Yuma, Arizona, by four in street to the city auditorium known key to the mayor of each of the the afternoon, but bus number one as the Mezona Hall. Here a decities where programs were held. was missing. Motor trouble had

licious dinner was served to more Square dancing was enjoyed undeveloped, and the bus was stalled than three hundred hungry trekkers til midnight. Then came the time sixtyfour miles east of town. About

and a number of local guests, and to find night's lodging. The good a mile from where the trekkers

then they were all ready for a big people of Mesa took the 310 Morwere stalled, a young man and his evening's entertainment. Approximon Battalion trekkers into their bride of only four days had a car

mately 2,000 people, by special inhomes as guests. After everyone had accident, seriously injuring both.

vitation, assembled in the large received accommodations, dozens For two and onehalf hours while auditorium of the Mezona where of disappointed people were there waiting for the ambulance to aran outstanding musical show was at the Mezona with their automorive from the hospital, Martha Jenpresented. The battalion members biles, lamenting that they did not son, George Cox, and Dean Andrus

were interested to learn that all of have the privilege of extending their of the Mormon group administered the participants were drawn from hospitality to their neighbors from first aid to the victims of the accilocal talent. Utah. dent. Mrs. Jenson, a trained nurse,

Following the musical show, the Wednesday morning the trekkers knew exactly what should be done.

Sons of the Utah Pioneers previsited the Arizona Temple and the (Continued on page 524)

JUNE 1950 479

SCHLOSS WACHENDORF, AN ANCIENT CASTLE RICH IN THE FAMILY LORE OF THE VON AU ANCESTORS.

VILLAGE OF OBERNAU, ANOTHER STORIED LOCALITY

OF THE BRANCHES MANY

AU. V CONNECTEDOFFAMILY WITH THE LIVES VON

EVER

GIVE -UP! 5u (L,tnLlle U. /- sforaan archiveup the hunt,directorsthis verywere learnedabout toarchivegive

genealogist, who knows every angle still can't believe it sometimes, but I have to thank my dear husband and about genealogy in those old records,

I can now go as far back in my companion for getting me back into showed my genealogist a page in a said, XVII. "Albrecht which book as activity. genealogy about two 1081 the year asked me A. He D.I descendants, numerous has I it his recently, that to straighten out and found this out Von Ow years ago pays

great dividends if you never give up. my own genealogy and have the sealwho write the name slightly changed,

Since 1933 I have been engaged in ings done. He said, among other namely Von Au or Von Aw, and live

genealogical research, at which time things, "If you only write one sheet a scattered in the following towns and

I was still living in Germany. I took day, you will get it done by and by."villages... in Wiirttemberg, America,

every opportunity during vacations I took his advice and have continued and Switzerland."Among the towns

(the spirit of Elijah urging me) to go with the work ever since. mentioned was the village Neuenhaus,

to various ministers in the villages where some of my ancestors had lived, where some of my ancestors had He also said, "Why don't you try and where I myself was born!

lived. With the help of these minagain on your nobility line, and write From then on, he had it easy. He

isters I was able to gather my geneto Germany and see if it cannot be sent me my pedigree back to the year alogy back to about 1600. Farther connected and find your genealogy 1100, as far as my twentieth and

back most records had been destroyed somewhere?"So I wrote to a woman twentysecond greatgrandparents. But

during the Thirty Years War. of my acquaintance, wellknown no families were sent. For further

On one line especialamong higher circles details I was referred to two volumes ly I could find no recin my home town. Taschenbuch dev Adligen Haeuser

ords prior to 1739. My She referred the prob1891 and History of the Family Von

greatgrandmother on Jf you write only one lem to a friend, a reOw, by Theod. Schoen. The latter

this line, Anna Maria sheet of genealogy tired pastor, and for book, he wrote, was printed in

Au, ofVon was nobility. the a day, you will get it overgenealogistforty inyearsWiirt-a boughtMuenchenanywhere."in 1910 "and cannot be the But pastor wrote me there done by and by. temburg, South GerMy husband again came to the

wasn't anything else to many. This good man rescue. "Why not go down to the

find. Yet my mother wrote me right away genealogical library and see if the

used to tell me what great people this and informed me that in the big book is there?"I went right away.

family were back in the olden days, archives in Stuttgart he had found a With the help of a wonderful and and that in some old castle over three large pedigree of my line, under the very efficient researcher there, Mrs.

hundred pages of the family genealogy spelling of Von Ow instead of Von Au, Hofer, I soon found Taschenbuch dev were stored. At the time I thought it the pronunciation being the same. He Adligen Haeuser 1891. I was so ex-

a pleasant fairy tale, handed down could not find the link connecting my cited that day I could hardly wait from one generation to another, and fourth greatgrandfather with this until I had found my family in it gave it no further thought. pedigree, but he said he would do his my own beloved greatgrandfather and

Coming to the United States in 1937, very best to find a connection. greatgrandmother were listed in this

I was given a patriarchal blessing in So I waited. Not long after, he book, and it gave their genealogy back

family think, 1589! Just own to my back I been traveling that he had wrote that promised which YorkNew

at in our right here own a book it called behalf, in and and forth Zion"should a "savior my on be Mount

I library, had and genealogical Church muehselige, romanhaft eine "wahrlich for kindred dead. moved Then we my

it knowing never years ten here lived means which Ahnenjagd!"anmutende duties and City. Salt Other to Lake

the war intervened, and I was doing "a truly tedious, romantic hunt for until a genealogist from over there hardly anything on my genealogy. But ancestors!"As he and one of the {Concluded on page 523)

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JJiss Amy adjusted her glasses. It couldn't be

... and yet it was! INSPIRATION

(l5ia (L-lizabetk X Ifftomd

ven when the train started mov

E believeing, MisssheAmyreallycouldwas scarcelyon her.[

way to New York. Although for

years she had dreamed of a trip to the great metropolis where dreams come true and where, according to Miss Amy, spectacular success was assured, it had never until this moment been even remotely related to reality.

There had been a time, long, long ago, soon after her graduation from high school, when she had dared propose to the family that the money Grandma Allen had left her be used for an art course in the great city toward which she was now on her way, for Miss Amy had been clever with pencil and brush and secretly planned to be an artist.

Dad had laughed at her, and then, seeing that she was serious, had set his foot down with his usual firmness. "Don't be a ninny, Amy! You'll

go to normal school as we've always planned. Schoolteaching is a

proper career. It's a safe and sensible job for a woman."each succeeding crop of fifthway her artist's soul found exHer mother had smiled at her graders. pression. In discussing a bird, a

wistfully. "Dad's right,"she whisHer brothers long since had flower, or a sunset, she became alpered, "but I know how you feel."homes of their own, but invariably most lyrical. Some snickered, some

Whatever notions her mother had they considered her the solution in were indifferent, but there were cherished in her youth had long any domestic or financial emerthose in whom there seemed to be since been dispelled by years of gency. How many times had she awakened a dawning appreciation

household drudgery and bringing been called upon to contribute of of the Godgiven miracles of naup a family of six boys and Amy. her meager savings to tide some ture. Did this appreciation last?

one of them over a crisis? She'd Did it bear fruit? She never knew. So Amy had entered normal long ago lost count. New York was all Miss Amyschool.

Romance? There'd been a young had anticipated. Ever an idealist,

When she had finished, she acman, almost forgotten now, who'd she saw only that which she wished fifthgrade the role ofcepted the But of her. to fond magand wonder been more than see—the position which home,teacher back off squalor, illness the put of nificence her mother's had it. To

she'd maintained for thirty years. their plans from year to year till the worn, disillusioned faces in the

Miss Amy sighed as she watched he'd become discouraged and found subways or on the streets she was the flying landscape. a wife elsewhere. wholly oblivious. Strangely she

No doubt it had been all for the She'd learned to love teaching. felt neither the timidity nor the

best. After her father's death Deprived of a family of her own, bewilderment common to the newshe'd supported and cared for her she'd made her pupils her family. comer. She gloried in the immense

invalid mother. When her mother, Not only was she firm in her deterbuildings, the great stores with their

too, passed away, she'd lived on in mination that they grasp and digest tempting, unbelievable luxuries on the shabby house at the edge of the fundamentals of the three R's, display, the Great White Way, and town, cooking her own meals, but she was also almost fanatical the magic of the theaters.

spending the long evenings correctin her desire to instil in them apIt was only at night when she ing papers and planning lessons for preciation of the beautiful. In this (Continued on page 520)

JUNE 1950 481

June 18, 1850, Elder John constructedL. D. S. Chapelin 1937.in Herstal, Belgium,

OnTaylor, who later became—Photograph, Courtesy o{ Joseph R. Pulsipher

President of the Church, with his two companions, Elders Curtis

E. Bolton and William Howells,

arrived at the small seaport town of Boulogne Sur Mer in the north During the next fifty years few of France, where for the first time missionaries were sent into Frenchon French soil missionary work speaking countries. However, about

was started. the year 1899 traveling missionarNearly one hundred years later ies from the NetherlandsBelgian

President James L. Barker and his and SwissGerman missions started

wife, Kate Montgomery Barker, to work among FrenchSwiss and landed at the burned harbor of Le Belgian people.

Havre, May 10, 1946. From there In 1912 there was a formal orthey traveled through the bombed ganization of a French Mission.

towns of Normandy on their way On the 15th of October President to Paris where, for the third time Rudger Clawson of the European since 1850, the French Mission was Mission, Hyrum W. Valentine

reopened for missionary work. of the SwissGerman Mission,

During these hundred years the and Roscoe W. Eardley of the

history of the French Mission is one NetherlandsBelgian Mission met of persistent but interrupted atin Paris and set apart Elder Edgar tempts to organize and maintain B. Brossard as president of the v\?m>wmtf:mmx

missionary effort in the Frenchspeaking parts of Europe. Political

upheavals and wars have been the most important opposition to the growth of the French Mission. In

1852, in the morning of a despotic overthrow of the government and on the eve of another revolution, ISSIONElder Taylor was forced to leave

France. l/[/innlfred vScOLuerS Louis Napoleon by his famous coup d'etat had overthrown the first republic succeeding the government of Louis

Philippe.... Paris was in the hands of

the soldiers; her streets had recently been French Mission. At the date of 1914, after being organized for

soaked with blood; many of the buildings this organization there were alonly a little less than two years,

had been battered down into shapeless ready 337 members, converts of the the French Mission was closed.

ruins. (Life of John Taylor by B. H. traveling missionaries. Mission acFive years after the armistice,

Roberts. tivities at that time, as in the time Russell H. Blood was called from

directed of President Taylor, were of his the secretary as position President Tayin France, While Paris. after 1913, In one the to reopen Mission European in deal great a lor accomplished baptisms sixtytwo for presided Mission. French He year—andfrom concontacts, making establishing succeeded President Brossard was half, at a a which year about and for foundations laying verts, and Taft in Paris temporarily Ezra by set Rossiter C. was time Ernest the missionary among work future released in turn Benson, was who 1925. 30, president, as apart August the most of people. French One period, after short Benjamin a and the that his direction under It was his under things done important set as apart F. Howells was first chapels the of two construction the of translation the direction was president. temporary at in begun the mission was French. into The of Book Mormon

translation was made by one of President Howells was still in Seraing and Liege, Belgium.

President Taylor's first contacts, charge when World War I broke In 1928, the presidency was

Louis Bertrand, who became interout. An entry in the mission again changed, and Rulon Chrisested in the Church and was baphistory reads, "August 1 war was tensen presided for about two

tized. M. Bertrand, a welleducated declared, and missionary tracting years. While he was president,

man, became a strong member in was stopped."Five days later he republished the mission paper,

France and, sometime after Presimany towns in Belgium were under / 'Etoile, originally founded in 1868 dent Taylor left Europe, directed fire, and all the missionaries were but abandoned for many years.

missionary activities himself. His forced to leave hurriedly, some When President Christensen was

translation of the Book of Mormon without their luggage. Instrucreleased, Golden L. Woolf was set

is the edition still used in the mistions were received from the First apart and remained president for sion today, although the form is Presidency to evacuate all missionalmost four years. During those

slightly changed. aries. Consequently, August 30, four years the members in Belgium

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA saw the finished construction of their first two chapels, both dedicated by President John A.

Widtsoe.

August 12, 1933, President Daniel J. Lang arrived in Paris

where he presided over the mission until President O. F. Ursenbach

was appointed in 1935. One of the

biggest events in the history of the mission for the members was the visit of President Heber J. Grant

for the dedication of the third chapel, this one at Herstal, Belgium. L, D. S. Missionary chorus in the French Mission; left to right: Glendon Steiner, Creed Evans, Gordon

Miller, James Paramore, Richard Hinckley, DeLoss Eggleston, Jay Welch, Blaine Gunn, Arch

Harker. President Grant, Joseph W. AnderMoses,Heugly, Daleand Robert

son, and Hugh B. Brown were

all met at the boat by members Paris soon after the arrival of the mission wellorganized and from France and Switzerland as President Joseph E. Evans in 1938, running smoothly under the direcwell as Belgium and escorted from where they remained until war tion of four competent district

Cherbourg across France and into broke out in 1939. The French Mispresidents, Robert Simond of the

Belgium. The Herstal chapel as sion history records the'following: Swiss District, Paul J. Devignez of

well as the other two chapels was the Belgian District, Paul Kayser partially destroyed in the last war, During the last week of August as the of the Strasbourg District, and but in spite of the destruction the peace of the world seemed lost, and in Leon Fargier, traveling district accordance with the wishes of the First president in charge of scattered

Presidency, the missionaries in France were French members. to port moved convenient towns and

places of contact with port towns.... Paul J. Devignez, whose district

On leaving our meeting place in Paris, was the largest in the mission, deSeptember 3, 1939... we read the headscribes their activities during the

lines of the papers to the effect that England had on the morning of that day war years:

declared war on Germany, that France18501950 had followed suit in the afternoon. The weekly meetings continued and

were the occasion for general assemblies of the Saints. In spite of the dangers

FORMERLY OF THE FRENCH MISSION Missionaries were evacuated along the road, firing from airplanes, sabowith the exception of Elder Brigtage, evacuations, and deportations, the ham Y. Card who was left for a thanmembers150 didmilesnotto hesitateattend meetings.to travel moreThe

while in Geneva to act as president rate of conversions was maintained at a peacetime level, and the spirit of the members was very good. Payment of tithing

increased during the time when misery and famine were at their worst.

It should also be noted that branch presidents were more than equal to their sometimes overwhelming tasks, and the priesthood members, without hesitation, accepted jobs of transporting food supplies destined to relieve the suffering of other members. The Relief Society carried on

its work worthy of the highest praise...

one can say that the Relief Society saved many lives.... Many members of

our priesthood died in the service.

President Devignez himself lost a brother who was recently highly honored by the Belgian government as one of the outstanding patriots and heroes of the last war.

Sidewalk Mission in Brussels, Belgium.

—Religious News Service Photo Until recently the mission home

was a beautiful villa on. the shores

of Lake Geneva.* Since the

members continued holding their of the Swiss District, and Elder first organization of the French meetings in them. The chapels are Gaston Chappuis who stayed in Mission there have never been

now completely repaired. Paris and directed general mission permanent headquarters. Almost

The mission headquarters, situfunctions and publications. every president(Continuedhas hadonthe=experipage 500)

ated in Belguim under his President after arrival in France On the mission *At present home is located at 27 Ursenbach, were; back -to the President found war, moved Barker de, Miremont,*. Genevai Avenue

JUNE 1950'.'. "'483

about people they know or merely about human beings like themselves; Using EXAMPLES! witness the appeal of the currently

popular "soap operas."

iL5u czLouide oLlnton 2>aumon DEPT. OF ENGLISH, U. OF WASH., ST. LOUIS MO. 5. Make your comparisons colorful but reasonable

VIII ly. But suppose you find "such a The more vivid the mental piclisteners for your ture you create CONCLUSION usegoodit"story"even thatthoughyou you"just"knowhave toit

it. will they the longer remember

carpenter may have a kit full doesn't quite fit."Be especially However, a comparison can be made

firm in to putting a story one such is if the parts of tools, vivid of one only unless but he knows it side, for will rather than weaken listeners. to Farfetched the familiar to use they of are them howA Irrelevant strengthen speech. your

effective, for little it is analogies cannot Similarly, value. be not

enough to have a speech full of ideas serve only to distract audience listeners must be able to visualize easily the similarities between the specific details and illustrations; attentionto make. from the point you want you must also know how to present objects compared. We graft new

them in such a way that you create 3. Make your [acts and figures ideas which our listeners don't unin your listeners the mental pictures clear derstand into old2 ideas which they

you desire. Explain them in terms your lisdo understand.

No two people can tell a story in the same way. Each person's

examples in order. voice, gestures, words—his personKeep your

ality—are unique; therefore, his Make your cases relevant.

presentation of his ideas will be Make your facts and figures clear.

unique. Rules cannot make you a Give your examples realism and humangood speaker, but the following interest appeal.

suggestions will help you to avoid Make your comparisons colorful but reasome of the most glaring mistakes.

sonable. 1. Keep your examples in order Use quotations cautiously.

Prepare carefully for the use of your

Develop each example coherently and logically. In telling a story visual aids.

move steadily forward with the Use specific and picturesque words.

events. You have made a serious

error if you have to stop to say, 6. Use quotations cautiously

"Oh, I forgot to tell you—before

this happened, etc."First, choose only those which

Finish one story before you go are short and to the point. A quoteners will understand. Make them tation should rarely be longer thanon to the next.

mean something to your listeners. two or three sentences, for an easy - Arrange your "cases"so that

Dr. G. Homer Durham did this in way to kill listener interest is toeach follows logically out of the 1

the November 1949 Era by exread a long statement, especially ifpreceding one.

Move into your first story and plaining the recent devaluation of it is not directly on the subject. If

from one story to another smoothly the British pound in terms of its you feel a certain quotation is necesand casually, yet purposefully. effect on L. D. S. missionaries. sary to your speech but it is too

it in your ownMake your ideas fit together. Use visual aids when you can. long, summarize

Statistics given often verbally are to the meanas close staying words, ever succeeded who No farmer if and uninteresting; but original as quotation you ing of the in confusing a little corn plantedhaphazardly

the first plot, a little wheat in the they are drawn vividly on a chart can.

next, and then some more corn. or blackboard, they become signifiSecond, quote only from persons

One of the beauties of a successful cant and clear. who are qualified by intelligence,

farm is its order; the rows are 4. Give your examples realism and training, and experience to express

straight; the crops are arranged humaninterest appeal themselves on the subject. (See

systematically; and the whole is Article IV of this series. ) Thoughtplanned for easy harvest. Be a Listeners like stories that involve ful listeners will not be impressed by

good farmer when you speak. Keep famous people: President George the mere fact that you are quoting,

your ideas in order. Albert Smith, President Harry S. for they know that much of what

Truman, Winston Churchill. They appears in print is false. A popular

2. Make your cases relevant like examples taken from the colorsinger's opinion on the activities of

Test each bit of supporting maful pages of history: Latterday the United Nations might be widely

terial with the question, "Does it Saints love to hear stories of the (Continued on page 514) pioneers. They like familiar stories objective?"help me accomplish my

2Richard it immediatenot, discardIf it does ers Jp. 693 Like It! C.NewBorden,York,Public1935, Speaking—pp. 6465. as Listen484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RIGHAM

ONORED

v3u rvfarba C-. srotephson,

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

righam Young, whose indomitaBrigham Statue Young by Ma-B blepeoplecourageto refugebroughtin hisa barrendriven honri to be placed Young waste, has been given the honor Statuary Hall, Washington, D.C.,in

of placement in the Capitol BuildJune 1, 1950.

ing in Washington, D. C, with a

statue carved from Italian marble by Mahonri Young, a grandson.

When the matter of a statue for Utah was raised in the state legis-

V.. * lature,ment as thereto thewasmancompletewho shouldagreebe

so honored: Brigham Young was

the unanimous selection. Each state

is entitled to have two statues in

Statuary Hall, but this is the first to be placed there for Utah. To

date there are thirtynine statues in

Statuary Hall.

The program will be presented in the rotunda of the Capitol, but the final placement will be under the dome in the hall, in the southeast corner, facing west. It will stand

beside the statue of another Vermonter, Ethan Allen.

The Brigham Young Statue Commission was authorized by a joint resolution of the Utah Senate and the House of Representatives, February 27, 1945, under Governor

Herbert B. Maw. The commission

consisted of seven members with

Senator Mrs. E. E. Ericksen as

executive chairman. Under Governor J. Bracken Lee, Mrs. Ericksen

has continued her work as executive secretary to the commission.

(Concluded on page 494)

Brigham Young Monument at Whitingham

Center, Vermont, dedicated May 28, 7950.

JUNE 1950 485 EHI IN THE ESERT

d5u Jfuak it?ie!/, PL 2).

VI and Lawrence report, "peaks and in these mountains, the water bears238 ridges have different names among a different name from the wadi."

the different Arab tribes, and from Likewise we might suppose that, the

Place Names in the Desert different sides,"232 and of the nearby river having been named after his

Tih, Palmer says, "In every locality, firstborn, the location of the camp given, westerner as any be would to give reference valley, it, with wouldTHEfirststreamcamp atLehiwhichnamedhe madeafter hishis rock,each mountain,individual ravine,object, or:whether!

eldest son; the valley, after his has its appropriate name,"while the river. Instead, the Book of

second son (I Nephi 2:8.) The Raswan recalls how "miraculously Mormon follows the correct Arabic

oasis at which his party made their each hill and dale bore a name."234 system of designating the camp not

next important camp "we did call But how reliable are such names? by the name of the river (which

... Shazer."(Ibid., 16:13.) The Philby recounts a typical case: might dry up sometime), but by the

fruitful land by the sea "we called "Zeyd and 'Ali seemed a little vague name of the valley. (I Nephi 10:16,

Bountiful,"while the sea itself "we about the nomenclature of these 16:6.)

called Irreantum."{Ibid,, 17:5.) parts, and it was only by the irritatAnother surprise: Nephi more

By what right do these people reing process of continual questioning than once refers to the river of name streams and valleys to suit and sifting their often inconsistent Laman as "flowing into the fountain themselves? No westerner would and contradictory answers that I of the Red Sea."Since when is

tolerate such arrogance. But Lehi was able in the end to piece together the Red Sea a fountain, forsooth?

is not interested in western taste; the topography of the region.'"Answer: ever since it was called a

he is following a good old Oriental Farther east Cheesman ran into the yam, "In Hebrew,"writes Albright, custom. Among the laws "which same difficulty: "I pointed out that "the word yam means '(large)

no Bedouin would dream of transthis was the third different hill to river'and 'fresh water lake'as well gressing,"the first, according to which he had given the same name. as 'sea'in the English sense. In our

JenningsBramley, is that "any He knew that, was the reply, but case we cannot, however, be sure water you may discover, either in that was the way they named whether the designation yam came your own territory or in the territhem."'The irresponsible custom of originally from inland, referring to

tory of another tribe, is named after renaming everything on the spot pure fresh water as the source of you.":s So it happens that in Arabia seems to go back to the earliest life, or... it referred to the Medi-

a great wady (valley) will have times, and "probably, as often as terranean as the main1 source of different names at different points not, the Israelites named for themCanaanite livelihood."In the

along its course, a respectable number of names being "all used for one and the same valley. One and Jn the spring of the year it is by no means unusual to

the same place may have several find rivers in the regions through ivhich Lehi names, and the wadi running close traveled.

to the same, or the mountain connected with it, will naturally be called differently by members of selves their own camps, or unconformer case fountain is the best different clans,"according to sciously confounded a native name translation of the word, and it is 229 237Canaan, who tells how the Arabs in their carelessness."Yet, in spite certainly in this "inland"sense that

"often coin a new name for a loof its undoubted antiquity, only the Nephi uses it, for he uses a totally cality for which they have never most recent explorers have comdifferent expression (as we shall used a proper name, or whose name mented on this strange practice, see) when speaking of the ocean.

they do not know,"the name given230 which seems to have escaped the The Nile and the Euphrates were being usually that of some person. notice of travelers until our own anciently called yams, and this has

Names thus bestowed by wandering times. been explained as "probably a kind

Bedouins "are neither generally Even more whimsical and senseof poetic hyperbole, founded upon known nor commonly used,"so we less to a westerner must appear the the fact that they annually overin of Lehi river of behavior naming a expect ofcould flow any course not their banks."the aver240 Now 231

its valley son after survive, and to after one placeLehi's age names width is of the Gulf of 'Aqaba

Speaking of the desert "below the another. But the Arabs don't think only about twelve miles, and Musil

Negeb proper,"i.e., the general that way: In the Mahra country, for reports that one can look right

area of Lehi's first camp, Woolley example, "as is commonly the case across it and "see on the Sinai 486 the improvement era tians and the "Great Deep"of the

Hebrews. In Coptic, the latest form

of Egyptian, the Red Sea proper was called fayum1 nehah, literally "many waters."If one wanted to

speculate, it would be easy to trace

Irreantum back to some derivation containing Eg. wr (great) and nt

(Copt, nout "standing water"), or to identify the final um with the common (Eg., Copt., Heb.) yem,

yam, yum, "sea"and the rest of the word with Copt, irnahte "great or many."But we need not go so far:

It is enough to know that in Lehi's day the ocean was designated by epithets, and that the sea to the east was called "many waters"by the latest Egyptians.

The first important stop after

Lehi's party had left their base camp was at a place which they called

Shazer. The name is intriguing.

The element shajer is quite common in Palestine place names; it is a

collective meaning "trees,"and many Arabs (especially in Egypt) pronounce it shazher. It appears

in Thoghret asSajur (the Pass of

Trees), the ancient Shaghuv, written Segor in the sixth century. 2"It

may be confused with Shaghur "seepage,"which is held to be identical with Shihor, the "black water"of Joshua 19:36. 244 This last

takes in western Palestine the form

A great desert poet, Abu Sakhr, wrote that nothing on earth brings verses as readily to mind as Sozura, 2ir'suggesting the name of a running water and wild places. famous water hole in south Arabia,

called Shisur by Thomas and Shisar latter certainly 10 nation? was The

It "tiny copse"is a Philby."not peninsula only the of mountains by called ancients a the yam, what

loneliest the of one and part the of the peninsula, south (Thomas) but having, applied that whether word.. in all world. the have also spots the plain north.. So we extending the basic or fresh, to salt water

To the South we had a view of the meaning of source or fountain. Shihor, Shaghur, Sajur, Saghir,

greater Segor (even Zoar), Shajar, Sozura, part of the atTihama Please note that Nephi does not call 1'41 all connected Shisar, side, Shisur, shore."the and Arabian From rather but a the fountain, Sea Red denoting other or then, and the northeastern the arm f somehow gulf to as refers a fountain of reliable but for weak miles over Sea a hundred Red either seepage—a it feeder, were, as the Red Sea—athis trees. of (i.e., a clump in water Lehi's sector the where supply—or it into flowing torrents spring with

Lehi's peofirst one prefers, (I the sea, Whichever party came upon {Ibid., 2:9), a yam in the very bet- a ple could hardly have picked sea at is not an open Nephi 2:5)

ter name for their first suitable stopall, and is not the Red Sea: it is a atsensefloodthatweretheyams.Nile and Euphrates

broad and elongated sheet of water ping place than Shazer.

like the Nile and Euphrates at flood, When the party reached the Before leaving the subject of—notand likea themgreat itlake—butis not closedopenswaterout weocean,called"weIrreantum,beheld thewhich,sea, whichbeing waters,that Nephi'sit wouldmentionbe wellof a riverto notein

to the sea, flowing out through two interpreted, is many waters."(Ibid., a most desolate part of Arabia has

channels, each but five miles wide. 17:5.) But why did they not simply caused a good deal of quite unnecesThe corresponding western arm of call it the sea and be done? Besary eyebrowraising. Though Hothe Red Sea anciently had the cause there was no name in their garth says that Arabia "probably

mysterious and muchdiscussed language to designate this particunever had a true river in all its imname of Yam Suph, "sea (or founlar sea; so they simply gave it a mense area,""47 later authorities, intain) of weeds (or rushes)."If it name of their own. The ancients cluding Philby, are convinced that

was called a yam, what is more regularly resort to epithets when the peninsula has supported some natural than that its twin gulf to speaking of the great outer seas, as quite respectable rivers even in histhe east should bear the same desigthe "Great Green"of the Egyp- (Continued on page 516)

JUNE 1950 487 ENTURY OF JSiERVICE...

or L Jke Saaa AT Phelpsfiftyfivewas consideredWilliam anWinesold Willardalso clerkRichards,of the anCouncilApostleof andthe man at Winter Quarters. 1 PerTwelve. One of the notes, addressed

haps that was one of the reasons to Saints in the East, said in part:

he was not trekking along the trail live intelliThis people without cannot to the with BrigRocky Mountains it is for to obedience through the Young'sham first company of principlegence, they to receive are their exaltaMormon Pioneers in the spring of tion; and if the intelligence cannot be had,

1847. Generally they were young justice has no claim on obedience, and

men in that group of stouthearted, their exaltation must be decreased. This

highbooted stalwarts seeking a new principleimportanceis ofsufficientusing all todiligenceshow youin helpthe home for the driven Saints. Their ing Elder Phelps to bring us the materials,

average age was little more than whereby we can furnish our children with the books, and thirty, Saints with new things to the not counting two boys feast the soul. the and three made who women

journey. x f -;.. fc s - "tovt-i William W. Phelps remained -

with the little cluster of log huts, tents, wagon tops, and dugouts along the greening banks of the The handoperated Ramage Press of pioneer days provided papers a minute, an entire two produced Missouri. not stay long. But he did

cropped edition of 225 newspapers if no mishaps up I m-: - }., to perform. TheHe had a mission printer. the to vex

call had come from President Young of the Council of the Twelve I a to obtain East. the was He a mighty and his associates. It was

.......... w JFfc type, paper, press, ink, and printing mission. before days Only a few

the first company of Pioneers had other supplies to be taken "over rolled away from Winter Quarthe mountains2 to the Salt Lake ters, Brother Phelps had been asked City.*'

to go in the opposite direction, to Such a call was not new to Wilfifteen years Phelps. liam About W. in street Typical City scene 1868, Salt Lake when

''Journal History, April 1, 1847 in aspect metropolitan so the that become had Smith the before, Prophet Joseph daily paper. Deseret a became News

had asked him to purchase a press in Cincinnati for the Saints. This

Bishops of the William Phelps had done, and with With the help of the Saints in the were Church agents the press he had established the Eastern States, William Phelps obof supervisin charge the tained ing he in Boston collection means, and the office of first Latterof the printing all precious rags of press.* the purchased for descriptions pain It Indewas situated day Saints.

per making. Disthat the In a beginning was way that with Missouri, and carded pendence, tops, wagon

old, torn hempen press Brother Phelps had published of The Deseret News, the Church ropes, paper hangings or any old rags, newspaper, which on be June 15 obfirst the periodical of Church the they cotton, linen or the of serves anniversary hundredth woolen all It was called dispensation. this in was

grist for.. the. paper first its publication.

mill. Morning Evening The The And

Star, Brother Phelps purchased the

Thus while the first company of press in 1847. But it did not really

Pioneers wagoned west, William clank into motion in the mountains

Phelps moved eastward in search until almost three years later. He

of a press. Before he could buy returned to Winter Quarters from

it, he needed to find the means for the East in the fall of 1847, twelve the purchase. He carried with him days after President Young arrived

two letters of introduction, signed there from his first journey to Salt by both President Young and Lake Valley. It was the plan of

the brethren for President Young 2Diary of William J. Appleby, then Eastern

States Mission President, July 27, 1847 3Joarnal History. April 1, 1847

*See William J. Appleby's diary for summer, 1847

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to take the printing equipment "with him on his second journey to the mountains, the following year. But

the press did not go with him.

Brigham Young explained the rea-

+Jke <UJe5eret / leu/5 By WENDELL J. ASHTON

son why in a letter on the trail, near Chimney Rock, to Elders Parley P. Pratt and John Taylor

and other leaders in the Salt Lake

Valley:

must not be in disappointed You not and Acapablesectionof ofturningthe Deseretout 2,000Newstwentypagepressroom ofpapers'today,everywith minuteits giantit isHoein pressoperation.weighing about 40 tons,

seeing the printing presses, type, paper, mill irons, mill stones, carding machines, etc., as I had fully calculated on the teams:**W-:':-::'K:

that you sent from the valley bringing The winter of 184950 was a them on. We have the poor with us; their vicious one. Trails to civilization

cry is urgent to go to the mountains, and were blocked with snow for several children myI couldheartneitheragainstclosetheir myearnestearsappeals.nor harden... 5 months. Some women and endured the winter in the valley

with nothing for shelter but the canvas of coveredwagon boxes placed on the ground.

The first mail of the 1850 season arrived in Great Salt Lake City (the "Great"was. not officially

dropped by the territorial legislature until 1 868 ) on Saturday, June 8.

It came with Thomas S. Williams.

He had carried messages across rainswept Iowa during the exodus from Nauvoo. He had come from

Kanesville on the Missouri in the "lightning"timeof thirtynine days. An historic landmark: "The Old Mill"at the

In his mailbags were newspapers mouth of Big Cottonwood Canyon. In recent years

from the East. awhichdancewas resortonce thecleverlyfamoususesDeseretthe Newspicturesquepaper mill.ruin

in day news reporting indeed was A gay the ocThe arrival of the mail was no casion of unveiling the statue of the of Brigham in 1897. this historic In of the photo Young Main—for really signal to the doubt work

plainly intersection South Temple see one may Dr. Richards, a scholarly, selfold building the site of in Deseret presentthe setting on News the the begin type readyand

day Hotel Utah corner. ing the forms for the first edition effacing man who was big in body

of the pioneer newspaper in the as well as in his ways, had assisted

With some of the Saints on the Mountain West. The copy was with the publishing of the MillenMissouri donating beans and hams, prepared by the editor, Willard nial Star in England, and he had

and others, wagons and oxen, and Richards. By this time, the First helped in preparing the Times and

still others, some precious coins, Presidency of the Church had been Seasons in Nauvoo.

enough equipment was obtained to reorganized, and Elder Richards Even before Tom Williams had carry the press to the mountains in had been named second counselor arrived with the mail, Willrrd 1849. In charge of the ox train to President Young. The first Richards had written the prospectus

that took it west was Howard Egan, counselor was Heber C. Kimball. for the newspaper about to be born.

a saddletough frontiersman who Willard Richards was gifted with He headed it with the words, had been a bodyguard to the the pen. He had been secretary to- "Truth and Liberty."They were

Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo. the Prophet Joseph, who had said to be the News'motto for a hunThe printing equipment arrived of him: dred years.

in the valley in the fall of 1849, a In part, the prospectus read:

year that had seen goldthirsty I have been searching all my life to

I after find a own heart my man whom a small to publish weekly propose the "fortyniners"pouring through We in all things, trust business with could my local circumstances large sheet, as as our little in the settlement Mormon I Dr. him. found Willard have and "Deseret will called permit, News,"to be 6

is the desert man. Richards by the thousands. passing the to record originally designed

5Journal History, July 17, 1848 e]ournal History, November 21, 1841 (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1950 489

A CENTURY OF SERVICE

(Continued from preceding page) directory. There were no pictures. Meanwhile, progress had been

events of our State, and in connexion, The only story in it that rated more made by the pioneer paper in gathrefer to sciences, the arts and embracing than a oneline "head"was a pageering the news. Shortly before the general education, medicine, law, divinity,

domestic and political economy, and everyone account describing a "Terrible booming of guns at Fort Sumter, thing that may fall under our observation, Fire in San Francisco"on Christtouching off the Civil War, the first which may tend to promote the best inmas Eve, almost six months before. Pony Express rider splashed

terest, welfare, pleasure and amusement It was a humble start. But trials through the rain and dark to the

of our fellow citizens. and triumphs of the newspaper were city of the Saints. He was Howard

ourselves responsible We hold to the only beginning. For the next half Egan, the man who had brought highest court of truth for our intentions,

and the highest court of eguity for our century, Willard Richards and his the press to the mountains. The

execution. When we speak, we shall successors accepted everything from arrival of the Express meant that

speak freely, without regard to men or prairie chickens to fence posts for news could be brought to Salt Lake like party, other when, and men, we err, subscriptions. News in the early Valley from the frontier in six

correct us open, eyes has his let him who in meekness, and he shall receive a days had to come by plodding oxen days. Washington, D.C., was only

disciple's reward.... 7 or mules from civilization nearly a a week away!

thousand miles away to the east Little more than a year after the

Much of the typesetting for the or west. Indians, deep snow, swolfirst Pony Express message arrived,

first edition was done by Horace len rivers, and burning deserts the transcontinental telegraph was

K. Whitney, a brownhaired, harassed the mail carriers. completed. That brought news to

bearded, and wellbuilt young man Perhaps the most disturbing of the mountains in ticker time.

who had worked in the Times and all problems for the News in its On New Year's Day in 1935, later, too—was the another wonder, wirephoto, arSeasons shop in Nauvoo. The early days—and

proof was read by Thomas Bullock, scarcity of paper. Soon after the rived at the offices of the News.

it was It brought pictures from various the clerk of the first company of newspaper was launched, it parts of the world to the newsPioneers. He had also been the slowed to a biweekly. Then

was issued every three weeks, and paper in flash time. "Johnny Appleseed"of the group,

once it did not appear for three planting handfuls of yellow or months. Other advances came to the

white corn as the trekkers wagoned growing newspaper.

pioneers to The accustomed were trail. the original over The News in Civil after the Shortly War, thorny problems. the met They pressman Brigham H. was Young, issuing 1865, the began newspaper difficulty characteristically. paper of the President.nephew Brigham the weekly. well as a as semiweekly

for advertised discarded They a H. stocky with youth was daily the afterward, years was Two tops, quilts, shirts, ropes wagon and hair, lightbrown eyes, bluegray the Later, both weekly launched. for set papermaking. In 1854 they fair, skin. cleanshaven and discontinued. semiweekly were and a mill up crude paper on Temple

first printing of the The seven- a In the News became 1948 News little Square. the newsprint The

little in a donewas shack adobe on the about same newspaper. At day mill yielded thick gray. was and

Street just South east of it Temple features popular time such added it Bull It paper. the supplied was

thewhere stands. Hotel Utah the now and Family Section as the daily until a stock newspaper could be Kenner, Scipio A. became who later locallyedited gravure magain the or weekly Missouri from wagoned the "Mark Twain"of the newsfrom California. Later, during Civil zine in four colors.

paper, that the said "alshack was the beginning Deseret The From days, estabBrigham Young s War to get into."most as easy top as on guided has been by stalwarts lished shell News in the factory a paper

as theThe place was mint known toil sacrifice vision and and whose the of in the southold Sugar House building, since gold coins been had forthe paper moving have kept city. east section the of Wiry,

for there several months.made been managers have ward. There little enthusiastic, George Goddard

All of the type for the little eightwas called on an important mission like solid, wise, and sandyhaired page paper was set by hand. Each to collect rags. He went through Elias A. Smith, who often worked

letter of each word was picked up the territory shaking a bell and far into the night (and sometimes and placed in a "stick."The papers gathering them up. In the eighties, through the entire night without

were printed on the Ramage hand a pretentious paper mill was erected rest) getting out the paper, particupress obtained by William W. by the News at the mouth of Big larly in the days when the Pony

Phelps. It yielded two papers a Cottonwood canyon. It made some Express would bring late bulletins

minute. (The modern News Hoe excellent paper, but it burned down on the Civil War; and honest, selfpress, weighing about forty tons, is early on April Fools'Day, 1893. effacing, and able John A. Evans.

capable of printing two thousand (World War II brought on another When the newspaper was fighting twentypage papers a minute. paper famine. In 1948, to insure for its life following the financial

There were approximately 225 future paper, the News, together panic in the 1890's, he more than papers in that first edition. The size with the Los Angeles Times and once slipped across the street to

of the sheets was about the same Oregon interests, purchased the the bank and drew from his own as those in a modern telephone Hawley Paper Mill in Oregon City. family's savings account to help

7Deseret News, June 15, 1850 The new company became known meet the payroll. Dramaloving,

8Kenner, Utah As It Is, p. 156 as Publishers'Paper Company.) (Concluded on page 494)

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >i 'foyMIRACLEOFThe

rr*3? p Now Available at a 'sV Recordbreaking Low Price Here is a revolutionary new type tape recorder and playback unit that does more and costs less!

Dualtrack recording lets you put twice as much recorded material on each reel... gives greatest operating economy—uses tape over and over. A V7: '-,

child can thread and operate this new Ampro unit... it's that easy! Featherlight (a mere 15

lbs.) compact and fully portable in one handy

case, it offers amazing utility at lowest cost. Come

in today for a thrilling demonstration recording of your own voice!

AMPRO JJT/ Talk, Dictate, Record, Sing or Play P for 2 Full Hours on one 7"Reel!

Magnetic Erasure Allows You to

Scores of Uses for Businessmen, Professional Men, Use Tape Over and Over Again

Schools, Churches and Homes... Old recordings which you no longer care to keep are

automatically erased from the tape as you make new

DICTATING REPORTS and FOREIGN LANGUAGE recordings.

summaries on tape saves study with tape recordtime for busy executives, ings speeds learning, inHighlights of This New Unit keeps secretaries free for creases vocabularies, deLowest first cost for a precisionTwo full hours may be recorded played on one standard back tape recorder and playback or other work. velops pronunciation built

7"tape. reel of unit. skill.

carry, to easy portable Truly economyoperating Greatest—

neat material in one complete as recorded twice much CONFERRECORDING can TRAINING MUSICAL of tape! each reel put on Simplest to may operate comno—case. for later ENCES tape enjoyable on with be more child opcan controls, plicated a only Most becompact—measures playback, review instructor's and comments it. erate "x8"xl2". 85/8

discussion. Absent demonstrations memand tape features and unusual other Lightest 15 a mere Many weight—bers can keep informed later recorded for pracadvantages. pounds.

with tape recordings. tice.

SOUND FOR HOME VOICES OF LOVED ONES MOVIES AND SLIDES can ONLY can be captured forever be tape recorded "on Magnetic lifelike with retape the spot"or you can kMPRO 50 cordings. Family events music add or commenand

tape be recorded may Rec tary later with tape retapeMeWWoer kept for years. and cordings. 00,t Complete takeup with microphone, reel,$94radiophono plug, speaker, Playb-*

amplifier in one handy cast.

Distributed Exclusively By Wholesale Distributors ZCMI FURNITURE AND APPLIANCE DIVISION

P. O. Box 1109 Salt Lake City, Utah

For additional information and the name and address of your local dealer write to ZCMI Wholesale

Distributors now!

the same stuff that appears sugar does create cavities in yourSugar, on your table in granulated teeth."But wait a minute.

At the Harvard School of Dental form, is turning out to be a SUGAR wonderworking miracle chemical. Medicine, Dr. Reider F. Sognnaes

fed huge H. Shaw and Dr. James paints it intoScience is now putting Ljoes Jo Worn ft rats eighteen to of sugar quantities anescosmetics, medicines andand

thetics, adhesives and rubber, tire and hamsters. For nine months the

patches and paper, shoe polish and animals got this presumably toothdiet. Yet, at the end ofphonograph records, explosives and SCIENCE* wrecking

soap. Already the chemists have that time, there wasn't a cavity

discovered that more than ten thouThe article, "Refined Sugar: among them! Then the researcherssand different kinds of materials Its Use and Misuse,"by Dr. tried sugar on monkeys—and came

Lee on page Harold Snow, conclusion: the same with out from be derivedcan issue 1948 of the sucrose—and March HO a cause of direct as Sugar was not Era, of started. Improvementthey're just getting The

interof deal a great created assumed. been caries as had is putting industry While Inreaders. sugar est among Era is it not definitely Although

Saints as Latterdayto of fantastic all sorts uses, mediasmuch dissuch not or whether known of condesirous should be disstartlingcal are making men question sidering from to every huapplicable fully are coveries in role sugar'scoveries your about all are preof points view, we to still news are good they mans, artianother herewith senting diet. are they one, knockby One that foresee we nutritionists, who cle considers another which beliefs, to withing old out emerge

this to subject. side of keep sugar to use more have may that help ideas youbrandnew may adequately the of world people the Editors The health. betterto achieve

vitalacks sugar fed. Although

experts are the awed by Even mins and minerals, it offers pure it for of the major sugar, is one other words, calories—marvels of nature. They call it energy—in

cheaply. and readily &V sunlight,""crystallized water and

all of biggest news the fact, In right. just that is aboutand solvin its part rl/idiard A f\eed be sugar may about plant inor sugarbeetsugar-cane shortfood world desperate the ing

1.7 of dioxide hales carbon ounces that desperate Just age. how

air, Dr. Leslie of England, F. Wiggins absorbs.7 ouncesfrom the has been become problem may

soil, and associates cal112 have come the up with gathers fromwater ories of pure energy from sunlight, a method of making nylon out of dramatized by Fairfield Osborn, has marnaturalist, who famed sugar. also developed have They of suturns an ounce and them into of facts. array frightening shaled a antifreeze prepapromising it a gar. new through goes Of course,

lengthy refining before it gets to ration made of sugar. Every day the net population of

your table, but that's the fundaBut sugar's greatest claim to bethe world increases by 97,000! It

mental process. ing a miracle substance still lies takes, on the average, about 2.5

All over the scientific world, in its food qualities. No other acres of cropland to provide a

there is a sense of excited interest known food can match the speed year's food for one person. Divide

in sugar. The Sugar Research with which it can deliver the stored the total tillable acreage of the

Foundation alone has sponsored energy of sunlight into the human world, and you get only two acres fiftynine major projects in the past blood stream. No wonder medi- a person. To meet even today's

six years. In addition, great sugar cine has found that, with its capacrequirements, there is a crying need

companies and individual reity for swift delivery to any part to increase the amount of food that searchers are working on hundreds of the system, sugar can be used an acre can produce.

of special projects aimed at making as a medicine. Injections of gluDr. Robert C. Hockett, scientific

this useful substance even more cose have helped to relieve the director of the Sugar Research versatile. Their startling discovernausea of pregnancy. And doctors Foundation, sees sugar as a draies may change your life in the feed highsugar diets to patients matic solution to this dilemma.

future. with certain diseases of the liver. What, he asks, does it take in the

Chemists figure there are more Knowing what sugar can do to way of land to produce the one than 250,000 ways to link sugar cure human ailments, doctors are million calories needed by the avermolecules with other substances; hastening to explode fallacious beage man each year?

for instance, we don't have to worliefs about its bad effects. Top on If he were going to get them all

ry about running out of coal or the list is the myth that sugar from potatoes, it would take fortygasoline. We'll just use sugar. causes diabetes. This is a disfour percent of an acre. From corn

Fantastic? Not to scientists of torted notion, say medical experts. meal, ninety percent of an acre,

the Carnegie Institute of TechDiabetes authorities have successfrom refined wheat flour, one and nology in Pittsburgh! They have fully taken diabetes patients off intwo tenths acres. From hogs, two

discovered that sugar can be turned sulin and still allowed them a measacres. Eggs, seven acres. Steers,

into a sort of artificial soft coal that ure of sweets and starches! seventeen acres.

burns with terrific heat. Or, by You probably think you are on Now consider sugar. Averaging

using another process, they can safe ground when you say, "Well, the yields of cane and beets, it turn it into oil. 'Reprinted from January 1950 Coronet. Copyright, takes little more than one eighth

At Birmingham University in 1949, by Esquire, Inc. (Concluded on page 520)

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 230 universities, educational institutions 147 hospitals and other medical groups 1,825 small and large businesses

219 churches, religious organizations 3,500 Standard of California employees 91,000 Americans who invested their savings

Who shares Standard of California Profits?

No college football stadium in the country "You share, too. Just since the war we've

could seat all the owners of Standard of invested more than $500,000,000 in oil wells,

California. refinery units, pipelines, tankers, distribuWith 97,000 individual stockholders, it's tion plants and marketing outlets...facilities

one of the most widely owned companies to help us meet our responsibilities to serve in the West... and more than 70% of these the growing West.

people are small stockholders with less than 100 shares.

Among the large stockholders, you'll find literally hundreds of companies and organizations which work for you or benefit you every day—hospitals, universities, museums,

churches, insurance companies, YMCA groups, research laboratories. And, of

course, thousands of our employees are also owners. Standard of California profits,

therefore, are divided among a tremendous number of people.

JUNE 1950 493 A CENTURY OF SERVICE

(Concluded from page 490) the purchase of the big paper mill Hotel Utah is now situated. The

businesslike Horace G. Whitney in the Northwest. News through the years went to

directed the News fortunes longer The company has served the the Tithing Office Building (a low than anyone—more than twenty Church and the Mountain Westyears—and none had a more ways other than through a newsin building),building justthenorthhistoricof theCouncilstore

lustrous record. paper. Since its beginning it has House, and to what is now known

Brilliant minds have served as done commercial or job printing. as the Union Pacific Building. The

editor. Among them was Charles Some of its first printing of this newspaper is now published in the

W. Penrose, small in physical type were the largelettered handfour-story Deseret News Building

stature but mighty with his pen in bills advertising plays in the old on Richards Street. The job operadefense of the Saints during some adobe Social Hall. During 1949, tion during 1949 was transferred to

of their most difficult days. And the job department printed and a twoacre enclosed area at Inthere was versatile George Q. Canbound 150,000 hardbound books, dustrial Center, known during

non, who founded the daily and many of them on Church history World War II as the Remingwrote with a powerful simplicity and doctrine. During the same ton Arms plant. During Johnthat charmed children as well as period, it produced a million Church ston's Army threat in 1858, the

adults. Among other editors have lesson manuals, pamphlets, telenewspaper was printed in the basebeen such worthy names as Albert phone directories, and similar bookment of the pinkstone territorial

Carrington, David O. Calder, John lets. Three million magazines, statehouse in Fillmore.

Q. Cannon, Joseph J. Cannon, and many of them copies of The ImThe mammoth newspaper press

Mark E. Petersen, present editor provement Era, emerged from the now thunders away in the heart

as well as general manager. Under plant during the same year. of downtown Salt Lake City, only

his leadership the News circulation Homes of The Deseret News a few feet from where Willard has doubled in two years'time, and through a century have been typical Richards, its first editor, was buried.

there have been big steps forward of its progress on other fronts. The Some years later his remains were

in other spheres, too. Albert E. little adobe shack called The Mint removed to the cemetery. But WiiBowen, chairman of the company's did not long house the operation. lard Richards'influence is still with

present board of directors, has conLater it was taken to the threethe institution he started. "Truth

tributed much toward progress. It story Deseret Store building, standand Liberty"were his guiding

was he who guided the News'ing on the corner of Main and thought. They are The Deseret

negotiations in its participation in South Temple streets where the News'banner today.

fr

(Concluded from page 485) The design finally decided upon

The commissions have worked diliBRIGHAM YOUNG HONORED for the monument was one subgently to make the statue a reality, will be dedicated at Whitingham mitted by five architect grandsons calling into consultation members Center, Vermont, his birthplace. of Brigham Young: Don C. Young,

of the Young family, members of This monument is being erected by Jr., Lorenzo S. Young, George Canthe Church, and representative peothe Sons of the Utah Pioneers, the non Young, Georgius Y. Cannon,

ple throughout the state. Church, and descendants of Brigand Edward P. Young. It is a

The sculptor, Mahonri Young, ham Young. fluted column of Vermont granite

grandson of Brigham Young, was which reaches thirteen feet high selected; the plaster model apand which bears the inscription:

proved; and the final marble statue

agreed upon. Mahonri Young Brigham Young, Church Leader, Piowent to Italy to select the marble BRIGHAM YOUNG ingham,neer, Statesman.June 1, Born1801.in TownLed ofMormonWhitand execute the statue. By Gene Romolo Pioneers from Nauvoo, Illinois, to Rocky

The program for the presentation Mountains, reaching the valley of Great 1847. 24, Salt Lake, July 1, 1950. will spirit his be June callous heart! the statue of craven nor XJo

the of President second Church Became * of love Largess will sympathy, and humane Smith Albert George President

Saints, of of Latterday Christ Jesus freely as the part he performed gave its unHe after statue, the dedicate at Salt 1847. 27, Died Lake December futurity. to for bless him, Ordained

veiling by Mabel Young Sanborn, His vision reached beyond the West's City, Utah, August 29, 1877.

frontiers; in Statuary place statue a occupies His of Brigham child surviving only

trails that unbroken would saw man He Capital, D. Hall, C. National Washington, Alben Vicepresident Young. W. tread erected Descendants This by monument the asprogression will address through also he pursued As Barkley in with cooperation the of Brigham Young years; from choruses L.D.S. semblage. of Latterday the of Christ Jesus Church earth's starving, said, people he and saw He

New York, Washington, D.C., and "Let gold remain unmined and harvest Saints.

Virginia will participate in the wheat, let granaries be stored, in stout And participate will Smith President as will the United States program, eat."in the future That and man nowit may

also, will Dr. as these services Marine band. the the at thus of him spoke Through wisdom

Lord. John A. Widtsoe of the Council of

pioneer, statesman, friend Prophet, of man inspired to the Twelve and John D. Giles of and taught God he whomQn Sunday, May 28, 1950, a Was monument to Brigham Young plan. The Improvement Era staff.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HAULING STEERS TO THE STOCKYARDS

For tough, heavy jobs you need a tough, heavy truck! Like this Ford F-5

Platform with Stock Racks. It has a Bonus Built bridgetype platform

frame... side rails are riveted to steel cross girders. And for flashing power plus top economy only Ford offers you a V-8 truck engine!

DELIVERING CITY PAPERS ON TIME

For stopand-go rural and city traffic no other truck compares with this Ford F-2 Express with its thrifty, 95-h.p. Six engine!

It's strong and dependable because it's Bonus* Built...

easy on upkeep, light on gas and oil because it's Economy

Engineered. "Test Drive"it at your Ford Dealer's this week! Small jobs..

*BONUS: "Something given in addition to

what is usual or strictly due"—Webster.

i AMER|cfls n es heres r re value d f D truck why ur y LLflR m - i i in of Sixes V-8's over two and models by A choice saves two 175 more * I jM Ma Vfe job better the ignition Loadomatic alloy saves gas I Aluminum * w AMH Mm. mm m bJPfc oil save price reductions to save * $80. money up New I... i tr mmF % fittingpistons mW% # llI m

Ford Trucking Costs Less Because—

FORDUsing latest registrationTRUCKSdata on 6,592,000 trucks, lifeLASTinsurance experts proveLONGERFord Trucks last longer!

SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER

J

JUNE 1950 495 Jhem Afre 1/vfana 1/UauS

ueue QUORUM ACTIVITY SOFTBALL Members of the 95th quorum of field, so they sent him funds to some stakes softball activities seventy in the West Jordan cover the expense of a trip to Salt IN are not progressing as they

Stake feel it is important to Lake City, where he was the guest should in either the junior or assist our neighbors if we are to of the quorum members for eighteen senior leagues.

abide by our teachings and be days. During this time he told of Stakes should take advantage of

blessed. the many fine results he was able to this splendid opportunity for good

During the early part of 1948 accomplish through the efforts of fellowship to create more activity this quorum felt their activities were this quorum. Climaxing his visit among quorum members.

not sufficient to satisfy their ambiwas a big quorum social held on The experience of the past year tions.more—ifIt possiblewas theirtodesiresponsorto doa membersNovemberand3, 1949,their wives.attended by the hasstakesshownare enthusiasticits real value.aboutMostthe

missionary to carry our great mesDuring the spring of 1949 this results obtained. Members of the

sage to the world. After some energetic quorum wanted another priesthood who were not active in

delay in endeavoring to find a project. They rented a twentyquorum affairs, or were not attendworthy stake member who was uneight-acre farm which they planted ing sacrament and other meetings

able to finance himself, it was deentirely to wheat, with the result that for various reasons, participated in cided to answer the appeal from they harvested a $1,900.00 crop, the softball and found themselves

President Arwell L. Pierce, of the with a net profit of over $1,000.00 getting acquainted with new people

Mexican Mission, to sponsor native after all expenses were paid. and enjoying the association of

missionaries. Accordingly, arrangeWhen the decision was made to other quorum members more than

ments were made with President finance a missionary in the field, they had in a long time. It was

Pierce to sponsor Elder Narciso they had but $65.00 in their treasnot long before many of them reSandoval of San Gabriel, Puebla, ury. After completion of their farm established themselves in quorum

Mexico. project and payment of all expenses affairs and are now valuable memPractically the entire cost of Elof the missionary, they still have bers.

der Sandoval's mission was financed over $800.00 indicating the Lord In many instances, nonmembers

by each member of the quorum condoes bless his servants if they will who were invited to play so appretributing one dollar each month for but take advantage of the opporciated the good, clean association in this purpose. tunities which are given to them. this sport that they have now beAfter fulfilling a very successful The members of the 95th quorum come affiliated with this Church.

mission, Elder Sandoval was reof seventy feel greatly blessed for While this is a splendid opporleased at the Lamanite Conference what little effort they put forth in tunity to interest these brethren, our held in Mesa, Arizona, in October these activities. Even though this interest in them should not stop

1949, where he was met by his wife quorum is composed of groups from there. They should be made to feel

and three children. Here Elder five different wards, the members that they are an essential part of

Sandoval and his wife were privifound no great obstacles in carrythe group in other quorum activileged to go to the temple and be ing out these projects. The enties and socials.

sealed to one another and have their thusiasm of the presidency carried The time is short. If there are

children sealed to them. forth to the members and has restakes who have not yet organized

Not entirely satisfied with these sulted in such a fine spirit of cotheir softball teams, they should do efforts, the quorum members desired operation that they are arranging to so at once so they may be eligible to meet personally the man who had plant the twentyeight acre farm to participate in the playoffs.

represented them in the mission again this year. All holders of the Melchizedek

Members of the 95th quorum of seventy and their wives.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ieavier on the gas and is slower to apply the brakes. Yes, used moderately or immoderately, alcohol makes one a poor

driver.

Heretofore it has been thought that when the alcohol concentration it could 0.05 percent, in blood the was NO LIQUOR - TOBACCO COLUMN the drinker that was definitely held be

not under the influence of alcohol, and

Conducted bu <UJr. doiepk *jr. ern that not until the alcohol concentration was 0.15 percent might he be

THIS IS ELECTION YEAR the primaries and elections all candidefinitely so charged. Now, revision

dates who favor them. We hope of this standard is indicated, and the

Touring the summer and early fall, that appropriate actions to accomplish threshold of impairment should be candidates for many offices in these defeats will be taken wherever considerably lower. Say the investievery state of the American Union will necessary. gators:

be nominated for the election in "The threshold of impairment of

November. ( September in Maine. AS THEODORE ROOSEVELT SAW IT driving ability in expert drivers is an

Every one who has the privilege of alcohol concentration of 0.35 to 0.40

voting, if he or she is devotedly loyal The tombstones marking the tragedies of per mil in the blood."This would

to this country, will want to vote and statesmanship should almost all bear the correspond to a percentage of 0.035

inscription The same LATE.""TOO 0.040. to is will so, if this feasible. But do

is that of than for this 990 more reason Supreme Court of Arizona, in it The not, that loyalty does demands, in the as nation have people 1,000 the every voter inform himself as best he may their first and constant interest their next the case of Steffani vs. State, held:

on the issues involved and the charmeal, their clothing, their mate, their home acter of the candidates? The welland children, and only a few give thought The expression, "under the influence of

being of the republic requires that to the structure of the society in which intoxicating liquor,"covers not only all conrecognized the wellknown and easily live. Republic was American they The efficient shall honest, administrations

intoxication, but of ditions degrees and leaders. of handful created a by When in exist unit governmental every condition physical or mental abnormal any it is for difficult wrong, goes the crowd local national. as as well such But in is result of indulging the any wnich it right. to set But insight the with few

will certainly unless the case not be the If liquors. intoxicating of... degree is front the astray the and crowd when

has shall of the type automobile indicated voters of driver the of do ability an it over foot sees has one suddenly rank their duty by going to the polls. the precipice, its realization of the imbeen lessened in the slightest degree by

liquors, then the intoxicating of use fear the cause a is the priceless minent danger Personal wave of freedom may influence. is under the driver deemed the crowd. Then through back to spread heritage vouchsafed the founding by

its opportunity lastminute has leadership all fathers of republic to our lawmatter, the howof significance The the set the to turn it on and around crowd its living abiding people within borders. the to farther than ever, extends much fails leadership right often course. Too Unfortunately, there are however, now then problem. arise, to driving act and or to enough, soon

living in country our evilminded many must statesmanship of must another tragedy statesman the who about What excessively selfishminded and persons Late."inscription the tombstone bear "Too determine decisions which make who would change our laws and set That is what the prophet Isaiah meant dreadful issue of peace or war? the

conditions up wholly be there that would he said, is no vision, "Where when legislator the who must about What perish."foreign 29:18.) (Prov. the people of the guarto and destructive to in regard his vote decide upon

antees given us by the divinelyinspired legislation which determines broad

Constitution of the United States. WHAT EXPERIENCE SHOWS economic policies involving the welCandidates for office in sympathy with fare of every man, woman, and child

Dr. Gerber, will twelve Samuel such conditions with seek the support

nation? in the

years'the of experience as all during voters. coroner lovers Let freeof military commander the about What 27,- investigated which he of than righteous more and laws be dom aware! or he not whether decide must who deaths, is "Eternal says: 000 vigilance the of price to prepare or flank the shall attack on

liberty."this Let forgotten. not be

center? I in the attack sustain an What the recognize that alcoholic chronic of the matters in have One mind we

is national health a grave deproblem. But the whose naval commander about

is the that will attempt in be made study that experience and convince victory, my me or defeat cision mean may state legislatures legalize to some the the socalled is "moderate"drinker a graver the plunge world error whose and may sale liquor least of the far as drink,"as the are accidents "by problem—at and blood into of a Age Dark new concerned. slot operation of other machines and

gambling devices, and parimutuel Undoubtedly, it is the man, or woman, tyranny?

betting on horse races. Specious arguwho has only a few drinks, who creates What about the obscure enlisted

the accidents. most assures everyone, He intoxication beerinduced whose man Will for ments laws. such be made The including himself, isn't that he drunk, and in intelligence""military become may willunwary thoughtless and be won increased with selfconfidence, the "under staff the of headquarters the enemy? over to favor laws. the such But influence of alcohol"has reaction a slower

-safest and best way to prevent the to time. Evidence demonstrates that when Perhaps drunkenness is, over all,

/making of these laws is to defeat in he is at the wheel of a car, his foot is less of a menace to the social, economic, and political welfare of the nation than the moderate drinking drinking—which Priesthood or male members of the are eligible to play in the junior thetakesverythe finemoderateedge off

Church over twentyone years of league. Under certain conditions of leadership, which impairsthe judgmentdecision

..age in senior play league. the may decision is essential. Perhaps are invited to particiwhere nonmembers

of the All male Church, members "moderate drinking"is the major pate. to inclusive,.ages twelve eighteen problem rather than alcoholism.

JUNE 1950 497

Youth Speaks

My Courtship Must Be Beautiful

Definition Of "Family"In Ward Teaching

BETTY 44VI/hat constitutes a family from the standpoint of ward teaching"is a

BRYCE problem confusing to some bishops. The term family is a collective

word and does not specify any given number. With so many unusual family

and individual combinations, it is difficult to establish a ruling or formulate a policy to fit every circumstance. The examples given here are common to

most bishops, and while there may not be an answer to every question arising, the illustrations used will cover by far the majority of cases and establish to some extent uniformity of interpretation in this regard.

(Excerpts from an address delivered by Betty Bryce during a recent quarThe Following Are Classified as Two or More Families* terly conference of the St. Joseph

Stake, Arizona.

1. Married children living with their parents

HPhe ideal courtship is made up of 2. Widows, widowers, or divorced members having children, and living

the contributions of a young man with their parents and a young woman giving of their 3. Widows, widowers, or divorced members having children, but living

best, honoring and respecting each with a brother or a sister other always. An ideal courtship is 4. Two or more single men who are members, living together (one family

creative and elevating. From such for each individual)

a courtship comes or more a love that is pure 5. Two single women who are members, living together (one famin the sight of God. ily for individual) each

Chastity would be the rule of conduct, for "How glorious and near to the angels is youth that is clean."The Following Are Classified as One Family!

I want my courtship to be beautiful it is prethe the foundation,because 1. in Children, family, nine one under of age, years not baptized, but who to event step the sacredparatory most blessed, have been having one or both parents are nonmembers who

in the of houseof my life—marriage 2. in Children, family, one have baptized, been having who one or both It will marriage notthe a Lord. be

for time only but for all eternity as parents who are nonmembers well. 3. Members living alone regardless of age

Only through marriage in the temple 4. Brothers or sisters or combinations of both, living together but not

can we obtain the highest degree of living with parents glory in the celestial kingdom of God. 5. Member who is married, without children, whose husband or wife is

Is this not what we are working for? a nonmember

to beautiful courtship be I want my 6. living Children all with parents where are members of the Church

I marriage to bebecause want my 7. living with a An unmarried member family nonmember reservabeautiful. no be must There

tions in the love, esteem, and admiration and companion between my Following Constitute me The Do Not a Family, but Are Included as Members of altar, at kneel the marriagewhen we the Family with They Reside: Whom that the choice has been madeknowing

thoughtfully and prayerfully and that our Heavenly Father smiles down with 1. Aged members who are widows, widowers, or divorced, and because

divine approval. of illness or infirmity, live with one of their children, or a brother, or a

In the home that will someday be sister, or a grandchild mine I wish to claim the blessings 2. Unmarried grandchildren living with grandparents who are members

that the priesthood brings into the 3. Unmarried children living with their aunts or uncles who are members

home, for enduring joy is built upon 4. Aged members who are unmarried, living with married brothers or

spiritual ideals. sisters who are members

too, are a part of My parents, or divorced widowers, my 5. Widows, members not having children and living

I theircourtship. advice seek can and with their are members parents who

difficulties in arise thatcounsel may is notduring this important period of my 6. Students attending school away from home, whose membership

life. I want to honor them by living transferred to the ward in which they are temporarily living

what they have taught me in my youth, 7. Members living in L.D.S. homes where they are employed

fulfilling the trust they place in me as A member living in an infirmary or a public institution is not considered as their daughter and as a young woman. a family. Members in these institutions should be visited by ward teachers

I want a marriage built upon the from the ward in which they are a member of record, if the institution is not firm rock of faith, love, purity, and too far removed, and if the member would be strengthened as a result of the obedience to the laws of God. visit.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA & j-repared bif <=JLee Xr. j-aitmer tunmiftm%

Canadc Latterday Saint Girls Establish 100 Percent Attendance Records

Challenging Records /"irls appearing in the photographs below have maintained a perfect record of attendance at sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and Y.W.M.I.A.

from one to three years.

MAXINE

PILLING

GRANITE (UTAH) STAKE presents eighteen of the nineteen girls who have records of one hundred years. three to from one of the Leavitt attendance percent is a member Maxine

Richins, two; two; Patricia Hanson, Curtis, two; Heloyce Sarah years; Verde, two row: Joy Front and Stake (Canada) Alberta three; Ruth Verde, Gloria Trautter, three; Ward, three; Palmer, Marilyn James, Betty three; Durtschi, Gladys

two. (absent) of record a perfect maintained has Remington,. Cleo Alexander, Janet Christensen, James, Faye only; Connie row: One year Second

White. Barbara Haynes, Laura meeting, Jean SunAnn Jorgensen, at sacrament Poulsen, Karma Burton, attendance Darlene Carman, Beverly

day School, and Y.W.M.I.A. for two

years. Maxine's parents report, "She

goes because she enjoys her meetings so much."May we add that Maxine's

reason for attending her meetings is a challenge to others to develop the FILLMORE WARD, MILsame reason for going to Church. LARDsix girls(UTAH)withSTAKE,perfectboastsattendance records tor two

years or more.

Front row: Norma Hunter,

Betty Jo Hatton, Joyce Marshall.

Back row: Lamon Mellville, Helen Verhaaren, Hylda

Rasmussen. RAY MILLER HARDY

Ray is a member of the Stirling

Ward, Taylor Stake ( Canada ). In

addition to having a one hundred percent attendance record at sacrament meeting, priesthood meeting, Sunday

School, and Y.M.M.I.A. for two years,

he has passed the sacrament in both

Sunday School and sacrament meeting every Sunday during that time. Here

is another example of devotion to duty.

L.D.S. Girl leaders

atpercent list of girls with one hundred the to twentyfour added (UTAH) STAKE RIVER BEAR after "Letting making down records. tendance

Lamb. is quitting."cannot Archibald, "Charlene Josephson, good Nielson, Edna Marie Shaffer, Anna Renee row: Front LuAnn We

Cutler, Rose Petersen, Ann Beverly Grover, Cannon, Marie Castleton, Marie row: Second Mary let until is finour work down Larkin. Louise Phyllis

Sorensen. Phyllis Arbon, Cleo Carol Mann, Sorensen, Gam, Nancy Leah Joan Nish, Third row: ished June 30, 1950.

Carter. from photo, Absent Louise Palmer, Larkin, JoLayne King, Emma row: Marlene LaNez Back

Carol Lynn Capener, Orlene Sorensen, Barbara Elmer.

JUNE 1950 499

Israel"is deeply rooted in France,

FRENCH MISSION 1850 - 1950 that they need only to be given the ( Continued from page 483 in France itself, but there has never chance to hear the message of the ence of packing up the mission and been the concentration of missiongospel. He was further convinced

moving it from country to countryary effort there that there has been of this when two elders proposed depending on the political, ecoin the other two countries. that he come to Reims, France,

nomic, and social conditions. Today, France is hearing the where they were working {a town

Before the arrival of President gospel. President Barker had alwith no members), and speak at a

and Sister Barker in May 1946, ways believed that the "blood of public meeting answering the quesPresident Ezra Taft Benson of the

European Mission went to Paris at a time when housing was scarce and automobiles impossible to buy.

a Within he arranged day or two orawina an J beautiful to apartment rent a in one 3 of the best sections of Paris and bought three of the first cars to be made in postwar France, one for FORGETTING the European and one each for & BY RICHARD L EVANS the French and Dutch missions. \

President and Sister Barker's \ e often hear the phrase, "Forgive and forget."But first few months in Europe were W how much is "forgetting"a part of "forgiving"?

spent unraveling military and govThere is no one who does not sometime need to be forernment details, locating lost mem-? given, and there is no one who does not hope that his

bers, distributing welfare supplies,? errors will be forgotten. But a verbally proffered forgiveand trying to make postwartime raness comes much easier than an actually accomplished

tions stretch over three meals. forgetfulness. And if every time we are miffed, we remind

One cannot imagine the tremen- a man of all his past mistakes, we haven't fully forgiven.

dous amount of good that came from People cannot live together in happiness until their difthe welfare supplies that were ferences are settled. And differences are not settled so

shipped to the French Mission from long as they are bitterly remembered. Of course, we may

Salt Lake City. The moral assay that we can make ourselves forgive, but we cannot

sistance was as great as the mamake ourselves forget. But we do have some control over

terial. An unfortunate occurrence forgetfulness as well as over remembrance. We cannot

in January 1947—the loss of $3,478 will our minds to be a blank. But we can crowd out some

worth of welfare goods in a warethoughts with other thoughts. In some measure, at least,

house fire near Paris—brought we can select our thoughts. Of course, the offender has

sharply to mind the efficiency of some obligations also, and if sincere forgiveness is exthe welfare committee in Salt Lake pected, sincere repentance should be offered. People

City. Only fifteen days after the can't move forward on a new footing if the old false footfire, President Barker was notified ing is always there to stumble over. And we also have it

that a duplicate shipment of welon good authority that he who expects forgiveness must fare supplies had already left Salt be forgiving: For "if ye forgive not men their trespasses,

Lake for Le Havre to replace the neither will your Father forgive your trespasses."1 If -we

burned supplies. Since the burned see ever before us the picture of former offenses, then

supplies had been under the proevery present prospect will be marred with old marks. If

tection of the French relief orwe let the snarled past continually tangle the present, ganization, the loss was later rethere isn't much chance for unfettering the future. There

funded to the Church by the French is little hope of walking in new ways so long as stumbling government. blocks from the paths of the past are constantly strewn

The hard work and devotion before us. If there are those who have past grievances

spent in years past have added up and who want to walk together again, they will literally to the healthy condition that the have to learn to forget as well as to say that they forgive.

French Mission is in today. The If they would find a new footing of faith and confidence

percentage of conversions comand understanding, they must learn to leave some things pared with the number of missionbehind. It isn't always easy to forgive, and it is still more

aries working in the mission has difficult to forget, but no one has done either completely always been high. unless he has earnestly tried to do both.

Although the greatest percentage 1Matthew 6:15

of in membership has always been

itBelgium and Switzerland, is not "% S>pokien UU"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE because the French people are not PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD- 2, 1950 CASTING SYSTEM, APRIL receptive to the gospel message. Copyright. King Features

During the past hundred years there have been many missionaries 500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion, "What is Mormonism?"The

missionaries had rented a hall with seats for about sixty people. By

the time the meeting was to start,people were standing in the aisles, hfcjMSttbisjand the missionaries were forced (| to move to a small theater seating about 270. The theater soon filled

up, leaving almost one hundred people standing in the aisles and out in the hall. At the end of the

lecture they remained in their places and asked questions for more than an hour, not leaving until the lights were turned out.

This first public lecture held in

October 1947 was the beginning of a constant round of lectures given in all parts of France, Switzerland, and Belgium.

The "public meeting"in the French Mission has been found to be one of the most profitable ways of counteracting bad publicity and correcting false impressions and fables that have grown up about NOW Available on Models "22,""30,""44,"and "44-6"tractors, the L. D. S. people. As a result the MasseyHarris Depth-O-Matic System that makes it a "snap"

of various types of public meetings to raise and lower implements... to angle gangs... to operate

since missionary work has begun manure loaders, bulldozers... to do by hydraulic power what

anew, the papers have carried you now do by muscle power.

stories and even frontpage headlines about the L. D. S. missionaries, President Barker, and the There's more of everything in MasseyAnd you have this convenient hydraulis tractor in the.. whether ic power Harris Tractors more power... theircorrect work. Renature of

still. or standing motion.. conveniences more. more. economy of missionseveralcently groups

. efficient operation... more is just control Depth-O-Matic Thearies musical presented programs

in all parts of the mission, receiving There's no better example of this than anotherfarmers reasonare "Makingwhy moreit a andMasseymore press writeups and radio invitathe MasseyHarris Depth-O-Matic Harris."Among the six basic models

fit your farm,tions almost everywhere they went. mentsSystemandfor raisingholding andthemloweringto theirimplejob. there'syour crops,a sizeyourand typepurpose.to

One newspaperman, when shown some of the unsolicited publicity and enthusiastic response of newsAsk your nearest dealer for a FREE DEMONSTRATION papers in France, Switzerland, and

Belgium, was astonished at the of a new MASSEYHARRIS TRACTOR on your farm.

amount and quality of the writeUTAH COLORADO ups. Delta—Hunsaker Motor Co.

Luis Valley San Alamosa—The Implement Co.

Welding Works & H the Heber-M has This part of Europe now Craig—Brinkley Hardware Hoyt's Store Kamas—of the hearingopportunity TaberService Sales Service & Meeker—Wayne Logan—Farm

nacle Choir and short commentaries Monticello—Randall & Barton Pleasant View—J. C. Denton

in their own language. Since NorthBaughOgdenRepairand &Sunset—Farm Service San Luis—San Luis Lumber & Supply Co.

Christmas day, 1948, the Chaine Payson—Allan's Farm Equipment

Nationale of Radio Diffusion FranParowan—Parowan Service Co. WYOMING Brothers Richfield—Harward stacaise, largest the broadcasting

Strafe's Spring Garage City—Tractor Implement Co. & Afton—Valley in Paris, out a fifteention sends St. Service St. Co. George George—

Feed Company Casper—Noland

Co. Implement Tremonton—Valley choir ofminute recorded program

Sales Co. Sandal!) Sheridan—Coffeen (Wayne

and organ music each Sunday morning at nine fifteen. Intermoantain Distributor

The type and quality of missionary work being done in the French WESTERN MACHINERY COMPANY

Mission today is of the highest 748 West 8th South Salt Lake City 13, Utah standard. Of course one of the

greatest difficulties in a foreign n is the language.country - HARRIS In the!%% MAKE IT A MASSEY the missionariesFrench Mission

(Concluded on following page) JUNE 1950 501

SALT LAKE CITY

French Mission 1850 - 1950 Lambert Roofing Co.,

"ENJOY YOURSELF 1718 South State Street (Concluded from preceding page) It's later than you think!"* Fuller Paint Store,

21 1 South State Street are speaking, writing, and thinkTAKE A VACATION TREMONTONTri-State Lumber Co.

ing Students French.""good who VERNAL—Ashton Bros. Co.

for the express to Francecome the of studying languagepurpose of TOUR NEVADA the high standardseldom reach

French in the same length of time Chicago Fair ELY—Ely Painters'Supply

that the average missionary does. 10 Days $83.60

is inpart to the deepThis due in OREGON California Days $ 60.65

that Sisterterest President and B. Moss NYSSADon

64.65 Yellowstone DayS took in the type of workBarker ONTARIOOntario Paint & Glass * inthat missionary each does—Historic East ys 175.80 D

his responsito realizehelping each

Pacific Coast Days 82.50 WYOMINGbility gospel of in the presenting Tax) (Fares from Salt Lake—Add

S. Call AFTONChas.the best manner possible... throughout others. and many Lumber Co. EVANSTONTri-State Mexico and America, Canada,

There is no one better qualified KEMMERER than President Barker to help the Transportation, hotel acSmith BrosFurniture & Hardware and specialmissionary with his French and commodations for ROCK SPRINGS sightseeing all includedespecially the pronunciation, since one low cost Superior Lumber Co.

he has spent many years in France doing research in the language and SEE YOUR GREYHOUND AGENT IDAHO TODAY!

of the departformerly headwas BLACKFOOT—Anderson Lumber Co. at the - OVER L AN D of foreign languagesment

BOISE result, of aUniversity Utah. U As O G R EYH Store, Annin's Suburban

in section mission thethere is no LINES TRANSIT Operated by INTERSTATE Fairview Avenue 5014 where missionaries are working that and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. Fuller Paint Store,

they are not known for their *6y permissionMorris & ofCo.,copyrightInc., Newowners,York. E. H. 817 West Idaho Street

"amazing ability"in the French EMMETT—Radke Furniture Co.

language. GOODING—Anderson Lumber Co.

Today the highest number of missionaries ever to be in the UTAH

French Mission at one time are AMERICAN FORK actively engaged in missionary enBarratt Builders'Supply MODERN DECORATING HELP deavor, and response to missionary BRIGHAM CITY FROM MODERN -MINDED activity is at an alltime high. TriState Lumber Co. MERCHANTS DELTA—TriState Lumber Co.

of the French The condition results HEBER CITYAshton's Consult this list of the in 1950 reflectsMission of missionary work started one LOGAN Fuller ColorPlanning Dealers hundred years ago—when PresiLeonSpecialtiesStucki BuildingCo.—look for this Fuller

aboutdent remarked John Taylor the MAGNA approved store emblem! held in Paris ona conference Central Lumber & Hdwe. Co.same day that France was voting

for Louis Napoleon for president: MIDVALE

Williams Building Supply Co.

IDAHO FALLS... at the very time they [the French MILFORD—TriState Lumber Co. Fuller Paint Store, 430 B St.

president, for their voting Co. Barker Glass werepeople] MURRAY—Lumber Co. KETCHUMKetchum president; for our voting and werewe OGDEN

I of the and kingdom God;building up Lincoln Ave. NAMPA Ken Knauss, 2667 Fuller Paint Store, cause stand that our wouldprophesied

when theirs was crushed to pieces; and the Fuller Paint Store, 11 2-1 2th Ave. South

Blvd. 2372 Washington will roll spread on and of Godkingdom PARMA—Peckham Furniture Co. kingdom from to nation and Lumberfrom nation & Hdwe. OREM—Simmons

POCATELLOto kingdom. {Life of John Taylor, B. H. PAYSON Lumber Co. AndersonRoberts. Burdick Lumber & Hardware Co.

Ostler Paint & Glass GROVE The corps of missionaries believe PLEASANT Pleasant Grove Lumber & Hdwe. REXBURG—Rexburg Hardware

L. Woolf, President Goldenwith Lee Hardware RIGBY—PROVO President succeeded has nowwho Lumber Co. RUPERT—Anderson E. Wright Alma is Israel of that the bloodBarker,

DixonTaylor-Russell FALLSArt Hoggan Co. TWIN in FrenchFrance andto found be

Co. WENDELLspeaking countries—and they are SPANISH FORKJex Lumber

finding it. SPRINGVILLEUtah Service, Inc. Williams Builders'& Farm Supply

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The only difficult thing about decorating is to

Make up your mind NOWFULLER MAKES THAT d53,T00!

Easy to make up your color schemes! Easy to harmonize with fabric colors!

Whatever the source of your color Shop with your Color Plan folder!

furwith paint colors actual Compare wallpaper pictures, ideas—lampshades draperies, fabrics, niture colors from wall select fabrics or magazine—Prevents time. Saves and ceramics. Case. Fuller's Jewel in hundreds

Insert your chosen Jewel Case color errors. Stops nagging uncertainty

swatches in this Color Plan folder! because you're colorsure as you buy!

Easy to get ALL these decorating helps!

Look for this emblem on your Dealer's door or window. That Dealer gives ALL

Fuller's decorating aids—FREE! For

the most, and most modern, decorating help—that's a "good place to go!"

Easy to get practical painting knowhow!

folders give "Howto-Paint".-> Fuller's for stepby-step directions approved

every job. Make any painting easy

for anybody. Used for years by thousands. Get the folders you need—free

FIRST FOR COLOR!

JUNE 1950 503 v-5un Shepherd, Cdilof TODAY'S

Paintings, Pictures, and

Wall Decorations

dJ>u Uerta vSirrell

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ART IN HOME

ECONOMICS, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Do lovelinessthe walls toofyouryourhome?rooms add

Much of the charm of a lovely home is due either to beautiful paintings and pictures which grace the walls, or it is due to the use of modern wall treatments which give beauty to the home although they to some extent limit the use of paintings and pictures.—Photograph courtesy The Deseret News.

Builders and decorators are now stressing textured wall surfaces.

Some of these wall surfaces which There are other tendencies in are heavily framed (they may or may be unsuitable as backgrounds modern architecture which limit the may not have shelves), and usualfor pictures are: glass walls use of paintings in the home, too; ly contain either floral arrange-

(frosted, corrugated, or transparfor example, large picture windows ments, growing plants, figurines, or ent); roughtextured walls (brick, eliminate wall space and may serve collector's items of various types

handcut stone, sandblasted wood, as paintings themselves. Some (such as a collection of Indian pottwisted hemp squares); and indoor decorators are substituting shadow tery). To add to their interest in

planted areas (which serve as boxes (which are built in the wall) the room, these shadow boxes often room partitions). for paintings. These shadow boxes (Continued on page 510)

BLUEPRINT FOR hSeturfUt

you bubbling over with health, enthusiasm, and good will? The story

will be told in your smile.

But this is not all. When lips

part in a smile, other inside secrets on the list of "musts"for are betrayed—namely, we hope,

Highthe sparkling American girl is two rows of even, white teeth; for

teeth also have a tale to tell. They a radiant smile—a smile that

speaks the secrets of inner happiinfluence looks, speech, health, and ness and wholesomeness; for a personality.

smile, it is said, is not restricted to Why do some people have pearly the face. It is the expression of the white teeth and Others have yellow

whole body; it is an advertisement and decaying teeth? Very few peoof the stock which lines our mental ple in our civilized world grow to

shelves. Do your feet hurt? It adulthood with perfect teeth, and

will show in your smile. Are you when they do, there's a reason.

filled with pride and vanity? Your For instance, there is a relation-

—Photograph courtesy Harold M. smile will give you away; or are ship between the amount of amStudios. Lambert

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA monia in the saliva and the number of cavities in the teeth. A few

people, three or four in a hundred, produce this ammonia in their systems to the extent that it prevents decay. Also, fluorine compounds

are being used with success today to keep teeth in good condition, but this treatment must be given during childhood to be effective.

There's another reason for good teeth, too, but first let's talk about the simple rules of cleanliness which are a part of every beauty program.

The object of brushing the teeth is to dislodge bits of food between them, break up gummy patches of starchy food which furnish feeding grounds for acidforming bacteria, and to polish. Everyone should

be able to raise the right hand in loyalty to the daily toothbrushing program. Dental authorities say

that a solution of three parts baking soda and one part salt is as good a cleanser as any other, but many prefer commercial dentifrices because of their flavor and because they seem to polish better. The

only difference between a tooth paste and a powder is one of convenience. Some prefer one; some,

the other. No cleanser used on the

teeth should be gritty, however, as The makers of Improved FelsNaptha Soap believe this may damage tooth enamel. The that any housekeeper will understand the plain

antiseptic value of tooth powders, facts about whiteness and cleanness, stated below:

pastes, and mouth washes is extremely questionable, and warm salt Improved FelsNaptha contains the finest ingredients that give water fulfils all the requirements of your washes extra, brilliant whiteness. And FelsNaptha also

it combines thea mouth wash, except that it is gives you cleaner, sweeter washes—because

not pleasant tasting. Nature has EXTRA WASHING ENERGY of TWO GREAT CLEANERS

given us our own mouth wash, the—good, golden soap and gentle, active naptha.

saliva, which is an excellent neutralizer of acids. But it is not cleanJust Remember This: ONLY IMPROVED FELSNAPTHA SOAP

ing powders and pastes which prevent decay or make dull teeth GIVES YOU THESE THREE WASHDAY ADVANTAGES:

sparkling white. It is something 1. Mild, golden soap.

else. 2. Gentle, active naptha.

In 1932 Dr. Weston A. Price, a 3. Finer "Sunshine"Ingredients

retired American dentist, took an extended trip over much of the that give white things world to study the dental condition extra, brilliant whiteness of people whose living habits difmake washable colors fered from ours. In the Loetschenbrighter than new.

tal Valley, Switzerland, he found a village of people who lived on whole milk, cheese, butter, whole cereal, withrye bread and meat IMPROVED people These a week.about once

had no dentists, and they had been taught little about the use of a toothbrush. But it was necessaryto. examine three children to find FelsNapthat Soap

(Continued on following page) BA/V/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY

JUNE 1950 505

Blueprint for Beauty ATMST- (Continued from preceding page one decayed tooth! In other areas A NEW KIND OF COOKBOOK

he found that there were only 2.3 None of the recipes in this book

cavities for each one hundred chilrequires the use of wines or liquors dren's teeth examined. On the other

hand, in villages where modern transportation had brought modern white flour, highly sweetened fruit, jams and jellies, there were 20.2 Over 1500 Timecavities a hundred. Tested & QualityInvestigators in wartorn Italy Tested Recipes

after the last war found that alPrepared by Thouthough food had been scarce and wivessands Throughoutof Housemany deficiency diseases (includthe Country.

ing gingivitis which may lead to pyorrhea) were in evidence, there was little tooth decay. And all

reports indicated that very little sugar was in the diet. Even before INGLEN00K

the war, dental caries had been low in Italy, but their yearly consumption of sugar was only eighteen COOKBOOKThis book is more than a collection of pounds per person—while we in recipes. It is a guide to all home food

the United States were gormandizproblems. Generations of American

ing at the rate of 103 pounds a housewivestry have contributedfrom all partstheirofexperiencethe counperson. And this is not hard to and knowhow to this book. Every recbelieve when we stop and realize ipewithandyou,dishtheis preparedaverage andhousewife,explainedin

SURPRISING THINGS ARE HAPPENING that three teaspoons of sugar daily mind. There are no fancy, impractical

amount to twelve pounds a year! ideas and recipes in this book. It's all honestto-goodness, wholesome home

TO OLD FAMILIAR FOODS! Then consider the cupfuls used cooking.

in daily baking, preserving, sweetwith to do everything Covers cater to saladhaters, who You in ening, addition to the "extras"planning meal and cooking is for you. Ac'cent of You lovers eaten meals, between covered subjects and of the can some are we Here gourmets, you try proud basic cookbook: remarkable in this food—visualize as rich our mouths a Ac'cent too and cakes breads, beverages, cookery?

Ac'cent is like nothing you've grazingground for acidforming cookies, frostings and fillings, candy, ever known. Not a flavoring (it bacteria; for it is the action of canning, cereals, dairy products, desadds no flavor of its own), Ac'cent bacteria on starches and sugars dishes,serts andleftovers,dessert sauces,mealinternationalplanning,

intensifies the good natural flavors in the mouth that causes these meats, onedish meals, pies, salads and vegein soups, in poultry, already meats, sandwiches, dressings, foods—enameleating to acids form. Few section on a cookery, invalid tables, gravies, vegetables. soups, people can convert starch into (useful for quantities large in cooking this In working wonder, some helpof besides pages in cafeteria), acid the is the mouth, but acid proscientists say, also urges Ac'cent in the firstaid like information ful duced from sugar as almost soon taste appreciabuds the outdoor keener to a lunches, packing kitchen,

tion of food flavors. as it is eaten. It reaches maximum meals, etc. Also included is a meat

cuts of meat, various the showing chart strength minutes. in a few BrushYou can buy Ac'cent (a 99+% comfood time, baking of endpapers the teeth as a pure in ing measure of glutamate monosodium measures list, and weights and proputing

crystal form) in many grocery stores. tection then, must be done imof common foods. Bound in waterIf you can't find it in your vicinity, mediately after eating. resistant cloth.

drop us a card. Amino Products It's Practical—It's Home -Tested—Division, Dept. 1-6, International So-o-o—the irresistible smile of It's Reliable AND It's All Yours For a

Minerals & Chemical Corporation, beauty means less candy, ice Free Examination At Our Expense 20 N. Wacker Drive, Chicago 6, 111. cream, and soda pop for young and MAIL COUPON BELOW TODAY!

old. (The average sixounce bottle

In handy shakers of pop contains four teaspoons of EXAMINE IT FOR 10 TEN DAYS sugar, bottles and most pop are FRi larger It that.) than that means

Dept. 35 HARPER & BROTHERS,

to smiles our be a pleasif we want N.Y 16, Street, East 33rd New York 49

Please send INGLENOOK me 10 for EXAMIFREE DAYS'Gentlemen:COOKBOOK

will I remit that time Within NATION. mates antdownmemoryon sweetsfor andothers,obey wethe folcut

charges, mailing cents $2.00 few plus a ifood lowing: return the book postpaid. or

,—1, Brush the teeth after each Name——: meal and before going to bed at Address.

StateZone. City night. singly coupon. with If enclose payment you riwn

charges. will pay mailing publisher jAVt! 2. Remove food particles lodged Reg. U.S. Pat. Off. Trade Mark "Ac'cent"privilege. return Same

between the teeth with dental floss.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

teeth 3. Have malformed

straightened a re- *-4*W! -:fj>*Mii SM during youth by

liable dentist.

4. Visit dentist the regularly. What are $%6Se m!z&- made of? 5. diet. Eat a good balanced

{ See the March Blueprint [or OUGAR and spice and always easy for babies to in its because, sealed that's digest; nice... everything Beauty.

is container, Milk Sego the nursery rhyme what surely free from harmful says. But what will really germs.

make your little girl, now just a tiny baby, grow up There is another big reason why Sego Milk is a lively and strong and favored form of milk for happy? babies—it contains pure

First, and most imporvitamin Da—the sunshine

it's the comtant, is the milk you give vitamin. And

her because milk supplies bination of vitamin D and the minerals she needs to the minerals of milk that to grow, to help a baby teeth and sound build well a - developed have to help bones, her make and

LET'S GO SCANDINAVIAN! the best of growth. body, sound teeth, and

bones that are straight and VS7hether it's sm0r,rebr0d in DenOf course, it must be strong.

mark, voileipapoyta in Finland, good milk. Being sure

about that isn't any probSego Milk has helped koldt bord in Norway, or smorgaslem. Doctors recommend many thousands of babies

bord in Sweden, it suggests an array Sego Milk for babies beto be well, sturdy and of appetizing dishes which are cause it is uniformly rich happy. Ask your doctor

unique to the great Scandinavian in the food substances of about Sego Milk for your cuisine; for these people have a whole milk; because it is baby

way with soups, sauces, openfaced *:*

all statements certifies that made here seal sandwiches, pastries, and other This true on as accepted by the Council been have foods which differs distinctly from Foods and Nutrition of the American Medical Assn.

ReWisconsin Alumni certifies that the seal to detertests periodic Foundation makes the western touch. A limited seThissearch

lection is presented here. Try them mine that Sego Milk diluted with an equal amount

when you want to be different. Dof perwaterquart.always gives you 400 units of vitamin J/GQ

Fruit Soup (or Pudding) muni Frugt Suppe {Budding) Use either raspberries, red currants, tart apples, ripe plums, or other tart fruit for this delicious dessert. Wash

the fruit and cover it with hot water ( about 2 inches above the fruit ). Simmer until the fruit is sufficiently cooked

to be rubbed through a coarse sieve, juice and all. To the puree, add sugar

to taste, and then reheat the mixture to boiling. For each quart of juice add Ya

cup cornstarch dissolved in a little cold water. Reduce the heat, and

stir until the mixture becomes clear and jellylike. Serve either warm or

cold with cream.

Summer Vegetable Soup ( Kesakeitto

6 small carrots, diced 1 cup green peas 1 small cauliflower, diced 4* 3 small new potatoes, quartered 6 radishes, cut in half 1 cup chopped spinach Send for this 64page baby book. A reliable guide to

Boiling water babyApprovedcare andby training,a wellknownthroughphysician.infancy to Alsochildhood....

3/2 tablespoon salt Mary Lee Taylor's latest recipe booklet. Write to:

1 tablespoon sugar SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY Salt Lake City. Utah

1 tablespoon butter Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West 1 tablespoon flour Plants a Richmond. Uich; Preston and Buhl. Idaho

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1950 507

Let's Go Scandinavian (Continued from preceding page] der. Add the spinach and cook five

1 quart milk minutes. Blend the flour and butter

1 egg yolk in a saucepan on medium heat, add the 34 cup cream milk and mix well. Beat the egg yolk

1 cup cooked and cleaned shrimps and cream together and stir into milk ( optional mixture. Then add the vegetables and

Wash and scrape the carrots, potheir liquid, then the fish. Stir till

tatoes, and radishes. Combine all hot and serve at once. This is a very

vegetables except the spinach with thick soup and is served in Finland as R5UWY boiling water to which the salt and a main course with openfaced sandsugar are added. Simmer until tenwiches.

OVERHEAD TYPE GARAGE DOORS Jke l\eautu Of ike for RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL RESURREC INDUSTRIAL BY RICHARD L. EVANS

BUILDINGS "And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain:

Expert Installation and when... his disciples came unto him:... he

... taught them, saying, Blessed are the poor in spirit: \

For Further Information for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they

CALL OR WRITE that mourn: for they shall be comforted. Blessed are

the meek: for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are

they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for

merciful: for they ALDER'S they shall be filled. Blessed are the

1343 So. Main Salt Lake City shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart: for

7-1531 they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers: for

they shall be called the children of God."The truth

and beauty of the Beatitudes and of all the other ethical and doctrinal teachings of Jesus the Christ would be more than reason enough for his mission among men. But his

ALL-O-WHEAT wasmissionmuchmeantmoremuchthan morea greatthanmortalmoralmind.teaching,By hisandownhis

utterance, and by all other evidence, he was the Son of CEREAL God, the Savior of mankind—in a manner which admittedThe Best and Most Healthful ly we mortals do not altogether understand—but then

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! there are so many things that are real and undeniable

which are beyond the present limits of the minds of men.

ALL-O-WHEAT But this was his mission in mortality: to give unto men a

contains these valupattern of principles that would lead to peace and progress elements able food state: and highest happiness here and hereafter—and to die in their natural

Calcium, Iron, Phos- s that men might be redeemed from death. To say that we

phorus, Thiamine, sacrifice not this for would necessity the fully understand Ri- % boflavin, VitaNiacin, in purpose the plan and somehow, true. But wholly A, min and Panto- s be

eternal is to essential man's thenic Acid. Father, it was and of our

IT'S STEEL CUT s limit, the to life without the way march. And somehow, STEEL GROUND CUTNOT all him by opened up for progress men was eternal to path

retain to all the natural goodness and highquality nutrition of wheat. Cut who did for us what we could not do for ourselves. And

to a fineness for quick cooking—an aid so we accept the reality of resurrection with settled asin avoiding loss of important food surance; and we accept as part of our Father's plan and

values. purpose the renewal of association with those we love

ALL-O-WHEAT IS for "men are, that they might have joy."And to

this to love, comfort take lost those you have you who to the Taste DELICIOUS doubt, If there be those day. this Easter hearts who your to the NUTRITIOUS Body

EASY TO PREPARE let them doubt no more. If there be those who mourn, let

VERY ECONOMICAL to use h them be comforted. If there be those who love life, let

Ask your grocer or local health store them prepare to live it—always.

today for % Jke Spokenjpoteen Wordl/l/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

ALL-O-WHEAT PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADto ALL-O-WHEAT Or Write CO. CASTING SYSTEM, APRIL 9. 1950

Utah Ogden, Copyright 1950

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA )!.

Openfaced Sandwiches

These famous sandwiches may be ERES NO made from any choice tidbits or leftovers around the house. Their variety HALFWAY

is endless.

a. Sliced hardboiled egg and tomato slices QUALITY

b. Cream cheese and minced or

radishes thinlysliced cheese and minced celery IN TUNA c. Cream

d. Cold, sliced, cooked potato,

garnished with minced chives or parsley e. Cottage cheese mixed with salad

dressing and minced chives or -Leading pediatricians agree be quick to tell you that tuna is onion that quality tuna is ideal for either delicate and delicious in spears, rolled bread f. Asparagus youngsters from 1 year on! But or it isn't! To be sure, always dresssalad with slices moistened

ing you get a fine example of "high get this famous quality brand, chair hysterics "if you comprofor only the tender light meat

Red Cabbage Salad mise on quality. "His INibs"will is packed in "Bite Size tuna!

[Rodkall salat)

1 small red cabbage 1 large apple 1 celery heart 1 cup thick cream (or cold undiluted LOOK FOR THIS FAMOUS condensed milk) THE CAN TUNA ALSO 1 lemon, juice only WITH THE AVAILABLE IN }/2 teaspoon salt GREEN SOLID PACK 1 tablespoon sugar LABEL Wash and grate the cabbage. Cut

apple in small pieces and chop the Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

celery fine. To the whipped cream

add lemon juice, salt, and sugar. The

dressing goes on the salad.

Salmon and Vegetable Salad ( Laxmajonas )

\ x/2 cups cold cooked salmon 2 ripe tomatoes 1 medium cucumber 1 cup cooked peas 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon sugar 1 teaspoon salt l cup mayonnaise To the cold, flaked salmon add chopped tomatoes, cucumber, and the cooked peas. Mix in the lemon juice,

sugar, and salt. Then add mayonnaise. Serve on lettuce or watercress.

Baked Carrot Custard ( Porkkanalaatikko

4 mediumsized carrots 1 cup bread crumbs 1 cup milk 3 tablespoons melted butter 3 eggs, separated 1 teaspoon salt Wash and grate the carrots and cook them in as little water as possible. Mix bread crumbs and milk,

add the butter, beaten egg yolks, and HOTEL UTAH (Concluded on following page) Max Carpenter, Manager

JUNE 1950 509 LET'S GO SCANDINAVIAN {Concluded from preceding page) top, to make three thicknesses dough 6 candied cherries, chopped salt. Combine with the carrots. Fold with butter between. Press edges toin stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour the gether and roll out fairly thin. Repeat Scald milk. Stir one teaspoon sugar

mixture into buttered baking dish, set twice to incorporate remaining butter. into lukewarm water and add yeast.

it in a shallow pan of water, and bake Cover, set aside at room temperature Let stand ten minutes. Add remainin moderate oven (350 F.) for about for Yi hour, roll out and shape as deing sugar and the salt to hot milk and

30 minutes, or until risen, set, and sired. Let rise until light but not quite cool to lukewarm.

slightly browned. doubled in bulk. Bake in hot oven Add milk mixture to softened yeast

(400 F.) 15 to 25 minutes, depending and mix well. Add half of flour to

on size of rolls or tarts. mixture to make soft batter. Beat

Danish Pastry well. Add melted butter and mix

(Dansk Bagvaerk) Filling for Danish Pastry thoroughly. Add remaining flour and

Cream together 34 cup shortening, fruits and nuts. Mix well.

34 cup sugar 34 cup sugar, 1 egg, 34 lb. almond Turn dough out onto lightly floured

2 cakes yeast let rest board. and with bowl Cover paste, teaspoon almond flavor. Or %

1 pint milk lukewarm lightly minutes. thorten but Knead fill tarts with of jam. any kind

8 cups sifted flour oughly for ten minutes. Place in

1 teaspoon salt Danish "Sunday Bread"clean, buttered bowl. Cover and let

2 butter cups until in place double rise in warm (Dansk Sondagskage) eggs, 3 well beaten into hour. one Shape bulk—about

1 cup milk two round loaves and place each on

Dissolve sugar and yeast in luke34 cup sugar greased baking sheet. Let rise until

warm milk. Sift flour and salt to34 cup lukewarm water doubled—about one hour. Bake in

gether, rub in 6 tablespoons butter 1 pkg. dry or compressed yeast moderate oven—350 for 40 minutes.

and add eggs and yeast mixture. % teaspoon salt Remove from pan and cool on rack,

Knead 5 minutes and roll in rectangle 3% cups sifted flour (whole grain preuncovered and away from drafts.

twice as long as wide. Cut remainferred ) Combine \/ cup light corn syrup and

ing butter into peasized pieces and M cup butter, melted and cooled 34 cup water in small saucepan. Boil

spread about onethird of it over two- 3/2 cup seeded raisins one minute. Cool slightly. Brush

thirds of dough. Fold unbuttered third Y2 cup chopped dates cooled loaves. Allow to dry. Makes

of dough over half of buttercovered 2 tablespoons shaved candied citron two loaves seven to eight inches in portion; then fold remaining third on 3/ cup sliced pecans diameter.

PAINTINGS, PICTURES, AND WALL DECORATIONS (Continued from page 504) question need worry the homeand the color of the painting should maker, as the really important conbe in harmony. Because the colorscontain a concealed lighting system. Finally, there are even those siderations are: Is the painting liked in the painting are usually more

vital than the colors in the room,who would do away with walls by my family? Does the picture

altogether and have the entire fit into the decorative scheme of paintings tend to be the center of interest.house (except bath and sleeping my home?

quarters) open into a wide vista Art is a personal expression.

separated by small halfpartitions. Both the artist and the purchaser Wall Arrangement

However, paintings will problook at a painting from a personal ably never be entirely displaced and emotional viewpoint. A homePictures or paintings should conas objects of beauty in home maker will judge the picture in the form in size and shape to the wall

furnishings, and their cost should light of her own knowledge and spaces on which they are hung and be included in the interior decoraexperience in art. It is natural should look well with the furniture

tion budget. Those who can afford that tastes and attitudes change with which they are grouped. A

expensive furnishings will find that with an increase of knowledge; usual custom is to arrange a picthe home is enriched by hanging therefore, it is natural that the ture and a piece of furniture tofine original paintings rather than homemaker may later "outgrow"gether so that the space between

is less than the height ofthe less expensive prints. Since all a picture and may need to replace the two

homemakers are not fortunate it with another. the smaller piece: a picture over a

enough to own original paintings sofa must be hung low enough to but may be contemplating purColor Harmony give a feeling of unity to the two chases, the following suggestions pieces. Where there is no conlovely painting, perhaps one flict, the center of the picture isare given to aid prospective buyers A

which has been cherished for many usually placed slightly above eyein their choice.

years, may serve as the color level. Pictures look best against

Skill of the Artist harmony "theme"when redecorat- plain walls.''\

ing. Whether the picture be chosen Pictures of the same size, when

Is this a good picture? What will before or after the basic color theme hung in a series, should be so arothers think of my choice? Neither has been set, the color of the room (Concluded on page 512)

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No skips! No bunches! No expensive seed wasted! This Double

Run Force Feed has made the Oliver Superior No. 38 Drill world famous

for its uncanny accuracy. It's the drill that brings better stands, bigger

yields and higher grades!

Your precious seed is measured out kernel by kernel, for the Double

Run Force Feed is machined to a tolerance of 5/1000 of an inch! Each

feedwheel section sows exactly the same amount—no more... no less

as long as there's a handful of grain in the big, bushelto-thefoot steel hopper. Further, your grain is deposited at precisely the same depth

to make the most of early spring moisture. Germination is quicker...

growth and maturity more uniform. The Oliver Corporation,

400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois. The Oliver Corporation F14-6

400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, III.

Please mail me folder describing the Oliver

Superior No. 38 Drill, famous the world

over for its sowing accuracy.

Name.* *..*......*

Pot Office.......................a. Il

I

I OLIVERit-.V Rubral 'Route,2, 'ji ',,.'...Sdte "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERYfj II

J JUNE 1950 511 PAINTINGS, PICTURES, AND WALL DECORATIONS ( Concluded page 510) from Permanence of a Painting Your Dream ranged that the distance between each is less than the width of any The paints and other materials Kitchen...

one picture. A group of pictures which are used by professional arton a wall should conform to the ists today are fairly permanent. The

wall space and should be arranged use of permanent colors in water so that the wall space below the color painting has increased the is widest, the group wall space on popularity of this medium. A picthe is sides of the in group next

width, and the top wall space is the ture should not be chosen from the it least in width. This "law of marstandpoint of "How long will

gins"should be remembered also last?"but rather "How much pleaswhen matting pictures for framing. ure will it give?"

<s>

JfndieuDie DENTITY BY RICHARD L. EVANS

N fiction and in fairy tale a favorite plot is for the prince i to move among his people in disguise. Such plots NOW so easy

have a host of variations in a long line of literature, and to build! it makes exciting reading when the pauper proves to be

Make over that old "tired"the prince or when the grand lady changes places with kitchen—or build a new one her maid. In literature such situations may be easily posright now! No matter how big sible, but in life we cannot much rely on not being known.

or small your kitchen spaceFugitives have often found this out. Sometimes they go

no matter what its shape—Curtis to the ends of the earth; but almost surely, sooner or later,

sectional cabinet units fit tosomeone discovers their identity. Gambling on not being

gether to create truly modern known isn't a very good gamble. Often people are surconvenience! prised at meeting friends in far places. But seasoned

These Curtis units are sturdily travelers learn never to be surprised at meeting almost built of wood for lifelong servanyone almost anywhere. We may think we shall lose

ice—and they are primecoated I ourselves in the big city, but, trite as it may seem to say

in white—but may be painted so, it is a small world. We can never be sure that our

any color you like. Quickly inactions aren't observed by someone we know or by somestalled in old or new homes! one whom we shall later come to know. And those who

indulge in "awayfrom-home"actions and attitudes often learn this and often have cause to be very much embarrassed. If we make fools of ourselves a thousand miles

away, the news will likely get back sooner than we will.

But this isn't the only reason for behaving ourselves. We

ought to have enough common sense and character to do it anyway. Our own principles and selfrespect and

inner approval should give us reason enough, no matter where we are. Personal principles shouldn't shift with

geography. But even if there were no question of principle, even if there were no question of conscience, it would

still be well to remember that we just can't be sure that we won't be seen by someone whom we shall sometime

It isn't ever safe to suppose that the news won't Portland see again.

get back. Our record and reputation travel with us. More

than that, they often precede us and show up almost any- *)l Punch where. In fiction, the prince may be protected in his dis-

'MAKES'guise, but in life we cannot rely on not being known. Our

*b&: 6JUST.WATER.PINTSADD identity is indelible.. Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD- 3$ a glass X CASTING SYSTEM, APRILCopyright16, 1950King Features

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DUE. "

n TAILORED TO YOUR NEEDS It may seem hard to believe... but under General

America's modern method of insurance coverage, you can have the protection of many insurance policies combined into ONE.

General's Householder's ultraPolicy will protect you against loss of personal possessions or liability arising from acciIf you cannot conveniently locate dents on your property, in your car—at or away from home. And a General America Agent, further

this unique insurance can be written to suit your particular needs. information about this plan may

be obtained by writing General

This Complete ONE POLICY Protection Can Include: CityAmericaBranch,Companies,Excelcis Building,Salt Lake8

burglary and theft Insurance. West Second South Street.

Insurance on household goods and personal possessions.

automobile Insurance.

liability Insurance including automatic payment of $500 hospital and medical for each person injured on your property or in your car.

Householder's ultraPolicy offers the added advantages of ONE low premium...

ONE expiration date... and ONE organization with which to deal

(This is not intended as a complete description of this insurance plan. For full details, see your General America Agent.)

General Insurance Company of America

g-5 feaiii FirstGeneralNationalCasualtyInsuranceCompanyCo. ofAmericaof America

H.K.DENT, Pres. HOME OFFICE: SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

JUNE 1950 513 Using Examples

{Continued from page 484) circulated, but that opinion could for hardly be considered of great value, ACombination for he has had little experience that would enable him to pass judgment on the United Nations. On

the other hand, if he were to make a comment on modern music, we should give such a comment serious consideration.

Third, report your quotation acLife curately, not only the words but also the idea in relation to the text in which it is found. Many religious

misunderstandings have arisen because people repeated a passage from the Bible out of context and thus missed its full and true meaning. Observe this caution particularly when you use statistics, which

can easily be very misleading.

7. Prepare carefully for the use of

your visual aids GASOLINE Many visual aids are failures because the speaker has not made adequate preparation for them.

First, find out what facilities are New Improved available; for instance, plan to use

a blackboard only if you know one is in the room where you will speak.

Second, mark all your aids so that you can identify them easily. GASOLINE Then place them in order or arrange

them carefully so that you can seand Premium lect them quickly.

Third, rehearse your speech several times complete with visual aids.

Practise drawing any charts you MOTOR OIL will draw during your speech. Show

Finest in Our 41 Yeats! allaudience.your picturesTime yourselfto an imaginaryas you

set up the equipment. This is the

only to learn way to handle your UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY aids easily or to time speech. your

One speaker had a series of slides illustrating the city of Nauvoo. Rehearsed without the pictures, the

speech took ten minutes; given pubFreshly StoneGround, Untreated licly with them it took twentyfive.

100% Whole Wheat Flour If the speaker had rehearsed his and Cereals speech with the slides, he would

Butters, Nut Juices, Raw Sugar, etc. have saved himself the embarrassHOSPITALITY WESTERN SERVICE

23 West 3rd South or 285 East 3790 South ment of speaking fifteen minutes

Salt Lake City Murray 1197-R overtime.

C.P. 8. Use specific and picturesque

Jam & Jelly The Improvement Era Index words

For 1949 Is Available Words create pictures, and the

PECTIN Send 3 c for your Copy more specific and picturesque the

MORE FOR YOUR MONEY 50 North Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah (Concluded on page 516}

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA em

X. W

\T0\

"Voice in the West/

a fascinating account

of the past century at the Deseret News

Illustrated with art, photos and anecdotes reflecting the progress industrial and cultural—of the nation generally, the Mountain West

specifically, from pioneer times to today's headline events.

Published by Duell, Sloan & Pearce, Inc., New York

470 pagesPrice $5.00

Phone and mail orders filled by your favorite book dealer

JUNE 1950 515 USING EXAMPLES lehi in the Desert (Concluded from page 514) If a man can excel other men, the world (Continued from page 487) words the more vivid will be the will find and honor him. toric times. The point to notice,

is his disthat If Lehi write however, a better a made can book,picture. man preach Instead talking of about

better or a sermon, better a make mousein year, the the spring of coverychildren, talk about and John Mary trap his neighbor, than though builds he is full that part of the worldand that Jim. "nouns bleed"Use his will when the the in house world woods,

3 torrents, the Moreover, of rushing sting "verbs thatand rattle."and his door. to a path beaten make

If you can choose between two very fact that Nephi uses the term words, choose the one that is Emerson, Lecture in 1871 "a river of water,"to say nothing of simpler but conveys the more clearLehi's ecstasies at the sight of it, cut image. Compare, for instance, Facts, figures, stories, comparishows that they are used to thinking

"riversthe mental pictures the following son, pictures, and colorful words in terms of dry rivers—the248

sentences create: are tools of a successful speaker. of sand"of the East. One only

mid., 88. Learn to use them effectively. speaks of "rivers of water"in a

country where rivers do not run all the time. But in the spring it is

by no means unusual to find rivers in the regions through which Lehi was moving, as a few examples will show. "We... descended... into MORE STEEL Wady Waleh. Here was a beautiful seil, quite a little river, dashing

over the rocky bed and filled with fish.... The stream is a very pretty FOR THE one... bordered by thickets of

flowering oleanders. Here and there

it narrows into a deep rushing torrent.... "250 Describing the great WEST

wall that runs, like our Hurricane fault in Utah, all along the Dead

Sea, the Arabah, and the Red Sea,

THROUGH an earlier traveler says: "Farther

NEW PRODUCTION FACILITIES southpassable,the ascountryhuge gorgesis absolutelyone thouim- sand to fifteen hundred feet deep

AT (compare Lehi's "awful chasm")

GENEVA AND COLUMBIA places,and nearlyare brokena milebywidethe greatin sometor-

2"1 STEEL COMPANIES rentsdicularflowingprecipicesin winterinto overthe perpensea."

The sea is the Dead Sea, but the

H As part of an 18million dollar conversion program same conditions continue all down pledged by United States Steel at the time of the purchase of the warborn Geneva Plant from the Govthe great wall to "the borders which ernment in June, 1946, the Geneva Steel Company are near the Red Sea."One

recently installed and put into operation equipment is reminded ol how impressed for production of hot rolled coils. Lehi was when he saw the river

These coils, known familiarly to the trade as of Laman "flowing into the foun- "breakdowns,"are an intermediate product intended tain of the Red Sea."On the

for further processing. As such, the Genevarolled desert road to Petra in the springcoils are now being shipped to Columbia Steel's new time "there are several broad

cold reduction mill at Pittsburg, California, where streams to pass, the fording oi they're converted to sheet and tin plate. Between which creates a pleasant excitesteel these them, can supply two mills Western buyers ment.""'traveling farther 2 A party

flatrolled with tons of estimated an 325,000 products north reports, presently "we came year. each 'Allan, the deep upon which Wady venture from start to finish, the An all Western plain in here cuts the two. How combination of the of these two U.S. new facilities

Steel subsidiaries marks a new forward step in the delightful was the plash and gurgle industrial growth of the West. of the living water rushing over its

rocky bed in the fierce heat of that day!"UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION Syrian

the right season of the Given SUBSIDIARIES year, then—and the Book of Mor-

:,.-; mon is obliging enough to give it p.'--:.:",

one need not be surprised at rivers in northwestern Arabia. It was der sons and recited his remarkable sively studied than that of primitive

this seasonal phenomenon that led verses. Nephi seems to have been Semitic poetry, and nowhere could

Ptolemy to place a river between standing by, for he takes most careone find a more perfect illustration

Yambu and Meccah. 23* ful note of the circumstance: of the points that are now agreed

When Ishmael died on the jourupon as to the nature and form of ney, he "was buried in the place And when my father saw that the waters the original article than in this brief the the river into of emptied fountain of Nephi's. (I of account calledwhich Nephi was Nahom."

the Sea, sayunto spake he Laman, Red this is First there that not "a is the occasion: It was16:34.) Note this like ing: mightest that unto be thou O

place which we called Nahom, but river, continually running into the fountain the sight of the river flowing into the place which was so called, a of all righteousness! the gulf which inspired Lehi to addesert burial ground. 256 The Arabic And he also spake unto Lemuel: O that dress his sons. In a famous study,

this valley, like mightest unto thou be pointed that the earliout Goldziher the basic meaning hasroot NHM in keepsteadfast, immovable and and are ever mentioned desert poems sighof "to or moan,"and (I est the occurs firming of the Lord! commandments

nearly always in the third form, "to Nephi 2:9-10.) "those Quellenlieder (songs to

sight or moan with another."The springs of water) which, according

Hebrew Nahum, "comfort,"is reNo subject has been more intento the record of St. Nilus, the anlated but that is not the form given

in the Book of Mormon. At this

place, we are told, "the daughters of Ishmael did mourn exceedingly,"and are reminded that among thedesert Arabs mourning rites for the FLY UNITED dead are a strict monopoly of the rites related Hebrewwomen, being to ifce IDS CENTENNIAL female. 256 Ishmaelless exclusively

here seems more of an Arab than ever, while Nephi continues to display unerring accuracy on every point. UmoJjuI

Lehi's Qasid (August 9-20)

There is no more surprising or impressive evidence for the genuineness of the Book of Mormon than the eloquent little verses (they are a sort of qasid)'25 "which Lehi on one occasion addressed to his wayward sons.

It was just after the first camp had been pitched, with due care for the proper rites of thanksgiving at the "altar of stones."Lehi, being

then free to survey the scene more at his leisure (among the desert people it is the women who make You're only a few hours away!

and break camp, though the sheikh, as we have seen, must officiate in Flying United is the fast, easy way to attend the LDS Cententhe sacrifice ), proceeded, as was his nial in Hawaii. Fast, luxurious Mainliners take you from any of

right, to name the river after his United's 81 cities coast to coast and border to border direct to San firstborn and the valley after his Francisco where you board United's great, new twin -deck Mainsecond son. (I Nephi 2:6-8, 14.) liner Stratocruiser.

They examined the terrain more United's Mainliner Stratocruiser is the world's finest Stratocruisclosely, as always do after Arabs cabin only including one with a sixcompartment a beautiful er—thepitching in a place they camp where... specially lower deck designed Hawaiian Lounge foamrubber

time, disexpect to spend and some seats and footrests... and a centrallylocated galley for better meal that river into the "emptiedcovered

the fountain of the Red Sea,"at a service. (Berths and a private stateroom available at extra charge.)

point "near the mouth thereof"Fares are surprisingly low. Ask about United's many special Air

(Ibid., 2:8-9), which suggests the Tours to Hawaii.

Gulf of 'Aqaba at a point not far above the Straits of Tiran. When UNITED AIR LINES

Lehi beheld the view, perhaps from For reservations call or write your nearest United ticket office, the sides of Mt. Musafa or Mt. or see your travel agent. 258

Mendisha, he turned to his two elJUNE 1950 517. )

LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) now that, circumventing mountains, stumclear to the sight and sweet to the taste, bling over rough, broken ground through all so that it was a question whether the eye cient Arabs used to intone after but impenetrable passes, they beheld in the or the mouth was the more delighted. Morehaving refreshed and washed themfar distance a spot of green in the desert; over, there was adequate forage for the

selves in some fountain of running and striving to reach the vegetation by animals; so they unloaded the camels and

water discovered in the course of a which the oasis might provide a camp or let them out to graze freely. For themlong journeying."5 Nilus'own aceventhem (wesustainare areadingsettlementnomadikonfor somefor theof selves,drinking,theysplashing,could notandletbathingthe wateras ifalone,they

count is a vivid picture of what senseless monadikon), as they conjectured, couldn't revel in it enough. So they

Lehi's party went through: they turned their eyes towards it as a chanted songs in its praise (the river's),

stormtossed pilot views the port. Upon and composed hymns to the spring... 2eo

The next day... after making their reaching it, they found that the spot did ( To be continued

way as is usual in the desert by devious not disappoint their expectations, and that routes, wandering over the difficult tertheir wishful fantasies had not led them BIBLIOGRAPHY rain, forced to turn aside now this way, to false hopes. For the water was abundant, 1908. In p. 257. PEFQ here -You"Is used

in a general sense, referring to the individual or party that finds the water has and so of the right it. naming 229T. in Canaan, Jnl.Palest.Or.Soc. II (1922).

cf. 139, Hogarth, Penetration of Arabia, p. 162

2S0T. Canaan, in "Studies the Topography and

Folklore of Petra,"in Ibid.. IX 138218 (1929)

become the standard work on desert nomenclature;has

cit.. 231Ioc. Burton. Pilgrimage to AUMadinah,

n.3: I, 250 "a folio it's new... etc.passages cited here are from p. 140. volume would not contain

Jifluui anumerousthreemonths'are they. collection"of such names, so

Wilderness of 70 Zin. p.

of its an ideal gift! E.2S277.eH. Desert Palmer. The the Exodus (Cambridge, 1871) I, 20

Now—you can record DrinkersPhilby, Theof theEmptyWind.Quarter,p. 51 p. 39

price/ess experiences 237238R.Woo!IeyE. Cheesman,and Lawrence,In UnknownWildernessArabia,ofp. Zin,261 p.

in this new.. 86f,as inconcludingsettled districtsthat "toin expectSyria, continuityis vanity."of Speakname,

ing of the south deserts, Capt. Conder (in PEFQ

1875. p. 126) observes that while "The settled

population have preserved the ancient names under

Forms more or less modified, the wandering Bedouin have replaced them by descriptive titles of their own."MISSIONARY 2S8B. Thomas, Arabia Felix, p. 50

288W. F. Albright, Archaeology & the Relig. of

Offord, Red "The Sea."PEFQ 1920, "J.241 Cited by PhythianAdams W. J. in PEFQp. 179 JOURNAL Israel,1930, p. 148f 204 p.

—the only diary or jour204,242W.258 Spiegelberg, Koptisches Handworterbuch, pp.

nal especially designed of 2tsSurvet)Western ofPalestineEastern PalestineName Lists,I, 239,pp.241;116,Survey134.

for L.D.S. Missionaries. 207.2C.259,R. 350,Conder367,in 433PEFQ 1876. p. 134 and Surv. of

Wstn. Palest. Name Lists, pp. 28, 93

2isSttrvey of Western Palestine II, p. 169

2<8Thomas, Arabia Felix, p. 136f; Philby. Empty

Note these unique features, which make this a truly outQuarter,Penetrationp. 231 of Arabia, p. 3

standing gift for any missionary: 24sNephi's story begins "in the commencement of

* Heaviest, most durable grained DuPont Fabrikoid cover, 1:4)the firstand yearmovesofverythe rapidly.reign of Since,Zedekiah,""in the(I BibleNe.

with design stamped in i4karat gold. throughout the 'first month'always refers to the first

if Bound with genuine binders board and special glue that p.Spring201), month,"Nephi's "commencement(Yahuda, Accuracyof theofyear"the wouldBible,

withstands any climate. fall in the springtime, regardless of when Zedekiah

reign, since to the like the Egyptians Jews journal jc 500 rule a sheets of special ragcontent bond paper—easy begandated king's of the the real from beginning

to write on. year, the ritual time of coronation.

if Colorful ribbon marker. 240The term is also used by Egyptian and Greek

ir Beautifully lithographed end sheets show location of all ofwriters,sand"e.g.in Alexanderthe desert.the TheGreatArabscrossescalla a"riverdry

L.D.S. missions, and panel for gift inscription. lake "sea of salt,"or Bahr bila ma. i.e. "lake

ir Special greentint sheets provide for record of important p.without72, n.water,"I). To(Burton,us it seemsPilg.pedanticto AlMadinah,to distinguishetc.

dates and events, assignments, personal record of memberbetween lakes of water and lakes of something else, ship, and priesthood ordinations, ordinances performed in but the discrimination is important in a land where rivers lakes are ones. most and dry field, chart, mission genealogy important names, addresses

in Palmer, Surv. H. Wstn. Palest. Spe- E. of

dates, index that the missionary and a handy and can use cial p. 67f Papers,

to find highlights of his mission any place in the journal. sb'C R. Conder in PEFQ 1875, p. 130f

2B8G. Hill, "Journey to Petra,"PEFQ 1897. p.

144 suffiprepaid in U.S.A. anywhere Send

Exing. S!iSW. "Journey in the Hauran,"PEFQ for foreign mailings. cient postage or C.O.D. No

1895, 175 p. orders. Price $4.00 chargePostage

2C4Burton. Pilgrimage to AlMadinah. etc. II, p.

to: orders Send

the bury Bedouins sometimes dead Though Deseret Hiller Book Bookbinding Company Company die, disthe remains great they many where or 1st East South 44 Temple 255 South West to rAiry in Biblique them, Jaussen Revue Acarry City, City, Salt Lake Salt Lake Utah Utah (1901), 607 Xtances P Palest. in cit.; loc. Or. Jul. T. Canaan Jaussen. to: | $4.00 each Please send copies of the MISSIONARY JOURNAL i processions funeral 189: women "In Soc. (1931), XI

.. burial is over the with men. mix not When

visiting the In alone.. assemble Name maythe women...

.".... Cf. Baldengo alone. always. they tomb

Address j sperger in PEFQ 1901. p. 83; and Burkhardt,

Notes I, 101: "At the moment of a man's death,

daughters, female wives, and 1 am enclosing $.. E-5 I his

.. lamentation in cries of."Amongrelationsthe uniteJews

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

which in one way or another are reapproach will delight young people lehi in the Desert tarding our national development. and will be approved by older folk

inthe part play prominent mourning a more men since deals the author carefully very rites, professional were—/. A. W. even mourners and male

original text, with the of the Book 196.not Archaeol.. unknown, Heir, p. Nowack,

is various to denote used word qasid "The itself. tells the The author Mormon JOURNEY THE TO THE of the including verse Arabictypes now unknown leaving the of for Jerusalem, return isprimitive in this sense desert. poetry the of PROMISED LAND

it to the plates,that the here. qsd in employ means the wilwandering we The rootIt

it applies an"intend,"to a hence poem with P. Neeley. Deseret (Deta News the derness, finally the voyage, and

love, or instruction. moral money, Auobjective—Salt Press, 122 Utah. Lake City, the landing in Hemisphere. Western tothorities the original motif. as disagree Harder's

dictionary applies the kind of poem. to any word pages.—M. C. /. river flow would these between 2B8The two his book, which the author callstains, as mounHP is indicated in the National Geographic AUTOBIOGRAPHY THE OF of the area. valley to seems be The comMap first in series "the the called book investigation: suggest enough. anmodious We WILL ROGERS

times ancient the the it hasfrom custom been most the of Story 'A Child's of Book Mor- (Edited by Donald Houghton Day.

in theirfor travelers to the inscribe desert names "has carefully prepared been by Mifflin Boston. 1949. Company, 410 rocks at places they where (Th. mon,'campedon have

It 37). p. Semitischen Sprachen.Noldeke, Die all children for pages. Neeley is Dr. to underleft at their people certain that marks Lehi'salmost

stand. Children with "fourthgrade has an institubecome Rogers \T7ill places. stopping importantthe more

aB8 I. zut arabischen Goldziher, ability Abhandlungen will reading to able the be read vv tion in the States, United an

I. (Leiden.Philologie 58 1896) for fictional themselves."book The page) (Concluded on following 648 79, Patrol. Nilus, Graec. in Migne St.

On The Bookrack 11MY IRONRITE MAKES HOUSE- (Continued from page 466) In the latest edition, this set of books CLEANING MUCH has been brought upto-date and extensively supplemented to keep abreast EASIER"of the everextending frontier of newer Says Mrs. Dean F. Wood,

knowledge and recent happenings in 2007 McClelland Street, the world. It covers the fields of Salt Lake City, Utah.

Science, History, Hygiene, Geography, When I purchased my Ironrite automatic

Civics, Economics, Nature Study, ironer, I expected to iron our weekly

Physiology, Biography, Industry, wash, but I didn't realize what a wonHandicrafts, Transportation and Comcleaningderful helptime. it I couldhave ironedbe duringmy curtainshouse

munication, Mining and Mechanics, with ruffles, drapes, and ruffled bedWriting and Riddles, Arithmetic and spread in much less time and really rested

Recreation, Art and Entertainment. from the other more arduous tasks. I have

And all these formidable facts, made threeiron for,smallbut childrenI iron everythingand my Ihusbandcan wash.to

easy and understandable, are interIronite's "DoAll"ironing points, iron tucks spersed with the ageless and indisand gathers on my little girl's dresses pensable poems and stories from the with marvelous ease.

world's finest literature for children.

Furthermore, planned courses of study are provided for those who want to use them. Model 80. (left)

In picture and in print The Book o/ Openmodel IronKnowledge is an ever delightful, colorrite. Model 85.

ful, informative, and entertaining store- (shown above) house of almost anything a youngster closedtoprite. Ironwould want to inquire about, from the

minute things of the earth to the re- "With its two completely mote things of the universe. And all usable open ends, my Ironrite

it contains is palatably presented to will iron everything I can simplify the teaching problems of parwash, quickly and beautifully."

ents and the learning problems of chilriledren.—/?. L. E. Iron

credit Low Down Payment—easy

A HANDBOOK OF HUMAN terms. AskDemonstration.about a FREE Home

RELATIONS (Everett R. Clinchy. Farrar Strauss SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION

and Company, New York. 146 pages. Blake Electric Company UTAH Richfield

1949. $2.00.) Clark Company Salt Lake City

Read Brothers'Company Ogden "Tr. Clinchy has battled these many CulliganUtah ApplianceSoft WaterCompanyService Salt LakeProvoCity

years for a sensible peace among Peterson Electric Appliance Company Salt Lake City men of different faiths, occupations, C. C. Anderson Company IDAHO Idaho Falls

and origins. In this volume he has Sam H. Jones'Furniture & Appliances Blackfoot

arranged his argument and plea in such Newell Appliance ARIZONA AND NEVADA Mesa, Arizona a manner that contending groups could Clark County Electric Company Las Vegas, Nevada profitably use it as a textbook. He does DorrisHeyman Phoenix, Arizona

not ask for the surrender of beliefs, Distributed by GORDON E. WILKINS—IRONERS, INC.

but for the laying aside of prejudices SALT LAKE CITY PHOENIX LOS ANGELES OAKLAND

JUNE 1950 519

How |MORNING MILK| d Helps Cut Your Food Bill ON THE BOORRACR {Concluded from preceding page) MEMOIRS OF CHILDHOOD institution for the clever saying that AND YOUTH—yet gives you more delicious dishes! points up the message he wished to (Albert Schweitzer. The Macmillan

pages. $175.)

of the When a recipe calls for milk—use ofput encouragementover. His life canto all,be anno examplematter HThisCo., NewpoignantYork. story78 famous

in what situation they find themselves. Doctor Schweitzer's early childHis desire to achieve and his diligence hood makes interesting as well as conin work can be emulated by everyone. structive reading. For parents it is

Vi Morning Milk Vi Water His life of devotion to his family is indicative of what to do as well as you save up H 25% loyaltyalso commendable.to his familyHisneverlovedeviated.for and whatThe booknot togivesdo anin insightrearing alsochildren.into

His derision of the false and misleading educational practices to follow or

It is avoid. that a book can be wholecalls recipe en a is ever is vocative. This a good book wholeheartedly for readrecommended for cream—use to read to reinforce our courage own ing. great with comes book The imMorning Milk in speaking out acrainst evils the of port, following the of the knowledge

undiluted our day—and to learn of the life of work that Dr. Schweitzer has done

humorists. P&u save op to 75% one of the genuine C. /.—M. among the natives of South—M. AfricaC. /.

SUGAR GOES TO WORK FOR SCIENCE

{Concluded from page 492) it—-yet the experts have found a

it produce some of the of an acre to produce a million way to make calories! These figures, says Dr. richest proteins known.

Hockett, "show clearly that even Certain yeasts, when fed on

So Rich—So Smooth—So Good! with our present ratio of land to sugars and molasses, multiply at

scientist, an English by possible to feed our people on eggs, veloped MORNING population, it would be quite imfantastic speed. One strain, demultiplies sixtyfour times in nine chickens, beef alone."and

hours. Experiments in Jamaica MILK Chemists have pulled an even showed that this yeast would probigger rabbit out of their hatful of duce a unique food compound conmagic in revealing that sugar can taining as much as fifty percent prohelp to fill the most crying demand tein, plus valuable minerals such as

of all—the need for proteins. Sugar iron, magnesium, potassium, and

doesn't have a trace of protein in calcium.

is tastier fafUf la** is "tops"INSPIRATION {Continued from page 481) That afternoon found her at the returned to her tiny room in the Canby Galleries. For the most part

inexpensive hotel that she felt deshe was disappointed. Many of the

pressed, insignificant, and futile. paintings seemed garish, their proHow useless her life had been, how portion all wrong, their perspective

unbelievably drab and stripped of askew. Perhaps she was oldaccomplishment! fashioned and ignorant, but few of

Her happiest hours were spent them appealed to her.

in the Metropolitan Museum. Here An unusual crowd seemed gathshe stood in awe before the works ered near the end of the gallery.

of the masters, studying raptly the She made her way toward them.

form, line, and color which, so "The first prize,"someone murskilfully blended, gave mute evimured.

dence of genius. Expertly she. threaded her way

The attendants came to know this through the knot of people till her NALLEYS plain, little woman in the nondenearsighted eyes caught a glimpse

Taste how cold cuts take on newscript clothes, so full of intelligent of the picture. She caught her

flavor delight with Tang! For Tang, questions and so genuinely interbreath sharply.

alone among dressings, provides ested in the answers they were able It was a simple, homely scene, the special "flavor factor"that gives to give. almost harsh in its stern simplicity,

extra zest. Yet Tang is thrifty, too "Have you seen the current exbut of ageless beauty: a weatherhibition at the Canby Galleries?"beaten little house at the rear of

one asked her on the next to the which sloped a wooded hill, and last day of her visit. "It contains beyond the trees a golden sunset lew?

The perfect salad dressing someern artists."of the best work of our modspread like a benediction.{Continued on page 522)

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUNG PEOPLE need plenty of energy for hard play these long summer days... and there's no better source

of healthful energy than food prepared with pure U and I

Sugar.

Be sure to get energy packed U and I... it's perfect fo;

canning, cooking or table use.

JUNE 1950 521 Inspiration {Continued from page 520) Tommy Discovers the Story Behind

Miss Amy adjusted her glasses.

"What Is Black and White It couldn't be... and yet it was!

hill the house, in back... as and Read All Over"Her

times. it a thousand seen she had

"I don't get it,"a young girl mumbled. "It's called 'Inspiration.'

I should think it would be 'Even- ing'or 'Sunset.'

Feverishly Miss Amy consulted her catalog. There it was—"Inspiration. Artist: C. H. Lloyd."

Funny, she'd had a Charles Lloyd in the fifth grade almost twenty years ago. She could see him now,

a slight, darkhaired boy of ten with a sensitive, eager face. What had

become of him? She hadn't heard

of him in years.

"There's the artist now,"someone murmured.

She approached him shyly, waited till he finished speaking with an acquaintance, and held out her hand. "Charles! I don't suppose you reTommy—and Billy, Judy, Mary and Bob—thousands of membergratulate me,you."but I want to conboys and girls each year give us the privilege of showing them His amazement was even greater

how The Salt Lake Tribune and Salt Lake Telegram are produced. than hers had been. "Miss Amy!

In cooperation authorities, school with children from 3425 95 How glad I am to see you! Do you schools within a radius of Salt 250 miles of Lake City were

conducted on plant tours in 1949 like my picture?"His eyes twinkled. "I love it. Why shouldn't I? My

visits, these a friendly enjoy being neighbor We welcome beautifully done, own house—so

alike, feel to children that this and adults and another may be 'Intoo. you call it But why did

reason why The Salt Lake Tribune and Salt Lake Telegram take spiration'?"

their places among America's great newspapers. "You can't guess?"His eyes

searched hers almost tenderly.

She shook her head.

"It's a symbol."

"How, Charles?"

little simple, sturdy, house "That nil g&kz tizxuxa is the symbolic of you and to me homely virtues you taught me—of

honesty, character, and unselfishness. The sunset is the beauty you

helped me to see everywhere about

IPSE for OVER FIFTYMS me.no artistWithoutcan paint.that Altogetherability to see,the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple scene means 'inspiration'to me, the sore throat and other minor mouth inspiration instilled in an impresand throat irritations. sionable boy by a teacher of great

HALLS REMEDY understanding."Miss Amy's eyes were misty.

Salt Lake City, Utah "Well, I never!"she exclaimed

softly.

JSiZTionDOORS, WINDOWS Me, an inspiration? she thought.

I've seen just as INFORMATION FOR MORE duty done my i-riM-i STAINED GLASS I've CALL or it.. I've yet, small in a way,. and windows WRITE /$3Bm\

to greatness. INSULATIONS, Inc. contributed 1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah And with that realization she

Phone 8-051 1 BOSTON 6 MASS'smiled contentedly. It would be

good to get home!

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Never Give Up

(Concluded from page 480) helped me. The Lord was blessing

me marvelously.

The other and very rare book, History of the Family Von Ow, contained all the pedigrees, history, and data back to 1081. This was not in the

library. But I didn't give up so easily.

I was told to write some large libraries to see whether they could locate it.

On November 3, 1948, I wrote to the

New York public library, the Los

Angeles city library, and to the Library of Congress. The first two did not

have it. But the Library of Congress

wrote on the bottom of my letter in red, "Located at Harvard University library."Another great thrill!

But how could I get this book? Must

I go back east myself and copy these records for weeks and weeks—or

what? Again I prayed. This time I went

to Brother Archibald F. Bennett, who -and when we have tender, tasty, StarKist Tuna,

had just come back from his successthe plates are always cleaner, too!"

ful trip to Europe. I asked him what

to do. "Sister Jordan,"he said, "ask The plates are always cleaner rally more pleasing, delicate

Harvard Library if they will send the after dinner when you've flavor of these smaller (light, here, their withbook and permission tender) bemild, StarKist tuna makes Tuna StarKist I will it."microfilm wrotewe So better. dish taste is better. For flavor any the on causeserved

if 22, asking theyNovember would (light, hotmild, salads, sandwiches, smaller the Only thelend to genealogical book our &Tuna tasty, use tender, dishes, untender) are packed tunalibrary for short time. a December On

3 came their answer: "In compliance der this brand. The natuStar-Kist Tuna every time

with your request we have today sent the item noted below to the Genealogical Society of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints for your use."They also stated they had no

objection to its being microfilmed.

You can imagine how happy I was now! I could hardly believe it! I

walked on air! The book came. I

found it contained over five hundred pages and twentyfive pedigrees. It

also contains pictures of family castles and interesting family history. Now

indeed I found it was no fairy tale my mother had told me. The book

had been placed in an important collection at Harvard by a Royal German

Legate in 1914, descendant of the family.

For two weeks before Christmas I went daily to our library and copied all I could from the book. Then it

was microfilmed and sent back to

Harvard. I go once a week to copy

records from the film'at the library, and once a week to work in the temple. This fascinating work is the

crowning part of the gospel.

THE 1950 MORMON BATTALION TREK ( Continued from page 479 one to be stalled, believing that the

The doctors at the hospital in Yuma purpose was to save the lives of were of the opinion that both the the young couple.

young man and his wife would Before evening arrived, the trekhave died had it not been for the kers donned their uniforms, the first aid which they had received ladies their long dresses and pioneer from members of the battalion. bonnets, and a parade was in moSome of the trekkers felt that God tion again. This event was folhad a hand in causing bus number lowed by an elaborate barbecue held

>&\&VJGJr*J&* <?>'*&>:&-<*&*>-y.vt-e-<-v?*<<<V<-V!?v.>

BRING THE WESTS—a/ Jlme to

'pineal Ikammmcc -?t

SERVICE EVERY PURPOSE TO YOUR BY RICHARD L. EVANSl HOME TOWN Ane of the wise men of the world once wrote: "To

Agent The the community KOLOB to a time is a there season, thing every every and in friendliest to serve isyour man town—readyin yourefficiently every insurance at need and low time a time to the heaven: be born, and purpose under A cost, represents because the largest he West's

General Insurance Agency. Strong stock Comto die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which

fair settlement of pany claims. policies—prompt, is planted;... A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a

time to mourn, and a time to dance;... a time to keep, and

a time to cast away;... there is a time... for every purpose and for every work."1 Getting too far off the timetable may take the edge of enjoyment from almost anything. And in some things, getting too far ahead of

SALISBURY, Mgr. FRANK

Bldg. 330 Judge Salt Lake City schedule may be about as hazardous as getting too far

behind; for example, giving a youngster a car when he

should still be balancing a bicycle can be about as hazardous as giving a boy a stick of dynamite when he is scarcely safe with a firecracker. Letting youth grow old too early

Your Every Musical Need dulls the edge of every enjoyment. We can't keep adding

Promptly and Courteously more and more spice to the food or soon there will be no

Filled at pleasure in any simple taste. A worn and worldly look

on the face of a youngster is a pitiable picture. There is

S BEESLEY'S anothertimetablessidethattoarethistoo subjectmuch retarded:which concernsTo youthitselfespeciallywith

h it should be said that there is a time for preparation and

The World's Finest Pianos a time for performance. And if we don't use the years of h

Knabe - Mason & Hamlin our youth to prepare for what we want to do in life, difficult increasingly preparation discouragbecomes and Everett - Cable - Nelson ing. get to win a race It is hard enough an even h when we

George Steele - Jesse French start. But if we don't begin with the gun, the going can

be very discouraging. It wouldn't always be true

Holton - Bach - Selmer to say that no one can ever make up for lost time. But

Band Instruments some important part of life passes every day, and every day that we postpone what we should have done sooner

Largest Stock of adds a penalty to our performance. Again, letting the \

Sheet Music and Teachers'schedule get too far ahead dulls the edge of every enMaterial in Utah joyment, but letting it get too far behind means missing much. "To every thing there is a season, and a time to

RECORDS RADIOS every purpose.... Life itself is a period both of prepand aration and of performance for an everunfolding future.

EVERYTHING MUSICAL And young people {and older ones also) would do well to learn to look at the timetable.

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. 1 Ecclcsiastes, 3 ft

70 South Main Salt Lake City \ Jke Spoken VUord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Phone 4-6518 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADUTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE CASTING SYSTEM, APRILCopyright23, 1950King Features X

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA near the Yuma Branch Chapel. ments nor money with which to

Approximately two thousand citipurchase them. The proprietor of

zens of Yuma in addition to a music store made an offer to sell the trekkers were served. After to the Indians all the musical instruthe banquet a campfire program ments they needed at a twentyfive

was held under the direction of percent discount. Immediately the

Sam Flake of Yuma and Dr. Worlspirit of that suggestion found root

ton of Lehi. The speakers were in the hearts of the battalion trekPresident Curtis, Dr. Worlton, and kers. The captain of one of the

the writer. Music was furnished buses announced that the members

by the Yuma Indian orchestra and of his bus would contribute fifteen also by Alvin Keddington. Then dollars toward purchasing musical

the presentation of a copper key to instruments for the members of the

Salt Lake City was made to Mayor Yuma Indian orchestra. Within

W. }. Anderson of Yuma, followed the space of a few moments thereis your assurance

by a demonstration of square dancafter the captains of the other ing by children of the community. buses came forward with their conof rustfree hot

In the course of the evening's tributions. Before half an hour

water and aentertainment, the fact was menhad elapsed, $202.75 had been

tioned that the Indian orchestra gathered from the members of the longerlastingdid much entertaining without battalion and presented to the Yuma charge, and that some members of Indians.

the orchestra did not own instru- (To be concluded)

A FLAME WAS KINDLED IN THE NORTHLANDS

(Continued from page 477) faith, this Mormonism which, acthat many were on his side. "We cording to rumor, had already Porcelining in a Fowler tank safeguards the

heater heart water of your—assures pure,have found them in our fields and gained 40,000 converts in the

needs. for all your hot water

meadows, although we handled British Isles. Many of these new As a protective, sanitary coating in your

them gingerly, that no precious converts were already emigrating Fowler tank, porcelining prevents water message might be broken or marred across the waters to faraway Amerfrom touching metal, keeps water rustfree before the arrival of our good ica. "Did not Scandinavian sailors, always, lengthens service life of your heater.

king's commissioners and worthy newly home from English ports, tell Porcelining is only one of many Fowler scientists!"His honest blue eyes of ship upon ship crowded with points of superiority 'which combine to

would look around for approval. Mormon converts leaving for Amermake Fowler your best water heater buy.

"There were messages engraved on ican ports upon every sailing date?"

many ornaments,"he continued, But somehow, in spite of mob more features...

"messages which we read about violence, of jail sentences, incarmore value...

later when the learned scientists cerations, whippings, and other 1. Glasslined tank prevents water from

published their translations."physical illtreatment by overzealtouching metal—keeps the water rustfree.

"Heathen boastings and sacrileous or brutal authorities, these 2. "Black Heat"lockon, externaltype elegious prayers to Odin and Thor!"young men persisted in spreading ments give top efficiency and long life.

would come the venomous reply the gospel. 3. Easyadjustable temperature confrom the officially appointed shepMany kinds of people they met trols.

herd of souls. "Nothing that good in their endless journeys. Many 4. Triple,maximum builtinheat in tank.insulation retains the

Christian people should bother types of converts came into the about!"fold. In the back reaches of the 5. 30Capacities:and 40 gals.)5 to 80 gals. (Table top models

"But could it not be possible, that harsher sections of these Scandi- 6. Approved by Underwriters'Laborathe word of prophets of old would navian lands they found a stronger, tories.

also be found in the ground?"the more selfwilled populace. There See Fowler at your dealer's or write for

tall, cleareyed one would persist. was no humble bowing down to full information.

"I have read that such is the case stiffbacked authority in pompous Also manufacturer of in the Holy Land, where many new officialdom. In the thinking patFOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS

carvings come to light from time to tern of such people, the proclaimers time, that the voice of God is startof the new, everlasting gospel found ing to whisper from the dust. something salient and strong. There

Answer me, Stiftspvovst, am I not was something utterly logical in right?"the manner in which they cautiousTumultuous shoutings and violy inquired into the whys and wherelent "taking sides"would end such fores of the gospel plan. There ELECTRIC WATER HEATER

meetings. Some were for tarring seemed to be a strong desire to FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY

and feathering all believers and forge link upon strong link into a 2545 S. E. Gladstone Portland 2, Oregon

investigators of this strange, new powerful chain of irrefutable eviJUNE 1950 525

A Flame Was Kindled

In the Northlands

(Continued from preceding page) dence. They did not give in easily,

SKYMASTER presents the but once converted they became

Zion. stalwarts of later the 18501950 CENTENNIAL TOUR TO TIllU/llll the counamong the lowlands, In

2Tst 9th AUGUST TO AUGUST with cattle and with trysides rich

Trip in modern, Centennial Hawaiian Make your grain, ripening of fields luxurious burgeoning stewardesses.. seats, courteous. reclining comfort DC-4

and delicious meals... the thinking pattern of the people

$293.10 including Federal Tax would be milder, more lyrical. It

air passage tour includes *Your SKYMASTER from also appeared more haphazard,... and return to Hawaii San Francisco

* Round trip air passage to the island of Maui for more superficial. Suddenly, howthe pilgrimage to Mount Pelehu, site of the first ever, often quite unexpectedly, after

in Hawaii! Mission Mormon

tour of Oahu much gay bantering, a seemingly motor island Round the uninterested prospect would slap a EARLY! RESERVATIONS YOUR MAKE missionary on the back. With a write information, For complete

goodnatured smile, an invitation RESERVATIONS SKYMASTER Honolulu. Hawaii would suddenly come to have some Blaisdell Hotel Lobby

light refreshments with the family.

Much fruitful discussion would follow, suddenly revealing an inner depth of thinking by a man indicating he was not at all ashamed to admit that a superficial outer Binding QftiirL aoa.? armor had been penetrated. Many

SEND 3c STAMP FOR 1949 INDEX conversions were often gained in this manner, and once convinced, people made excellent home these ERA IMPROVEMENT City 1, Utah missionaries. North Main Street Salt Lake 50

On the other hand, the cozy look

THE BEST WAY TO GET STARTED of "come hither, friend,"which the wandering missionaries often were confronted with in the rosetrellised, WRITING FOR ivycovered cottages of many ScanALL ALUMINUM

TRIPLE TRACK STORM WINDOWS dinavian villages, was often deceptive. MAGAZINES

the working habit under the personal AND FINEST Develop editor. or writer a whole day would experienced occasion, direction of an On STORM school a private a INSTITUTE, and full of disappointments, MAGAZINE be

sucby and operated owned completely DOORS THE at a thoughts missionary's series of offers a writers, young editors and cessful started to get you designed assignments an unsuddenly ebb, when to low regularly are sent writing. They you keep Out fascinatingand Keep

spare in them on work you where your home, his event would send expected style to your polish a chance give you time. Drafts They Cold

polished writers professional theirs—by the spirits way soaring. lagging

on writing Save or story short either concentrate on hill, maycontinually. You in a heather Halfburied ability as your rapidly as advancing article work, Fuel side the very into warrants. excavated partly

is with returned submit you assignment Every Sweaty Stop find a it, suddenly criticism. of he might detailed

CATALOG FREE Windows in the magazine field help yoj humble hut on his way back from active Writers themselves find your best outlets, often suggest markets you might the unfriendly village. A chance

the of. Send have heard coupon today for a ramble away from the beaten highyou tells you how which EASY TERMS neverfree catalog

Call or Write maycareer.get started toward a writing VETERANS!This course way has revealed this treasure to

approved for him. Here indeed was meager existence. Casual pieces of driftwood,STOACO INTERMOINTAIN, INC. THEINSTITUTE,MAGAZINEInc. veterans'training

timbers planks, and cracking aging Utah State, Murray4847 So.

Rockefeller Plaza 50 and doorjambs form the would 955 MURRAY Center, York 20, N. Y. Rockefeller New

SALT LAKE 9-4107 window frames. The door itself

Inc. Institute, Magazine The

Rockefeller Plaza might be the hatch cover from a 276-B, 50 Dept.

Please have one of your representatives Rockefeller Center, New York 20, N.Y. foundered, splintered shipwreck,

Please call and give us a free estimate. send your free catalog, without obligaand therefore no one's property unto: tion,

Name Name til a lucky finder would claim it. A

Address pig might be grunting contentedly

Address. in a makeshift pen, a nanny goat Town State

chewing her cud of juniper greens,

Check confidential. here if eligibleNo salesmanunder G.I.willBillcall. and a few chickens industriously ( Inquiries

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

scratching in the sandy ruts of the haphazard road. But a friendly,

"Goddag og Velkommen, ( Good day and welcome), Stranger! Come

in and chat!"would greet a footsore and discouraged missionary.

Heartwarming hospitality would be found among these plain folk. They

would share their meager supper of sour milk, boiled potatoes, and fried herring with the stranger, who would hold them spellbound with his amazing tales of the new, wonderful religion. His message seemed

to have many touching points with their own simple religious conception: "Decency to one's fellow men."

And so, by these first four missionaries who set foot on Danish soil on that June morning in Here's a loaf of extra value—a

1850, the flame of the everlastpremium bread in every way, ing gospel was kindled in the Norththanks to skillful baking and the lands. By many more the torch use of highest quality ingredients

time, Table take Nextwas carried high. From the ranks only. its delicious at bread Queen—for

of the humble people came many best. Look for it in the sparkling

converts, humble in thoughts, humnew white wrapper.

ble in life's pursuits, humble in their wholehearted acceptance of the gospel plan. From the great

cities they came, from the fat farmlands, and from the meager acres in uplands and hinterlands: blacksmiths and bakers and wheelwrights, sturdy farmers, and hardy

fishermen, young and sinewy or old and seasoned. All had one single

purpose: to live in a land of freedom, to worship their God according to their innermost concept, and

to build up the strength and the glory of Zion. The valleys among

the Rocky Mountains have blosIMPROVE FLAVOR somed under the wholehearted and BHRICHEB stalloving labor of these hardy their immigrants sonswart and and WITH VITAMINS daughters. And their sons and

daughters after them have lived full, rich lives. "Intermarriages with i.:::::: J. V.,.-, /.:: I! S.i::...:::::::: S;5 5 /J: SSSimi S

many other nationalities in the

American melting pot of nations have produced strong western American youths. The New England strain of their early pioneer

forebears is there, too, in rich measure. But in their tall, erect

stature, their fair, blue eyes, none can ever deny the heritage they have from the stalwarts who came from across the seas—from the

Northlands—where the light of the

Lord's true gospel was kindled by

Erastus Snow and his fellow missionaries, an even hundred years ago.

JUNE 1950 527 SCANDINAVIA (Continued from page 425) the gospel is being carried forward

Sound Training Is membersconfirming ofthe thelast Church,two namedadminmen to Whilethe Finnsthein theiradministrationown language.of

istered the sacrament for the first Church affairs for Scandinavia reEssential to Success time in this dispensation in Norway. mained at Copenhagen until 1905,

An opening was made, too, at and for the NorwegianDanish porFrederikstad, when in Decemtion of the mission until 1 920, there ber 1851, Svend Larsen came to always was more or less of a linOsterrisor seeking an interview with guistic barrier between the three Your Church Elder Petersen, relative to gospel languages and peoples. True, the

teachings. Swedish Saints for years got along

University ScandinavianThe year 1852Saintssawemigratethe firstto withthe Church,the Danishbut as publicationstime has goneof spirit gathering of Utah. The the differences on, the between training in 43 dethatoffers you

fire Saints like the as spread have become left written languages instruction. ofpartments for their where, England homes the Church and pronounced, more

Character building also receives through the Liverpool office of the has taken steps to rectify that by its proper emphasis. Church, ships were chartered for publishing material in the language

the purpose. And over the years, of the mission involved.

Summer Quarter Starts emigrants from the Scandinavian It is indeed difficult to write a plains the American crossed nations

June 12 handcart, and by by ox team, by theshortbeginningsbut adequateof thehistoryScandinavianof even conceivable method. every that, accordmission Mission—the Second Term Begins Before the coming has special survey, of the railroad ing to a recent

July 24 a company of Scandinavian Saints furnished the ancestry for about were outfitted one year with young fortyfive percent of the membership and frisky oxen. The Scandinavians, of the Church. And yet, those

left to their own ingenuity, counDanes, Swedes, Norwegians, Ice- > seled among themselves to hitch landers, and Finns who took upon

Catalogues are now available for up the oxen oldcountry style-—the them the yoke of the restored gosthe 1950 Summer Quarter and will way they had been accustomed. pel of Jesus Christ, came to Utah

be soon for the 195051 school year. The oxen became scared, bolted, to become, with but few exceptions,

and upset the wagons. Amerithe humble plowers of the fields,

Write for your copies to can elders who had labored in the drawers of water, and the in were Scandinavia and who rather than hewers of the wood runof the came "Y"PRESS charge company of architects and planners the ning. It was hastily decided that Zion.*

BRIGHAM itScandinavianswould be easierto drivetoby teachAmericanthe It has been said of them, especially of the Scandinavian converts of standards than to teach the oxen early times, that they heard the YOUNG the ways of the old country. gospel one day, were baptized the

they day second, and on the third restored the preaching out UNIVERSITY expelledAs earlyfromas 1879,Finland,the theneldersa werepart were

PROVO, UTAH of Czarist Russia, and periodically truth to kinfolk, neighbors, and elders from the Stockholm area visfriends. A while later they were in

ited the few faithful Saints in Utah, establishing new homes, and

Finland and occasionally made new doing their share to make the converts. Sometimes these elders desert blossom as the rose; but then

would get into Russia for a short the call would come to leave their

PROFITABLE DAYS time, but their work was blocked. homes and their families to raise

AHEAD FOR In 1905 the Swedish Mission was their voices again in their native formed from that portion of the old lands. Time after time they would

QUISH Scandinaviannavian MissionMission.was ThedividedScandiin heedgrew thetoo call—andold to travel,when thesethey mensent

GRADUATES 1920 to form the Danish and their sons and their grandsons in

Capitalize on QUISH You'll training be a the Norwegian Missions. A posttheir stead. Today, at the mission now!

'when beautician competent prowar development brought the creacentennial, many of the greatgraduated. QUISH

in 1947. Mission technical Finnish with vides of the tion you oldtime converts the of grandsons

skill gained knowledge and ENROLL in time, the work that call. Until missionary the have heeded FOR SEND NOW inFREE25 TODAY! years.CATALOG carried forward been Finland had

SCHOOL OF by missionaries from Sweden laborborn'DenmarkGeneral hasAuthorities:given to Presidentthe ChurchAnthontwo H.DanishLund

BEAUTY331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN ing almost exclusively with the andNorwegianbornPresident ChristianGeneral D.Authority:Fjeldsted;ElderNorwayJohn oneA. Swedish element in Finland. Now Widtsoe.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 528 m Of all me tnousands ot mission aries who have labored for the upbuilding of the Church in the HERE ARE BOOKS YOU'LL WANT FOR

Scandinavian countries, as elsein none has world, thewhere SPIRITUAL GROWTH the has received alone, eachlabored help of the Holy Spirit in relationship to his worthiness to receive it. FAITH LIKE THE ANCIENTS

And of all the converts who have By N. B. LUNDWALL

countries, and of of those outcome

Yes, it's favorite another B. Lundby N. to are staying convertsthose who

It's wall. faith with a volume that's packed

buildvineyard—thisthat portionpromiseof maythe alsoLord'sbe trinepromotingfrom variousstatementsauthoritiesand gospeland writersdocmade. in the Church over a period of the last

one hundred years. The foreword is by

Milton R. Hunter of the First Council of

the Seventy.

JaldADDITIONAL CHURCH CLASSICS YOU'LL ENJOY AND TREASURE.America Before Columbus $5.00 His Many Mansions.$2.25

by Dewey Farnsworth by Rulon S. Howells

KJn fKecreation AssortedCompiledGems ofby PricelessN. B. LundwallValue $2,50 Know thebyBibleBenjamin Alward..$1.50

When you go to amuse, or recreBibleSaints,Storiesby Emmafor YoungMarr LatterdayPetersen..$1.75 Mormonismby andE. CecilMasonryMcGavin..$2.25

ate yourselves in any manner whatGems of Thought $1.00 Pearl of Great Price Commentary..$3.00

ever, if you cannot enjoy the Spirit GospelCompiledInterpretationsby Dr. Milton R. Hunter$2.25 TreasuresbytoDr.ShareMilton R. Hunter..$2.00

of the Lord then and there, as you by Dr. John A. Widtsoe by Melvin Westenskow

would at a prayer meeting, leave that place; and return not to such

amusements or recreation, until you have obtained mastery over yourself, until you can command the inBOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH fluences around you, that you may have the Spirit of the Lord in any situation in which you may be placed. Then, and not until then,

does it become the privilege of you, FEW EYES ARE PERFECT of me, or of any of the Saints, to join in the festivities designed by the Pi! for I wish Creator our recreation. IP*5i 'mi<m'remember it; and i would that you

that you may, I repeat that it is not your lawful privilege to yield to anything in the shape of amusement, until you have performed every duty, and obtained the power of God to WS\n to enable withstand you and resist 1151 spirits all foul that might attack you, ii Sib i and lead you astray; until you have

command over them, and by your faith, obtained, through power and The chart above shows the percentage of supplication, the blessings of the people. who need glasses at various ages.,

Holy Spirit, and it rests upon you, Fortunately, common eye deficiencies can be corrected by optical science. Beyond the

and abides continually with you. age of 45, nearly all eyes need the assistof glasses. Protect the only pair of eyes—Brigham Young, Journal you'llance ever qualified have. optomeSee the

of Discourses, Vol. 1:113 trist, today!

STRENGTH OF HILLS

By Vivian E. Wood

houses, frame red clay\17hite yards full of V Front daffodils, yellow soil, MODERN FF1CEB THROUGHOUT THE WEST

Bluejeans clad men who go to plough,

A strong state's blood lies in her hills.

JUNE 1950 529 They Endured:'': (Continued from page 473) what is YOUR POLICY OUR shut missionaries, out as they were

or. sell any prod- I HAIR PROBLEM: We will buy at their particular found work

uct or perform any honest trades and passed the contagion of service so long as everyone concerned can benefit theretheir message to fellow workmen.

by. A shoemaker stuffed Latterday

Saint tracts into his customers'

WHATEVER YOUR sewed.shoes;.a Theytailor baptizedsermonizedby asnighthe MEN

NEEDS along river banks and on the seadandruff?Hair dry, lifeless,L.B. unruly,adds naturalfull of

shore. Every bore new convert

to feel free to write us. If we witness his neighbor. The new lubrication,dandruff. grooms, helps control

can't save money, you we gospel was a germ which spread tell foe will you where glad to you can get what you want by contact.

the labors of Through these naprice. possihle at the lowest traveling elders, Mormonism have more tive Although we truly

than 10,000 bargains, we spedeveloped its own momentum in cialize in the following: Scandinavia. The fact is one of WOMEN

Canvas Tarpaulins the bright stars in mission history. Hair hard to manage? Won't

Dams One misinformed, historian has "take"a permanent? Split ends?

Tents called the early missionaries in L.B. softens, preserves waves,

Drop cloths Scandinavia "past masters at tilling keeps hair sparkling and lovely.

Car covers the soil of religious, social, and

Paint political discontent,''and their conFOR and bunk beds beds verts "the Army ignorant, the dregs of THE HAIR of all kinds and mattresses society."11 This a ridiculous becomes NEW

Used and new Army contradiction when it is realized that CREAMEDL.B. SHAMPOO clothing

the converts themselves were the IF YOUR HAIR Powl Hunting, Fishing and

Camping Supplies missionaries. Only thirteen missionNEEDS HELP...IT NEEDS I.B.

Boy Scout equipment aries from Utah served in the three countries between 1850 and 1859, WITH NEW SLIDE FASTENER the year the first convertemigrant,

BE SURE TO VISIT OUR after a brief residence in MormonTRAVELING STORE ON landet, returned to Scandinavia,

WHEELS himself an "elder from Zion."Al- }or eackerA

when it comes to your town most every one of the sixtyseven VWWWWVVVWWS/WkVVVWWWVVWVWWWWWVWVVWWW elders who were sent out from No. 163Z. The ideal Bible for

America between 1860 and 1870 teachersGenuineandleatheradvancedbindingstudents.with

slide fastener protection. More a convert was who had emigrated 60,000 center BUCKS concordance, colored references,maps returned as and now missionary. helps. A andthan STORES SURPLUS WAR onetime burgher of Copenhagen,

Blvd., Ogden 3100 Washington

and Ola Nilsson Liljenquist, emigrant

Sunset, Utah, of 1857, remembered: }or Student*

Clearfield mile north of just one wtttHttNNttttttetttmHttttttttfNfttmrNt/tlll 91 on Highway I was the first of the elders who had No. 123Z. Easyto-read boldface

received the gospel in Scandinavia to retext Bible for young people.

Flexible leather genuine cover turn testify It of and Zion. was a wonder slide with fastener closure. Many

features a and including to marvel special helps thought many that who illustrations. and no could one ever return after he to got

the Rocky Mountains.... I went to the No. 64PZ. Testament with Psalms. Fabrikoid cover magistrate's office / with easyrunning in slide fastener. reto Copenhagen -Easily STOP SMOKING port arrival. All officers the my and BELOVED discovery, medical can KING NicoStop, new help you JAMES VERSION

left clerks their chairs desks and and Pleasant habit. tasting. stop the tobacco A

relieves the on tongue craving drops few AT completely surrounded me, and bid me—..,,....—.,.,....

starts clearing the system and of acONCE I spent welcome. a very agreeable poisons. tobacco by hearty cumulated Recommended

physicians, but sold without prescription. time with them, testifying about Zion and

of the cost only Priced at weeks'a few experience been gone. while I had

If smoking. guarantee. not my Moneyback 12 national bibles druggist's, available your to write at Wherever Bibles succeeding witdecades The NICOSTOP are Sold nessed a similar "return of the

NICOSTOP, SAINT HELENA, BOX 193,

Please information send further about NicoStop. CALIF. native": the names of the more HOTEL LANKERSHIM

than thirteen hundred elders sent 7th & BROADWAY

Name out from Utah by 1900, the golden SingleROOMSor DoubleWITH fromBATH$3.50

Address jubilee of Mormonism's beginnings New dining and supper rooms

City State. in Scandinavia, read like a roll call LOS ANGELES

of first and second generation con- 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA verts. "The Kingdom is beleaguered

by this missionary army from alter year?Utah,"reported a Swedish official e&r

in the 1890's. 13 Denmark to the

later missionaries appeared to have...the largestselling

"very thoroughlybeen warned by church organ elders,"our for L.D.S. tracts were

to be found 14 in nearly every house in the world!

they visited.

Rumors originated early and Here's one reason why!

floated down the years concerning As one minister writes:

these missionaries. They were "ThemeritsHammondmy highestOrganenrailroad agents; they were specudorsement... a minilators; they were white slavers; mum of expense over

they were polygamists sent abroad ten years... richness of

to avoid prosecution; they were toneadaptabilityquality andto liturgiready

Utah's delinquents farmed out for cal music!'

reform. On a mission to Drammen,

Norway, in 1891, one elder found advance notice of his coming in the local newspaper. A countryman in

his home town in Utah, whom the elder as justice of the peace had I

Ionce fined, had written a letter warning people against him and

MODEL, CHURCHhis kind: railroads "The in America in used than more Hammond churches. 18,000take ignorant such fellows almost

gratis because they know they will Pricestion onandrequest.informaget it back on their deluded conOrgan

15verts who emigrate to Utah."That

was hard to take for a man who TheGivesHammondyou musicOrganof cathedralprovidesqualitythousandsin anyofsizedrich churchchurch, tones.yet is

had paid seventythree dollars in the world's lowestpriced twomanual-andpedal church organ.

cold cash for his ticket and who had its too, Visit have can Organ. church, own Hammond Yourleft a pregnant wife, a boy with

.. studios the. hear our organ Organ... and you Hammond

a broken arm, and a struggling will be convinced that it is the finest organ for your church obligation <A kind. of is no anydairy business, in response to the There

from, to choose models Four *Pcall. ifactory.o.b. at starting 1285 Amid the persecution and amid EXCLUSiVE AGENTS

the proselyting, the great and constant preoccupation of the Saints

Salt Lake GLEN BROSEstablished MUSIC1907 COOgden raisingwas to means to go America.

Transportation to Zion, as some insincere converts discovered, was not a handout. The Church maintained

a Perpetual Emigrating Fund oper-

)ating on contributions from mem- i KEBBP bers in Zion and abroad, advance PIKES PEAK deposits from intending emigrants, depositand of passage money by FLOUR those sending for friends and relaWith FOUR tives; but it was not known from Extra Baking

one year to the next how much diAdvantages rect assistance could be made available. The Saints in Scandinavia SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

helped themselves, ad they helped Salt425 WestLake City,5th SouthUtah each other. Anna Widtsoe, widow

of a schoolmaster in Trondhjem,

Norway, auctioned the family library in 1883; Hans Zobell sold

his Danish cottage for 400 kroner DRINK ($100) in 1869; and Andrew M.

Israelsen, as a boy of seven, remembered the heavy box of silver coins A delightful his parents received when they sold whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

(Continued on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS

JUNE 1950 531..

THEY ENDURED

(Continued from preceding page) Gundsolille,"who at the time was TRAVEL their little farm in Norway for not yet a member, "but whom many passage money. have cause to remember with gratiBefore leaving the old country, tude today."16 A deliverer who like

those with ample means assisted Moses never set his own feet on their less fortunate brethren, or the promised land was Jens Andersavings were pooled to enable a sen of Veddern, Aalborg, who had

WE HAVE THE few to go who could send help assisted no fewer than sixty of his

WORLD later. Contributions amounting to fellows to emigrate; he died on the

ON DISPLAY $680 went to the aid of the 297 North Sea in 1862 soon after leavSHOP IN OUR Saints who left via Liverpool on the ing Cuxhaven. Andrew Eliason,

Department Store of Travel Forest Monarch, January 16, 1853, wellto-do Swedish landowner, sold the first organized party to leave his estate and enabled a hundred of

Among Our Services Scandinavia. Niels Wilhelmsen, his brethren and sisters to start

ACCOMMODATIONS emigrant of 1861, reminisced that out for Zion. Bent Nielsen was so

PASSPORTS AND VISAS he had received various loans, free in outfitting his brethren and

AGENTS FOR WORLDWIDE TRAVELamong them two hundred rigsdaler prepaying their passage that he was

STEAMSHIP LINES—AIRLINES ($100) from Peter Andresen of warned some might accept his

RAILROADS Our Service Costs You Nothing epenlance/, anJ E'pi Write or Phone UNIVERSAL BY RICHARD L EVANS epentance is a subject that is sometimes shunned. But TRAVEL SERVICE R repentance is a very practical principle and plays a

Mezzanine Hotel Temple Square very important part in human progress. This is so beDial 3-3419 cause, in a sense, no man moves forward in any particular

without repentance. Increasing individual or industrial

BEFORE you buy new efficiency is a kind of repentance—by the abandoning of

screens., wasteful ways and by following better ways. Applying

improved processes in any undertaking is a form of reThis BEFORE you repaint or rewire your old ones.. pentance. The process of growing up and leaving behind

It will pay you to investchildish ways, as increasing wisdom comes, is a kind of is it! igate RYLOCK. Send repentance. But when an adult reverts to childish ways

conpractices, he or when in unenlightened persists coupon for information, or conflict or in conscience in conflict with himself ducts name of nearest dealer. with the commandments of God, to that extent he proves

himself to be unrepentant—and therefore unprogressive.

The unrepentant person turns his face to the darkness inRY-LOCK stead of to the light. He follows ways he knows to be full

of evil and error—evil if only in the sense that his conductTension doesn't conform to his best knowledge. In others words,

in persists does, better than he and person a knowsWINDOW when is, also therefore, error, in and he is unrepentant, acting

SCREEN unprogressive.laws of health willHepaywhothedoesn'tprice ofrepentill health.of breakingThe personthe

or the institution that doesn't repent of spending beyond its means will pay the price of its prodigality. Any individual or organization, any nation or people must pay a

price for unrepentance—even if it is only the price of

holding themselves back from what they. might have

been. A successful life is a life of constant improvement,

a life that seeks earnestly to abandon old errors. In short,

repentance is the very essence of progress, and an unRY-LOCK COMPANY LTD. repentant person is an unprogressive person. Even from

2485 Washington Ave., San Leandro, Calif. a purely practical point of view no person can afford to be

You may send me complete information. unrepentant.

Revised ADDRESS. e Spokenspoken In/ordWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, APRIL 30, 1950

Copyright 1950 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA money and then apostatize. To All missionaries need

hymaiwriter Jacob Bohn he said: "You need never repay me because The L. D. S. Missionary Bible

you labor for God's kingdom."17

The redeemed did not always repay with kindness. It grieved Andrew Jenson, editor of Morgenstjernen, Danish bimonthly, published in Salt Lake City, that year

after year many remained indifferent to their obligations.

He wrote:

Have you forgotten how eagerly you seized every means which would make your emigration possible? Those who forthis thererespect their in are duty sake

L. S. D. is printed Missionary Bible for specially The their distress for the of fore responsible the Christ Jesus of of Church Saints LatterDay the by Cambridge

It is sisters. the sure brothers and... University Press, printing Bibles have been since a longer 1591, who 18

to apostasy. road It period than other in existence. any press contains the James King

Version with the Church's official Ready Reference pages and the

But there was more remembering useful Cambridge Concordance and Dictionary to the Bible. Ruled

than forgetting. Scandinavians in pages are bound in for convenience in making notes.

Utah contributed twentyfive cents The L. D. S. Missionary Bible is essential to all mission-

a month to an Emigrant Aid Sobestaries Teachers'working atBiblehomefororusein inforeign fields. It is also the

ciety. The town of Ephraim exSunday Schools Priesthood Classes Mutual

pected to have a fund of almost Improvement Associations Primary Associations $2,000 for "our poor and suffering Relief Societies * Church Institutes Seminaries brethren in the Old Country"in Price: $9.25

1872, when "we celebrate our twenOrder your L. D. S. Missionary Bible today from

tyfifth anniversary in this land of your local book dealer or from freedom."19 Altogether, $10,000 was DESERET BOOK COMPANY

sent to Scandinavia from private The Book Center of the Intermountain West sources in Utah in that pioneer 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah jubilee year. In 1883, $30,000

went to Sweden alone. Credits to annum imisiiimiiHI iiiimiiijiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimii in timiiiiiiiiimiiiiimumiiiiimiiiiimihiii mi mil iiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini

the Perpetual Emigrating Fund, contributions to mission funds, and make plans now to prepaid tickets were among the attend the forms of assistance. J. A. Petersen,

steamship passenger agent in Salt

Lake City, advertised regularly in the Scandinavian weeklies in the 1880's SUMMER TERM that his tickets were good for a year and those who wished could travel "with the Latterday Saint emigration. Registration June 5-12

Generosity from Zion was Besides a full curriculum of business courses, L..D.S.

offers benefits. other College you many

enterprise ismatched and by thrift setting of ideal these the classes, environment. both day BusinessAmong and in New

its rise spires lovely the the of Across campus Tem-... evening, begin in June tithes mission.the After 1 860 went. its are offices at ple—L.D.S. door Church and

enrolling. for lay plans now lies city heart of a less great the a than block. away..largely for the of emigration the

is inspire Truly to here imaginathe environment an poor. In addition, missionwide savYou are cordially welcome at... tion and to cultivate the spirit of learning.

ings plans were inaugurated. Mission headquarters in Copenhagen

received deposits to individual BUSINESS COLLEGE accounts in an "Emigrationsfond"70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah led towhich a regular savings LD.S.

it payssystem in a bank called signifi- L. D. S. training doesn't cost—

cantly Bikuben, the Beehive. Not -iiiiHiiiijuiii iiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiililiiilililiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiillimui.liilliuiliiliiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiinii mum mm mi mimii! mi iimiiiiimiiiimiilili.'

untypical was the action of tailor

HEADQUARTERS FOR SUNVISTA 1 L. D. S. fJens who, Weibye on becoming IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 4 Delicious k findinga member and he had BLACKEYED PEAS

BUTTER BEANS YE REST rigsdaler KINGSfour hundred to his MOTEL name, LIMA BABY BEANS 526 5th STREET SOUTH PINTOpaid BEANS forty as tithing, put one hundred in the emigration savings fund, GREENPINTO BEANSCHILI PEPPERSWITH PORK Dr.EdgarHaroldH. Foutz,B. Foutz.ManagerOwner

and gave the remainder to the misAt Your Grocers Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout (Continued on following page) JUNE 1950 533 They Endured (Continued from preceding page) sionaries for their work. 21 By 1872

the congregation at Stockholm had an emigration fund for loan purposes and was helping individuals with sums of from twenty to a thousand kronor ($5 to $250).

Yet it required long years for some to save enough from their pittance to accumulate even the few dollars needed for passage. "The

great question among the Saints is 'How shall we get to Zion?'

wrote Niels C. Flygare in 3 878.

"Many have been in the Church for fifteen or twentyfive years and grown old, but they are not tired of... "22 LUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU assisting in the good cause.

Mission leaders comforted the THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR"Saints, admonishing that they—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO! "should not desire to leave here

without trials and opposition,...

LUMBERJACK SYRUP (MU|YS; Experiencesteadfast eventuallyhas shownfind Zion,that andthe

having been tried here, prove faithful. Others who leave too soon,

WITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP prove not so faithful."23 More

realistically, they pointed out that some were more thrifty in household affairs than others. The young unmarried folk, who were "unburMINER MIKE sa*s dened"and earning a living, shouki

regularly set aside some of their "The ores we dig out of the ground earnings: ten ore (2c) daily

would amount to three hundred are worthless until they become kroner ($75) in ten years. "If

metals and are made into useful everyone did this, it wouldn't be necessary for so many of our articles. So mining gives rise to brethren and sisters to be left beindustries that refine and use hind year after year."24 It was slow,

painful saving, the picture of a peothe products of my work."ple attempting to lift themselves by

<w*s their own bootstraps—and succeeding.

The hazards and high adventure

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION of the emigrant journey itself, the great moment of arrival in Salt

Lake Valley, and the final settleof old communities Zion to send HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST ment and adjustment in one of the into soil roots down a new TO REPLACE YOUR HOME? episodes carrying the saga of arethe

Scandinavian Saints beyond its

The average homeowner today carvaliant beginnings in the Old Counries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your try. In the new home they could

He's thinking backward to what his replacement valsay, "All that's past is prologue."

property cost, instead of forward to ues for you. But, with most of them, the qualiwhat it would cost to REPLACE it. ties which had enabled them to

persevere in the anticipation of comUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. ingduredto theafterZiontheirof theirarrivaldreamsin ZionenHeber J. Grant & Co., General Agent Salt Lake City with all its shortcomings. Now they

turned "their prayers, their anxie534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7. i Stjerne, p. I (1852), Sverigeties, III, {Emgrationsutredninqcn, their exertions"and toward "Skandinaviens7 Bonn, Autobiografi,"Stockholm, J. J. M. Morgen1910), p. 20. thebuilding kingdom. They did stjerncn, p. 40. of (1885), the IV Scandinavian Many ""The Mission,"Mittennot come, they told themselves, to hymns were included in the first Danish nial Star, XLVII (1885), p. 680.

Latterday Saint songbook. in published full infind flower, Zion help but to '"Andrew M. Israelsen, Autobiography

in 1851. Copenhagen (Salt City, Lake p. 96. 1938),plant nourish so beand it. And Jensen, 8H. P. Skizze,""Biografiske

""Autobiografi,"II Morgenstjernen.lieving, I they endured. Morgenstjernen, 103. p. (1882),

135. p. (1883), "Letter, 10, in 1851, July quoted Jenson, 17

Bohn, "Autobiografi,"M. J. J- MorgenHistory, 30. p. Eider issued a Snow

p. 42. IV (1885), fourpage in stjerncn, Year pamphlet, "One BIBLIOGRAPHY twentyScandinavia ls"Betal Eders Emigrationsgjaeld,"... Remarkable Events, Late Mor-

.C.A. Christensen, "Beretning,"MorPersecutions and Present Aspect of Afgenstjernen, I (1882), p. 168.

genstjernen, III (1884), p. 203. fairs,"which was advertised for sale in ]!>C-C.A. Christensen, Letter, Epharim,

2Samuel Bowles, Across the Continent England in the Millennial Star in 1851. July 25, 1871, in Skandinaviens Stjerne,

(Springfield, Mass., 1865), p. 398. 10From a scene in the Scandinavian cenXX (1871), p. 362.

''William M. Evarts, "Diplomatic Cortennial play by Evelyn Wood, They Shall 20Svenska Harolden, June 18, 1885.

Their Shall 10, Circularrespondence, Way, and None Stay 9, Go August No. "Autobiografi"21 J. C. A. Weibye, Morunpublished. Them, the to Relating Foreign1879,"Papers genstjernen, p. 152. III (1884), Stephenson, "George ReligiousRelations the M. The States 1879 United of

(Washington, D.C., 1880), p. 11. Aspects of Sivedish Immigration ( Min- "Quoted in Jenson, History, p. 237.

"Quoted in Andrew Jenson, History of neapolis, 1932), p. 96. '"Hvorledes skal jeg komme til Zion?"

the Scandinavian Mission (Salt Lake City, r2"Autobiografi,"Morgenstjernen, II Ungdommens Raadgiver, I (1880), pp. 20-<

1927), p. 170. (1883), p. 42. 21.

6Quoted in Jenson, op. cit., p. 159. 13Gustav Sundbarg, Mormonvarfningen 2%Loc. cit.

April Missionaries

MISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSION HOME APRIL R. Cook, Regent John Howard, Judith P. Bennion, Richard Bradford, Benton Mosley, Richard Koehler,

17, AND DEPARTING APRIL 26, 1950 Ruth Bennion, Zola Peterson, Joyce Lowe, Vilate Laurn K. Beutler.

Smith, Robert Lewis Warren, Bud Thomas Eatchel. Eleventh row: Robert S. Ball, Lee W. Hall, LaReading from left to right, first row: LuJean Sixth row: Farrel J. Olsen, Jr., Frank R. Hill, mond J. Frost, Curtis L. Smith, Fred W. Longhurst,

Mortensen, William D. Jewkes, La Juana Isakson, Clifford Jay Bailey, Theron L. Swainston, Charlie D. Crawford Roberts, DeMar Ray Kern, William

Irene Tenney, Reed Coles, Lorine W. Seifert, Don L. Stewart, Ramona Reeder, Phyllis Udy, Irene Hatch, Paul H. Wilcox, Charles Neiderhauser.

B. Colton, director; Ramona Calvert, Dorinne Jensen, Jackson Howells, Irene Carol Thomsen, Marvin Twelfth row: Homer Lain Jensen, David C.

Olive Branch Millburn, Dawnette White, Edith B. LaVor Cooley, Clyde Gordon Smith, Lawrence George Sparks, Gerald T. Godfrey, Marvis Bond, Arthur H.

Cottam. Pisani. Hardy, Kurt M. Lyman, Everett G. Larson, Frank

Second row: Blaine Hardcastle, Norman E. King, Seventh row: Clyde Cooley, H. Mark Magleby, R. Johnson, Lavon H. Seamons.

Max E. Curtis, John Fetzer, Sr., Albert Barlow Keith M. Standing, Dan F. Thacker, M. DeMoyne Thirteenth row: Richard E. Turley, Douglas V.

Dooley, Lou Bitton, Robert D. Worthen, John D. Andrus, Richard J. Marshall, Marba Peck, Anna De Erickson, Clayne E. Munk, Donald Ray Nielsen,

Van der Waal, William G. Holman, Jack Leon Tuke, Witt Warren, Paul M. Wilson, John Harold Excetl, Errol Jacobsen, Edward M. Eyring, Charles Berg,

Lewis David Allen, Glen J. Wiese. Boyd Stephen Crabtree, Clead F. Lovelt, H. Mervyn Robert G. Beasley.

Third row: Evan G. Rowell, Oscar Sander, Grace James. Fourteenth row: J. D. Simpson, Donald A. Crofts,

McRae, Amanda Miles Johnston, Naida Maxine Eighth row: William L. Wells, George F. Tischer, Sheron D. Fielding, Eldon Verness Andrews, John

Grimmett, Colleen Benson, Delton J. Connell, ConGlen S. Nielsen, Robert M. Clark, Scott J. Maughan, Calvin Dalley, Thomas E. Augustus, Allen E. Lowe.

don M. Avery, Grant E. Neibaur, Bryant P. McKay, Neldon D. Stanley, Kay L. Baker, Delbert M. Fifteenth row: James L. Bennett, Ray A. Butler,

Evan P. Lyman, Gladys Barnes. Dickmore, Dennis N. Atkinson, Ronald C. Doney, Thad G. Kirkham, Bruce T. Neville, James E. Brown,

Fourth row: Lynn F. James, Paul W. Cutler, N. Norman Noorda. Robert T. Neville, Marvin W. Hollingsworth, John

Kelland Jackson, Eugene N. Allred, Robert J. Ninth row: David Parkinson, W. Howard Curtis, R. Cooper, Doral S. Paxman, Earl W. White.

Brown, Donald Stone, Barbara O. Neal, Maude W. Harold P. McEwan, Keith O. Gleave, Ned R. WinSixteenth row: Cecil A. Smith, Robert K. Worthen,

Dodge, Edward C. Dodge, Lily Norton Hortnagl, ward, Lee R. Chugg, J. Mollis Cordingley, Jonathan Floyd LaVar Barfuss, Gerald C. Webb.

Lorenz Hortnagl, Jay H. Cook, Ralph L. McBride. C. Welch, Dale N. Moss, O. Glade Nelson. Seventeenth row: Philip R. Bloomquist, James E.

Fifth row: Robert J. Halterman, Rosco Heppler, Tenth row: Marvin E. Harper, Stant S. Johnson, Linford, Doyle K. Morgan, Keith N. Johnson.

Jr., Darrell E. Stucki, George Irvin Kirkland, Dale Guy B. Ray, Lloyd Hansen, Norman T. Erekson,

JUNE 1950 535

ADDRESS OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOME

1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif.

if want you to know how much I enjoy The Improvement * I it the I see for of years a read and number Era. have Alta., Canada Calgary,

It this helps magazine. of progress development me and

Editors: Dear I gospel clearly to the understand and more very am much tine readfor the gratitude our express to like should

it this After reading in able to to English. read glad be the to Era access I had always We have Era. in the ing I spiritually. feel strengthened magaziae I it should as appreciate not did and parents'home in my the that I desire the Lord Mission Argentina may From the to forward I look of own home my with a have. Now, that bless magazine so grow your your and work may you I than the more Era, son, and wife, with my evenings my year. month, every and h alleaders our advice the good follow to and at home, did

its pages. % in us for have ways yours, Sincerely I hope it continues and fine magazine, a for again Thinks Sister Betty Campi now. as it is instructive and educational as

Sincerely /&'M. W. Forsyth

Dear Editors:

1948, in after March a I saw days few I was baptized JUST for the first time; of a Era Improvement copy The it THE LIGHT TOUCH

is now my favorite magazine.

Through the pages of this magazine I have learned much State of Mind the of state of great the and the teachings pioneers your about of job boring a on working were of men young group A has inspiration great to me and a been has This Church. packing. assembly t

daily. helped the in me clock o ten it only noticing was young man One.... o'clock."it twelve I were wish said: "Oh, morning Sincerely,

I wish him. beside boy said a nothing,"o'clock, "Twelve Sara Downs

five o'clock."it were

Someone else remarked, "I wish it were five o clockv i on

Friday."Mexican Mission An older man was heard to say: "Just listen to them wishing %

their lives away. As for me, I try to enjoy every hour as %

Dear Editors: it passes."

$ the wish to thank Mission you for of the Mexican in publishing are doing such WE splendid % work you their mouths without putting a Too many people can't open wonderful and interesting magazine. Especially do the mistheir feats in them.

sionaries enjoy the publication because here in Mexico we are so isolated from the regular activities of the Church in $ the States. One day a group of men were building a mammoth wall.

Your Brethren, A stranger walked up and said to one of the workers, "That s your hands."big job on you have Elder Merrill Langford a mighty J. "It isn't so bad. You replied: and laughed The worker Literature of Department

do it one brick at a time."

Pine City, New York Point of View Dear Editors:

A Texan was trying to impress upon a Bostonian the valor

Though not a Latterday Saint I wish to give the testiof the heroes of the Alamo. "I bet you never had anyhody

mony that the Era has been a source of hope and inspiraso brave around Boston,"said the Texan.

tion to me. "Did you ever hear of Paul Revere?"asked the Bostonian.

"Paul Revere?"said the Texan. "Isn't he the guy who

/s/ Thomas D. Milligan ran for help?"

Not Even One "Who was the first man?"asked the visiting school inspector.

"Adam!"shouted a number of boys.

"Who,"went on the inspector, "was the first woman?"

"Eve "came the general shout.

"Who was the meekest man,"went on the inspector.

"Moses,"came the reply.?

"And who was the meekest woman?"the inspector continued. &

The class was silent. The children looked blankly at one

another but none could answer. Finally a grimy little hand

went up. SS

"Well, and who was it?"asked the inspector.

"There wasn t any,"came the boy's reply. V

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tokick a(nat&i on

es3/\nticorrosive action! Protects

against the main cause of piston wear.

If ONE U.S. QUART Mtf ANTIACIP itlubrhtectin

ACTION I Guards against the damaging effect phiUlpB fRising J* of acids on bearing surfaces. {Phillip Belectfd cola suo is Qil uous thacactionaUon *. So eans heat less to jected raM on It ore utieS MSN CLEANSING better retainslubncatmg

\ne.esiBtsdecompotJ y

! ACTION Helps.-cs otects better and varnish. prevent sludge Helps save gasoline. PREmium eoroutVdingcH1QT0R OH

EH3ULTRAHIGH STABILITY! HeipS

maintain constant level of oil viscosity

GET IT AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS

PHILLIPS 6tit PREMIUM MOTOR OIL Listen to the Rex Allen Show Every Friday Night over C.B.S., 8 P.M., M. S.T.

... CHANGE EVERY 1000I CLEAN OIL CLEANS BETTER MILESR

STORM MOUNTAIN... PEACEFUL VALLEY

All in one landscape—or in one lifetime—you will find a study in contrasts: everything

from serene, peaceful, lush valleys to cloudringed insecurity of a storm mountain.

For every circumstance or occasion,

it pays to be prepared.

litw.

ENEFICIAL LI

Insurance Company Albert. Sr Salt Lake City, Utah