<&Birdwatchers -we teiow simply adore AH T2ie convenience o ixnviews 2STew Sliding Glass Door

by Fuller, of course

in your f all the can make you improvements dramatic, will most be the Sliding Glass Doors Trimview home, Only the best most beautiful by far! These ruggedly handsome aluminum Our TRIMVIEW Building Products

and glass doors will give you the pleasure of indooroutdoor are the finest you can buy living for a long lifetime. Check these important features: SLIDING DOORS SLIDING WINDOWS

All panels slide Precisionfitted for whispersmooth LOUVRE WINDOWS SLIDING SCREEN DOORS operation Weatherproofed protection against drafts and WINDOW SCREENS TUB ENCLOSURES moisture Sliding screens in matching finish Fuller SHOWER DOORS MEDICINE CABINETS

Twinpane Doors for colder climates. CASEMENT WINDOWS

EASY PAYMENT PLAN!

For full information, see your nearest FULLER

Paint and Glass Store, or write: W. P. Fuller & Co.,

Dept. GL, 301 Mission Street, San Francisco 19. FULLER

c&2Sn and everyone else who's seen them! PAINTS GLASS

<?0 W. P. FULLER & CO.

Exploring the Universe

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

r\o ruminants such as sheep and cattle -* sleep? Evidence found by a number of students of the problem now

strongly indicates that these animals do not normally lose consciousness during either day or night. It has been

suggested by C. C. Balch that this peculiarity may be related to the need

of the thorax to be in an upright position during rumination and the requirement of time and consciousness for the rechewing of swallowed food.

Tn studies on migratory birds the *- United States Fish and Wildlife

Service has banded over seven million birds and is banding now about 500,000 each year. There are many interesting

results of this bird marking. A young

pintail banded in Labrador on September 7, 1951, was caught in England two weeks later on September 25, 1951. Another pintail banded in Alaska in the

summer of 1950 was caught in Delaware in the fall of 1951. In other cases, a

pintail banded in North Dakota has been found in Colombia, one banded in California found in New Zealand, and one banded in Hawaii caught in

Alberta, Canada. The longest record

is that of a Caspian tern banded in

Michigan in the summer of 1925 and found 26 years later in Ohio.

Radioactive scandium46, added to sewage as a tracer, was used in a recent study to determine in what manner sewage mixed with ocean water over a 25square-mile area in Santa Monica

Bay, California. The study was made

to help design an expansion of the Los

Angeles sewage system without polluting the beaches.

Phe art of printing from movable type -"spread so rapidly from about 1450 when it was perfected by Johann Gutenberg that it has been estimated that 38,000 separate editions were printed in the fifteenth century, about onethird of them in Italy and onethird in Germany.Even more impressive is the fact that M PURITY

titles published bethe books of 24,839 fore are PURITY BISCUIT CO Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello (called 1501 incunabula) known, and the list in not complete.

MAY 1957 289 TailorMade for Your IN THE WAKE OF EASTER

Church's by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Youth Activities.. VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

IF you had one last speech to make, reliability and dependability. It is right

and knew it would be among your and proper to do so. Blessed are such

SUNDAY SCHOOL and last earthly records, what subject would a child and such parents. But how

you select? many, and where and when, extend

VACATION BIBLE SCHOOLS This question came recently. Upon a word of encouragement, extend love

some reflection the answer suggested itand help to the struggling parent and

SUMMER CAMPS self: some phase of the law of love, his struggling child who, with the same

perhaps, especially, forgiveness. teachings and social environment, do

and CONFERENCES Two considerations came in arriving less than well or have made what is at this impression. From the indelible called a "mistake"? Here is the test

imprint of the message of love, came of love. Who can pass this test?

the words of Luke, recorder of the parWhy is it convenient to give where ables of the prodigal son, of the woman no gifts are needed? Why is it diffiWuRLllZER found in adultery, of Mary Magdalene: cult to look, even askance, where gifts

would bring succor, relief, help? Why

they were place, to the when And come PORTABLE to tend "pass the other do we by on is called Calvary, there which crucithey priest as the the Levite and fied malefactors, the him, and one the side,"on piano right hand, and the other on the left. Why are the Good Samaritans in suchdid?

Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; short supply?

for they know not what they do. (Luke This is the overture. Now for some

23:3334.) main themes:

Second, came a flood of impressions, 2. Are we in danger of losing some

born of events and conditions of our of the most precious aspects of man's times. Supposing the spirit, and with spiritual inheritance? I refer to thosew it the fine art, of forgiveness should be qualities of the spirit which elevate hulost? man dignity above the level of creature

There are always forces at work ambition: the love of learning for its

which threaten this principle. What own sake, of honor, mercy, justice for

LIGHTWEIGHT, are those all (including some of them? we don't like),

in compact 1. kindness, Are and forgiveness. As prelude and overture, are we in loving.., carries size

like a danger of misconstruing the principle these qualities receiving proper nurture suitcase to mean love (and respect) only for the in these years and months, considering things we, I, or a few of us, easily accept the unusual religious activity in this or like? Do we tend to dismiss, cateentire country? To have one hundred

gorically, the unfamiliar, the things we percent attendance of all members in

The versatility of the Wurlitzer Elecdon't like or do not understand? Such all churches, to top the list, to win the

tronic Piano will amaze you... lightan attitude runs quickly aground. Love, prize so to speak, and yet lose the soul

weight, small in size, it carries easily from carried in such a frail craft, is soon shipand heart of religion, could serve room to room, providing music wherever wrecked. How easy to love those easy neither God nor man. Despite automais more of mercy, it's needed. Whether it's a special outdoor to love! How difficult to "love your tion, unless there

longsuffering bless enemies, other's that infirmiyou, curse with each them do or regular School Sunday summer camp ties, that kindness, curmore brotherly hate the you, good to them pray and activity, Electronic Wurlitzer the rugged rent for pulsating regimentation of religious despitefully which use them you, is to impervious completely Piano tem-.".. activity persecute throughout you; the land (Matt. and could 5:44.) prove

or perature varying changes humidity—

to is be prayers hears empty. religion for ascend enenemies, today And Who its beautiful tone never of goes and out

joying social often, a is in popularity, at these least and in times? how Who tune. control Unique volume permits

States, the to bless its heard rarely United that curse in enjoyed him? them

at playing time any without disturbing history. witnessed can be to doing good Who adjacent for ideal activities—earphones those that hate him? that assume in engage Can we men "silent"practice. you'll find the And

is It for parents easy to teachers or religious activity in order to acquire price of the modest Wurlitzer Electronic brilliant child, receive to a laud the qualities, more Godlike greater becoming to a Piano your boon budget. church for of friends child's plaudits faiththe in soul than old our self—including

ful performance of duties, his one huntm a* *a s5. wm MQJI Col/pOfl ToctdV sa <"s* %s ** ssw s

dred percent attendance at meetings, his (Continued on page 366)

The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company Dept. IE557 DeKalb, Illinois

Please send me information on Wurlitier

Electronic Piano

Name, sags.; THESE TIMES

Street. Oi City -State.

K f '&?/ MK && '&& jjflj,? *::-:-; c;;;*:*::* -M-i.:;-::'* SKk -KSft &K* 05W:-:;:::::-:-;:-;..-..-..

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A BOOK PARENTS WILL READ T & CHERISH

MOTHERHOOD, A Partnership with God

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom In the pages of this downto-earth volume, the reader will find a rich and diversified collection of human and divine wisdom. It contains dozens

of inspired sermons and writings of General Authorities from Joseph Smith down to President

David O. McKay, and choice writings of women

l3 s C,''; li: themselves while serving on General Boards of the

Relief Society. This delightful volume covers such

topics as: "The Art of Rearing Children Peacefully,""What Shall We Do With Our Boys Who

Smoke?", "Beginning Life Together,""Queens

for Eternity,""When Family Life Disintegrates,""What Makes a Home Strong?", "What Does the

Church Owe Me?", "Should Mothers Go Out to

Work?", '"Why Our Jealousies?". "MOTHERHOOD, A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD,"will

contribute to the success and happiness of every wife and mother—in her home and with her family.

$3.50

Motherhood is the one thing in all the world which most truly exemplifies the Godgiven virtues of creating and sacrificing. Though it

carries the woman close to the brink of death, motherhood also leads her into the very realm of the fountains of life and makes her copartner with the Creator in bestowing upon eternal spirits mortal life."

—David O. McKay

AVAILABLE FROM BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE BOOKCRAFT DEALERS

EVERYWHERE 1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911

These three motor hotels LDS owned and operated. Make them your headquarters

when in Phoenix, Arizona.

MAY 1957 291 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60—NUMBER 5 OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints MAY 1957

THE COVER

The bloom of springtime—on a child's

face and in the glorious creations of natureis reflected in our fullcolor cover this month.

The photography is by Lei and Van Wagoner.

DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

Editors Doyle L. Geeen

The Editor's Page Managing Editor

Marba C, Joseph son "Watch Over the Church Always"President David O. McKay 301 Associate Managing Editor

Church Features Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Production Editor Question: Your Immortality Fielding and Eternal Life Joseph Smith 302 Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Stay Close to the Church.... Grant 308 G. Woolley

Peter, James, and John...L. James Ottesen 313 Research Editor

on the The Sermon Eileen Gibbons Jesus the Christ—XI

Doyle L. Green 316 Manuscript Editor Mount, MIA—Reading Course: WestergaardGenealogy The C. Westergaard 319 J.

The Second Advent (A Reprint) Charles W. Penrose 326

F. Bennett Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talks—The Presidents Speak on Prayer 328 Archibald

The Church Moves On 296 Melehizedek Priesthood 352 G. Homer Durham

New Appointee to YWMIA General Presiding Bishopric's Page 354 Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Board 298 Milton R, Hunter Hugh Nibley Special Features Claude B. Petersen

The Balance of Government Ezra Taft Benson 304 Sidney B. Sperry

The Diagnosis Omer A. Kearney 307 Contributing Editors

The Golden Rule in Action Fred Schwendiman 314 the Valleys Let Sing Mirla Greenwood 322 Thayne CURTIS to Parents: Challenge Need for Belonging K. Antone 324 ELBERT R. A Romney General Manager of the Cedar The Twig Sorenson 330 John L.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 332, 336, 340, 344 BERTHA S. REEDER Leisure Time—A Blessing or a Blight? Jesse R. Smith 334 A ssociate Manager

"Thy Neighbor as Thyself"R. G. Hansen 352

Verl F, Scott Exploring the Eyes Through the Universe, Franklin S. Harof Youth—"Blessed

...289 ns. Jr in Heart,"Are the Pure W. J. Brebner.298 Business Manager

These Times, In the Wake of Easter, Your Page and Ours 268 A, Glen Snarr

G. Homer Durham 290 Subscription Director

Today's Family Thayer Evans Signs of Spring, Norma Burnham 356 Story for a Small Son, Kerry Wood 361 Regional A dverttsing

Handy Hints 360 Represe n tative

Stories, Poetry EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Offices, St. 50 North Main To Be a King—IV...Hugh Cannon

Offices, 40 St. North Main 310 YWMIAYMMIA Thought R. SutherlandJ. for the Morrow Deone 320 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Home on the Earth, Anobel Armour...294 A Later Rachel, Estella Giesking 337 National Advertising Representatives

Frontispiece, Prairie Wisdom, Grace V. Christie Old Jeffries...338 Barn at Morning,

Watkins 299 Adolescence, Russell Solveig Paulson 346 TOWNSEND,110 SutterMILLSAPSt. & CO.

Poetry Page 300 Hermit Thrush, Maude Rubin 365 San Francisco, California

MILLSAP & CO. Inc., byCopyright 1957 Funds, Mutual published and by the Mutual Associations Improvement of the TOWNSEND, 672 Lafayette Park Place of Jesus ChristChurch of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. price, Subscription $2.50 a year, 57, Los California Angeles

in foreign advance; subscriptions, $3.00 a year, single in advance; copy. 25c

SANGSTON ASSOCIATES at theEntered Office, Post City, Salt secondclass Lake as Utah matter. for Acceptance at SADLER AND mailing Ave. Madisonspecial rate of postage for provided in section 1103. of Act 1917, October authorized 2, 1918. July 17, York N. Y. New342The Improvement responsible is not Era for unsolicited manuscripts, but contributions. welcomes

paidManuscripts are acceptance for on DAVIS & SONS at the rate of iy2 c a word and must be accompanied by suffifor St.cient postage delivery return. 30 N. LaSalle and

Illinois Chicago,Thirty days'notice required for address. change of a change, please include When ordering address

slip recent issue from a of the magazine. Address changes cannot be unless the made old address as Member, Audit Bureau of Circulationswell as the is included. one new

INSPIRATIONAL CLASSICS.. LITTLE

BOOKS with BIG MESSAGES

1. THE KINGSHIP OF SELFCONTROL

by William George Jordan Vigorous and practical essays advocating high prinVV.*. simpleciples, living,nobilityandof selfdirection.life, robust strength of character,$1.00

2. THE GREATEST THING IN THE WORLD

by Henry Drurnmond The famous message on love which this Scottish writer and lecturer developed from the 13th chapter of I Corinthians.

$1.00 7. 3. THE MAJESTY OF CALMNESS

by William George Jordan Former Saturday Evening Post editor, who wrote with epiiet the personal philosophy about

... and ours. Teachings of the problemscommon -senseof his andown soundtime $1.00

4. THE CHANGED LIFE

Henry Drurnmond Doctrine & Covenants must put ourselvestells from inpersonalthe wayexperienceof the Powerwhy thatand how we

William E. Berrett can change us. $1.00

This enlightening book on Doctrine and Covenants scriptures explains how revelations form 5. MAN DOES NOT STAND ALONE

Morrison A. Cressy by well as governmentthe basis of Church

for to stimulating want book people who as pro- A to all directives personal Churchvide LDS faith, science and to harmonize couple reason with all andthinking members. religion.

$3.00 i. m fl $1.50 mm

6. THE HEART OF THE ROSE

by Mabel A. McKee

All who have read this touching little story are deeply 8. moved by it and the idea behind it: "My strength is the

strength of ten, because my heart is pure."

Teachings of the 75c

oflfe New Testament Lowell L. Bennion

A thoughtprovoking book that arouses enthusiasm for the teachings of Jesus Christ as it analyzes the Divine instructions of Jesus and shows their application in today's modern life.

$3.50 Jotbehold-

tie arefe DESERET BOOK COMPANY For Behold Ye Are Free Lynn McKinlay / 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity,TempleUtah

Man's free agency and his likeness to God are fundamental principles y Gentlemen:

upon which all LDS religious concepts are based. This is the subject Enclosed you will find

'sof Elder McKinlay latest book, in which he urges each person to make righteous choices.wise and $2.25 chargecheckto ( my) moneyaccountorderfor ( the) Official Publishers to the LDS Church / encircled (numbered) books:

L-/ 1 23456789 4*// Name

Address..

DeseretlSooh Co. City. Zone State

,,. 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah.,..-* Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

'vrwjfySfTtwirf MAY 1957 293 New Appointee to YWMIA General Board

SJne

tke

Hermine Briggs

General President Bertha S. Reeder

of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association has announced the appointment of Hermine

Briggs to membership on the general

of Magrath, is a native Miss Briggs Festival of Learning attended A board. Alberta, She has Canada.

awaits you at business college in Calgary, Alberta, and has attended Brigham Young

University for three years. She filled

a mission for the Church in the SouthLEADERSHIP WEEK ern States, and is a former member

June 2429, 1957 of the YWMIA board in the Salt Lake

Stake. At the time of this appointshe is board, general to the ment BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY E. Berrett, to Elder secretary William

vice president in charge of religion system. school the unified Church LEADERSHIP forEVERYONEchurch officers;INVITEDTheeveryoneweekmayis notattend.only of

residing she in Provo While on Stay right WEEK "EXTRAS"ACCOMMODATIONS—has camserved as a member of the East Provo halls. Meals pus in comfortable residence

Threeact play may be arranged on board and room Stake Sunday School board and

Fashion show basis, on meal ticket or individually. Gleaner and Junior Gleaner instructor

REGISTRATION—Only a twodollar regisfor several years. She has been first

Daily feature movies entitles you to admission tration fee to all and second counselor in the Relief materials, outline classes, and attendance

Devotional assemblies at all events. Society of the BYU Second Ward,

Flower show EXTRA COURTESIES—Your attendance will Brigham Young University Stake for

free transporby more pleasant be made

Exhibits areas the past two years. She is a Golden lounging campus, tation around

Concerts by great artists rest,near emergencyclass activitieshealthfor service.those who wish to generalGleaner.boardHer isfirstwithassignmentthe dramaoncomthe

Family organization meeting INTENSIVE COURSES—You may choose mittee.

for in "helps"of classes hundreds Tours from workers, organization auxiliary Church

Archaeology symposium "helps"in family living, genealogy research, Ford Foundation discussions, HOME ON THE EARTH

Printed helps science, literature, current events, etc.

By Anobel Armour CLIP AND MAIL TPhe universe is hers because she knows

That God holds earth secure in his great palm, To: LEADERSHIP WEEK From greenest hill to one red garden rose,

Adult Education and Extension Services So that the whole is one eternal psalm.

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah A small brown acorn houses a big tree,

Please send me free of charge a 1957 Leadership Week bulletin including And slender shards of grass push through detailed class schedule and other information. in spring

So that she sees her own kind words can be

NAME.... A gentle hymn in praise of everything.

She is at home on earth because earth is

ADDRESS AA placeplace forwhichbringingshows musicthe bountyto the thatheart,is his,

Who gives to her small sharing for her part.

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOW MANY CAN YOU ANSWER?

Where does the day begin? Where does dust come from? What makes Johnny's dimple?

What makes me hungry? Why doesn't it hurt when he cuts my hair? What are daddies for?

J '

Do dogs dream? Why does soap make me clean? Where am I when I sleep?

to and things gift make of stories, games, knowledge.?"inspiring the wonderful give him are what Daddy, How "Why, mommy?

. of knowledge. this world of wide out do hii ith try ever keep, You up you can at his now... education home Advance initiative he the and confidence the.draws he discourages..for nothing best. you know your.. This. with KNOWLEDGE. OF BOOK THE adult. successful happy, a to become needs maybe"... "Later, than more his eager mind purfor one designed delightful was work opportunity the deserves same child Your don't "I know."questions. child's As to your answer pose: you enjoying. Only are others of thousands picthe finds even pages, he the turns he child's future is vital to your so toNothing coupon the it Mail to him. give can it is easy learns how Soon, he tures teach! right They now. right answers... the in as you, will give booklet color free day. A himself. for And—the answers to look up them, to world. the With his windows are from BOOK taken THE pages color actual these of else. Out something discovers he lose. gift never can he You give a him you into glimpse fascinating a picKNOWLEDGE, of OF thousands their with pages... 7600 desert will ally him never give an who him work. this unique their articles, thrilling of tures, hundreds destroyed.... never that be You wealth can a

|FREE for your boy or girl... this delightful color booklet MAIL THIS FREE BOOKLET COUPON 1

SOCIETY GROLIER Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles 5, Calif. j[ Suite 912, 3450

Please send me "ride the magic carpet,"the 24page full- j color booklet taken from the newest revision of THE book THE BOOK of knowledge. I understand it is FREE and without

obligation of any kind.

There are children in my family, ages!

NAME.,OF KNOWLEDGETHE CHILDREN S ENCYCLOPEDIA ADDRESS.,

.ZONE., CITY Inc. Society publication The Grolier of A COUNTY STATE.

Imp. Era. 5-57 TheSTEP UP Illustrated booklet with your future tells ten minutes YOUR INCOME!

Build how.you a new career

for bothcomes average far above or menwork andparttimewomen.anywhereFor freeinbookletU.S.A. writeor Canada.L. L. Stoe,In- ) The Grolier Society Inc.

at address in coupon, or call HUnter 4-5425.

MAY 1957 295 the Church Moves On to Day Chronology of Church Events A Day

President Creer's counselors are Elders 35; Dublan 73, Valley View Third 54.

February 1957 Owen J. Cook and Kenneth D. Jensen. Consolation bracket: American Fork

v Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant Bothserved Presidentas counselorsCreerto Presidentand ElderRanker.Cook FourthClinton 41,45; KaysvilleParadise Second33; Downey54, Helper55,

BmF'to the Council of the Twelve, 53; Draper Third 35, Orem Eleventh 34.

JF returned to Salt Lake City after touring the South Pacific. He had visThe third annual allChurch

in the allChurch junior Rv Scores Fiji Islands; Basketballited Suva, tournament Samoa; New I hW"Junior

softball tournament:Zealand, w here he opened at the George Nelson fjfjfr'the cornerhad laid PP*

stone of the New Zealand Temple; fieldhouse, Utah State University camJr Championship bracket: StockAustralia, where he dedicated the pus, Logan, Utah. Scores were (Teams ton 41, Pocatello Sixth 38; Edgehill

Ipswich Branch chapel January 19, and from Utah, unless otherwise marked.): Second 50, Nephi First 47.

losers: Thirdday East 62, Garland Mt. Hurtsvillethe chapel, Branch January First (CaliCity 54, Cedar Downey Eighteenth 49; Logan 45, Ogden Phoenix Hawaii,22; he attended where quarterly First fornia) Edgehill 49; 72, Second First 41.

ofconferences and Honolulu Oahu (Ari31; Phoenix Freedom (Wyoming) losers: Secondday 65, Dublan Vanstakes, the mission. and toured First First zona) Clinton 55, 39; Nephi 49; Center Mill 54, Creek Nuys Third

49, Neola 40; Center 55, Boise (Idaho) 52.

bracket: Consolation Fork American March 1957 Eighthburg (Idaho)26; DublanSeventh(Mexico)24; 60,RexburgRexFourth 50, Kaysville Second 46; Downey

nW It was announced that a color (Idaho) Third 56, Glenwood (Alberta) 70, Draper Third 44.

Vfnfr and sound motion picture film 21; East Garland 73, Long Beach (CaliFirst fornia) (California) 70; Nuys Van the on Los Angeles has Temple First Presidency The announced Pocatello 63, Sixth 57; Helper (Idaho) afterheen completed year's nearly a of the Elder appointment TheoKaysville 52, 54, Mt. 38; Second Ogden iswork, for ready and puhlic showing. dore of Moyle Burton Logan, (California) 31; Stockton Aurora 57, tells film of story the theThe planning Jtah, president as of the West German Paradise Valley 46; Third View of building the Losand Angeles Temple 46, Mission, President succeeding Kenneth Fork Mill Fourth 38; American Creek its interiors, at magnificentand shows filled P. President Dyer. a misBurton

31; 38, Eleventh Eugene Third Oremthe explaining time the functions same 1927sion in Mission, the SwissGerman

44, 39; (Oregon) Logan Second Wasatch is It of purposes the temple.and being later, 193437, active in 30, and was

33. 38, Eighteenth Draper Third regularly at Inof theshown Bureau affairs technical a Church he was when

formation on the grounds of the Los assistant to the U S Treasury attache in

Angeles Temple. 1. Scores in the allChurch junior Vienna, Austria, and Berlin, Germany.

is of Salt a native Lake City, and tournament played in He W basketball served superintendent once Logan: as YMMIA RV Elder Harold B. Lee of the kJW'F Council of the Twelve dedicated Championship bracket: Pocatello Sixth the Fourth Ward, Pioneer Stake. He ofis

the Olympus (Utah) seminary 51, Eugene 40; Mount Ogden 43, Van a former bishop of the Logan Fourth

building. Nuys 33; Nephi First 52, Millcreek Ward, has served as a high councilman

Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to Third 43; Logan Eighteenth 50, Rexburg of the Cache (Utah) Stake, and is curthe Council of the Twelve, dedicated the Third 46; Phoenix First 53, Center 46 rently president of the high priests'quochapel of the Howards (North Carolina) (overtime); Edgehill Second 62, Cedar rum of East Cache Stake. He is professor

Branch, Central Atlantic States Mission. City First 49; Stockton 63, Dublan 48; of chemistry at Utah State University.

Earlier in this mission tour Elder Sill East Garland 55, Valley View Third 45. With him to this new assignment will

had dedicated chapels at Pearlsburg, Consolation bracket: American Fork go Mrs. Burton and their son, Robert

Virginia; Newport News, Virginia; Fourth 52, Long Beach First 42; Kays- P. Burton.

Mount Airy, North Carolina; and Royal ville Second 60, Wasatch Second 58 It was announced that new music,

Pines, North Carolina. (overtime); Helper 47, Aurora 46 composed by Dr. Crawford Gates for the

Sunday evening meetings throughout (double overtime); Orem Eleventh 66, Hill Cumorah pageant, "America's Witthe Church were sponsored by the ReNeola 64 (overtime); Draper Third 44, ness for Christ,"has now been recorded

lief Society, which marks the 115th Glenwood 41; Clinton 47, Boise Eighth in the Salt Lake Tabernacle by the Utah

anniversary of its founding later this 41; Paradise 39, Rexburg Seventh 31; Symphony Orchestra and by members

month. Downey 60, Freedom 30. of choruses from Brigham Young University. The sixtyfive minute musical

Pw President David O. McKay adwork is written in nineteen movements.

r dressed the annual Scouters'conWv Scores in the allChurch junior Scores in the final games of the junior

JT vention of the Great Salt Lake* RflP softball tournament: allChurch softball tournament: StockCouncil, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. |F Championship bracket: Pocaton 48, Edgehill Second 33 (first and

The meeting was attended by 6500 Boy tello Sixth 46, Mount Ogden 27; Edgesecond); Pocatello Sixth 44, Nephi First

Scouts and their leaders. hill Second 52, Phoenix First 37; Nephi 42 (third and seventh); Logan EightFirst 47, Logan Eighteenth 37; Stockton eenth 53, East Garland 47 (fourth and

iKv Elder Norman B. Creer sustained 51, East Garland 44. eighth); Dublan 73, Center 44 (fifth

; Downey 45, American Fork jjn as president of the Walnut Creek Secondday losers: Van Nuys 53, Euand ninth)

(California) Stake, succeeding gene 41; Mill Creek Third 57, Rexburg Fourth 41 (sixth and tenth).

the late President Emery R. Ranker. Third 54; Center 53, Cedar City First (Concluded on page 365)

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When grain says nil A BIGACREAGE LEADER PAYS BEST

% s Harvest grain by the section—cleaner, faster, more complete cleaning and separation.

er than ever—with a GleanerBaldwin You gain welcome steering ease, stability

combine. Count on saving all the quality of and traction from centerline design. Yes, the

your harvest... or your customer's... with smooth harvest hum of the 14foot Gleanerthe exclusive downfront cylinder providing Baldwin Model A signals performance equaled

sure crop feeding and longer separating area. by no other bigacreage combine.

Look to the twofan cleaning system for fastWhere Dollars Come From Grain, Seed and Beans...

Sill The New Super 100 delivers Performance of an ALL -CROP Here's Why the BigBin 66 ALLCROP HarHarvester...Capacity and Advantages of a SelfPropelled. vester Leads the 6-Foot Field.

New traction and flotation with big 1124 drive Boosts capacity, reduces power and fuel tires and 7:5016 steering tires. needed—with WideFlow Feeding.

Better weight distribution on drivers and steering Rubs out grain and seed with rubberfaced tires means added stability and control on hillsides. cylinder bars and concaves.

Controlled wideflow feeding with new retractableStarts separation behind cylinder with high, finger auger—for 9 or 12foot header. arching air blast.

More comfort, vision, and ease from inclined steerSaves and cleans more grain with sawtooth ing wheel. Power steering available. wind valves.

AUISCHAIMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE I. WISCONSIN

Listen to the National Farm and

Home Hour every Saturday over your'

NBC radio station. ALUSCHALMERS

CleanerBaldwin and AllCrop are AllisChalmcrs trademark*.

MAY 1957 297 Blessed

Are the

Pure in Heart

by W. J. Brebner

Ouryoungscripturesfolk arewho fulldrewof talesinnerof ourshouldsouls,rejoicenay,at oursuchwholea privilege.beings

strength from their purity of We also have, in this regard, yet

set to accomplish about what would ParFather. by to Theology In KeyAT GRADUATION purpose and purity of mind as they another gift from our Heavenly tasks. impossible to be seem There read: ley P. Pratt, pages 120121, we

give a handsome Latterday are Joseph who was sold into Egypt, "With what tenderness of love, with

Saint Bible, printed by the but rose there to be the chief officer what solicitude of affection will they world's oldest publishers of in the time of famine; Nephi, who [the spirits of the departed good]

Bibles—Cambridge University believed that "... the Lord giveth no watch over our slumbers, hang about

commandments unto the children of our pillow, and seek to communicate

Press. men, save he shall prepare a way for with our spirits, to warn us of dangers

them..."(1 Nephi 3:7) and went or temptation, to comfort and soothe

THE OFFICIAL LDS BIBLE forth and obtained the records necesour sorrow, or to ward off the ills sary for the enlightenment of his which might befall us, or perchance

These lovely Missionary Bibles—tastepeople; Joseph Smith, who sought wisto give us some kind token of reluxurious fully four in handcrafted as in a grove, church to which dom, of love!"undying To membrance

covers, styles overlapping with binding... found youth was right. Each as this, blessing a high obtain such finest milkwhite the printed and on

India paper in clear, readable Cameo himself, as he made himself worthy my brothers and sisters, we must live type—contain the complete authorized of divine aid in his time of need. the commandments of God, we must

text of the King James Version and We may follow this example. We strive to fulfil his belief in us and

References. helpful the LDS Ready All may purge our minds of the evil perform only those actions, speak fullcolor eight a concordance, have

maps and map index, and ruled note thoughts that are wont to take posonly those words, think only those paper. Any one of these official LDS session of us unawares. We must althoughts that a good, wise, and loving

appropriate Bibles makes Satan our guard because be on ways us do. Father have would Heavenly

gift a lifetime rememgraduation a—superbly us all to tempt at lurks moments

of purity Purity of purpose inspiration. and brance of beauty and

of the truthfulness the from away of the mainsprings be should mind this gifts easy way. graduationSelect your If subare and gospel. humble we earthly endeavors. adhere our If we

will will Lord, to Bibles the are All we Cambridge mit our this principle, to the Lord promhas

UNCONDITIONALLY gain this goal. ised us a great blessing. Quoting

GUARANTEED But we must not suppose that from the Doctrine and Covenants, the

MBl Black Moroccoette binding, MorocChrist has left us to battle the forces Lord has said: "... then shall

of evil alone. contrary, the he On lined, coette #9.00. strong in confidence thy the wax

indexed, #10.50 Thumb of given the has most us one wonof the doctrine presence and of God; Finest Persian black MoroccoMB3 derful that could companions man distil thy shall the priesthood leather, lined, upon Moroccoette #12.00. Thumb indexed, #13.50 possess—the Holy Ghost. On the soul as the dews from heaven.

of promising Ghost the Holy Finest black Persian Morocco occasionMB4 lined, leather, leather #14.00. said: to his disciples, Christ "But "The Holy Ghost shall be thy conindexed, #15.50 thy scepter an and stant companion, Thumb

I is come, the Comforter when whom binding, white leatherMBW Beautiful of scepter righteousness unchanging will the Father, send unto you from #13.00

shall be and truth; and thy dominion Spirit of truth, prothe even which ORDER NOW everlasting without dominion, an and Father, shall the ceedeth from he THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Street, 44 it shall East Temple South flow unto compulsory means testify of 15:26.) me."(John What

10, Salt City Lake Utah Please send me the Missionary Bible (s) a wonderful blessing this is! How thee forever and ever."(121:4546.)

whose number(s) I have circled below.

Payment Enclosed Q Charge My Account

MBl MB3 MB4 MBW MBl Indexed MB3 Indexed MB4 Indexed

NAME ADDRESS CITY ZONE.... STATE.

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by Harold M. Lambert

I walked a road that led Prairie \J ne childhood day

Where wide and golden sunlight warmed the ground.

And, coming to our prairie home, I found Wisdom My mother in the kitchen slicing bread.

Then, brimming with the eagerness of life,

I said, "Oh, may I cut the loaf?"and she

by Grace V. Watkins

Paused in her work and answered quietly, "Of course you may,"and handed me the knife.

Remembering the ragged slices through

The years when prairie memories return,

I offer thanks because my mother knew

Uncompromising lessons I must learn,

Because she understood with wordless art

The slow refining of the hand and heart.

MAY 1957 299 WHO WOULD BE MASTER—

By Ruby Zagoren

'The hunter is the hunted;

The slayer is the slain;

And he who hurts another Will suffer deeper pain.

The end is the beginning;

Tomorrow is today;

And problems that seem hopeless

Are pointing out the way.

To us who would be masters, CERTAINTY THIS IS THE WAY OurFor allsightour ismanymuchtanglestoo short;

By Frances Minden Boggus By Catherine E. Berry Dissolve in time's slow court.

in land, the seeds deep{planted is to go, the a heart TThis was meant way RAIN THE SECOND of field grain Envisioning a solitude, In of earth; ones the feed hungryTo that night, winds the stormy the Braving By Jane Merchant

... I vain. task theAlone, was knew blow,

sunshine theI could not make stars that brood; The of rain 'The today brought quick thought rain. the Or lies to through darkness ahead Groping what A surprise,

Unseen, unknown, stirred expectation. unexpected anI of small these seeds one knew: Not are the place Leaving where dreams cold AndAfter the glaring of skies barren weeks life tiny held in a podThat dead, and rain cool deliberation, had come, The with staff of life as the blossomCould alone. Walking ago; slowly earth week and had grown A rain sod dusty sun and andFrom is the necessity, the grim This way Entirely satisfied green; with went we for mortal nourishmentAs man heart, a purge To like tranquil hearts, With people have who God. Without the roots out Tear with crumbled now known decay, Participation in a sacrament.

part. shriveled Each ETCHINGS CARELESS trembling the hands With I mend see to the silvered now, broken And windowpane wall,

breathe again and Once more the freshened Gustafson By Mary fall. Lift the shattered pieces as they up air!

HPhe leaves of the cottonwood Renewing our acquaintanceship with rain,

Rustle and shake Not as exotic wonder, strange and rare,

In a wisp of breezes. But as a native here-—with one accord

Their shadows make We sense the rhythms of our days restored.

Patterns etched strip theOn of sand PRAYER IN SPRING trace I canThat

With my restless hand. By Helen Harrington

GOLDEN HORSE TO RIDE I ord,niggardif theandfieldsunwillinglie hardnow,and tight,

By Margery S. Stewart thank thee for plow.

if the furrows slight no show son, Lord, at me, lookCome pledge of green need, to meet my truly; Look at me

I never promised you thank thee for seed.

A golden horse to ride.

I only showed you mesas Blade and leaf and grain will grow

Where beautiful, unruly if I will go break ground and sow,

Ponies are racing. and I will go.

You must bestride.

I never promised you WILD GARDEN

The sweet silver fiddle;

AndI left youopenheardthe itswindow,song.—Photo bij Frank ]. Miller By Stanton A. Coblentz

it, it; orFind make it stray a Tlfake said, garden!"observers

riddle;This is your * tiny our ring Scanning of meadowland; is perilous, wayThe DEFENSE FOR OUR petunias, "Roses, bed, dahlia a and is long. nightThe

All trimly spaced planned."and By Schow Iris W.

I never promised you lifted But never to repress a spade we for duels, your sword winningA of are to this, power, at peak * nd come we bursting green. so grass the grew And I didBut you show ** surest see our in hour The an weapons To

tall, is steel kept; theWhere at a toward heaven Mushroomed sudden

wild broom's bright wilderunbroken And fires,I the forge threw on thrust ness strength, and myMy sifting over destructive us dust? jewels, And

in a golden wall; Glowed life in burned themMy orders to ancient retreat or charge The

I the prayers wept.And meaningless; becomes a Grow manpower

targe. And starry buttercups, and scattered blues

"Supply line...""Reconnoiter..."What Of lupin, and slim bells of tasseled white;

NUMBER I were these? And striped and creamy yellow tulip hues,

"Reconnaissance?"As well predict the And ferns that huddled from sight;

By Thelma Ireland breeze!

Yet we may walk with confidence restored, And vines with fair snowbuds, and fennel

A thrush awakens me with song, For promise bares for us the flaming sword stalks,

A trilling, lilting serenade. If at our best defense we take our stand Fantastic as in some great tapestried room,

Today he sings with extra verve And serve our Lord, the God of this choice Till we had never seen, on patterned walks,

He's first on this week's Hit Parade. land. A lovelier garden bloom.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Editor's page

r by President David O McKay

"Watch Over the Church Always the twentieth section of the Doctrine and Covethird, a knowledge, as much as may be obtained at

Innants we find this definition: least by thoughtful consideration and prayer, of how

"The teacher's duty is to watch over the church you are going to teach.

always, and be with and strengthen them; What you are going to teach is the gospel of Jesus

"And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither Christ. When you have any special message—tithing

hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor for example, study that principle, first by "taking heed evil speaking; unto yourself"to see if you can teach it consistently. If

"And see that the church meet together often, and it be prayer, "take heed unto yourself"in regard to also see that the members do their duty."(D & C 20:53prayer. Do you get down on your knees before you

55.) go out to teach that message? Do you study some boy

is a little questionable in his life to know just what A careful analysis of these duties discloses the fact who that the ward teachers possess six qualifications: those of attitude he will take towards prayer? Do you pray for

watchman, strengthener, arbitrator, guide, exemplar, and God to inspire you to say something to lead such a one leader. to see the necessity of prayer?

teachers'message, particularly ward The the and manto be a ward be called teacher? Any priestWho is to

of ner presenting that message, the might not be same call. this receivehoodbearer may

when given to one who has spent his life in faithful receive brethren, to do, first thing you who The my labor in as given are to those the Church when who is tothis to yourselves, to look assignment, see whether converted. is different newly family each As from anor not you are prepared to teach. No man can teach other, so each individual in a family differs from others,

that which he himself does not know. It is your duty so our message and our methods, particularly our methods

to teach that Jesus Christ is the Redeemer of the world, of presentation, might vary. I cite this just to impress

that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God, and that to us with this thought, that it is our duty to know those last this in there the dispensation appearedhim God are to teach. going whom we How we do it, the inspirait? believe his in person.Father Son and Do Do you tion of the prompt. Lord must

you feel it? Does that testimony radiate from your being The teachers'duty is not performed when they go only

when you enter into the home? If so, that radiation once a month to each house. I remember when bishops

will give life to the people whom you go to teach. If made it a duty of the ward teachers to go at once to a

not, there will be a dearth, a drought, a lack of that house bereaved of a loved one to see what could be spiritual environment in which the Saints grow. done in order to bring comfort to those who were

Second, is your heart free from backbiting, from faultgrieving.

It feelings is yourfinding, one to another? from hard just a once always but a month Not hour teacher—no

there that thereduty to see is no backbiting, and that free that is in responsibility! the from day you are when

no iniquity in the Church. You can teach effectively There is no day in the week when you are free and when

only that which you yourselves feel. Part of the preparayou should not feel it your duty to do something, if

tion of a teacher consists in freeing his own heart from possible, to make a family of members of the Church those things. Then with that divine peace in your soul better and happier. It is the teacher's duty to see that

go into the homes and teach the people. there is no want; if there is sickness there, go and adBut that condition is but the beginning. Three other minister—watching over those families always.

things should be kept in mind for thorough preparation: From my personal experiences I recall one day when

the first is a knowledge of those whom you are to teach; my brother and I were in our teens. We were ready

the second, a knowledge of what you are to teach; and {Concluded on following page)

MAY 1957 301 The Editor's Page

(Concluded from preceding page) a beautiful example of watching over the Church alto leave the barnyard and go out to the field for a load ways! They knew the elderly woman wanted to attend

of hay. Father came out, shut the gate behind him, that service. I do not know what help they had to give

and then looking up, saw two men coming towards the her in order to bring her there; they probably had to

house. He recognized them as ward teachers. He said, get an automobile. I do not know whether she had any

"Boys, there are the ward teachers; tie up your team sons. I know only what I have told you. But they were

and come into the house."Though we demurred, we her ward teachers and they knew her needs.

obeyed. Seated as a family, we heard our father say, You representatives of the ward teachers bishop—you"Now, brethren, we are in your hands."are the men who reach the individual, the men upon

I give you the picture. Now I give you what the whom the responsibility rests to convert, to comfort, and

teachers said: They started with my father, who was to teach. Ward teachers are on the firing line.

the bishop of the ward, and asked him if he was doing In every group assigned to you ward teachers, there his duty; if he was living in harmony with his neighbors; may be elderly folk who are crippled, there may be young

if he was sustaining the Authorities. They asked Mother folk who are staggering, who need help morally. Somequestions about doing her duty, and they questioned how, some way, you can reach them and give them help

each child. not just when you go to make a formal visit, when you

Those teachers emphasized one part of their duty. are sitting there before the radio or the television, but

First, my father submitted himself to them, for they at some party, in some way, wherever they are going;

came as his (the bishop's) representatives, and would get in their company, get their confidence, take holdbe in every house. Their duty was to see that "each of their arms—"watch over them always."

member does his duty."That takes tact, and some of I believe that in ward teaching there is one of the

you say for teachers so to question the people gives ofgreatest opportunities in all the world to awaken in those fense. But the Lord has asked us to do just that thing. who are negligent, discouraged, downhearted, and sad,

During the dedicatory sessions of the Los Angeles renewed life and a desire to reenter activity in the

Temple we were entering that building one morning Church. By such activity they will be led back into the

when someone said: "There is an elderly woman coming spiritual atmosphere which will lift their souls and give

down the walk. Evidently she wants to see you."She them power to overcome weaknesses which are now

was walking, but she had to be helped. We returned shackling them.

to meet her just as she and her companions came up To give help, encouragement, and inspiration to every the steps leading to the north entrance of the temple. individual is the great responsibility and privilege of

We shook her hand and greeted her and did as much ward teachers. O teachers, yours is an important callas we could in that brief time. To encourage her, we ing! God help you be true to it, to feel that part of

asked: "Are these your two fine sons?""No,"answered the responsibility of carrying on God's work, in this

the one on her left, "we are her ward teachers."What last dispensation, rests upon you.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Immortality and Eternal Life

"Do all who enter any of the three kingOthers would receive the gift of immortality and live doms, telestial, terrestrial, and celestial, forever after the resurrection, but not celestial glory, receive the gift of eternal life? Some of the members of which is eternal life. They say that a person who gets

our priesthood class argue that they do. I said that only immortality also has eternal life because he lives forever.

those who are faithful and live in accordance with all of I quoted the scripture, 'For behold, this is my work and the commandments will he worthy to obtain eternal life. my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life of man.'If these are the same I don't think the Lord "And thus did I, the Lord God, appoint unto man the

would speak of them as separate things. Is this concludays of his probation—that by his natural death he might

sion right?"be raised in immortality unto eternal life, even as many

as would believe;

"And they that believe not unto eternal damnation;

Immortality as defined in the scriptures they cannot be redeemed from their spiritual fall, beis the gift of God, through the atonement for 3 they not."repent cause

of Christ, to creature. every Jesus the must There come

life, therefore, 'gift of far greatest Eternal is the God,universal resurrection. fail soul to one receive Should 4

is gift the that of immortality. Therefore beyond he resurrection,the Savior's the victory over death would

blessed life will blessed the fulness with eternal be withnot complete. be the fall through It was that of Adam

It is of of the Father's written them: kingdom.death into the world, came posterity and since Adam's

"They are they who received the testimony of Jesus,were not responsible for death, both the justice of our

Father, and his mercy, demanded that the broken law and believed on his name and were baptized after the which brought death into the world must be repaired manner of his burial, being buried in the water in his and life be given, through the atonement, to every soul. name, and this according to the commandment which

This restoration is called immortality. It is true that he has given

immortality and the power to live eternally are synony- "That by keeping the commandments they might be mous; but the Lord has placed his interpretation upon washed and cleansed from all their sins, and receive the

this great gift which restores all and has called it imHoly Spirit by the laying on of the hands of him who mortality. There are numerous passages in our scriptures is ordained and sealed unto this power;

making this interpretation very clear; for instance, Paul, "And who overcome by faith, and are sealed by the

in writing to the Corinthian members of the Church, Holy Spirit of promise, which the Father sheds forth said: upon all those who are just and true.

"For since by man came death, by man came also the "They are they who are the church of the Firstborn.

resurrection of the dead. "They are they into whose hands the Father has

"For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all given all things be made alive. "They are they who are priests and kings, who have

"But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; received of his fulness, and of his glory:

afterward they that are Christ's at his coming. "And are priests of the Most High, after the order of

"Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered Melchizedek, which was after the order of Enoch, which up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall was after the order of the Only Begotten Son

have put down all rule and all authority and power. "Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods, even the

"For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under sons of God his feet. "Wherefore, all things are theirs, whether life or death,

"The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death."1 or things present, or things to come, all are theirs and

Amulek, addressing the people of Ammonihah, said: they are Christ's, and Christ is God's.

"The spirit and the body shall be reunited again in "And they shall overcome all things."5

its perfect form; both limb and joint shall be restored Those who obtain eternal life will dwell with the

to its proper frame, even as we now are at this time; and Father and the Son. They become joint heirs with

we shall be brought to stand before God, knowing even Jesus Christ in receiving the fulness of the Father's as we know now, and have a bright recollection of all kingdom.'1 The Savior when reproving the Jews drew

our guilt. this distinction between eternal life and immortality,

"Now, this restoration shall come to all, both old when he said:

and young, both bond and free, both male and female, "For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he

both the wicked and the righteous; and even there shall given to the Son to have life in himself;

not so much as a hair of their heads be lost; but "And hath given him authority to execute judgment

everything shall be restored to its perfect frame, as it is also, because he is the Son of man.

now, or in the body, and shall be brought and be arraigned "Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the

before the bar of Christ the Son, and God the Father, which all that are in their graves shall hear his voice, and the Holy Spirit, which is one Eternal God, to be "And shall come forth; they that have done good,

judged according to their works, whether they be good unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done

or whether they be evil."- This declaration is concernevil, unto the resurrection of damnation."7

ing immortality.:>D & C 29:4344.

The expression you have quoted from Moses 1:39 is Hbkl,Hhid., 6:1376:5160.and 14:7.

8:1417.very significant and indicates that in the language of the 6Romans

'John 5:2629.

Lord immortality and eternal life have reference to different kinds of resurrection. This is strengthened by the

word of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

15:2126. Cor. n

11:4344. 2Alma

MAY 1957 303 The Balance of Government

by Ezra Taft Bmstm OF THE edllJNCIL OF THE TWELVE

UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE

Thefederal,divisionstate,of responsibilityand local governamong tiontal. of authority at the national capiNothingtime to callhas inhappenedquestioninthethevaliditymeanments is a matter which concerns But the question may now well be of this arrangement.

us all as citizens. In a broad sense, asked: Are we, from habit, continuOur traditional federalstate relathis also includes the division of reing to think in terms of federal protionship, we must never forget, starts

sponsibility between the individual grams just because that is how we with a general presumption in favor and the various levels of government thought during the depression and of state and individual rights. Under

which serve him. during the war? Is it time to bring a the constitutional concept, powers not

We have seen, in the past quarter halt to this trend? Is it time to regranted to the federal government are

century, a tremendous shift from inverse it? reserved to the states or to the people.

dividual to governmental responsiWhat are these changes doing to This is in the Bill of Rights. It is

bility in many phases of economic our people? one of the first ten amendments to the

and social life. We have seen a rapid What are they doing to our free Constitution, insisted upon by a numshift of responsibility from the states institutions? ber of the states as a condition of

to the federal government. The magIs there, indeed, any characteristic ratification of the Constitution.

nitude of these changes is revealed of the American people which is more Many forces work toward the conby a few simple figures. Twentyfive abiding than a distaste for being run centration of power at the federal

years ago the federal government refrom Washington? level. It somehow seems easier to

ceived onefourth of all the taxes colThe typical American is inherently impose "progress"on localities than lected in the United States. Today a states'-righter by inclination and by to wait for them to bring it about

the federal government collects threesentiment. Deep in their hearts, the themselves. Raids on the federal

fourths of all our taxes. Twentyfive American people instinctively know treasury can be all too readily acyears ago all taxes, federal, state, and that great concentration of power is complished by an organized few over

local, took 14 percent of our national an evil and a dangerous thing. They the feeble protests of an apathetic

income. Today taxes take 31 percent. do not need to have it proved. majority. With more and more ac-

I recognize that there have been What lies behind this conviction? tivity centered in the federal governgood reasons for doing more things Basically, it is an intuitive knowledge ment, the relationship between the

through government, and doing them that, sooner or later, the accumulacosts and the benefits of government from Washington. Fighting first a tion of power in a central government programs becomes obscure. What

depression and then a war unavoidleads to a loss of freedom. Once follows is the voting of public money

ably shifted responsibility to the power is concentrated, even for helpwithout having to accept direct local federal government. The shrinking ful purposes, it is all there, in one responsibility for higher taxes. I

of time and distance and the growing package, where it can be grabbed by know of no device of government interdependence of our economic lives those who may not be helpful in which will lead more quickly to an have all contributed to a centralizaits use. If power is diffused, this increase in the number of federal

cannot happen. Every schoolboy programs than this. If this trend

knows that this is why the founders continues, the states may be left hol- *From an address by Secretary of Agriculture Ezra

Taft Benson before the American Association of Landof our country carefully divided power low shells, operating primarily as the

CollegesGrant and Universities, Washington, D. C, between state and federal levels. field districts of federal departments 15, 1956.November

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and dependent upon the federal ways, public health, research, eduas regards state educational policies, protreasury for their support. cation, civil defense, employment grams, and processes.

As President Eisenhower has said: security, conservation, relief of natural Why has the LandGrant College

"The federal government did not credisaster, inspection and regulatory System been so successful? I suggest

ate the states of this Republic. The activities, civil aviation, and housing. these reasons:

states created the federal government. The list is long.

Responsibility has been placed as creation should not the supersede The successful most in experience The close to as the people possible. This

if creator. states lose the For their intergovernmental relationships of that means do whatever can we we

entire meaning, of our system gov- I is which have knowledge the Landat level. the county Whatever cannot

its loses ernment meaning, the and system. Grant I think obmany satisfactorily be in accomplished the

is step rise next of the centralized the servers this share view. would counties for is considered state action.

national state in which the seeds of It is now ninetyfour years since Only if the national interests are preautocracy can take root and grow."Abraham Lincoln's administration set dominant, or state resources limiting,

The subject I am discussing has up the Land -Grant College system. is responsibility lodged with the fedbeen vital to me throughout my adult Permit me to enumerate some of the eral government.

I life. in have been a farmer, the achievements: Financial contributions on the part private enterprise sector of the econstate and local governments of have omy. I have worked with farmer local, cooperation state, Through at the

substantial. been agricultural For exco-operatives, in federal private perand which the generous levels and with

sons voluntarily associate themselves assistance of private persons, the LandGrant tension work, federal expenditures constitute College lift of system total; the 36 percent has helped agriour nonto their improve bargaining power.

cultural production per to worker almost federal total expenditures percent. 64 stationed I have been at a local unit five times the level that prevailed when For agricultural research, the federal of as government, agricul- a county the system agricultural began. progress More

tural agent. I have worked at the has occurred since the LandGrant Colleges government provides 12 million dolstate level, on the staff of one of your were established than in all the previous lars for grantsin-aid to state agriculmember institutions. I am now stayears since Bible times. tural experiment stations. This is for

insisted This system could that education grants alone. states themselves The at federal level, tioned the the where

It applied as be well as elevated academic. appropriate 62 million doland spend of problem intergovernmental relaagriculture the arts and to a mechanic new lars, five roughly state dollars for It dignity. tions sharply into focus. broke comes old the world down Occasionally, I experience nostalgic legacy of a caste system based on vocational every federal dollar. Not only have

memories of my earlier responsibilicalling and educational attainment. the financial contributions of state

ties. The LandGrant College system has been and local governments been substanhighly responsive to local needs. Its focus tial; their achievements in terms of

shifted from old to new problems are There areas in our ecohas many as research agrifindings and improved the technological revolution has surged life in nomic responsibilities which cultural practices likewise have been forward.

are shared by state and federal Federal financial assistance has been supoutstanding.

governments. Among these are highplied with a minimum of federal control (Continued on following page)

President Dwight D.

Eisenhower (third from left), Secretary of Agriculture Benson (left), and Under Secretary True D. Morse, with

others, at Beltsville, Maryland, inspecting a machine for the automatic grading of eggs by color.

MAY 1957 305 The Balance of Government (Continued from preceding page) alien to our system. But our history churchrelated colleges—these can be

The LandGrant Colleges have has demonstrated that the federal the consequence of an injudicious inkept out of partisan politics. Safegovernment, in the interest of the crease in federal aid to education.

guards carefully built into the strucwhole people, can and should help The LandGrant College experience ture of the LandGrant College syswith certain problems of nationwide can help guard against a host of tem keep that system focused on the scope and concern when states and disappointments which would result goal of agricultural betterment. The communities—acting independently from a largescale, poorly planned

system is political, in the best sense cannot solve the full problem or solve venture into this difficult field.

of the word. It is responsive to the it rapidly enough."There are, I believe, additional inlong-run needs of the whole people But proposals for federal aid to edutergovernmental activities in agriculrather than the shortrun efforts of cation have come from other persons ture to which the experience of the

any one political party. and for other purposes. Sometimes LandGrant Colleges might be apCan this experience be applied to these proposals are made as part of a plied. One of these areas is our

other fields? I am sure it can. In general philosophy of centralized govdrought-relief program.

fact, it has. The Rural Development ernment. Sometimes they are made No agricultural problem has in it

Program and the Great Plains Profor their outright political appeal more heartbreak than prolonged gram, both recently launched, are why support your own schools if drought. Every helpful effort, pubbased on the LandGrant College exUncle Sam will do it for you? lic and private, must be undertaken to

perience. Whatever the purpose, unless the relieve the distress which results from

program were to be carefully guarded, drought. The day is past when natuIVTany people recommend an exas it has been in the LandGrant Colral disaster was thought to be the

**, panded program of federal aid lege system, it could lead toward fedexclusive responsibility of those who for a wide range of social and ecoeral control of education. If this experience it firsthand.

is, how can we bestnomic services. happens, it will not be because the The question

Before we embark on such propeople wanted it so. It will result meet this problem?

grams we should ask ourselves these from responses to many small emerAs matters now stand, most of the questions: gencies and from the pressures of cost of drought and disaster relief is

many special interests. borne by the federal government. We

1. Can the federal government perform "It is hardly lack of due process,"supply lowcost feed, we extend

private efficientlythese services than more credit, surplus donate emergency we said "for Court, the govthe Supreme localenterprise, states, or or communities? tillage prachelp with and we it food, to regulate that ernment which free effect the be would on our 2. What

institutions? subsidizes."tices which combat wind erosion. The

3. What would be the effect on the morale Federal control of education, the states provide only a limited amount

and character of our people? impairment of free inquiry, and the of help, chiefly for administration.

If the answers to these questions extinction of many independent and (Continued on page 350) point to the launching of federal programs, then these programs can be of great service.

If, however, these proposed programs contemplate a high degree of federaling—if financingthey springandfromdecisioncollectivistmakthinking—if they expose themselves

to partisan politics—and if they weakenpeople—thenthe moraleonandthe characterbasis of theof recour

ord, their prospects are not good.

The historian Glover of Oxford

University makes this cryptic comment: "It is better for the development of character and contentment

to do certain things badly yourself than to have them done better for you by someone else."

We hear much—and will hear

more—about substantially increased

federal aid to education.

President Eisenhower said in his special message to the Congress in

January 1956: "The responsibility for—Photo by ]. Fred Thunell

public education rests with the states and local communities. Federal action Scene from Utah's LandGrant College, Utah State University of Agriculture and

which infringes upon this principle is Applied Sciences.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Omer A. Kearney

MfltowaGpnnaHitfHMHwiiMWNHM J

The stethescope failed to show how "good"her heart was.

-A Lambert Photo

questions. After bit. to they ask had

talked quite Kate ventured some time,KatefiveLatimer,years ofwhoage,washadpastoutlivedeightyDr.The Brainardline of menbristledtitteredand astraightall of her immediate family. ened to his full six feet two. In his to ask him if his verdict agreed with

Sometime ago she had said to me, most dignified manner he intoned, the others.

"I'm the last leaf on the family tree.""This is no occasion for levity."Then "Yes, I guess that I will have to

On this particular morning, she with a sweeping gesture, he continued, agree with their conclusions. Howhappened to be in a university hospi- "You may examine the case."ever, I have found some symptoms

tal. Well, perhaps it isn't correct to So the students checked over Kate's that I fear they overlooked. I find

say she "happened"to be there. The heart, lungs, and general condition. that you have a delightful sense of

fact is, she was sent there by her When they had finished, they stepped humor under difficult circumstances;

doctor because there was no one back and waited. I find, in talking to you, that you have

around who could take care of her "Well, come now, what is the ver- a gold mine of fine memories of pioand there seemed nowhere else to dict in this case? Speak up,"deneer days and family history. You

send her. manded the doctor. have a highly developed sense of apAs had been her lifetime custom, preciation for small favors that come

Kate was making the best of it. There Hesitatingly, each spoke his piece, your way. I find, too, a marked trust

were no near relatives to call, and her and the formation filed out of the in divine providence and a faith that friends were far away, but she was room. Standing aside during all this shines through your eyes.

smiling and cheerful as the nurse was a young intern. As soon as the "Yes, Miss Latimer, in my book,

came in to take care of her. group were gone, he came over to you show unmistakable symptoms of

Then suddenly the door opened Kate's bedside and took her hand. marvelous character that make your

and without a word of greeting or "Miss Latimer,"he began, "do you case so outstanding I can hardly unexplanation, Dr. Brainard strode into mind if I make a check?"derstand how the examiners ahead of

the room, followed by three student "Why should I?"Kate answered. me managed to overlook them."

assistants who arranged themselves "These other characters never asked Kate came back to our toWn the alongside the bed. Kate looked over permission nor thanked me when other day. She can't get around

the array of starched white uniforms they had finished."much, but to all who call, she is an

and smiled. inspiration. We are sure the young

"Well,"she said, "If I had known The young doctor went through intern was absolutely correct in his you were coming, I couldn't have 4 much the same procedure as the diagnosis. Incidently, we feel sure

baked a cake, but I would have others, then he put away his stethothat he will someday become a great combed my hair!"scope, sat back in the chair, and began physician.

MAY 1957 307 A Stake President Speaks to Youth:

by President Grant G Woolley LETHBRIDGE (CANADA) STAKE STAY CLOSE to the CHURCH

If you are at school, then school should be an absorbing interest.

condition of the Pharisees of Christ's time who were more interested in observing the letter of the law than the spirit of it. Our Church leaders have

told us these things are wrong. Reason tells us that any kind of entertainment that begins at such a late

hour and continues into the early morning is not good for us either physically, mentally, or morally. Is

it our loyalty to the law of the Sabbath that prevents us from starting these functions at say nine o'clock, or is it the fact that our laws prohibit such a starting hour? And if they

started at nine, would they not be just as well attended?

r photo There 3E*** * youngis peopleanotherof whichattitudeI amof critiour cal. This is the idea that no date

is complete without refreshments in

Theadolescencemost wonderfulis that it is seldomthing aboutfatal. perienceand dangerous.your parentsThroughsee theeyeslurkingof exsomelast to restaurant.insist that thisI shouldwould neverbe thebe

A very large percentage make a dangers in your fun; you see only done, but I know it is not good as a

full recovery; most of the others bethe excitement and glamor. If you regular practice. Our young people

come chronic adolescents, and we say knew the chances of succeeding in a should go home when dances and of them, "They've never grown up."certain business were ten to one, shows are over. Why does the

Of the great number who recover, would you take the chance? If you Church insist on all our parties clossome bear the scars throughout their knew the chances of escaping a ing at midnight? Is it so that our

people can spend the next hourlives—terrible scars sometimes, that blighted life were even greater than young

regularly and forever remind the ten to one, would you take that or two in unsupervised public places?

bearer of the misfortunes that caused chance? These ventures start out inIf lunches or refreshments are called

the scars. Every person should be nocently, and you resent the restricfor at all they should be served in

concerned at the prevalence of scars tions imposed by your parents, who the young woman's home, by the among our graduates from adosee what the results will be. Here are young woman herself. If you are

lescence. We are our brother's keeper, a few dangerous ventures that some ashamed to let your parents see your

and in that capacity I would speak young people accept. date, you should be ashamed to be

to those of you who are now in that Midnight frolics and midnight out with him. If on the other hand,

muddled, confused, bewildered state movie previews. Is it in keeping you are ashamed of your parents, you

known as adolescence. with the proper observance of the had better take a good look at them

There seems to be an attitude that Sabbath day to spend the waning because they are now just about what if it is "fun"there can be nothing hours of the Sabbath in preparation you will be in a few years.

wrong with it. This is the way Satan for a dance or show at the stroke of Today it seems every young man

would like you to reason. Fun can twelve? It would seem to me that we has his "hot rod"or his father's car.

be good and safe or it can be bad are in this regard approaching the Parking has as a result become a 308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA serious problem. I am not referring importance. In the compilation of Your Creator, your Eternal Father

to the parking problem that is causthe results of this survey most students in heaven, gave you abilities to use ing our city fathers concern. I refer placed the Word of Wisdom in first for the benefit of humanity. What

to the problem of parking at a time position, and chastity was in fifth will your punishment be if you fail when the streets and roads are place! These young people had a to develop them? J. M. Barrie says,

deserted. Young men and women, false sense of values. Somewhere in "The life of every man is a diary in

if you persist in this habit, you are their training in the Church they had which he means to write one story like the youngster who plays with not been properly taught that the but writes another, and his humblest fire, a fire that you cannot control. most serious sin short of committing hour is when he compares the volume

As surely as you persist in this habit, murder is that of immorality. as it is with what he vowed to make

you will get burned—not with a burn Another important admonition as it."Young people, this diary is open

that will heal and disappear with you embark on adult life is the necesfor you to write upon, the sheet is time, but one that leaves a permanent sity to work at full capacity. If you clean and white. If you would fifty

scar. Passion is a fire easily lighted are at school, then school should be years hence read that diary with pride,

but difficult to quench and all too your most absorbing interest and not be sure you write well from the first often not controlled. It is difficult having a big time socially. If you are page on.

for us as parents to understand why at school you should strive to top Going away to college or to work a date that begins at seven o'clock in your class. In my years in the classwill introduce you to a new life. This

the evening must be concluded with room I have seen students of average may be the first time you will have a onehalf to an hour conclave in ability surpass those of greater native been away from home for any length a parked car at one or two o'clock in intelligence because they worked at of time. Parental control will be

the morning. My advice to young full capacity. On the other hand removed or at least relaxed. There

people is to come home and into the those of great ability have sometimes will be new friends to make, new house when your entertainment is failed because they did not work at ideas to meet, new principles of life finished. Any necessary talking or full capacity or even near that point. enunciated, increased opportunities

discussion should be done in a lighted In business, men fail to win profor development in both good and living room. motions because they are always bad ways.

Many of our young people leave watching the clock, trying to cut How are you going to meet this home to attend colleges or to seek corners and avoid work. Few lessons newness of life? I suggest to you that

employment. You people are the in life are as important as learning the best way to meet it is on your

products of the finest youth program that lesson taught by the parable of knees. You know what is right and

in the entire world. You are the best the talents. (Concluded on page 349)

young people in the world. As you

leave to attend schools or accept employment, there are a few cardinal points that should be kept in mind.

Young people of the f would say without reservation that Church, you are the prod- * the most important thing is that uctsprogramof thein finestthe youthentire you remain clean. Virtue and chasworld.

tity are their own reward. Happiness

islife—unhappinessthe inevitable resultthe inevitableof a chasteconsequence of an unchaste one. Too

often we as a Church emphasize the

Word of Wisdom to the point where our young people place its observance as the most important commandment of God. I would not minimize its

importance in the gospel, for it is indicative of one's faithfulness to the

Church; but its nonobservance is of

far less consequence and seriousness than breaking the moral code of the

Church.

I was interested in a survey conducted by the Church seminaries of northern Utah. In this survey each

young person was given a list of commandments and laws governing the Church, among which were the

Word of Wisdom and chastity. These

young people were asked to place these commandments and desirable—Photo by Louise Price Bell

traits in a list in the order of their

MAY 1957 309 Part IV to the death of Ashur and Nahum.

The evidence showed that both were armed and had fought for their lives.

In the case of Joab, several people testified that he had accused Gideon of killing his friends and had attacked him as their murderer. The TO BE A latter had defended himself vigorously

and in the ensuing battle had wounded Joab so severely that he

SYNOPSIS subsequently died.

David, a descendant of John Hyrcanus, "Joab evidently knew,"proceeded the founder of the Jewish monarchy, is a Elihu, "or at least thought he knew, pretender to the throne now held by Herod that Gideon had killed Ashur and

Antipas. KING Nahum; but he is dead, and no oneparty at the Davidpalace—aand hispartyfriendsat attendedwhich thea

dancer, Salome, asked for the head of John can now be found who knows anyBaptist.the the brought head As was

left the in angerDavid rebuked and Herod in, by Hugh J. Cannon nificantthing aboutthing theis thatmatter.these threeThe mensiggirl Later,palace, taking the with him. Ruth

Ruth's friend, Martha, tells of a carpenter A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA were your ardent supporters, David, are alreadyfrom Nazareth, some whom in and opposed the tetrarch. Notwithcalling a following a prophet, who has

Galilee. This man has been warned by standing the difference in their rank,

Herod. Zebulon and Gideon have been much

together of late. It is freely whisevening breeze which reached that you had promised to be my pered that the former is the instiTheJericho, saltladen after passing daughter, for I look upon David as gator of these murders, if they really

over the Dead Sea from the mounmy son."are murders, as I am convinced they

tains of Moab on the east, was re- "You are sure you will not be disare. Certainly a motive for the death

freshing as the sultry day drew to a appointed in me?"of these men can be established. Unclose. Ruth was standing by a cool "Never! In the responsibility comfortunately, we can establish nothing

marble fountain. As David drew ing to David you will be of great else—at least not at present."

near, he hastened to seize her exassistance to him. You can direct his David was greatly incensed. That

tended hands. impulsive spirit. I see some of his his friends and supporters should meet

Only a few days before, their faults,"continued Elihu. "As a child death by foul means, and for no

engagement had been proclaimed, athe had a temper which gave real other reason than that they were tended by the pomp which such concern to those who loved him."advocating his cause, was intolerable.

events called for among the wealthy "And unfortunately your little "Where. will such a course end?"he

Jews of the period. Thoughtfully friend never outgrew that and a numasked indignantly. "I am not one to

contemplating his situation, David ber of other undesirable traits,"await danger. If it exists, I prefer to

decided that in the past his view of David said. go out to meet it. I shall accuse both

life had been a fallacious one. He Elihu took up the conversation. Zebulon and Gideon of this crime!"

had constantly sought to surround "You make a creditable pair of which "And meet the same fate as the himself with external perfection our race may well be proud. In you others,"Elihu insisted. "I suspect

garden, home, furnishings. Far more I shall find all the joy that can ever that nothing would suit them better,

important and much more to be decome to me."but you must leave them to me.

sired was an internal personal im- "Your life has indeed been a lonely Gideon, at least, knows that another provement to measure to Ruth's rare one,"Ruth said. "We have often case in which he is involved will requalities. spoken of it and wondered how you sult in disaster to himself, and Zebu-

"David, at this moment you are could be so cheerful. I have never lon is too cowardly to attempt such

far too serious for a man who proseen you otherwise."a thing alone. We will entrap them

fesses to be in love,"and Ruth play- "My girl, sometime you will learn, more easily if we pretend that all fully smoothed the wrinkles from his although I hope by observation and suspicions are allayed. Are you acbrow. "We'll have to send for not by personal experience, that the quainted with Gideon?"

Martha to coax a smile from your world has no interest, or at most very "Yes, I knew him in Rome and tense lips."little, in man's troubles, and the wise several times advanced him money,

David became his lighthearted thing to do is hide them from sight. with no hope of ever having it reself. "You need not send for Martha Of course it is not always possible to turned."

to make me smile. What a tormentbe happy, but except for rare occaElihu laughed. "Your expectations

ing little body she is! Is she ever sions, one can always be cheerful."did credit to your judgment."

serious?"Ruth excused herself to order re-

"Yes, indeed. When we are alone freshments. Tn response to his friend's questions,

she is very often intensely so, but she * David explained that matters were loves to tease better than anything T>y special appointment of the Sanprogressing most satisfactorily in else."* hedrin, Elihu had been absent Jerusalem. Practically everything

A moment later Elihu joined them. from the city investigating the suspisuggested by the emperor had been

He embraced Ruth tenderly. "I was cious deaths of Ashur, Nahum, and done, and within a very short time

happy to learn upon my arrival home Joab. There had been no witnesses papers appealing for David's appoint310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

merit, signed by the men whom I feel that my happiness is too great were called to them through another

Tiberius had designated, would be to last."murder, and this confirms our suspiforwarded to Rome. "It is given to us, and it must cions that the deaths of Ashur,

When Ruth returned, Llihu asked, last. Death alone can separate us; Nahum, and Joab were premeditated.

"Has the wedding day been fixed?"and with our youth and health that Gideon insisted that he never again

"Not the exact date, but it will be is something most remote."wanted to be in such close quarters as

within sixty days."he was during the recent investiga-

"That pleases me. At my age one J"have come to you with important tion."

never knows what may happen."He *- news, David, and that you might "But why do they want to kill

kissed them affectionately. "Let hear it firsthand have brought with me?"David interrupted to ask.

nothing arise to separate you, for me Abner, the trusted man who, in "For several reasons, but the one with your natures, and loving each our interests, has been serving in urged most strongly last night is that other as you do, that would be a Zebulon's house."It was Elihu who you are a constant menace to them

tragedy."spoke, and his impressive earnestness both while you live, because of the

"How fortunate is he who can rebetokened the weight he attached to suspicions you entertain. Your

main sweet in spite of bitter disapthe information. friends have been killed, and they

pointment,"said David after their After David led his visitors into a know you will try to avenge them.

friend's departure. "He loved a quiet room and bade them be seated, "Then there is the opposition you

woman once and, knowing his nature, Elihu continued, "David, we have a are giving Herod. Zebulon is deteryou can imagine how intensely. When report that Zebulon and Gideon were mined to increase his power and

she chose another, he went away for in conference last night; and if it had knows he may expect rich rewards

a long time. He has remained single not been for the former's cowardice should the tetrarch succeed. But if

ever since, but he has never lost his and the latter 's prudence, an attempt he loses—well, it is easy to see why

sunny disposition."on your life would have been made. these men should want you out of

"Who was the woman?"But let Abner tell his own story."the way. With the influence of

"It was my mother."David turned to the man, who proHerod gone it would not be difficult

"Your mother? And still I have ceeded: "My instructions were to to convict them of murder.

heard you say that he and your keep eyes and ears open and to be "There is another more personal father were as David and Jonathan."particularly watchful when Zebulon reason which was in evidence. For

"Yes, although that did not seem and Gideon were together. In their years you have stood in the way of

unnatural to me until now. Loving conference last night my vigilance Zebulon's advancement, but his disyou as I do, it would hardly be safe was rewarded. I learned that Gideon like has turned to hate since Ruth

for the man who stood between us, has been drawing large sums of money has chosen you instead of him. His

even though he were a dear friend, to from Zebulon but now is in urgent hatred, therefore, is whetted by come into my presence. I fear my need of more, which Zebulon promjealousy and fear."

temper could not be restrained."ises to give him if he will kill you. "What is their plan for bringing

"I suppose it is foolish,"the girl Gideon reminded him of the danger about my death?"

replied somewhat sadly, "but at times they would be in if further attention (Continued on following page)

The Dead Sea, often called the Salt Sea in biblical accounts, has a depth of from a few feet to many hundreds of feet.

Its surface, which is lower than that of any water known, is 1292 feet below the level of the Mediterranean.

MAY 1957 311 To Be a King

(Continued from preceding page) Rome, where an order would be istempted to do something which will "Nothing definite was decided,"sued establishing David as king of divert thee from the path leading to said Abner. "A physical encounter Judea and the surrounding lands of the throne, or I am not so susceptible

offers serious danger to themselves. Perea and Galilee and bidding Roman to the voice of inspiration as has been

Though Gideon boasts that he is not troops to defend him in his position. the case most of my life. And when

an assassin, too much reliance in such Indeed, it was more than likely that I speak of calamity, it is not the a claim might prove fatal; for if he Tiberius himself would come to Jeruphysical danger against which thou

makes an assault you may be sure salem for the coronation. hast already taken precautions. Somethe odds will be in his favor."thing of an entirely different nature

"We must bring these miscreants A s on the occasion when he stood portends, though what it is I am unto justice, and Abner will soon obtain -*- on the Palatine Hill, the young able to say."

the necessary evidence,"said Elihu. man, after his guests had departed, David was visibly perturbed. "You

"In the meantime you must be conwondered what he could do better to alarm me, good Lebanah. I have

stantly on your guard. Have Hassan qualify himself for the delicate and every confidence in your premoniaccompany you always when you go important task, the fulfilment of tions and when you say some serious

out in the evening."which demanded almost superhuman trial awaits me I am forced to believe

"Night and day,"was the conwisdom? you. But what is it? Am I to be revincing answer. Although the hour was late, David jected, as was Saul, because of unAbner added, "Gideon says he is decided to walk into the garden and worthiness?"

anxious to earn the money promised enjoy for a brief period the cool "I can reiterate my former promise him, but he wants a reasonable chance evening breeze. A camel was wearily that if thou dost act wisely thou wilt

to enjoy it after it is earned and approaching as he came to the door, be a king, and a great one. But I

therefore insists that they defer acand in the moonlight he recognized have made a toilsome journey, for tion until the excitement of these the decrepit animal with its venerable one worn with the hardships of a other deaths is somewhat allayed."rider, his devoted friend, Lebanah. long life, to caution thee to be wise

"Why does Gideon hate me?"No visitor could have been more in all that thou dost say and do. Then

David asked. "I have befriended welcome, and David hastened to success will be thine. That I can

him on more than one occasion."meet the fatigued traveler and aspromise with every assurance of de-

"He does not hate you, but he is sisted him to alight. Lebanah was claring a truth."

so completely in Zebulon's power that even more emaciated than on the oc- "Advise me, good friend, how I he cannot escape. Zebulon threatened casion of their last meeting, and, stiff can better prepare myself for this

to expose Gideon for some crime he and worn from the journey, it was duty. It has been on my heart conhas committed. In addition to this with difficulty he walked to the house. stantly for many days that I must be

fear, Gideon is a mercenary wretch But despite his weakness and before worthy of the divine call. Teach me

and wants the money which comes he would partake of the proffered rehow to do it."

to him thereby."freshments, he demanded to be told "Forget not that heaven has chosen

the details of David's situation. thee and will assist in preparing thee

npms day was expected by David and The old man's eyes glowed with for the place. Today I have come

* his advisers to mark the end of interest, and he frowned or smiled from the Galilean Teacher about all necessary arrangements prior to alternately as he listened to his whom we have spoken before. He is

dispatching a messenger to Rome with friend's recital of the story of unin Perea attracting, as usual, great the papers which Tiberius had reexpected difficulties, of intrigue, of throngs of people who listen raptly quested. Almost every member of suspected murder, of assistance reto his words. To those whom he has

the Sanhedrin was allied with David's ceived where it was least expected, of selected to assist him he says that cause, and, without exception, every hopes and disappointments, and now they are to be perfect, even as their man was one whom the emperor had what they considered as achieved Father in heaven is perfect. Therespecified as being particularly desirsuccess. fore, inasmuch as thou art heaven's

able. Indeed, they had all willingly "My course is almost finished, choice for this position, such advice

signed the appeal to Rome, except David,"the old prophet said, "and if should be considered as a command

Nicodemus. He had expressed his I am to see the fruition of this hope, to thee also."

readiness to do so but was temporarily thou must soon be made king. It is The old man's head sank upon his

absent from the city. the only remaining thing for which breast. The long ride had been too

This evening David's supporters I care to live. I shall be much remuch for the enfeebled body, and

had gathered in his home. It was a lieved when it is accomplished, for David feared for a moment that he

time of rejoicing and mutual felicita- I have been uneasy about thee for had expired. However, he rallied in

tions, for one of their own race, one some time."a short time and was aided to the

true to their ideals, was at last to "Because of the threats of my enequarters assigned him.

ascend the throne, and Judah would mies? Be assured I am taking every

be redeemed. Elihu had gone hurprecaution. Do any reasons for fear Tt was a very serious young man

riedly to Joppa, where Nicodemus was exist of which I am not aware?"* who returned to the room after all

confined to a bed of sickness, to ob- "No tangible reasons, to be sure; necessary attention had been given to

tain the necessary signature. These but some great calamity is to befall Lebanah's needs.

papers were then to be conveyed to thee, or thou art to be severely (Continued on page 347) 312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PETER TAMES and JOHN

by L. James Ottcsen

?imon, named the first apostle, is as the appointed head and leader of

more commonly known as Peter. the Twelve. His great confession of

He was the son of Jona or Jonas the divinity of Jesus Christ is a high and by vocation was a fisherman. He point in the scriptures. Tradition

and his brother Andrew were partners relates that he died a martyr's death with James and John. They worked in Rome during the persecution of

together in the fishing business with the Christians during the reign of

Simon Peter. Peter was a married Nero, about 6467 A. D. It is said that

man and materially well off. When he was crucified with his head down.

Peter was introduced to the Lord, James and John were brothers by he was told by the Lord that he would birth and partners in business and be called Cephas, which means a in the ministry. They were given a

stone by interpretation. common title, Boanerges, or Sons of

with reference to Many incidents in his life reveal Thunder—possibly

him to be impulsive, impetuous, and the zeal they displayed in the minstern. His denial of Christ is a maniistry. It is they who were desirous

festation of the human element. His of calling down fire from heaven to

desire to walk on water to meet the consume the Samaritans who refused

Lord during the storm at sea, and at Christ their hospitality. James was

a later date his manner of leaping the first of the apostles to meet a into the water and swimming to meet martyr's death; he was beheaded by

the resurrected Christ as he appeared order of Agrippa.

to them on the shores of the Sea of John had been a follower of the

Galilee, give us an understanding of Baptist and heard and accepted his his nature. He had many human testimony regarding Christ, the John and Peter, from a painting by Alfrailties but overcame them and the "Lamb of God"who had come to brecht Diirer.

temptations of Satan to serve the Lord take away the sins of the world. He

was a very devoted servant and conUrim and Thummim as to whether tinually refers to himself as the disor not John died, the Lord stated:

ciple "whom Jesus loved."It was

John who sat next to the Master at And the Lord said unto me: John, my

the Last Supper with his head on beloved, what desirest thou? For if you

Christ's breast; it was he who conuntoshall you.ask what you will, it shall be granted

ducted the weeping mother of Christ And I said unto him: Lord, give unto

away from the cross to care for her. me power over death, that I may live and

He was also the first of the apostles bring souls unto thee.

to recognize Christ as a resurrected I sayAnd untothe Lordthee,saidbecauseunto me:thouVerily,desirestverily,this

Being when Christ visited them thou shalt tarry until I come in my glory, while they were fishing on the Sea and shalt prophesy before nations, kindreds,. II of Galilee. tongues and people.

for said this unto cause the Lord And position in holds a unique John

I If till Peter: I will tarry come, that he

'.'':M\ v:lBfl life with time. In compliance at this

is of desired to thee? that he For what me

his desire to remain and minister that he might bring souls unto me, but thou...;: "among men until Christ again comes, desiredst that thou mightest speedily come

he underwent a physical change unto me in my kingdom.

mm.i'SllfliSIl which made him immune to death. 1 desire;I saybutuntomy thee,belovedPeter,has thisdesiredwas thata goodhe

mmmm According to revelation given to the might do more, or a greater work yet among

Prophet Joseph Smith through the men than what he has before done.

James the Elder, from a painting by Rubens. 'James E. Talmage, Jesus The Christ, pp. 220221. (Concluded on page 346)

MAY 1957 313 THE

GOLDEN

RULE

IN ACTION

by Fred Schwendiman

The Grand Tetons

of nothing largthis but wild land produced the is one as it appear sagebrush, in world. theOnenoteworthyof my experiencesmost cherishedhappenedand estIslandcoldPark,waterwhichsprings which made

in Idaho in the year 1924. For a Here, in a space of about three acres, a desert; and long after other sections

long time I have felt that this should hundreds of springs bubble up, formwere settled these valleys remained be shared with others and written ing a river of ice cold water a hununclaimed.

down for the benefit of future generadred feet wide and from two to four It was not until about 1880 that a tions. There are now many thoufeet deep. The South Fork of the few cattle ranches were taken up

sands living in these valleys, enjoying river gets its start from the blue Jackalong some of the smaller streams.

prosperity, who have never heard of son Lake in which the Grand Teton Later, as more pioneers came west, the hardships endured and overcome Peaks are reflected as in a mirror and they homesteaded land and tried to by the worthy pioneers of early days. adjoins Yellowstone National Park. raise crops. It was easy to get water

It is history well worth remembering, Both of these rivers are fed by numeron the Jand for irrigation; the proband there are now only two of us ous smaller streams, all of which lem was to keep the water off the land

remaining who took an active part drain a large part of the western each spring. As more settlers arrived,

in the event about to be recorded. watershed of the continental divide. they decided to build some dams to

The inland agricultural empire of Where the two forks meet down in hold the flood waters back until they the state of Idaho embraces the the valley they form a great river, were needed later in the season. The

Upper Snake River Valley in the especially in the spring if a warm first of these dams was built at the eastern part of the state, and the spell happens to melt the snow in the outlet of Jackson Lake, with governMagic Valley in the southern part. mountains rapidly. ment aid. It proved very successful

The climate is ideal, the soil very proMuch as in the valley of the Nile and other similar projects were started.

ductive; and there is now an abunin Egypt, where that great river Word went out about the opportunidance of water for irrigation, essential through many centuries by overflowties in the valleys to take up land

in this area for good crops. The water ing built a great plain, so also were and build homes, and as more new

is provided by many reservoirs, which the Snake River valleys built. Many people came in, towns and cities

have been built along the great Snake times great floods of these streams sprang up and prosperity became eviRiver and its manv tributaries. brought down from the mountains, dent.

This river was so named because sediment which was deposited over Seeing the success attained in the of its many winding curves. Its the land, building rich, deep soil from upper valley, it became apparent to

North Fork heads with Big Springs in year to year. However, for centuries settlers that about two hundred miles

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the climate being favorable for growgation came up and a meeting was ing fruit and beans, which proved called at Idaho Falls of all the officers to be the most profitable crops. For and heads of the several canal com-

a number of years there was plenty of panies and irrigation districts. A

water in the river for all the lands large auditorium was filled, and the then under cultivation in this lower problem in hand was gone over area, which later become known as thoroughly. It was a serious emerthe renowned Magic Valley. But gency, but one which could never

something serious then happened. happen again, because there was another huge dam under construction

T well remember that in the winter at American Falls which would soon * of 192324 very little snow fell in store enough water for all time to the mountains. Whereas other wincome.

ters it had lain five to eight feet deep, The spokesman for the visiting x \ *,i?*4 %-S,; this year there were barely that many group made a strong plea for the

inches. A very dry spring and sumpurchase of at least enough water to

mer followed, and it did not rain save their orchards, stating that they enough to settle the dust. Some of were willing to pay any price in reathe springs and streams dried up enson for it. It was then decided by a

tirely, causing a great shortage of unanimous vote that, although it was water for irrigation at a time when also badly needed in the upper valley, it was most needed. Drouth was we should turn all the water now in

something that had never happened use in the upper valley, down the here before, and inasmuch as the river to our suffering friends, for one farmers in the upper valley held prior week.

rights to the water, they claimed and Our visitors lost no time in returnused it all, leaving their neighbors in ing home with the good news, and the lower valley high and dry. every preparation was made to use

There hundreds of orchards had this water to advantage, without been planted, had been thriving, and wasting a drop. This was done by

were about to come into bearing; and watching it closely day and night,

—Photo by Hal Rumcl there were shrubs and ornamental using lanterns at night.

trees around new homes, not to menSince I was a farmer, water user, tion field crops, all suffering with this and director and secretary of our irsevere drouth. They could not posrigation district, it fell to my lot to

down the river another great valley sibly survive without moisture. Many notify everyone of our decision at

was awaiting development. Surveys of the more recent settlers became the meeting, to have the watermasters

were made and a large concrete dam discouraged, pulled up stakes, abanclose all the headgates to the farmers was built at a place called Milner, doned their holdings, and left for ditches on the day appointed, to see this also by government aid. A large other parts. News about this sad that they were closed for one week

canal was constructed from the dam condition spread, and two of our and all the water diverted back to to the south, covering an immense prominent authorities on irrigation the river, as agreed. The fastest way

scope of rich land in the Twin Falls sent word down to their suffering of communication in those days was area, and another was taken out on brethren to come to the upper valley to go on horseback. It was gratifying

the north side to provide the Jerome and all would get together to see what to note the ready response and willtract with water for irrigation. Both could be done in the way of help. ingness of everyone to sacrifice and

of these great projects were successful, Almost immediately a large delegive up the precious fluid for a whole week.

When that combined flow reached its destination, it filled the canals and all the ditches, and the scope covered with a good watering, saving

EDITOR'S NOTE almost everything from the dreaded actually drouth, remarkable. was And

will be eightyfive in July, Fred Schwendiman, was who appreciated by those it was the way sixteen their converted and when his parents six sons were to the gospel. Emigrating from Switzerland, they settled first good people will never be known in

in of Lake, the century, the Bear Fred turn and before went the world.

of to the V.alley Idaho. River Upper a leader Snake He was

in some of the first irrigation projects of those areas. Always

a civic and Church man, he was called as second counselor A fter a few days the same delegapresi- to President in the Idaho Falls Smith David Temple -*- tion came to the upper valley to that edifice dedicated. dency since was been when He has

released. Genealogy and temple work is one of his great make settlement for this great help

loves in the Church. they had received. Another meeting

Fred Schwendiman was called at the same place, what had been accomplished was gone (Concluded on page 366) MAY 1957 315 MIA READING COURSE:

JESUS THE CHRISTXI

The Sermon on the Mount

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

—Photo bu Camera Clix

'The Sermon on the Mount."Painting hy H. Orliek.

Sometime during the first tour famous and oftquoted gems of mercy; the pure in heart: for they

which Jesus made of Galilee thought all begin with the word shall see God; the peacemakers: for

teaching, healing the sick, curing "blessed,"indicating that blessings, they shall be called the children of those with diseases, and casting out or happiness, will come to those who God; those who suffer for righteousdevils, he gave an address which is have certain virtues: the poor in ness'sake: for theirs is the kingdom

undoubtedly the most famous gospel spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of of heaven.

call it heaven; they that for preached.discourse ever mourn: they We "Blessed are ye,"the said, Savior

1 shall be comforted; the for meek: the Mount."on"The Sermon shall revile they "when peryou, men and

Matthew records, "And seeing the shall inherit the earth; those who seek secute you, and shall say all manner

multitudes he went up into a mounrighteousness: for they shall be filled; of evil against you falsely, for my

tain: and when he was set, his disthe merciful: for they shall obtain sake.

ciples came unto him: "Rejoice, and be exceeding glad:

"And he opened his mouth and for great is your reward in heaven:

taught them...."for so persecuted they the prophets

At least two sites in Galilee are which were before you."

pointed out to visitors today as posHow strange this doctrine must sible places where the Sermon on the have sounded to the Jews. They

Mount was delivered. The location of had been looking for a king who

this famous event is of no great imwould deliver them from oppressors portance. The significant thing is and strike down their enemies. The

that the Savior's words have been re- "kingdom of God"they had expected corded and passed down to us, for was one of might and glory and our lives would be much poorer withriches, not one of a broken spirit of out the wonderful messages which meekness, of persecution! Not for the

were given by the Lord at this time. children of Abraham—the chosen

The Sermon on the Mount is repeople of God!

corded in three chapters in Matthew, Probably sensing the reaction of and includes one hundred and eleven some of the people to his words, the verses. In the first part of the sermon, Savior then told them that they were

Jesus gave what has come to be known people—theas the "Beatitudes."nine 2 These light of the aearth—thechosen saltworld—butof the

Scriptural references in this article are from /fcZUKSTT- 5, 6, 7, 8,Matthew 9; Mark 1, 2; Luke 5. Drawing Fletcher, by Major Benton from Lionel

writers there say are 3Some eight beatitudes, with the Cust's Jerusalem: a Historical Sketch, published by

last receiving one special emphasis. A. Black, Ltd., London. & C.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their inheritance would mean nothand his righteousness..."he in- "And every one that heareth these

ing if they themselves were not rightstructed. sayings of mine, and doeth them not,

eous. "Judge not, that ye be not shall be likened unto a foolish man,

..."which built his house upon the sand: "Let your light so shine before judged.

men,"he advised, "that they may see "Ask, and it shall be given you; "And the rain descended, and the

your good works, and glorify your seek, and ye shall find; knock, and floods came, and the winds blew, and

Father which is in heaven."it shall be opened unto you."beat upon that house; and it fell:

Continuing the sermon, Jesus said: It was also on this occasion that and great was the fall of it."

has become known gave what his Jesus finished the Lord had When I destroy to that not come am"Think saying: Rule, Golden the as guidinstruction of and great words not prophets: the or I am law,the ye ". whatsoever. all. things as- "Therefore again were people ance, the to fulfil."destroy, but to Hecome do to you, do should that men would his doctrine: at tonished interpretations on put new somethen is the this for to them; so even ye having as one taught them he "For or the of ComTen Moses,the law

prophets."the law and scribes."as the not authority, and not emphasis placingmandments,

dishis instructed Savior the Then the evil act, Pharisees, but on the who andonly upon an The scribes gate, the strait in at to enter ciples teachers of which person's class in the a mind learnedthoughts the were exprophets, and false of to beware act. pointed evil to teaching to lead used time, an He of were themay a peoknow would that they plained at another fast laws to angry that become the and out hard people the the fruits. Concluding ple by their their evil about thoughts to him laid think by that been down and had folthe related he sermon, masterful lead did not thoughts is sinful. generations. Such for may leaders They

parable: lowing

little the bit sin murder. of dreadful the from to deviate one dare heareth whosoever "Therefore,

of teachings rules. prescribed These line this of reasonin Continuing doeth of mine, and sayings these

fresh were other the it hand Jesus on that said, heard have "Ye ing he wise a I unto liken will him them, didn't practical. and He and new time, of is old said Thou them by a his house upon built which man, someread of what or a book teach out adultery: shalt not commit rock: His written. already else had whosoyou, That unto I say "But the one and descended, rain the "And to refreshing vital and were words looketh ever upon a woman blew, and the winds and came, to lust floods

the truth, to hear those wanted who adultery after committed hath her fell not: house; and it that beat upon

with her already in his heart."for it was founded upon a rock. (Continued on following,pge)

In the sermon the Savior stressed the evils of such practices as divorce and swearing. He set aside the old—A Three Lions Photo

law of "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth"and the idea that one should love his neighbor and hate his enemy. The new doctrine

which he introduced was "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and

Healing "The despitefully use for them which pray of with the Man..."persecute you. Painting Palsy."you and

Then he instructed his disciples: Schaefer.by Rudolph

"Be ye therefore perfect, even as your

Father which is in heaven is perfect."

It was during the Sermon on the

Mount that Jesus taught us how to pray, giving us those beautiful words which have come to be known as the

Lord's Prayer:

"Our Father which art in heaven,

Hallowed be thy name.

"Thy kingdom come. Thy will be

done in earth, as it is in heaven.

"Give us this day our daily bread.

"And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.

"And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine

is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever, Amen."

The importance of fasting was stressed by the Savior; the idea that

a man cannot serve two masters was explained. "Seek ye first the kingdom of God,

MAY 1957 The Sermon on the Mount

(Continued from preceding page) which were come out of every town see if they could bring some charges but to the scribes and the Pharisees of Galilee, and Judea, and Jeruagainst him, thought within themthey were offensive and blasphemous. salem...."So many people had selves that Jesus was blaspheming,

When Jesus left the mountain, gathered there that the house was because he claimed to have the power great multitudes of people followed filled, and the doorway and the yard to forgive sin. They knew that no

him and saw another wonderful healwere crowded. one had this power except the Lord.

ing. This time it was a leper who This was the situation a group of But Jesus, knowing their thoughts,

came to the Savior and said, "If thou men found as they tried to take to said to them, "Wherefore think ye wilt, thou canst make me clean."Jesus a man who was "sick with the evil in your hearts?

All of those who were present and palsy."Exactly what the nature of "For whether is easier, to say, Thy

heard the request must have indeed the disease was is hard to determine, sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise,

wondered what the Lord would do. but in any event we know that the and walk?

Leprosy was, and still is, a dreadful man was in such a condition that "But that ye may know that the disease. There are many stages of he could not walk. His friends were Son of man hath power on earth to

the disease, and it is so serious that carrying him "in a bed."forgive sins, (then saith he to the

lepers at that time were outcasts from Finding it impossible to make their sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy society and isolated from the rest of way through the multitude, the men bed, and go unto thine house."

the people. Whenever they came ascended to the flat roof of the house The sick man did arise and pick up

near people who were not afflicted with their sick friend, probably by his bed and go back to his home cured with the disease, they were required means of an outside stairway, and of the disease. The people who witto call out, "Unclean, unclean."let the man down through an opennessed the event of course were

When Jesus saw the sorry state this ing in the ceiling into the room where amazed at the great power of Jesus.

this city Jesus went saw down Jesus was teaching. From Jesus When the great realized in and wasman

Galilee. of Again he said the faith of the men, Sea toward the great with had, was moved faith that he he

compassion. He touched him with to the sick man, "Son, be of good great multitudes followed him. As

his hand and said, "I will; be thou cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee."he walked along, he met a man named

clean."As 'soon as the Lord had Immediately the scribes who were Levi, also called Matthew. Matthew

spoken, the man was cured of the evidently following Jesus around to (Concluded on page 351) disease. to the to go the asked Jesus man—Wilde's Bible Pictures

". cleansing for thy offer priest,.. and

those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them,"but at the same time he asked him not to broadcast news of the healing generally to the people. But the man "The Calling of

was unable to contain himself and Matthew."Painttold many people about the healing. Bida.ing by Alexandre

When word spread that this man of

Galilee could cure even the dreadful disease leprosy, greater crowds flocked to Jesus to be taught and to be cured of their illnesses.

A great lesson on the necessity of prayer is taught all of us by the

Savior by his own actions throughout his ministry. Notwithstanding the

fact that he was the Son of God, the

Creator, and the Savior of the world, he felt constantly in need of com-. munication with his Heavenly Father.

In addition to the constant prayers which he must have offered, whenever he could, he went into the wilderness for extended periods of meditation and prayer.

Again Jesus went to the city of

Capernaum. Word soon spread that

he was staying at a certain house, and the people flocked there to see him, to be instructed, and to be blessed.

On this occasion there "were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, 318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy—

The WESTERGAARD GENEALOGY

by J. C. Westergaard

Danish chapel in Copenhagen. Headquarters

for the mission are situated in rear and to left of the chapel.

genealogyminded Latterday Utah. In after years we became misThe fact that she had espoused the

ToSaints, the articles regularly apsionary companions in Denmark, our gospel was in my estimation an asset pearing in the Era are in my native country. in her favor. When I won her and

estimation most interesting and profitBefore my military service I had her religion, I made the best investable. Usually they are prefaced with studied agriculture. After I ceased ment of my life, with seven dividends

part of a person's life history, which my work with his excellency Estrup, (children). Together we traveled in

leads up to and becomes an incentive I became overseer at Clausholm, Jutdouble harness for a period of sixtyto acceptance of the gospel. land, one of the largest and oldest five years, before her death in 1950.

My case is no exception. I heard estates in Denmark. At that place

of Mormonism as a child in Denmark the cattle (about three hundred pedi- T\uring my four years at Clausholm where by most prudent people it was greed cows) were of greatest con- "'it was part of my duty to keep condemned. After my two years of sideration. The dairy foreman, Henry pedigrees of the renowned Clausholm

military service (as Dragoon CorpoJohn Piepgras, was an outstanding Holstein cattle. The greatest care

ral, being an expert horseman), at "Mormon"with a large family who, was observed in breeding. Red colors

twenty I became a coachman for his in after years, emigrated with his were banned (not only from the excellency, the renowned Prime Minfamily. His descendants are now estate but from the entire vicinity)

ister Estrup, the number two man in numerous in Canada and the western to prevent their propagation (as in

Denmark. His pedigreed horses were states. Gen 30:3743).

the finest in northern Europe and The impressions made on me by Notwithstanding the strict care were tended exclusively by cavalrythese two Latterday Saint men with taken in breeding these cattle, occamen, among whom was an outstandwhom I became intimately acquainted sionally one was red, which showed ingly fine man by the name of Niels were so favorable that my opinion how characteristics may remain dorMikkelsen Torup. He was the first of their religion became favorable. mant for generations and afterwards

Latterday Saint that I had met. He The real incentive, however, came crop out. It was the same in my case

later emigrated to Fountain Green, when I met my future wife Petrine. (Concluded on page 344)

Heron Fountain. Seat of the Danish Government in background. Thorwaldsen Museum, a famous landmark in Copenhagen.

MAY 1957 319 They had almost Four hundred dollars, counting the money given them as wedding presents.

Thought for the Morrow his mother. "Here I am,"she said,

so he kissed her properly.

Anndrawer.countedFourteenthe moneydollars intoshe wasthe downwhite theones.greenNowshadesshe sawand theput reaup dorfTheysaladmadeandhamburgerscooked someand frozenWalgoing to be able to add to the son for the dark green that didn't show spinach. He chopped onion to go

baby fund. She leaned her head the dirt. into the hamburgers and told her

against the dresser and then pushed David would soon be here. She about Friday night. "Funniest thing,

the drawer shut. The fund grew so got home from her job at the bank this fellow from the Project Housing

slowly, but she knew she was right. about an hour before David, but she turned out to be practically from my

She opened the drawer again, took never seemed to be able to have dinhome town! We played his high

out the bankbook, and crossed to the ner waiting for him when he came school in basketball lots of times."

neatly made bed. She folded back in. "You're not supposed to,"David "What's his name,"Ann asked.

the gold satin spread and lay down said. "You rest until I get home, She molded the onions inside the

with her feet carefully over the edge. and then we can get it together. "He hamburger and salted and peppered

They had almost four hundred dolwas the best husband in the world them.

lars, counting the money given them but the most impractical. He wanted "Joel Anderson. He's got a wife

as wedding presents. It took so long a baby whether they had a nickel in and three children up in the Project.

to save in a big city where food was the bank or not. He thought everyThey go out to West Lake Branch;

expensive and rent high. And tuition thing would just naturally'turn out that's why we've never met them at

had to be met every quarter. Two all right. What would happen to Church. Bill Williams introduced

more years of school for David them if she weren't working? She me today."

seemed an eternity, but, it would be shuddered as she thought how much "That's nice."Ann slid the hamsheer catastrophe to hope for a baby they would have to live on with only burgers sizzling into the frying pan.

before those two years were over. David's three nights a week work at "They must be having quite a strug-

"We ought to have at least a thouthe hospital. gle,"& she said carefully.

sand dollars in the bank before a Then she heard his key in the lock. "Oh, 'same as everyone, I guess."

baby comes,"she had said once to The hour had disappeared again. David measured the salt in the boilDavid. "How could you finish "Oh, David, I'm sorry."She was ing water for the spinach. "He wants

school, David,"she whispered to herstruggling into her shoes. us to come down to a spaghetti supself, "if we had a baby now?""How's my bride?"He kissed her per Friday night with Bill and his

She turned over and looked at the hair behind her ear. "Oops, missed!"wife and baby."

white window shade already streaked He was trying to look through the Ann bit her lip. They'd be the

with gray. When they had moved mail and greet her at the same time. only ones without children. "David,

into this apartment, they had taken She put her hand over the letter from I hate to go. They'll spend the whole

evening talking about their children's by Deone R. Sutherland rashes and how smart they are. I

can't stand it."

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA David looked at her. "Ann, you're In a few minutes she heard the Laura's desk was empty. It was after

beginning to talk just like Louise or shower and made herself get out of nine when Sally stopped by Ann's some of those girls you work with. bed. She started the water for the desk. "Laura came in just a few minThey're not really like us. For one threeminute cereal David liked. utes ago. She's in talking to Mr.

thing they don't belong to the same Then she took her turn in the bathWestbrook. Something's up, I guess."Church as we do—room while David dressed. She Ann wondered what had happened.

Laura Bailey worked with Ann at really didn't need to go to work so She forced her attention back to the the opposite desk. She'd been marearly, but it was nice to ride up town rows of figures on the papers before

ried five years, and she had no chilwith David and then window shop her.

dren. Sally Forest worked there, also. for half an hour or so before going Laura came in with Miss MaitShe'd been married seven years and in to work. land, the supervisor. Ann went over

had no children. Her husband David leaned in the doorway and when Miss Maitland beckoned.

thought she ought to go on working whistled. "You should be going to a "Laura has some wonderful news for

because he was only an instructor modeling job instead of to the bank. us that's going to come as a surprise

and didn't make too much money yet. Of course, they need pretty girls in to many of you, I'm sure. It surIt had been fun to get together with a bank, too."He rumpled the back prised me, though of course Laura

these couples and others for an of her hair slightly. "You should feel let Mr. Westbrook in on it, so to

evening almost every week end. They pretty good with all that sleep you speak, six months ago."Miss Maithad things in common. Ann stopped got last night."land beamed at Laura.

turning the meat and held the spatula Ann smiled at him. "We're adopting a little girl,"

in the air. "In common?"Did she Ann slid into the car beside David Laura said, smiling. "We've been

want to have more in common with for the ride up town. It was nice and trying to get one for six months, and

Laura and Sally? Well, for the presearly in the morning with the dew they notified us yesterday. I told Mr.

ent at least. and the mist on everything. She Westbrook that when the agency

David blessed the food, and Ann snuggled against David's shoulder. "I called us, I'd be able to give only a

opened her napkin. "Ann,"he said, wish we had a new car,"she said. day or two notice because they expect

"I've already told Joel we'd like to "This one's been pretty good to us. us to be ready to receive the baby

come."It isn't the oldest car on the road, within a few days. He was very

"Well, then, it's settled, David. I Ann, not by a long shot. Its motor kind—"

guess we'll have to make an evening soMnds nice.""Have you seen her?"Sally asked.

of it if you insist."Maybe they could get a new car "Oh, no, we'll see her Thursday

After dinner Ann rested on the for graduation, or at least the first when we pick her up."

couch. She closed her eyes. When year after David was out of school. "How old?"Miss Maitland asked.

she opened them, David was standing She knew they could if she kept work- "Nine months. A girl. General

in the doorway watching her. "No, ing. But three more years was a long characteristics similar to my husdon't get up,"he said. He came over time. band's and mine. Blonde, blue eyes

and sat on the couch beside her. At work, Ann slid her purse into they match the baby to us as closely

"There's an article in the Church Secher desk and opened her typewriter. as they can."Laura slid into a chair.tion Mother sent that I'd like you to "I can hardly believe it's possible—

read—The excitement in the room died

"I know what it says already,"Ann down gradually. The girls had to

interrupted, turning her head away. get back to work. Ann helped Laura

"About how important it is to have get her desk in order.

a family, and that children are our "Did John make you adopt a baby, true blessings. Oh, David, don't you Laura? I didn't know you wanted

think I want children as much as children—"Ann looked at her

anyone?them—But we can't afford to have sharply.Laura paused with her hands

David put his hand across her lips stretched before her. "Not want

to have her? Make me adopt children—gently,them—"We can't afford not ever Ann, we've a baby wanted Why,

She brushed his hand aside and since we got married. I've been

struggled to her feet. "I thought you working because I couldn't stand our

were happy; you are always saying empty lonely apartment. We've

you are. Why do you want to change waited so many years, and now a

security into insecurity?"little girl of our own! It was just one

"I am happy, silly. But love grows of those things, the doctor said. Maywith a family—"She didn't have be sometime we'd have one, but the

time to talk it out. She had to get sometime just didn't come."

up early for work. Ann looked away, "But, Laura,

The alarm went off, and Ann oise/o when the girls have come back after * watched David bound out of bed they've quit work to show us their cheerfully. "How can he be so happy babies, you've always said you

and goodnatured all the time?"she estDavidAndersonwas carryingbaby offthetonextbedto onyounghis couldn't stand seeing them. You

thought. shoulder. (Continued on page 348)

MAY 1957 321 Oncountrya smallof islandthe Hebridesin the iswilda yonddividualhis paceown andspeedexertsthathimselfill healthbeouttheir theart worldof healingmedicinewith menmusic.uniteA

great natural cavern known as and bodily disharmony result. Modhealer is often chosen because he has

the Cave of Music. Its craggy walls ern educators, becoming aware of the in his possession songs and chants

extend high into the sky, and its vast innate music in children, are trying that have been handed down from floor, covering an area of over two to teach them their own natural mouth to ear. Combining the power

hundred feet, is submerged in sea rhythm, hoping that they will mainof music with religion and his mediwater. The ocean roars and tumbles tain it in later years as a weapon cine, he offers rituals and rhythms to

all about the cave, and wild birds against the tensions that sometimes ward off disease and disasters. True,

scream through its mighty walls. develop in adults. the savage beating his tomtom makes

Sea animals inhabit its depths while Although we know little about the no attempt at melody and harmony, the wind echoes and reechoes music of ancient days, it is an acbut his measured chant has deep through stony arches. When the cepted fact that man has always given meaning to him. In his book African

weather is fair, the tide murmurs vent to his feelings through sound or Travels, Sir Samuel Baker says that gently, but in a storm the waves music. The Bible speaks of it often; a man would be safer going through

thunder with furious intensity. ancient tales of the Orient mention the heart of Africa with a hand organ

Mendelssohn once visited this enit; and music is often referred to in than with a band of soldiers, so suschanted isle. For a long time he sat Indian traditions. The earth has ceptible are the natives to music.

listening to the symphony that nature been generous in preserving for us Two Hebrew kings stand as symplayed for him; then, taking a pencil pottery, monoliths, relief maps, and bols of ancient Israel's devotion to

and paper from his pocket, he began urns displaying pictures of musical music. David, the lowly shepherd

to write symbols. In a few months instruments and scenes; while ancient child who became poet, musician,

he gave to the world the great overinstruments have been found in statesman, warrior, and king was also ture known as "The Isle of Fingel,"tombs and the ruins of old cities. one of the world's greatest hymnists.

portraying in music the untamed The ancient Greeks understood tlje When a mere lad he was summoned country of the Hebrides, the crying relationship of mind to body arid to the courts of the distraught king seabirds, the wind and water roaring realized the value of music in mental Saul after all other curative measures through the deep caverns. hygiene. had failed. From the boy's gentle

Many a man has had the well- "The health of the body and the touch upon the harp flowed the balm springs of his artistic creativity genhealth of the mind are inseparable,"of healing that the harassed king had erated by the beauties of nature: the said Plato, addressing the physicians failed to find elsewhere, and from

sea, the wide canyons, the wind and of his day. "The part can never be David's poet heart came a treasury

rain. Debussy conceived "La Mer"well unless the soul is well, and the of inspired songs. Realizing the

from his recollections of days spent great error of the day is that physipower of music, David gave a wise on the seashores of France and Engcians separate the soul from the exhortation to the chief musician of land. A vivid tonal picture, it rebody."Pure harmony of body and Israel: "Sing aloud unto the Lord,

veals in music the mysterious nature soul was the Greek aim of life, and our strength: make a joyful noise

of the deep and hidden waters. they believed that when the soul unto the God of Jacob."

lost its peace and harmony, it could When the Israelites found deliver11/fAN himself is rhythmic. There be restored again by the proper apance from their enemies at the Red

"f is rhythm and harmony in all plication of rhythm and melody. Sea, it was in song that they expressed

of the human functions: the heartHomer prescribed music against the their gratitude to God. Led by Moses,

beat, the pulse, inhalation and exnegative ills of the mind—sorrow, their chosen leader, they sang "I will

halation of breath, the coursing of anger, fatigue, and worry—maintainsing unto the Lord, for he hath trithe lifegiving fluid through the veins ing that listening to selected types of umphed gloriously."Then Miriam,

and arteries. If man lives wisely, music would advance healthgiving the sister of Moses, took up her timbril

he will endeavor to walk, talk, work, emotions. and led the women of Israel in a reand play in his own natural rhythm. Music plays an important part in frain, "It is good to give thanks."

It is when he loses sight of his irimost primitive life. In tribes through- (See Psalm 92:1.) In songs of praise

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA K MENDELSSOHN Op. 62, No. 6

out the devil and make all men forget their wrath."He became the father

of congregational singing, and soon his inspired hymns flowed from the lips of all. It has been said that

Luther did as much for the reformation by his music as by his translation and teaching of the Bible.

The curtain arose on the drama of

American history to the tune of a religious song. On the evening of

September 25, 1492, one of the companions of Christopher Columbus saw what he thought was the shore of the new America rising in the mist. The

. very thought that their hazardous

quest was over set him to singing and soon the others joined in, and from all three ships rose the sound of a

Latin hymn, "Gloria in Excelsis Deo,"the first greeting from the Old

World to the New. It was nearly

a month later that they really sighted land. On Friday night, October 12,

they saw a light glimmering from the western shore. Is it any wonder

that they poured out their joy of triumph with song? "Salve Regina"

echoed over the mighty deep to an-—Photo by Eva Luoma nounce the beginning of a glorious

new era.

The first book to be published in and thanksgiving we exercise the many a spirit was alive and striving, the New World was The Bay Psalm purest emotions of the human heartand God in his mercy raised up reBook, an English translation of the emotions that awaken us spiritually formers to bring back peace and Psalms. The Puritans, pleased with

and mentally. beauty to these hungry souls. Among their new songbook, proudly sent

Paul, in his epistles to the early them was Martin Luther. copies back to the Old World by

saints, made frequent mention of "My wish,"said Luther, "is to Spanish sailors. The gift was well

music. He urged the people of all compose sacred hymns so that the received and went through many

churches to sing. To the saints of word of God may dwell among the English editions. The first book

Colosse he wrote, "Let the word of people also by means of song. People printed by Benjamin Franklin's press

Christ dwell in you richly in all wisshould have hymns as well as the in Philadelphia was a songbook, dom; teaching and admonishing one Bible so that they cannot only read Watt's Psalms and Hymns.

another in psalms and hymns and God's word, but they can also speak The Lord, in Latterday revelation, spiritual songs, singing with grace in to him in song."acclaims the power of music. In

your hearts to the Lord."(Col. 3:16.) Luther was exceptionally gifted. In July 1830, through the Prophet Joseph

Thus, music has always held an addition to being an excellent singer Smith, he directed the Prophet's wife intimate place in religion. It wrought he was a superb flutest. As a boy, he Emma to "lay aside the things of this

miracles in preparing souls to receive often sang at the windows of wealthy world, and to seek for the things of the message of Christianity. Where citizens for alms to be given to the a better.

language failed, the universal lanpoor. At Christmas time he and his "And it shall be given thee, also, to

guage of music drew men together. companions would wander through make a selection of sacred hymns, as

The dark ages were dark indeed. the neighboring villages singing carols it shall be given thee, which is pleasFor many years the layman was not of the Christ child. "Music,"said ing unto me, to be had in my church.

allowed to sing in the churches. Yet Luther "is a gift of God. It can drive (Continued on page 346)

MAY 1957 323 NEED FOR BELONGING by Dr. Antone K. Romney

PROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION, B. Y. U.

AND PRESIDENT OF BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY STAKE

A young person comes into adopie. They usually attempt to avoid area of adolescent social needs and

As lescence he becomes more concalling attention to themselves, and characteristics is imperative.

L scious of his friends. He has a they also hesitate to ask favors. They Most young people will be happy

deep urge to get along with his peers, sometimes have difficulties in conto cooperate in any or all of the to be liked by them, to have their apversation with those with whom they areas of conflict, provided an underproval. Anxious to conform to the are not well acquainted. standing or meeting of the minds can

pressures of the group, he wants the Studies indicate that although boys be arranged. But this meeting of

same kind of clothes, the same manin their teens are usually more agminds, this understanding, must come ners, and the same privileges. He is gressive in social situations than girls, from an effort first on the part of the

beginning to depend upon his friends they have less interest in them. Girls parent, and second on the part of the

rather than upon his parents for are very much interested but hesitate child, to understand one another. The

security. to be aggressive. wise parent will do everything posThe adolescent also wants to be One of the main social problems sible to understand the feelings of the

more dignified and will become more of adolescents has to do with the boy or girl, the many desires and formal in social activities and his question of broadening interests outdrives which grow out of widening friendships with both sexes become side the home, and the freedom teeninterests and growth toward social more steady. With the development agers want in order to follow these maturity. A youth desires to rely

of greater insight, he wants less deinterests. A young child is interested upon himself. He has deep urges to

pendence upon adults and he wants only in his mother; then his interest make his own decisions. He ceases

his relationships with them to be on broadens to other members of the to think of his parents as protectors a more equal basis. family, to his crowd at school, and or supervisors. He wants them as

In short, he is growing up, feeling finally to his community. Youths are friends. Wise parents will work with

new social needs and interests. With continually faced with changing inthese desires rather than against

this social development come problems terests and are characterized by these them. The difficulties between chilwhich are as important to our teeninterests just as they are by their dren and parents are proportionate

agers as any they face during adophysical and emotional characteristics. to the lack of understanding by parlescence. They can sometimes seem An interesting study of some of the ents of the characteristics of their

overwhelming, and without the unconflicts which youth have with paryoung people.

derstanding of parents, cause much ents was made among 528 junior high In giving social guidance to youth, unhappiness. school students. Virginia Lee Block it is also essential to remember that

The typical young man in his teens studied these conflicts over a fiveyear our young people must have an ophas some difficulty enjoying social period. The problems which were portunity to adapt themselves to the

gatherings, in meeting people, in inlisted by students as reasons for difrequirements of other young people.

troducing friends to older people, in ficulties with their mothers seem to Teenagers as well as adults are very adjusting to new situations in a sogrow out of the fact that adolescents sensitive to the approval or disapcial setting. He sometimes finds it feel their parents have not given them proval of friends of their own age.

hard to ask others for help, to speak the right amount and kind of freeThe wise parent will appreciate this in public. Social contact with girls, dom to develop according to their fact and the necessity of providing

responsibilities of leadership, and natural urges and drives. Some of opportunities for association with inmaking friends are a few of the situthe areas of conflict suggested by these dividual friends and with groups.

ations which can also be embarrassboys and girls included subjects of Young people should have an opporing. dress, makeup, dating, bedtime, food tunity to become acquainted with

A girl may suffer a little when dislikes, choice of friends, privacy, many people and to make special facing the necessity of speaking out and money. friends, in order that their social lives

in class, or the request to speak in These studies indicate clearly that may not suffer. One way in which

public. Girls are more timid than youth want to grow up socially, that parents may cooperate in this matter

boys at important affairs; they are they are anxious to assume more reis by opening their homes to the

more selfconscious before other peosponsibility. Parental help in the friends of their children and allowing

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA small, and occasionally large, groups ness, and helongingness. In order for if fulfilled naturally combine with the

in for entertainment. an individual's personality to develop third social need, which is helongingNot only do adolescents develop socially, he must receive the love and ness. If an individual is to develop

new and more interests socially, but acceptance of his fellow men. The socially, he must belong to groups.

they also develop new reading, recreaindividual first receives the love of The Creator recognized this and tion, and work interests. Wise parhis mother and members of his famplaces this need in the human soul

ents must give considerable freedom ily, later of his friends and members in order that people might recognize to these varied interests if their teenof the community. The affection the importance of group salvation.

agers are to avoid difficulty in their which is bestowed upon each indiChildren begin their social developsocial relationships. vidual makes it possible for him to ment in the family group; they then

More will be said concerning this develop socially in a normal and belong to the neighborhood, the freedom. We do not propose to give natural way. If love is withheld from school, the church, and the comthe child uncontrolled license, but we an individual, regardless of the reamunity. It is very important that

do propose that parents allow chilson, his social development is limited, they have recognized membership in dren to plan in terms of their inand the inner drives which exist in these groups if they are to develop terests and natural urges. This every normal human being may force socially. Children who are isolated

freedom of planning and activity him to try in every conceivable way have little opportunity so to develop.

however should be under supervision to obtain the affection and love which Few things are more tragic than the and proper guidance from parents. If he must have in order to develop person who lacks social development

it is, many of the difficulties of youth socially. because of unmet social needs. The

are lessened. The second important social need is individual is truly destitute who has

Understanding parents assist youth likeness. In other words, an indino friends, who is ostracized from

to obtain a sense of security in their vidual wants to be like his fellow groups, who does not receive the afsocial relationships. The morale of men. If he cannot be like them, he fection which is sought by all

a home is usually the key to the must make adjustments, and even Wise parents will recognize the presence or absence of these feelings though this social adjustment is often symptoms of unmet social needs and of security. When the social needs made in an acceptable manner, it is do all in their power to provide acof young people are met, they will a big mistake for parents and teachers ceptance and love for their children.

be more likely to feel secure, and to force an unwilling child to be difThey will try to provide the opportuthere will be higher morale and a ferent from his friends and associates. nity for their children to be like others

greater spirit of harmony and unity If he is to be different, his difference in socially acceptable ways. They

in the home. must be based upon a voluntary acwill also arrange opportunities for

Needs of human beings which ceptance of a higher principle or conchildren to be identified with groups must be met to insure happiness and dition which makes him different by so that the feeling of, belongingness, proper social development could all choice. and of being loved, will be satisfacbe included in three words: love, likeLove and likeness are needs which torily fulfilled.

-A Monkmeyer Photo

Teenagers feel a strong need to belong, to have friends.

MAY 1957 325 The Second Advent* by President Charles W. Penrose

FORMER MEMBER OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Charles W. Penrose

rofessed Christians of all had predicted his appearance, he sent pel of Christ, as revealed through denominations believe in a prophet to prepare the people for Joseph Smith—namely, faith, rethe second coming of his coming. Therefore it is reasonpentance, baptism for the remission

Christ; but while all agree able to suppose (although the old of sins, the laying on of hands for

that he will appear "the prophets and apostles have spoken the gift of the Holy Ghost, etc.

second time without sin unto salvamany things concerning his second many among all nations will be led tion,"they disagree about the manner, advent) that he would send someone to forsake the traditions of their the place, and the time of his appearto prepare the world for that event; fathers and become numbered with

ance. and the necessity of this is obvious the people of God. These will gather

The popular opinion is that he will when we consider the uncertainty and to one place to prepare themselves come in a spiritual manner and reign differences of opinion that prevail for the appearance of the Savior, by in the hearts of his people; that his upon the subject. learning through his inspired servants

presence will be universally and Now, although the ancient Jews the things which are pleasing to him simultaneously felt when all the had the writings of the prophets and and purifying themselves from all world has been converted through the presence of John the Baptist, yet things which he hates. They will

the preaching of the word. but a few, comparatively speaking, build unto him a holy temple. Of

Now, against this doctrine there would believe that Jesus of Nazareth necessity some form of government have been many objectors. Some was the Messiah. His forerunner was must be set up among them, as they

have declared* that he would come put to death, and he himself was will exist in a national as well as an "traveling as a man"and commence crucified; and although the people of ecclesiastical capacity. This governagain to preach to the world; others this generation have the Old and ment will be a theocracy, or, in other

have even contended that he would New Testaments and the Lord has words, the kingdom of God. The

appear "in the form of a woman."sent a messenger to prepare the world laws, ordinances, regulations, etc.,

Various places have been fixed upon for his second advent, the same igwill be under the direction of God's as the spot where he would appear; norance exists, and the same spirit priesthood, and the people will prothe very "day and hour"of his comnow prevails which caused the death gress in arts, sciences, and everything

ing have been proclaimed to the of John the Baptist and of Jesus that will produce happiness, promote world, and the periods were as various Christ. union, and establish them in strength,

as the localities. Joseph Smith, like John the Baptist, righteousness, and everlasting peace.

The Latterday Saints have their came to a sectarian generation to On the other hand, through the peculiar views upon this important "prepare the way"before the Mesrejection of this gospel, which "shall subject, founded, however, not upon siah. Like John he preached "the be preached to all the world as a

mere speculation, popular opinion, or baptism of repentance for the remiswitness"of the coming of Christ, the mystical interpretations of ancient sion of sins,"and, like him, he was world will increase in confusion, prophecy, but upon God's word repersecuted, imprisoned, and slain. doubt, and horrible strife. As the

vealed in these latter times, corroboBut those who have received his testiupright in heart, the meek of the rated by the plain and pointed mony and obeyed the principles of earth, withdraw from their midst, declarations of "holy men of God righteousness which he proclaimed so will the Spirit of God also be withwho spake by the Holy Ghost."It have received from God a light which drawn from them. The darkness

is the design of this article to explain enables them to "discern the signs upon their minds in relation to eterbriefly some of these views for the of the times"and to see the day nal things will become blacker, nabenefit of the general reader. quickly advancing when the Lord tions will engage in frightful and

Before the Lord made his first apshall come. The false alarms which bloody warfare, the crimes which are

pearance among men on earth, notstartle the world at intervals have no now becoming so frequent will be of withstanding that the ancient seers terrors for them, for they have "a continual occurrence, the ties that more sure word of prophecy."bind together families and kindred

403fF. 27, page Era, Vol. Improvement *From The

Sept. 1859. Through the preaching of the goswill be disregarded and violated, the 10, Star,Originally from The Millennial

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA passions of human nature will be put Third, the corrupt nations and day."They will be baptized for the

to the vilest uses, the very elements kingdoms of men, who, rejecting the remission of their sins and will receive around will seem to be affected by the light of the gospel, are unprepared the gift of the Holy Ghost, and the national and social convulsions that for the Lord's advent and are almost government of God as established in will agitate the world, and storms, ripe for destruction. Zion will be set up among them, no

earthquakes, and appalling disasters Among the firstmentioned of these more to be thrown down forever.

by sea and land will cause terror three classes of men, the Lord will The great and crowning advent of and dismay among the people; new make his appearance first; and that the Lord will be subsequent to these

diseases will silently eat their ghastly appearance will be unknown to the two appearances, but who can deway through the ranks of the wicked; rest of mankind. He will come to scribe it in the language of mortals?

the earth, soaked with gore and dethe temples prepared for him, and The tongue of man falters, and the filed with the filthiness of her inhis faithful people will behold his pen drops from the hand of the writer, habitants, will begin to withhold her face, hear his voice, and gaze upon as the mind is rapt in contemplation fruits in their season; the waves of his glory. From his own lips they of the sublime and awful majesty of

the sea will heave themselves beyond will receive further instructions for his coming to take vengeance on the their bounds, and all things will be in the development and beautifying of ungodly and to reign as King of the commotion; and in the midst of all Zion and for the extension and sure whole earth.

these calamities, the master minds stability of his kingdom.

among nations will be taken away, TTe comes! The earth shakes, and

and fear will take hold of the hearts TTis next appearance will be among *-* the tall mountains tremble; the

of all men. *--* the distressed and nearly vanmighty deep rolls back to the north

The Jews, still in unbelief that quished sons of Judah. At the crisis of as in fear, and the rent skies glow

Jesus was the Christ, will separate their fate, when the hostile troops of like molten brass. He comes! The

themselves from among the gentiles several nations are ravaging the city dead Saints burst forth from their and gather to their fatherland. Events and all the horrors of war are overtombs, and "those who are alive and

will be so controlled by the God of whelming the people of Jerusalem, he remain"are "caught up"with them

Israel that they shall possess the land will set his feet upon the Mount of to meet him. The ungodly rush to

again and build the temple in its Olives, which will cleave and part hide themselves from his presence former place; they will increase and asunder at his touch. Attended by a and call upon the quivering rocks to

multiply in numbers and in riches, host from heaven, he will overthrow cover them. He comes—with all the

and practise the rites of the Mosaic and destroy the combined armies of hosts of the righteous glorified! The

law, looking for the coming of the the gentiles, and appear to the worbreath of his lips strikes death to the

Messiah to reign over them as king. shiping Jews as the mighty Deliverer wicked. His glory is a consuming

The bankrupt nations, envying the and Conqueror so long expected by fire. The proud and rebellious are

wealth of the sons of Judah, will seek their race; and while love, gratitude, as stubble; they are burned and "left

a pretext to make war upon them awe, and admiration swell their bosneither root nor branch."He sweeps

and will invade the "holy land"to oms, the Deliverer will show them the the earth "as with the besom of de- "take a prey and a spoil."tokens of his crucifixion and disclose struction."He deluges the earth with

himself as Jesus of Nazareth, whom the fiery floods of his wrath, and the filthiness abominations of the andWe themayearthconsiderat thethetimeinhabitantsimmediatelyof fathersthey hadput reviledto death.andThenwhomwill theirunworld are his consumed. Satan and

preceding the coming of Christ under belief depart from their souls and dark hosts are taken and bound three divisions: "the blindness in part which has hapthe prince of the power of the air has

First, the Saints of God gathered pened unto Israel"be removed. "A lost his dominion, for he whose right

to one place on the western continent, fountain for sin and uncleanness shall it is to reign has come, and "the kingcalled Zion, busily preparing for his be opened to the house of David and doms of this world have become the appearance in their midst as their the inhabitants of Jerusalem,"and "a kingdoms of our Lord and of his

Redeemer, who had shed his blood nation will be born"unto God "in a Christ."

for their salvation, now coming to "The people of the Saints of the reign over them and to reward them Most High"will dwell on the earth, for their labors in establishing his which shall bring forth her strength government; Improvement as in the days of her youth; they will

cities build those gardens; and plant the Second, gathered Jews to JeruERA faithful have over a been who few also expecting the Messiah,salem and

but not believing that Jesus of things will be made rulers over manyNazareth is the Son of God, and being REPRINT things; Eden will bloom, and the

in danger of destruction from their fruits and flowers of paradise display gentile enemies; (Concluded on page 364)

ow cxrstwo exwo ffx&xevncn

MAY 1957 327 for inspirational talk Thoughts:;-:';...-....:.pr.'... ".;. "'-.-:-.....'.'. -y'.''.':'. "-v::-:-::".-"- ': -:: '- 1 - - '... ':: "\.:;.:.

The Presidents of the Church SPEAK ON PRAYER Nearly everyone in the Church is called upon occasionally to give an inspirational talk—in

Sacrament meetings, leadership meetings, firesides, or funerals, at MIA, at seminary, at Sunday School.

Finding suitable ideas and helpful quotations is sometimes a problem. Through this new department,

which will be a regular feature of the Era, ideas, suggestions, and gems for your speech will be given.

We hope they will prove useful to you. The Editors.

W/e would say to the brethren, seek to know God in your closets, call upon him in the fields. Follow the directions of the Book of Mormon,

and pray over, and for your families, your cattle, your flocks, your herds, your corn, and all things that you possess; ask the blessing of God upon all

your labors, and everything that you engage in. Be virtuous and pure;

be men of integrity and truth; keep the commandments of God; and then

you will be able more perfectly to understand the difference between right and wrong—between the things of God and the things of men; and your

path will be like that of the just, which shineth brighter and brighter unto the perfect day.

Prophet Joseph Smith Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith page 247

V/ou know that it is one peculiarity of our faith and religion never to ask

A the Lord to do a thing without being willing to help him all that we are able; and then the Lord will do the rest.

I shall not ask the Lord to do what I am not willing to do.

Do not ask God to give you knowledge when you are confident that you will not keep and rightly improve that knowledge.

—President Brigham Young

Discourses of Brigham Young page 43

T\ YOU HAVE family prayers in your family?... And when you do, do

*-* you go through the operation like the grinding of a piece of machinery, or do you bow in meekness and with a sincere desire to seek the blessing of God upon you and your household? That is the way that we ought to

do, and cultivate a spirit of devotion and trust in God, dedicating ourselves to him, and seeking his blessings.—President John Taylor

The Gospel Kingdom page 284

T have more faith in prayer before the Lord than almost any other principie on earth. If we have no faith in prayer to God, we have not much 4> *

in either him or the gospel. We should pray unto the Lord, asking him

for what we want. Let the prayers of this people ascend before the Lord

continually in the season thereof, and the Lord will not turn them away, but they will be heard and answered, and the kingdom and Zion of God will rise and shine, she will put on her beautiful garments and be clothed with the glory of her God, and fulfil the object of her organization here upon the earth.—President Wilford Woodruff

Discourses of Wilford Woodruff page 221 328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <* /ne prayersof theandgreatesttheir prayersconsistency,that ais manthat canwhenoffer,an soelderfar ofas IIsraelunderstandstands before the people, he may communicate and tell some thoughts to do the people good, and build them up in the principles of truth and salvation.

Prayers of this kind are as agreeable in the ears of the Lord as any prayers that an elder of Israel can possibly offer, for when an elder stands before the people he should do so realizing that he stands before them for the purpose of communicating knowledge, that they may receive truth in their souls and be built up in righteousness by receiving further light, progressing in their education in the principles of holiness.

—President Lorenzo Snow

journal of Discourses volume 4 page 182

Tt is not a difficult thing to learn how to pray. It is not the words we use

*- particularly that constitute prayer. Prayer does not consist of words,

altogether. True, faithful, earnest prayer consists more in the feeling that

rises from the heart and from the inward desire of our spirits to supplicate the Lord in humility and in faith, that we may receive his blessings. It

matters not how simple the words may be if our desires are genuine and we come before the Lord with a broken heart and contrite spirit to ask

J \/ him what we need.—President Joseph F. Smith

Gospel Doctrine page 219

I"have little or no fear for the boy or the girl, the young man and the -"- young woman, who honestly and conscientiously supplicate God twice a day for the guidance of his spirit. I am sure that when temptation comes

they will have the strength to overcome it by the inspiration that shall be given to them. Supplicating the Lord for guidance of his Spirit places

around us a safeguard, and if we earnestly and honestly seek the guidance of the Spirit of the Lord, I can assure you that we will receive it.

—President Heber J. Grant

Gospel Standards page 26

T hope the Latterday Saints will not fail to say their prayers, their secret * prayers and their family prayers. Children who are reared in homes

where they do not have family prayers and secret prayers lose a great deal, and I fear that, in the midst of the world's confusion, of hurry and bustle, many times homes are left without prayer and without the blessings of the

Lord; these homes cannot continue to be happy.

—President George Albert Smith

Sharing the Gospel With Others page 207

T cherish as one of the dearest experiences in life the knowledge that God *- hears the prayer of faith.

It is true that the answer. may not come as direct and at the time or

in the manner we anticipate; but it comes, and at a time and in a manner

best for the interests of him who offers the supplication. On more than one

occasion, I have received direct and immediate assurances that my petition was granted. At one time, particularly, that answer came as distinctly as

though my Father stood by my side and spoke the words. These experiences

are part of my being and must remain so as long as memory and intelligence last. They have taught me that "Heaven is never deaf but when man's

heart is dumb."—President David O. McKay

Cherished Experiences pages 3031

MAY 1957 329 imagery that side of the story. The

prophecy we are concerned with follows in verses 22 through 24.

It is easy to see why the Book of

Mormon and its people were on The ofEzekiel'sterriblemind.crisis forHe Israel,lived inwhenan agehis

people were being dispersed over the

lifetime led wer bands two small own later to in the country, out of meet Twig of the Cedar earth as never before. In Ezekiel's

America. In one sense, then, both

Ezekiel 17 and 37 were utterances on a vital problem that weighed on his by John L. Sorenson mind then and which would enlighten

future generations.

The writer of II Kings records that of sons the "slew Nebuchadnezzar ruler while, inalways maintained puppet have was a newMormons eyes."before his Zedekiah Book The of scriptures in Bible interest the throne which by the stalled on Judah

prophesy of the Book of Mormasters from the east. He was of Mormon, however, informs us that

mon. Nearly all of us are familiar with Mattaniah, renamed Zedekiah, himone of these sons escaped. Five centhe phrase from Isaiah, "a voice from self but twentyone. turies later the prophet, Alma, said:

the dust,"or with Ezekiel's "stick of These facts Nephi did not record "Will ye say that the sons of ZedeJoseph."Yet one Old Testament pason the small plates of the Book of kiah were not slain, all except it were

sage has been strangely neglected, alMormon. He simply begins his story Mulek? Yea, and do ye not behold

though Orson Pratt noted its mean- "in the commencement of the first that the seed of Zedekiah are with ing long ago. The prophecy is in year of the reign of Zedekiah, king us, and they were driven out of the

Ezekiel, chapter 17; Mulek is its subof Judah."(1 Nephi 1:4.) That land of Jerusalem?"(Hel. 8:21.)

ject: same year Lehi and his family fled That one son escaped is not too

all. after surprising, Remember, their to the Holy make Land way

also I will saith the Lord God; Thus at his thirtytwo only Zedekiah was finally to the across Arabia sea and high the of of the highest branchtake capture. All his children must havecedar, and will set it; I will crop off from to the promised land—America.

the top of his young twigs a tender one, The Prophet Jeremiah tried vainly been preadolescent. Mulek might

it will high very infant plant well disguised mountain an a upon have beenand of the to stubborn Zedekiah warn eminent:and spirited servants out devoted whom rebellious in his policy toward danger of Israel of height the the In mountain Possibly grasp. Babylonian of the insisted, it: it a I shall Babylon. he forth Egypt, bring waswill plant and

boughs, and bear fruit, and be a goodly wornout, useless ally who could do he was in the company of the "king's finally it all reached they of daughters"shall fowl dwellcedar: under when and the to help defend nothing Jews

branches of the in theevery wing; shadow Jer. (See along Jeremiah. with Egypt force. of course in a Of showdown dwell, shall theythereof 43:6.) right. After nine 41:10; the prophet was shall field all trees of the the know And

that I the Lord have brought down the high years of uncertain reign, Zedekiah The Book of Mormon says little of tree, have exalted the low tree, have dried saw his capital besieged by another Mulek's party crossing the ocean.

tree, the green the have andup made jourreports that "they (16) Omni of his master, army, dry great Nebuchadto I thetree flourish: spoken have Lord and wilderness, in the were and neyed year of nezzar. in the second Then it. 17:2224.) (Ezekielhave done

hungry, helpless entrapment inside brought by the hand of the Lord

Just who was Mulek? The Book the walls of Jerusalem, hope came to across the great waters, into the land

of Mormon says very little about him: an end. The king himself tried to where Mosiah discovered them."That

he was a son of Zedekiah, last king of slip out and through the enemy corwas the land of Zarahemla.

the Jews, who, with companions, came don. When he failed, "they slew the Dr. Hugh Nibley has pointed out

to the same land as the party of Lehi. sons of Zedekiah before his eves, and that many Egyptian elements enter

Both Mulek and Ezekiel's prophecy put out the eyes of Zedekiah... and the background of the Book of Morfirst lived in the same tense age of the carried him to Babvlon."(II Kings mon and that these may be due to exancient Jewish world. 25:7.) periences in Lehi's own life. Another

In 598 B.C. eighteenyear-old JeThat finale was enacted in 587 or possible explanation is that these elehoiachin had reigned as king of the 586 B.C., while Lehi's party was still ments made the trip with Mulek and

land of Judah for only three months en route to America. (See 2 Ne. 1:4.) company. For example, Giddonah,

when Nebuchadnezzar, king of BabyOnly four years before, Ezekiel had a proper name in the Book of Morlon, sent an army to besiege Jerusalem said harsh things about Zedekiah. mon, is read by Dr. Nibley as an

in reprisal for a rebellion of JehoiaThe prophet favored firm Jewish supEgyptianized version of the name of chin's late father. The youthful port of captive monarch Jehoiachin. the famous Phoenician port, Sidon. 1

king, with most of the royal house, Zedekiah was characterized by the If we note, too, that the naming of plus important citizens of Jerusalem, prophet as a powergrabbing covenant the major river of the land southwas carried captive to Babylon of the breaker whose fearful punishment ward in the promised land, the Sidon, "Land between the Rivers."Ezekiel, would yet come, as indeed it did. was by the Mulekites, 2 in all probatoo, was one of the exiles. MeanEzekiel (17:1-21) tells with forceful bility, the name of the Phoenician

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA port takes on added significance. Pos- "Thus saith the Lord God; I will If we read the name as muleq (with

sibly Mulek was carried across the also take of the highest branch of the a final letter qoph), the meaning ocean by a Sidonian ship diverted high cedar, and will set it; I will crop would become "to break off, nip off."

from the ageold Egyptian trade. But off from the top of his young twigs (This particular variant of this root

this is speculation. The fact remains a tender one, and will plant it upon occurs nowhere in our Old Testathat Mulek did arrive safely. an high mountain and eminent:..."ment, but neither do thousands

Helaman informs us (6:10) that (Ezek. 17:22.) Previous verses clearof other common ancient Hebrew

Mulek first came to the land northly show the meaning: a child of words.) To the Semitic mind with

ward in his company's voyage from Zedekiah, the king, was to be "cropits love of word play this situation the Old World. But, Amaleki, one ped"from the family tree and would be perfect. The faithful folof the early Nephite recordkeepers "planted"in another land. lowers of Prince Mulek would have

(Omni 1516), specifically states that The evidence that this "tender been reminded at every mention of

Mulek's people "were brought by the twig"was Mulek of the Book of Morhis name that he was both their hand of the Lord across the great mon is made more convincing by a king and also the pluckedoff twig of waters, into the land where Mosiah revealing play on words involving his Ezckiel's prophecy. Mulek could in

discovered them; and they had dwelt name. Latterday Saints who have this way remain a symbol of prophecy

there from that time forth."In paid any attention to the matter have fulfilled in the grim fall of Jerusalem,

Alma's extensive aside on geography assumed, logically, that the Hebrew as well as of prophecy of promise in (Alma 22, especially verses 30 and root of Mulek's name must be malak, the transplanting of Judah's ruling 31) he says, the land northward ",.. to reign, whence melek, king, and house to another land.

was discovered by the people of many other forms of related sense. The Book of Mormon account thus

Zarahemla, it being the place of their This however leaves the vowels u and agrees with the name; a prince of

first landing. e unexplained. Such internal vowels Judah was plucked from the royal

"And they came from there up into are most significant in Hebrew words. tree to grow in a distant high and

the south wilderness."So the party Assuming that the spelling of the eminent land. All this was the work

of Mulek, unlike Lehi, was not satisname as given by Joseph Smith reaof the Lord, not of man. Note that

fied with their first landfall as a place sonably reproduces the distinctions of while Ezekiel spoke of Jehoiachin's for settlement. For some reason they the ancient language, it becomes clear being "cropped off the top of his

pushed on "up"to Zarahemla land. that Mulek is probably what is termed young twigs"by a "great eagle"or

Now, Ezekiel had looked ahead a Pual form of the Hebrew verb, and nation (17:3-4, 12), by contrast, the

prophetically to see a series of events therefore would be read as passive. later twig, Mulek, is said specifically

that sound much the same, despite The passive of malak, "ruled"or to be the subject of the Lord's plucktheir being described in figurative "reigned over,"would hardly be a ing action (v. 22). Omni (16) agrees

language. He saw a stately cedar name to be retained by any deposed emphatically in stating that Mulek

tree, representing the royal house of prince! The name must have some was "brought by the hand of the

Judah, and what was to befall it. other meaning. Lord"across the ocean. Whoever

sailed the ship for the adventurous prince doesn't necessarily deserve the major credit for a successful voyage;

he had divine help all the way.

Ezekiel also prophesied that Mulek, the twig, was to be planted "in the mountain of the height of Israel."

Father Jacob's deathbed blessing on

Joseph comes to mind in response to this phrasing. (Gen. 49:2226.) Jacob

promised there upon his favorite son an added blessing, beyond those which he had inherited from his father, Isaac, and grandfather, Abraham. This special heritage of his,

Jacob said, extended "unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills."It

was a blessing of a rich land. Lehi's

descendants, of Joseph's lineage, fulfilled in the promised land of America both Jacob's blessing and Moses'addition to it in the same vein. (Deut.

33:1317.) Mulek's destination then was the land "of the ancient mountains,""the lasting hills"or "the height of—Religious News Service Photo Israel."Was this why Mulek's party

kept moving into the wilderness?

A giant cedar, proud monarch of the mountain slopes of ancient

Lebanon. (Continued on page 338)

MAY 1957 331 2? NEW FFfyrr$FrrrrFsyr?

Cm Cm Jhe lenathened'-9 shadow I

L. Evans TRANSLUCENT Richard

I effect of our influence on others is always a matter PANELS The of sobering concern. In the course of a lifetime, a man I

make your home and may himself, get a little out of line, and because he was well I yard more colorful—taught, because of his solid background, because he knows

inviting—livable the difference between right and wrong, he may feel sure

that he can safely get back when he wants to. And maybe

he can. Maybe from his youth, from parents, from teachers,

there was something basically built into him, that saves him I from going too far. Maybe his character and training, his I

basic beliefs, are so solidly set that he can take a little lati- I tude with some degree of safety. Maybe he can and maybe

he can't. But suppose we concede that it is possible for a

well -seasoned person to take a little latitude, to get a little I off course, and still get back when he wants to. But still I

what about his influence on others? What about his influ- I'

2 ence on his own family and friends? Emerson observed that S

"An institution is the lengthened shadow of one man."1 Let's!

generalize this somewhat, to say that a family, in a sense, is! the lengthened shadow of parents and forebears; that a son,

5 in a sense, is the lengthened shadow of a father—with empha-

s sis on the word lengthened, because the next generation I s tends somewhat to exceed the example it has been set. If I

a parent is, a little critical, a child is likely to be more critical. I

If a parent shows a little disrespect, a child may show more disrespect. The wellseasoned adult may know that he

Cm doesn't altogether mean what he says, or didn't intend it to 2 be as bad as it sounds, but a child may take what he hears

Wherever you look in your home 2 and sees and feels literally, and lengthen the shadow of the or yard, there's a place for this example that was set before him, and carry it much farther exciting fiberglass reinforced Cm than his father. True, it doesn't always work that way.

paneling. The most creamodern are there Sometimes influences; recountering sometimes

tion in color daylight and comaction enters in to direction. in an opposite move generBut fort. Its lightness, strength and

if ally, line, generation a little leans of one out the next its permanence... easy workability... its unique translucent generation may lean a long way out of line. And unfortu- I

beauty opens new decorating Cm nately the price people pay for a little socalled latitude may opportunities for you. not be confined to themselves. Their children may pay a

Available in exciting decora- 2 higher price. And when a person sees himself as being retor colors sponsible for the defection of his children, then he has really I

Lets in light, but retains pripaid a high price. (And that has been the remorse of many I

vacy men.) And all of us as parents, and all of us as people,

Strong—shatterproof should remember the shadow we cast before us, the shadow I

Easy to install—works like of example, as it lengthens out in the lives of our families and

wood with simple hand tools friends, and in the lives of others also. (It is sobering but

in Comes both flat and corCm true that others, in some measure, are the lengthened shadow rugated sheets 2 of what we show them.)

AT YOUR LOCAL 2 Cm LUMBER DEALER FROM TEMPLE SQUARE lA/ord Jhe Jpohen Cm PRESENTED THE COLUMBIA OVER KSL AND BROADCASTING

Distributed by SYSTEM, MARCH 3, 1957

MORRISONMERRILL Cm Copyright 1957 & CO. Cm Emerson, Self Reliance.

Building Material Distributors

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WmWMWMM

Again this year copper is going to college in the form of a renewed Kennecott grant of $50,000 to Utah State Agricultural

College. The grant will be used for three vital agricultural

research projects that can increase the prosperity of farmers throughout the state.

One project will help livestock men breed cattle and sheep that will gain more weight per pound of feed. The second

will seek to control dodder, a plant parasite threatening

Utah's five million dollar alfalfa seed industry. The third

will try to develop locally grown, highenergy poultry feed now being imported. This would give Utah farmers an

opportunity to raise new, profitable crops.

The success of these projects, by helping Utah's agriculture, will benefit our entire state.

The grant to USAC is just one of several made by Kennecott to colleges and universities in Utah. They are all part of

Kennecott's broad program of participation in worthwhile community activities—a program based on Kennecott's

policy of being a good neighbor helping to build a better Utah.

r<\ ggggggygg-i, Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

MAY 1957 333 Leisure Time-

a Blessirij

or a Blight?

by Jesse R. Smith

tion and service trades in the ensuing decades, producing goods and services to enrich our lives. Only fourteen

—Photo by Harold M. Lamb

percent of Americans today live on "The new era of leisure time holds a golden promise of the more abundant life: farms, but they supply the rest of

us with all the food and fibre we

Fourth of July speaker, wishing abundance to our lives. The age of need—and more. This enables seven

to emphasize our material blesssteam and steel came into full bloom. out of eight workers to engage in in-A ings, observed that the two most Men harnessed the elements and madustrial, business, professional, educaimportant problems facing Americans chines turned out incredible quantitional, research, and other pursuits,

are: (1) How to reduce, (2) Where ties of goods. Agriculture, too, kept all of which contribute to the nato park your car. There are implicapace with industry. Farm machinery, tional wellbeing.

tions here which should be considered. insecticides, fertilizers, and new techIn the nineteenth century, when

"In the sweat of thy face shalt thou niques increased the harvest manyindustry was taking hold, a workweek eat bread"(Gen. 3:19), was the adfold. Our population, predominantly of six, twelve hour days was commonmonition given to our first parents. agrarian in 1800, found ready emplace. With increased productivity

Down through the ages the force of ployment in factories, mines, distributhrough improved machines and new this stern charge has been felt by processes, ten hour, then eight hour the children of men. Generally it days became the pattern, followed

has been a neverending battle for more recently by a fiveday week.

the human race to obtain food, clothToday the average workweek is less ing, and shelter sufficient to keep than forty hours, and in the next few body and soul together. Indeed, this years, if private enterprise is peris the situation in parts of the world mitted to operate efficiently, a fourtoday. But not in America! day workweek may become standard.

God has blessed this land. A cenThis is predicted upon increased

tury and a half ago there was ushered productivity for each worker and is in the "age of invention,"significantnot to be accomplished by governly coincident with the Dispensation ment decree or magic formula.

of the Fulness of Times, when God's As we approach this new era of spirit, as Joel prophesied, would be greater leisure time—three days out

poured out upon all flesh. "Yankee of seven to do as we wish—thoughtingenuity,"aided by this Spirit, beful men are troubled. President

came energized and a stream of inEisenhower has raised these questions:

ventions followed, bringing material (Continued on page 336) 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

and THEN l NOW as always..

more listeners, more entertainment than any other Mountain West radio station.

KSL radio your listening companion

celebrating its th Anniversary, May 6, 1957 J 5

MAY 1957 335 arrrrMrrrrrrMFrFr leisure lime - a Blessing or

a Blight?

Ar little latitude. (Continued from page 334) How is the increase in leisure time and

the extension in life expectancy to be spent?

Richard L. Evans Will it be for the achievement of man's

better aspirations or his degradation to the level of a wellfed, wellkept slave?

There come before us some further facets of the question The shortened workweek has alas to how far can a person safely depart from principle: ready left millions with time on their

How far can he go and still get back when he wants to? hands. This was illustrated by the

At what age is character so completely set that a person can Royal Bank of Canada, which intake a little latitude and be safe and assured? There is an formed its clients in 1952 that a year

to saying, intent: ancient this sages, variously said by many

is into hours. divided Deduct- 8,760

till 1 said Euripides. "Account ye no he die,"happy man for sleep, hours'eight ing 2,920 1,960

2 it is his before blessed death,"recorded none "Judge in for forty hours'each minus week work

Ecclesiasticus. not the the day's "Measure work until three four vacation weeks, hundred

Barrett...";i said Elizabeth Browning. Sophocles out sumfor travel from and ninety to and

2 med it up by saying: "Therefore wait to see life's ending work, 1,095 for meals, and 365 for

till, blest; ere free pain thou mortal count one from Wait dressing there undressing, were and

rest."final his sorrow, the 1 In has thoughtgained and he

left, 5.3 "to 1,930 do and each day I of play, chief provoking Limit, the the authors one have Time as please."you

I sir, say: Yes, I characters a hero, General. son was "Your to day, the sabbath "Remember

give you my word. Hundreds of days he was a hero. On keep it holy. Six days shalt thou

only other all those he break. days one day did count Don't (Ex. labour, thy work,"and do all

3 Yes, surely for anything?"that a kind seem it would and ancient 20:8-9) the Lord commanded

just Judge would take the whole record into account, and Israel. Some think this requires six

I the days and hours of courage and consistency would surely days'work and one day rest. It

I count. But it is true that a penalty is paid when there is seems clear, however,- that the Lord

I departure from high principle, departure from keeping the intended man to observe the Sabbath commandments. And we take unto ourselves unnecessary day and to rest from his labors, since

risk when we step into any area of evil, when we set out to he had to spend the other six days sample the seamy and sordid side. There are none so old grubbing out an existence.

and none so young but who pay a penalty for departing Will the shortened workweek turn from sound principles. There are none so old or so young us into a nation of pleasure seekers?

who may safely relax their standards—for, as a matter of Our Father wants us to be happy

physical fact, one never really knows when he has leaned but not just pleasure loving. There

too far until he has fallen. At that point at which he finds is a vital distinction between the two.

out how far he can go, he has gone too far. Surely there If we pursue mere pleasures of the

is the blessed principle of repentance. And surely with real moment, deriving enjoyment as it is

repentance, the Lord God will forgive. But surely also, it dished up to us by secondrate en-

7 is a fool's kind of foolhardiness that tempts temptation, for tertainment coming over the air, no one ever really knows when his character is solidly and mediocre movies, and trashy publicasafely set, when he can safely get a little out of line, when tions, we waste an appalling amount he can safely take a little latitude. Peace and selfrespect, of time; we neglect our powers to

a quiet conscience and a sweetness of assurance inside, come think; we deteriorate intellectually

to him who has conquered himself, who has the wisdom to and become soft. If the day comes

stay well within his own strength and standards and not when the average family fritters 7 foolishly tempt temptation. away its leisure time on predigested,

commercially prepared entertainment a Euripidcs, Daughter of Troy. and recreation, America will be in

Ecclesiasticus, 28. Apocrypha: XI, mortal danger. One writer 1 observes 3Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh, Bk. V.

4Sophocles, Oedipus Tyrannus. that civilizations have gone through

5 EHenry Denker and Ralph Berkey, Time Limit, Act III. historical cycles which seem to be:

! "From bondage to spiritual faith;

from spiritual faith to courage; from

S Jhe Jpoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE courage to freedom; from freedom to

5 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING abundance; from abundance to selfish-

| SYSTEM, MARCH 10, 1957 ness; from selfishness to complacency;

5 Copyright 1957 from complacency to dependency;

S from dependency to fear; and from

fear back to bondage once more."Is

1H. W. Parentis, Jr., in "Lest We Forget."

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America becoming selfish and complacent?

The new era of leisure time holds a golden promise of the more abundant life. It is ours to use:

1) To grow culturally. Millions

of grownups are back in school. 2 Extension courses, night classes, as well

as the college campus, afford the opportunity for selfimprovement or learning of new skills. "People are

realizing that what they knew at twentyone is no longer enough to last them a lifetime,"says one educator. But the lack of formal education need not deprive anyone of

learning. The wise choice of books

and discrimination in our choices of entertainment can lead to fuller lives.

Many people are learning to know nature and are appreciating as never Nalley's Beef Stew is so popular because it's before God's handiwork. made just like you'd make it at home...tasty,

2) To become better citizens. Ours lean pieces of topgrade beef, panis the most difficult government on braised to seal in the juicy goodearth to operate because of the checks ness. Blended with choice gardenand balances against undue concenfresh vegetables, you can depend

tration of power, and yet it yields the on the oldfashioned flavor to richest blessings to its citizens. "Debring cries for "seconds"from

mocracy,"said Justice Brandies, "is a every member of the family.

serious undertaking which substitutes selfrestraint for external restraint."it it's NALLEY'S it's Good!

How great is the need for better understanding of our constitutional government by a larger number of citizens! Political issues should be

thoughtfully;considered men of prinTHE shouldciple devoid of demagoguerybe elected to office. BANOUETMASTER

3) To improve our family life. No

better use of leisure time can be made than to get closer to our children, take our vacations together, and make the home the center of our many activities. Truly, the opportunities in

this direction are glorious.

4) To devote our time and talents to the building of God's kingdom on earth. How much more effective

Church workers we can be if we have THE NEW NAME IN FOLDING TABLES more time! "O ye that embark in the

service of God, see that ye serve him

Compare and you'll choose Banquetwith all your heart, might, mind and master... for quality of materials,

strength...."(D & C 4:2.) May we design, craftsmanship. Exclusive

use our time to this end. "servicetested"features that make

2New York State alone has 600,000 adults in school it excel other tables costing much below the college level; California 400,000. more. Sample sent for inspection on

request.

A LATER RACHEL Send for free catalog and price list on

By Estella Giesklng our modern table and chair trucks, hostess dollies and folding chairs.

Che comes to me when darkness flows,

And I'm unable to repose. Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601

I feel her sweetness wrap me round, there's a the not whileAnd sound. D. H. CO., INC. LOOSLI

glad she'd L make me amHow allsure IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO little girl I've had!That never

MAY 1957 337 settle in a rich "mountain of Israel."

The Twig of the Cedar Mulek's party did just that, passing by extensive lands to be had for the (Continued from page 331) ritory south of the narrow isthmus or taking so that they could go "up"to

Were they seeking "an high mounneck of Tehuantepec, southern Mexthe land of Zarahemla to settle.

tain and eminent"as Ezekiel said? ico. The picture is then of seafaring Further, we are told that Mulek's peoLet us turn now to a fascinating immigrants passing up good landing ple "had dwelt there from that time

fragment of early traditional history spots in the lands north of that narforth"(Omni 16), while Sahagun'sin Mesoamerica—southern Mexico row neck only to move into the land settlers "traveled inland and founded

and northern Central America. This southward from the isthmus in search a town named Tamoanchan, where

was the place "a few hundred miles of a home. This brought them into they lived peacefully for a long time."

north and south where the Nephites the ruin -rich area of which the built their cities"as the Prophet Prophet Joseph Smith said: "[the NeOur most eminent scholar of anJoseph apparently wrote in 1842. 3 phites and Mulekites] lived about the cient Maya writing and language has

In that rich, exotic locale ancient narrow neck of land, which now emrecently shown that the name TamoAmerican civilization reached its braces Central America, with all the anchan actually came from the Maya zenith. cities that can be found. Central tongue of Chiapas state in southern

is its best Mexico. There meaning

... or America, once Guatemala emtraditions of peoples native the The as of mist, rain the given "land and several terof miles braced hundred full pitfalls forof of the area are 10 flowers. of land abundance"and city ritory to north from The interpreters,historical are they but south—means probably Zarahemla name The

... this stood Zarahemla uponalso parallels to of rich suggestive with 11 crops. s of or seeds"land "abundant

..."city land. the land and And ofthe Take Book Mormon. Don of his descendants and Mulek The settling of the place Zarahemla was acIxtlilxochitPs Alva deFernando of as the party "people were known his party. of Mulek and this aftercounts. century Cortez, A of immigrants Zarahemla."The

Europeanized descendant of Mexican Why did Mulek's party pass up the Sahagun's account were known as the native royalty compiled a traditional land northward to seek out the region people of Tamoanchan. In short,

history of his people using documents of Zarahemla in which to settle? The both might easily be encompassed in

from pre -Spanish times which have Book of Mormon does not say. But the name "people of the land ofsince been lost, though available to Ezekiel—and perhaps Father Sahaabundance,"for such is the essentialhim then. He speaks of several peogun—tell us why. meaning of the names. Remember

ples who arrived to settle in Mexico The padre writes further, "These what Moses had said of Joseph's disanciently. Of one of these he says: people came looking for 'an earthly tant promised land? "Blessed of the

"Those who possessed this new paradise... and they settled near Lord be his land, for the precious

world in this third age were the the highest mountains they found."things of heaven....

Ulmecas and Xicalancas; and accordFurthermore, "It seems that they or "And for the precious fruits broughting to what is found in their histories, their ancestors had an oracle conthey came in ships or barques from cerning this matter"of where to settle. forth by the sun, and for the precious

the East...."4 They bore as a name Tamoanchan, things put forth by the moon,

things of the for the chief an- "And means 'we are seeking our is which of interest But more specifically..."9 cient 33:13mountains. (Deut. home.'"the recorded information avid reby

searcher Father Bernardino Sahagun, Note well now: Ezekiel foresaw a 15.)

back in the sixteenth century in prince of Judah crossing the ocean to Rather unusual to our western central Mexico. He wrote that "conminds, or at least illogical, is the symcerning the origin of this people the bolism Ezekiel adopts of representing

account which the old people give is a people by means of a tree, here a that they came by sea from toward cedar. This is regular practice in

OLD BARN AT MORNING Semitic literature. Jacob's allegory ofthe north, and it is certain that they

came in some vessels of wood.... By Christie Jeffries the olive tree is a fine example. (Jacob

The first people [which he mentions] 5, 6.) Do we find a Mesoamerican

to settle this land came from toward Cunlight slants through the sagging door parallel to this symbolism to accord

Florida, and they came along the To form a mosaic on the floor, with the impressive similarities we coast and disembarked at the port WhereInterminglewhitewithof pinegold andand grayrust.of dust have already noted in the accounts of

of Panuco, which they call Panco, the immigrants to ancient Mexico?

which means, 'place where those The stall doors creak in the morning wind; Indeed we do.

tall posts rise, oaken twined, The andwho crossed the water arrived.'"5

loft the spiders weave, The same Chiapas Maya who gave shadowy where To

Other accounts of this immigration And swallows build beneath the eave. us the name Tamoanchan believed

also have these ships touch at Panuco, "most certainly that in the roots of near modern Tampico on the Gulf The sunlight moves like a thing alive; that ceiba tree [which was in the

the the cupola swallows From dive, center of each of their communities]of Mexico northeast of Mexico City."Circle, to rest sweep, then come

He continues: "And from that port Upon the ridgepole's bony breast. was where their lineage came from"

they commenced traveling along according to Nunez de la Vega. 1 - The

to the north of the Isthmusthe coast of the sea, viewing the snowy TheAs meltingroof, snowwhitened,flakes form a crystalturns trackto black Mixtecs peaks and the volcanoes, until they To the thirsting earth, and a steady drip a bit (but linguistically related to arrived at the province of GuateSings that winter has loosed his grip. those already spoken of) had a "govmala...."7 In Sahagun's day erning family [who] were said to be

Guatemala included most of the ter- (Continued on page 341) 338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H ll K h V New Standard petrochemical has l H q> H H U

I ufiHO an exciting place in your future f w v VT. i i r -v- n it i i- t \ i-. - ii i ii

) "'Or: 'HO iH 0* C'OH

Progress in the West means..+o?:

-: /V?."L 1 "I ft.... plentiful raw materials X for 3000 manufacturing of man hours in research produced these crystals that will Hundreds of thousands

firms by 1965 revolutionize many paints and plastics.

HOUSE PAINTS THAT LAST YEARS LONGER, superstrong 1957 lightweight luggage, improved fibreglass fishing rods and boats... these are some of the things that will come from Isophthalic*,

a new petrochemical from Standard laboratories. Even though

its possibilities have only begun to be explored, we have invested Standard'sproducts fromeconomistsIsophthalicsay:will"Newhelp

in a multimillion dollar plant to manufacture Isophthalic. provide employment for the 600,000

new workers in manufacturing the

We're convinced it will make as important a change in your life West will have by 1965."

as detergents, wrinkleresistant fabrics and other modern wonders whose basic materials were products of Standard research. "Manufacturedowned subsidiary,andOronitedistributedChemicalby Standard'sCompany.wholly

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

MAY 1957 339 Daunes IIusic 0n\ i and I \Ju.r ssferitaqeT of Jrial

Cwor—and Jnitk

Cn\ Richard L. Evans

Someone, OF unknown name, has shrewdly said that "we we'll of others, learn mistakes because from the must 2 all ourselves."Part to live never long enough make them

of our heritage is the experience of others. Part of our

I heritage is the progress and errors of the past. Part of our

heritage is the counsel of parents, and the commandments

God has given. Part of our heritage permits us to begin

off: conveniences others and have left The comforts i where sanitation, I science mechanics, and medicine and we have,

are all part of the heritage we have. And in these tangible

and material things we don't insist on going back to the beginning. We don't live in crude shelters or strike fires

i from flint. In these material things we accept what others I

TRIUMPH i N TON6"have learned, what others have made, and from there we

I gratefully begin. And why should we not, also, in matters I

the NEW CLASSIC... of morals and ethics, and in cleanliness of conduct and per- I

a personal purity? Cf+I sonal pay should we needlessly Why I Ideal for Church, Basically, there price for has already proved? been what

Chapel or School aren't any new evils. Basically, we are still dealing with the

of Basically, consequences. kind causes the same and same I it says: has heard Everyone who

to of sorrows. sins still In tools lead and the same kind like just a Cms sounds organ "This I pipe organ!"We invite you to techniques, in material things, we begin where others have

organ Conn this new compare the brought us; we use what others have taught us, knowing that on instrument with any other

market! You'll find its performit is wasteful and unwise to ignore the heritage we have.

ance incomparable... its price And this we should do also in the matter of morals, in the I

amazingly low. matter of conduct, in the matter of keeping the commandGet FREE Cm ments. And if young people would only remember that the

Demonstration Cm advice and counsel of sincere parents—and of the past—-is a DAYNES MUSIC NOW Cm valuable heritage, already proved and paid for, they could

Organists, committees and organ others. mistakes. save themselves learn from must many We

all inlovers cordially are music all live long that the mistakes enough to make We don't other I vited demonstrationrecita'l to a by Mr. Glen Pratt in our store men have made. In the first place, each of us can only make I

any time. No obligation. one fatal mistake of the many we might make. We have to I

live in part on the experience of the past. We have to live

Daunes Music in part on the word of witnesses. We have to live in part

of the faith don't live long our enough, on we fathers—for I

to here prove all things to the beginnow, and back by going 15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0V0 Salt Lake City ning. And so again we suggest to the young that they use

what has been proved in the past. That is what earnest I

parents are endeavoring to offer. That is what the Lord God

of peace and progress and improvement, and of happiness I YOU SHOULD READ 7 himself is offering in his counsel and commandments: the rules I These Two Books here and hereafter—-the great heritage from the trial and I

error—and truth—of all the ages. And the wise will profit The A.B.C. of Mormonism by the heritage they have.

3 nd Cm The Mormon Missionary's Message Cm Author Unknown. I

By J. PARKER AUBREY Preacher ZJhe Spoken \AJofd vROM TEMPLE SQUARE I Methodist Converted

Both Beautifully Bound—Popular Pocket Size PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Sent to you for ONE DOLLAR Postpaid anywhere on Earth Each SYSTEM, MARCH 17, 1957 I

Apply Copyright 1957 I ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER

616 West Carrillo St.

Santa Barbara, California 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Twig of the Cedar

(Continued from page 338)descended from two youths born from Earn More—With Safety

two majestic trees."The neighbor-

"lords too includeding Zapotecs of Christopher Columbia Says... lineage produced [who]ancient were SAVE

of greatestby the trees size and [Make Your Saviiigs1 as Paul Henning,shade."And MAIL!

the first of professionalamong archaeologists, pointed out many MorPay YOU..-mon

years ago, the names of Indian tribes

Make your money earn the most..

of Mesoamerica such as Zapotec, big 4%. Experienced lending... low

Cakchiquel Quiche,Chichimec, and gifts let us no... and 13 overhead

all refer to trees in some way. with Invest share the earnings you.

The traditions cited demonstrate with complete safety in this statevividly the persistent nature of the government supervised company.

symbolism Ezekiel used. Mulek was All money received until the 15th With Safety

"planted"in the new rich land of of1st. theOpenmonth,an accountearns fromnow the

mountains, and flourished there. either in person or by mail.

(Compare Omni 17; Mosiah 25:2.)

The twig did.truly "bring forth SUPERVISEDSTATE

boughs, and bear fruit,"and was "a Elbert R.

goodly cedar."(Ezek. 17:23.)"Curtis

Another time and place may be IN SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. PresidentRobert V.

better to discuss the oracle stone SUGAR 1056 EAST 21ST SOUTH ST. Hodgen

which the ancient immigrants SahaHOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH ViceExec.Pres.

gun spoke of brought with them. (It OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

sounds remarkably like the Urim Elbert R. Curtis T. J. Christiansen touis H. Callister

and Thummim.) But even without J.Dr.FredJ. LePingreeRoy Kimball DeeLeo L.F. CapsonAnderson SidGeorgeN. CornwallA. Dixon

further details, the number of parallels between the scriptural account and the records of ancient America from secular sources is impressive.

Let us summarize them.

Ezekiel prophesied of a young child of King Zedekiah who was to be "cropped"from the tree of Israel's royalty by the Lord in order to be planted in the "mountain of Israel,"there to flourish. The Book of Mormon tells us of Mulek ("nipped off"),

son of Zedekiah, saved from death while still a child, then brought by the Lord across the ocean, first to the land northward, then southward and up to Zarahemla ("abundance") where the colonists lived long in a rich land.

From ancient Mesoamerica we hear of a seaborne party of immigrants from the Old World coming first to a northern land, then moving south to settle in an earthly paradise near a high mountain, which they were guided to by a prophecy. The name

of the place they settled meant "land of abundance."They dwelt there

long and multiplied. A number of

Indian groups long located immediately adjacent to this narrow isthmus of Mexico south had a belief that their ancestors were named after or sprang from trees. 1 1 j i

(Concluded on following page) 33 Richards Street Sales Office—Phone EM 4-2581 Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY 1957 341 Ward Chapel where we were permitted to use the recreational hall for "Thy Neighbour as Thyself'Aftera placea tocomfortableroll out ournightsleepingshelteredbags.

from the rain, we were most pleasantly surprised when the women of by R. G. Hansen, Ph.D. the ward prepared a big breakfast,

UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS giving the boys all they could eat and all the milk they could drink. Then

Themoreprinciplesclearly setofforthlife werethan whennever onandtheback.trek from Illinois to California theycertainshowedwe couldus findthe ourcity wayand upmadethe

Jesus was confronted with the On the return trip through Calicanyon road without further diffiquery, fornia, Nevada, and into Utah, they culty. The Latterday Saints live the

arrived in Salt Lake City during a oath of scouting—to help other peoMaster, which is the great commandment pouring rainstorm, after fourteen ple at all times."

in the law? hours of weary traveling in a bus For a time the discussion turned

Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the loaded with thirty tired and hungry from the details of the trip. The

all heart, thy thy and with with Lord God boys. In the words of the scoutscoutmaster had been impressed by all soul, mind. with thy all thy and

This is the first and great commandmaster: "We were to have camped President McKay who had addressed

ment. And the second is like unto it, Thou for the night in the mountains east the assembly at the jamboree. The

shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. (Matt. of the city. Several miles up the canconference chairman remarked, "The

is, a bulwark of22:3639, italics author's.) yon road our bus stopped—it did not Mormon Church

have sufficient power for the mounscouting."The field executive for the

In recognition of the merits of these tain roads. It was impossible to turn Arrowhead Council remembered his

profound recommendations the Boy the bus around; it was necessary to aunt who was living among the LatScout organization has embodied in back the bus down the road for about terday Saints in Challis, Idaho. "Fine

its basic code the Scout oath—a mile while the boys directed traffic people,"she had commented. The

pledge, "to help other people at all in the rain. A city park was sugproduction manager for a large midtimes."This basic principle of Chrisgested as a possible camping place western business concern recalled two

tianity has become fundamental to where we could spend the night. The boys in Champaign, Illinois, who were

scouting. custodian there must have been tired missionaries for the Church. "BovsJ

During the dinner hour at leaderof seeing Boy Scouts or others wishing about six feet tall, conservatively ship training courses offered scoutto use the facilities for camping, for dressed, and as cleancut in appearmasters of the Arrowhead Council of we were not made to feel welcome. ance as anyone I have seen."They

central Illinois, the discussion turned "Just then two Latterday Saints had talked to him personally.

to the National Boy Scout Jamboree drove up and had with them a large My emotions were difficult to conheld at Santa Ana, California, in July box of cookies intended for a group ceal. I rejoiced in the thought that

1953. A scoutmaster in charge of a using the rain shelter in the park. To my Eagle trail had been in the mountroop of boys from the Arrowhead our astonishment the cookies were tains of Utah. How can we better

Council had the attention of the given to us, and, more important, a teach the gospel of Jesus Christ than thirty men at the leading table while promise was made for a place to sleep. by our daily good turn "thy neighhe related the difficulties encountered Our boys were invited to the Bryan hour as thyself!"

7Sahagun, op. cit., Vol. I, 34; Hunter and

The Twig ol the Cedar Ferguson, op. cit., 124.

sTimes and Seasons, op. cit.

1952. 25-6; BookJaredites, the World op. cit. of preceding page) "Sahagun, (Concluded from

10 City. Salt Lake S. Thompson, J. E. Maya Hieroglyphic to see in craft, be able minds Some may not occur in does Mulekite 2The name Introduction. the Writing: Carnegie Inst. Wash.,

this elaborate series of parallels only Nephite record, but by analogy and tradition Publ. 589, 115, 1950. Washington.

the mysterious force of coincidence. it has come to be used in LDS literature to lxCf. Hunter and Ferguson, op. cit., 151-2.

refer to the people of Zarahemla and might adopt Saints not need LatterdayBut del historia la sobre Apuntes MP. Henning,

retained. as well be surer a explanations. chalchihuitl Alzate, Soc. have America, ensuch Mem. We

927; Vol. 915, Seasons, 3, sTimes and pp. 2946, Vol. 1911. Mexico. 31, that everwitness Joseph than now

1842. Nauvoo.

cit., 42f. op. 13Henning, of translated the BookSmith Mormon de Historicas de Fernando 4Obras Don

is of possible relation the "Interesting the for of the and power God;by I, ed., 19, Ixtlilxochitl, Vol. Chavero the Alva

to Palestinian a Molech, god pagan name witness that ofbenefit those without Ferguson, Ancient 1952; and Hunter M.

(cf. to sacrificed Jer. children were whom 123ff., America the Book Mormon, and of external their hearts, testimonyin the in Zedekiah's at day, 7:31) and Jerusalem

1950. Kolob, Oakland. scripture ofin the support Nephite to rains. the spring apparent malqosh, The

'Bernardino Historia General Sahagun, de sacrifice, ritual, infant rain linkages of andgrows continually.

las I, 2, 13; Vol. Espana, Cosas de Nueva in suggests that the II, rulership Mesoamerica

NOTES 299300,"E.g. Torquemada,1946. Edit. NuevaMonarquiaEspana, Indiana,Mexico. Jewishthings toprince'shis descendantsname may thanhave tomeantus! more

TL Nibley, Lehi in the Desert and the Vol. I, 254ff, 1938. Mexico.

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not since TCP* such an important gasoline advance!

I i Hir\BBiMhHi

! The firstNow at your Conoco Dealer's

gasoline in history with TGP/)/t/s to 6oosfpower as it cttfs u/e$r as it /hcredses mi/edge. +/

t CP /?/</$ Conoco "405"-the discovery

that adds oilplating action to the proved power benefits of TCP! "Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Co

1957, Continental Oil Co.

MAY 1957 343 The Westergaard Genealogy

(Concluded from page 319)??

of the many outstanding tenets of the \wce56 Lailed Larammivia Church: salvation for the dead, eterJhe I nal marriage, sealing the and ordinances, which in beauty and wisdom Richard L. Evans I

surpass all finite, ordinary under- I standing. CI omewhat short of a century ago Thomas Carlyle delivered I I Prior to becoming entitled to his inaugural to address the students of Edinburgh Univerthese 7 U

Cm blessings, temple a family record, sity, out of his heart experience, and and without talk a formal genealogy (i.e., personal identificabefore him. And from this occasion there came a free

tion), must in some measure be seflowing of informal utterance, moving in its practical sound- I cured. "What is man, that thou ness and sense. "There is,"he said, "a process called Cm

[God] art mindful of him?"(Psalm cramming... that is, gettingup such points of things as I

8:4.) the examiner is likely to put questions about. Avoid all l

I have studied the pedigrees of that, as entirely unworthy of an honorable mind. Be modest, Cm

cattle; how much more important is and humble, and assiduous in your attention to what your Cm

the genealogy of man! I have always teachers tell you,... and... follow and adopt them in profelt that in our genealogical discourses Cm portion to their fitness for you."1 As to the "process called

our pedigree charts should be called it cramming:"see in schools; it life. see in We we 2 see We genealogy charts. people, as see students, we neglecting and postponing what I I With profound interest read the should be done each over the surface life of Cm day—skimming Cm Doctrine and Covenants, sections 76 lightly, seemingly that assuming indefinite the will Cm 132. and While on mission to my bring better to opportunity study, to to work, futureprepare—from Denmark 19021905, being well better to time learn to dig deeper. and for But the moment

versed in the script, I fer- i old Danish let us avoid wrinkling let our brows; us avoid effort the of

Cm reted out genealogy, my own covering earnest study; let us postpone facing facts; for the moment

a period of three hundred years. I let us avoid the effort of thinking things through. But of I

have not as large a printed volume course there comes a time for examination, a time for finding Cm of genealogy as some Latterday out or whether really not we or not we really know—whether Saints have, but I have given much inside have us the label what says we should. if the f And

thought, time, and work to that entesting time comes without earnest preparation, then someCm deavor, the essence of my faith. i times, by the "process called cramming,"we try to absorb rtK>

quickly some lessons which should long have been learned. /*w

I jl/fy genealogy have prefaced with superficially sometimes And to get seem the we may by hour *w 1TJ - the of is it most profound examination. concern, a But it is of with shallow learning; way a S love sacrifice, ". and living. of hazardous. with and. best again way Carlyle: quoting Now, my 2 5 effort I assemble there the I precious advice is one give informasaid. fact, it is you,"must he "In I tion concerning the all of kindred. advices, summary my it doubtless and have May you heard I I its safety ever a I the be times; thousand preliminary but let must it nevertheless and hear you

ultimate thoughts of the custodian. the thousandand-first time, for it is most intensely true,

<w I am now 98 years old. In the words Cm whether you will believe it at present or not:—namely, That

of Mormon, I finish my records, and above all things the interest of your whole life depends upon *K>

I know that these records are true; I I your being diligent, now while it is called today.... If you

made them with my own hands. Cm will believe me, you who are young, yours is the golden seaIt is good to know that in the 1 son of life... if you do not sow, or if you sow tares instead I

morning of the resurrection I will be Cm of wheat, you cannot expect to reap well afterwards, and able to shake hands with my earthly Cm you will arrive at little. And in the course of years when S

father, will say, and to he look back, come will "My son,... you bitterly repent my Cm you when it 5 1 I will cry, late."son,"and is too "Father!"Carlyle said What concerning How young men in

beautifully has the Prophet Joseph i universities could be applied widely to life. It is essential to

envisioned for us the mutual joy that be diligent. It is essential to study, to prepare, to work, to

will come when we meet our loved I develop, to give service, and to be honorable among men. It

ones is essential and that know to be diligent through our in doing what should be done "now, earthly efforts Cm while it is called have we today."made it possible for them to enjoy the blessings Cm s

Iof eternity. This beautiful i picture,<c7/

Ican Jke. S)ipokiSpokenC be reversed have neglected if we I WoJ"Word from temple square

our duty, and instead of joy we will I PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING *o be met with remorse and unhappiness. SYSTEM, MARCH 24, 1957 Copyright 1957

As Latterday Saints should we 1 1 constantly keep before the us re- I xThomas Carlyle, Inaugural Address, 1866.

sponsibility that is ours to our kindred dead. 344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Guess what the girl with the peachesand-cream complexion

finds good, and good for her!

5l j

Nabisco GRAHAMS SUGAR Honey Grahams 2 LBS.

Available in oneand twopound packages THE... because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! Who wouldn't have a flawless skin

when Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams are there for nibGRAHAMS bling?to snapAllintothebitesizeingredientspiecesare (lesspure crumbs).and countryWrappedgood. Scoredin six

InEr-Seal wax packets to stay crisp longer. Get a box today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY MAY 1957 345 the Lord to open the doors of salvaPeter, James, and John tion to the gentiles. 7

apostles played three have These page 313) (Concluded from to refers Paul Apostle Twelve. The role as the in a important almost greater has work; a undertaken Yea, he pillars, in three perhaps as the them

this of dispenin the growth Church I fire as willtherefore flaming 5 him make their reference position. to They

shall minister angel; a ministeringand he as sation did thousand they two

for those who shall be heirs of salvation were the Presidency of the Twelve. years ago. When John the Baptist

to favored be earth. the seemed dwell among They onwho Priesthood, Aaronic he conferred the

I to minister for will thee make And Apostles the ministry the during ditheir acting of stated under he was for brother thy unto and and James;him Christ. they only were It was who

I at rection, time a later that this three the will give andyou and power keys of this ministry until I come. permitted to watch Jesus as he raised Joseph and Oliver would receive the

Verily I say unto you, ye shall both have the daughter of Jairus from the dead. Melchizedek Priesthood. "This promdesires, for toaccording ye both joy in your the they accompanied It was who fulfilled ise shortly afterwards 2 wasthat desired. ye have which of into the depth of the garden Lord

Peter, James, and John apwhen his suffering, during and Gethsemane the wilderness between peared in of as last account known The John prior to that time it was they who Coles - Pennsylvania, tells and his of at large on Harmony, banthe worldby ishment to Patmos, a place of exile for the Mount of Transfiguration received ville, New York, on the banks of the the priesthood that River, declaring in from the Savior, Moses, Susquehanna criminalsthe lower class 94 A. D.

Elias. c and keys of the kingdom they held the to tradition, there servedAccording he

at hard labor for eighteen months. As before mentioned, chief among and of the Dispensation of the FulTradition also states that on one occaall the apostles was Peter. The Lord's ness of Times (D & C 128:20) and

sion he came from a cauldron of boilpromise to Peter, that he would give ordaining and confirming the Prophet ing oil. 3 him "the keys of the kingdom of and Oliver to 'be apostles and especial

In 1831 it was revealed to the heaven"was the promise of the conwitnesses of my name.'(D & C

Prophet Joseph Smith that John was ferral of Presidency. Peter's presiding 27:12.) When this ordination took

is not known, but the date hasworking among the ten tribes of position among the apostles was maniplace

Israel to prepare them for their return fested by the important role he took. been fixed, from the historical mateand for the gathering from their long Peter presided at the council when rial available, at some time between

4 to apostles choose the eleven the fifteenth met and the latter of Maydispersion.

8 of place another take the Judas. part one to of June, 1829."apostles, Peter, James These three

Peter was the spokesman to the Jews It was under the hands of Peter, held a unique undoubtedlyand John, of the on the day of Pentecost. Peter reJames, and John, that the high priestposition among the Quorum

ceived the important revelation from hood was again conferred upon man.

& C 2D 3IIyrum M.7. Smith and Janne M. Sjodahl, Doctrine "Galatians 2:9. Talmage, op. cit., p. 362363.

and Covenants Commentary, p. 41. (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, compiled KHyrum Smith and Janne M. Sjodahl, op. cit., pp.

Hbid., p. 250. by Joseph Fielding Smith, p. 158. 6869.

love in search of a word. It takes up

let the Valleys Sing the thread that language drops. To

make a home out of a household, (Continued from page 323) uplift of the communities in which given the raw materials; a wife, chil-

"For my soul delighteth in the song they abide than are the Latterday dren, a friend or two, and a house of the heart; yea, the song of the Saints."(Gospel Standards, p. 168.) two other things are necessary. These

righteous is a prayer unto me, and "Music,"writes Sydney Lanier, "is are a good fire and good music. And

it shall be answered with a blessing inasmuch as we can do without a upon their heads."(D & C 25: 1012.) fire for half of the year, I may say

Emma set out to fulfil her sacred music is the more essential. Music

commission, selecting hymns which ADOLESCENCE means harmony, harmony means love, expounded the truths of the newly By Solveig Paulson Russell and love means God."

revealed gospel and seeking new ones Let the valleys sing! Let the hills

is eager thing A fledgling awkward, an time. writers of her talentedfrom rejoice! will share always Nature

its all strength awake, untried With first published; the volumes wereTwo will her cease never moods astir; and man

in 1835 with ninety selections, the With tender budding voice atuned to sing, to imitate these moods in the creafelt course purpose but action'ssecond in 1841 with 340 songs. With ablur. tion of symphony and song. Voices to play instrument is an A fledgling

The Latterday Saints are a singThe morning songs of glowing light upon, will forever continue in praise and fashion sparkling best there the and ray thanksgiving for the blessings of creaing people and their songs are speedTo of joyful zest the happy, dawn. Of all

ily reaching the four corners of the A fledgling is a precious uncut gem tion. Mighty changes are taking

earth to fulfil a mission of love and With wealth and worth and facets all unplace in today's world. Sound travels

peace and understanding. President It is told;a likely star for diadem on wings of lightning to fulfil its misGrant said, "I believe, taken as a Or jewel to ornament the dullest gold. sion of good or ill. Where these

whole, there are no people to be found changes may lead is a question conall mankind. Of this we in all the world who are taking more Oh, toThoufly, who notes each small bird learn fronting

interest in music and the musical Help me to keep my fledgling soaring high! may be sure: music will play an im346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

portant part in the spiritual renewal the world is to realize.

Let every home open its doors to good music. Let every child betaught early in life to observe the SAVE

sounds around him; the music of a

waterfall, the song of the wind, the combined symphony of all livingthings. As he is taught to realize the with the FINEST

divine source from which all beauty flows, he will turn often to that source and there will be little room in hisgrowing mind for the vices of the NEW ALLWEATHER world. To train the senses to love

beauty, is to open the heart's door to Motor Oilspirituality God. and

SAVE

Gasoline To Be a king—up to 2 extra gallons

from a (Continued from page 312) tankful of gasoline

What was this other peril which SUPER feared, could he andLebanah how SAVE disinfinitely morecombat it? It was

turbing than actual knowledge of a Motor Oil plot to stab or poison him. In one—up to 88% more

case he could take action, but in the miles per quart other he must wait for time to unfold the mystery, and to this impetuous youth time moved with such exasperSAVEating leisure.

Of one thing he felt certain. The Your Motor

throne was within his grasp. Noth-—eliminate valve

ing short of immediate death could lifter rusting prevent his winning it, and, being warned, he would take extra precautions against assaults. He would defy Available

their plots, accomplish the will of in 44 Statesheaven by ascending the throne, and would bring at least a measure of liberty to the land of promise. After Give four car the core it deserves of Ufoco dealers

that, one might look forward to eternal life even if one should be killed. where you expect more and you get it!

From this point David's thoughts projected themselves into the future.

What is eternal life? Would he know

his father and mother in the great YOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE beyond? What would be his relaprefer it....Butwhenit needn't.you're leastFor, expectingby knowtionship to Ruth? One thing was 1 QUIET and ing the expiration date—and by

least at two months renewing life w most something wasclear—eternal W0R COMFORT arrives that you before date—

to it in the obtaindesirable, and for restful missing even against can insure measure wished for by him, one must meditation a single issue of The Improvebe more nearly perfect than he was. International church seating with ment Era.

individual chairs provides thouTo renew just mail your payHe himself would seek the new sands of churchgoers with the ment of $2.50 along with a copy

Teacher who had so impressed peaceful comfort they prefer. of your address label to

Ask for full information today.Lebanah and learn from his lips what THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

one must do to win eternal life. ntematlonal seat division of 50 No. Main St.

UNION CITY BODY CO., INC. Salt Lake City, Utah

(To be continued), Union City, Indiana

MAY 1957 347 Thought for the Morrow

(Continued from page 321) "Right,"said David, and within course I've got a lot of school left, and moments he was humming with the some of us aren't as good at coiningnever did go over and make a fuss fellows—over the babies when they brought shower running full blast. money as you

didn't at stared him. David Ann

off. to in didn't show them Youthem the door Anderson opened and Joel her. at the look even he assume Did

talk a abouteven baby—let in. friendly them and was He of responsibility to a waiting have

at looked her hands. Laura down intelligentlooking, tell could but Ann all his friends? to needn't family He

it to painful, yearn too Ann,"No, was that tired looked he from and drawn to bother. something say She went

I that babiesover weren't to trying to school a support go and mine—lip. bit sharply, her then and What understood."thought you Laura three besides. children wife and The say? loved she could David That

this at anxiously.looked "Ann, Ann attractive, apartment was had Ann children, she loved and and money

I too; you, mean, be hardmust on it herself, to to surely admit and was security more?

I child. a am, havingyour not Here clean. neat children and were The butwife bread, Joel's French put

gloating over my own in their happiness and already pajamas. Joel tered flavored with garlic, on the and

thinking of you."not even carrying the last toy laughed, "We're table. "That's Joel. Joel enough, "We'd better get your desk finback to its box before the last one in always feels it's important to let everydryly, saidished,""so you is Ann a frog in can bed the mud."The chilbody know how poor but happy we with He's husband. shopping yourgo dren squealed clinging around him, are

there waiting—over legs. now to his

are,"rich Joel You mean we how radiant the couple wished Everyone Bill other couple, Williams The the laughed. big steamput two He

tohappiness promise them and made his too. here, wife and Beth, was table. ing the bowls the on mats on

their inbring as soon new daughter Their baby with a was baby home care things take "Listen to her. No, paradjustedas she was if sitter. to her new kept Beth wondering she of themselves. always Something

ents. "We have to wait until she's should phone home to make sure turns up."

said, us,"secure with waving Laura all right. everything was "My word,"salad. the tossed Beth passed Ann

to everyone.goodbye Bill, left said Joel's "you phone numdelicious. dressing She'd was The

left, they the After sudseemed day in her ber with case she needed anyto recipe the Joel's get have from denly flat to Ann. Sally wanted to thing.""I'll write it out for you,"Joel'swife.

excepttalk about nothing wondidn't how suppose the "But go baby call. said. Call to wife can "Unless you

this forderful Laura. could was sleep?"Ann asked. Beth smiled apoloShe

I in time. the afternoon during nap

it until at standhardly time getically it was leave don't at Ann. "We to take children or the the sandbox

last to go home. Usually she was her very often."

the park every morning."

telleager to the tell David the news about I can herthought to that, Ann after the Scrabble played They girls, tonight. but not too self. She was But ourwe'd be concerned dishes done, although were the An-

I up.mixed selves, herself know, Ann made tried to let dersons to persuade them

thirty dollars Friday she added admit. On

go. dishes a the evening was The

their the account,to including savings all Bill, right,""Everything's said lot of herself. fun, to decided Annfourteen dresser the drawer. from She that but noticed she while and Ann

it to see to end. hated She an come

shopped quickly during her lunch Beth were setting the table in the "I'm homesick,"Bill said, "Got to gethour and got herself a new alligator kitchen, he slipped into the living to of family one."our home

shoes. herbag to match It was in home. exroom and called He came scolds for laughed, Beth "He me

pensive, quality things later. of any but all the kitchen a few minutes

so, our think admiring baby but Iwere. After work she stopped in at "See,"he said triumphantly, "she's he's worse—

Amy's Beauty Salon and had her asleep already. Nothing to worry "We're all like that,"Joel said,

hair trimmed. about, Beth. You know, she's the "except at the two o'clock feeding—She was through showering by the cutest—

"We'll have to get together again time David got home. He was carry- "That's enough,"Beth said smilsoon,"David said at the doorway,

in his ing.ing packages again, left arm "Let's not bore Ann and David "Surely,"Ann said. "Next Friday

briefhis over to case bulging with books. death."

everything wore inout on "You're one side not boring me,"DavidHe or Saturday night at our place? Anybabies wants to bring may. one who

forgot to shift to sisted. allbecause packages he "Talk her about you like.

big chair in a wonderful We've our the right. "Hi, Beautiful,"he smiled I think she's a darling."David was bedroom, besides our bed—

at her. "Where'd all the steam come carrying the next to the youngest

from?"Anderson baby off to bed on his Joel's wife said, "We'd love to

She opened the window slowly. shoulder. Children always loved come, but we don't have to bring the

"What's new?"David called. NothDavid, Ann thought. children. The couple across the hall

ing she felt like telling him. He put Joel came in with his hair all takes turns with us at baby sitting.

his books on his desk and came over touseled from the good night kisses. Saves us money, and we can get out

and kissed her. "My, you have lots He left the bedroom door open for once in awhile."

to talk about tonight."the children. "Don't let David kid "Sounds great,"Bill said. "But

She moved away. "We've got to you,"Joel said. "He's not eager for maybe we'll bring our little gal in

of responsibility to the a family."hurry, David. won't want They herroom—car bed and put her in your bedif it for us, dinner I wouldn'twait even mind,"is going "Oh, David said

to be a very simple affair."easily, not looking at Ann. "Of They all said goodnight, and Ann

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and David got in their car. "That

was very sweet of you, Ann, to arrange about next Saturday night."

David said.

Ann smiled at him. "I asked them

because I must admit we had a wonderful time tonight. It reminded me

of being home. They seem so genuine; they seem to have so much fun."

David glanced at her, "They enjoy alife now; they're not postponing livIt's

ing."NEIGHBOR

Ann felt the old fear for a moment GOOD in her chest. She deliberately made policy

it subside. Postponing life, David

called it. "Am I doing that, David?"

she asked quietly. David said nothing, and the night closed in around COMMUNITY

tothem. They were returning service to help put over an CAUSE Friendly apartment.empty knew Now she or supper a church community

why she was always eager for other drive helps your community grow.

couples to be there every week end. We've been learning that fact

For a moment she glimpsed what she and David had been missing. She about friendly service since 1898.

moved across the seat until her That service, plus fair dealing and shoulder touched his. "David,"she prompt claims settlement have

ofsaid, "I don't want to rob us of the MUTUAL OF spread the fame of Mutual neighbor to neighriches that you talk about. Will you ENUMCLAW Enumclaw from

help me, David, to learn to live now INSURANCE bor, from town to town, from state and have faith in the future?"to state.

David stopped at a red light. He THERE'S A MUTUAL OF ENUMCLAW AGENT NEAR YOU... ASK HIM ABOUT

glanced at her profile for a moment. FIRE, AUTO and COMPREHENSIVE INSURANCE. Home Office: Enumclaw, Washington

"Ann, you have to find that confidence for yourself. I believe in you,

Ann. You have to learn to believein me and the future—

David started the car again. Ann

.leaned her head against his shoulder. specially for your

"I will,"she said softly, and it wasas if her spirit took wing. Then she H

said half to herself but with conviction and determination, "I do, David."

Stay Close to the Church

(Concluded from page 309)

what is wrong and with the help of your Father in Heaven you will be equal to every problem that confronts you. A pretty safe rule to

follow in making selections in your new life is to determine whether it W>e* conforms to what you have been eo<A* intaught in your and your home menus pedal souven.r childChurch. Conformity with your

hood teachings will bring you hapMC spec/d attention piness without regret; anything contrary to these teachings will bringyou unhappiness with much regret. COFFEEConformity will make you freenon- SHOP

conformity will enslave you. Stay

close to the Church. Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Managei

MAY 1957 349 The Balance of Government

(Continued from page 306) venting erosion and controlling floods of government control in order to

The federal government has put on upper watersheds provide for produce in a rational manner—that

more than 550 million dollars into greater financial participation locally? all this required extensive power to

this program since June 1953. The President Eisenhower has said that it be centralized in the federal governcontribution of the states has not been should. ment.

fully reported, but it is only a fracPresident Eisenhower thus summed If I sense the present mood of the tion of one percent of the total outup his attitude toward intergoverncountry, this attitude has been much lay. mental relations in his address to the changed, if it was ever widely acWhat are the dangers in this kind Governor's Conference in Seattle, cepted.

of intergovernmental "cooperation"? Washington, on August 4, 1953: We now see the driving force of

There are many, and they are grave. "I am here for a very simple purcompetitive private enterprise proSince benefits accrue to the states pose, because of my indestructible ducing a steady, widely diffused prosand costs accrue to the federal govconviction that unless we preserve in perity. We see state and federal government, numerous requests for asthis country the place of state governernments, using the techniques and

sistance tend to encumber the hanment, its traditional place—with the experience gained over many years,

dling of those cases in which the need power, the authority, and the revenue preventing harmful excesses and acis real. One might think'that the necessary to discharge these responsitions against the public interest. Wefederal government would reap much bilities—then we are not going to see them make provision for the hazgood will from contributing so large have an America as we have known ards and insecurities that are a by-

a share of the funds. This has it. We will have some other form of product of free enterprise.

not been our experience. The most government."In all this, the key words are "balharassed men on my staff, I believe, The drift toward centralization of ance"and "partnership."

are those who are conscientiously trypower is not inevitable. It can be I think that this hopeful developing to administer the drought proslowed down, halted, reversed. ment can best be carried forward

gram. The thought that the federal govwithin the pattern of federal, state,

Inevitably, the money is not as ernment is wealthy and the states and local responsibility conceived by wisely spent as if the states participoverty-stricken is a dangerous illuthose who drafted our Constitution.

pated financially. sion. The federal debt is now eight To bring this about is at once the

The people come to look to the times as great as the combined debt challenge and the opportunity of this federal government as the provider, of the fortyeight states. On June generation.

at no cost to them, of whatever is 30, 1954, state governments had inAnd now, in closing, I wish to leave needful vested nine billion dollars of their a challenge with you.

The truth is that the federal govlong-range funds in federal securities. There is a tremendous opportunity

ernment has no funds which it does It is difficult for the states to make a for the LandGrant Colleges to do not first, in some manner, take from strong case for assistance from the sound educational work in the ecothe people. A dollar cannot make federal government when anything nomic field. I mean basic economic

the round trip to Washington and the federal government spends must education, outlook work, work in the are the come from states. There no field of farm in shrinking the procwithoutback policy—government of in the consequence policy. people these resources need to know ess. The

facts; programs which obscure them United States—no income of wealth Why is the Department of Agriare contrary to the public interest. which is not located within the culture besieged with requests for

We are reexamining our droughtborders of the states and subject to federal programs which would criprelief programs, with the states, to their taxing powers. ple our free institutions? Is it that

find a more equitable and satisfactory The states not only have rights, farmers want controls or that they basis for sharing costs and responsithey have responsibilities and they wish to be dependent on the federal bilities. have opportunities. government? No! The difficulty is

In the last analysis, we are not trythat the operations of basic economic

I Tndoubtedly there are other inter ing to protect one government entity factors are often poorly understood.

another. We are trying to proThe consequences of unsound farm governmental agricultural profrom

grams that need examination. tect the rights of individual people. programs are not foreseen. The capaWe donate surplus food to needy If we ever forget this, the whole probilities of our free institutions are not

people upon certification of state aucess of government is pointless. appreciated.

thorities. Should the states not pay During the nineteenthirties, a Farm people need to know the

a part of this cost? political ideology arose, based on longrun as well as the shortrun

Should the states and private enterthese ideas: consequences of public policy in agriprises bear a larger share of the costs That private business was suspect culture.

of regulatory and diseasecontrol prothat the government's principal conTraditionally, the LandGrant Colgrams? cern with economic activity was to leges have been reluctant to enter the

Should allocation of federal reavert or alleviate depression—that area of public policy. They have not

search and extension funds to states labor was weak and needed the affelt a direct responsibility in this take greater account of need, and of firmative aid of government to offset sphere. They have realized the danthe states'fiscal capacity? the relative strength of employers gers of becoming involved in a

Should the new program for prethat agriculture needed the firm hand controversial area. Yet a number of

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA institutions seem to be doing outfarmers and the public generally to standing work in this field. gain a true understanding of the facts

But can any of us disown responsiinvolved in agricultural policies and bility? Does not the possession of programs. By so doing you render

useful knowledge in itself involve the invaluable service not only to our responsibility of sharing it with farm people, but you help preserve others? and strengthen sound government Si-**

Objective work can be done in this both state and federal. A GIFT TO BE

politically inarea without becoming in this real progress forward The volved. evaluate past can Research is deREMEMBERED not world made by those who

farm programs and appraise new promand what they consider to be their posals. Teaching can provide fundarights; it is made by those who

mental training in economic and in recognize opportunity, who meet refarm policy as an essential of good sponsibility, who rise to meet a chalcitizenship. Extension can present lenge. The LandGrant Colleges

factual information. The economic have always been among this number.

of acof various coursesconsequences choice above is a This land—choice

tion Outlook can be explained. like inall others. You, and many others

formation can help farmers make you, blessed by the Almighty, have needed adjustments, on their own, made and kept it so. It will continue

without programs of federal control. to be a land of freedom and liberty as

People in a vacuum. cannot think able to are advance long as we in Admiral public information, factualWithout of enduring and the light sound

discussion is but the pooling of igprinciples of right. To sacrifice such PERSONAL PORTABLE TV

norance. principles for momentary expediency A personal TV in choice of 1 5 gorThere is no greater need today in—often selfishly motivated—is to geous color combinations. Three

17"(diagriculture than a courageous, obendanger our noble heritage and is picture sizes, 10"—14"—

jective presentation of the economics unworthy of this great American peoagonal). Prices start at $89.95*.

of farm policy. The challenge is ple. (Model T101 Charcoal)

yours—the obligation also. May God bless your work and ours

I do not ask you to accept or to as we carry on in the high tradition favor the policies and programs that of a successful and productive part-

I believe in. I ask only that you acnership, for with his help we cannot

cept the responsibility of helping fail!

The Sermon on the Mount

(Concluded from page 318) made no mistake, for Matthew did rise and follow him, and became a was a publican, or a collector of taxes. faithful disciple, and later an apostle. Admiral

Tax collectors were hated by the

Jewish people and were classified by Sometime after their meeting, MatALL-TRANSISTOR them as sinners. Throughout the thew invited Jesus to his home to PORTABLE RADIO

records gospel a dinner. attend The "publicans"gospels, the word when Portable Plays Radio over sat Tubeless sinners publicans that and "many sinners"the "and wordsis mentioned flashlight hours 700 on ordinary

dishis also together Jesus with and did not like follow.often batteries! Jews The an- "Rotoscope"PopUp

to pay taxes to Rome. Doing so was ciples:..."tenna for best reception. Choice of

a frightful reminder that they were When the Pharisees saw Jesus at 4 twotone colors. Model 7L

not free. The thought that they, the the feast, they said to the disciples $71.95*. Others as low as $31.95*.

children of Abraham, were under the of the Lord "How is it that he eateth *Manufacturer's suggested list.

yoke of foreigners was distasteful inand drinketh with publicans and sinPhone or write for name of nearest deed. ners?"On hearing the question, Admiral Dealer.

Jesus replied: "They that are whole

It must have been with a great have no need of the physician, but deal of distress, therefore, that these they that are sick: I came not to call WHOLESALE

to this publipeople say heard Jesus righteous, but sinners to repentthe ZCM| DISTRIBUTORScan, that "Follow me."Jesus knew ance."

in spite of his position, Matthew was 1665 Bennett Road a righteous man, a man who was full (Next month: JESUS CHOOSES Salt Lake City 10, Utah

of faith; a man who believed. Jesus TWELVE APOSTLES.)

MAY 1957 351 Melchizedek

eternity; "worlds without and end"is A Religion of Action standard of living throughout all time. a very long a tremendous What

return it would be on any investment

Wethehave"modernmarveledwondermany timesof theat tan,the Masterthe prodigalcouldson,notetc.haveCertainlyused a wenessmightif we couldmake increasein spiritualthe effectiveadvance-

world"which we call American more expressive term for our day than, ment of even one additional soul from business. It has raised the standard "my Father's business."the telestial to the celestial glory.

of living; it has lifted the burden of Most people quickly understand the Such an accomplishment could actualtoil from the backs of many men; it need for effectiveness in business rely be multiplied many times by

has helped to win wars and has prolationships. A responsible person utilizing those proven management

vided men and women with conwould not think of being "unbusinesstechniques and administrative skills veniences and luxuries never before like"in his business. We can readily that have accomplished such wonders

known in the world. We may now contrast the cost of business failure in the world of business.

live on a higher material standard with the advantages of business sucthan any king lived a hundred years cess. We spend years in education The principles of success are much

ago. and training to learn how business -*- the same in all accomplishment.

But if you would like to think of progress may be brought about. We As they are discovered, they are made

"big business"in its most stupendous understand the need of setting up available to everyone who is interterms, think of that great enterprise objectives, delegating authority, pinested. We borrow the skills developed

which Jesus called, "my Father's busipointing responsibility, and mainby teaching for our religious educaness."The largest corporation in the taining an expert supervision. We tion. We use the knowledge develworld has assets of fifteen billion recognize the importance of individoped in agriculture to run our welfare

dollars. Compare this in importance ual industry, capable leadership, and farms and feed ourselves. Why not

with even the most humble Church professional competence in those dotake full advantage of effective busiworker who helps to mold the soft ing the work. We, therefore, make ness procedures to save our souls?

clay of the lives of immortal souls. constant effort to upgrade efficiency A great literature has been built

An effective Church worker may raise in the many specialized fields of the up and made available to us on such "the standard of thinking"and the 2,100,000 individual American busiimportant subjects as: "How to Instandard of living the gospel that ness organizations. crease Your Executive Ability,""Efmany may enjoy forever the highest In spite of this care and study, howfective Methods of Organization and

possible standard of living, which is ever, approximately 378,000 of these Administration,""Increasing Personal life eternal in the celestial kingdom. companies, or onesixth of the total, Efficiency,""Proper Selection of PerMuch of the teaching of Jesus was fail every year. The loss of capital sonnel,""The Art of Human Motivaby parable. He took an idea that is tremendous; the frustration of the tion,""How to Create High Morale,"

everyone understood, and by comparihuman spirit is pathetic. But interetc.

son helped him to understand some estingly enough, the cause of failure Recently the Harvard graduate similar idea which may not have been is not primarily "in the products,"or school of business conducted a naclear otherwise. Many of the par- "the markets"or "the financing,"or tional conference attended by 1,300

ables of Jesus had to do with money even in "business conditions"; the businessmen from all over America

or property. Some examples are the cause of failure is in "the men who and abroad. The purpose was to

ten pieces of silver, the tribute money, run the businesses."The main cause teach business leaders to be more busithe lost coin, the talents, the pearl of "business failure"is "man failure."nesslike. The general theme of this

of great price, etc. Jesus probably This fact emphasizes the necessity for conference was, "Releasing the Full

used money as the basis for his comcare in the selection of personnel, Potential of the Management Team."

parisons because people, then as now, thorough onthe-job training, conSome of the most successful of our understood money better than almost tinual supervision, and effective connational business leaders discussed any other thing. Even a child undertrol. For where people learn to work such interesting sub -headings as:

stands a ten dollar bill. He knows effectively and harmoniously together,

what its uses and limitations are. much of this pathetic waste can be Organization

We are not always equally familiar eliminated.

with the value of spiritual things. But But how much more important it is Probably the first place to start toif the proper comparison is clear to to eliminate the waste in the work of ward any accomplishment is to have

our understanding, material values our eternal salvation. Failure in our an effective organization. For exammay help us to understand the spiritbusiness may lower our standard of ple, if you had ten million men and

ual values. This is the intent of the living here, but failure in our an assignment to conduct a war, one

parable of the sower, the good Samari- "Father's business"will lower the of the first things you would want to 352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA know that he was missed, to give assignments, to check performance, etc.

Without good communication, effective teamwork is impossible.

Delegation of ResponsibilityPriesthood At one time Moses was working from dawn till dark listening to the do would be "to get organized."You job satisfaction and personal enjoyproblems of the people who were waitwould appoint appropriate officers on ment coming from the people who ing around wanting to be heard.

every level. They would be given are required to work together. Ernie Jethro came along and said, "The

pinpointed responsibility and a clearPyle, the late war correspondent, said thing that thou doest is not good."

cut delegation of authority, spelled that "ninetenths of morale is made Then he suggested that Moses select out to the last detail. But no matter up of pride in your outfit and confiable men and make them judges over

how perfect the form of organization dence in your leaders."A favorable thousands, hundreds, fifties, and tens.

may be, it still falls short of its pur- "atmosphere"is one of the most imThis immediately solved one of the pose if the offices are left vacant. portant responsibilities of leadership. most pressing problems of the children

What would happen to any army if of Israel and brought peace and satisits leaders were not replaced quickly? Effective Communication faction.

A few hours delay might easily mean There is a great art in properly disaster. The organizations of the It is one of the indispensable prindelegating authority. Successful deleChurch must also be kept fully and ciples of success that everyone should gation cannot give authority with one

constantly staffed by capable officers. know exactly what is expected of him hand and take it away with the other.

and what the limits of his authority Theodore Roosevelt once said, "The

Training and Supervision and duties are. In effective organizabest executive is the one who has

tions, there is always a set of job sense enough to pick good men to

It is the responsibility of leadership descriptions and a constant flow of do what should be done and selfto make sure that those manning the ideas, indicating goals, plans, methrestraint enough to keep from medorganizations are adequately trained ods, etc. Much information is availdling with them while they do it."

and sufficiently supervised. The able on tested methods of communicaBut delegation is not abdication. The

"functioning"must be continuous and tion. It is maintained by some that leader delegates without losing.

on a high level. Most of us live far as much as sixty percent of an execuwithin the limits of our possibilities. tive's time should be devoted to comControl

We each possess great powers which munication in one form or another.

we habitually fail to use. It is the Some suggestions are as follows: Just as delegation is not abdication,

function of leadership to know how to 1. The "example of the leader"is neither does acceptance mean usurparelease the full potential in those unprobably the most effective single tion. No individual member can be

der its direction. The accomplishmeans of communication. permitted to go his own way withments of the team, with adequate out regard to the welfare of the organtraining and supervision, may be 2. The leader must be in conization. All members of the team

made greater than the combined acstant personal touch with his organmust work within the confines of complishments of the individual memization. Ivory tower executives are accepted policy and in the general

bers. generally discredited in our day. The interest. Weakness or malfeasance in

effective chairman must get out of his office should not go undiscovered or

Creating a Favorable Atmosphere for chair. uncorrected. Not only should the

Success 3. A good handbook, describing the leader know that the assignment has

program, job specifications, objectives, been fully accepted and is being

The atmosphere out of which we methods, etc., is also indispensable. vigorously performed, but he should

expect success to come cannot be taken 4. There may be seminars, trainalso know the "degree"of success of

for granted. People with different ing courses, luncheons, council meeteach individual member as compared

backgrounds and various degrees of ings. with the maximum contribution of

aggressiveness, industry, and ability 5. The personal interview is a which he is capable. The welfare of

are asked to work together. It is cerpowerful aid to good communication. the organization must be guaranteed

tain that there will be differences of 6. Communication can also come in every department by the leaderopinion, methods, etc. Friction must from manuals, bulletins, letters, pamship.

be eliminated, and harmony and cophlets, graphs, performance charts, operation must always actuate indireports, etc. rPiiE most important business in the

vidual efforts. A farmer's success is * world is "my Father's business,"

often determined by the kind of seed 7. Group counseling and discussion and we who are engaged therein

on a formal or informal faceto-face should be the most "businesslike."bed in which his crops are planted.

helpful. can be most truth that great can be "no SociaJs The man an basis hope for reasonably one could No to meaningful aid can be an excellent significant a saved has in ignorance"his harvest abundant who planted

seeds on the sidewalk. Wherever a communication. application to the use we make of the

maximum of accomplishment is ex- 8. The telephone can be a great proven principles by which success

pected, there must be a maximum of aid to communication to let someone can be most readily brought about.

MAY 1957 353 m Presiding

An Outstanding Record Study Guide for Ward Teachers May 1957

THE PRIVILEGE OF PAYING TITHING

UInuringChurchtheare monthexpectedof toMaygive everyseriousorganizationconsiderationandto everythe subjectmemberof tithing.of the

This annual campaign is intended to direct the attention of Latterday

Saints to a definite obligation and a blessed privilege—the privilege of assisting in the building of Zion, in the development of the Church, in erecting

temples and other Church buildings, and in carrying the gospel message to the ends of the earth.

While Latterday Saints are under obligation to contribute to the sustenance of the Church, the obligation coming as a direct commandment through revelation, it is nevertheless a glorious privilege. As a privilege, LaMoyne Jensen

it is near to the hearts of those who fully understand the gospel and are living according to its teachings. Perfect attendance at priesthood and Sacrament meetings for a period of five years

is record the achieved by Jensen LaMoyne countless In its blessings—notpersonal applicationthat theit promisedis a privilege,blessingsin thatcanit beopenspurchasedthe waywithto of Fourteenth Ogden South Ward, Ogden

money, but that the blessings can be secured by everyone through obedience (Utah) Stake. LaMoyne says he gained

to the law, through paying an honest tithing in the true spirit of tithing, the ambition to make this record through through acceptance of the principle as given in the revelations. a good Primary teacher.

When tithing is paid, all who are in any way involved in the transaction are blessed—the individual, through not only the blessings which come from

above but, also, through the operation of a natural law. He who keeps

careful account of his increase, who makes provisions for and pays onetenth Special Project of his income, becomes a better manager of his finances and is better able to direct the expenditure of the ninetenths left for himself.

The family whose husband and father is a faithful tithepayer benefits by sharing in the blessings which are promised and through being taught thrift, economy, and honesty.

The Church benefits by having means provided for carrying on its work, for expanding its organization, for extending the blessings of the gospel to countless thousands.

Tithing is God's law of revenue for the Church. As a law it applies

to every member of the Church alike. The blessings, likewise, are promised

to all who obey.

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR JUNE 1957

Living for our Blessings To every person born into the world the right of free agency is given. Each

of us right the has to lives. If order our to choose live righteously, we merit we Sister Brother and C. LaMar Bowers If blessings. promised to live sinfully, choose forfeit we rights our to these we of the Clark Grantsville Ward, (Utah) blessings. since Never the organization of the there has Church greater been Stake, to their goodbye wave chiltwo for strict need of of observance the laws Latterday Saints. by God dren, David Sandra, and leave as they

to attend the Grantsville Stake school for senior members. Their regular

baby tender, Ann Williams, along with

Men of God This type of excellence should other women of the stake, contributes her time on of the night the school as characterize lives the of those who the contribution to senior the MIA Should Do Teaching to are assigned teaching. do ward Aaronic Priesthood reprogram. She

The virtues of those who teach us If teachers apply in their lives the ceives credit for an assignment filled were well defined by Alma. He principles they advocate for others, toward an individual award.

counseled as follows: they open another door to opportunity.

And also trust no one to be your teacher nor your minister, except he be a man of Success in teaching is made easier The sermons we see in men's lives

God, walking in his ways and keeping his for those who teach, if they are reare frequently more impressive than commandments. (B. of M., Mosiah 23:14.) spected by those whom they instruct. some of the discourses we hear.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

John the Baptist's Visit Heralded New Era

/\ne of the most important events *- to take place in this dispensation occurred May 15, 1829. In answer

to the prayer of Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery, John the Baptist appeared on the banks of the Susquehanna River and ordained them to the Aaronic Priesthood. Joseph and

Oliver had gone to the woods to inquire of the Lord concerning baptism and the remission of sins, which doctrine they had learned of while translating the Book of Mormon.

This was Oliver's first vision. He

described it as follows:

On a sudden, as from the midst of eternity, the voice of the Redeemer spake peace to us, while the veil was parted the angel of

God came down clothed with glory and delivered the anxiously looked for message, and the keys of the gospel of repentance....

His voice, though mild, pierced to the center, and his words "I am thy fellowservant,"It was on the banks of the Susquehanna River where John the Baptist visited dispelled every fear.... 'Twas a messenger Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and by ordination through the laying on of

from the Most High.... Who would not hands, conferred upon them the Aaronic Priesthood. The above view portrays the

have bowed the knee for such a blessing? river in the area where the angel made his visit.

I shall not attempt to paint to you the feelings of this heart, nor the majestic beauty and glory which surrounded us on chizedek, which Priesthood, he said, would baptism for the remission of sins; (2)

this occasion, but you will believe me when in due time be conferred on us, and that their ordination also included the

I of called should the first Elder be I say, earth, the the eloquence with nor men, of the restoring the of the Aaronic keys the sec- (Oliver Church, he and Cowdery) of to clothe time, in begin cannot language 2 instructed Priesthood; they... were (3) ond. as interesting as this sublime and a manner

holy personage. No; nor has this earth in the proper mode of administering

power to give the joy, to bestow the peace, The angel ordained Joseph and the ordinance of baptism; (4) he

or to comprehend the wisdom which was Oliver in the following manner: (John the Baptist) informed them

in contained as sentence each deit was that acting the direction under he was livered Spirit! the of the by power Holy servants, fellow in the name Upon you my of Peter, and James, John; (5) he that assurance in the were... The we I of of confer the Priesthood Messiah

presence of an angel; the certainty that we Aaron, which holds the keys of the ministertold them that Peter, James, and

heard the voice of Jesus, and the truth uning of angels, and of the gospel of repentJohn held the keys of the Melchizedek it sullied as personage, flowed a pure from of for baptism the ance, and immersion by that Priesthood promised them and dictated will the is to by of God, me, past sins; of this shall remission never be and this priesthood should be in due time description, I shall ever look and upon of earth, until this taken the again the sons from

them; he on named of (6) expression the Savior's goodness with Levi do offer again an offering unto the Lord conferred

1 3 thanksgiving. wonder and first of Elder the become Joseph to in righteousness.

the Church and Oliver the second

Joseph was less eloquent in recountThis was a glorious day. It was Elder; (7) his appearance gave

ing the experience, but he sensed more significant because it marked the refurther proof of the resurrection; and,

deeply perhaps than did Oliver, the turn of divine authority to earth after (8) his visit gave added evidence significance of this event. an absence of many centuries. Let that the Lord will continue to reveal

The messenger who visited us on this us review the blessings and clarificahis mind and will to his servants the occasion and conferred this Priesthood upon tions that came as a result of the visit prophets.

us, said that his name was John, the same of this heavenly messenger: (1) The As we commemorate the one hunthat is called John the Baptist in the New ordination of Joseph and Oliver gave dred twentyeighth anniversary of

Testament, and that he acted under the them the necessary authority to this stirring occasion, let us keep in of direction Peter, James, and John, who preach the gospel of repentance and mind the blessings that came to earth keys held the of the Priesthood of Melas a result of the epochmaking visit

Comprehensive History of the Church, Vol. I, aA BP of G

178179. 13. P Joseph Smith 2:72. of John the Baptist. pp. 3D & C

MAY 1957 355 Eileen Gibbons Editor

Signs of Spring by Norma Burnham

he first robin is not the only ground in the spring, they grow like but the length of time when asparagus harbinger of spring. To the homemagic—as much as eight to ten inches leaves the luxury class of fresh vege-I maker filling her market basket in a day. Growers often cut the tables remains relatively short.

each week, the first appearance of spears every day during the peak seaWhen selecting raw asparagus, reasparagus and rhubarb is a most welson; and once a bed is started, it may member that freshness is one of the

come sign that spring is here. remain productive for more than best signs of quality. Look for stalks

And that earliest appearance may thirty years. that are firm and straight, with tightbe marked by relatively high prices Asparagus first earned fame among ly closed, well -formed tips. Except

that do not fit easily into the family the Romans as a medicine believed to for an inch or two at the base, the budget. But only a few short weeks cure many ills. After someone disstalk should be green and tender.

later, usually sometime in May, these covered it was good to eat, its popuThese are indications of high food two colorful favorites begin to arrive larity spread to northern Europe, value, and best flavor. Plump stalks

from nearby growing areas or to apGreat Britain, and America, as early are usually more tender than thin pear in locally grown supplies and voyagers took it with them. ones.

home gardens. Now any homemaker can add color Avoid stalks that are wilted or have

For both rhubarb and asparagus, and flavor interest to her spring menus spreading tips. They are likely to

the season is short, which is all the by serving fresh asparagus often in have been cut for a longer time than more reason to take full advantage of a variety of styles. This is also the is desirable, and their use will involve

the supply peak when quality is highbest time to can or freeze some for waste.

est and prices are most reasonable. later use. The amount of asparagus to buy

And whether you are purchasing from The season for fresh asparagus is depends on how many servings are the produce counter or selecting from lengthening as distant growing areas needed. One pound of good quality

your own garden, it pays to know how supply increasing numbers of markets, fresh asparagus will make about four to choose and use these two springtime delicacies.

Asparagus is a vegetable of contrasts. It takes about three years to

establish an asparagus bed, but when the spears nose their way above the

*Miss Burnham is an agent for consumer education,

Utah State University Extension Service.

Asparagus, one of the first spring vegetables to become abundant, makes an attractive, tasty casserole garnish.

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW CARNATION "Magic Crystals"

Add zest to May menus with rhubarbpineapple pie. INSTANT NONFAT

servings after the less tender parts of the base are removed. For homecanning or freezing, two pounds of DRY MILK!

fresh asparagus will yield one pint canned or one and onehalf pints frozen. Now 0-

If you wish to compare the price of the prices withfresh asparagus on available in find the asparagus,frozen or canned cost per serving of each form. Either (arnation

a pound can of asparagus or a tendouble- 2ST 'NSTANTNONFAT ounce package of frozen asparagus servings.will give about three perishsealed is highly asparagus Fresh

able and should be used within a day or two of purchase. The quality is 25quart

best maintained at home if the stalks or: -"*;il"*"bag a moistureproofare put into metal rzf—reclosedtightly container and

frigerated immediately.

When it is time to cook the asparacontainer!

gus, wash it thoroughly in cool water, and be sure there is no sand or dirt under the scales. Then snap off the This is the new pure crystal form of freshest pasteurized nonfat

tough, woody portion of the lower milk. New Carnation Magic Crystals that burst into fresh, delistalk. The stalks break easily just becate flavor instantly, even in icecold water! Delicious for drinklow the tender part. ing, rich in all the natural protein, calcium and B-vitamins of

These two suggestions on cooking fresh whole milk. Ready instantly for cooking, baking—no speasparagus will help insure that it will

cial recipes needed.be tender, yet not mushy from overcooking. If the spears are to be cooked Buy Carnation Instant in the handy 3-qt. and economical 8-qt.

whole, tie the stalks firmly in bunches packages for regular daily use. Discover the delicious fresh flavor

and stand them upright in a deep pan. of Carnation, the only Magic Crystals Instant, today.

Then add boiling water to cover about of the inches steam for ends andtwo. is For drinking, cooking, baking, whipping. minutes. Asparagusten to twenty

done and tender when it is easily SAVE ALL 4 WAYS!

pierced with a fork.

in prefer, asparagus cut If you FOR YOUR it. Set the tipspieces cooking beforeaside. After the pieces of stalk have WELFARE FOOD

steamed for about ten minutes, add STORAGE PLAN:

the tips and let them cook just the Carnation Instant 3-qt. and 8-qt.

last few minutes. Both stalks and

tips will be cooked just right. packages are wrapped in foil.

Besides adding gay green color to Can be stored with complete family menus, asparagus has a flavor safety for a year. For maximum

all its own, and vitamins, too! It is storage life, get the new 25qt.

(Continued on following page) doublesealed metal container.

MAY 1957 357 Signs of Spring

(Continued from preceding page) Although rhubarb is not as im- a good source of Vitamins A and C. portant a commodity on the market

White or bleached asparagus has relaas are most fruits, it offers hometively little Vitamin A, but the vitamakers a welcome change at a season min C content is the same as that in when the fresh fruit selection is limthe green stalks. ited and when many fruit prices are

You can serve asparagus often and higher than at other times of the still make it interesting by serving year.

it in a variety of ways. It is often As early as February, the hothouse

served with Hollandaise, cheese, or forced rhubarb finds its way to cream, or mushroom sauces. Either many markets, but late April through

SAFEWAY tender,spears mayuncookedbe cut stalksup andoraddedcookedto Junefrom isnearbyusuallygrowingthe timeareaswhenandsupplieshome is a Fri end of the other vegetables for spring salads. gardens increase and prices are lowis frozen, est. rhubarb some While asparagus on or creamed Buttered Family... the Farmer

its fresh during eaten of it is most or supper quick toast is a favorite luncheon dish. And combined with short season. Let's serve and enjoy

eggs, milk, and seasoning, asparagus it often.

makes an elegant souffle. Cream of Rhubarb contains some Vitamin C,

Meat Producer asparagus soup made from fresh but it is most prized for the flavor spears is a real springtime treat. and bright color which it brings to

For a tasty main dish, cook asparaour meals. Alone or as a companion

fruits, it lends a fresh, tart IF YOU WANT gus spears, and then for each serving, to other

THE BEST IN rollof cookedfive orham.six stalksArrangein ain thina bakingslice tasteand manyto sauce,othershortcake,tempting pie,dishes.sherbet,

dish, pour a cheese sauce over the Choosing the best quality rhubarb MEAT GO TO ham rolls, and slip under the broiler is easy if you look for beauty. A

until the cheese is bubbly brown. pretty color, ranging from pink to

red, means the stalks will have a tart,SAFEWAY Sauces for Fresh Asparagus yet somewhat sweet flavor. Some

Our reputation for having the varieties grown in certain types of soil

BEST meat is unquestioned. Almond Butter Sauce will have green stalks that taste more

Then, too, our meatbuying tart than the pink ones. Stalks that

practices are a constructive force Saute!/4 CUP slivered almonds in are fresh, firm, crisp, and fairly thick

in the market place. Take, for Y4 cup butter or margarine. are tender and free from strings.

week Each example, LAMB. they wilted, stalks are If rhubarb Mushroom Butter Sauce accept meat buyers Safeway's cool kept been not have probably packers—both offers many from

1/3 enough to retain their quality. small. packer sets Saute % cup sliced mushrooms in The large and

the price to Safeway, and we cup butter or margarine and 2 teaspoons One pound of fresh rhubarb will buy on the basis of the prices fresh lemon juice. yield about five servings of sauce, or

offered. Of course, we buy most about a pint of canned or frozen fruit.

from the packers who offer the Bacon and Bread Crumbs Sauce Since both color and texture suffer considered. prices—quality best is the freezing in canning, somewhat crisp. strips until very 4 bacon Fry in all can participate packers But rhufor preserving preferred method fat, of the add tablespoons 3 Measure This week. every business the freezer Families have barb. who until heat crumbs bread and cup to continuity stability gives and Y4 of rhugenerous amounts space and constantly. stirring Crumble brown, market. the

Safeway's system of meat probacon and add sauce. barb may want to put some away for

use. outof-season

is constructive, and curement it Mock Hollandaise is quite perishable, Fresh rhubarb posgetting results in the best after purchase. sible it soon to cook plan quality and value for our stir so white sauce, cup one medium To customers. cut off If it days, a few be kept must melted yolks, 6 tablespoons in egg two

Yes, Safeway is a friend to the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, and 1 the leaves and, if necessary, wash the family—the farmer and, particutablespoon lemon juice. stalks. Place the thoroughly dried

larly, the meat producer. stalks in a moistureproof container

"Dotanically speaking, rhubarb is a or wrap them in waxed paper and ** vegetable of the buckwheat famstore in the refrigerator.

ily, but it is used as a fruit. Because Cut the stalks into halfinch pieces

of its frequent use in pies, rhubarb for cooking. If the rhubarb is tender SAFEWAY has earned the name "pieplant"in and colorful, do not peel it, because

the United States. Like asparagus, the red skin gives an attractive color

the first recorded use of rhubarb was to the sauce. Put the pieces of rhuas a medicine, but it later became barb in a pan with just enough boilpopular in many countries as a food. ing water to cover the bottom of

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the pan, cover the pan, and let the rhubarb simmer until it is tender, CjoIsl J&! Leftover chicken gets a French accent /

then add the desired amount of sugar.

Rhubarb may also be baked. Just

combine the pieces of fruit with sugar, a few tablespoons of water, and a dash of salt, and place the mixture in a Ghicken Grepes covered baking dish and bake in a hot oven (about 400 F.) until tender. Baked rhubarb tends to hold

its shape better than that cooked on top of the range.

rhubarb—inThere are dozensfact, theof waysonly tolimitserveis

your imagination. Rhubarb sauce

may be used as a substitute for apples in such recipes as applesauce cake.

Nutmeg, lemon, and orange are particularly delicious additions to the flavor of rhubarb. Orange juice may

be used instead of water in making the sauce.

Pineapple and rhubarb are happy partners in a pie. Substitute a cup

of pineapple for a cup of rhubarb.

Or make the oldtime favorite, strawberry-rhubarb pie, by substituting a cup of strawberries for a cup of rhubarb.

For eye appeal taste appeal, and Grepes try Chicken of these recipessome the brief during Makes 6 Servings isseason rhubarb in baking abundant. when side flap down place center; tablespoons in Stir 2 milk. cup Scald i/2 Sprinkle center. across sauce pour dish; shorten- "4 cup salt and 1 teaspoon sugar, cheese. Heat Parmesan tablespoons 3 with into bowl Measure lukewarm. to ing. Cool Festive Spring Rhubarb Salad minutes. 5-10 oven, 450 hot) (very F. in to (Cool water. hot) (not 14 cup warm

Sauce Filling and Chicken yeast.) Add compressed for lukewarm or margarine in c"P saucepan Va Melt cups Yeast, 2 rhubarb Fleischmann's (unpeeled, cut up) or cake 1 package cup until tender cook butter. and 1 y4 Add dissolve. to Stir compressed. or active dry cup sugar 2 enriched in cup Blend onion. minced l/4 1 beaten mixture, milk lukewarm Add cup dry 1 water teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon flour, flour. Y2 Beat enriched sifted 1 cup and egg pepper. Slowly cayenne 1 dash a mustard and package apple gelatin Let 1 Cover. minute. about until smooth,

light cream. or rich milk in 2 stir cups 40 about in bulk, 1 until doubled rise 3-ounce package cheese cream smooth. satiny thick and until Cook Chicken prepare rising, While minutes. 1 tablespoon juice lemon 1 stir into Slowly heat. from Remove For down. batter Stir Sauce. Filling and

heat. to Cook, Return egg. slightly beaten celery, green cup diced hot, onto batter cup pour crepe, each% boil. y4 Restarts to mixture until stirring, 6-inch to spread griddle; greased cup meats, nut slightly chopped J/3 in filling, combine heat. For from move heat to medium over low Bake diameter.

cups cubed 2 1 sauce and cup saucepan surface and over appear bubbles until Reserve use. to ready unpeeled Cook heat when rhubarb sugar with chicken; stack on once; only turn dry; seem edges keep warm topping; for sauce remaining rilling chicken hot water. Bring toand boil cup Place a plate. reduce and Vi warm

water. hot over to ends crepe. Fold of each center across toheat for 10 low minutes. Dissolve

the gelatin in the boiling hot rhubarb sauce. Add the cream cheese, which has

been mashed to break it up, and stir until dissolved in the hot mixture. Chill Oh, what a wonderful flavor/...

until it begins to thicken. Whip until Taste and Texture Only Yeast Can Give

light and fluff)', then add lemon juice, celery, and nut meats. Turn into a "Imagine!"says Mrs. Michael Patricelli Jr., prizesalad mold or into individual molds winning cook of Seattle, Washington. "I use up leftover

and chill. This salad is rich tasting chicken or roast and feel like I'm serving my family

and servings need not be large. About an expensive French restaurant meal.

8 servings. "These 'yeastriz'pancakes have a crispy lightness,

a continental flavor you can't get the ordinary way.

secret's And the Fleischmann's Yeast—use the cake

Pink Rhubarb Refresher yeast or the handy dry kind. It keeps for months and

rises fast. always Prizewinning cooks depend on 1 pound rhubarb (cut, but not Fleischmann's Active so will Dry Yeast—and you!"peeled)

2 l/2 cups boiling water Recipes for other delicious main

Get the Dry dishes (Pizza, too!) on the back of every

Cook to a sauce, press through a sieve, Yeast in the new "Thrifty Three."Look for these recipes

and measure the juice. For each cup of 'TripleFresh"Pack when you buy Fleischmann's Active

juice add!/4 CUP of sugar, stir until Dry Yeast.

(Concluded on following page) Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

MAY 1957 359 Signs of Spring It cant gfit (Concluded from preceding page) J dissolved, and chill. When ready to

serve, add ]/2 cup orange juice to each feontjjOK;!... cup of rhubarb juice. Then add l/4

cup lemon juice and 1 pint of gingerale to entire mixture. Serves about 12.

Rhubarb Delight

1 egg Y8 teaspoon salt sugar cup l/4 The Extra Richness. cup milk!/4

Extra Nourishment. l'/2 cups sweetened rhubarb sauce

Extra Good Taste Juice of half an orange 0/ TABLE QUEEN BREAD Y4 cup whipping cream is "Builtin"to Every Loaf. The secret Add salt to egg and beat, then add

equivalent is milk—the

of a glass of milk in Milk asugar,doubleand boiler,beat again.then pourScaldhotmilkmilkin

in every loaf. Fresher Enric slowly over the egg mixture and cook

COMPANY BAKING ROYAL... with Vitamins... flavor finer Chill. until it coats spoon. the Add

and Iron City Salt Lake value! food more juice to the sauce orange Ogden rhubarb and

chilled egg mixture, then add entire mixture to whipped cream, blending well. Pour into tray and freeze, stirring

Why Share Your Space occasionally until firm. About 8 servings. The Best Bible with a Swinging Door?

Of 1957 A DE LUXE Oxford Bible Handy Hints for only 1 Q75 in Red or onePaymentdollar uponfor Handypublication.Hints usedIn thewilleventbe

Black that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the

Luxurious dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

Marrakesh but each will receive careful consideration.

Persian If you must prepare fresh green salads binding. ahead of time, place a saucer upside down

Oxford in the bottom of the salad bowl. This will

youIndia their crisp greens beprevent keep the and soggy. HartMrs.Paperj Number coming D., West W. W.

02227x ford, Connecticut a "MODERNFOLD'monJvoe * MOREdoorSPACEtakesFOR noneLIVING ofanyForyourkinda cakequick,of withflattastychocolatechocolatefrosting,mintcandy.coverwaferstheSlidetopor

BEAUTY * NEW COLORFUL. FOLDING RIGID - STRENGTH * OF STEEL overinto cake.oven untilE. M.,candyChicago,melts,Illinoisthen spread WALLS MOVABLE * BANQUET

TABLES Fasten a short towel rack on the inside of your clothes hamper lid. Wet washcloths

or towels hung on it will not mildew, yet modernfold they will be out of the way and out of DOORS sight. E. H., Hinckley, Utah

Now that spring is here, paint the handles

For demonstration write or phone of garden tools a brilliant yellow or orange.

You can find them easily and will save yourself over a stumble an unseen many ALDER'S TRUCKS B., or rake Michigan Marquette, City South 960 Salt Lake Main storingMONROE hoe.—/. Chairstruck easy Forthe wayTables Phone EM 4-8444 modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue handles

rhairs.permits of eitherTrurit storagt No. TSCor Storage Transport rionin limited slices roast, space. flavor a cut about onion To free your Please entitled booklet send me No, TS Truck

IE10. Living"for Space "More stick thick, the toothpick inch through a to their inquiries the Units Church may direct Y4

Church Purchasing Department, 47 East NAME center of each slice, and pin it to the top

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1. Utah. Address or sides of the meat. The onion won't fall

City State to the bottom of the pan and burn. A. D., THE "IWonoOt-. COMPANY

249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA \ Hinckley, Utah

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How to Story enjoy deluxe for a "fountain"sundaes at home with

Small Son TouineXftide toppings by Kerry Wood

Ourfromsmalla lengthyson hasstayjustatcomea hospital.home fulbeef.there,Beforeand theythe dotedtree onshadowschoice

Entertaining him during the stretched out long and warned us convalescent period has become a evening was near, we had seventeen family enterprise. Above all else, the beautiful fish cleaned and headed

sevenyear-old lad likes stories and and wrapped in cool moss to carry especially true adventures. He has home for a fishfry supper. All the

a coyote worried a pleasant idea called the time out we were fishing, worked *.... uttering whimus and was watching "Story of Months."

"Now, Dad, what did you do in pering barks—because its den and Now make siindaes like a fountain prothe month of May when you were pups were hidden behind a willow fessional—theluscious, mouthTownewateringPride way!sodas Big,and

seven years old?"clump only fifty feet from where we sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne

That was the time when my folk fished. But we didn't learn about Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily,

were living on a large ranch alongthe den until our next visit to the timesso simply.as enjoyable.Makes servingComes inicefivecreamdeliciousfive

side a beautiful mountain river. My fishing hole, when we divided our flavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry,

brother Charlie introduced me to time between fishing and watching butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup.

fishing, and one glorious afternoon the coyote pups at play.

we found a creekmouth not far from the home ranch where the TSumeXIMde crystal clear creek joined the stream "Were you a cowboy when you of the main river. We tossed in hooks were seven years old, living on a

baited with small chunks of good ranch in the month of May?"asked

ranch beef. The results were wonthe whitefaced boy in bed. UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE

derful: cutthroat trout were plenti- (Continued on following page)

PRESENTS...

MAY TRAVEL

"... my brother BUYSCharlie introduced me

fishing,to and one Visit * this nearby to Mexico. TOURS

glorious afternoon we Cultures. of Ancient land and see ruinsfound a creekmouth

not far from the ranch..."IMMIGRANT FARES,rom Europe.

Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts Bring your friends and family to the United

States while these low fares are in effect.

CONDUCTED TOURS t0 Europe.

A variety of tours to suit every interest. University of Utah Tour for students of all ages.

MAWAll by ship or plane, always a travel bargain.

UNIVERSAL

TRAVEL SERVICE, INC.

TEMPLE SQUARE HOTEL Salt Lake City, Utah ELgin 5-6552

MAY 1957 361 III! Ill III Story for a Small Son

Wake Up With the World! Oh,(Continuedno! Butfromthereprecedingwere realpage) cowboys on that ranch, eight or ten of

them and nary a sixgun among the lot except on holidays, when they liked to strap on a gun or take a rifle and go hunting for pests. I recall

the day when one of them lined his rifle sights on a large soaring hawk that I know now was one of those useful, rodenteating hawks worth

Pick up The Salt Lake Tribune from your doorstep, hard cash to farmers as pest conand there in front of you is the world, the west—YOUR trollers. The cowboy squeezed the

Intermountain West—and your community. What haptrigger, the rifle belched sharply, and

pened last night in Pakistan is as clearly told to you as down came the hawk in an awkward what happened in the P-T A meeting at your neighborhood spiral with one wing pumping furischool. You're a part of the world and a citizen of the ously and the other dangling limp.

Intermountain West. The cowboys and my brother and

myself rushed to the thicket where

You step out on the street knowing that your whole the bird had disappeared. There the

day will be one of awareness, because the world and your suffering hawk was spraddled on the own neighborhood have been brought to your breakfast newlyleafed branches, its eyes large table in proper perspective, in your morning copy of and fierce as it glowered at the menthings who had ended its skyhigh freedom. The rifleman reached up

to grab it. At that instant, the hawk's

talons flashed out, and the cowboy yelped with pain. Black claws had

locked on his wrist, the curved points buried in flesh and bone. Then the

others quickly killed the hawk, but

MAIL COUPONstill the talons stayed hooked on the man's wrist. One older cowboy,

GRIND FLOUR Walter by name, used his jackknife to sever the hawk's leg and lay bare cords. tendon white He pulled AS YOU the

the of suddenly these, and on one

NEED IT! imbedded talons spread wide.

"Well, he shouldn't have shot a

The Secret good hawk,"commented the young of a listener.

Truly Nutritional "That's right, Son, but he didn't

Bread is know it was a good hawk. In those

Freshly days, almost everyone thought that

Ground hawks were bad birds. We know

Flour better now."

Your own household stone mill grinds flour with superb flavor. Get a LEE Household

Electric Flour Mill... grind your flour as

you bake. Assure your family of an honest "In the month of May, when you loaf!

Portable Automatic Electric were seven and lived on a ranch, did # Economical Write today for prices—free recipes and food WATER you ride a horse?"

It ever. offer, a busy ranch, was coupon below Hardly send introductory Savefacts. on 5-lb. HEATER choice for order check with or money of for foolishment the with no time it's shipped. the day ground package—stone

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY horse. a putting a sevenyear-old on

Milwaukee, wm mm—mm mm m i m mb Wisconsinam lift wmb—Walter would Sometimes up me

IE-4 Engineering Dept. Lee Company,bhb. hmb hhm 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee 1, Wis. LIVE BETTER onto his saddle for a moment; someshort a took times he even me for

.... 5-lb. Flour, pkg. only Pp. Deaf Smith $1.50 ELECTRICALLY

as of in front ride, holding him me 5-lb. Flour, pkg. only Pp. $1.00.... Wis.-Minn. with FULL

he rode out into the pasture to round

Name HOUSEPOWER up work horses wanted for ploughing

Street UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. or seeding or something like that.

City State But there was one gentle old horse 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA called Baldy, a retired animal who wfts given the freedom of the barnKJER-JAKOBSEN DESIGN/VATS. PEND

yard. And once Baldy was slumbering

on his feet in the way that horses do, standing in the shade of the lowroofed chicken coop. It was a marvelous opportunity for a sevenyear -old

potential cowboy. I climbed onto

the shed roof by means of boards and boxes used for that purpose many times before, and once on the roof,

I edged over towards Baldy and flung myself down on his back.

Baldy came awake with a start. He

didn't buck, being such an elderly beast and beyond such undignified action. But Baldy did actually gallop

for a moment or two while a small cowboy hung onto the mane hair for dear life and bounced like a ball all over Baldy 's back. The unaccustomed

exercise made Baldy thirsty, so the trough—aaged horse woodenheaded towardsaffair twelvethe waterfeet

long, a yard wide, and a yard deep.

Baldy put down his muzzle to drink, whereupon an inexpert little cowboy slid down that sloping neck, went headfirst into the green depths of the water trough, and the next second came gasping to the surface to stare up at the long Roman nose of the VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., Los Angeles 45, Calif.

startled and disapproving Baldy. "GOVERNMENT IS FORCE AND SHOULD BE WATCHED LIKE FIRE'- George Washington

"I like that story,"said the listener.

"I didn't like it at the time—it was

cold and shivery in that trough.Walter fished me out and gave me a Now Prepared for

smack and sent me running to the house to get changed."Even Greater Service

* In recognition of its broad educational "What else happened in the month and research program of May on the big ranch?"

Well there was the walk along UTAH STATE the Big Ditch. I can't remember the

reason for that ditch, but it was wide AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE and long and filled with water. Walter now becomes the

had to check the fencing alongside it and I went with him for company. UTAH STATE UNIVERSITYWe walked together from post to

post, with the ditch on one side and of Agriculture and Applied Science the three strands of barbed wire on "The Best in Liberal and Practical Education"the other. It was a sunny May morning, and I recall the whistling meadowlarks, the yukyuk of a badger SUMMER SESSION REGISTRATION

on a knoll, the shrilling of gophers First Session—June 10July 12

and the brisk songs of small brown Second Session—July 15August 16

birds with two white feathers in their tails. Now and then a glossyheaded Write for Information

drake mallard would quack loudly and spring into the air, accompaniedby a brown duck as they winged UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY away to find refuge in another Daryl Chase, President stretch of ditch water. LOGAN, UTAH

(Concluded on following page) MAY 1957 363 r Story for a Small Son KITCHEn CHflRm (Concluded from preceding page) ward, a mile over, was the heavily strip alongside the troutfilled wooded WAXED PAPER "But that's not a story—that's just river. I don't recall what things you saw!"KEEPS FOOD was eastward, because we were walking west

the towards the hazy foothills and outlined FRESHER LONGER! aboutYet therethat morningwas somethingbeside storylikethe Big sharply mountains. It was

Ditch. The sun was so golden, the a storybook morning, with the sharpair so clear and clean, the bird songs snouted badger, the flickertailed

so pleasant, and the tiny blue violets gophers, the scolding redwinged and yellow buffalo beans and pink blackbirds, and the ducks that seemed shooting stars all so well remembered. to have grinning beaks on that loveOff to the west the Rockies were bluely May day.

white and beautiful. To the north "Okay,"murmured the small son,

the prairie land was rolling away in sleepily. "It'll do for this time, but

different colored terraces up to the I want a real story for the next month high ridge of the horizon. And southwe play!"

The Second Advent

(Concluded from page 327) creases at a fearful rate; the religion

their loveliness as at the first; Jesus of the great mass of mankind is nothshall reign "in Mount Zion and in ing but a mockery and a sham; the

Jerusalem and before his ancients cords that hold together society are gloriously,"and all created things snapping and loosening, and all feel shall "praise the Lord."that "there's something at hand!"

his to questions put by of his In answer the tokens some of These are WITH MILLIONS POPULAR of certain events spoke Jesus the Bridegroom "Behold coming.... apostles, OF HOUSEWIVES

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS which were to be taken as signs of cometh. Go ye out to meet him!"The

his advent. These things are now "wise virgins"are awaking; their

taking place; therefore we are living lamps are trimmed; they walk not in

Good! in the day of his coming. the dark, but, with "a light to their

BoffonBustin'The "gospel of the kingdom,"refeet and a lamp to their path,"they stored to earth by revelation, is being are hastening to the place appointed;

Frozen preached as a special "witness"of his for it is written, "The Redeemer shall appearing; his people are gathering come to Zion."

together; already the foundations of The time is close at hand. The

laid the in are his being kingdom will considering events been MEAT have we is built being up; Zion mountains;

in rapid succesfollow another one * * * is broodof gathering the spirit sion. God will cut his work short in PIES ing over the Jews, and wealthy and righteousness. The day and hour are

influential men among them are exnot revealed; but "when the Lord

reestablish- erting for the themselves...from built hath Zion, then will he apup uf\&* parts of of barren Jerusalem; ment

his glory."pear in Cupboard Convenience to blossom, are beginning that land

and streams there long since dried O ye children of men, put away up begin again to flow. The spirit your sins—repent of your evil doings.

of contention increases in every deThe Spirit of the Lord has whispered partment of society, and the nations in your hearts, and you have felt feel impelled by an invisible influence your iniquities; when alone in the

to prepare themselves for war. Horsilent night you have been sleepless.

rible inventions are constantly being Heed not the gibe and the sneer of brought out for the purpose of the corrupt and evilminded, but destroying the lives of men. Incapaccome forth and be buried with Christ

%. CHICKEN ity among lawmakers and rulers is in baptism; receive the rich gift of

TURKEY Weseen hearto a ofmostearthquakes,humiliatingtornadoes,degree. theSaints,Spiritto prepareof God, theandkingdomhelp, withfor thethe

storms, and all kinds of appalling Son of Man, that when he shall come

Chicken, Turkey, disasters; and though the earth still you may be looking for his appearSwiss Sleak or Ham Dinners, brings forth an abundance of her ance, and that the "day of the Lord"

Fruit Pies, Tamales, Ravioli, fruits, thousands pine for the want may not come upon you unawares,

Sirloin Tips, Chicken a la King of natural nourishment. Crime in- "like a thief in the night."

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On announcing

(Concluded from page 296) The annual allChurch senior SUMMER basketball tournament opened today at the George Albert Smith fieldhouse, Brigham Young University, QUARTER

Provo, Scores Utah. Syracuse were

(Utah) 63, Arbor 55; Plain City 49, NEW CLASSES START JUNE 3

Salt Lake City Ninth 37; Provo Ninth Right now LDS Business College has 12

(Utah) 51, Mill Creek 33; Cedar City good job offers for every graduate. Secure

Sixth 63, Fairmont 34. yourformation.future. Write today for further inLDS BUSINESS COLLEGE

Rjt Scores in today's allChurch 70SaltNorthLake MainCity, StreetUtah basketball tournament \Sr senior Name MAIL TODAY! COUPON games: will receive including inAddress BYU Sixth 50, Sugar You immediate reply

City (Idaho) 42; Mesa (Arizona) Sixth formation on classes, schedules, tuition, living City Zone State..

41, Cedar City Institute 40; Tooele First accommodations, etc.

67, Garvanza (California) 48; Merced

(California) 56, Copperton 47; BYU PHONE Eleventh 60, Burley Fifth (Idaho) 34;

Garland Second 60, Monrovia (CaliBUSINESS COLLEGE EM 3-2765 fornia) 45; Wilmington (California) 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

56, Fort Lewis (Washington) 33; Grayson 60, Mt. Pleasant 40; Logan Ninth

87, Denver First (Colorado) 28; MapFirst pleton 54, Mountain View (Alorninj SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, Stratford berta) 42; Second 49, Thomas

(Idaho) 43; Salt Lake City Thirtyfirst scaling or itching skin or are an adolesskin troubles cent with given have and 65, St. Anthony 39. despair, thinking product no up in would EVAPORATtB

MILK. itrelieveto yourselfor heal toyourtry skin,H & thenM OINTMENT.you owe

ft Scores i\ theall-Church M-nior ointmentYour druggistand haswill thisgladlymarvelousrefundhealingyour

Kw basketball tournament: money if you are not pleased with reChampionship bracket: Graysults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

son 62, BYU Eleventh 52; Cedar City It's better blending

Sixth 49, Merced 41; Stratford 21, Tooele

First 30; Provo Ninth 63, Syracuse 45;...that good

BYU Sixth 50, Mesa Sixth 45; Salt Lake

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TOCity Thirtyfirst 76, 47; Garland Second skincolor.H

order it at your from drug*Mstore, or FirstLogan Ninth 53, Mapleton 40; Morning Milk Get

Plain City 67, 54. Wilmington & H LABORATORIES

Consolation bracket: Pleasant 151 Mount EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH

56, Burley Fifth 32; Thomas Second 78, Enjoy tastier dishes by using 1 oz.—$1.25 2 oz.—$2.00

Garvanza 60; Salt Lake City Ninth 72, Morning Milk instead of POSTPAID

Fort Lewis 60; Copperton 71, Fairmont

69; Mountain View 56, Denver First ordinary milk or cream. For

51; Monrovia 67, St. Anthony 46; Sugar Morning Milk is superCity 55, Cedar City Institute 46; Arbor55, Mill Creek First 36. homogenized to a creamyFILMS!

smooth consistency to blend DEVELOPED and PRINTEDJTW Scores in today's allChurch better with all other ingredSf senior basketball games: ients.

Championship bracket: Provo

of milk can other form Coin Only Send 50,Ninth Logan 53, No 47; Grayson Ninth

C.O.D.i - NoStratford Salt Thirtyfirst 42; Lake City superior guarantee such GUARANTEE! MONEYBACK74, BYU Sixth 61; Cedar City Sixth 58,

Plain City 49. cooking results. PHOTO

Secondday losers: Tooele 60, BYU

Eleventh 59; Mesa Sixth 59, Garland BIND YOUR ERAS FOR 1956Second 55; Syracuse 56, Mapleton 42;

Merced 49, Wilmington 47. Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956 DRINK

volume of The Improvement Era are inConsolation bracket: Sugar City 52, formed that the annual index is now being

prepared.Monrovia Reserve 44, your index 43; Arbor sending by Mountain View ficqo A delightful your to address and Improvename The33; 53, Second Pleasant Thomas Mt. for those hot beverage Street, Era, Salt 50 ment North Lake Main Salt49; Lake City 46, Ninth Coppercoffee. don't drink who 1, Please City threecent enclose Utah. a

ton 40. stamp. AT YOUR GROCERS

MAY 1957 365 RAIN BIRD bads The Golden Rule (Concluded from page 315) There was a sacred silence. The

Where Others Follow.* over, and the great success of it all true Christian spirit was there. We

was lauded. The leading spokesman were doing unto others as we would

from the lower valley then presented like to be done by. Such a fine

a certified check for $60,000, stating demonstration of brotherly love and that whatever additional was due kindness had seldom been known.

would be forthcoming. One of the With pleased smiles and wet eyes

most prominent of our group rose up we all shook hands, then went to our and made a motion, another seconded homes with a conviction in every it, and it was carried unanimously: heart that this is not a bad world to

that we would not accept one cent! live in after all.

For 20 years a pace setter in the irrigation

industry, Rain Bird has led the field in improved irrigation sprinklers. Continuous laboratory and inthe-field research These Times

assures the performance and reliability of all Rain Bird Sprinklers. (Continued from page 290) to material enhancement. What are

forgiveness of those who trespass against they? One can read novels like SinInvest in Rain Bird, the leader'Also, be us? Being human, it is fair to suspect cerely, Willis Wayde or The Organizasure the sprinkler system you get meets that two very practical motives underlie tion Man. We see ourselves mirrored

the American Society of Agricultural Engimuch of the current popularity of rein many pages. What are the current

neers'standards and fits your requireligious activity: (1) fear, and (2) reapopular values? Efficiency, productivity,

ments exactly. sons of material value and enhancewillingness to assume responsibility and

ment. its capable discharge, affability, agreeLiterature on request. There can be nothing against fear ableness, "a welladjusted personality,"

nor the acquisitive instincts of mankind smooth human relations, "good"perwhich aim at material enrichment, only formance, including communication

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP. gratitudetheir rich,forwisethoseusage.human implants and worthyability, qualities,and so forth.badly Allneeded.are mostJobs AZUSA, CALIFORNIA

However, fear is not as productive of are available for people exhibiting them spiritual enlargement as faith. It is—at $24,000 a year. The wife, of

faith that makes us whole. World War course, must also measure up, with

II revived fear as an active ingredient in "personal charm,""attractiveness"; she

every man's outlook. Postwar missies must be "a good entertainer,""run a

and other weapons, emitting deathdeal- wellmanaged home,"have "strong"ing rays, have sobered the most "itoutside and civic interests, and "be seen can't-happento-meites."Literate people at church,"of course.

now know that although the bomb may Who will quarrel with such virtues?

miss its mark, all nostrils inhale the No one would be so foolish.

American air; all bonemarrow absorbs the gamma Alternatively, one could substitute for

chairs upholstered ends rays if and when released in sufficient the good "organization man,"the man with pew quantity. with the highly technical qualifications

American Seating offers A church is not a place to hide. Nor of the modern architect, design engineer,

comfort and dignity is it a market in which to invest a physicist, or other scientist. And, with

in church furniture hedgeattendance.for anTheeternalwork futureof a churchby mereis thestructedsame family),wife (andandwellclad"smoothandhumanconFor comfort, dignity, and quietness in mostly done in the field, not in the relations"ability, he also could become

church seating, choose American Seating meetinghouse. A church is a social in- a large cog in the modern economic

upholstered chairs. They offer beauty and strument designed to kindle the worship system. And we are all grateful for

durability, correct posture; are adaptable of God. The worship of God has for this.

to curved rows. its purpose the kindling of active love But what about forgiveness? Who or

More churches buy American Seating for mankind, loving one's neighbor as what feeds the drive for love, for mercy, products than any other make. If you are one's self. And who is one's neighbor? and the great qualities of heart and

planning to reseat, remodel, or build, write The Samaritan, Jesus answered. And soul?

us in detail about your seating requirements. who is the Samaritan? The fellow we Why in this great and tremendous

like, don't don't understand, probably tranquilizers, sale of the age should AMERICAN despise. are other neighbors, There pills, aspirin, sleeping vitamins and SEATING or

less diffiare of course; the ones who vie to only with the preoccupaseem Rapids 2, Mich. Depf. 169, Grand

cult greet to love, and we whom with tion psycounselors, psychology, with IN PUBLIC SEATING LEADER WORLD'S sweetness. chiatry, efforts to other remarkable and

HEALTH and BEAUTY Current churchgoing should produce heal or calm the human soul? Is the

FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY, HEALTH, something in the character of the kingdom of God and its peace within line of most complete America's helpful i UNLIMITED churchgoer. Otherwise the churchgoer us?

savings vitamins, Bighealth products. on

as well have gone to the lake or might beauty therapy equipment/supplements, being today is called 3. The human

aids, exercising, etc sports, reducing, the park. judgments, gifts. more more of sexes. upon to make bothWonderful All ages

Get this catalog now, for health's sake. ITS The same would seem to be true of decisions, each minute, hour, day, and

HEALTH UNLIMITED WISCONSIN'the current popular values which attach year, than at any time in the history ofDEPT. E WATERTOWN,

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA man. Most of these judgments are small,

but they are important. Example:

stopping for ten red lights, twelve signs, fifteenSchool and GoSlow - SINCE TIMES EARLY pedestrians, in wheeling and out of Every advance in organ design has been toward makingthree lanes around fortyseven moving and inanimate objects for ten minutes the instrument easier to play, truer in tone, broader in range, each morning, on the way to work. the

These constitute nearly a hundred judgments, deathand-lifeinvolving decisions. They are made almost, but not ORGAN HAMMONDquite, unconsciously. is in the great tradition of those centuries of improvement.

One's grandfather hitched the team Costwise it is the safest investment in musical instruments. We

and drove to the Parowan north field are most anxious to arrange demonstrations for music commitand let nature and the team take their tees and interested groups. It will pay to know ALL about

course. Meanwhile, he viewed the old

Black Mountain and the Beaver range the HAMMOND.

to the north and the red sandstone cliffs of the gap in the west—singing a hymnor "My Darling Nellie Gray"while the GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

green alfalfa and the sagebrush fed - 3 STORES - (rather than tortured) his soul. Today, CEIEBRATING OUR "GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY"

while dodging fastmoving objects and OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO racing off with the green lights, we are 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 South Main 57 North University Ave.

listening to crises in Budapest, murder on Thirtythird South, civilian defense signals, and disc jockeys "discing"from our car radios.

that of work a piece is man What surmount an age, to such can adjusthe The Special Los Angeles Temple it with a wave of popular religious activity, and move through the thousandIssue Is Still Available!

andone machine processes of his bench at the factory, mill, or office! Nearly 250,000 copies of the Special Information by sending the coupon or

Los Angeles Temple issue of The Imthe information contained in it together

But the danger of merely surmountprovement Era have been sold to people with the proper remittance.

ing this material enhancement is the all over the world at fifty cents a copy.

risk of aiming only at the sense of This issue has permanent and lasting the only with, deals not Los value and Angeles Los Bureau self; or, at best, socialmastery. mere all the also with but Temple, Angeles 10741 North Temple ofWayInformation gratefully psychology aided be are by built or thatTo the has temples Church Angeles Los 24, California

and pharmacology, combined with the planned for the near future.

pictures fullcolor Please beautiful postpaid send Eight me fear earlier of noted, willsense not of of the Los copies scenes the interior Special new Los Angeles showing love. of divine cause Unlesssave the are the issue of are and included Temple Angeles Temple The Improvement

faith can be stronger than selfsatisfac- first in color ever released by the Church. Era at 35c each for which I am enspe- of this edition third of the for shalltion Some where and fear, we turn

that the adclosing $ except issue, cial complete reservoir of forgivegreatthe love and still are elminated, vertising has been is society'sness that need? cents a copy. thirtyfive for only available

Finale. Have we ever reached beTheyor relativesmake andmarvelousshould begiftsin forthe friendslibrary

low the surface of the maxim, "Judge of every Latterday Saint family. Order

not, that ye be not judged"? Matthew's direct from the Los Angeles Bureau of

lines continue (7:2): "For with what

judgment ye judge, ye shall he judged."

9 Tour 31 -Sept. Aug. LDS a world, a society Imagine RANCHES (include MONTANA Sept. 14 $24.95 more) States (To Also Other Westerna only ward), where the workaday s0 - SALE TRADE - OR efficiency, ofvalues topperformance, 10,000 STOCK DAIRY 40 ACRES OR OR

capability, relations smooth human inc.HAWAIIHotel, Pan American 299Airlines Round request. listings sent free on Propertywith all their virtues and benefits—came Trip LAHonolulu, Sightseeing, Luau.to reign. Imagine judgment and decisionCOOK REALTY Free Brochure

Hamilton, Montana California Intermountain News love, underwithout mercy,making

Calif. 1023 N. Western Ave., Los Angeles 29, Operated) Owned and charity,standing, forgiveness! What (L.D.S.

would you give for such a community?

A community where people could be condemned "for a word"? Where persecution replaced forgiveness? It would be WE DFFER... IN CSE lor SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

COMPLETEa nightmare world! A SERVICE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple ENGRAVING

Can we strive for the Godlike quality From Missionary Portraits to the Largest sore throat and other minor mouth of forgiving? The Christian model, Catalogues. and throat irritations.

Christ on the cross of Calvary forgiving Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention will hardlythose him there, who nailed CO. UTAH ENGRAVING HALLS REMEDY in this world. Butbe achieved St. the 231 Edison City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake

model stands for these and all times.

MAY 1957 367 Your Page and Oars

AN ENVIABLE RECORD article. I hope you have enjoyed hearing of the wonderful experience your magazine brought my cousin Albert Wratten and how

FYon Andrus of the St. George Third happy my family is to hear about it. Also I would like to thank

Ward, St. George (Utah) Stake, DuclouxBrother Archibaldfamily. F. Bennett for asking me to write about my

has a one hundred percent attendance Sincerely, record for the past seven years at Mrs. Julian R. Stephens

Sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and MIA. During these Mutual years Gentlemen:

she has earned her Honor Bee, Mia A ttached please find renewal subscription to cover two years subJoy, and Silver Gleaner awards, and scription to your excellent magazine.

is currently working towards her conductedLast yearouryourChurch'sMr. FaydelegationX. Bybee,of bishoptrusteesofthroughthe Gardenayour beautiStake,

Golden Gleaner. She is an accomful Los Angeles Temple, and at that time accepted our pastor's

plished musician and has always been subscription and fee.

willing to share her talent with both Before your temple's dedication ceremonies, over 1000 of our own church and community affairs. members had viewed your Los Angeles Temple.

D'on Andras Yours very cordially,

Rev. I. D. Bergmann

Associate Pastor The Restored Apostolic Ogden, Utah Catholic Church Dear Editors:

T am writing you to tell you how pleased I was with the publishing of Genealogical Ducloux "Our Problem"my article in the Dear Sirs: Los Angeles, California issue.January such displayed a thrill to see the pictures It was

so well. 'T'he series "There Were Jaredites"has been fascinating. I do

When I received my Era I was ill and not able to get to your hope Brother Nibley will give us some other scholarly treatise office and purchase additional copies to mail to friends and my to take its place in forthcoming issues.

Ducloux relatives in Alabama. The other day my father, Eugene It is a delightful experience to open the pages of The ImproveDucloux Jones, received the following letter enclosed in a letter ment Era and have the mind challenged and improved!

from his cousin Lena Ivey, of Mount Vernon, Alabama, who he Cordially, corresponds regularly: with Leone A. Rose

Dear Lena, The other day I was delivering mail to a Mormon resident on my mail route, when the small magazine they get, The Improvement Era, unrolled and nearly fell out of my hand. In catching

it I inadvertently found it open on page 30. The name "Ducloux"

hit me right in the eye. Naturally, I stopped to read and was

astonished to find the enclosed. There was no one home so I

wrote them a note asking for the article, but to make sure wrote one also at another Mormon home farther on. Today the latter

let me use the magazine to make a copy, so here are two copies, for for you. the originalone for you one Joe and Cannon,

to into time this genealogical go I had more thorWish work oughly but now am busier than ever.... I've been over two

hours steady on this but hope it is news to you. It is possible

our distant cousin sent you a copy. If so, two won't hurt. I

hope to write to her at the first opportunity to give her more of

Grandma Cannon's Wratten side of the family, if she is interested.

I can't get over how that magazine fell open to the exact page.

There are 64 pages in the magazine.

All our love.

Bert and Family (Albert E. Wratten,

El Paso, Texas)

You can imagine what a thrill and surprise my family and I received to learn how this cousin saw the article in The Improvement Era. We did not know of any relatives living in Texas and

so would never have sent him a copy.

Albert Wratten's grandmother was Amelia Ducloux Cannon.

My grandmother Sophia Julia Ducloux was very fond of her cousin Amelia when they lived and played together in Alabama.

Amelia's daughter Bessie Cannon Wratten was Albert Wratten's MORELAND WARD GIRLS ARE TOPS mother. I went through some old Ducloux pictures my grandmother Sophia had received from Alabama in the early days and 'These five girls from the Moreland Ward, Blackfoot (Idaho)

found pictures of both Amelia and Bessie. I am so delighted to Stake, have 100 percent attendance at all Sacrament, Sunday

know I will have someone to help me with family records on this School, and MIA meetings. They are, standing, left to right, Ruth

line. Baldwin (2 years) and Eloise Erickson (3 years)., Seated, left to

I wish to thank everyone working on The Improvement Era right, are Maurine Munson (1 year), Delia Erickson (2 years) and and especially the people connected with the publishing of my Serena Baldwin, (5 years).

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Phillips 66 Dealers have the Nicest Customers!

WeVe noticed that one way to get people to be nice to us is to be nice to them.

At Phillips 66 Stations the customer learns early that she'll be treated right. Phillips 66 Service includes having your car

brushed out... the windows cleaned all the way around... your

battery and tires checked. It means friendliness, courtesy, a

sincere desire to please you!

Drive in soon at your neighborly Phillips 66 Dealer's. In the

service he offers, as in the products he sells, he knows it's performance that counts!

Phillips Petroleum Company Stop atTty/Z/fis 66 Steffo/tsfir

HOSPITALITY ON THE HIGHWAY "SHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE"NUMBER 5 OF A SERIES:

ALL TOGETHER NOW: JBjt "HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY"

The second Sunday in May is a very special day along with Social Security and other funds available,... for the family as well as Mom. It's another will cover the essential living expenses for your famchance to have fun together... the family "dothings- ily while the children are growing up... as welltogether"way.

as ready cash to pay off any emergency debts. You can assure "Mom"a succession of "happy

Mother's Days"... free from the pressure of unpaid How much Beneficial Life insurance is enough?

bills, and worry about how to take care of a growing Your friendly Beneficial agent can best answer thatfamily. How?

question—in terms of your income, family size, and

With BeneficiaXs Family Income Plan. future needs. It will probably cost less than you

This unique plan provides a steady income which, think. Let him advise you soon.

Write today for BENEFICIAL UEE more information about ttMubance

FAMILY INCOME PLAN David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah