V.r *,:;;;

pgs

..,.:'......"

"*;-*ij..

SEE PAGE 578 OCTOBER, 1938 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

One day Rev. Kelly heard me

... mash a thumb

oil startsHere I am reaching up trying to get erend Kelly—unless your

a drain plug to turn loose when flowin'like a bat outa—outa—well,

WHAM...!!XXX**?!! flowin'fast.

Then I turned around and saw "And Rev'rend, I bet a lotta nickhim! els and dimes that used to go for

"I—I was just thinking about thirty or thirtyfive cent oil get put

today's stop -and -go driving,"I in the collection plate now. This

said, flabbergasted. Golden Shell is only a quarter."

"Must be terrible"said Rev. (That one just flashed into my

Kelly, not smilin'. mind.)

"Yessir, Rev'rend,"I chatter on. "Well, Bill (he calls me Bill alEvery time a car stops and gets ways). You've helped me with that

cold, the oil all drains off the movin'information—maybe I can help

parts. Then you start the engine you."

and cause a lot of wear. So I promised to go to prayer

"Unless, Mister... I mean Revmeetin'next Wednesday night.

Sincerely,

6fa&- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

THE BUDGET SHOPS

In answer to the ever increasing demand for fashions of finer quality and smarter styling at lower prices, we present three modern, exquisitely appointed street floor

shops, superbly stocked with authentic new clothes.

Shoes -$4.95 and $5.95

Hats $2.00 and $3.00

Dresses $6.88 and $9.88

Be among the thrifty fashionwise women to take

advantage of the unusual value opportunities offered to

freshen up your wardrobe. For little extra fashion for

college or business wear the Main Floor Budget Shops

are unexcelled. Make them your shopping habit.

ZCMI Fashion Center of the West

OolDJUL JOwiV—

Which Vitamin aids vision and improves night driving? Page 581/MmprouemenMEra

"The Glory of God is Intelligence"In what dramatic performance the

OCTOBER, 1938 Heber J. Grant, pate?Tabernacle choir will particiPage 583

A. Widtsoe,

tested tithing 10 John law the of has 41 How NUMBERVOLUME Editors ability the to of handle men L. Evans, Richard wealth? Page 585 Managing Editor CHURCH'VTHE VOICE OF THE

is C. attitude Josephson, the Marba of the Church What

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editor toward modern science?- Page 586

Morris, General George ASSOCIATIONS, DEPART- Q.MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Mgr. What it means to "accept all truth?"Cannon, Mgr. Associate Lucy G. COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSICMENT OF WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH T. K. Orton, Business Mgr. Page 588

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. What were the highlights of J.

Golden Kimball's life and what part humor played in it?. Page 590

JobisL d(L ConbmiL What John Wyclif did to incur the disapproval of the Medieval JhsL jdii&iL fijcbcfSL Church? Page 591

A Guide to Unselfishness Heber J. Grant 585 Whatappearwritingsin thisof Harrisonissue? R. PageMerrill592

Of what significance is the National

QhlAAxJfL 3>8JOhlhSL6u Food and Drug Act of 1936?

Evidences and Reconciliations J. A. W. 586 Page 595

community What rechas made all all Truth.... of The Articles of Faith—XIV The Acceptance reation its business? Page 596 588 Widtsoe A,.John

may How from buckskin be made Richards 590 Claude Kimball C. Golden

hides? deer Page 600...George 598 D* Pyper Story J.The of Our Hymns

What is the meaning of "Rooting Missionary 580 Classification of Books, AuPacific Ocean the Peg"? Page 604 622 relia Bennion Tabernacle Choir to Dramatize

"Elijah"583 Concerning Photographs for Who is the new head of the misPublication 622 sion in home Salt Lake City? Church Moves The On 606 623 606 Page 613 Music CompilationsNew Men AdultsM the was 623 Why European Mission...624 Explorers Priesthood: 614 Melchizedek

office closed? Page 606.624 Reports 618 Aaronic Denmark

Ward Teaching 620 Field Photos 625 What is recommended for PriestGenealogical Society 621 Mormon Youth Program hood Union Meetings Page 614

Mutual Messages: Executives..622 Praised 626 What antinarcotic laws are now in

SpQCJoL J>&JCdWlSL6u force? Page 615

What are the possibilities of alcoThe Protestors of Christendom—Part VIII hol's producing insanity?. Page 616

591 L. Barker Great John Wyclif—The Schism—James What Teachstakes lead in Ward Merrill 594 Meteorite Holes R, Harrison and Trees Rock ing? 620 page 595 Elmer Christensen a Better Food Supply M. Toward

Whose Business is Recreation? Juanita Brooks 596 What new Y. M. M. I. A. board

The Making of Buckskin Clothing David H, Mann 600 members have been selected?Page 622 Rooting the Peg B. T. Higgs 604

He Traded Knives with a Millionaire Harrison R. Merrill 610

Exploring the Universe, F. S. Here's How 611 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Harris, Jr 581 On the Book Rack 612 50 North Main Street. Salt Lake City, Utah

Birthto Advertisers Index 634 Remembering Homing: Copyright 1938, the by Young Men's Mutual Craig and Ours 640 days, Laura 611 Your Page Improvement Association Corporation the of

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

fcdibfoiahu Alla year,rightsin reserved.advance; 20cSubscriptionSingle Copy.price, $2.00

at Entered the Office. Post Salt City, Lake

Utah, as secondclass First matter. Presidency General 608 Conference for Acceptance

mailing at special rate of postage provided Kimball A. Golden 608 Widtsoe John for in J, section 1103. of Act October, 1917

2, 1918. July Merrill R. 608 authorized Harrison A* Widtsoe John The is Improvement Era not responsible

for unsolicited Celebrities manuscripts, L. Richard 609 Endorsing but Evans These conwelcomes

tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied 'Earth That Earth Cannot Heal"Hath sufficient No Sorrow by for postage delivery return. and

Marba C. Josephson 609

NATIONAL ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES Jjudti&n, fljosrfAy, (fjwAAw&ucL (PjujjIsl Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

A Matter of Principle Harrison R. Merrill 592 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

T. Hopewell & Co., New York

Powers E. J. & Co., Chicago Beckoning F. Best, Detroit Silent MusicRoads—Chapter 9... Dorothy..CharlesC. RobinsonJosie 599602 GeorgeHil.

Frontispiece: Work of the Youth, Grace Brennan 621

Hands, Frances Hall.584 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....638 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Poetry Page 605 CIRCULATIONS JJul Qdv&a. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

T HIShomestudyat eventide."by Lionel Green symbolizes the Fall of the year when "all things turn MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Preserve the Plentiful for Next Fruits Now Winter They'll taste delicious and please the whole family then!

Nature has given us a bounteous supply. Preserve them and

save money.

Take advantage now of one of the finest crops grown in years.

Use a Domestic Sugar It is pure, extrafine, quickdissolving and unsurpassed for every use.

It is grown and refined on western farms and gives employment in your community.

You help your neighbor while helping yourself.

HE'S HELPING TO CREATE AMERICAN WEALTH INTERMOUNTAIN Farmers say sugar beets are one of the most profitable crops to grow because they yield more per acre. Many civic benefits result in commuBEET SUGAR COMPANIES

nities where sugar beets are grown.

Buy HomeRefined Beet Sugar in 1001b Bags and Save!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

PACIFIC

LD.S. TRAINING OCEAN Take life easy

PAYS! MISSIONARY

recent four are of our Here of of bers successful students—mem-L. D. S. a fter eightythree crossings with truly a host

College found ** have Ocean this of the Pacific alumni—whoopportunities for those there ARE who thatare seems appropriate designation qualified: thoroughly

for Elder Ben B. Alward. automatic heat

Anna Veibell, left, of many, Elder B. B. Alward

Cornish, Utah, has the by has to be known come excellent bookan of By designation "Paunusual position. She keeping

says, "The because D. S. cific Missionary"Ocean

Business CollegeL. years of intermittwenty of his advantthe gave me

age of personal sutent travel across this ocean, the friendly pervision, a largest of the seven seas. associates, and

stimulating a t m o s- Having worked in various phere."capacities on all the largest passenger steamers plying between

California or Canada and Australia via the islands of the Pacific and New Zealand, Elder Alward has had numerous opporMarjorie Beard, right. tunities to meet and explain the

to of facts of real "Mormonism"West graduate a attractive this of advantage Take is School, High passengers, of hundreds a many.. Salt in preoffer stenographer be. and moneysaving

miles of a million is threequarters City. Here Lake weather. need for cold You pared D. L. of opinion her land being sea on and of travel amount down a small pay only think S.: "I do not

credited to him. busanother there nothing more until November—and

the with schoolis iness times, terms. as a firstworking monthly then convenient At perfriendly, same he... waiter or class room steward, spirit. The sonal

that associations excellent opportunity I has had an with teachers made people to meet will many whom the schoolmates and dear be Only GAS heat rest of myto melife."for the averagereach. missionaryHis approachis unableis madeto

easy by the fact that his observance of the Word of Wisdom brings you all gives him an opportunity to reRalph Trane, left, of fuse the liquor and tobacco which

Lehi, Utah, offered frequently a are a bookkeeper is innow him by pasthese advantages this designation, In city. sengers. a Thus nearby

letter Septemdated first Claw- A. voiced by Thomas says, 11, 1938, he ber the No fuel deliveries or storage of formerly son, bishop time, get 'T didn't

leaving before Lake, to tell you howSalt Eighteenth Ward, Ensign Stake, space fittingly is applied. I very appreciated much fuel handling No

the L. D. attending is a only Elder Alward Not College. Business tending furnace No of the to missionary I nonmembers recomwould S....

school to the mend the asset to an but he is Church ashes, clinkers, soot or No a wanting anyone is missionary on his way who new business education."smoke

is field mission to the and who usually making his first ocean Fuel of uniform quality valuable informaMuch.............::: voyage. Fuel of uniform price assistance on shipboard tion and

life these are routine given and right, Barlow, Paul delightfully your warm house Keep of they have Elders Bountiful, and Utah, a traveling near going all ever without winter of Davis graduate greatly benefited such by been of is kind Isn't that the also furnace! School, the High

for Also, parknowledge. bookkeeper. Here many a enjoy? would service you heating

L. is D. to tribute his ents concerned been have this offers who fuel that is the Gas ONLY S.: business- "The

. to get as muchneed-.. the some like of the to how convenience ONLY superb spirit

school, the plus that's truly automatic. their fuel clothing And or to a ed package

friendliness of teachis surprisingly the cost low. fields the of mission in one son stufellow ers and

dents, helped me information for in complete of the most make to call. for representative opportunities at the a myto gladly"down beenunder,"theEldergood AlwardSamaritan.has orComephone

College."The favors and courtesies he has

extended to Elders and Saints in field, their the parents to or

Register profitable winter. for a You, now friends, MOUNTAIN FUEL are too numerous to mentoo, will S. you L. D. be glad attended

tion. SUPPLY COMPANY privhas been Ben Alward

Wasatch 1300 South State L. D. S. BUSINESS ileged to of 36 people meet many Salt Lake City

distinction during his travels, inCOLLEGE

Day and Evening All the Year cluding such famous personalities Serving 21 Utah Communities {Concluded on page 610) lAnivQJibJL thsL%S JR.TRfxbfountLm W ByR ppFRANKLINAMK[ TNI S.C HARRIS,HARPT

TlfluscLES and other parts of the body T ack of vitamin A and kidney stones * order the food they need by reguseem to go together, though lack lating the amount of blood supply they of the vitamin is apparently not the receive from moment to moment. Incause. It seems the same defect which

crease in the waste products from using prevents assimilation of the vitamin the muscles, especially carbon dioxide, has something to do with the formaresults in wider opening of the local tion of the stones. Vitamin A is helpblood vessels, letting more blood reach ful in easing eye strain and fatigue,

the place where it is needed. and helping to prevent nightblind-

4 ness. Capsules of carotenein-oil thrice

HThat gasoline mileage can be greatly dailydoing givenworkto requiringWestinghouseclose employeesattention, increased by observing a few simimproved the efficiency of colorple driving rules is shown graphically matching inspectors by 75 per cent test in mile a course 10 over a by Desmarting and headaches reduced in and too inspection police had troit using the car and same same vitamin eyes. makes body The A from century third to second the period /Greece"traffic. trip with through route One oil. lightsensitive substance the The seal found terracotta has been B. C. A as the speed keepthrough watchword, is purple, in eye, visual decomposed the in marketthe Athenian old excavating limit, ing the mile within speed 30 only seeing of can the in process and Inspector Police the place with name all giving gears, using minutes, took 39 vitamin A. rebuilt the in of presence be Xenokles. gallon. miles the 8.5 using per Then glaring headlights nightblindness, In

best driving practices such as coasting cause temporary blindness lasting apin neutral, starting up to stoplights lengths of time, causing many is epilepsy preciable for a in HPhere new relief accelerating second slowly and took 44 accidents. is in successful twothirds which gallon. minutes 1 7 miles with per

of the cases by either preventing the seizures or reducing the frequency, 'T'hree British experimenters have "\yt7iTH normal men brief violent exwithout harmful effects being noticed. found they could shorten and

vv ercise sends about 20 per cent of The drug, diphenyl hydantoin, was cheapen haymaking, giving a superior the water in the blood plasma into the selected to try on patients after sysproduct by drying with hot air. A 5

tissues. The return of the volume of tematically testing 100 drugs on cats horsepower motor blows the air

the blood to resting level is rapid at having fits or convulsions like those of through the new cut grass, piled around first but requires about an hour. epilepsy. a wooden duct.

QUICK STEPS4

Look how easy it is for you to make the Unit Complexion Mask at home: *Simply mix three tablespoons of Linit (the same Unit so

popular for the Bath) and one teaspoon of Cold Cream with enough milk to make a nice, firm consistency. Apply it to the cleansed face

and neck and relax during the twenty minutes the mask takes to set.

Then rinse off with clear, tepid water and pat the face and neck dry.

,71 \ 2nd STEP Applying Takes a Minute frd *e,H. v P.<v?o/-/>.It***\o9

*i.">ut,es IT'S NEW!

LINIT ALLPURPOSE POWDER Why not try Linit for every member of the B8ttBODY Complexion Mask difDelightfully family. NOW? 4th STEP > K&& IT TODAY! ferent. TRY

Off Completely sell Linit Rinsing All grocers

Make These Things Part of Your Permanent Library.

STL Com Gffiers a year of greater features that no home may well be without—

Among Them:

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS. Many TOBACCO AND GOOD MANNERS, by Ira N.

questions confront our youth in the course of an Hayward.

average day. Beginning this month, and continuing An engaging historical and common sense apat intervals throughout the year, the authoritative proach to an aggravating problem, showing how

Gospel interpretation of these questions will appear regard for the finer courtesies seems to have dein the pages of the Improvement Era. clined with the nicotinizafion of mankind. You've

Don't miss this permanent contribution to Church heard of the rights of the smoker—now read

literature. about the rights of the nonsmoker. Both the auPROBABILITY, by Dr. Harvey C. Fletcher, Director thor's style and his approach to the question will

of Physical Research, Bell Laboratories and Presiintrigue smokers and nonsmokers alike.

dent of New York Stake. UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS, by Claire

We have all seen people who obeyed specific W. Noall.

commandments of the Lord and who did not seem They went, these women of the frontiers, before specific for obediblessings promised receive the to and admitting generally women colleges were—

is gives Dr. Fletcher the explanation? ence. What peosuffering to their from back relief brought they

his views in an early issue. ple. The author has made a thrilling series of these

THE NATIVE BLOOD, by Albert R. Lyman. Antrue stories.

other serial story comes from out of the southwest

THE EDITOR'S PAGE. The monthly messages from

by the author of the Outlaw of Navajo Mountain.

Read it in the pages of the Era beginning in NovemPresident Grant and Dr. Widtsoe will continue.

ber.

1 1 tana Kyther (yea tares equally significant and

IN ADDITION the Era will continue to inform the membership of the

Church on matters of doctrine, policies, official announcements, Priesthood and welfare instructions, music, books, genealogy, M. I. A., ward

teaching, etc.

Subscribe for and read the IMPROVEMENT ERA—most widely

circulated periodical in the history of the Church.

THE ERA TELLS THE CHURCH ABOUT THE CHURCH

The ChurchMoves On—

and the ERA Tells the Story.

Rollin Pease, celebrated "Elijah"baridents of the Salt Lake City area, and tone, will be one of the soloists. This has the endorsement of both Church

community event is being presented for and nonChurch groups as a civic unfair and conference visitors and residertaking of unusual character.

AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO.

Seventh Floor McComick Building SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Purchasers of Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore

Address correspondence CHld Smelter Products as follows:

Consign all ore shipments to:

American Smelting American Smelting and Refining Company & Refining Co. Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah

TABERNACLE CHOIR 700 McCornick Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant,

TO DRAMATIZE "ELIJAH"Building Garfield, Utah "Oreconference attraction given * support of First Presidency and civic and business groups; to include

chorus, orchestra, dancing groups, and dramatic artists.

Outstanding conference week feature of the year promises to be the dramatization of Mendelssohn's "Elijah,"fully costumed, with the Tabernacle Choir, a fifty piece symphony orchestra, dancers, and dramatic artists.

The presentation is scheduled for the

Salt Lake Tabernacle on three evenings of conference week, Wednesday,

Thursday, and Friday, October 5, 6, and 7. Tickets will be priced at 50c

for general admission, and $1.00 for a

limited number of reserved seats.

Tickets are available through the bishops of wards throughout the Church,and visitors coming to Salt Lake City THERE ARE NO "ORPHANS"for conference are urged to procure their tickets beforehand to avoid disappointments and confusion. In the "CATERPILLAR"LINE

For Salt Lake City civic and business groups and for other patrons, general Regardless of their age, there are no ticket offices are being opened at convenient points in downtown Salt Lake. "orphan"machines in the "Caterpillar"

in the annals of intermounUnique line. Parts are available for all machines

tain productions, verthis dramatized sion of the "Elijah"promises to be one built by "Caterpillar"or its predecessor of the most colorful and significant undertakings since the centennial companies. And service men equipped

pageant of 1 930. More than 600 people

will be involved in the production, inwith special tools and thoroughly familiar cluding the choir, a 50 piece symphony with "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, tracksoloists,orchestra, dancers, and dramatic artists. A huge tabernacle stage type Tractors and Road Machinery are

on three levels is being constructed, with special lighting effects. always available, awaiting your call.

General arrangements are going forward under the direction of Lester F.

Hewlett, choir president. ). Spencer

Cornwall, director, has been rehearsing the music with the choir for the past Distributors ofyear and a half. W. O. Robinson,

Field Secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A., "CATERPILLAR"

is directing the cast stagdramatic and

Diesel Engines ing. Dr. Frank Tabernacle W. Asper, TrackType

isorganist, of in instrumental charge

Machinery Tractors TRACTORLANDES& MACHINERY CO. Road ismusic. business manJack Thomas

ager. Shipley D. Burton and James M.

Kirkham are in charge of advertising and programs. Wade N. Stephens will Headquarters - 245 West South Temple. Salt Lake City

assist with organ accompaniments.

(jJohL oft, thsL dixwudA,

By FRANCES HALL

MADE this thing:

Between my palms I felt it malleable,

Warm with my body's warmth,

Soft to my thumb's slow kiss,

Yet strong with a stubborn substance value of its

own.

PUCKER your brow and say,

'What can you use it for?"

Mock it or praise it or smile politely,

This thing is mine.

My heart beat harder making it;

My pulse goes faster knowing it is done.

MAN WITH THE PICK, BY MAHONRI YOUNG.

Courtesy of Metropolitan Museum of Art

a\ThE EDITOR'S PAGE

(L iJuddsL Jo lAnAsdQL&hnsiAA,

At that point at which a man's tithing stops, there probably is the point beyond which he cannot stand prosperity without becoming subject

TO GREED.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

CALL to mind a man who with his family emigrated your debts before you pay any tithing."I said: "I

to this country through the assistance rendered by do not believe I will ever live long enough to pay my not put myself with do and honest God I am not blessings."entitles to His that me I theenoughPerpetualmoneyEmigrationto come hereFund.otherwise.He did notAfterhavehe debtsin the ifattitude

had been here a short time the ward teachers called on This man who would not give a donation although him for a donation, and he made an abject apology. He abundantly able to do so, finally apostatized from the

said: "My heart is with you; I wish to the Lord I could Church, and so also did nearly all of his family that

help you. I would gladly do it, but I simply cannot do he brought with him to Utah. He probably would have

it! I am a poor man."been a poor man in the old country but for the missionaries of the Church and the help of the Perpetual Emirolled wealthy. he same and on The became Years here, he and him brought gration Gospel Fund. The

for called donation teachers identical again a him on his lost financially, but he to wealthy a be man grew his to attention called he refused. what he and They faith, their because lost his faith, family of most and

I replied: then before, "Yes, years said he and had this of things world their the set hearts too they on

I spirit desire; you; to help with the was wanted had my the of things of instead God.

I I the did the means. not have you, but have Today

I it the is average that man believe acknowledged desire."the but not means, I have his tiptoes is and to stand on capacity with a born

There are any number of people in exactly that conreach out just as far as he can to gather in all that he dition. I know people of my own personal acquaintcan get and hold it tight; but it requires a great deal of

ance that were honest, conscientious tithepayers when exertion to open the arms and give out something.

they were making three thousand, four thousand, five Now we are giving away several millions of dollars a thousand, six thousand a year; and when, in the proviyear of our time and money in proclaiming the Gospel.

dences of the Lord, they made ten thousand or twenty In addition to that, the Latterday Saints give to the thousand, they never grew an inch above that $600.00 Church ten per cent of all they make. They also con-

a year tithing. They were just like grandfather's clock, tribute of their means for the erection of meetinghouses;

stopped, never to go again. they contribute for the support of the poor, for the erecas buildings, well tion as of school stake houses and the matter? distorted Prosperity their was What schools, they of for the and maintenance our Church vision. see they could giving the what were They erection for of millions dollars of the contributed have

I but not Lord, the given them. what Lord had know

is for the perin vicarious labor temples, dead which tithing. one in paid a $600.00 Being year the man who of tenderest the part that seeing the formed. Now, business banking available financial statehaving and particularly of variety the the anatomy, of male human

I little people, of ments that a many he knew made is will that sure species, pocket, the no be you man may that year, than instead the of more $45,000 $6000.00

is fully unless Saint ever Latterday conhe a become

If tithing his indicated. which he $45,000.00 and made is is tithes verted, that the of honest and payment why left? tithing, paid $4,500.00 what he would have Over spiritual faith reliable conone guide to man's a and

If his vision right heart the $40,000.00. he had

dition. burst for almost gratitude should the have to with God

I life this alone, in firm that believer without a am difference, rather the tithing of dwell than upon amount his next, into the nearly gets going every compenman to paid. originally, be the paid he $600.00 what When in dollars, that for sation only does, not anything he

left? did he the $5,400.00. have he made, more The

dollars. in far something but more valuable than As it easier tithing. his to should no, been have pay But

all right; his will will long as a be duty he do man set his heart he accumulating money. on

selfish, will being get furthermore which he over and

How many of his children are laboring for the Church one of the world's great needs. The Lord does notis

today? To my knowledge, but one of them. Th<* best need your tithing, as far as He is concerned, but you

example in the world to set our children is to be honest need it for your growth, spiritually and temporally, that with God ourselves. I had men come to me when the windows of heaven may be opened and the Spirit

I was ruined financially, and say: "You should pay of the living God given to you.

Evidences and reconciliations

ttidtu to J>aiipL jltl cl wiodsUitL daif

i. is the attitude of the church toward President Joseph F. Smith made similar stateWhatScience? ments: "We believe in all truth, no matter to what

subject it may refer. No sect or religious denomiThisswered.question, frequently asked, is readily annationtruth thatin thewe worlddo notpossessesaccept ora thatsingleweprinciplewill reject.of

The Church, the custodian of the Gospel We are willing to receive all truth, from whatever on earth, looks with full favor upon the attempts source it may come; for truth will stand, truth will

of men to search out the facts and laws of nature. endure.... True science is that system of reasonIt believes that men of science, seekers after truth, ing which brings to the fore the simple, plain truth."

are often assisted by the spirit of the Lord in such ( Gospel Doctrine, pp. 1,6.)

researches, indeed, whenever they appeal to the The common objective of the Gospel and science

Lord for help. It holds further that every scientific makes necessary the above attitude of the Church

discovery may be incorporated into the Gospel, and towards science. The objective of the Gospel is

that, therefore, there can be no conflict between the possession of truth—all truth. Science has the

true religion and correct science. The Church same objective. However, science has been conteaches that the laws of nature are but the immuttent, until recently, to study the material universe,

able laws of the Creator of the universe. and to leave its findings without reference to their

This view has been held consistently by the possible effect upon human conduct. The Gospel

Latterday Saints from the organization of the on the other hand is primarily concerned with the

Church. A revelation given to the Prophet Joseph manner in which truth is used in the spiritual field,

Smith in 1832, when science was yet in its swadthat is, with human conduct. For example, science

dling clothes, declares, "And I give unto you a has discovered explosives of great power, and has commandment that you shall teach one another the shown how by their use rocks may be shattered or doctrine of the kingdom. Teach ye diligently and projectiles shot through the air, and has left this

my grace shall attend you, that you may be inknowledge without comment as to its proper use.

structed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in The Gospel teaches that this new power be not doctrine, in the law of the Gospel, in all things that used in warfare, for wars are evil, but that it be pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are exused in the peaceful arts of man. The Gospel deals

pedient for you to understand; of things both in with right and wrong; science as yet has scarcely

heaven and in the earth, and under the earth; things touched this field. The Gospel accepts God as the

which have been, things which are, things which author of all knowledge; science gathers facts and

must shortly come to pass; things which are at tries to interpret them, without reference to a Suhome, things which are abroad; the wars and the preme Being. In short, the Gospel is the more inperplexities of the nations, and the judgments which clusive; presentday science, less inclusive. In the

are on the land; and a knowledge also of counend, the two must become as one, for their common

tries and of kingdoms—And as all have not faith, objective is truth.

seek ye diligently and teach one another words of Likewise, the Church holds the methods and wisdom; yea seek ye out of the best books words means used by science to discover truth to be

of wisdom; seek learning even by study and also legitimate. Indeed, all instruments and means deby faith."(Doctrine and Covenants, Section 88, veloped for the exploration of nature are welcomed.

Verses 77, 78, 79, and 118.) The Church claims the right to employ, in addition,

President Brigham Young frequently expressed such processes as are peculiarly fitted to its search support of the labors of men of science. For exfor truth in the spiritual domain, which in turn may

ample, in one of his sermons he said: "I am not become tools in the advancement of a future science

astonished that infidelity prevails to a great extent freed from its present material anchorage.

among the inhabitants of the earth, for the religious teachers of the people advance many ideas and noIn this wholehearted acceptance of science the tions for truth which are in opposition to and Church makes, as must every sane thinker, two contradict facts demonstrated by science, and which reservations are generally understood—In these respects we First, the facts which are the building blocks of

differ from the Christian world, for our religion will science must be honestly and accurately observed.

not clash with or contradict the facts of science in In science, as in every human activity, dishonesty, any particular."(Discourses of Brigham Young, carelessness, or aberrations of senses or mind may

pp. 397, 398.) be encountered. The Church expects science to pre586

sent accurately observed and fully corroborated comes the growth of science. It asks only that

facts. Loose methods of study are not acceptable. the facts of science be as accurately determined as

Indeed, the vast body of scientific facts has been so human powers permit, and that confusion between carefully garnered that it may in the main be acfacts of science and inferences of science be earncepted without question. estly avoided.

Second, the interpretations of observed facts must "The religion of the Latterday Saints is not hosbe distinctly labeled as inferences, and not confused tile to any truth, nor to scientific search for truth."

with facts. The human mind properly attempts to "That which is demonstrated, we accept with joy,"

explain or interpret the phenomena of nature, the said the First Presidency in their Christmas greetfacts of observation. A pencil looks bent in a glass ing to the Saints. "But vain philosophy, human

of water. Why? asks the eager thinking mind. theory, and mere speculations of men we do not

The sun rises in the East and sets in the West. accept, nor do we adopt anything contrary to diWhy? Does the sun move around the earth, or vine revelation or to good common sense, but

does the earth revolve upon its axis, to give the efeverything that tends to right conduct, that harfect of day and night? Such explanations or inmonizes with sound morality and increases faith

terpretations, really inferences, often called hyin Deity, finds favor with us, no matter where it potheses or theories, do not have the certain value may be found. ( Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine,

of facts, for they usually change as new facts are p. 48.)—J. A. W.

brought forward. For example, with the knowledge at his command, Newton advanced the theory

that light consists of particles; later, Young exII.

plained the phenomena of light as forms of wave motion; today, with increasing knowledge both of Tn the event of the death of the President

these theories are questioned, and another one is in of the Church, the Council of Twelve the making. Meanwhile, the phenomena of light Apostles takes over the Presidency of the

remain unchanged; they are the same today as in Church. Does this Council possess the

the time of Newton. Occasionally, but seldom, an necessary power? Can this practice be coninference such as the cause of night and day, befirmed BY REVELATION?

so well discovered supportedcomes by is yes. to both questions answer facts, that The

the dignity of it assumes a fact. Most inferences, equal in quorum, "form a Apostles Twelve The

however, are in a condition of constant change, due authority and power"to the First Presidency.

to the continuing accumulation of new knowledge. (Doctrine and Covenants 107:23, 24.)

Dr. Albert Einstein, author of the relativity This doctrine was amplified in a revelation contheory, speaks of scientists as men who seek solucerning the Twelve Apostles

tions of the mysteries in the book of nature. ( The

Evolution of Physics, Einstein and Infeld, pp. 1, who"Forareuntoappointedyou, thewithTwelve,you toandbe those,your thecounselorsFirst Presidency,and your

5.) He insists that nature's mystery story is not leaders, is the power of this priesthood given, for the last

only still unsolved but may not have a final solution. days and for the last time, in the which is the dispensation

All that man can do is to collect facts, arrange them of the fulness of times. Which power you hold, in connecin an orderly fashion, and then to 1 make them untiontime withfrom allthe thosebeginningwho haveof the receivedcreation;a fordispensationverily I sayat untoany derstandable by "creative thought"—that is, by the you, the keys of the dispensation, which ye have received,

formulation of inferences, explanations, interprehave come down from the fathers, and last of all, being sent tations, hypotheses or theories, whatever the down from heaven unto you."(Doctrine and Covenants

name may be. 112:3032.)

Only in this particular do Latterday Saints, in This authority of the quorum of the Twelve common with all thinkers, sound a warning to Apostles was frequently referred to by the Prophet science. There must be a distinct segregation of facts Joseph Smith. He said: "I next proceeded to

and inferences in the utterances of scientific men. explain the duty of the Twelve, and their authority

Readers of science should always keep this differwhich is next to the present presidency. (Docuence in mind. Even wellestablished inferences mentary History of the Church, 2:373.) Later he

should not lose their inferential label. The facts said: "The time had come when the Twelve should

discovered by an eminent investigator may be safely be called upon to stand in their place next to the accepted; his explanations may be of doubtful First Presidency."(Times and Seasons, 2:521.)

value. He also'said to the Twelve Apostles: "Now, if

It is within recent months that Millikan and they kill me, you have all the keys, and all the

Compton, both Nobel prize winners, held widely ordinances, and you can confer them upon others, differing explanations of the nature of "cosmic and the hosts of Satan will not be able to tear down rays". And, within the year, also, the discovery the Kingdom as fast as you will be able to build it

of the skull of a prehistoric ape with a set of humanup; and upon your shoulders will the responsibility

like teeth has overthrown the inferences that teeth of leading this people rest."( Times and Seasons,

are always true indications of the place of a fossil in 5:651.)

the evolutionary scale. With respect to this latter The Counselors in the Presidency lose their prematter, there was pathos in the remark of the fasiding authority when the President of the Church

mous anthropologist, Sir Arthur Keith, that "this dies. In the words of the Prophet: "The Twelve

discovery has destroyed the finer points we anthroare not subject to any other than the First Presipologists depend on for drawing the line between dency, and where I am not, there is no First anthropoid and man."Presidency over the Twelve."( Documentary HisIn summary: The Church supports and weltory of the Church, 2:374. )—/. A. W.

The articles of faith xiv. JhiL CkcapianoL oft.

all knowledge. All knowledge is

drawn by man out of the inexhaustOtlJjudL ible fountain of truth. The plan of

salvation, coming out of the unseen

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE world,for the usesaccomplishmentall knowledgeof asits toolspurOf the Council of the Twelve poses. The Gospel rises above every

manmade division of truth, for it embraces, frankly, all truth, and

CONCLUSION placesto the wholeeverysystemfact inofitstruth.relationship

(Read the Thirteenth Article Truth does not come unbidden. It

of Faith must be desired, sought for, toiled for. It comes as a reward of effort.

truth, theredesired Smith practice doctrine of Joseph andEvery for prayer, the place out fore sought of Christ, as the Gospel Jesus in which he received his first understood by the Latterday heavenly manifestation. There he

Saints, may be summarized in one also fought off bravely the powers of "word Truth. The definition of this darkness. His true followers, every

mighty word is found in latterday one, have desired truth before findis revelations: "Truth knowledge it earnestly ing it. sought and They

are, of things as they and willing to price for it pay the as they were were and as they are to come.''The works of sacrifice. Truth becomesin

of description comprehensive most priceless to those strong only whose is a "God God Himself is that He effort given earnest desire and have truth."of Truth is the most sacred word of which the Prophet declares: "I the right to claim it.

the Church. It is the beginning and combat the errors of ages; I meet the Moreover, it is not enough to find

the end of the divine plan of salvaviolence of mobs; I cope with illegal truth today, it must be sought for

tion for mankind. It "abides forproceedings from executive authortomorrow. There must be daily acever."By the acceptance of truth ity; I cut the gordian knot of powers, cessions to our store of knowledge.

man may rise to divine likeness; by and I solve mathematical problems Really, to know the Gospel, which

all truth, we must be steadrefusing truth he falls to the depths of the universities, with truth—diaembraces

endlessly, in acquiring engaged evil. shall of the truth, mond is my 'right'ily, know "Ye truth; "and God in securing truth knowledge, and in free."shall the truth hand man.'and you make

To exchange error for truth is the Likewise, Brigham Young on inusing it in life. The search for truth

call of Mormonism. The greatness numerable occasions declared truth must become the most vital issue of

of any system devised for human to be the foundation, superstruchuman life. In fact, to live the Gosgood may be measured by the truth ture, and covering of the Church, as pel really means to be constantly

that it possesses. in the following: "Our religion is engaged in the search and practice

It was in search of truth that Josimply truth. It is all said in this of truth. One must grow and increase in truth. seph Smith went into the woods to expression—it embraces all truth,

pray, and there received his first wherever found, in all the works of also a readiness be on must that are visible or inHHhere glorious the first man God and vision—historically, the part of seeker to accept every to visible the mortal in eye."event the latterday restoration

of the Gospel. Every person who, Every truth is comprehended in truth when found. That seems

since that time, has garnered faith the divine plan of salvation. Every sometimes exceedingly difficult.

in the restored Church of God has fact of science or principle of conThere must be no resistance because gone out to find truth, and has reduct has a place in the Gospel systruth clashes with our traditions or ceived a witness of the truth, suffitem. There is no exception. Truth established opinions. Courage must

cient to know, without doubt, that cannot be classified as of different be found to accept and cherish truth the Church of Christ has been reorders, since all truths together form though it sever human ties, break stored in this day with knowledge, the great truth. The disciplines of friendships, or lead to persecution.

authority, and power to bring joy to man occupy fields usually well cirIf truth has any value, it is worth mankind. cumscribed, such as chemistry, geolany price it may require for its posJoseph Smith, as all his successors ogy, anthropology, and other session. One is not a truthseeker

in office, rested his ministry upon sciences, which touch one another who is not ready at all times to acthe possession of truth. When for lightly. Nevertheless, all truth is cept and practice new, accredited

example, James Arlington Bennett, won in essentially the same manner truth. Whoever is ready for truth,

cost, a at recompense, finds a any enof his natural use in the trying man's days of Nauvoo 1843,—by

in in life obtainable joy no other way. faculties letter of offering the a sympathetic dowments,wrote common

himself as the Prophet's "righthand all men. This is recognized in However, truth must come fully

man,"a ringing reply was sent, in philosophy which attempts to cover accredited. That which man accepts

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

as truth must conform with all the of eternal exaltation. It must be so,

specifications of truth. Doubt must for truth includes all knowledge, virnot accompany the acceptance of tue, and goodness; and they who

truth. Above all, there must be no find and use truth have knowledge,

compromise with error. Every error are virtuous and good. They are a

must courageously be thrown overpower for good, which covers the board. In the words of Brigham earth as the gentle rays of the sun.

Young, "I will trade all the errors in the world for one truth."That HPhe Articles of Faith do not preis an obligation placed upon those tend to be a full exposition of! Gospel doctrine. At the best they butwho would claim the blessings that

flow from the search for truth. sketch the leading principles of the

restored Church of Christ. ThereTruth, as distinguished from erfore the last Article of Faith points

ror, is readily recognized. Truth out the allinclusiveness of the Goscomes in light; never in darkness. pel in terms of truth.

Truth is plain to the mind; it repreYet, throughout these Articles of

sents intelligence. That which mysARTICLES OF FAITH Faith runs one thread of thought

tifies is error. the Jesus Christ Church Truth or of is vague Of all doctrine has which been upon Latterday Saints ofbenefits permanently. and man, now in threaded: these That the Lord

1. believe in the God, Eternal We is to goodness whichThat opposed latter Father, the Christ, restored in His Son, Jesus has and days Gospel

to appealsor morality, in Ghost. which the and moHoly its purity, in divine of possessed aubelieve will 2. that punbe men We is to pleasure,mentary opposed ished sins, their for for not and own thority, cast again never to be down

transgression. Adam's is really error.truth and One who to or that given people; another believe that, through the AtoneWe truthloves deceived never need be all of Christ, be ment3. mankind may the accept those Gospel and who saved, obedience to the by laws and is final test error. always Theby ordinances Gospel. of the it, live shall find in exaltation the

4. first principles believe that the "If willavailable: do His any We man of that are the these kingdom God;: first, ordinances of are Gospel the and

will, of doctrine the he shall know in Christ Faith the Jesus Lord in last will days, the which Lord third, Repentance Baptism by; immersecond, I of or it be whether God,whether

; sion for fourth, the; sins remission rule of to again people His come and

speak of Myself."Laying on of hands for the gift of the to bring about the consummation of Ghost. Holy

truth implies possession of believe be that a must The man 5. We the Father's plan for human salvaof God, by the prophecy, by andthe not use of does it, else man tion. concalledlaying those by of hands, are on who

form to the Gospel plan. Unused administerin authorityin tothepreachordinancesthe Gospelthereof.and Joseph Smith by direct appeal to

truth ornamental, but of no 6. believe may be in organization the same We truth the witness of the secured Lord

that existed the in Primitive alive.real value. makes truth Use instruthe Church, of viz., Gospel and an became apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers,

etc. evangelists, is activityTherefore, in the Church in carrying divine the out purment 7. believe in gift the tongues, of Weenjoined all members. upon Honvisions, prophecy, revelation, healing, every pose men. So among man may

interpretation etc. of tongues,esty, chastity, service benevolence, to the of appeal an Lord Heavmake believe Bible the to the be word 8. We

is far virtues positive translated as coras it Godmust be made truth that the the assurance en with also believe the Book of Morwe lives. to buildare help human if Menthey of to; will be the But, manifest. of as God. with word rectlymon become

9. all believe rethat has God We in eagerlymust be "engaged a good Smith, so other every with Joseph all vealed, that does reveal, and now He

is, that truth,cause,"a cause of to believe that will yet reveal wa He many for divine the request favor man, great important things pertaining and In Saints. acceptablebe Latterday uttered to as to without doubt be the must of God. Kingdom

10. literal in believe gathering the earth,the We drones kingdom on of God reality of to His and power God of Israel in restoration of the the the and

It is to nothave enough no place. Tribes will Zion Ten be built upon to with a will speak man, and ready

this [the continent; that;American]that error truth;seek must engage men the divine mandate. to obey will Christ reign personally the upon

; it. earth and, It rewill that the earth bein battle is not vanquish and first his great Smith had Joseph its receive glory. newed paradisiacal

it to truth; possess beenough must claim privilege the of worshipvision. Weand the out of sacred came He

ing dicto 11.Almighty according the God to a with acasused which weapon certain the grove with knowledge tates of conscience, our allow and own

all the of the thecomplish Lord. privilege, purposes same men let them for that cares His and God lives where, or they may. what it, truth, finds seeks and worshipWhoever 12. believe in to like subject children. being in Every Wehow, man may

uses it, enters into partnership with trates,kings, inpresidents,obeying, rulers,honoring,andandmagissus- manner acquire such knowledge.

in perfecting himselfthe Lord an'd taining the law. in person Lord come The may not true, believe in being honest, 13. Wehis fellow men. the only That is truth, chaste, with benevolent, of virtuous, but dothe message by and in

all to indeed, ing good say men we may to certain happiness. For thatway the with Holy Spirit know man may follow the of admonition; we Paulreason, Saints Latterday hope and all all things, hope thatWe we certainty of the truth restored the

things, have things, endured believewe many all virtue, afterendure, seek after Gospel. to all able to and things. hope be endure

If there virtuous, is anything report praisethings of good and person Every on earth should rereport good lovely,we seekor All theseworthy. then will used of be after these Smith. peat Smith's to approach Joseph things.—Josephor praiseworthy,

in working out the eternal plan for God, in faith and humility. Every

man's joy. and uses it, becomes clothed in one should seek to know for himself

What is the lovely life? How beauty. Truthseeking, truthliving that the glorious doctrine of the Gosmay it be distinguished from other lives are the loveliest creations of pel, as partly set forth in the Articles

lives? The answer is simple enough. God. They who so live find an exof Faith, is of God. Everyone may

A life earnestly, eagerly desiring quisite joy in life; they bless humanhave by earnest desire and effort,

truth and seeking it, becomes atity by their labors; they are the true his own first vision of truth as the

tractive to others. A life that battles leaders of mankind. Unsung or Lord may deign to reveal it. Well

against error and its brood of evil, famous, such lives transform the may we pity the man who does not commands our admiration. A life world for good. It is for such lives know for himself that the Gospel

that, having found truth, accepts it that the Lord has reserved the gift is true.

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL

FRIEND and TEACHER

TlJlS WIT WAS A NATURAL BUT SECONDARY BENT

SPIRITUAL TEACHING WAS THE GREAT BURDEN

OF HIS LIFE'S MISSION.

By CLAUDE RICHARDS Author of the biography, "J. Golden Kimball."

Necessity brought this lad of fifteen ent of the logging camp and later summers face to face with the stern of a private lumber mill.

reality of earning bread for his In the summer of 1881 something mother's table. First, he worked out. happened to change once again the

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL Later, he secured a team of horses destiny of this unique character, then

and a wagon and went into the contwenty-eight years of age. A rather

bruptly the curtain came tracting business. The mother kept stout man of German accent, Dr.

down upon Jonathan Golden boarders and did sewing. But the Karl G. Maeser, came to that little

Kimball, and a kindly actor earnings of this widow and her son town of Meadowville to hold a meet-%Hwas swept from the mortal stage. were meagre. After eight years of ing. For one hour and a half

Many hearts were made heavy as struggle the family moved to Brother Maeser testified of God, the distressing news came from FalMeadowville, near Bear Lake, Idaho. made a plea for education, and

lon, Nevada, on Friday, the second "There was no house or improvespoke in the interest of the Brigham day of September, 1938, that Presiments, and we commenced a fight Young Academy (now Brigham

University). Young and Golden that day Kimball had Golden dent J. for life,"Golden. said "God

thrilled. (his brother) were a deskilled on by automobile been povElias fight with a hardJ. knows it was

ert highway. erty and terrible blizzards in winter. His words electrified their souls.

their night From that ambition was hearts, is in our sorrow that Though years had felt some we We kindled but for education not only not yet would even if three we winter we could, months and nine months for a greater as of knowledge God call tread the for back, he had him late fall. worked, we toiled We they comnext day The very years, fourscore earth and than more part well. early the strange and and late, laying plans. bemenced new They his, tired. the of it he That body discouraged. was got never was we to that see there gan something was tall, figure, bent spare and was to hadn't sense enough know ofWe life in for caring than more horses pain. eyes were His with wracked failed. Fifteen long had we when cattle. Dr. enlarged and Maeser had his feeble, step his dim, slow and sacrifice, of and years hard work

their vision their set ambition and on life slipping. Surely, hold on was final success."but

fire. {Continued 636) on page his life's over; his mission work was the here answered Golden While

entitled to well done. was He was A PICTURE RECENT call to to OF for volunteers FOUR go OCTOGENARIANS Logan

a change. AMONG THE AUTHORITIES GENERAL SHOWING logs out for the Logan canyon to get (LEFT) J. GOLDEN KIMBALL PRESIDENT WITH is at the loss there sadness But GRANT, HEBER PRESIDENT CLAWRUDGER superintendbecame of Temple. He

SON, S. RULON ANDJ. WELLS. genuine, so friend so so human, a

kind.

In briefest outline, we sketch the life of our friend Born in 1853, but a few paces from Temple Square in Salt Lake

City, he spent his childhood, boyhood years in Salt Lake Valley.

Heber C. Kimball, his illustrious father, tutored him, giving him special

training. He counted on this son,

later to become his secretary. Christeen Golden Kimball, his priceless

mother, cared for the baby and later guided the boy with a mother's love and watching. The public schools

and the Church lent a hand in the bringing up of this lad, with what scant schooling was here available in that day.

In 1868 his father died and almost overnight Golden became a man.

JhL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM viiL. gohn, Ufyctig.—jth, $Acat Sjduim.

By JAMES L. BARKER

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the

General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union

JOHN WYCLIF

potacy began in the lifetime Boniface VIII ( Benedict Gaetano, in been earlier pope, had 1294) an trial with a ordered result new Apostles. and the comof Once

3 of Fair Phillip the 1 conflict with torture."of application "From the gift plete the the of Holy and tax to desired Phillip had France. rethe pope 1311, of March, 18 the to those given longer being no Ghost VIII Benedict had clergy the and subbe Templars the that quested force obey,"(did not) was "who Laicos, bull, Clericis excom- a issued to torture under questioning to jected

It the unity. to relied secure was on all clergymen made municating who This confess. to force lead them by force, with together of use continued all state the and to of grants money in fact emcruel procedure was church, which of the the abuses grants. such accepted rulers who unfortunate [Temthe ployed, and intelligence courand of caused men the forbidden return, in Phillip, had means, every tortured by plars] were protest. supof "Instead to age jewels, and of money, exportation year, a 1312, new following until the to the abuses, popes pressing added Later, supplies France. from war in declared 1 of Tarragona council

: offices some- 4 and Church them"bulls four issued Boniface had favor."their to ofchurch successions the times In day. in Phillip the same against though of Vienne, Council the At "firstfruits"fices sold; "anor were excommunicated had Boniface 1303, with was, commissions of vote "The entire of the or the nates"payment the Phillip accused Phillip had and the of in favor majority, crushing a

5 bishopric of a revenue annual was offices for granting church of pope neverTemplars],"[of the order the the required "of papacy by new here- a declared him had and money bepassed months theless, "three qualfor fee as a appointee episcopal Phillip, the tic. French by Urged decision. a reached fore the pope often perification;"one was man an to resolved make parliament had to difficult for it him Evidently was church to than mitted hold one more the of council general to a appeal majority great of the vote reject the peroffice; sometimes were and men announced Boniface had church and of but, because commissions the of office in nonresi- to mitted hold French the of deposing intention his wishes for the consideration undue perto else dence, paying someone subjects his absolving of king and Fair, Phillip the of and of France duties. the form but, the allegiance; day their from himself free dare not did the pope in fourthe the papacy Moreover, the of promulgation the before finally dependency."'their He from fifteenth scancenturies teenth and made, been to edict have pope's was order, the of abolition the decided Dante, caused dalized Europe, and flag the had French soldiers under justice, "bebut of matter as a not Petrarch, Huss, Wyclif, many and his throne from the pope dragged general for the solicitude of cause protest. others to prison. to off carried him and pontifical of a virtue and by good contest year's be- 1 "5 whole a After people, the rescued by Though decree. Italian carthe and French tween in after shortly died Boniface had the popes on of dependence The in conclave, the dinals Clement V 1 election of Clement the After 303. at with war king was French the who 5, 1305. elected on pope June was of question the revived Phillip V, in the esteem lessened England, to cardinals the Lysummoned He Clement Boniface, of and heresy the held been the papacy had which after the coronation. for ons Then, heresy of charges the permitted V of use the channel; the and across city in city to about from moving to prebe deceased the against pope revolt. spirit of the stirred cruelty up resifixed his France, he southern of Vienne. Council the before sented more complacency, of kind "This in in France). (now dence Avignon to likewise acceded Clement popes the forced, less V which or

is elecIt his that before alleged to proFair Phillip the of desire the lessFrance, to regard with showed tion, into seentered a Clement V All over the Templars. against ceed in they were which the esteem ened cret king of the with agreement placed they were.. Europe,. western think to people held, caused and event, In France. Clement any V imprisoned. Edarrest under and in tools servile only that they were for his several successors years and first refused at II of England ward politics [aux of service French the

( in their to residence France, during the laws to contrary permit, as to francaise]."politique la mains de of Italians the gave the name which threats and of the use land, the of folof was Clement death The V continued Captivity,""Babylonian against evidence to secure torture 628) page {Continued on 2 to claims sovereignty to advance of decision a the Spain, In them.

1, VI, Conciles, Histoire pp. des 3HefeleLeclercq, all rulers, earthly conwhich over to the favorable Temcouncil was 591593.

ridiculously trasted with what 1, Conciles, p. VI, des Histoire 4HefeleLeclercq,

593. seemed to be their dependence 2, Conciles, VI, 5HefeleLeclercq, Histoire des pp. on plars,self verybut much"the dissatisfiedPope showedwithhimthe

the sovereigns of France. 652, 653.

2HefeleLeclercq, Histoire des Conciles, VI, 1, p- eHefeleLeclercq. Histoire des Conciles. VI, 2, note,

Joseph Reinasch, Francia, p. 94. 557. 590. p. 969.

under a bank beneath some snags and brush a school of herring. Memories of his childhood were strong

upon him as he set his rod against a bush, took off his creel and leaned MATTER OF far out over the creek to cut a long, straight willow. He had decided

to try snagging some of the whitefish as he used to do. PRINCIPLE As he leaned far out to cut the willow, his foot slipped and he pitched

headlong toward the smiling water. By HARRISON R. MERRILL

In his effort to prevent his fall, he dropped his knife which darted down

A SHORTLIEVED STORYTHE WORLDOF TWOOWEDPEOPLETHEMWHOA LIVINGBEthrougha pearl uponthe bluethe rockywaterbottomand laybelowlike

AND EARNED IT! the herring, their lithe bodies as they

swam about it making it wink up at him as it was now hidden, now reilbert Shane shook vealed.his head. G, "Well, of all the luck,"he groaned

"No, and that no is final,"he said, as he righted himself and struggled not urgently. "I can't do it, Joe, back to a firmer footing.

and that's all there is to it.""What happened?"

"But, Gil,"Joe McQuarry thrust The banker found himself looking out his Scottish jaw, "we've put down into the tanned face of a boy through business deals many a time who had approached the stream just like this. What's wrong with while he was busy with the willow.

cleaning up a little matter of seven "Lost my knife,"the banker thousand dollars if it can be done all growled. "It was a good knife, too

square and above board?"—cost threefifty."

"It's unearned and undeserved The boy whistled.

winnings,"Shane replied evenly. "Some knife! Can you see it?"

"There was a time when I would "Yes, I can see it if I lean out far have done it on the spot without a HARRISON R. MERRILL enough. Under twelve feet of water,

thought, because it's common busiif a foot."

ness practice. But that was last "Shucks, I kin get it for you,"the

week."Harrison R. Merrill, Director of boy said, as he dropped to the

McQuarry's laugh was full of the Extension Division, Brigham ground and began untying his shoes.

slivers and every one gouged Gilbert Young University, and former Man- "Think you can?"Shane asked.

of Improvement Editor aging The "I'll give you a quarter if you'll respirit.Shane's

life this from passed August it."20, cover "Here Era, 1938. we are. We have a tip Era, Improvement (See The

that these stocks will rise next week. September, 1938, page 545.) He was "Naw, I'll git it for nothing,"the

Smithfield, Utah, at November born answered. boyIt's certainty. has a who know We his generation served 13, 1884, and get it you and I'll pay you "No, in and town onlythe ones at funeral friends gathered we well. His

insisted. she'll a quarter,""Sure Shane you to she wantsknow at in S. Tabernacle the L. services D. thissell—that

sell this very day without asking a Provo, August 24, and laid him can do it without danger?"

cemetery. the at rest to Provo "Sure, think a I am, you do whatquestion. not buy? What's Why

these pages of readers the For lubber?"land that?"withwrong better is there perhaps no way

let pay.""But must you me The to argue I'm not going "Oh, of the Harwith of perpetuating memory

you."Shane rose and went to the rison R. Merrill than by publishing banker was in earnest and, furtherwindow of the office which overhis writings. His passing finds us more, was interested in the lad whose

of three manuhair, eyes, clear sunburned street. with and a of a great canyonlooked a short story, scripts in our hisfiles—aunpublished I a part him seem principle, tawny skin made guess."of"It's a matter interest travelogue, and a human

"Principle, fiddlesticks,"McQuarstory, all of which are reproduced in of the landscape.

ry exploded. "When was Gilbert this issue of the Era (see also pages "Oh, all right, if you insist. I'll git

the 608, 610). and With quarter; a no knife, no quarShane ever so concerned with prin594,ing those have of them known who

. Is it a go?"ciple?"find will Merrill themread- itter—for Harrison R.

"Since last week,"Shane answerselves visiting again with a much Shane nodded.

ed over his shoulder, his eyes upon cherished friend, and those who have Off over his head came the lad's the street below which to them notfriendwillspeakingfind the genialout of warmththe printedof a shirt as his overalls dropped to the ceased to be a street at all. page. ground.

Shane felt envy as he watched the the the snags lad crawl out above on of these June one It was spirit pool. of youth; the was He sing. Gilbert poets Shane, a banker from Denver, haddays of which

Shane with rod and creel, was whipthrown off his worries and was enthe spirit of health; the spirit of truth,

ping the now clear and limpid pools joying alike day, stream, and trampall in one.

which lay under the high banks and ing along the fragrant banks and "I kin see it,"the boy called. "Now

brush and the now rippling water through the cool water. you watch."

of Yankee Fork, a tributary of the He paused beside a pool to study He parted the willows with his

Great Bear. the blue depths when he saw lying hands and his lean body shot down

through the water as straight as an arrow to the mark. One hand

reached out and grasped the knife.

Shane saw him make a beautiful turn and shoot up to the surface of the pool. "Here it is,"he called holding up the gleaming knife.

With long, practiced strokes he swam to shore and handed the knife to its owner.

"That was easy,"he laughed, shaking the water from his hair.

"Creek's cold up here. Kind a took

my breath at first."

The banker reached in his pocket THE"SOMEBOYKNIFE!WHISTLED.CAN YOU SEE

and drew out a coin.

"Here,"said he. "That exhibition OUT"YES,FAR ENOUGH.I CAN SEEUNDERIT IF TWELVEI LEAN

FOOT."FEET IF A OF WATER, a quarter."worthwas He handed

IT FOR I KIN GET "SHUCKS, dollar. a halfthe boy YOU."

The lad shook his head.

"No,"said he. "It was to be a

quarter.""But I want to give you a half dollar. It was worth it. My, what a

swimmer you are."Mister, it's a quarter or nothin'. Gee

a bunch The boy grinned, but he shook whilikins, I got to go—got

his head. a sheep just above there.""I can't take a half,"he said. "If His last shoe was tied. Quarry spoke incredulously—"You

you haven't a quarter forgit it. I'd Shane found a quarter. sound like a Boy Scout."

a done it for nothin'anyhow.""Here you are then,"he said. "A "I wish I did,"Shane answered,

Shane looked at the boy, a new quarter or nothin'. It's a quarter."smiling because he had quoted the

light in his eyes as he watched the He stuck out his hand. "Say, young boy.

ragged shirt slip back on to the fellow, what is your name? I want McQuarry seized his hat and

brown shoulders. to know you."jammed it on his head.

talk like a "Why can't you take a half?"he "Name's Kelley—'Irish'Kelley,""Gilbert Shane, you

asked curiously. he said, his eyes as sharp as two fool. When you recover, I'll come

Everything about the lad indiblue points of steel. back."

cated that he had little money. 'Principle'Kelley, I'll call you,""He slammed the office door as

"It's the principle of the thing,"Shane answered, shaking hands revhe literally ran through it.

the boy answered in an old voice. erently. Gilbert Shane returned to his desk

"Look at that."The boy darted away followed by and picked up the telephone.

He turned up his shirt pocket and a dog which leaped out from the "Get me long distance,"he orthere pinned under the flap was a shade of a bush. dered. "I wish to speak to a Mr.

firstclass Scout badge. The banker stood watching them Kelley of Oak Park."

central answered. a moment go and in his face there was a new After are taught Scout. a not "I'm We Kelley at Oak "There is no Mr. light. tips to principle. take as a Your

extra quarter would be a tip. Nope, "Principle Kelley,"he said, as he Park, but there's a Mrs. Patrick Kel-

I can't take it, Mister. My Scouttook his pearlhandled knife from ley. Do you wish to speak with

master says that that is what's wrong his pocket and looked at it. her?"

"Yes,"the banker answered. "Get with the world—it is run on selfishness and not on principle. He says ft'her on the line."

if people would do things according INonsense,"McQuarry "She has no telephone and lives to principle and not according to roared. "It's just plain foolishness a half mile from a phone. Messenger

profit, the old world would soon to let that opportunity go. If you charges will be ninety cents. Do

come out of its kinks."won't, I will."you still wish to speak with her?"

"But what principle are you talk- "No, Joe,"Shane answered, turn- "Certainly, I do,"Shane cried.

ing about?"Shane asked, interested. ing from the window, "you'll do "Get her to a telephone as soon as

"I'm talkin'about the principle of nothing of the kind. Mrs. Marston you can. I'll wait at this telephone.

gettin'something for nothin'. It's should be protected by us, not robNo, never mind, I'll drive out there."

of principle."a matter bed—it's gits a habits. habit like other guy A

literally howled. McQuarry late afternoon for nothin'something then he and It was

"Principle!"he shouted. git to else his car steered for something wants Shane "I'll.."when Gilbert

nothin'and then something else—"Do you know, Joe, I've decided up a little polefenced lane to the

it just goes on like that. Pretty soon to go out after a bit of happiness inyard of a cottage set among a clump

he's a crook, and crooks can never stead of a safe full of money. A of trees. Behind it rose a friendly

be happy. They kin git rich, but man without principle can get rich hill; in front of it was a tiny lawn

they can't git happiness. I'd ruther but he can't get happiness. I..."lined with oldfashioned hollyhocks.

have happiness than money. Nope, "For the love of Jerusalem,"Mc- {Continued on page 634)

"OLD FAITHFUL,"PETRIFIED FOREST, ARIZONA

Photo by Harrison R. Merrill.

Old Faithful, so called because, like

Old Faithful in Yellowstone Park, he is to be relied upon. When a

tourist presents himself and wishes to see Old Faithful, those in charge know that up on that little knoll where he has lain through uncounted ages, the old tree will be found.

They are certain of that for these petrified trees weigh about 160 pounds to the cubic foot. You who

are up in mathematics might spend a few moments, figuring out what kind if of outfit required be one wouldROCK TREES the to haul old tree away. Re- w were

member, it is fifty feet in length and six feet thick.METEORITE HOLES The agate bridge, a huge tree

which spans a gorge, is 1 1 1 feet long.

By HARRISON R. MERRILL It would be still heavier than Old

Faithful.

like links in a chain, in the PetriDida youmeteoriteever seehole?a rockThesetreeareor Wethe passedfinest specimenthrough theinbuilding,the forest.folThere are a number of forests,

two wonders of nature which lowed a winding trail for fifty or fied Forest National Monument.

are found in Arizona. The Petrisixty yards to the top of the hill These are all easily accessible by

fied Forest, a National Monument, across which this magnificent speciautomobile and may be visited within lies but a short distance from Holmen lies in agesold grandeur. the space of an hour or more, debrook and may be reached by auto Unfortunately, this tree, which pending upon the time one wishes to

in a few hours from the South Rim once must have raised its plumes at moon around thinking of that reof the Grand Canyon. In its own least 200 feet toward heaven, is mote past when water covered what

unique way, this forest is one of the is now an Arizona desert. These

wonders of the world though not forests are not very well marked, stunning, like the Grand Canyon, however, and unless one knows what or beautiful and mysterious, like he is looking for he may ride through

Yellowstone Park or Zion. some of them and not know it. The

It was a sunny, hot day upon petrified chips of wood which are which we drew up at the curio store lying around everywhere may easily and disembarked from the trustbe mistaken for dark stone, and worthy car which had carried us upeven some of the blocks of trees may on a long and interesting voyage. be overlooked. The longer trees,

But then nearly all Arizona days are however, cannot be mistaken.

sunny and the majority of them are The guide reports that any numhot, so, I suppose, it was just an orber of people ride through the forest dinary day. It was in July, howup to the curio store and ask where

ever, and therefore, I'd recommend to find it, expecting of course, to see the trip for an earlier or a later date. "OLD FAITHFUL,"WITH THE AUTHOR standing trees. The Petrified ForBY. est in Arizona contains 90,218 acres, We first enjoyed the curios and STANDING

especially the butts of trees which an area of fifteen square miles.

had been stood on end and polished broken in several places, but the Although petrified wood is found until they looked like mammoth pieces are all in place for a length of everywhere, the tourist is asked not jewels. The forester in charge was fifty feet. It is six feet through at to carry it away. The government is

friendly and patient and therefore, its thickest place and has a stump eager to keep the place as nearly as we enjoyed ourselves immensely exwhich, though now solid stone, has {Continued on page 633) amining his collection of ancient and every feature of a gigantic root. ON THE RIM OF METEORITE CRATER, ARIZONA.

modern relics. These trees were of a kind now

We had come to see the forest, extinct. They bore cones and had

however, and lost little time getting some features of the pine. The

out to the trees. Somehow no scientific name is given as Avaucaviamount of telling will make a peroxylon Arizonicum. Evidences point

son, before he has seen the forest, to the fact that the region was once understand that no trees are now swampy and that the trees may not standing. We just naturally think have grown exactly where they are

of forests as if they were reaching now found. Many of them, withup toward heaven with those arms out doubt, were washed to their presonce—thatleafyis a andbit of"lifteda disappointment.to pray."So entcoveredpositionthat bysectionwatersof thewhichcountry.once

The administration building has Following the pattern of all tourbeen placed near "Old Faithful,"ists, we began taking pictures of

TOWARD A BETTER FOOD SUPPLY

By M. ELMER CHRISTENSEN

Utah State Chemist and a Member of the

General Board of the Y. M. MJ.A.

"por many years producers of livestock feeds have been quately—andrequired tonow,labelfortheirthe firstproductstime honestlythe new foodand adeand

Drug Law provides the same protection for the food of man. This article deals with mislabelling foods; jams

that are called "tasty spread,"drinks that give you energy and make you sleep, poisonous sprays on fruit, cosmetics that injure in short, the housewife's complete is buying from theTheDrugpassageAct byof Congressa new Foodin June,and grocer'sconfusionshelf.and ignorance of what she

1938, will he acknowledged with hearty approval by every Latter-day Saint. The teachings of our [Behold, verily, thus saith the JLord unto you: S/n

Church leaders in every generation have strongly emphasized the need consequence of evils ana designs which do and will and wisdom of proper care in providing food for man. That the naexist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days,

ture and type of food consumed is an important factor in determining o/ have warned you, and forewarn you, the welfare and development of a LOoctrme ana (covenants, 8g:jf

people is today generally accepted.

Unquestionably the standards of the

Church and teachings of our leaders Through his research the first as drying and dehydration of suchave contributed much toward creatstandards of quality of food products culent foods, curing and smoking of ing universal sentiment in favor of were set up. He revealed the demeat and fish, baking, washing, storhigher quality food products. plorable conditions existing in food ing, spraying, refrigerating, and

When our early progenitors manufacture and processing, aroused freezing of fruits and vegetables, found themselves in part able to apand won, in the face of stern oppoand canning of practically all types ply their time to other vocations than sition by selfish, deceptive commerof food products. The problem of

the procurement of the day's food, cial interests, public support for his preservatives and artificial coloring occasion arose for the regulation of policies. The people of America will in certain foods has been accentuthe operations of those to whom the ever be grateful for his scientific ated. In many cases processes have

food supply was entrusted. Recoginvestigation and courage displayed been developed and generally acnition of the need for safeguarding in their behalf. cepted by industry and the public

the food supply has paralleled The original act aimed to curb with very little or no knowledge as closely the progress of mankind. practices and abuses of package to their effects upon the food value

The first national attempt to labelling, addition of water to milk, of the product.

regulate and control food standards substitution of inert and poisonous Certain processes serve to conceal culminated in the passage of the ingredients for vital food constituinferiority and filth which formerly

Federal Food and Drugs Act of ents, such as sawdust in spices, was impossible. The false art of

1906. Prior to that date the only colored squash in catsup, gypsum in deception in processing and adverassistance rendered the people of sugar, and starch, and many other tising seems to have flourished

this country by its government came similar frauds. A marked improvelargely unhampered until at present

through a food standards committee ment followed enactment of the law the buying public has difficulty disorganized in 1896, whose service and concern of the public dwindled cerning between a pure and an adulwas merely advisory to the various in the belief that the public food terated, misbranded product. Synstates. supply was being adequately superthetic foods and new drugs have

To Dr. H. W. Wiley must go a vised. During the thirty years which been discovered which evade in

great share of the credit for formufollowed, however, new problems many respects the control of the lating and obtaining passage of the arose which could never have been law. The use of cosmetics has inoriginal act, under the protection of anticipated by the framers of the creased tremendously, without conwhich the people of America have original bill. trol or supervision by Federal and

lived for the past thirtytwo years. The necessity to transport perishState legislation. A more effective

Dr. Wiley served for thirty years able foods quickly over great disweapon has become necessary to

prior to 1912 as Chief Chemist in tances has given impetus to the decurb abuses and unfair practices in the U. S. Department of Agriculture. velopment of food processing such (Concluded on page 632)

is businessWhose?

business is the recreWhoseation of a community, anyrecreation:

way? Should it be left to

incommercial control of private the Jim. (phnfittak&hAl &l Bul

entirely, it a matter for terests or is city organization, the church, the or diomsLmakshAl? for? the schools to be responsible

In answer to these questions, it is probably true that some restrictions T-Jere is the story of one Southern Utah Community and supervision are exercised in that decided recreation was its own business and every town, but in the city of St. the story of their difficulties and success is well

George, Utah, the community is reworth the telling sponsible for the dancing—that is,

the community as represented by of the three four from each men, one

L. the By JUANITA BROOKS from S. one and D. wards

Dixie College. They have built a

$33,000 recreation hall, in size second only to one other in the entire no commercial interest can run in organizations or groups. Whatever

state, its general furnishings among the face of such prices. the dance, the recreation committee

the best in the state. Here they proWhat this means to the budget of manages it, and holds out the exvide recreation at prices which make families in Southern Utah, one can penses and a twentyfive percent

competition by commercial interests only guess. Parents struggling to charge on the profits. This last is

impossible, while the profits are all keep two or three sons in school necessary to meet the indebtedness turned back to local organizations can be sure that for at least twenty accrued by building the hall.

and activities. Friday nights during the school Yet even with these methods, the

Under their plan, every student year, they can have wholesome, committee has made money. Their

who registers at the Dixie College, supervised recreation without the report for 1936 listed the year's exhigh school, and junior high, reoutlay of two or three dollars cash penditures as $7,830.76, of which

ceives twenty dances for $1.00 each time. In our own home three nearly onehalf, or $3,599.50, went

twenty full evenings of entertainsons come in this group, so we know back to organizations sponsoring ment, dancing on an excellent floor how to appreciate the regular Friday special dances, such as the Alumni to the music of a tenpiece ornight dances. We know literally Association, the Mutual Improvechestra, for five cents an evening! dozens of other families where these ment Associations, the Lion's club.

To the schools this means an extra student dances make up the greater Chamber of Commerce, or any charge of one dollar for the student part of the winter's recreation. church or civic group. In addition,

activity card at registration time in In addition to these dances, there the committee gave to the town for the fall. To the recreation comare always two or three special special entertainments, including the

mittee it means that they are asfeatures each month where the regCommunity Christmas activities, sured a crowd at the regular Friday ular fiftycent admission is charged. Fourth of July, Old Folks'parties,

night dances, which are dances These include events such as the band trips, and similar activities, without special features, advertisHallowe'en Costume Ball, the Har- $533.65. Add to this the $162.50

ing, or decorations. The comvest Ball, Gold and Green Ball, as given to departing missionaries and

mittee know that nothing attracts well as dances sponsored by special the $366.00 given to ward organizalike a crowd, and that they will sell tions for their maintenance, and

is still left there SCENE SOCIAL ST. AT OPENING THE OF for expenses enough registickets to people not enough RECREATION GEORGE HALL SHOWING interest their debt. on A and SECTOR OF OF HALL THE AND THE to school than tered in pay SMALL more

IN ATTENDANCE. REAR OF CROWD THE THE expenses. They know, further, that HALL IS JOINED BY AN OPEN AIR PAVILION. This may give some idea of the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

value of this arrangement to the the sales talk and the perfectly good ance of the general Church authorcommunity as a whole. It has fosfive hundred dollars expended, they ities. According to their custom in

tered a spirit of cooperation instead never succeeded in lowering the assisting with worthy ward projects, of competition. Now every organtemperature of the building more they agreed to furnish a share of the

ization is assured its running exthan onehalf of one degree. So it capital and the wards the remainder.

penses, and still has an opportunity was decided to build an outof-door Even this left a heavy load. The

to make extra funds by sponsoring hall. To secure the necessary money committee was incorporated and

special dances. Every missionary the loyal community supporters were signed a note for the necessary loan

who leaves from any of the three obliged to obligate themselves as a of $13,000 from the bank. For colwards of St. George is given $25.00 group to the extent of $6,000.00. lateral security they appealed to the

by the recreation committee, in adThe result was that the venture citizenry of the town, and one hundition to what he receives at ward more than justified itself. The Satdred men signed noninterest-beartestimonials and neighborhood urday night dances held during the ing notes of $100.00 each. In this

showers, summer months became popular, beway the community became coning patronized often by people from scious of the plans and active parHThe whole system has grown up Las Vegas on the west, Pioche on ticipants in carrying them out.

over a period of years. It began the north, and Parowan and Kanab The result has been a building in

in 1916 when the gymnasium of the on the east. In a few years the hall which every citizen feels a sense of

Dixie College was completed. This had paid for itself, and at the same pride and ownership, a building

building, erected largely through time had helped to maintain comwhich contributes to the culture of community efforts, was the one munity activities. the community by providing an apcenter where all three wards must Then came the time when the propriate center for activities. Here

hold their activities. To it each of Dixie College was taken over by the are held P. T. A. meetings, M. I. A.

the numerous organizations looked state, and the gymnasium was no activities, old time dances, the anfor financial support, so it was imlonger available for dances. What nual Fine Arts Festival. Here, too,

perative that they get together. To was to be done? It was rumored is a place large enough to accommodo this, each of the three bishops that certain commercial interests date the largest crowds the town has

appointed a representative and the planned to put up a hall just outside known, over a thousand people havschools appointed one also, to help the city limits where it would be free ing been present at some of the schedule the season's activities. A of supervision by the city officials. functions.

large bulletin board was put in a The local authorities felt that this The committee try to maintain glass case in the college hall bearing would be injurious, both to their orhigh standards by prohibiting smok- a calendar so drawn that a label ganization interests and to the moring or drinking in the hall, and by could be tacked over each date when als of the young people. The only quietly removing anyone who gives

school and ward entertainments solution seemed to be to build a hall evidence of being intoxicated. Unwere scheduled. Anyone wishing larger and finer than any private der present conditions this is not

to secure a night for a dance, show concern could afford to do, and to always easy to do, but by not issuing socialor other function, run could readbasis to cut it on a nonprofit passout checks and by doing away ily dates competition. see which open, erect were and out would They intermission, with an trouble has

no two events were listed for the it adjoining the outof-door pavilion been greatly reduced. Strangers

same date. This device has proved and in such a way that the two could not of our people uniformly remark

so helpful that it is still in use. be joined for large functions. as to the order and general tone of

The first financial venture of the The problem of finance was a real the dances. And because the system

committee was the installation of a one, and could not have been met is such an advantage to the town, cooling system for the gymnasium, without the cooperation and assistboth as individuals and as organized laughingly of spokennow as a groups, of St. the people George

"blower."extreme The summer it might to be adopted advanST.DANCEGEORGEPAVILION.RECREATIONTHE PHOTOHALL ANDALSOOUTSIDESHOWS think

SPIRE THE OF THE STAKE TABERNACLEweather alin-doors made dancing AND tage by other communities of similar OTHER EDUCATIONAL RECREATIONAL ANDmost impossible. all But in spite of size. BUILDINGS ON PUBLIC THE SQUARE.

*:*.'..

The story of our HYMNS Medley, the Samuel Author D. By PYPER GEORGE REDEEMER THAT MY I KNOW General the Superintendent Deseret the author of Medley, of LIVESSamuel First AssistSunday School Union and "I That Redeemer Know My Samuel Medley By ant Chairman Church Music of the Lives,"at Cheshunt, born was Committee

lives; that Redeemer my knowHerefordshire, England, June 23,

1738. His father being the keeper I What comfort this sweet sentence

of a school, Samuel received a good He lives,gives! He lives, who once was

education. as Put an apto work dead; xxxiii. 9 JOtoxv Jhotprentice to a oilman not He lives, London my everliving head. and

liking the work assigned him, he reHe lives to bless me with His love, belled and joined the British Royal HeHe lives,lives tomypleadhungryfor mesoulabove.to feed,

Navy as a midshipman. Though Words by He lives to bless in time of need.

properly trained in Christian virtues, SAMUEL MEDLEY He lives to grant me rich supply, dissipatedhe became and reckless.

In a battle with a French fleet, in Music by HeHe liveslives toto guidecomfortme mewithwhenHis faint,eye, 1759, he badly was so wounded lives soul's hear to complaint. my that LEWIS D. EDWARDS He

all unable fears, liveshe to continue to silence in actual was He my service. He had a great dread of He lives to wipe away my tears,

lives to heart, troubled He calm mythe amputation of a limb. Under

all lives blessings to impart. He

this fraction of his restrain some ligious training returned, and in He lives, my kind, wise, heav'nly penance he prayed all night. In the friend,

end, to the lives loves and me Hemorning advised astonhe was by an

I'll lives, sing, lives while and He He thatished surgeon his limb could be Priest, lives, Prophet, and He my saved. He was filled with joy and King.

thanksgiving, but not until he had He lives and grants me daily breath, lives, I shall death, conquer and Heheard a powerful sermon by Dr.

lives, to prepare, mansion He my did conscienceWatts his awakened there. to bring me safely He lives

lead him into religious paths. He

joined the Baptist Church and estabHe lives, all glory to His name!

still the lives, same; Savior, my Helished school a in London. He soon

this gives, sentence the joy sweet Ostarted to preach, and in 1767 was lives!"that Redeemer "I know my

appointed pastor of a Baptist Church He lives, all glory to His name!

at Wartford, Herefordshire, and beHe lives, my Savior, still the same;

gan a labor of exalted Christian love O sweet the joy this sentence gives, which continued for twentyseven "I know that my Redeemer lives!"

years. He became a loved man, won

the confidence of his people, and atto carry us good be of and on beckoning concerning Medley's hymn. Onetracted large congregations.

disaster. spite in Faith of impending cheer of title is more the same by Wesley Samuel wrote Medley many fortify right kind of the knowledge and

mentioned. It begins: includinghymns, righteousness of That which with an armor knows "I Know My often

Redeemer Lives,"which were first I know that my Redeemer lives no defeat.

foe or discouragement, doubt, any When for ever me, etc. prays Andpublished magazines periodand

itself, spirit manifests the of pray of Godicals and 1789 this truly inor sing play then even and inafterwards—in Medley's Samuel However, hymncompiled in printed and form. to light spired book cheer song and a and new

the the Latterday used one by will soul. bless kindle your volumes appeared, the isTwo other

Saints, Latterof is is not while this necessarily style of grand and song Thelast a posthumous pubone—being it its cultisimplicity, takes but through a origin, cerday Saint Smith itEmmalished the after year his death which to appreciate the sheer of beauty vated mind tainly inspiration the diof her hadoccurred 17, 1799. July the simplicity, best of of course type and

it calling selected she as when is this truly simple; song, hence worship of Memoir Medley pubvine was A

in of ninety the compiled one hymns truth of the recognizing sublime the Relished his is by son in 1800, which is mission, deemer's of the imone most first It the book. hymn Mormonrecognized authentic. as In 1833, in pressive possession. our hymns fits in perfectly Saint Latterday withanother memoir, his daughter, by

Sarah, showed a hatred for her philosophy. Medley's tendency to repeat cerbrother, not displaying that love and The late Edward P. Kimball, tain key words in the refrains of his

forbearance so manifest in her facommenting on this song, wrote: songs is highly accentuated in this

ther's life and hymns. There is in this hymn a commingling of hymn. The repetition of "He lives"

faith, solace, assurance, comfort, joy, revis effective. emotionally

aspiration, soulsatisfying erence, a and The Hymn this hear loved song rendered To bliss. of conviction heavenly

variousTn searching books on is Latterbelief to close despair; of devoted assembly kin an a by Doubt

hymnology, very little is found and hope are bright rays of encouragement, [Continued on page 627)

SILENT MUSIC By CHARLES JOSIE he great Opera House forth over those four strings. Howwas packedTto its galleries. People proud she was of this genius. A SHORTof high station and of humble means

filled it. Karl Slovich, a native of SHORT

that city, had completed his world STORY After taking many curtour and was playing his debut in tain calls, Karl turned to find

America. How they prided themCOMPLETE grandma smiling with tearfilled

selves in knowing this frail young ON THIS eyes.

man who had such a magical touch PAGE "My boy, my good boy Karl.

on the violin. "Why,"some would You are now great. How wondersay, "he used to play with my Johnful."

ny,"or "Many times little Karl ate He picked her up bodily and carat our table."ried her into the dressingroom

Now they were going to hear this which was filled with flowers.

young master thrill them with his "Muj Babicka, Draga Babicka,

Stradivarius, the gift of a king somedear old grandma. I owe you all this

where in Europe.—everything—Oh how you used to

Most of his friends were in the make me play pieces I never liked.

gallery, where foreign smells were Then how you would listen to me rampant. play for hours. You were the only

Behind the curtain Karl Slovich one who understood good music."

was nervously preparing for the big "Muj Karlinku, Dobry Karl,"event. spoke grandma in Slav as she

"How is my collar and hair? Do stroked his wellgroomed head.

you think we'd better play that Rus- "Before your father and mother died sian number? Do I look nervous?"in 1914, I promised your mother that

All these were answered by his I would make a musician of you.

pianist, who knew Karl and his ecShe always wanted you to be a facentric ways. mous violinist; so tonight your angel

"Where is grandma?"asked Karl mother, no doubt, rejoiced. I'm

rather nervously. proud of you, my little Karl."

I look back now, I "She will be here in a moment,"A nod and a smile assured him "Babicka, as his manager answered. "Oh, here that all was well. see you saying, 'Karl, such and such

she is now. Good evening, Mrs. Lights out; flood lights on; a last piece I do like it.'I knew my playSlovich."minute preparation; curtain opening ing wasn't so good but you thought

I went on just for A slight nod was her answer. into a sea of faces and Karl acso. That's why

Then she fell into Karl's outstretchknowledging the long and thunderyou. Tonight I wanted you to hear

ed arms. ous applause. He raised his thin, me play those pieces as they should

"Gee, grandma, I'm glad you white hand. A deathly silence. be played. Did you like them,

came to calm me before I step out The pianist broke the silence with a grandma?"

before that crowd; I haven't had few minor arpeggios as an introducShe was watching his lips and face

time to talk with you since I retion to Karl's first number. carefully while he was talking.

turned, but your letters have been All eyes were glued upon the When he finished, she reached for my only guide those many years in figure as he played piece after piece his hands. Tears began to come in

Europe; thanks a lot."from the immortal composers. But her soft blue eyes. "Dear Karl, I

grayhaired the noticed no one never heard play. But you have little Karl,"was all she "My good

in she Box 1 8 as woman I wonderful. be music must sat slightly yourejaculated sobs. between

rail falling with tears the over bent can feel it as you play.""Everything is set and ready. old hands, rough which were on her

toTake grandma, grandma but you—"Karl "Why, her lap. her seat, will you? folded watched upon She

18."It's in rather bewildered. box No. Karl, Karl's right (her hand whom spoke

He gently ushered her out. she had reared and encouraged to "Yes, Karl, I know I must tell you;

"Is she comfortably seated?"this end) go deftly up and down. I have been deaf for thirty years.

asked Karl of the manager as he The left hand seemed to be magic I can read your lips but cannot hear came briskly back. as it trembled and moved back and your violin."

The making of BUCKSKIN CLOTHING An Ancient American Art that has lived since the dawn of day.

art as old as history is thatANof making clothing of animal skins. Strange as it may

sound, the first leather clothing was made for Adam and Eve. Genesis

so records, for it is written in the third chapter and 21st verse that, "Unto Adam also and to his wife did the Lord God make coats of skins and clothed them."From that

day until this generation the making of clothing from animal skins has been common to all nations and people.

The American Indians, or rather the present descendants of the Lamanites, as Latterday Saints see them, have developed to a high degree the art of making clothing from skins. The making of leather clothing or buckskin apparel by the Indian has been practised for centuries.

To them credit must be given for maintaining an art as old as civilization, that of making buckskin clothing; of such an art Alma speaks

in the Book of Mormon (Alma 49- 6), "Now the leaders of the Lamanites... had also prepared themMRS. MORONI TIMBIMBOO AND DAUGHTER JOAN HARD AT WORK ON BUCKSKIN

AND BEADED WORK. JOAN IS SEWING BEADS TO A PAIR OF WHITE GLOVES.

HER WHITE BUCKSKIN BEADED DRESS REQUIRED A YEAR'S WORK. THE BLOUSE

IS BEING HIDE DEER IN A FROM TAKEN A FUR IS COLORS. NATURAL SOLID NOTE FLOWERS BEADS OF WITH MASS PART ONE BY PHOTOS

TIMBIMBOO, MORONI BY CACHE WASHAKIE INDIAN FINEST HANDICRAFT. MOCCASINS, ALL EARRINGS, HEADBAND, THE AND THE

INDIAN, AID WITH OF OF THE THE AUTHOR OTHERS WHO BELTS, PURSES, PILLOWS, HEADBANDS, BEADED SEEN AND ARE RIGHT AT THE

TRIBE, A HIS OF BRANCH SHOSHONES, THE LABOR ARE OF PATIENT AND HANDWORK DONE. MONTHS EXPERTLY ALL GLOVES

IT WILL INTO CONVERT FINEST THE SOFT HERE, MATERIAL IS SOFT AS AND IN THE SEEN ARTICLES THE REPRESENTED

BUCKSKIN. WHITE VELVET.

By DAVID H.MANN

'"The interest of the Church selves with garments of skins, yea, Welfare Committee in esvery thick garments to cover their tablishing handicraft industries nakedness."has brought a demand for

There are numerous mentions deer hides which would othermade in the Book of Mormon relwise be thrown away by ative to the use of leather clothing deer hunters, or left to useless by the Lamanites; its use was a deterioration, has aroused

necessity to the hunters and the folmuch interest in the subject of lowers of wild game. It protected buckskin making and has here

the body from the thorn and brush brought forth a colorful story and was warm. which tells how buckskin is

For more than two thousand and made.

five hundred years the Lamanites practiced the art of making leather clothing. Today such clothing is savors of Indians, pioneer days, and

known as buckskin, because it is the hunt.

made from the skin of the buck. An oldster now remembers when

The word "buckskin"always he was a youngster and begged to holds a fascination for most redshow his friends the family heirblooded Americans. The word loom, a tattered old buckskin huntTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

ing jacket. The old coat had a real taught the younger men the trick of

history. Grandfather wore it when turning a deerskin into the finest of

he fought Indians in southern Idaho white or tan leather, soft as velvet.

and the brown spots on the front Today the finest buckskin clothwere pointed out to admiring boys ing or Indian bead work to be foundas blood!—"spilt"by the old Indian anywhere can be seen at the

fighter when he was wounded by Washakie Indian reservation in Box

Indian arrows. Elder County, Utah. The Washakie

In the days of Kit Carson, Jim Indians today carry on the art of

Bridger, and other early western making clothing much the same as hunters, every sportsman wore buckskin clothing. Trappers and pros- l;. J.:; i

pectors found it a necessity. To the

Indian it was most important; he

used buckskin for clothing, tents, hair ornaments, provision bags, and blankets. He used various methods

to cure and tan the skins. Deerskin was a favorite among most

tribes because of its softness and wearing qualities. Advancing civ- J* 1*"* *

ilization, however, had its effect on the red man. He was not long in INGRACHELTHE PERDASH,DRIED HIDEINDIANWITHWOMAN,A SHARPIS SCRAPSTONE.

adopting the white man's clothing THIS SOFTENS THE HIDE AND IMPROVES ITS and the art of making buckskin was TEXTURE.

soon neglected and almost forgotten by the modern American Indian. The their forefathers did. They take an

result was that buckskin became unusual amount of pride and care in it ismore and more scarce until at the turning out superior work and beginning of the last decade, only proving a source of real revenue. A

a few curio stores and museums propair of welltanned beaded Indian vided such articles. gloves will bring from two to five

dollars to the maker; buckbeaded in for better turn times a With

ERAINS BUCKSKIN. GOOD IT TAKES TO MAKE skin dolbring dresses one hundred tourists to eastern 1936, the west JOAN HAS TIMBIMBOO OF THEM, HANDFUL A

lars; a man's buckskin white and JOAN, BRAINS. TO BEEF ACCORDING THE stores for curio ask tobegan buck- (AND OF FINE BUCKSKIN, SECRET MAKING shirt, dollars. twentyfive Other JOAN) vests, gloves, clothing,skin TO SECRET GET FROM HARD THE WAS and

other goods. Indianmade Western TREATIS TO TAKETHEM A ASPOUNDDESCRIBEDOF BEEFIN BRAINSTHE STORY.AND handmadeproportion. articles bring prices inIndians long in learning were not

the the supply, source of As to thisof tribes Indian demand. who IS SKIN OF TANNING ACCOMPLISHED THE THE Indians have Washakie had no FIRE. A BY MORONI FROM SAGEBRUSH SMOKE art neglected long the ancienthad

STIRS FIRE RACHEL WHILE TIMBIMBOO THE skins. securing about Eightof buckskin manufacture soon found BITTER worry HIDE HOLDS PERDASH OVER THE THE

in killed een deer thousand UNLIKE OTHER ACRID were FUMES ARE WHICH ANYit art to a profitable engage. in which IN ODOR. A FAVORITE CEDAR SMOKE WOOD in during the 1936 tenday Utah IMPARTS FOR THIS SMOKEIS WORK. THE WOOD the encouraged govAided and by

RICH TO A INDIAN CAMPFIRE ODOR OR THE hunting season sportsmen. by local tribe the ofernment, ancients the TAN RICH COLOR. A AS AS WELL BUCKSKIN The animals were duly skinned and

the hides hung by the proud hunters in the garage or coal shed. Thousands were likewise killed in 1937.

A/[ R 'Washakie Indian, with all the craftiness of his race, got into his automobile and shopped around for what skins he needed.

He paid no money for the deer hides he found in every locality; he always

made a trade: one pair of beaded

Indian gloves for one deerskin. Most

sportsmen accepted this proposition gladly and the Indian found it easy to keep in material.

With characteristic Indian patience, Mr. Washakie Indian, his car

loaded down with fresh deerskins, hied to his reservation, hollowed out a depression about ten feet square and a few inches deep in his back yard, threw in the skins, and forgot about them.

Winter rains and snow soon covered the hides and filled the depres- {Concluded on page 628) puddle along without my valuable help while we are gone."

"Gone?"Her thoughts went to

the others who had gone away to Beckoning be married.

"You said that as if it were a surprise. Ever hear of honeymoons?"

He grasped her saddle horn and roads rising in his stirrups placed a swift kiss on her lips. "Where will you

go, Alaska, Miami, or would Hawaii, prefer Buenos Aires?"By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON you

"I shan't go anywhere for a while at least. I must have time to—

THEPorterSTORYand PeterTHUS Holverson,FAR: Nancytwo Chapter Nine "To"Get what?"ready. Get some clothes

verymuchin-love marriageable and young and, and—community, ruralpeople Mormon of a "Clothes? Couldn't get any here "their spring"anticipating themselvesfound

—the spring in which they, with others Ah.he days sped by. Hapif you waited a year. We'll get

to to T decided go their friends, If had going. are of filled fantastic, where them we we with days. Days the py

Conference married to at June be Temple we'll look through up go Chicago that insisted dreams. daring Nancy

agricultural prospects and time. poor But

to buy until where Ruth. knows the She her with stay she work highPeter, a caused debtaccumulated

principled and cautious young man, to postfirst of September. After he had them."

pone the marriage until "better times."given up the idea of an immediate "That will be fun."But her eyes

his wisdom, his motives andQuestioning all, Ruth. darkened. After to have why marriage, Reid was happy

disappointment, the anger of her and in get to where into last She would know haynot? her stay. He plunged notice her beimpulsively served onNancy

trothed that the "postponement"would be ing with a zest that brought a quizthem. And she was his friend.

permanent and the "engagement was off."zical smile to his father's eyes and Through lowered lids she scrutinized

The embarrassment was intensified by the various comments from the men. him. Determination and purpose

that fact two couples of "their crowd,"who During those days the girl went had given a new set to his shoulders, apparently less economically prepared were for marriage, decided to go through with about her work with her head in the a new lift to his head. The men

their plans notwithstanding. And so these air, eyes on her hopes. The entire growled at his newfangled ways of

two parted, with hopes postponed—or abanranch, to her, had taken on an eager doing things, but were behind him

discouraged with Living in adoned. home the percent. hundred one intensity. not miss He had She did

ill chronically diswaiting seriously father, anda older for handling man's flair men her. the attitude toward of the men brothers, couraged younger and a workworn mother, Nancy became rebellious On the night Mark had heard of the and the foresight that came from

and determined to better her situation. She engagement he had gone home and knowing new and better ways of

clerical secured job with a temporary finally like things. Yes. She would miss doing she not returned. Nor did

in sechad large operation ranching a nearbya reShe him now. Ruth to know voice the tang of Mr. Wood's when tion the country. something of There was

about Reid Wood, young, impatient, cityhe introduced her to a buyer from moved the glove from her hand and bred son of the ranch operator, that she Omaha. looked at the ring he had given her

to remember. something was Therewanted hers. This road world was The

that couldn't she about Peter Holverson traveling an avenue and ily was was lastfor—ages.night. EnoughEnoughto keepto sendher Dalefamforget. beshe resentment There was some

tween Reid Wood and his father that she it lead far from the little house with to his coveted school. The eyes

couldn't understand. And so she found the bare yard. What could life offer that she raised to him were wet,

crosscurrents.herself with But among place will be Heaven with "Any askfor the hers that was not the now

herself likingpassing she days her found said. she so you,"she ing? decided, Nothing, and near to her kindlyjob drawing and employer, father Ben Wood—and found her there was no need of rushing into He reached for her but stopped

thoughts often drifting to his restless son, marriage. suddenly and whirled his horse

Reid, with whom she rode and talked much. Miss Meade was gone. The about.

serious accident to Mr. Ben WoodA

ranch,his in charge put owner of the place was up now and "What now?"under son Reid of the

which responsibility he showed some signs hobbling about the house. Often he Behind them a truck slid to a stop. out drive him have leadership would Nancy signs and commendable someof It of their tenders one camp was possessive arrogance. soonof fields. Nancy look the could over he where grizPahsimori. the from He was that sweetheart,learned her Peter former little, detail of but what no He said seriousHolverson, zled dusty financial under obhe was had and and when while he done been down had wasligation the that young Woods—and the spat tobacco car stopped he

terse him. His escaped comments to force payment. TheWood intendedto juice into roadside. of the the dust

intrusion nurse, a presumptuous girl of Miss disappointed. not told the he was

the matter?"to "What's care employedMeade, for Mr. Wood, it last of the and was August Now complicatedfurther difficult already an to "There's a back mess pay up impatiently Christensen Mr. wassituation. trip back to Nancy's A brief let his there. Lupe, Mex., That his again. to take up work the tension after waitinghome relieved somewhat,

which she returned to her job at the Wood One day Nancy had ridden with band mix with the Double Cross ranch to find that she had been missed by Reid to one of the small places Mr. fields and old man Shelton is a holdinthe household general and by Reid Wood in'critters fer the He's damages. at the valthe of head

in particular. where she a dance, At at insulted woollies having on plum the the land and on went Woodley. Fallownedwas partner,as Reid Wood's observed Nancyher former sweetheart, Pete, in company ditches were dry already. Weeds his cow range. We can't do nothin'

with another girl, which added further conalong the roadside were brittle and until somebuddy waves a checkbook fusion to her confused heart.... Then heavy with seed. under his nose."

thrillingthere followed one of day—out Porter, from more "Well, Reid swung Miss two his horse. He engagement came Nancy's to Reid

the reins you. to Nancy. days That's handed and I am firing start the journey on of a newwhichWood—and

a new road. the first, and Dad thinks he can "Goodbye, Sweet, for a few days.

"Now never mind stewing over them. I guess there is others that

knows something."He hobbled to

his desk and took from it a long brown envelope. He closed her

hands tightly over it. "You will need

something besides good wishes,"and waved her to the door. "I'll send

the boy as soon as he gets back.

Now don't be a baby. Go on with

your head up."She kissed him with

white set lips. As they went down

the porch he called, "Better take a car that will get you there."

Pete did not answer. He put her

impudently new suitcase in the back of his truck and held open the door for her. "We could take a faster car."

Without any sign of having heard, he slammed the door, and going to the opposite door slid over it to his place behind the wheel. They roared out of the driveway and onto

the sagebrush flat. The big ranch

had disappeared in the background before she spoke again.

"Tell me, Pete,"she begged.

For an instant the mans eyes searched her face and through a blur of emotions she stirred to a memory. Then his eyes were on

the road ahead and his words were coming with maddening deliberaSHE STOPPED SHORT AT THE LOOK tion.

ON MRS. CHRISTENSON'S FACE.

"WHAT IS IT?"SHE DEMANDED. "He took worse Saturday. WedINCLINED HER THE WOMAN HEAD nesday, that is last night, we had the THE FRONT TOWARD HOUSE OF THE

BUT SAID NOTHING. HEART TRIPdoctor. This morning he said to

PING WITH APPREHENSION, SUDDEN

FLED NANCY BIG ROOM. send for you."TO THE

"You could have telephoned. Reid

would have taken me right over."

Again he did not answer. Nancy

The woman inclined her head toremoved her glove and looked at ward the front of the house but said her ring. Last night she had heard

nothing. Heart tripping with sudhim whisper, "This I am giving you

den apprehension, Nancy fled to the now. And this,"he had shown her

there big room. Mr. was Wood I slip this another, on your "when trick another oldJust sheepherder in chair. the resting easy an On shall finger mine. Together, be you theirchoosing for time caresuch a in another, hand, hat of was edge I, until parts us."death you and I'lllessness. in be back days two Pete. as stood she looked up He part.""Until us death do The Iif to tangle old Shelton have with quickly. in rose the doorway and

at brain. her words hammered Shepersonally. with Clover back Take it? is has hap- "What What into looked again her companion's I'll tell try to andyou keep Dad my breathlessly. she pened?"asked

face.temper."together. His heavy drew brows

"Is end?"driver the motioned over and He it—the this in noticed the she Even moment

slid in behind the wheel. Then he tenderness of his mouth. She grasp- "Yes."panic Blinding rose clutched and it the about. truck headswung As hands. with both ed his arm

at throat, her her her mind, tongue. theed he mountains back toward it Is "Tell father?"me.

gloatagain. that road That It was kissed goodbye. herwaved She laid it raised Pete one and hand ingly persistent road. it until to waited himhand and had shining is worse. head. her on "He

disappeared in the distance. She I came for you.""It shan't be. I'll not let it."She

rode slowly back, past the fields with shrieked the words. "Do you see

their many haystacks, past the dethis?"She held her hand with the

serted lambing sheds and into the JL he next fifteen minutes ring before him. The sunlight

corral where she turned the horses were a hectic blur of sounds and caught the gem and shattered it into over to a man to unsaddle. It had faces. Mrs. Chris was there helping a million shafts of defiance. "And

been a happy day. She was singto get her necessary clothes. Mr. this,"she drew the brown envelope

ing lightly as she ran into the Wood's face was gray when she from her pocket, "this means he is kitchen. She stopped short at the tried to tell him where Reid had going to get well. It means doctorslook on Mrs. Christenson's face. gone and what condition the books and hospitals and—-and—

"What is it?"she demanded. were in. (Continued on page 626)

'ROOTING PEG Come commonsense remarks to young

MEN WHO ARE WILLING TO WORK.

remember vividly one occasion T. HIGGS when I was a little boy. We lived By B.

I near the Jordan River bridge, in Brtgham Young University

Salt Lake City and we had a cow.

She was a milk cow, and she got away one day and wandered across that side bridge. the Jordan On

alkali, in the middle was a ATgrownBrighama strongYoungtraditionUniversityfor helphas patch of bog and of it a big green patch of grass. She fulness toward the worthy and willwaded into it and got mired in the ingthroughstudentcollege.who mustMuch"workemploymenthis way"mud. My father got a team and is provided on the campus itself, and

went down there with someone to the ennobling nature of manual serhelp him, I went along, although vice is a valuable lesson that comes

I was only a little fellow. They put asFor a yearsbyproductB. T. ofHiggs,this Custodiancondition.

a rope around her, and after much of Grounds and Buildings, has called difficulty pulled her into the wagon. together those boys who have been

this for janitor work, employed and that got I remember home we When the the of article contains substance planks onto her they slid some down delivered to a group message such the ground. That was along in the on one occasion.

evening, and we did not do anything more about her then. The next

morning she was gone. They went

down there and found her in the to serve others, you are of very little same place. use to yourself. It is the man who

How many people do that very is best prepared to serve who gets same thing, in life? After they are along in life best and seizes more

dragged out of the mire, they go opportunities.

right back. Now if my father in- A man usually gets what he works HAVE ANY OF YOU PLAYED

stead of pulling her out had gone for. A young man in a community MUMBLEPEG?

in and punished her in some way who is not dependable, does not have until she got out herself, she would much influence among his friends. like to tell you, and that is always

not have gone back. They may be pleasant in associato meet your obligations. Don't run

Some people need punishment to tions, but when he passes by what into debt if you can possibly help it.

force themselves out of something do they say? You know, and don't You see men go through life with

they are always getting into. Let's want to live that kind of life. You such a struggle. As soon as they

not get into the mudhole. Let's have to build within yourself. You get something partly paid for somenot pay too much attention to the are the man that you should be most one comes and takes it away from

green patch of grass when it is in proud of. You are the one to blame them because they are unable to pay

the mudhole. if you do not build a strong mantheir debt. Don't get into that conIf charstrong a little you are dition. the with Be careful you is hood. experience hear that We often it, don't acter and you you know of it posthe best use get and make thing. people can- a splendid Some

for have excused to be much, for sible. not way. learn any other Very

don't to be excused ofyou have much When I was a small boy, I reso late ten experiences that opcome portunity to improve has passed befor. member that one day I was sitting on

fore we can make use of it. ExDon't get into the habit of think- a ditchbank throwing my knife into

perience is a hard road but a safe ing that you should have something the sod. Have any of you played

one. It is so often better, when we for nothing. Be too independent for mumblepeg? If a boy hasn't played

can, to take the experiences of other that; be too proud, unless you are in mumblepeg, he ought to play it.

people. They may put us farther such distress that you cannot help There is a certain element of charalong the road we want to go, beyourself. Let being helped be your acter developed in it that is very

cause we might have to go through last resort, and then likely you will attractive. Well, my father came

a good many different things to get feel humiliated when you have to. along and asked me what I was dothe experience they could give us in This seems to be a day and age ing. I told him I was practicing

a few words. By accepting their exwhen people are trying to get somemumble-peg so I could beat some

periences we are able to go farther thing for nothing and it is a terrible of the fellows after awhile. He said

to play with me?"along the road we want to go. thing—a condition that is undermin- "Do you want

The hope of young men should ing our homes and our friends, be- I said, "Yes."So we played, and

be to make themselves better citicause it makes them dishonest. They he let me win. I am pretty sure he

zens and better men, for their own want to get what they want from let me win, and I was sorry, because sakes. While we are improving our the other fellow, no matter how little I did not want to see my father root

habits and attitudes for life, you will they give in return. Don't do that. that peg.

be building a better man to serve Be honest citizens. I was just tapping it in, and he

your friends. If you have no ability There is one other thing I would (Concluded on page 611

EVENING PROCRASTINATION COMPREHENSION

By Isabelle Sharp By Watene Makaia By Alice O. Seiter

to ain't fear a-cryin'closed doors use no used ** There > I shall with do what Tomorrow?"H A I the that's the dead. sound doors For day make And when closing;

I cried * I felt a-goin', to glad alone always be 'Twas

I fool's in content. dreamed And my imposing. barred colors Before doors overhead! them See his bore tide dead on Time And away

Today ain't mournin', of hues no They I But of doors now While gray, black and Somber I dreamed—so the years were tightly; Compassion knowclosed—and spent. rejoicin'colors of But other barred doors as And

lightly. To greet the dying day. I woke aghast—How Time doth plod! That Love can open

Then anguished knelt to pray:

I LOVE OUR SECRET "WhatGod!shall I do with Tomorrow?"Ah, THINGS

By hva Pratt Andrus Tomorrow was dead with Today! By Catherine E. Berry

flings in the twilight at roots bedded deep when dusk seeking roomWith the panes, on Blue shadows sands, A air stands. of the sweetness fresh, clean driveway beside tree The my pepperA OASIS branches trunk, rains. its draped April twisted After outFrom

bend (An Old Legend) A vase of yellow flowers that stands which the mottled light can scarceThrough descend. By Elaine Short Little Outlined against a wall,

The tracing lacey pattern of green leaves A picture of a sailing boat, weaves. call. design slanting seagull's shadow throaty softened, ofA A dazzle and sand burning dry FTER

all it stands patriarch day old proudA sun, the trees, that sways wind Autumn A An the guarding way.Silently, watchfully birds desert as eager as the camels, Come light, late golden moon's tall sigh tree A I've heard at night oftYet my nest. their to jasmine bush of fragrance a The sky, stardecked bit a toward a reachAnd the trackless After waste—is night. thirst—over in the Blooming playfully low whispered the windBecause thirsting done.

it go. it could did where and thingsOf the caravan last! Let rain, I at Oasis "Oasis! misty love: a things These akin, felt I strange tree so withThen my rest."sand, gleaming of curve A been,I the had wind where'er too go would "Is the green guide, ancient the said at dawn,. the "Here,"sea of voice deep The trailing drapery, wispy, aSometimes of grave Lomah, hand. of touch someone's The me; caresses breeze, transientStirred a by psalms. singer of outcast Sweet

fine jeweled shakes rain after downOr leper, is the of legend the Lomah, Strange mist palms. the head whose wave Over BRIDGE amethyst. diamond, A emerald, BUILDS andOf LOVE the sand of gray the parched Through

tree's It's remembering perhaps then my desert, Finn T. Eugenia By night the wind to hear sighed songThe we sifted. hopes were His."sing. year ago a "It was say: never sieve. sifted, a through as Yea,

both must there is a know toBut we try.. know even or day, the name the in ageold lost youth I Or youth His was

it so! meant happierWe're carried away you ebbing moment secrethere—God desert. the What of

Courage, the will to live, And left me here. That sacred yesterday

Only faint haunting dreams, he would not Was like the sunset's slowing changing

YOUR VOICE surrender. flame

the dust of earth from your burned That the memories, nor By Grace Sayre These, name. dear green! Green in the shadowed Of places

that singing wind the is like sunlight! voice

the starsYour swiftly, and night the came I know trees, forest falling! water Of rises Of moonlinked frosted, thousand, as a Were of rain, break with early at day—wetgleaming Windtossed, meadowlands,From spars hushes gentles it and coolness! of that beauty of love depth OhA earth, of prisoner a back, held That me gay. the so out reached desert note parched gray But ring vibrantThe of it—its refound in radiance, muted you, While these, for

birth. in is fair his vanishing streams of sparkling its Took playThe there lay a sea mine path and your dreams, Between an oasis! made And laughter, immensity. vast depth and Of unknown pools of memories."calm green the shadowed Of the it holds yetAnd

nuances resemble depthsWhose dawns have brushed the clouds of color, But many vestibules. forest dappling sunlightLike aside,

I have found a bridge to span the tide.The sadness of your voice—it haunts me And

ever! A bridge, deeprooted in my own desire,

I hear it, though I try now to forget. Not made of steel and stone and twisted

I start from troubled dreams of you to wire, answer Nor colored by the touch of human hands,

Your whispered love.—Your voice speaks But cabled with the closelywoven strands

tenderness. longremembered Of to me yet.

m for every trace of you until I I sought

LIFE The caughtsoft, vibrating echo of your words,

By Clara Farnsworth Those words of love that like small homing birds Life holds so much that I desire, Have winged their way throughout the

But time is so short in which to gain it. realms of space

Like a tree heavily laden with fruit, To find, within my heart, a restingplace.

Life reaches forth its arms that I might gather, What need have I to speak of time or loss,

And I, knowing all that I cannot have, When love can build a bridge on which to

Hesitate, and wonder what to choose. SAND DUNES cross?

Capitol District was created, with

Abraham H. Cannon as president,

Gerald G. Smith and Harold Clark,

counselors, and Edwin M. Thomas as

clerk, with the following members of a district council: Edgar B. Brossard,

member of the U. S. Tariff commission;

Samuel R. Carpenter, former Washington Branch president, and assistant

secretary of the federal reserve board;

A. C. Cooley, from the office of Indian

affairs; J. Willard Marriott, former

Utahn now in the restaurant business in Washington; Lionel B. Farr, public

accountant; Riley A. Gwynn, assistant

chief accountant for the federal communications commission; Parley P.

Huff, Baltimore; Carl E. Robinson,

Waynesboro; Ernest Wilkinson,

Washington attorney, and Don Crowther, labor department employe.

RENOVATED ST. GEORGE

TEMPLE OPENS.

* DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN AMY BROWN LYMAN '"The renovated St. George Temple

special cerereopened with A was to the given the impetus endeavor; onDR. MRS. RETURN. AND LYMAN 12, 1938, monies September Monday, visit of President Grant the work by

participated F. Mission Elder of George in byClosing European ago; party centennial on a year and his

Office Announced the outstanding cooperation of United Richards of the Council of the Twelve

L. O. and Ashton and Marvin Joseph in foreign States representatives counaffairs of the directing the After Bishopric. Presiding of the tries; of Wirthlin condition favorable the on and** the for past in Europe Church for closed has temple more been The parnot countries those have which years, Richard Mrs. Dr. andtwo for extensive mechanical, than a year in ticipated during of the Europe wars City, Salt to returned LakeR. Lyman architectural, decorative improveand century. the past 1938. Dr. 29, LyAugustMonday, ments.

has the of Council of the Twelveman 2, Friday, 1938 September of the President there as Euserved MISSION CHANGE HOME PresiKimball, 85, Elder Golden J. comprising twelve Mission,ropean ANNOUNCED First of Seventy, the Council of dent sixteen units mission coveringseparate

in killed accident automobile '\T[7'ith an the to return the school was Church Sistercountries, LyBrown and Amy ** east of miles 35 Elder Reno, Nevada. Sesof system Elder Wyley J. affairs the directed his wife, hasman, skull suffered fractured a Kimball and the sions, announcement by was made organizations. auxiliaryof women's leg left fracture the of compound when First 10, September Presidency on in themselves good reportedBoth

left in riding the the car he was which the of Elder of appointment 1938, Don their grandhealth. came them With of scene the at a highway highway the of to as succeed B. head Colton Lyman. Kathryndaughter, Amy sign. President Kimball, detour born S. Colton, L. Elder Mission D. Home.

With the return of Dr. and Mrs. LyJune. 9, 1853, at Salt Lake City, Utah,

man, the First Presidency announced had been a member of the First Council the removal of the administrative base of Seventy since April 6, 1892. (See

of Church affairs in Europe from Lonpages 590 and 608.)

don to Salt Lake City, with the release of this statement: WASHINGTON, D. C, BRANCH

It has been decided that owing to airmail DIVIDED in transimprovements modernfacilities and in A press report of September 2, 1938, the missions henceforth thatportation,

Europe will be under the direct super- ** advises of the division of the Washvision of the First Presidency and the ington, D. O, branch into three units,

Council of the Twelve. They will be treatwhich division was effected under the

ed in the same manner as the missions in direction of President Frank Evans of visited at least will States be andthe United States Mission, the and Eastern now the Apostles, thus of year aonce by one the includes or Chapel Washington, supervision. directgiving them J. WYLEY SESSIONS DON B. COLTON

of the Twelve the Council of Each will M.Branch,Hales,headedwith byDr. PresidentRalph R. WallaceStevenlong prominent in Church and civic afvisiting of the misresponsibility thehave

sions of Europe, which by direct contact son and David M. Kennedy as counfairs, has served as United States Conwith the First Presidency and Council of selors; the Arlington Branch, headed by gressman from Utah, as President of

the Twelve, will keep in closer touch with President Laurence Manwaring with the Eastern States Mission, as Presithe progressive trends of the Church than Wilburn West and Wayne Brown as dent of the Uintah Stake, and as state they have heretofore. counselors; and the Chevy Chase senator and representative. A lawyer

Dr. Lyman commented particularly Branch, with President Jesse R. Smith, by training, Elder Colton is also a

on the value of recreational and athand Rosel Hyde and W. LaMar Webb recently appointed member of the Desletic activities as an aid to missionary as counselors. At the same time a eret Sunday School Union Board.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

STAKE NAMES NEW FIRST COUNSELOR HThomas M. Wheeler Sunday, Au-

A gust 29, became first counselor of the Highland L. D. S. stake presidency,

succeeding S. H. Nelson, who was released following his appointment to the

Church central welfare committee.

Carl C. Burton was chosen second

counselor to replace Mr. Wheeler, and

D. C. Kirk and Keith Casper were

named members of the stake high council.

ADVISORY CHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE HAWAIIANJAPANESE right, Left to front row: Harold B. Lee, Clyde C. Sterling Edmonds, Dr. Nelson, H. A. John Widtsoe,

G. Dr. Elmer Peterson, Dr. L. Dilworth Walker, standing: Winsor; Beers, C. M. D. Orval Stott, Dr. SECRETARY APPOINTED W.

Austin. Franklin S. Harris, Mark Eldred has gone to Waldron |hL'lder a newlycreated post of secretary AGRICULTURAL WELFARE MORMON BISHOP the HEADS of the Stake and Oahu Hawaiian COMMITTEE MINISTERIAL FORMED ASSOCIATION

HTo facilitate handing of all problems Dresident David H. Cannon of PasaandHeadquartersJapanese Missions.for all three units are

of the dealreports Plan Church Welfare the following: Stake dena conveniently in the located buildsame

agriculture, ing with a special advisory "Bishop of Roskelley M. W. Alhaming and because of the of growth

committee was organized September 7, bra Ward, Pasadena Stake, was retivities in the islands the new permanentac1938. cently chosen Chairman of the Minposition was created.

Sterling H. Nelson, member of the isterial Association of Alhambra, which Elder Waldron filled a mission to

General Committee, is chairman of the organization is made up of thirtytwo Hawaii in 193537, and was supervisor is ministers subcommittee. of in various vicechairman denominations The of the Sunday School and M. I. A. He

that area. Bishop outRoskelley newlyappointed C. a Clyde Edmonds, is an accompanied was to his Hawaii by

in getting standing interof the persons General man Committee, member wife.

with C. Orval Stott, field representaested in the work of the Church, and

tive, as secretary. tells me that all of the Ministerial AsHARRISON R, MERRILL PASSES

sociation is of officers which he Chairman, with Assisting these as members August 20, 1938, Harrison R. single exception, one are reading of the S. F. Harris, are committee Dr. now of the head Extension DiQn Merrill, It the of to occurs Book Mormon. of the president me Brigham UniYoung vision of Brigham University, Young is that quite this achievement."an presiversity, Peterson, Dr. G. Elmer former Associate of Editor ImThe Agricultural the State of dent Utah 1938 23, August for five provement years, Era a and Dr. UniCollege; Dilworth Walker, President Mrs. and Heber Grant of the General J. member of the Board

of of professor versity economics; Utah, the to a pilgrimage made of grave ReYoung Men's Mutual Improvement As-

S. Biological the of L. Winsor, U. M. of becca Winters, the one Pioneers sociation, who his at passed in away home engineer, city Beers, and Survey; D. W. died to enroute in Salt valley, Lake Provo, as Utah, result of a complicaCommittee. of the General AustinMark connection with ceremonies conducted tions following an appendectomy. ( See of of the Council Dr. A. Widtsoe John Trail by the Oregon Memorial Assopages 608, 592, 594, and 610.)

agricultural advisor to the and Twelve ciation. {Concluded on page 620)

to will continue Committee the General direct the activities of the subcommittee on agriculture.

To further facilitate the work of the subcommittee it has been divided as follows Fruit marketing and canning, Mr.

Nelson and Mr. Edmonds.

Land Projects, Mr. Winsor and Dr.

Walker.

New Industries, Dr. Peterson.

Irrigation water, Mr. Beers.

Crops and new uses for farm products, Dr. Harris.

CLYDE C. EDMONDS APPOINTED TO WELFARE MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOMECOMMITTEE ARRIVED AUGUST 29, 1938—DEPARTED SEPTEMBER 15, 193S

/lyde C. Edmonds, General Manager Rixie LeftReese,to Mrs.right, Goeltz,first row:Mr. Goeltz,John A.LaVonStevens,Hendricks.John A. Davis, Mary Tryon, Verletta Mendenhall, Deone Dance,

row: Second J. Jones, Don Sidney Jr., Allen, Elyd Johnson, Louise Patrick, Brian, Mrs. Farr, the Maybeth Poultry Producers Emma Utah of Hollinger, AsZelma Arthur C. Pierce, Merritt Egan, H. Quenten E. Crockett.sociation, appointed has been a memrow: Third J. Mrs. Sessions, W. H. Henry Bawden, Milton Baumgartner, Davis, Donald Wilson Florence

Barker, Black, Myrna Janet Bridge, B. Anderson, Reed E. W. Saurey, Austinber the Sessions. of General J. Wyley Welfare Church

F LaVor C. T. Chapman, Reese, M. Morris Hill, C. Whitlock, LeonI. Timpson, Olsen, Grace Griffin, |: Cora,0Urt picture storyCommittee. and (See J. Ralph. Richards,|V0W Coeman Madsen, Allen, Max Rheim Jones. M.

Fifth row: Dale J. Walter Brown, Richard Anderson, Agriculturalon Advisory Bigelow, H. Wilford Welfare Charles Clark, V. Helen Mar

Carter, H. Thompson, Wm. Leon A. Cahoon, Cleve R. Jones, Call. D. Dean this page.)Committee, Mr. Edmonds Sixth Bernard row: Mecham, R. Thomas Weelwright, Giauque, James John H. Bjarmason, Litster, R. DeRell

Grant F. Gardner, Willis Ericksen, F. John to the Wesche, R. withcomes General Don Committee Anderson, Lewis Lloyd. H.

Seventh row: Sheldon Hunt, Chester L. Olsen, Thomas 0. Parker, Lloyd, Paul George Hill, Ralph Cannon, M.a valuable of background Church, Grant R. Holt, Howard Kasteler, Alma H. John Jr. Redd,

row:civic Omos experience, business - Terrv F having and 'E - Beecroft, David Edwin Todd, Jack David, Frank C. Coleman, w- Arnold fxh.,-..,H[ldebrandt,.EiBh Wallace Sorensen, Sam F. Curtis, Samuel Oliver E. Hansen, Ralph G. Holton. distinctive in contributions sevmade J. Ninth row: Keith Hansen, Jed Shields, Robert G. Hodson, Allen Bennion, LeRue E. Thurston, H. Russell

fields. Margetts,eral Ross Flake, King S. Udall, filled a mission Keith He formerly Erickson.

row: Orson P. Arnold, Samuel L. Holmes, T. Smoot, Garth Deon Westonskow, Lawrence Ericks Larsen, is Britainto Great and a member Carlson, of Roy E.Tenth R. Brown, Wayne Chesley Brown, Talmage Madsen Thomson, Walker P. Mabeythe the of High Council Eleventh Stake. row: Hyland E. Carroll. Wayne

fcdii&uaL

and constitute the unshakeable foundation and framework of the Kingdom of God on earth.

May all who heard J. Golden Kimball, practice

in their lives, and send down to the coming years,

Semiannual Conference Ninth Hundred of the wise counsel that he One A. W. THE gave!—/. Christ Saints the Church of Jesus of Latterday

will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, on Friday, October 7, 1938, at 10 a. m., continuing Z&wuajdil <R. VYbuviilL

with sessions on Saturday, October 8, and Sunday,

October 9. The General Priesthood meeting will be 'T'he staff of The Improvement Era mourns the

held Saturday evening, October 8, at 7 o'clock. passing of Harrison R. Merrill. He gave constructive service to the Era and the cause it represents during his editorial incumbency. The issues

from November, 1931, to February, 1936, reveal the intelligent direction that he gave the magazine.

Harrison R. Merrill was able to do this and similar work to the satisfaction of all concerned because he had the power of clear imagination, of

First Presidency. vision. He was a dreamer of dreams. Poets, philosophers, and prophets, all who stir the world into

progressive activity, are but active dreamers, for they conceive in the present, the possible pattern jL. DldstfL JdmbolL ofterialthe termsfuture,theirandinmostthen setvisions.about toBrotherrealize Merrillin ma-

"Dich in years and the good will of his fellow men, was largely endowed with this power. It found

J. Golden Kimball, senior president of the First vent in stories and poems, in the formulation of

Council of Seventy, has entered the realms of editorial policies, and in other creative enterprises.

Eternity. There he will be welcomed by the By that power he saw the coming man in every

Master, as one who fought his fight well, and failed boy, the goodness in the soul of the sinner, the not in faith. Lord in every stone and tree as in sunshine and

silver lining of the cloud was never The living link in rain. lost another remain have who We shut out his eyes. from glorious the pioneer that days the chain binds us to

of Utah and the West. Upon us rests more and Those who have such insight beget love for their

more the heavy but happy task of keeping alive, environment. Brother Merrill loved his fellow

within the mountain valleys and throughout the men; he also loved the beasts of the field, the rivers,

world, as a burning light, the faith and ideals of our and the trees, the mountains and the deep canfathers. yons, the silences of the desert, and the shy flowers

This was really the life message of J. Golden of spring. To him the sunrises and sunsets, the

Kimball. He clung to the memory of his prophetic warm sun, the snow, the zephyr and bitter wind,

sire, the distinguished pioneer leader Heber C. were as spiritual food, which strengthened him to

Kimball, and sought to carry over into this age, serve more nobly and helpfully among men and to fix upon the wills of living men, the high aswomen. He loved and was loved, for love alone

pirations and unfaltering courage, the settled faith begets love.

of his father and of those who with him built the Brother Merrill's passing, untimely as it seems foundations upon which stands the present day. He to us, has caused widespread grief. Students,

tried to translate the past into the present, and he technical workers, the fields of imaginative literdid it effectively. ature and art appreciation, will miss his friendly

To J. Golden Kimball was vouchsafed a choice support and sound counsel.

but uncommon gift. His thoughts expressed in However, Brother Merrill knew and understood

public or private, lingered and echoed long after the Gospel. He had preached it abroad, and

they were heard. This gift also placed upon him taught it as a ward, stake, and general officer at

the keen responsibility of guarding well his every home. He knew the everlasting nature of man;

utterance and advice. It was this echoing gift that that death is but the passing of an imperishable

spirit from time into eternity, with power unimmade him so unique a personality—one of a generation. To the best of his ability he used this paired, indeed greatly increased, with possibilities

power for the benefit of his fellow men. infinitely extended. He had a testimony of the

Above all, the heart of J. Golden Kimball beat in truth of the Gospel taught by the Prophet Joseph

unison with the restored Gospel of the Lord Jesus Smith.

Christ. Steadily, without thought of self, he Now that he has gone, we need to follow his

served throughout his long life the interests of the path of righteous works, if we would do him honor.

Church, especially of the quorums of Seventy. His Blessed be his memory! Blessed be those whom he

faith in the reality of the latterday work of the has left behind. As they turn to the life of their

Lord had risen to supreme knowledge. Doubt father they will know how to decide the issues of

had fled. Men who attain such knowledge, whatlife. All of us may tread the way of love more

ever their human imperfections may be, are defaithfully for having known Harrison R. Merrill.

votedly loyal to the Cause, its officers and members,—/. A. W.

60S when they are honest. That's the way we like

our advertising, too.—R. L. E.

fact, I care don't kind of soap of matter whatAsa girls use. glamorous, I'm not and P. S. Some enterprising representative of the the glamor

industry dairy should for get an endorsement that waywouldn'tsoand-so's make soap me the British from racer. celebrated Cobb, John milkWe right, that's them. But it does than moreany don't at times, drinks other he but what know the to world having object I don'tand know—ifall nerve, strength, he needs complete conand

if that it's in an whenit's truth, told such the a way and trol all his of faculties, mental physical he and conclusions. the wrong reach won't mindimmature preparation. drinks a milk the seen We've memBut what I do object to are the halftruths, the bers of his crew carry it to him as his head has

outright untruths, and the subtle suggestions which emerged from the cockpit of his car each time he has lead to incorrect inferences. As one eminent nacompleted a "measured mile"lap at speeds around

tional advertising executive put it, in a release sent the 350 m. p. h. mark on the Bonneville Salt Flats in

out from the Advertising Federation of America: Utah.

There is nothing we can do, of course, about correcting of so individual of the copy appeal "screwy"some many n'wdh. diodth. Tlo Soaaoiv ihoL "great theadvertisers, even to appeals are obviously, which

medicines, silly. patent Cosmetics,unwashed,"downright liver fcohik. QonnoL Kswdl'health, promise beauty, and happyand foods which

all Cigarnailing to the cross. are themselvesto and sundry

acidity, and, Tn these languorous days of fragrant beauty, sorettes will digestion, reduce help your which by none too subtle inference, make an opera singer, a baseball row loses its keen edge, softened by the sights star, or a great lover of the office boy, are heading their and sounds and odors that are part of our earthly products straight into the furnace of public contempt. heritage. During this season the lure of the open

for ridiculous products other claims a thousand and These road makes everyone want to take the trail for flaunted for years in the public been face of thewhich have will take care of themselves by the simple process of selfparts unknown the better to enjoy this loveliness.

strangulation. They are, of course, contributing to the fall Glorious as travel is, nature's bounty has provided

of advertising and should be eliminated.... for the penniless a richness that cannot be purchased with even the most expensive of steamAnd what of the celebrities themselves? There ship tickets or the fastest of automobiles.

is reason to believe that many of them are in the that cannot distinguished hummingbird be The ofposition after the wellknown opera star who, train the from of speeding windows a compels hisselling to endorsement of cigarbrand a certain attention gardener. an observant from roses Wildettes, later being his questioned and concerning that only blur color of a a from passing become

in saidendorsement, substance: course "Of their car loiterer. dispense to fragrance the The

irritate cigarettes don't that my stream a becomes a poor to accompaniment

I itthroat. Is use possible never them."that such

full throbbing into swells motor for a symphony are toendorsements considered within the realm be its the along banks. bird's wanderer song The truth,of influare even they to purchased when is lost in that the grinding the of wheels locomotive

ence others? bursts into a glorious chorale for the solitary

But just when we have reached the point of comlingerer in woods and glades.

plete discouragement there comes relieving news. The stayat-home finds the needed time for the

The New York Times of August 6, 1938, reports solitude that will serve to renew his lifeforce within that: him. While sitting beside a tree, one of the greatest

The famous Corrigan grin disappeared for a while as he gifts of a beneficent Creator, one can feel arise spoke of what some beer company had done. They used within himself emotions, thoughts, ambitions, that

his photograph in such a way as to imply that he endorsed without solitude would become as evanescent as a their said. beer, he of fact, a matter he neither drinks As cloud or as purposeless as a dream. While workgoingnor smokes to endorse he is and the fuel only and

other things he actually has used, he said. And he isn't going with plants and flowers, the miracle of life is

ing to take any night club or vaudeville work, either. acknowledged awesomely.

The city dweller can look up to the mountains

And a recent report concerning Sonja Henie, and derive courage and hope. The mountain

appearing in Nordstjarnan (see also August Era, dweller can look down into the valleys and gain page 492 ) and translated for us from the Swedish, tranquillity. Earth has a balm for all who dwell

says: thereon: scudding clouds by day and twinkling

playful breezes stars by night; refreshing and

in Trust is said large Tobacco America received to have A lives, showers. earth provides Wherever manthe following answer from Henie, Sonja for when it asked

her signature or testimony to be used in advertising the beauty lavishly. She needs offer no apology for

cigarettes it manufactured: "I do not smoke. I will not the blows she deals; within herself and of herself,

accept your $2,500.00. I am ashamed of women who smoke. she heals the wounds and gives great joy. By livIt is a disgraceful, dirty, and degenerating habit. Goodbye."ing close with earth, rather than by rapidly skimming over it, one comes to appreciate more fully the

If these reports be correct, we say: Congratulabeauty of the present and the true value of mortions to Douglas Corrigan and Sonja Henie, and tality. Earth is a part of the eternal cycle, bringing

many others like them. sorrow to intensify joy; black despair to strengthen

We like celebrities—but we like them better whitelife.—M.hope;C. /.and mortal death to teach of eternal

dULjhajdbitL Pacific Ocean Missionary (Concluded from page 580) as Madame Galli Curci, Zane Grey, many movie stars, several of the titled nobility of England, millionaires, and numerous successful business men.

By HARRISON R. MERRILL Being a greatgrandson of some of

the early converts and pioneers of the

V—H rtsengerScottin Provo,is an expressUtah. mesHe Churchmade Saltin Australia,Lake his headquartersElder Alwardwhenhas

-*- -L often tells how he once traded he is not traveling. Originally coming

knives with a millionaire. from Australia, he was living in the

It was back in 1896. Art Scott, city of Newcastle, in the state of New

then a boy of ten, pulled a new South Wales, actively interested in the knife from the pocket of his overChurch of England (Episcopal) when alls and held it up to the gaze of the missionaries returned to that city

Uncle Jesse Knight, then a poor after many years'absence, and after prospector. Uncle Jessie's eyes kinART SCOTT attending street meetings and cottage

dled. meetings he joined the Church of Jesus

"Some knife,"he said, admiring was offered a fourth interest in the Christ of Latterday Saints, being bapthe pearl handle. mine for the courtesy, although tized prior to his parents. Years later

Art Scott knew it was "some Uncle Jesse had agreed to pay inhe had the privilege of baptizing his knife."He had given a whole dolterest on the loan, and the principal father.

lar and a half for it—a dollar and in full. But the friend made the Recently Elder Alward returned to

a half that 'had required careful mistake of sending along with his Salt Lake City from a three months'hoarding on his part for months. check a protest "at putting money visit to Australia where he attended

Art also knew that Uncle Jesse liked in a hole in the ground."Uncle the Centenary celebrations, which

knives, for was he not always whitJesse did not like that protest and were held in Sydney, and visited in tling something—little shovels and so returned the check, raising his several Australian states, attending consingle-jacks and miner's lamps—out thousand dollars by means of a mortferences during the visit of Elders

of wood? gage on his home. George Albert Smith and Rufus K.

Art Scott, though a mere boy, Hardy. He assisted in newspaper pubheard these stories and his faith licity during the stay of these two

wavered. He knew Uncle Jesse was brethren in Australia.

him. he broke. met day about One to brought Recently Ben Alward in yet?"the come Humbug "Has football a President autographed Grant

inquired. he Australian famous Rugby by many

Jesse, always said Uncle "Nope,"the stars to presented been had which talk to boy. willing with any

of basketball Melbourne, S. team L. D.

it?"ain't time, asked Art "Long missionof seven composed Mormon artfully. not too

their aries, in appreciation of demontime,"long a Uncle "Yeah, and blocking, football strations of American off at the rockeyes Jesse's gazed tackling Australian before passing, and long sides of Godiva. ribbed "A

football audiences numbering from you're time,"repeated. he "Maybe

people. to 40,000 5,000 dollar,"tired that waitin'for he of

is of the brother HonElder Alward rather suggested. have you "Would Lieutenant- S. orable Alward, Fred fifty cents a dollar than when now

is former of a Nevada, Governor who in?"the comes Humbug

still to acAustralia missionary and said I believe Art I would,""Yep, JESSE KNIGHT in tively work. engaged Church Scott, quickly.

The two were standing on the side "Here's your money,"said Uncle The seven Mormon athletes preaching in have Under"the "Land Down in the rich Mountain Jesse. of Godiva the Humbug when "Now

their successful with exceptionally district in mining Utah. Tintic in a dollar been you won't have In comes

basketball have defeated team. They driving those Uncle days a dollar."Jesse was comin'—nary quints in Meloutstanding most of the a tunnel a friend which Art Scott rehad named "Nary a dollar,"

"The Humbug."peated. bourne, a city of more than a million

the defeated population. they Recently knives,"later did "Let's trade Jesse Uncle weeks the Humbug Two

Victoria. of the state champions of in."It joking suggested. turned with so out ore Always the "come

boy, he added, "I'll give you my rich that Uncle Jesse was wealthy Members of the club are: Elders

Everett, K. T. Williams, Norman John million dollars dollar knife or more. a and when the Humbug over night—a Wright, E. Olsen, Kenneth Barton for in that that not so But comes wealthy Jimdandy."he was

"All right,"said Art Scott. he forgot Art Scott, his neighbor's Capt.; Frank Bailey, Reed Richardson

The trade was made and time boy, even if he was only half past and Byron T. Moore.

passed. Uncle Jesse kept scratching ten. He went over to the boy's After recent Mormon missionary

away in the face of the Humbug tunhome one day and hired him, keeping athletic activities in Port Melbourne, nel while his friends and critics alike him on his payroll for months. a Melbourne newspaper reported:

ridiculed him. "He'll never strike And Art Scott, as he juggles his Watch Mormons Throw

anything over there,"they said with express packages in the office where a unanimous voice. "The Tintic he works in Provo, often tells of At Port Melbourne each of the squad was

leads don't run that way. He's out when he traded knives with a milpresented, on behalf of the Council, with a

of the district."lionaire and "came close to getting medallion that bore the crest and motto of

But Uncle Jesse never wavered. one of the first dollars to be paid for the city....

teetotalers, Port so the are The Mormons friend the refused large interest a famous had which Humbug,"became A the bar for closed its private day committee in the the proffered of its age. mine wonder which Uncle him was healths in drinking joined the Americans Jesse and

without charge for a bit of legal astook out of Godiva Mountain apin milk. The visitors will have a gridiron

sistance. Another friend had lent proximately thirteen million dollars football sent to the club from America, in

Uncle Jesse a thousand dollars and gross before he died a few years ago. some little measure of their appreciation.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON//y

REMEMBERING BIRTHDAYS the pudding for dinner. Surprising the

By Laura Gray heartyfun therebirthdayis in hugthis! fromAn Motherespeciallyis Rooting the Peg

( Concluded from page 604Issued by the National Kindergarten another lookedfor event. A homemade

Association, 8 West AQth Street, cake, with such simple things as a said to me, "Drive it in. Drive it in

I didn't want to, but he I did. to, and New York City penny,china doll,thimbleeach wrappedand glassin waxmarblepaperor wantedhard."me

penhidden counted sight, brings and from unforTommySix-yearold Well, there he got down and nies, nickels, delight. spread and dimes on gettable

it grass, the rooted and he the floor. cents!""Fifty special annotice he from Some every chewed

nounced at last. member of the family enriches the day. with his mouth. The rule is not to

"I've got money, too!"beamed his Brother does Sister's chores, and the use your hands. He finally came up

fouryear-old sister Mary, clutching compliment is returned on Brother's with the peg in his mouth. I was

coins from her moneybox. birthday. It's the loving thought that never more proud of my father in my

"Quick, hide them! Here comes makes the day memorable. Birthdays life. It taught me a lesson to be

Mother!"Tommy sat on his. axe well worthwhile. square with my fellows. It taught

But it turned out that the sounds me that if you have to root the peg, along the hall were made by Father. root it, and root it right.

to buy Mother a birthday "We want present."children their The next thing that happened was Both dropped

savings into his hand. that we played again, and this time "Sh, not so loud!"he said, smiling, he beat me—and I got down and

as he softly shut the door. Then he rooted that peg just as hard as he

settled into an armchair and took his had. And when I pulled it out I was

little just his knee. daughter on as I could be. as proud "Yes, you diahsi&L. diow—present a nice with that."can buy is a There principle in wonderful

teaset!"dolly's a Mother "Buy that. should Everybody play mumBeauty skin only deep, be maypiped Mary. blepeg learn to that if lesson, the but skin and does appreciate how that!"scoffed doesn't want "Mother feeling the beautiful smoothness to root the peg, have you root then

in of pockets deep the handsTommy, it. Linit that to impart can Linit it right.

his trousers. short i.s is from corn, which made recom-

"What does Mother like very much mended for use on the tender, senherself?"asked Father. sitive skin of babies—and it can Several things were named before give to your skin that same reMY DAUGHTERIN-LAW

quality that makes it good thought of "pretty cups to put freshingTommy for babies. COOKS AS WELL AS I 00 closet."in her china

"Would you like to see what I have SINCE SHE CHANGED TO birthday?"for Mother's

for dintrying this for the How'sther. keep a "Can you askedsecret—untilthe fathat ner extra must be something.GLOBE 'Al"tomorrow?"special?

They were both sure they could. He

drew a small box from his pocket and CLAM FRITTERS showed them a beautiful little wrist watch. 3/4 c. Globe "Al"Pancake and

Flour just she "That's wants! what

t. pepper Vsher say so!"exclaimed Tommy,I heardas he Waffle tb. minced onion IV2

gift. the lovelyexamined c. milk 2/3

"Now you two run down to the store 1/2 c. minced clams (fresh or

and buy the cup and saucer. I'll keep canned)

Mother safe until you come back."Globe "Al"oil

"We're going to give Mother her To pancake flour add pepper and breakfast in bed tomorrow,"Tommy onion; turn into the milk, beating

whispered aglow, and they were off, until smooth. Fold in clams and

into from tablespoon drop deep, a skippinghopping with delight. and

oil until (370 hot degrees) golden to lose are Birthdays too wonderful paper. Drain brown. on absorbentsight of—in childhood years, at any (The batter may be baked on a hot

rate. It is easy enough for youngsters griddle as for pancakes.) Serve

to look forward to their own birthdays, with the following sauce:

and they can be taught to enjoy making another happy on his festal day. 1 c. tomato sauce

But when the family income doesn't 1 c. chili sauce

t. chili powder V2quite daily cover birthdays some-

t. 1/2 salttimes presseem

t. like nightmares—thatneeds, pepper V4ent that must be bought! "Make t. garlic salt Vs

presents,"someone suggests. Good Dash cayenne pepper

advice, if strength and time are not t. t. Worcestershire sauce

already overtaxed. Horseradish to taste

But it's wonderful what little things Heat all ingredients in double make a birthday happy. In one family boiler and serve hot.

the birthday child is allowed to choose

The Magic Spear and lives of the Chinese boys and girls ed on good paper, and is in a readable

Other Stories through the storytelling fests and type—M. C. /.

(Louise Crane, Illustrated, Random through the theater, to which the very

House, New York, 1938. 244 pages. youngest children are taken regularly Master Builders of Sixty

$2.50.) in order to teach to those unable to Centuries

read their history and national ideals. ( John Anderson Miller, D. Appletonwritten the foreword by Dr. LinTn similar Spear"sounds Century, "The Magic New York, 1938. 315A statement Yutang, one significant is to story the George Washington with pages. $3.00.)

made, "It is by our imaginations that overtones of Nathan Hale.

we shall come to know each other The collection includes twelve stories "Duilding a thorough respect for the (i. e., the Chinese and the Americans) all of which emphasize the sterling qualachievements of all builders from

better."ities of diligence, honesty, gratitude, the earliest recorded history of man is

This book is a collection about the loyalty which people all over the world the accomplishment of Mr. Miller in

heroes and heroines of China whose will do well to learn. this book. Mr. Miller, a trained enlives have been interwoven into the The book is well illustrated, is printgineer, understands the principles of

construction as well as the working of the human mind. Beginning with the

great pyramid of Cheops, Mr. Anderson leads us into all countries of the

world to look at the tremendous accomplishments of mankind. In Babylon, China, Yucatan, Rome, Greece, CONFERENCE Syria, France, Holland, England,

America, Mr. Anderson has gathered

the choicest stories of these master builders in order that he may stimulate with folk older today our youth and SPECIALS glory the of and the majesty of man Outstanding values in L. D. S. literature, general books, and his ability.—M. C. /.

highgrade merchandise are offered at the Deseret Book Company

DURING CONFERENCE ONLY. The Hobbit

(J. R. R. Tolkein, Illustrated,

Here are a few of our exceptional Conference offers in books: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1938.

During 310 pages. $2.50.)

Regular Conference title registhat the the moment "Crom Message and Characters of the Book of Mormon, until the book, *"ters of the the end Evans $6.00 $1.00 John Henry

reader is transported into a world of

Ancient Apostles, McKay 1.25.79 fantasy and makebelieve that is very

Apostles of Jesus Christ, Anderson.. 1.25.79 much akin to that of Alice in Wonderland. Essentially English in its locale

The Lesser Priesthood, Keeler 1.25 1.00 and setting, it finds much response in

The Gospel, Man's Relationship to Deity 1.25 1.00 the hearts of makebelieve people regardless of nationality.

What Jesus Taught Widtsoe 1.25.79 Instead of the lookingglass which

Comprehensive History, Roberts, 6 volumes 30.00 25.00 opened the door for Alice, the hobbithole opened an entirely new world on

Documentary History, 7 volumes.....17.50 10.00 Bilbo Baggins, the hobbit. From a snug

The Voice of the Intangible... 2.00 1.50 little home in the hill, he was led into

all kinds of adventure and even wealth.

The Great Migration 5.00 3.00 Which may mean that he who saves

The Majesty of Calmness, Jordan.60.25 will lose, while he who ventures will

win.

Soul's Fire, Stokes.-... 2.75 1.47 The colored plates also make the

Life of J. Golden Kimball........... 2.50 1.96 book a very inviting one to peruse.

These prices are all cash and carry. Add 10% to the special price if the books are to be Plot and Counterplot in

mailed. Also add 2% for the State Sales Tax for all purchases in Utah. Add $1.00 for Central Europe

sets History. mailing on of Church

(M. W. Fodor, Houghton, Mifflin

AA/HEN"* leaveyouyourcomeordersinto Conference,for ChristmascallCards.in the ADeseretdepositBookwillCompanywarrant andour pages.Company,$3.50.)Boston, 1937. 317

executing the order, and we will hold the cards for delivery in November or 'T'aking the countries south of Hitler, December. * the author analyzes situations inWe carry the largest stock of books in the Intermountain region. terestingly and completely. In the light

of recent happenings in Austria, his.

conclusions seem prophetic. Fodor's

understanding of the peoples who make DESERET BOOK up the southern part of Europe has been included in the book and will serve to clear many questions that,44 East South TempleCOMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah casual observers of European affairs "The Store of a Thousand Gifts"have not understood.

With all the erudition he displays.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

in a knowledge of the historical and Step by Step in Sex Education political countries of the complexion in every should find a place and home Compilations New Music treats, he alsohe knows to word how parents, only not be read, by for Ward Use should his invitingly. information Plot and Announced

CounterPlot answers the "why and but also by youth."From a review by

wherefore"of the tricky happenings in (\f interest to Church musiEleanor C. Kemp, M. D. (ParentCentral Europe. M. C. J. - cians is the announcement by Teacher Consultant in Psychoan-

the General Music Committee, alysis), San Francisco, Calif.The Old Sheriff and Elder Melvin J. Ballard, ChairOther Stories man, of a number of outstanding illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItlllllllUIIIUItllllllllE

(Lafayette Hanchett; Margent collections of anthems and other

I WRITE FOR CATALOGS AND!Press, New York; illustrated. inselectionsthe L. D.speciallyS. Churchchosenservice.for use

206 pages. $2.50.) Eight Favorite Anthems is a I PRICES- 1

"Rrom a life crowded full of rich excompilation of choice numbers * periences Lafayette Hanchett has by Evan Stephens and includes of loved composihis most some stories he of thesecompiled the West tions. association intimate with throughknew

will appreciate Choruses Maleit the did towards and much men who the of arrangement "Come, Come, themaking West. Ye Saints,""The Morning

"The Old Sheriff"was Uncle Billy Breaks,"and many other favorites

Cosens, of Middle Park, Colorado, a in a book entitled, Sacred Chorman who had done much in his day to uses for Male Voices, by J.

tame the West. The stories connected Spencer Cornwall.

with the Old Sheriff are not significant Of exceptional merit is the although they are interesting. compilation of twenty copyright

To the intermountain dweller those anthems chosen from the publiwhich picture the activities of D. C. cations of Carl Fischer. These

Jackling and Samuel Newhouse are anthems are within the capabilprobably best. ities of the average ward choir.

| Mr. Hanchett tells his stories in a Many of them are being sung by | music.ChurchHaveservicesyou areconsideredbetter withgettinggood

direct and simple manner, using converthe Tabernacle Choir on its Sun- | a new organ? |

sation to enliven them. day morning broadcasts. The

The book, printed on beautiful paper, music has been composed by some FAMOUS is divided into three parts: "About of the most celebrated musicians

Pioneer Days,"15 stories; "About Big of all time. The words have been

to to L. conform D. made stories;Business,"6 Travel S. | "About ESTEY ORGANS j

tenets. Collection Anthem The = stories. 17 both pipe reedAdventures,"and and the Harrison two new R. |

electrically oroperated I manual is reed finest the the | one of books ComMerrill sold exclusively gans by mittee has ever published.

Breakfast With the Clowns All of the books are being dis- (Rosalie Slocum, The Viking tributed by the Deseret Book | General Company. Music ComPress, | 1937. $1.00.) York, New DAYNES mittee; Mitchell, Sec- N. Lorenzo MUSIC COMPANY this children, young very"pOR the retary. Lake City. Utah Main St.—Salt South | 47 | filled*"little circus picwith book

tures and with very little writing will fini itiniiii iiiiii in imiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimi iiiiiiiiiiiiniiic offer endless hours of enjoyment. All

children are interested in animals and these circus creatures will focus their attention, long after mother has finished reading the thread of a story which binds them together. M. C. ]. SERVING YOUTH SINCE 1875

Step by Step in Sex Education (By Edith Hale Swift, The Keeping pace with the progress of the great Church which

Macmillan Company, New York fosters it, Brigham Young University this month passes its 63rd

City. 207 pages. $2.00.) anniversary. Since October 16, 1875, when President Brigham

fathers will greeted be by bookHPhis it, of service this in extent institution has grown endowed Young their mothers wish -* and who of Zion. its Stake chiluntil influence every encompasses now along education to a sanedren have

sex lines. The Church University seeks to train young men and women

form has taken an original Dr. Swift for leadership—temporal as well as spiritual. Its lodestars are the familyfor the book. She uses

circle—father, mother, son and daughscholarship,ter—as a setting. Questions are asked spirituality, character.

by son and by daughter of either father FOUNDERS'DAY OBSERVANCE or mother. There are a few chapters

devoted to father's and mother's conOCT. 17, 1938

ferences together, in which they prepare themselves to answer the chilat Prove Utah dren's problems. The parent to whom

a question is asked does so, withoutany attempt to defer it to the other BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY parent....

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

five these famproject of the moving given of hours quorums. Priesthood Long MEETING UNIONPRIESTHOOD

to Valley. ilies miles Chino four hundred fields, holiday evenings, short toil in the PriestMelchizedek stake one; every worthwhile It project real a P\oes and a was trips, weather, and hot vacation and** brethren these it the marvelous way regular was hold committee. hood this are incident season to things other project. this duties their toward of hold took offithe with meetings unionmonthly factors. all sumcontributing But now Priestthe of photo members shows This the of Priesthood teacherscers and is fall is here. Schools over and mer of loading one as they were hood quorum beof Twelve Councilquorums? The all full in operation. the to quorum transport are Have used the vans which was the to essential are meetingslieves such families. of these furniture belongings and committees officers Priesthood and

prosperity of the quorums, the assumpturned again to their Priesthood duties More than twenty members of the quorum follow meetings these that the in while operation, being participatedtion actually before? ever than devotion with more

to the contributed of entire the the suited to money quorum needs bestprograms Plan, hands. not stay Brethren, your

to of take care of extent nearly $300.00 them. attendthose who to a to your lead quorums study, work expense. the been held has meetings be such That activity ever beof than degree greater brother, Sincerely your columns. these in advisedrepeatedly fore. have you good may However Aird Macdonald. W. following: the ImprovereviewPlease still is for improvethere room been

ment Era, December, 1937, pp. 768, ment. Perfect your organization, apSTAKE TEMPLE EXCURSIONS

inclusive; I-II features especially769, SUCCESSFUL their PROVE outline committees, your I; point 104, column p. 1938,February, enthusiduties, plan work, go and stake stakes undertaken "RflANY have

I, etc. column 170, p. 1938,March, LVA factors astically are making at excursions with temple marked it—theseyour meetings union at these to do What satisfied nothing success. for with Be part the success enthusiasm on and references the inis indicated clearly season the less success. than Make the of instance of the members. One the of 9, particularly 769given, p. No. in Priestsuccessful the most 193839 is related spirit outings attending such Era. (1937)December stakes that activities your and hood letter in following excerpts a the from auxiliaries the condition would What seen. yet have wards of President from H. Cummings Clay it their for in not stakes be were theof will third quarter ended have The Stake: Wasatch the meetings? Sundayunion Would It is this you. reaches message when City, Heber Utah their presfor have example,Schools, reports of quarterly the quorums Salt hoped Presidency Lake Temple

ent fine state of efficiency had no union for the third quarter will reach stake May I impose upon your time with a meetings of their officers and teachers and Church headquarters by the end little thought of appreciation for a wonbeen held? Officers and teachers, to be of the first week in October. Promptderful privilege you extended to the people

stake, so us their done our has much for to whichefficient, be trained need ness means much to the success of quoof that to to good. go was The privilege meeting be union a maywork. Hence rum work. workers, of stake as a group Sacred House school, training a place where atermed

united love, to in service our dead through organization in charge of anthose CONCERNING may MORE official after the then done and work was best to manage it and makelearn how CHINO VALLEY inspiring the to have wonderful very and it work most effectively. Tn this department and elsewhere in opportunity of a testimony meeting in the

the Priesthood stake that urge to with a visit crowned Chambers We previous the magazine on Temple comment for the carefully rooms. plan a upper programcommittee project appeared. the has Valley Chino cannot I think Brethren, possibly many officers of and meeting unioneach

to the regard manner in which With this fully blessing understand great a what consider to meeting eachteachers, what families the from San were moved like ours. stake favor bestowed a uponis groups quoand to be done by

until after President to could not Valley, had Chino Diego made Macwe We lesson the duringrums themonth—the visit. the writes: donald

activities of the projects, thework, of people our hundred There were two I enclose herewith a photograph which committees, etc., and the best way of might be interesting to you from another there that night and judging from their

doing these things. angle on the Chino Valley Project. Five expressions and improved attitude it is one

the best things which has happened to gather for meeting attend the families All who were moved from San Diego. Two of

... us of exercises transaction Priesthood quorumsopening and Diego were in San

I just detained were Although a little we all, or tobusiness in which all common first hear the yet to one a make interest. (especially Nexthave an of a glorious evein QUORUMFROM SANMEMBERSDIEGOMOVINGTO CHINONEEDY FAMILIESVALLEY. suggestionhave but anything

all the larger stakes) there should be ning and a desire to repeat. To the conpartments—Higha separation into Priests,three divisionsSeventies,or anddetrary,go againso manyand haveat leastaskedonce"why eachcannotthreeweElders—each in charge of someone months."

who has prepared to lead the group Sincerely your brother, in consideration of the matters that (Signed) H. Clay Cummings,

properly belong to it. After this the Wasatch Stake President.

for dismissal. reassemble USE OF THE INCOME FROM

all stake that PriesthoodgroupsWe hopemay PROJECTS QUORUM will attention earnest givecommittees and study to plans of making their union HPhe attention of the quorums is again meetings interesting, profitable, and succalled to the fact that the income cessful. To bring all the quorums into from quorum projects should be used

a newness of life is an objective that for the rehabilitation of quorum memwill challenge all the wisdom, skill and bers, support of missionaries, and other energy that any stake committee can projects, together with a contribution, command. Successful union meetings as may be decided upon by the ward

are a need of the hour. welfare board, to the L. D. S. Church

ACTION NEEDED Welfarethat at leastprogram.onehalfIt isofgenerallythe quorumfelt

HPhe summer season is generally the income should be retained by the pro- * period of lowest activity in the jects for quorum use.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

TIMES PIONEERECHOES FROM ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN harBishopPresiding Hunter was * vesting a crop of potatoes on one of the blocks in Salt Lake City. Seeing ANTINARCOTIC LAWS the proprietor of any place of business to

to permit knowingly minors frequent such thea asked standing fence he boy by place of business are using they towhile the nation, states of our except A ll from and he whathim where was of place business term here as The he ** three, require the public schools to bacco. said doing. from he was boywas The all used shall to apply places such any and

the East, living with his sister in Salt teach the harmful effects upon the huas shops, stores, factories, public garages,

Lake City, and was out of employment. man body of alcoholic beverages, tooffices, theatres, recreation and dance halls,

The Bishop suggested that if the boy bacco, and other forms of narcotics. pool rooms, cafes, cafeterias, cabarets, reswould help pick up potatoes, he would More than onehalf the state departtaurants, passenger coaches, and waiting

give him a sack of potatoes for his ments of education have issued special rooms. (Title 93, Chapter 3, Article 1.)

labor. This the boy did; and when he bulletins that give information, methtook the potatoes home, his sister was ods, technique, time, and place in the A recent excellent bulletin published

delighted. He repeated the work the school program necessary to meet the by West Virginia describes units of

next day and so on until the potatoes requirement of such laws. These study for all grades, and gives methods

were all harvested. The Bishop did not methods vary in the several states. for correlation with regular school subwant even a boy to be idle, or anyone Utah's antinarcotic laws read in part jects. In addition to such methods,

else who was able to work. as follows: public schools provide opportunities for

in students junior senior and high wives are and their Many farmers in various orof forms student the It shall be the duty of all Boards of schools well follow and mightoverworked officers in Education schools charge of and ganizations to for the study problem benefit to of the Bishop, withexample institutions educational in and supported their themselves to dereach and ownall. if not are overworked, they Even in or part whole to funds by public make cisions. example, in the For Elder Box to afford well divide a porthey could for provision inregular systematic and at City, School High Brigham Utah,tion in their help that of and work way struction in inphysiology hygiene, and

last in the the year boys'boys leagueothers themselves. to maintain cluding special to effects reference the of

Bishop David Evans of Lehi advised stimulants and narcotics upon the human and the girls in the girls'league ranked the people of his ward, in the early system. (Title 17, Chapter 45, Article 34, smoking as the most unpopular and disdays of the Church, to follow this plan. Revised Statutes, Utah 1933.) liked habit for either boys or girls in

... the school. in education promote health may father to and mother came my When

in civic patriotic service recent years, in and During continuing and places, many fall, in in 1868, the with theLehi year entire the year, over raise and and may the under juvenile leadership of court ages, children thosenine of various for expend said the in purposes money officers, public school administrators, to old enough were were workwho is as other manner same raised and money leaders or other orChurch community families in Saints ofplaced Latterday for school expended purposes. (Title 19,

directors, all ganization intergroupsto in farm, the the help home, them Article on 27, Title Chapter 6; 75, Chapter

in ested the suppression of the of use It Article al- 1.) 22,or not question elsewhere. a was

together as to how much they earned, Any person who furnishes to any minor narcotics have been invited to inform but it was important to father and by gift, sale, or otherwise any cigarette or each other regarding their several efmother that they had employment and cigarette paper or wrapper, or any paper forts. Out of such conferences grow

were not idle; that they might get the made or prepared for the purpose of making methods for coordinating and directing

experience early in life of maintaining cigarettes, or any tobacco of any kind whatthe total effort of the community. Last

is soever, guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall year in Sandy, Utah, a plan such was thosethemselves dependent upon and fine less punished a be of not by than initiated principal junior the of by thethem. experience This and work was or than $25.00 or more imprison- $299 by high school. blessings greatestone of the that came in jail the county ment six exceeding not

us, their children, forto which we shall months, or by both such fine and imprisgrateful to them. everbe (Mark (Title onment. 1, Article 93, Chapter 12.) Shall Priesthood Quorums Act?

Austin.... It is also a misdemeanor,... for Would it not be well for Priesthood

quorums everywhere to inform themselves what the antinarcotic laws in their respective communities are, especially with reference to minors, and then take steps to encourage their observance and enforcement? We suggest careful consideration be given to

this matter.

Shall the Campaign Fail?

The answer to the question "Shall the antiliquor-tobacco campaign fail?",

should it be asked, would come thundering back from all over the Church, "Certainly not."But to wish success

is one thing; to achieve success is quite

another.

Most surely every sincere Latterday

Saint would rejoice to learn that no member of the Church used either liquor or tobacco. But is every sincere

Latterday Saint willing to work to this desirable end? Surely, in so far as

feasible. Of this there can be no question.

OF PICTURES THE STAKE, ELDERS, OF SECOND OF ARE ABOVE THE BLAINE QUORUM AND THEIR But learn the truth. now, camThe

FAMILIES. INTO TRAVELING BIG MILES SEVENTY SAWTOOTH ON THE SMOKEY, MOUNTAINS THEY has lagging been stakes in some LAMBS. BARBECUED FIFTY FOUR THERE AND SERVED PRESENT. TWO HUNDRED WERE THE paign

AFTERNOON AND EVENING WERE SPENT WITH PROGRAM, BASEBALL, AND DANCING. (Continued on page 616)

...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

(Continued from page 615) of the face, clumsiness, and loud, The successive stages of intoxication on account of good and sufficient reaboisterous talk. Threetenths of one are similar to the stages of insanity, and

sons, which need not be stated here. percent concentration produces mental the acts performed by an individual

But this need no longer be the case. So confusion, disturbance in equilibrium under the influence of alcohol are the

we now come to you with the simple or balance and lack of coordination or acts of a disordered mind or an insane request that when you are approached the inability to perform coordinated person.

to assist in the campaign—to buy and muscular movements such as threading The sex instinct is an emotional inread a booklet, to speak favorably to a needle, writing, etc. Fourtenths of stinct common to both man and animal,

others about it, to act on a campaign one percent concentration produces but controlled in man by the higher reason, or to servecommittee, capacity to further wrong. the cause—thatin any otheryou markedfall downinstability;or sit in athestupor,individualis helplesswill mentaland the knowledgefunctions—judgment,of right and

will readily respond. Then the camand unintelligible. Greater concentraWhen intoxicated, these mental funcpaign will not fail. But work, enertions of alcohol than fourtenths of one tions are weakened or paralyzed and

getic work, enthusiastic work, are percent in the blood will produce unman acts similar to an animal, but with necessary to make it advance satisconsciousness, paralysis and even less judgment, uncontrolled and profactorily. death. miscuous.

Alcohol affects the brain inversely to The great danger then of even the

ALCOHOL AND INSANITY the order of its development. The transient effects of alcohol, excluding

higher functions of the brain which have death, is that the individual is really

P\r. T. A. Clawson, Jr., herewith developed last, namely, judgment, reamentally disordered or insane and will

contributes a brief article outlining son, memory, and capacity to think are perform acts against himself and society clearly another effect produced by alaffected first, while the primitive funcwhich he normally would never do.

cohol. The evidence against the use tions such as muscular movement are Society and the law excuse the organof alcoholic beverages is so conclusive affected last, as has been shown above ically insane person from blame, but

and overwhelming that every reasonin the reactions produced by the differtemporarily insane or intoxicated perable person must admit that the Church ent concentrations of alcohol in the sons must pay the price, even though is doing a fine service to its members blood. their acts might be of the same nature.

in educating them in these matters and helping them to lives of total abstinence. MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR NOVEMBER

Alcohol May Produce Insanity Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

Alcohol affects the brain and nervous Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

system more than any other system of the human body, the chief reason for this being the high lipoidal or fat conLESSON XVIII Questions, Problems, Projects tent of the cells of the brain and nerve 1 Why is it folly to believe that the latter

Drinks Human Covenants, part of verse 17, Doctrine and specialtissue affinity for Harmful which have a (Second part Chapter 16) other fer89, refers to beer Section and it to them.alcohol and attract

The effects of alcohol may be transient I. Drinks to be Avoided. mented grain drinks?

is 2. to it desirable stand take a Why 1. All alcodrinks fermented the containor chronic depending whether upon

that should drinks fermented whatsoever no in hol proportion. some is is just user chronic orindividual a

in or served be your home? made What 2. of mildly danger fermented The it. influencetemporarily the of under is this responsibility in regard? your drinks. effects, transient usually althoughThe the 3. to regarding say have you What 3. cocktail habit a dangerous The one relatively short duration,of be a its fully "cocktail physiomay habit"? Discuss (see page 223)

extremely dangerous and even cause 4. The wise procedure for hostess and logical4. Whatand socialis yourreactions.opinion of the use of effects severity of thesedeath. The guests.

for flavors colors food and and alcohol of the amount 5.depends upon Ciders root beers are and good synthetic

is their drink? so use expensive Why if drinks fresh. usedtaken.

physiologically they be even though may of small conalcohol amount The in cheap monetary a way? Flavors in Colors Drinks. and in four glasstained of cent II. Chemical per one 5. If possible, the full report a make on to 1 Temptation of use because cheapbeer, about two teaspoonsful, will inness. March 1, 1937, issue of Life, page 13.

crease the reaction time of a normal in- 2. Grave danger in their use. What is its significance in this modern

dividual two or three times. The re- 3. To be physiologically safe must get world? How may this knowledge be apaction time means the time required to rating from Consumers Research or plied in your family?

act after a given stimulus, the twitching other bureau which will give the 6. If only natural flavors and colors for

drinks used, are truth. be monotony how may stick after theof or a pin a muscle

avoided? In a lavish is nature what Relation way coal between tar derivaaction brought about a 4.muscular by provider? tive benzpyrene cancer. and thought.given are the cocacola similar and 5. is 7. Why caution Extreme necessary.

is reaction time onenormal The habits so dangerous? do you may What

fifth of a second, while the reaction III. Soda Pops. to protect yourself and warn people of its

time after one glass of beer is twoor 1. Beware of their use, for reasons aldangers?

threefifths of a second. The difference ready given. 8. What drinks would you advise for use

in this reaction time means a great deal 2. Synthetic flavors and colors are in ward socials and picnics? For parties

to a person driving an automobile. often dangerous. in your own home?

3. Safety only the or threefifths brakes twoApplying in the use of natural LESSON XXIX drinks. food and late a seriousof a second mean may

"Prudence and Thanksgiving"accident. IV. Review of Articles in Era for Septem- (Chapter 17) ber. The amount of alcohol contained in

two glasses of four percent beer will 1. Discuss harmful drinks mentioned. I. Need of Wisdom.

produce about onetenth of one percent 2. Danger of all caffeincontaining 1. In all requirements of life.

concentration in the blood. This condrinks. 2. Especially in health habits.

of our advice Heavenly FaHealthcentration in 3. a diminution produces Especial danger when mixed with 3. of that ther other than of Word syrup. the individual becomesjudgment and Wisdom.

careless and fluent in his talk. 4. The evil of the cocacola and simII. Prudence.

Twotenths of one percent concenilar habits. 1. Define.

tration in the blood produces flushing 5. Prevention better than cure. 2. Need of intelligence.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

3. Need of knowledge. 4. Proven by the history of the Latter- 2. Obedience, the beginning of wisdom.

4. Responsibility of parents. day Saints. 3. A pure spirit connotes clean mind

5. Beware of advertisements—use II. The Measure of the Promised Reand body.

judgment. wards. 4. A new wealth of joy.

III. Thanksgiving. 1. Evidence of bodily vigor. 5. God's promises fail not.

1. Importance of right mental attitude. 2. Vital statistics gathered in nations

2. Influence of mind over the body. and by the Church. Questions, Problems, Projects

3. Man is a literal child of his Heav- 3. Comparison of the birth and death 1. Why is advice which "shows forth

enly Father. records in the United States and the order and will of God"so binding upon

4. Care of body a sacred trust. other nations. all Church members?

IV. Work as a Health Habit. 4. Comparisons of mental health. 2. Why and in what way do rewards

1. Work is a blessing; not a curse. III. Health Protection. follow this obedience? What kind of re-

2. The idler is a human parasite. 1. Statistics showing deaths from difwards await the obedient?

3. Our Heavenly Father's command. ferent diseases. 3. Analyze and explain the illustration

4. Children to be taught early. 2. Reference to chapter 2. on p. 237.

V. Recreation and Rest. 3. Increase among Latterday Saints 4. What proof have we that even a par-

1. All work and no play makes everyof cancer, heart disease. tial observation of the Word of Wisdom

body "dull."4. Excessively high mortality from has enabled us to claim some of the prom-

2. Body requires sleep or becomes appendicitis in Utah—a warning of ised rewards?

poisoned. faulty nutrition. 5. How do you account for the fact that

3. Modern man has too little sleep. 5. Dr. Francis W. Kirkham's study. deaths from ulcers of the stomach and ap-

4. Children in especial need of sleep. IV. Nutrition and Mental Health. pendicitis are higher among the Latterday

5. Recreation of body by play is a 1. Wisdom is more than knowledge. Saints than in the United States? What

decided health requirement. 2. Literacy among the Latterday parts of the Word of Wisdom are being

6. Wise division of the twentyfour Saints. neglected to cause this serious result?

hours. 3. High school and college attend- 6. What is the explanation of the fact

VI. Need of a Sound Religious Philosophy. ance. that since the majority of people in Utah

1. Aids in adjustment to life's prob- 4. The test of leadership. are Latterday Saints yet our state's exlems. V. Economic Advantage. penditure for distilled alcoholic liquor (not

2. Anger and other passions detri- 1. The cost of living. including beer) was over $4,090,000.00 in

mental to health. 2. High expense as well as bodily harm 1937? This means an annual expenditure

3. Love is the best health tonic. of all things forbidden in the Word of over $7.00 for every man, woman, and

4. Prayer as a ladder to source of of Wisdom. child in Utah and over $20.00 for every

health. 3. Homeowners in the majority. adult. What can you and others do to stem

5. Greater light may come from time 4. A cure for the world's economic this tide of souldestroying stuff?

to time.. ills. 7. Review the article on "Liquor,"pages

for in 1938. the of February, 106, Morality. 105 and VI. The and Era Wisdom Word

Questions, Problems, Projects 1. in this rate vs. of conyour county does knowledge one man who How A

1. full in the latter Discuss part of verse is this wise. do to lower sumption? you may What

in11 Doctrine and 89. Covenants, Section 2. rate. marriage consumption? divorce and The

isIn great what this in way wisdom shown spiritual 3. 8. of obeillegitimacy. records the of are rewards The Whatstatement? 4. record. of criminal what to the Wisdom? dience The To Word

2. is not one "faddist"a Why who 5. in operative midst? our are extent they Crime accompanies seldom full menstudies the subject takes and intelligent an retal the chief 9. consider health. physical and do you Whatinterest in his food habits? one may What this of Spiritual to VII. of wise obedience law Rewards. ward

todo keep from becoming this "cranky"on. 1 all. greatest of health? The

subject? 3. Divine prudence and explain its appli- *

cation to man's food habits.

4. Why do you think the care of one's MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

body is a sacred trust?

Seventy of the 5. Discuss the old saying the For Month ofto July,The Council1938 of the Twelve Apostles

playno makes a Jack dull boy.": "All workApplyandit Made by The First Council

to the needs of the mature people of your Missionary Activities group. 6. Why is the proper amount of sleep 1938July 1937July

4,529'1. or 6,921 part days spent in missionary work Evenings essentialso to the health beof all human

2. 10,243 15,809 in missionary Hours spent workings? this establish one essenmay How calls of 3. 8,167 11,706 made Number

tial habit? the in Find Doctrine 4. first and Coveinvitations in 2,776 of 3,720 Number

2.521 revisits of 4,995nants Number fully discuss and the advice from our 6.5. of conversations 8,681 Gospel 13,249 NumberFather says, which "Retire to thy early bed

7. of standard Church Number works distributed (does not include Books of Mormonthat you not be arise weary; that may early reported under 228 10) item No.

585- 8. of other bodies distributedyour 391 Number books 443 and your minds be invig may

9. tracts 15,247 of distributed pamphlets and Numberorated."this does apply to everyone? How

10. of actually 95 Copies of sold, 49,187 199 Book Mormon family? andTo you your 199'11. hall of meetings missionaries held 322 Number by

7. Section 88 of the Doctrine and Cove12. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries 582 493

of 2.113 missionaries cottage hall attended Number who meetings 2,009 andnants contains excellent some advice on 13.14. 2,111 of investigators present at Number cottage hall 3,390 meetings andhealth. Explain advice to all such be found 15. of result baptisms of 123 missionary as a Number work

therein. (1) Of people over 15 years of age 72 85people 15 under age: years (2) of Of statement: 8. Discuss and apply this A

a. of Both parents whose are 26 members attitude,correct mental dependent a upon b. Others years of 15 under age

sound religious philosophy, is necessary for Classification not designated 223 of Inactivegood service during the month members of Church brought into activity through". stake missionary 252 130 9. Whyhealth.is it good health advice to love 16. Number

self? one'sone's neighbor as Enlarge upon

that Additional Information give experiences this statement and prove it. Number of stakes in the Church 124 118

Number of stake missions organized 119 113LESSON XXX Missionaries Actively Engaged

Rewards of Living the Word of Wisdom Number of stakes reporting 95 89'(Chapter 18) Number of districts 359 294

Elders 246 326 919 1,206 Seventies Principle with a Promise. I. A

200 286 High Priests 1. benefits of obedience The

213 326 thereto. Women 2. three rewards. promised The

3. Implication of a fourth reward. Total 2,064 1,568

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

CAVALCADE FOR YOUTH"INAUGURATES "CAVALCADE FOR YOUTH"

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD EXTENSION PLAN STAKEMEETINGGROUPSDATESAND

PRIESTHOOD, INCLUDETO September Monday, 26—Ogden. SCHOOL, AND Board,Q. MorrisGeneralof theSuperintendentY. M. M. I. GeorgeA. andSUNDAY North Davis, Mt. Ogden, Weber,

Y. M. M. I. A. his assistants Joseph J. Cannon and Ogden, North Weber, Morgan.

HpHE Aaronic Priesthood Extension Dr.Kirkham,BurtonExecutiveK. Farnsworth,SecretaryOscarof theA. Monday,Roosevelt,SeptemberDuchesne,26—Roosevelt.Moon Lake,

Plan, successor to and an intensive Y. M. M. I. A., and John D. Giles, Uintah.

Correlation of the formerdevelopment Field Representative of the Aaronic October Thursday, 13—Richfield. announcedPlan, was formally Sevier, South Sevier, Sevier, North and inPriesthood of the and Field Supervisor

augurated at one of the most largely Y. M. M. I. A. Wayne, Garfield, Panguitch.attended and most important meetings At the inaugural meeting in the AsFriday, October 14—-Payson.

Tintic, Nebo, history in on leadersof Church youth the sembly Hall Extension Plan new October Monday, 14. meetJuab.17—Lyman. September TheWednesday, inmaterial presented and was and Woodruff. Lyman, Hall in the on Assemblying held was it into structions for putting immediate October Thursday, 20—Garland. Salt in and City Square LakeTemple operation given to of the each were Elder, Malad, Bear River, Box

first meettwenty-five such of thewas fifteen represented. stakes plan Curlew. The

ings to be held in as many centers contemplates an immediate listing of Monday, October 24—Los Angeles.

throughout the Church. every boy and young man between the Los Angeles, Hollywood, Long

The new plan was inaugurated by ages of twelve and twenty and the Beach, Pasadena, San Bernardino.

October Thursday, 27—Rexburg. of for Youth,"of a group the adoptionthe "Cavalcade permanent ChurchYellow- Teton, Rigby, Rexburg,

visit of the Church, if possible, plan to and, bring youth leaders widetwelve Falls, Idaho North stone, Idaho consisting of Elders George Albert into activity every youth in the Church. Falls.

Ballard the Melvin of the UnderSmith and adopted method October by the Monday, 31—McCammon. Presiding of for the Twelve,J.Council "Cavalcade the Extension Youth"Idaho, Portneuf, Bannock.

Bishop LeGrand Richards and his Plan is to be put into effect by each Thursday, November 10—Fillmore.

counselors Bishops Marvin O. Ashstake immediately following the "CavBeaver, Deseret, Millard.

November in alcade"meeting General the stake 10—Blackfoot. parThursday, which Wirthlin, L.ton and Joseph

River, Pocatello, Blackfoot, Lost It ticipates. is that and expected prac- D. Pyper GeorgeSuperintendent

Shelley. all tically of the stakes of the Dr. Superintendent Assistant ChurchSecond for other groups anwill be Dates

George R. Hill of the Sunday School will be visited by December 1st. nounced in the Era for November.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CLOSES

SUCCESSFUL OUTING AND PILGRIMAGE SEASON TTThat has been undoubtedly the most * successful and the most widely participated in pilgrimage and outing season for the Aaronic Priesthood has closed with the coming of fall. Beginning with pilgrimages to places of unusual interest, because of Lamanite

backgrounds, on May 14, the treks to places of historic interest or for pleasure outings have continued throughout the summer months. Reproduced on

this page are some of the many photos submitted of these summer activities.

Plans are already under way for the program for 1939 with the hope that during the year every member of the

Aaronic Priesthood may have the privilege of participating in an outing under the auspices of his Priesthood quorum.

SALT LAKE STAKE ADULT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD GROUP CELEBRATES SIXTH ANNIVERSARY HPhe Adult Aaronic Priesthood group "* of the Salt Lake Stake, pioneer in

TOP: STAR VALLEY PILGRIMAGE AARONIC STAKE PRIESTHOOD MAY 14, 1938. Adult Aaronic Priesthood work in the CENTER: UNION OUTING AARONIC PRIESTHOOD WARD. WARD AT WASHAKIE

RIGHT: HAWAIIAN MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MAKE PILGRIMAGE TO SALT LAKE. Church, celebrated its sixth anniversary

GEORGE AND ALAMA STAKE. GEORGE KAOPUA OF OAHU

BOTTOM: ONE OF SECURITY PROJECTS—GARDEN THE SOCIAL PEAS—RICHFIELD WARD, SAN with meetings under the auspices of the

LUIS STAKE. adult groups in all wards of the stake

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

on Sunday evening, September 18. Under the direction of Elder O. Leo

Robinson, stake chairman and one of the veterans in the adult program, the anniversary was made an outstanding event in the stake.

At each meeting the remarkable and decidedly encouraging results obtained in the six years the campaign has been in operation were presented. They

included these figures: Adult members

in stake, 714; number now responding

in program, 125; number responding in

past six years, 605; Number of advancements in Priesthood in six years,

366; number ordained Elders in six

years, 115; number baptized through

class efforts in six years, 45; garden EL PASO WARD TEACHERS'QUORUM

projects under Church Welfare Plan, Left to right, front row: Harold E. Turley, supervisor; Wayne Stevens, Jed Moffett, Virgil Taylor, Devon

eight acres of sugar beets nearly ready Payne, Warren Odekirk, Trenial Pauly, 1st counselor in Bishopric.

for harvest; other activities, stake Rex Bryan,Back row,Douglasleft toBryan.right: Jesse Martineau, Roynal Lunt, Norman L. Taylor, Franklin Gonzales, Verl Taylor,

chorus which sang in stake conference, Inserts, left to right: Dewey Bluth, William Farnsworth, Earl Taylor.

Softball tournament with Elders, 20 members now serving as auxiliary leadoutstanding work of the Teachers'quotional members having been ordained ers and 71 members now engaged in rum of that ward. Bishop A. L. Pierce, Priests during the year.

teaching.block interest has been in boys demonwhose splendid the work upon Commenting In addition temple been work has in past, strated the subhas times many Pierce of Bishop men, these young director assigned throughsponsored a his the of mitted Teachers'record quowrites

activity; training teachers'to that a rum.

course has been conducted for the purThis quorum, in the past year, has The success of this group in making this pose of preparing members to serve in accepted its full responsibility for the fine record is due largely to good leaderChurch organizations as officers and ward teaching district assigned to it ship by men who understand and love superas Turley,teachers; entertainother boys. Brother Harold musical and visits record of has during a and 100%

interest the in real visor, taken boys a hasment programs sponsored been have entire the months. twelve have They furnishing in in but only not Church work carried missionaryand work among on visits to reports 287 homes, and made activities. social not has with them He inactive.those are who indicate of their that quality the the himof teaching to any do ward had nine the are stake on There members excellent. are teaching has it been There their self. done have on boys own The

full ofcommittee support have had who in the four his addiquorum, with encouragement. 18 Teachers account

the stake presidency, ward bishoprics, ward supervisors and the wives of the groups. of the In the six yearsmembers THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW rethe in operationthe plan has been

sults have fully demonstrated the value A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the of the plan and its effectiveness as a Lord's Law of Health missionary movement. In the celebration of the anniversary all three MANN SAYS "NO DRINKING"In short, another coach who knows

Presiding the Bishopric, the ofmembers the performance and body human three of stake presidency, the members that perfect bodies give can adds his "\"7eryMattmuchMann,in theswimmingswim thesecoachdaysat theis the council, the of highmembers and leading to that coaches of other word others were speakers at the services University of Michigan. "No drinking!"( From Allied Youth.

held in each of the thirteen wards of the When asked the other day what he drinking, thought about Coachstake. Mann ELEANOR CHANCE his THE as clearcut as a statement gave LOST JARRETT HOLMAARONIC PRIESTHOOD OF dive. best swanRICHFIELD SAN LUIS WARD, in drink a and had a year "T haven't against the use of alcohol by any- I amSTAKE, ACTIVE IN WELFARE I'm condibest a half. in the And students. just college not body,PLAN PROJECT I I tion regain ever! could wish Gee,

"JIembers of the Aaronic Priesthood Mann believes that Coach Fielding my amateur standing!"m of Richfield Ward of the San Luis H. Yost, long prominent as Michigan's So spoke Eleanor Holm Jarrett, "who

Stake in Southern Colorado, under the head football coach, knew what he touched off one of the biggest exdirection of the counselors in the ward was talking about when he said: "Alcoplosions in sports by trying to mix

bishopric, J. Howard Shawcroft and hol never made anything but a bum."water and champagne."The statement

J. Donald Hutchins, have engaged in was made to Jack Cuddy of the United

one of the very successful Welfare Speaking from his experience with Press Association in March, projects of the year. Members of the thousands of students, the Michigan

group joined in a project to raise peas swimming coach says: Consumption of intoxicants in the

for canning. precedphoto on the The at the S. increased rate of 500,000 out of get the best our boys U. cannot We

ing one page shows group of Aaronic year. gallons mentalities girls per day last if they and bog up their

Priesthood members hoeing the pea by stupefying alcoholic liquor. All start

garden under assignment of the ward out as a joke, and because a youngster will The U. S. government received $8,-

dare, drinking in a not take becomes abishopric. in federal liquor taxes 223,731 more

short very while Anything a bad habit.

in 1936. during 1937 than for to clear the that tends thinking mind dimEL PASO TEACHERS'QUORUM

at not worthwhile. The pace which weMAKES NOTABLE RECORD is More than 500 daily newspapers in that live nowadays, demanding everybody

in the Texas, El Paso,"pROM States refuse to accept new Mt. United certainly on his toes, cannot be helped the be

form. advertisements. of Stake liquor Graham a report comes in any by alcohol

each month as far as it is humanly possible.

Ward teachers are more necessary to the and advancement of the Church realize. (OcUvdL JmchcAk VykAAatpL TbvsimJbsm, J93S progressthan many

THE VALUE OF PRAYER SPLENDID IN RECORD MADE call unto the Lord, his "Pray upon holy name, the his wonderful make known works among IN FIRST TEACHING WARD call people; the this that Lord, upon the earth, kingdom go forth upon may thereof

1938 HALF receive for the to OF be may prepared in it and days the of which come in Son come thatMantheshallinhabitants down heaven clothed in the brightness of his glory to meet the kingdom of God which is set up on the earth."Doctrine and Covenants, Section 65. "CiVE stakes made a perfect 100% record

*- in Ward Teaching for the first six "Doger W. Babson said recently, "What this country needs more than months of 1938 as indicated in the tabula-

"anything else is oldfashioned family prayer."A study of the imtion of stake reports by the Presiding Bishportant subject of prayer is recommended as the Ward Teacher's Message op's office. Fiftyfive stakes were above

the mark, a very encouraging show70% It is that for November. teachers urged careful prayerful make and

is It ing. believed, that however, beteven preparation into before going the Saints of the homes the suggesand that ter results can secured better be organby tion this that in each subject be made earnest given home be consideration ization, closer followup and encouragement

during the month. References suggested for study are Doctrine and of ward teachers in their important reCovenants, Section 65—Section 68, verses 28, 33; Matthew 21:2122; sponsibility.

Mark 11:2326; Luke 11:2-4; also the full text of the hymn, "Prayer is the The standing of the stakes above 70% for

Soul's Sincere Desire."the six months is as follows:

100% What Prayer is:

Franklin 100% Oneida 100% soul's "Prayer is the sincere desire Juarez 100% Star Valley 100%

Los Angeles Littered or unexpressed: 100%

The motion of a hidden fire 90% in That trembles the breast."Bear Lake 99% Big Horn 93%

Long Beach River Bear 99% 92% Pray: to "But pray, when use not ye repetitions, vain How as the heathen Ogden Lake 99% Moon 92%

do; for think that they shall Weber they Liberty their for heard 99% be speaking. therefore much not Be 91%

Wells 96% like for 91% them; unto Father your things knoweth what need of, before ye have ye ask HollywoodSouth Davis 94% him.';'—6:7-8.) (Matthew

thou, "But prayest, thou enter closet, when into thy shut thou and hast when 80% door, thy to thy pray is Father in secret; which thy Father and in seeth which Grant Bonneville 89% 83%

secret shall Montpelier thee reward 6:6; 89% Maricopa 3 (Matthew 13:6.) Nephi 83% openly."—Pioneer Salt 88% Lake in 83% Faith: that Pray "Pray always enter into not you temptation, that you Taylor Highland 88% 82% his the abide of life coming, day may in whether in or death."(Doc. and 8:10.) Cov. San Juan Logan 87% 82%

that his observeth not "He Mt. prayers before the in Ogden the thereof, let Lord season Phoenix 86% 82%

Alberta Pocatello in 85% be had him 82% remembrance before the judqe of people."(Doc. and my Cov. Cache 85% Kolob 81% 68:33; 133:6). East Jordan Pasadena 85% 81% Spirit Prayer: of "Prayer does consist not of Idaho altogether. words, faithTrue, 85% Timpanogos 81%

..... I.".... ful, St. Joseph earnest consists prayer in Malad feeling the 85% that more rises 80% the from heart and from Shelley Oahu 84% 80% the desire of inward spirits our to supplicate the in humility Lord faith, in and that

receive It blessing. His we may matters not simple the how be, words if our 70% desires are genuine and before the come we with a broken heart and a Luis San -... North Davis 79% 76% spirit contrite for to ask that which Him Ensign we F. Joseph Smith. Lyman 78% 75% need."—PresidentLord

Rexburg family prayer Both secret Sacramento and 78% prayer should be 73% all urged upon Latterday

Alpine Benson 77% 72% Saints the Teachers. by Ward

.". Granite Zion Park 76% 72%

Lehi 76%

, I REVIVAL OF WARD TEACHING founded are being assailed, the ward teacher

SPIRIT goes into who the AIM IMMEDIATE of the homes Saints with The Church Moves On the spirit of his calling of and his love a in Stakes Total and Homes Wards page 607) (Concluded from in fellowmen is his heart, the one of Visited Average Past 6 Homes most Mos 130,23181,571

Visited Average effective 48,660 Homes Not and necessary missionaries all in 14, Sunday, August 1938 of Average Number Visited Not Members the Church. at chapel The new Lakeview (estimated at Month Each family) per 5 Ward, 243,300

represents the bishopric. He carries Franklin, Stakes—Juarez, He Los Angeles, 100% Oneida, Stake, Sharon dedicated Preswas by a Star Valley. Churchwide message from headChurch ident Heber J. Grant. quarters. carries spirit the of the He Gosfirst record for the six'T'he of months pel. to comes spread He cheer, good Sunday, 21, August 1938 -- indicates that in 1938 each faith, month more fellowship good feelings. and kindly cornerstone The the of Stratfordthan 30,000 ward is and young But he also the on lookout for trouble, teachers—men Chapel, Hiqhland Stake, Ward was their families homes ill to distress, and own is feelings. friend, a guide,men—left a He laid. their outgo neighbors among to "preach, a confidant, a peacemaker.

teach, exhort, and expound"to and urge the responsibility Truly of teacher a ward 22, Monday, August 1938 the families visited to their in do the is duty great. his opportunities So are for service, marking a Pioneer A monument thisChurch. great the for To army goes personal for growth, satisfaction and campsite at Bridgeport, was unveiled gratitudethanks and not the of only for Church the blessings of the Lord.

honoring the Pioauthorities, Mormon but of the heads of the great the else in world Where be can found Nebraska, majority the of of these neers. It was families, husband for spiritual built by help, an organization official has visitor which an

encouragement, information and guidance. representing its highest local authority, Elizabeth Young Smith. President

This great service army is one of the carrying a Churchwide message from Heber J. Grant and Elder George Alstrongest bulwarks of the Church. EsChurch leaders and seeking the welfare bert Smith were in attendance.

pecially in times like these, when spiritual and happiness of every family, make a peruplift and support are sorely needed, when sonal call on more than 6 out of every 10 Sunday, August 28, 1938 many are discouraged and downhearted, families every month? The cornerstone of the Gilmer Park

when moral standards are crumbling, when Every ward should so adjust its program Ward chapel, Bonneville Stake, was the principles upon which the Gospel is and make its plans to insure 100% visits laid.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A. WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON. JAMES M. KIRKHAM. L. GARRETT MYERS,

Vice President, MARK E. PETERSEN, Assistant Treasurer and

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, Directors. Superintendent o[ Research Bureau

Secretary and Librarian. ELLEN HILL,

Assistant Librarian.

THE GENEALOGY OF A Every name in the books, from 1800 for the purpose of getting the ordiWHOLE VILLAGE to 1874, has been written on an innances in the temples performed?

dividual card. Each card is placed in Many are gathering the names, but the

first genealogy for one GermanrpHE in the alphabetical order for having ordinances card index. responsibility a large

is * village ready. information hands. us has wants anyone done lies in our Unto Now, when

The Parish of Lauf, Amt Buehl, concerning an ancestor who lived in been given the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

first place to is the (Germany)Baden Berlin, great of this correspond the he will not have to purpose know We of a complete a bookhave compiled us, parishes, fortythree of gathering with with one. names. but from And

genealogy. Fortyfive thousand enIn this same magazine, we find also they, the dead, are expecting the orditries of the birth, marriage, and death of a few pages devoted entirely to quesnances. The hearts of many have been

all persons of that place who have retions from people looking for names, touched to gather the names, and now sided there since 1697 are contained in and of course, the important informait rests upon us who are living in this that book. It can be purchased for tion to accompany them. In these "Reland, to take the next grand step for-

4 RM [about $1.60]. It has 564 pages search Pages,"one can place a question ward, and give to those beyond that

and gives information for more than relative to his genealogical work, and which they are waiting for.

familyfourteen various thousand it expect to be seen by at least 10,000 have no genealogical If you comnames. people.

in, living are mittee in the branch you it is at Buehl, so done was As this is example: Here an that deter not doing need from you in to donesupposed be all German

places, to trace genealogies back Searching for birth, marriage, and death your genealogical work. This work

Siegel. dates Friedrich of August it His fais that of such a nature be done can registrations vital faras as parish and ther Friedrich Address August Siegel. was organization. help the of without an iswill permit. done work by the The (SA.), Rathaus. Ott, Falkenau is Werner to Naturally, that havadmit have we organizations: "Reichsfollowing

the organization debe very wouldnaehrstand, und of addresses over ing and The names N C—Lehrerbund sirable. organization. But It is a helpRassenpolitisches in this Amt der NSDAP."seventy people number. appear

Books of three thousand places are beInasmuch as this interest is so uniits nonexistence in your branch may ing made at present; of these about fifty versal in Germany, and as there are so not be used as a reason for not doing

will be finished during this year. Fourmany people using these magazines, it the work. When the Lord through

to that servants revealed His were we are volunteersteen working thousand is shall that probable very we field, this in reaping did not find begin He registersin parish and have 350,000 to people are doing our lines, on work who until organizawait have say an you million recsix singleconsider hundred contacting obtain them, such and by until tion, helps you. or someone He births, deaths. marriages, ofords and in findresults as did Brother Wernick

it. said to can do do it. And we National Farmer und Haus ( From Der gathered 700 ing a person who had

invite one need some some help, you these not—und Bauernfreund, 29 July, 1938.) names. If purchase need We branch to your in your some home for of be magazines, them are to many

Practhe handbook, Get The libraries city in the found where we evening. IN OURPRESENT DAY HELPS It it together. study tical Guide, and live. these magazines, with Along we ACTIVITYGENEALOGICAL

all necessary the contains information shall find also books newspapers and

Adapted from a statement which will prove very helpful. Most for filling out the sheets correctly.

into invite another one B. and old, Young Lynch,By Eugene special divilibraries of the now have

all in Let's in part take your homes.Supervisor Genealogy of material. genealogical sions for The

the German Mission. use of these magazines, especially to making these visits.

received Recently a pamphlet we find living of people name, our own this in printed being"Kagazines now Society the Genealogical of Utah from cannot A be overemphasized. Here fulof the are country a testimony lie in statement the following which was lightly that probabilities cannot be infillment of because prophecy, them made overlooked. askingare questions people found from

for information about their forefathers, Why are all of these names being A vast amount of material has come to the us from and SwissGerman Germanin- gathered in this land, if it is not for instructions anyoneand also fifty Probably Missions. Austrian between better interested with such research

sixty individual thousand thousand and their for ends. accomplishing Suchways sent, records containing have been between

are covermagazines filled from suggesinformation withcover and to YOUTH twohundredhundredthousandand fiftynames.thousandAboutand fifteenthree

these affairs. of indexed, thousandtions and been genealogical have on Brennan Jones Grace By are as the records being remaining done Sippe, In Familie, the magazine,

possible. fast as Pedigree Charts These lovely, article are is so there you an excellentVolk, on Youth, Family GerRecords and from Group

leave must you as Registers Parish a Record"The Why to the beautiful are sent most among O so soon? many morning since was moment is A in also Research."Source There source. us from any

is noon! the here And now interesting report "Building a onan

Card Index from Parish Registers."Youth waves her fragile fingers It makes us all very happy to hear

The Lutheran church has gathered in And smiling calls to me: such as this about the records from

one central place all of the registers "I shall return at evening, Germany. Our activity is being nofrom fortythree parishes in Berlin. Disguised as Memory!"ticed.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN I. A. Y. Y. M. I. A. M. M. W. CITY, 50SALTNORTH LAKE UTAH GEORGE LUCY GRANT CANNON

Offices S. General JOSEPH J. Y. M. I. A. WILLIAMS Q.CANNONMORRIS HELEN W.

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send alt Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

O (m, CONCERNING 270298toryL.ReligiousD. S. (Salthis640700omyDomesticFine Arts econPHOTOGRAPHS Lake Public Lib.) 710 Landscape gar-

M. I. A. GROWING IN THE FOR PUBLICATION 300 Sociology dening

FRENCH MISSION "\T7'e have greatly appreciated 370390 EducationCustoms, cos720740 ArchitectureDrawing and receiving your phototumes, folklore Designs

of President F. Ursenbach, O.Cister Ruth Ursenbach, daughter graphs in the past and we have 400 Philology 750 Painting Music Natural sci780 renow reached the time when 500

cently returned ences from presiding over 790 Amusements response generous your forces arts Literature Useful 600 800the Y. French I. A. of the Mis- W. M. to exacting in the be more History 900 Agriculture 630sion, reports progress the during two us

years of her service. A good start has matter of photographs for pubNow, suppose you have three books

establishing thebeen Mutual lication. made in Bruce, another of by psychology—one

mission. in thatImprovement With 124 stakes, more than work Rinck. by James, and another by How

includingThere are two districts, one a thousand mis36 distinguish wards, and are going to you them—all

four branches, supervised by 150? case add In each the in Brother sions all sending photous number

August Roubinet; the other including graphs for publication, our to 150 the first letter of the author's

five branches, supervised by Sister space does not begin to permit name. You have then 150 B, 150 J,

leadersTherese of these Waltz. Both R. 150 to use all of them. We ask faithful givingare attention the to work us is, if six are there question next The to observe therefore the you theof organizations. two authors names books, whose by two

in rules submitting following all beginning "B", branches use begin two our with The Assembly

Programs but only on one evening of photos with "]", two beginning with "R", each month. In June there was held how can they be distinguished? Acan M. I. A. Conference in the mounRULES FOR SUBMITTING cording to the Cutter system, these

tains of Switzerland, 120 people being PHOTOS with the Dewey Decimal system, these present, a goodly number for this mis- 1. Photos should represent some numbers following the author's initial,

sion. The M Men and Gleaners also unique or unusual activity, event, or are given. But because of the length

held a banquet at which about 75 were feature. Routine subjects (such as of it, the following is the rule and you

present. When Sister Ursenbach left, queens of Green and Gold Balls) must figure it out yourself with the help

the mission was planning an outing for are of such frequent and usual ocof two examples.

to currence as of doubtful be Churchall as the of bringing members a means second which This follows number interest. wideseveral into closer branches touch,

is initial 2. in this clear, should sharp, author's Photos determined the be

that greater "missionharmony and prints glossy size inch 10 pre- (8 x 10 to 100. range from They way:mindedness"might be promoted. ) ferred the and must property become 21 10 Barton Sa

if of used. Era Improvement The 47 37 Benton Sc

artist trims cuts in (Our them and I. Y. A. M. M. Bither 62 53 Se BOARDNEW layouts.) making Blithe Si 64 56 APPOINTEDMEMBERS 3. identification Photos must have 72 74 Smith Boone

to (preferattached the photograph 77 Bruce So 88 General of Superintendency theHPhe pasting ably identifying sheet an by 94 39 Bunce Su

I. at of the paper or writing bottom Y. recently anhave A. M. M. Byrne 99 94 Sy

lightly in ink the Identiback). on thenounced appointment of two new

members of the General Board, Elwood fication should include name and poIf you have two psychologies by sition of sender, of and name ward find will Smith, Donald, and you JamesG. Winters and K. Nichols. Mark brief stake, description event, of date will that the Smith be number James will of theseBoth bring valuable men event, of principals of and names is the 741 150 Smith and Donald Squalifications to the Board, Brother involved.

it 74. other In words, be 150 S may havingWinters been engaged in Explorer and Scout work as a member of necessary to add a figure to your author

the Ensign Stake Y. M. M. I. A. Board, number. Now you have made up theand Brother Nichols being Director of most generally used system in libraries call for the book—the class No. 150 and

Vocational Agricultural Education is the Dewey decimal. It is so elastic your author, number S 74, or 150 S 74,

with the Utah State Department of that no matter how large the collection which now should be written on the

Public Instruction. of books becomes, the system expands title page of your book, near the acto cover it. cession number and on the label at the

CLASSIFICATION OF BOOKS be Theused.followingI shall isnotthegivesimplestthe numbersform to backprecedingof the articlebook. Ifin youthewillSeptemberread the

By Autelia Bennion of each division, but just those that you number of the Era, you will notice the

accessioned have of the books is the the while on the book bookVou may have occasion to use. book card to be kept in the pocket of General works: 000 150 Psychology A library your and shelf. prepared Fig. the them 2, p. (See 562.) On i. e., encyclo170 Ethics

for circulation. ( See line August for in of Sepplace and 201 write second L pedias, Religion news200

tember numbers of the Era), Now we papers 220 Bible James* Psychology 150 J 29 or whatever come to the classification of them. The 100 Philosophy call number you give the book.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 193 8

said: "Dad, don't you think we'd better

touch a match to it?"But there the house

was, and something had to be done about it, so with the aid of a good carpenter and

Hal, the artistic member of the family, we started. "BEFORE"AND "AFTER"PICTURES All partitions were removed. What was

OF THE BOUNTIFUL at the small beporch back a H. originallyHOME closet. on porch Another a utility cameRUMEL, OF FIRSTS.

is large interesting alcove the front an Y. M. nowCOUNSELOR,

M.

DAVISI. STAKE.A., SOUTH enoughof the livingfor theroom.piano andA fireplaceradio at addsone endinterest to the living room inside and the rock

chimney improves the appearance of the outside.

The house was too small for the necessary two bedrooms so a closet just large enough for a rollaway bed solved the problem and has been a real convenience. A bay window was built in the diningroom affording

room for house plants. The kitchen, small

but convenient, and the bedrooms have been equipped with the necessary cupboards and closets, and a semibasement furnishes storage space.

Nature provided a beautiful setting against which the house was placed. Chokecherries, hawthorne and oak brush grow

abundantly along the creek which runs diagonally through the grounds. We have

added lily pools, rock gardens, and borders of flowers and shrubs which can be enjoyed at all seasons of the year, and which form a pleasing setting for our white house with its red roof.

This account, and the accompanying pictures, are witnesses of what vision, purpose, and work can do in home, church, and community beautification.

Frank W. McGhie, chairman; Dr. Franklin S.

Harris, Homer C. Warner, Floyed G. Eyre,

Werner Kiepe, Dr. Wayne B. Hales.

intrigued by an item reading "House for WEST JORDAN LEADS IN sale, $85.00."It didn't seem possible that MASTER M MEN

for such a sum one could get anything worth living in, but as the day sped on the desire HThe distinction of having the largest to the stronger next investigate and became * of of any Master number Men M side"the "'west beginning Neslen, chairmen;Axel and found C. A. us Madsen Grace on day claimed has been in the stake Church

L. Aurelia Stevenson, Dr.Richard L. A. Evans, in a found remodeling. adventure an We result the Stake. As Jordan Harbertson. byBennion, Gladys E. West in onestory rectangular badly need house covering sevenergetic of campaign an in of with paint frame but good work THEMEPROJECT ADULTTHE in practically every eral ward months it studied the condition. more The we

will raise the cultural tone of our more sure we were that it had possibilities, the stake qualified one or more MasWEsurroundings by beautifying our and a few days later we were the owners. ters, giving the stake the lead of the

homes, our places of worship, and our comWhen the movers reached Bountiful, a Church.munities.

small group of astonished observers had Other stakes, including Ensign, a

Many generalized statements have gathered, and we were somewhat embarvery close second to West Jordan, are their rassed frank sure comments. I'm by the during concerning thebeen Adult campaigns made

of sanity doubted most our them and we planning active its objectivesThemeProject and and page 624) {Continued on sure weren't it ourselves. about so Hal

possibilities, that but Adult be it may class leaders and members will find WEST JORDAN STAKE MASTER M MEN greater stimulation this month in the success story of a specific project, and so we are presenting here a story in word and picture of the notable undertaking of S. H. Rumel, 1st Counselor in the superintendency of the Y.

M. M. I. A. of South Davis Stake, who

now resides at Bountiful, Utah. Writes

Brother Rumel:

One day while idly glancing through the "For Sale"column of the paper, I was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938:::..... coming season and it is expected that report, by Homer P. Andersen, of a

the total throughout the Church will successful M. I. A. Conference in the

soon approach the 1,000 mark. Danish Mission, from which we quote

If numbers participating is the measure, of the feature Church the most popular in Saints of Latterday ChristM MEN SCHOOLS TO BE ofthenJesusHELD CHURCHWIDE mark is the Mutual Improvement program.DenThe movement has captured the interest of

"RT Men schools, which were so sucthe youth of the Danish Mission and many cessful in motivating the various more young people who have not yet the Singularly enough, the Church. of will joinedphases last year, the program

the in progressed activities have M. I. A.again be during conducted October, effort of with Mission Danish a minimum

November, and December. Plans have on the part of missionaries. It is probably

been completed for sessions in some the only program in which the local brothtwenty centers throughout the Church, BELVEDERE WARD EXPLORERS WITH OFFIers and sisters have been eager to grasp extending into Canada and to the MexCIALS AT "THIS IS THE PLACE"MONUMENT. the banner and carry it to heights many

(SEE ACCOMPANYING STORY.) supposed were unattainable.ican border. M Men standards, theMaster M Men program, the ThemeAt the time President Holger M. Larsen

project, athletics, joint activities, and M. Elmer Christenson, vice chairman presided over the Danish Mission he was

other features of the program will be of the Explorer Committee of the Genvitally interested in the progress of the the well welas as people Mission's young eral Board. indiscussed sessions allday in some

strove older fare members. of the He inareas and periods covering evetwo the trek to second group make The athletic, social, the therefore bring to many

innings sections. other Hill, I. included Stringham, activities into Kenneth of the Jed A. and cultural M.

visible feature in a of action Denmark. Burns As Page and James Howard District Stake and superMen M his the inaugurated of annual planning he Bountiful Second Troop from 308visors are sent the being schedules and convention, youth's "Ungdomsstaevner,"Stake. Other South Davis Ward, forprograms the inschools with an until spirit in activity has and grown which pilearly for registered groups havetensive followup to plan I. bring designed in the oc- A. Convention 1938, June, M. indiinquiries additional grimages and of interest largest the position possible theout Danish cupied attendance. peak

cate that a splendid tradition will be in Church doings.

in connection with this hisdeveloped year a record This number of 400 young toric trail. well as people older members as many

of city the verged middleJutland uponxfd0\2A6u conof the point compass. from every Randers EXPLORER INSTITUTES WILL

all posiserving Sixty missionaries, in key

John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen. MOTIVATE PROGRAM tions in the M. I. A. scheme, also journeyed

to the convention scene.

its city wide of Randers opened the Flag everywhere DanishFIRST EXPLORERS COMPLETE "Activethe Explorermotivationprogramand extensionover theof arms,The and

OFFICIAL PIONEER TRAILS Church is to be undertaken by the shared honors with the Gold and Green

TREK General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. banners of M. I. A. Missionaries in that

through its Explorer Committee durdistrict had obtained the largest hall in the

JhXPLORERs of Belvedere Ward in Los ing the fall and winter season just ahead. city for the convention sessions, contests,

hotel of banquet. rooms Hundreds and"first to Angeles Stake were comthan twenty institutes for ExMore

in living the Saints neighreserved. were official plete last the trek the over 36 plorer Commissioners Leaders and and all visitors that the feed to agreed borhood

miles of the Trail Pioneer to are Mormon scheduled Executives M. I. A. handle. the restaurants couldn't Yet

from Henefer, Utah, to the site of "This be held between September 28 when large number attending the threeday conthe is the Place"monument at the mouth the first one is planned and December vention taxed these accommodations to the of Emigration canyon. The trek, a 1. Subjects for discussion at the inlimit. Never before had the city seen so

special project of the Explorers of the stitutes will include cooperation with many Mormons, and countless praiseworthy to the from remarks mouth went mouth by sponsored theChurch, Explorer by the challenge the Priesthood of the and

Randerites. concerned I. A. ConThe M. of of thecommittee the General of Board Youth,""Cavalcade The Pioneer that stimulant a powerful was

I. Y. A., to bring is designed Trail Trek, M. M. Themeproject The interest in the community's Morfor ventionawakened

better to Explorers understanding 1938-9, of a of the Arrowhead, Legend The monism.

trail conditions the on hardships Reading Course, and the and Char- "Messages people hold a festive young Danish When their triumphs ancestors. Pioneer ofand acters of of Mormon,"the Book without Log banquet or drinking, newssmoking

the of Trail Joint Explorer SoNo. 8, story. as papers unusual on it pounce an

is official to trek intended cover The cial Girls, Activities held and with Junior four hundred young Mormons The

It nights days. andtwo two be may their in a without annual banquet Randers Vanball.

taken only by registered Explorers, trace of tobacco or alcohol and the Randers and groups anticipating it are required Members of the Explorer Committee newspapers praised them highly, calling it to register at the general offices of the of the General Board will cooperate "a thing unheard of in Denmark."News-

Y. M. M. I. A., 50 North Main Street, with Scout Executives in conducting papers in other cities copied the story of

Salt Lake City, for instructions and inthe institutes. Executive officers of the the Convention, spreading the good points

formation. Y. M. M. I. A., especially in areas of the Mormon youth program throughout

where the Explorer program is not Denmark.

The first trek, made by the Explorers thoroughly established, stake CommisThe program of the conventions as comfrom California, was led by Geert sioners, ward leaders and stake and prehensive as those carried out by the larger Zion, stakes included conof Hulshoff, of Explorer Chairman Los will escommittees Explorer be ward test activity choirs, in oratory, swimming, until Stake, Angeles recently and Expecially invited to attend. urged and ladies'duets, quartets male drama, and and plorer for Leader Belvedere Ward. institutes for places the are Dates and ballet, folk dancing, a ballroom banand accompanying boys two him wereThe being sent superintendents. stake to picnics. quet, excursions and Clark George Heder. Both and Guy

that treated section of Danes were The trip earned the outstanding achieveby first to their baseball. of view American during the year. past the ment end At SUCCESSREPORTS DENMARK City, of Elder Simonsen H. Reed Brigham

of the trek they were met at the mouth FUL M. I. A. CONFERENCE then presiding Elder in Randers, had obof Emigration Canyon by General Sutained the use of the city's huge soccerperintendent George Q. Morris, ExHThrough President Mark B. Garff of ball park which was crowded with nearly

plorer Chairman John D. Giles, and A the Danish Mission has come the {Concluded on Page 626)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

1. A part of the annual

M I. A. banquet held in

Denmark.

2. Queen and attendants of

Gold and Green Ball, Charlo Branch, Western Montana Dist., Northwestern States

Mission.

3. A group of winners in song,

dance, and drama at the annual M. I. A. Convention,

Randers, Denmark.

4. An interesting group of boys

called the "Freedom Quintuplets."A mother, two

daughters and a daughterin-law are the mothers of these boys. All living in

Freedom, Wyoming, and all born within two months and three days.

5. Queen and attendants of

Gold and Green Ball, Copenhagen, Denmark.

6. Santa Ana Ward's presensweepstakes of

Gold Beach—winnertationprize in"IndianLong Love Call"

and Green Ball "Pageantry of Song"theme.

7. Participation in Long Beach

Ward's presentation of "Sylvia"in the "Pageantry of Song"of the Long Beach Stake Gold and Green Ball, for which they were awarded prize for Green group or group of larger wards of the stake.

8. Charleston Branch, South

Carolina District, Southern States Mission M. I. A.

Softball team. (Two members of the team were not

present.)

9. Participants in Wilmington's presentation of "Song

of the Islands"for which they were awarded prize for the Gold group (smaller wards of the stake) in the Long Beach Stake Gold and Green Ball.

10. Queen and attendants of

Gold and Green Ball, Hull Dist., England.

11. Alberta Stake Queen of

Gold and Green Ball, with attendants.

12. M. I. A. Queen of Gold and Green Ball held at 15. St. Charles Ward, Bear Lake Stake Honor BeeHive 17. A softball game played by the Danish Missionaries

Belfast, Ireland. Girls. at the annual M. I. A. Convention, Randers, Denmark.

13. Honor night at Independence, Missouri. IS. Story Telling Festival, Parowan Stake.

14. Queen and escorts with attendants at the Gold and 16. Queens and attendants of Idaho Stake Gold and 19. Queen and attendants of Garland Ward, Bear River

Green Ball held in Bear Lake Stake. Green Ball. Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

Mutual Messages facesAnthemupturnedand the andStar armsSpangledextendedbanner,to theirthe theDuringpresidentthe courseasked offortheirsuggestions,board meeting,and {Continued from page 624) flags of two free democracies. one lady arose and said she would like to

see the P. T. A. sponsor activities for the3,000 spectators plus uncounted boys in tree MORMON YOUTH PROGRAM young people of the community. She said:

tops and along board fences. Through PRAISED "The Mormons have what they call Mumissionary contacts with the local press, VTSTriting from Rosemead, California, tual, where the boys and girls are given

in barbershop placards windows,and by... * "other morals. Tueson Every Jennie Carlgren Mrs. Cox, Y. W. lessons milesthe sportsminded were from around is that orderly they a and day dance have I. A. President in Rosemead Ward, to see M. of their opportunity unusualinformed I heartily clean urge every mother can and following Stake, the sends Pasadena exhibitionskilled Americans young in an girls to to her here these send boys and

game of one of the favorite sports of the word: dances and I promise there will be no drinkMormon M Men. HAVE just returned from a P. T. A. meeting or smoking there. I have a boy who

When the game was over, the mission- I ing where the efforts of our Church, in would not miss it for anything and my home aries won the hearts of the spectators by asgiving clean recreation and education to is the place where four Catholic boys sembling in the field before the packed the young people, were so highly praised gather every Tuesday to go to Mutual.

bleacher and singing the Danish National that I must pass it on to you. (Concluded on page 636)

BECKONING ROADS

(Continued from page 603) faces out of which Mother's, bleak and building our lives and yours. We were

She stopped abruptly. Pete had gray, had stayed in her memory. Reid doing the things that were consistent

taken one hand from the steering wheel had been there, helpless and a great with our ideals. Like coming out here

and laid it over hers hiding the ring. deal bewildered; hovering over her, to get land for the boys. If things"Poor kid,"he said. showering her with attention, rebelling didn't turn out as we wished—well,

She wept then, tears of defiance and against this thing that he could not then we must build the best we could frustration and finally tears of anguish. fight or buy. One day there had been from there. While we did not prosper

Strange, she found it in her heart to be Mr. Wood, limping heavily, but helpas we expected, I hope the boys have

silence. his ing understanding thrift that habits of learned by and work her. beside there thankful Pete was

fit it life. "I will cannot leave for better All of she had told now,"has them endless the they covered Somehow

just yet."wellbeing. of Reid. brought I could a sense "Not whitefaced miles, and and Nancy, now

his I is protested say, have traveled road. he "This have would my When to reluctantly the path quiet, up went

her. it allied with the best had I knew and have not dropped the father quiet lay over hot house. the A not. stay right here course the wayside!"You by "Of back, but she door drew place. At the

his son, to mother."your Then that. For some time Nancy pondered opened the with her arm. Pete took He

trip for that rams can make "You success depended we Your on what your together. went in and they door

were discussing a few days ago."aim was. Considered from that angle

in there the background had Always the not road taken Mother wrong had in the over. Back was unobtrusive. Pete. SeeQuiet, L[T been if valled even Antelope her up way each took house empty overwhelmingly that. this. care of to ing Taking He It ley. in places, treacherous been had life went tasks his and accustomed up bewildered the boys home taken had full heights, of blind turns rocky and fill futile to attempts on. Each made help to sent him. with had Jon He she traveled but together had and Dad herloneliness. found vast the Nancy Dale. it. conthey Together met and had then the down, door self leaving oven too, sounds, and been had There failbuilded; quered, and dreamed and

it close behastily remembering, would still her that through echoed words in points. Together minor ed some see. should fore mother consciousness. imperceptibly so they changed had

"... worst. the would in forth were Nancy the to morning Nights come noticed; not neither they and had had

wake from a fitful sleep to find her of the first resurrection. This I do by remained in the valley. The road led

mother lying wideeyed and silent bethe power and authority..."ever higher.

quiet? she be so could authority! side and Power Power and How of the journey for the rest Now on that. go she each day didn't understand doing authority. Reid Howher.could alone. go on She would mother was

little that things of must be prolonging the dozens in Chicago now, was He eventually end would up the way that its changed had until her world join him. to his stay when done she was ready did in reunion. That what love was

than calm night in orbit? She more was Nancy's she lay one bed As It screened to and a woman. a man

it of didn't the futility she the letter thoughts Nancy. and on him were Why It for unfulfillment. substituted decay.

received that day. She felt her her weep? the had make Why didn't tolerunderstanding and It mellowed

life bring turn. of her wasted mother knowledge content ance. It kept them from being

tears? Always she had done the things "Speak to me, mother."in the valley. It finished in reunion.

she was doing now. Always there had Lying there, speaking into the dark, So it must be with her and Reid.

been hardships. So many dreams had Nancy's mother talked. She told of a

gone unfulfilled. All her life she had lover gay and ambitious; of a young

been denied until her wants had narfather glorying in his home and babies; J. he middle of September

rowed to necessities. Why had she reaching to the future, building dreams Dale came in the house to find his

clung to convictions when discarding upon dreams. It was a father the girl mother alone sewing by the window.

them might have meant a way out? could scarcely remember. The little boys were gone and his sister

Why hadn't she seen years ago that "And have you been happy, was writing. He sat down by her.

she was on the wrong road. It 'was Mother?""Listen, mother, I want to talk to

like nothing so much as the trail that "Happy?"the voice hesitated. "No, you."

lead up Antelope Valley, full of hard I can't say I have been exactly happy. She laid aside her sewing. "What

climbs and ending in rocks and shrubs. Often I have been very unhappy."is it?"

Over and over the events of the last "Then why go on with it? Why He hesitated. When he did speak

two weeks marched in disorderly array stick?"the words came slowly, "Mother, I

before the eyes of the girl's mind. Some "We were together; and we had am nearly nineteen,"

things were clear cut, such as his face something. I have no name for it. "Yes. I know."

the night of her return. Others, parSome might call it contentment, or a "You know, too, I have always

ticularly emotions, were confused and sense of Tightness. I am not sure I wanted to go to school. Some day I

overlapping. There had been a sea of know the best word. But we were may want to farm, but first I want

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

BECKONING ROADS The Story of Our Hymns learning and understanding. I want to "I was going to suggest it. I will {Continued from page 598)

do something on my own."have to get a few new things. I'll see day Saints is a spiritual baptism.

"What, for instance?"She recogwhat I have."It becomes a masstestimony of many

nized this as the urge to conquer, to Dale went over their combined acof the truths of the restored Gospel subdue. "There is no more land to be counts. "Huh. Not much, but any of Jesus Christ. It runs the gamut

homesteaded."will help."He drew a deep breath and of religious experience. It testifies

still is if faced a challenge land but "No, them. "It is almost too good to that Christ rose from the dead, and left isn't give to be true."there away. So any

visualizes the reality of the resuris farming. And that is only one thing "When I am married—

out of a world of things. I want to "Oh, no, you don't,"he interrupted rection. It declares that He is our

know something as well as Pete knows curtly. "I'm not taking any money everliving head, ready to plead for

farming."from Reid Wood. Not that I blame us and feed our hungry souls in times

"But Pete isn't making anything you, in a way. I am just telling you."of need, to guide and strengthen us

now."when faint, to silence our fears and

is alive to is immaterial. "That He hearts. our calm introubled With it later a happened week Qo his of better doing and work. waysnew it creasing intensity acclaims Christ their battered car old drove Nancy full life will for un- a has he haveHe kind, friend, wise, as heavenly our after of south mile. mile town When I isderstanding. want. what That

Priest, Prophet, our King, and the the whose getting gas gauge showed was is it."of part small only a I makeWhat

is door, stopped. she the low allembracing love Opening neverend- and those son. "I dreamed I have know,dreams for you. Some day—Dale got out. They were in the desert. ing, and through whose redeeming

All miles about them and were acres shall conquer death power we and "I voice boy's going now."The am

of sagebrush. it the ran road Through safely "I guided week."going nexthardened. be to our heavenly am

off into distance. the Just ahead was is last stanza home. a gloriThe can "But you?"how a crossroad.

"I mean I am going to school. Times Dale came to her side of the car. fication of the name of our Savior

and jobs are changing. What I want She looked closely at him. Was it, and ends in high ecstacy with the

I must go to school to get. The small could it be fear she saw in his eyes? complete assurance, "I know that

insurance—-take carefatherof expenses.carried willIt justwillabouttake deniedIt could it.be, but the set of his shoulders my Redeemer lives."

only a day to get the spuds up. What "Got your trunk?"she asked lightly Lewis D. Edwards, the Composer

is is stack. in the feed therechicken to slappause. cover an awkward He D. the Lewis Edwards, Professor don't think Mother,See here, first ped another. one pocket then and of the present composer popular live to got buthardhearted I have I myam here. rest Right "Yep. The will setting of "I That ReKnow life. well,"blurted and, My he And,own follow mail."by

the rest out rapidly, "you are a widow "All right, big boy. Good luck."deemer Lives,"was the son of David

now and counties pay them pensions."He leaned and caught her in a des- T. and Esther Edwards and was

"Dale."perate hug. For a moment they clung born in Aberdare, South Wales, in

"I can't help it. I have been talking to each other. Then squaring his 1858. Coming to America, he spent

to Mr. Saunders. He says there is talk shoulders the boy walked away, passing

of the government buying up this land the crossroad, and without a backthat hasn't sufficient water and turning ward glance went down the beckoning it back to sage. If that doesn't go road to his future. Nancy watched

through he can get you a trade for an until his form blended with the sage.

acre or two near town where you can "Please, Heavenly Father, help him have your chickens. Then with what to get there."the boys—She must go back. She got out to

"What about you?"turn the crank. As she slipped into

"I am asking Nancy for a little to her seat again she noticed her old black start me off, if she has any left. If she pocketbook in the seat beside her.

marries Reid she won't need any of it."While the car barked and spluttered

For a long moment the mother sat she opened it and took a long brown perfectly still, only her fingers moving, envelope. Inside it were bills. She

picking restlessly at her apron. had intended slipping some of them

"Then what?"into Dale's pocket. It was just as well

"If you are taken care of I can make that she hadn't. Vaguely she sensed

my own way. Will you let me try it?"that to make his own way, to fight his LEWIS D. EDWARDS

"I may be able to spare you some."own battle, was after all what he was

"Not on your life. All I want of you working for; and without it there would some of his young years in Pennsylis permission."be no satisfaction for this strongvania, singing in Church choirs.

He rose and stood looking down at minded boy. Traveling west he was converted to

her. She searched the face of this her "Not that I blame you, in a way."the Mormon faith, baptized at Ogstrong purposeful son. Memories of He was standing by his colors but he den, Utah, March 31, 1878, and

another built so like him gave her thought she was not. But he was mismoved to Willard, Utah, the next

strength. Rising she put her hands on taken. They were all mistaken. She day. There he met Evan Stephens,

his shoulders. her knew mind. written She had own tuition learned under he soon whose

will "I last glad pray night and Reid told am so we she God him and was to play also, the organ. There, behelp. realizingto without to ready Somehow, married that be now. Not

lifelong a friendship gan between it, I think in given doing were you, I blamewe should we have a way. Why

you the best heritage after all. I am he talk in riddles? Hastily she grasped these two men. He progressed rapsure we have."the wheel and turned the car about. idly in the study of harmony and

"What is this I hear?"Nancy stood She would drive fast, fast, fast. She composition. In 1879, while teacher

in the doorway. would drive back to her new and better of the Willard Primary class, he

"I am going to school if you will help life. composed many songs for Latterday

me."( To be Concluded ) ( Concluded on page 628

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

The Story of Our Hymns THE MAKING OF BUCKSKIN CLOTHING (Concluded from page 627) [Concluded [cam page 601 rubbing or more if necessary, the

Saint children and became bandsion with ice and water. Mr. Red hide is now a pale ivory color or dead

master. In 1880, he succeeded ProMan paid them no attention, for white.

fessor Stephens as leader of the Wilnature was aiding him in the making The next process in the making of lard choir and directed the singing of buckskin. When the first Janbuckskin is used on only part of the

in the Sunday School; he also conuary thaw came along and the water skins and consists of smoking or

ducted singing classes at Harrison the skins melted a bit, he removed tanning to a rich brown; this of

ville, Brigham City, Farmington, two or three hides and turned them course adds the rich familiar odor and Centerville. He taught an unover to his wife with orders to go of smoke to buckskin. Not all of

finished term of Professor Stephens'to work. Doing the hard work of the skins are tanned, for some cusat Ogden, and was teacher of music the tribe had always been her task tomers wish white gloves or articles

in the Ogden City Schools. He and she gladly accepted the job of which are made from the white buckwrote and produced an opera called turning the deerskin into the finest skin.

The Two Orphans. of leather. In the tanning process, the hide is

clothesline a over from hung a Professor 1891, In Edwards in the water, long soaking The fire small kindled cedar with Idaho, taught to Preston, wood andmoved freezing, loosened thawing had and fire is built sage. or the until Sometimesin Stake the Oneida Academy skin the hair of the the softened and in kettle 1 sticks 1 or a a pan few and conduct900. In he 892,August,

flesh to the adheres sometimes which time, at the acrid a added smoke the and Glee Brush Club"ed "Sage skin hide. a over hung The was rich tan turning skin the to slowly a In of 1898, Logan."Choral Union"six feet long post leaned which about color. skin the has reached leaderhis underthe Preston Choir When the log the against hut up and squaw

it is for color the proper ready at Salt at now theship Eisteddfod sang hair. to the removing went work suits, gloves, dresses, into making prizes. City twoLake and won scraping a with This done by was articles. shirts, other and Sunday composed many He stick, fifteen three inches and wide into of turning buckskin The his anthem, songsSchool "Our and long. inches skin scraped was The real clothes requires dressmaking daily in sungFather Heaven,"was in this until sides both on manner skill. of expert most women The Salt the ofat dedication the Lake flesh, all dirt hair, rethe were and this tribe In the the are given work. his for prize anaTemple. won He skin then moved. washed was The gloves, patof making cardboard the Againstthem, Stand Can "Who in out hung water soapy and terns the are gloves used and sewed of medals the Other Lord?"Works cabin. side the of the on sunny linen hand. thread with up Deby at Cleveland, Ohio,were awarded

it least left at ten for days Here was laid signs the out are then beadand at Williamsport, Indiana,Lafayette, this dry. hard and became and At added. work in Salt Eisteddfod the at Lakeand older services of the point the

is It that the determines beadwork dishort time1898. he was a For tribe of the brought were squaws clothing. price of the Indianmade in Salt City the ofrector music Lake into play. the sought sunny They calling intricate designs, more The atschools. died Grande, La He the side cabin with of the most and just for stitching careful of of hours 4, 1921.Oregon, March flat tools, piece of of sharp ancient a

right the the beads, colored jumps it until stone, hide bescraped the Tune The is It price accordingly. not uncom-

'"The first tune to this song that we came soft. mon for a woman to spend a year in

have any record of was written It takes brains to make good buckmaking one fancy buckskin dress.

by George Careless and went skin, that is, beef brains. A pound Sometimes several pounds of beads

through all the editions of the Latterof brains, a pound of lard, a bar of are used in carrying out flower deday Saints Psalmody under the name white laundry soap, and a quart of signs in natural t color. Elaborate

of "Redeemer."In December, 1886, water are boiled together. A sickdresses of this type bring the makers

a tune by Edwin F. Parry was pubening white mass the consistency of from one hundred dollars upward.

lished in the Juvenile Instructor, but thick cream is the result. The deerOn the whole, the Washakie Inwith all the marvelous composing skin is now spread out on a table and dians engaged in the making of

ability of George Careless and the the brain mixture is rubbed into the buckskin exercise great care in their melodic genius of Edwin F. Parry, hide with the hands. The hide work and most of the articles turned

they did not fully catch the spirit of eventually becomes a soft, wet, out by them are of the finest workthis song as did the Welshman, pliable mass and is again hung out manship. Today they take a great

Lewis D. Edwards, who wrote the in the sun to dry. This procedure is deal of pride in preserving this anpresent popular tune. The date of repeated at least three times, the cient American art, that of making

the writing is unknown, but it was hide drying for ten days each time buckskin, a business which their published in Deseret Sunday School and then undergoing the rubbing forefathers have carried on for unHymns in 1 909 and is now in Latterwith the sharp stone. After a third counted generations.

day Saint Hymns.

If Samuel Medley had been here directto not have suggested he could THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM appropriate than thisa tune more one, for Edwards caught Medley's [Continued from page 591) of magic. "There may have been an

style by giving accent to the key lowed by a vacancy of two years element of personal vengeance in the words which the hymnist loved to before the election of John XXII fate of Hugh Geraldi, the bishop of repeat in his refrains. As far as the who added nothing to papal respect [pope] John's (13161334) native

Latterday Saints are concerned, and prestige. The Inquisition was city, who, convicted of compassing

Edwards has linked his name with still active in searching out Albigenthe pope's death by magical arts, was

Medley's for all time. ses, Waldenses, and others accused flayed alive, torn asunder by horses,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM Andreturnwritingof theof papacyPeter of toAragon,Rome."the10

for also says, "passed author he same at In 1365, the place his remains Pope burnt demanded Urbanand V 7 visions, heavenly favored being by tribute the of which payment execution."hadof took prophecies. ecstasies, and He thirtyfive for unpaid remained with connections his of advantage to election the a double 1314,Tn imyears. parliament year next The their of the great to remind princes facplace, perial took one crown neither declared that nor King John the of the rally support to to duty oftion Austria electing Frederick its the other right any "without first had glance much pope."At Roman Bavaria. of Louis another,and analysis to last in subject to the agreement is here, but England claimed

Though in the contest which folany foreign power."Wyclif, who little or nothing is claimed and that

lowed, Louis was successful over had studied philosophy, theology, little is inconsistent. The "revelation"

Frederick, John XXII later proand both civil and canon law at given to Catherine of Sienna was a of importgreat revelation"against Louis "private a andnounced ban invited his to give opinOxford, was if as the a church to genuine, ance, interdictlaid an under Germany in ion to parliament attempted and of importance in the fact with whole, the Alps crossed Louis (1324). action that the of prove King John "reveany revelation;"and "public a in Milan. crownedand was null the void point of from and He was of had Peter Aragon to given lation"conthen and was marched on Rome civil law. of both view canon and bearing on and as similar importancesecrated as excommuniemperor by the of leadership, the determining In the ) year same Wyclif ( 1 366 bishops.cated all other yet the and pope and church, in that declared Divino Domino De over presided vast assembly a At revelation, could receiving bishops, no the should authority have pope no

in Saint of the Place the of emperorby Catherine whether even not know states. over governments and He anyone of or of election Aragon,Peter's, the to claim or the Peter Sienna assailed the practice of confession revelareceived a else, or not had had people thethe was pope by Roman

11 transubstantiof doctrine the and other of any tion. the absence In to declaredrevived; was John XXII ation, for attacked the clergy and in right quite revelation, Wyclif was Peter of the papacy deprivedbe and selfseeking the subserviency to and that fast to had which to hold desiring the investedRainalucci with was distinctive pope. scriptures. most conin His the revealed been

title Louis, of as Nicolas pope V. in is his and tribution Theologiae in his In De contained Summa De to withcompelledhowever, was protested Wyclif Civili Dominio, in Incarnationes, Benedicta which he

insuffiItaly and, with fromdraw charities of by squandering the against of the Christ emphasizes humanity cient him, to Nicolas force support property, of priests, misuse the unfit is declares friend that and our He antipope. at court as regarded evils the soon an papal ofwas the and brother. and collecthat the declared he Avignon; life, his the of close Towards John In Scripturae, Vedtate Sacrae De of selling the and tion "annates"of conflict his into with cameXXII Bible. In the the defends main, assailed he simony, and indulgences was earliest party. Fathers "Theown

it is literally. the or to understood be temporal the power pope—in souls the those that of taughthad is the king things above the it temporal Priests lanin should teach the

see died in grace not do havewho the guage of people and pope. common perare notthe of essence and God

it. everybody should study Were 1377, Gregory XI sent January, N after until resurthefectly blessed I there a popes were hundred and to bull against Wyclif copies of a opinion,rection 8 This in the body."

cardinal, mendicant a monk to the of Canterbury, Archbishop thethough been condemned it had by everythey III, to confidence be entitled to would to of London, Edward Bishop Paristhe of University in 1240, was in the University so far to only chancellor, as they agreed and with the publicly preached Pope by bull denounced Bible. Oxford. of John the his In (III), The Sermones successor in 1331. Pope HisXXII 's writings. in theses Wyclif eighteen tells of the he deep impression made suspected a publishedBenedict XII preached because he perhaps Partly the upon Bible him by study of the

this of "as "heresy"recantation poor, Wyclif be should that church the great the he contrast and saw how mendithe signed forhaving time been by a XXII supported John by was between the church then what was nobilof the orders many his death."by and cantthe before day in been what Testaand it had New brother, king's ity, including the John the events, gensimilar and These, times, the necessity ment reof and the opposed by of was Gaunt. He disgreateral corruption caused it. forming possessions. held of orders monks who the lessened greatlycontent and summoned he 1377, In February, was In rejecting interpretations the of

the popes.prestige of That "The of London. Courtenay Bishop before scriptures or developments in con-

... ecclesiastical reform ofneed of lords the and John of support The flict Bible, with the enWyclif was

little felt, yet so sorely and so such Lancaster,was of was of Gaunt, Duke tirely logical. a there Here and the incited assemwrangling, in power, after those that someheeded by claim, at at least date, later a was left with John Wyclif broke bly up private and to undercertain individuals

revelation, to "private"made Gaunt. oftake reforms on their own acclaim made that was After Wyclif had defended his theses the pope—orbut no...""count.

other directed any papal tract, by by in summoned he a was bishop—was similar effect these and what Just revelation directly to given for the before him to answer authority make the famousevents most produced on 630) page {Continued on the the guidance of church—no time, the Wyclif, ofprotestor John claim revela- "public"to was made 108. la p. et i"Mourret. Reforme, Renaissance Lait is to say. he impossible Though

5: tion. XIII, vol. "The p. of Encyclopedia, Saint Catherine, Catholic Writing The nothing. almost. 1320, about born the preserveswas assistance merely gift of divine saint says, "the took Mourret adit faith; does pontiff in. error denning from supremeis 1366. before about him known it. tittle subseAll to jot or to not enable him add at of vantage her court the sojourn

last apostle] the of [to the death the time of rendered quent EnglandKing had John ( ) of in ento Gregory as private XI Avignon are revelations conferred known by Godliable tribute to the pope. to pay not directed are they that for the reason revelations to the three courage accomplish pope of the for the to are good but church the whole

7Smith, Student's Ecclesiastical History, vol. II, tasks that she had been charged by individual members alone. Of these private revela-

p. 8Smith,110. Student's Ecclesiastical History, vol. II, p. God to have him realize; the reestabtions,even possibleBenedict toXIVgive says:them 'Itthe isassentnot obligatoryof Catholicor

118. lishment of peace among the nations, faith,dictatesbutofonlyprudence,of humanwhichfaith, presentin conformitythem towithus theas 9FunkCappadelca, A Manual of Church History,Vol. II, p. 31. the reform of the clergy, and the probable and worthy of pious belief.'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM ***A ftersoughtUrban'sand receivedelection, thefavorscardinalsfrom {Continued from page 629) archbishop of Bari, was elected as Urhim and at least tacitly recognized him for months. four as than pope more filled in a with atmosphere ban VI mob ofBishop "forbidden Lambeth and was first, the supported Wyclif new At six threats: days sepawhich "The into further the subject speak conon to pope. According "reforming"rated the the the of death from popetroversy"at confined for time and a of a Mourret, man Urban was VI filled of the opening conclave were III, the ofOxford. death Edward On that "thought superior character and threats [gros with menaces]. de On II, of the the son BlackRichard Prince of importance there more work no was Lagier, 28, cardinal of Bertrand March the influence of of underand John of the reform to that than undertake just his of out Glandeve, had come friend, king.Gaunt, Wyclif's became opinion dethe Public of Church. titular said mass, he church had where earlier writings of Wyclif's hadMost it 'in members.'and head He manded three Transhe hundred when saw in Latin; hebeen wrote and more now and the begin to with resolved head teverins said to meet coming him who in English.more fasts rigidly the to observe seen was 'Father, preserve to him: may God conflict the sharper, became As Wycin in the church use penitences and and just you. of the learned havelif We relied Bible the more and on more ecclesiastical duties his with to perform the holy of Gregory. pope most its translationand he procured from It is that punctuality. said exemplary little children, to as come, your deathWethe transLatin Vulgate and have may [cilice] shirt hair goat's a he wore of you, cardinals, to beg your you and it, islated part of there though no to deheard continually. he was And Italian elect to or an deign a Roman that actual theevidence did of he any the immoral clare the simony, on war designating are anyone: pope. not We himself. complaintwork "The made of the manners conduct, worldly and it if is is Italian or only enough heagainst that the Bible him he was made severunparalleled clergy the with an.'

.. that pressure was The Roman... foravailable even laymen men For ity. just exerted to only begun, and be had that believe to taught been hadwho to suddenly wished "But he when that reacardinal could the thought hecurrent in differed the custom church college of the in him, impose around... son. very answered him They scripthe law, vernacularfrom God's reform, ideas his of austere cardinals,

: truth, plainly well net] [tout 'The 17tures of proved a unmeasured weapon animosities awakened."were 12 is. it of Boniface, the here Since death possibilities."of importance "The is said other hand, the Urban VI On is gold. French with gorged France putting text actualthe of the bold move carhis cruelties practised on to have to turn has want now: come Our weof scripture into the of peothe hands for is authority dinals, Mourret and... this gold.'with be gorged French it isple said be appreciated may when and that the wine statement he had... gives witness] [of story an eye reforthat centuries the church had the into and mouths lime introduced of the interviews durtone held many 18 forthe Bible as book, closedgarded a 14 annostrils of the but them, of some this ing interregnum."the to peobidden read be by common create of to the intention pope nounced their fearful for cardinals were The IIIple. in Innocent ordered 1200 had Italian cardinals to an form enough new safety. personal quotes Hefele Carin Bible, current toa be Metz, French the of beginning the majority marks 13 proas sad Orsini "the dinal making 19burned."cardinals. revolt August of the On devil faith,"elect the fession of "Rather of the desired reform Wyclif Though eleccardinals the declared the 9, 1378, the die,"authorizing as promthan and "inthe he church members,"head and invalid, the tion of 20th on and Urban ise, of cardinals, of an the the part on until did the not with break papacy the they announced of September, I to Italian "If be consent not pope: after of the Schism. beginning the Great of election pope, Robert of a new pieces. gentlemen, cut to Go, Romans,"for as time a then appeared a heEven as VII. Geneva, Clement will vespers have "before you added, he of supporter promise gave Urban who 15 election the of been Urban Had will please you."someone who being of pope. "reforming"a Nomicardinals elected valid? him The who conclave, of the the end Toward nally, of remained a member Wyclif election the had said because "no,"cries of in the broken and crowd had life; all a his number held the church he Hefele forced the been mob. by Roman prevailed a had want Roman""We in pospositions died of and church the at says, out tumult broke mo- "A of an the shouts want over "We living of Lutterof session the crown cardinals the engaged were ment when Italian". which a mistake Through in Leicestershire.worth

. ) ( in electing a pope Urban The new fear, the of corrected not because was the XI, of the Gregory death On choice perhaps have they would which presented Peter's of Saint cardinal was

all, in eleven in sixteen cardinals Rome, will dictheir free of was made own the to as the and pope crowd new 20 Italians, Spanfour one andFrenchmen, fear."certain tated, measure, in by a announcehonors. papal rendered The

in remainthe iard, conclave. met Of first It history in the the time not was election of made Urban's was ment six College, ing cardinals of the seven fear result of the that the of Church vote, later. of exception one the With at Avigcardinals remained French had perfectly with coincided force and had it unanimous. been had sent the by been had one and non "transmisthat the divine or the order

: late says pope had "The Thompson the Florento peace with pope make taken "apostolic authority"of sion"had

[to from accompanied been Rome tines. path. devious a

cardinals, Italian his but Avignon] by Neapolitan the pope, The new church early not known had The seized ones. were French These few of a less election cardinals, an much

505. 1, vol. p. History, Medieval Cambridge in conclave, shut the up and by Romans still less the cardinals, bishop and the by presentreflects is following It that the possible incarceration, to and amounted which the Bible: attitude towards of Catholic the Church day carthe selection of same by two men

the that if is prevent nothing can incontestable "It not did violence they threatened with fill office of bishop. dinals to the same Is there in the entire world. of the Bible reading the papal elect to vacant a Roman substi- [to great not a gained] be advantage by then been Clement had Both and Urban

infaithful for office. tuting the version authorized ignore the menace, a to Afraid and the in cardinals elected and the same by ecclesiastical all aptranslations of exact deprived if fearful opposition of yet French proval? in preceding pope had a which manner the elect pope, the See a not Bible French authorized "Finally a did French Holy they by be future should that popes decided all of pretext protestants take would from away cardinals imprisoned compromised by of unjustly preventing accusing the Catholic church clergy, faithful, and the elected. The Bari, of electing an the faithful Archbishop reading the of the Exfrom word God."to princes between choose had now letter archtract fortyfive bishops from and of of subject Italian prelate the was who

in politintro- his to Pius IX, published bishops holiness, choice on them. made was The of queen halfFrench the Jeanne to Bible, et Vigouroux, Glaire Sainte duction La little ical there indeed was grounds and 19 1. Paris, vol. 1919. Testament, Ancien Naples."it. influenced else of the Engforbid that not reading could does the have Church The

internotes Bible Catholic accompanied by when (Catholic), Histoire des Conciles, "HefeleLeclercq it, translapreting that prefers such a they and read la 115. et Re[orme, p. 17Mourret, Renaissance La 2, note, 980. VI, p. tion rather translated the as Bible than annotated and 118, la et Renaissance lsMourret, Reforme, pp. La

to Introduction nonCatholics. 15HefeleLeclercq, Conciles, Histoire des Biblia, See Sagrada by VI, 2, 119.

notes published the 993. 1926. Catolica, Paso, 990, Revista El by pp. 115. la 10Mourret, p. et Renaissance Reforme, La

13James Westfall Thompson, The Middle Ages, 10James Westfall Thompson, The Middle Ages, HefeleLeslercq, Histoire des Conciles, VI, 2,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

The Protestors of Christendom land chose Urban VI because she was Your Chapel Too, Can Have Inspiring at war with France and Clement VII was supposedly under the influence of

France. For a like reason Scotland

chose Clement.

Deserted by his old cardinals, Urban twentynine He named new ones.VI MUSIC his ORGANalso and Clement excommunicated

followers. Clement, in turn, excommunicated Urban and his followers.

Were the excommunications authoritative and valid, one or both, or were they in an apostate church entirely superfluous? In any case, rival popes

had excommunicated each other and all Christendom before.

This schism afforded Wyclif protection at the same time that the scandal of it strengthened and intensified his protests. In 1379, his De

Potestate Papae destroyed most of the claims of the papacy: The pope must

be judged by God's law, and he may be among those who deserve the name of antiChrist. Priests and bishops are essentially the same and the pope's If You Own A

claims based on the primacy of Saint

Peter are null. In his Opus Evangetiam,

left unfinished at his death, Wyclif attacked the organization of the church, ritual, indulgences, its and elaborate the HAMMOND ORGAN! not authorized things other by

Bible. "The Church of the fourteenth At only the Cost of a Good Piano

century was feeling after something nearer to the origins of Christianity, Never out of tune, easy to play, easy to install, takes up small something with less legalism and more conscience, something which put relispace, upkeep negligible.

gion again into direct and obvious touch with the heart and will, in a new exposition of the love [caritas] which, as OVER 1800 CHURCH INSTALLATIONS!

Wyclif said, is 21in one word the whole of God."word

last two years of Wyclif s life Concerts at our store, 74 S. Main Street, every day during The

were spent undisturbed at Lutterworth. conference by Mr. Seldon Heaps

While hearing mass, he collapsed from a stroke on the last day of the year 1384.

During his lifetime, Wyclif had sent out unordained preachers, two and two, to preach. After 1399, the statute De GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

haeretico combttrendo made it manda74 So. Main St.—Salt Lake City 2546 Washington Ave.—Ogden

tory to surrender heretical writings and heretics to be burned, and church and state united to suppress Wyclifism.

The Council of Constance declared

Wyclif a heretic, and his remains were dug up, burned, and thrown into the BE INDEPENDENT river Swift. No Other Vocation So Profitable

In England, Wyclifism was largely ENROLL NOW suppressed by force; it was in another EVERYTHING For a Complete Course at the

land, in Bohemia, that his work was to bear fruit. Photographic Quish School of Beauty Culture

in the West Best The call for Snapshot The Cambridge Medieval History, vol, VII, p. Write or 507.

Blag., S. 336340 Main, American Information UTAH CITY, LAKE SALT A'r<**.

Information For Further Inc. STORES, KODAK EASTMAN friends the to and your Era Cend *<*& Call or Catalog e* kin home. or from 5292 7560 Phone Wasatch away Wasatch -**>

This Fill in in the with touch Keep them Street 155 South Main Coupon %Q& Church,

The Era tells the Church about Salt Lake City, Utah the Church.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

Better OILPLATING keeps wear away and it Toward A never drains down nor waits for the oil Food Supply pump! Before other oils could even begin to circulate, OILPLATING will lub- {Concluded from page 595)

ricate! Hence no "dry starts"with your the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic inengine OILPLATED. And platings don't dustries than Dr. Wiley's original

fly off at speed, or frizzle away in the statute provided.

heat. So the heat indicator stays on the The new law will insure greater

safe side, and the gaugestick mostly says, safety from fruits and fruit products "FULL!"Have your Mileage Merchant containing poisonous ingredients deOIL-PLATE Your Engine. Continental rived from the spraying process.

Oil Company. In the past it has been necessary for

CONOCO GERM PROCESSED OIL thetain governmentproduct containedto prove athatquantitya cerof poison sufficient to be harmful to health. Under such wording of the Otf'Pdrfet fan Stfme

law, grave complications arise from the fact that traces of poison continuously consumed may produce recognizable symptoms only after a

THE UTAH PHOTO periodpoison ofis years.a new Ifchemicalthe particularabout

which little is known, timeconsum- a r changing to MATERIALS CO. ingmaylaboratorybe necessaryworktoondeterminetest animalsthe

their collection of Utah you to see of its toxicity. degree \ GL&BE invitePhotographs. Furthermore, it has been necessary Enlarging in Copying, and We specialize

Kodak Finishing. 27 years in the Phototo show that the quantity of poison

graphic Business in Salt Lake City. in the particular food on trial is so

high that that food by itself may be

CONFERENCE VISITORS harmful to health; the effect of furSee us for your Kodak Supplies and Finishther quantities of that same poison

ing. Prompt attention given to mail which the consumer may unavoidorders.

27 West So. Temple Salt Lake City ably get from other foods must be

Opposite Temple Square ignored. Such problems will be

avoided under the new law which will prohibit the addition of poison to food unless such addition is re- &aj>lor Jetoelrp quired in production or cannot be

Company avoidedtice. Wherein goodthemanufacturinguse of poisonspracis

the necessary will provide new law

This is the time to think of for legal tolerances limiting the

School Rings and Pins. We quantity to the point of safety.

can furnish you with these articles. Refinement of deHThe use of "distinctive names"for

sign and quality makes us food brands has made possible an outstanding Manufacan enormous amount of deception in i turer. package and processed foods under

162 So. Main St. the law. old a example: grocer For

5123 Was. i Phone offer sale for a bottle of strawmay

Salt Lake City, Utah berry jam labelled "Tasty Spread,

Net weight 14 l/2 oz Strawberry

Flavor, Guaranteed free from Artificial Color, Flavor, or Preservfilled to BEESLEY61 South Main Street MUSICSALT LAKECO.CITY atives."the brim Thewith jaran invitingmay be jamlike

Headquarters FESTIVAL M. I. A. MUSIC ior NUMBERS substance sprinkled with sureSeason 193839 enough strawberry seeds. Certainly

MIXED AND Are NowLADIES'on HandCHORUSES it looks like the genuine 5050 fresh

MALE AND CHORUS BOOKS fruit and sugar preserves familiarENROLL(Commence Later il Desired)NOW OPERA Will Later be Announced is the $25. Discount on a Complete to every housewife. How

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE purchaser to know that this tasty-

A State Accredited School HThe Era believes in the products looking concoction contains less than and services of its advertisers. half as much fruit as real jam? In

Ogden School of Beauty Culture They merit your patronage. many such cases the buyer has paid

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH When buying, mention that you fruit prices for sugar and water, with

Name saw it advertised in The Improve- a little pectin and some added acid

Address City—State.—ment Era. to pep up the flavor, because the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

mixture, egg in the which was reRock Trees and illness. for the child'sToward A Better sponsible

Food Supply For many years producers of liveMeteorite Holes to stock required feeds have been page {Continued 594) from to required notmanufacturer was label their to as chemical products bits possible. it is as These of wood the contentstell the truth about well as ingredicomposition as each

for that they reason are the tempting legitimate the the label.upon To in the feed. ent used Food The new

fine for rings sets and up into work practice amanufacturer such first will for the time law is and Drug fraudulent in character and the provide for such regulatory probracelets and tie pins. One can buy

product should be labelled "Imitacedure for human food. polished ones, however, at the curio

prices, at and reasonable store the because However,tion Jam."other the advantages which Many

forests the of cooperate. One a distinctive in question boreproduct future will enjoy be should could consumer

it before was denuded much was it be would Spread""Tastyname Briefly, the enumerated. law new

exempt from all provisions of the old framed after the fundamental printaken over by the government and law. ciples originally laid down by Dr. all of them would soon become more

If the labels of foods honestly tell Wiley, extends broader power of barren than they are if all who viswhat they are, then the consumer has enforcement, control, and superited the place carried off specimens.

if youthe opportunity to choose intellivision to Food and Drug officials, As you leave, the forester asks gently for his needs and desires. In permits increased research activities, have any petrified wood in your car.

one case a mother took her ailing and grants liberal authority to He asks so respectfully and in such child to a specialist in allergy. The establish standards of quality covergood faith that most people just

doctor had found the child to be ing all classes of foodstuffs. It couldn't carry off a sliver.

sensitive to eggs and that food conrenders the public a distinct service And now we have visited among taining eggs brought on attacks of by its positive characteristics as difthe rock trees, let us go to the asthma. Scrupulous care was taken ferentiated from the negative attiMeteorite hole. Those in charge

to avoid all such foods but the child tude of the former law. It should dignify it by calling it a crater and,

continued to have occasional attacks. prove to be conducive to much more indeed, it deserves that dignity. If

Investigation revealed that the intelligent and profitable buying by Arizona had enough rainfall to mother had fallen for the lure of a the consumer. moisten the proboscis of a mosquito,

noted Swiss beverage, which, it was Food control officials are highly that crater a mile in diameter, three claimed, would correct the child's optimistic over the possibilities of miles in circumference, would ununderweight condition, calm her the new statute and feel confident doubtedly be a beautiful lake. As

nerves, promote energy in the daythe American public is entering a it is, it is just a hole with a shadscale time, and induce sleep at night. The new era in food supply safety and or sagebrush in its bottom.

label gave no hint of the 3 % dried quality. ( Concluded on page 634

Wisl rtjoiL 3iominq, Jod\?

H give me a home where the buffalo roam trills a sunbronzed cowboy as his day is done on the western range.

And in some faraway fishing skiff on the moonpolished Pacific an islander may be strumming tonight, "Carry me back to my little grass shack in

Kealakekua...."

Away down south in Dixie a weary darkie 'wanders down the plantation path, his hands calloused from the cotton bush. He is humming, "My old Kentucky

..."home.

Around countless hearthsides the world over there are those who are thinking, if not chanting cheerily, "Be it ever so humble, there is no place like home!"

TONIGHT, when your daily task is done, will you be "homing"for your own dwelling, too? If not it is now easy for you to build a new home at low cost

and with no worry or trouble. This can be done through our new onestep

homebuilding service, which includes furnishing, finance, plans and reliable contractors.... Through our plan you may build an attractive fiveroom house for as

low as $30.00 per month! You may remodel your present home for as low as $5.00

per month.

Sugar House Lumber & Hardware Go.

1 164 East 21st So. St.—Hyland 555

M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, Manager

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

ROCK TREES AND METEORITE HOLES 633) NATIONAL (Concluded from page

CASH REGISTERS HolbrookThe Meteoriteand Flagstaff,Crater lies Arizona,between crater—itThere isn'tcostsmucha quarterto see toat thesee NEW AND SECOND HAND about five miles off the main highit—but there is much to speculate

way which leads from St. Johns to upon. It is certainly one of the

$75.00 and Up Salt Lake City across the Lee's natural wonders of the world. It is

CONVENIENT TERMS Ferry Bridge. a good place to go if one wishes to

SUPPLIES AND REPAIRS Geologists estimate that a meteorunderstand the comparative strength

THE NATIONAL CASH itestruckweighingthe earththousandsat that spot.of Theytons ofman.God Theseas exhibitedthings—thein naturepetrifiedand

trees the REGISTER not CO. beauand terrific the that so impact say was crater—are

R. V. Sales SEYMOUR, Agent are tiful, but they wonderful. One it all life killed within that must have

132134 East 2nd South thrilled visits to not be beauthem by spot. then, miles of the But perhaps City, Salt Lake Utah

ty but by the immensity of the forces there wasn't any life—human life,

at any rate, of nature.

Should you wish to visit these to dig out company was formed A places from to Jacob's Utah drive it that The Advertisers, the body, heavenly knowing at the Lake, via turn off Kanab;

station to Lee's Jacob's Lake Service and Where You Will F ind wasTheyprobablydrilled richin thein nicklebottomandofiron.the enthrough Ferry, follow a road an

Their Messages crater, but did not find it. A more trancing country of color and form

careful study of the crater indicated to Flagstaff or to the junction near at struck that probably Refining the meteor and Smelting American Flagstaff, east turn the then main on 583 rim Co angle. the out an on They went until to sign a highway come you..632 Music Beesley Co drills, finding their sent and down to crater. directs the which you Ins. Cover The Life Beneficial Back Co feet 1,300 the approximately body..613 University Brigham Young forest beyond Holbrook and is on

..581 of the ground. the surface under Refining Products Co Corn in a from be reached few hours may

..632 Oil Continental Co visualizing the crater. are to Fine roads be have difficulty If you..613 Music Daynes Co

Deseret Book Co..612 the magnitude of this great hole, had all the way. From California,

Deseret News Press..638 remember that twelve ordinary city one would go via Zion Canyon to

Eastman Kodak Stores..631 blocks could be placed in it and that Kanab and then on. It is a trip

..631 Globe Mills 611, 632, 637, 639 the highest buildings on the blocks worth taking. On the way back one

Intermountain Beet Sugar Con would appear almost as toy houses could visit the South Rim of the panies..579 in the bottom of the crater. Grand Canyon.

KSL Radio Station Inside Back C over Landes Tractor & Equipment Co..583

..637 Hotel Lankershim PRINCIPLE..580 A MATTER OF College L. D. S. Business

Mountain Fuel Supply Co..580 (Continued from page 593)

..634 I am,"she exNephi Plaster Co..639 Shane knocked on the door. A "What a hostess

New Grand Hotel..637 woman past middle life with graying claimed. "Come in, won't you, sir?"

Ogden School of Beauty..632 hair answered. "I believe I will,"Banker Shane

Provo School of Beauty..634 "Is this Mrs. Kelley?"said. "I'd like a drink of water."

Quish Ford Rose, SchoolT of Beauty Culture..631..636 She nodded. She stepped aside and he moved

Royal Typewriter Co..637 "I'm Mrs. Kelley."into the house. One glance showed SchossRead Electric Co..636 "Do you have a son—"Shane it to be spotlessly clean though poorShell Oil Co Inside Front Cover hesitated smiling—"'Irish'Kelley?"ly furnished.

Sugarhouse Lumber Co 633 Her face became radiant. "Sit down and I'll bring you a..637 Inc Standard Brands,

Taylor Jewelry Co..632 "That must be Patrick,"she exdrink that is a drink,"she boasted.

Utah Engraving Co..636 claimed. "That laddie is always "Water's one thing we have that's

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co..639 up to some joke. What's he done equal to that of presidents and kings.

..635 Refining Oil Utah Co art he'll have Pat says an now/ day some..632 Photo Materials Utah Co

will right here people and "How is he fixed for money? Does studio..639 Savings Utah Co & Trust

Z. C. M. I 577 he have much?"come from far and near to see his

Tears filled the blue eyes that paintings and then he'll be able to were much like the lad's. give 'em some wonderful water, anyATTEND around"Oh, thismy, house,no. Money'sbut we managescarce way."She disappeared and Gilbert

all along. to alone in Pat brings he get the cozy Shane me was left of CultureProvo School Beauty

little nothing the himearn can room. on and spends word Somehow theThe School Promise Where is Kept

11 East 1st No., Provo, Utah self, except a little for water colors. "principle"formed itself over every-

A Life's income for a meager investment Pat's goin'to be a painter you thing he could see. His heart ached

Fill in coupon for further know."a little, for he had once been a couninformation or Shane could not control his curitry boy like Irish Kelley and those

Phone No. 2 osity. He glanced past the proud days were sweet in his mind.

mother into her tiny home. She Mrs. Kelley handed him a glass

observed his look. of sparkling water.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE At the moment he took the glass, wait. Mother and I are the best her breath. She looked at Pat's

there was a merry birdcall from the waiters you ever saw because she shaggy shirt and muchpatched yard. says we are the best dreamers in the overalls and Shane could read her

"There he is, now,"Mrs. Kelley world. We're on our own, but mind as if her thoughts were laid

said. "Come in, Pat; we have comwe're goin'strong."out in print before him.

pany."Gilbert Shane took the boy's hand. "What do you say, Pat?"she

Patrick Kelley came in through "Some day there will be a studio asked, her voice low and full of tears.

the door, his eyes wide with astonhere and the world will come to see "Five dollars would buy so much ishment. you and your pictures,"he said that we need."

"Pat, here's a gentleman who has solemnly. "Thanks for what you've "They're not for sale,"Pat ancalled upon us. He's come to see done for me. And thank you, Mrs. swered sharply—"Not for any price.

you."Kelley. Your hollyhocks are lovely, You can have all the others for noth-

"Me?"Pat was incredulous. I'd like to buy all you'll sell."ing, didn't she tell you?"he said

Gilbert Shane, rich, at ease with "Oh, you may have all you want. belligerently. "You can't buy those

the world, looked down at the boy They grow profusely—all but that by the ditch—they're not for sale.

and found himself envying the clear little clump by the stream. Patrick's We decided that, mother and I, and

eye, the straight shoulders, the frank father started them there and Pat I guess we kin stick by our prinface. and I keep them blooming there as ciples."

"You, 'Principle'Kelley,"Gilbert long each year as we can—It's a Mrs. Kelley threw her arms

Shane answered. "I ran out to be kind of memory grove all our own. around her son.

sure I was making no mistake. I Pat's father always used to say, "You darling,"she cried. "Of

wanted to be sure you were real, and, 'Stick by your principles and you'll course they're not for sale. And

frankly, I wanted to know more of just have to be happy—only those now, Mr. Shane, if you like we'll

your circumstances. Are you happy, who lose their principles lose their load your car with the others, but

Mrs. Kelley?"happiness."you can't have these."She smiled A little startled, the lady hesitated. Shane found his voice husky when through her tears—"It's a matter of

"Happy—of course we're happy. he spoke. principle, you see. We couldn't be

We're getting along fine, Patrick and "But I'd like those especially,"happy without those flowers right

I."said he, determined to test them furthere, so what good would the money

"Are you happy, 'Principle'?"the ther, "I'll give you five dollars for be?"

banker asked, turning to the boy. them."Gilbert Shane walked toward his

"You bet,"he answered. "There's Mrs. Kelley involuntarily laid her car.

lots of things we want, but we kin hand at her throat as if she had lost (Concluded on page 636)

TO MATCH FALL WEATHER

ClimateControlledPEP 88 GASOLINE

Get this special Autumnized Quickstarting, MOTORICOOIL

Longmileage Gasoline at any dealer where you see this familiar sign rEPSBtGASOLINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

PRINCIPLE Let me do your IRONING just A MATTER OF

One Week! Signed—Fred Schoss. {Concluded from page 635)

"I couldn't take senses. regained for you've your Will

frotirife he. nothing,"said also or you?"won't you "I've—I'vethe flowers off Takes you your feet, principles. developed some crazier ever than "I'm You this mornfor free ask demonstration don't know just how happy you ing,"Gilbert Shane answered. "I

SCHOSSREAD ELECTRIC CO. really are."won t.

OGDEN TREMONTON The next morning Joe McQuarry "And why, may I ask?"

entered Shane's office, a belligerent "Well, it's just a matter of prinface. his frown upon a matter of ciple—that's all—just Gil, I've "Now, come to see if principle."... WE OFfER A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE to portraits Missionary From KIMBALL the largest J. GOLDEN catalogues

Attention. Mail Prompt Orders Given (Continued from page 590).. '

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. '"Temporarily the family moved to ily, that we so often hear expressed.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Provo, Utah. The mother kept It is to another phase of his life

boarders. The boys during week that I would invite your attention,

INVITATIONS OH ends hauled coal from Coalville. We often speak of him as friend.

ever thought Thus as two you spent years were of him by Have ANNOUNCEMENTS (All Paneled)WEDDINGWrite for Samples teacher? taught probably Golden at Brigham few Young He AcadEnglish or Old100 Script Lettering $5-50 emy. Upon leaving the Academy classes; certainly he never wrote a

including sets of envelopes two he devoted the next two years book, and yet in his way he was one

FORD T. ROSE, Box 1674, Salt Lake City in the Southern States Mission. of the outstanding teachers of our

Later, he served three years as the time. It was through those inimical

president of that mission. sermons of his and his earnest manMutual Messages Returning home, he married Jennie ner of living that he taught. He had

Knowlton in 1 887. For a short time a way all his own, a way which (Concluded from page 626) the couple lived at Meadowville and commanded instant attention, won

We are staunch Catholics but I am glad of then moved to Logan, Utah. Three men to him, and made them rememlike place thata can where my boy go. of their six children were born there. ber his very words. His knowledge like that to a motion a commakeI would

mittee be appointed today because we are Golden and his brother, Elias, of the Gospel, his trenchant wit, his letting the Mormons do the very thing we went into the implement business at love of truth, his penetrating insight, should be doing for this community."Logan, Utah, and at Montpelier, his sane philosophy, his great sinpresident of the school board The from Idaho. After four years of hard cerity and faith: all of these conbuilding arose rent the and said: wewhom

"Mrs. Cox, who is a member of that Church, work in this enterprise, they "came tributed to his equipment as a teacher

will be more than pleased with what I have out with experience plus experiof men.

to say. When the Bishop asked to rent ence."The venture was a total failAt the outset I confess admiraitthe school, reluctant were to rent we to ure. "And thus,"writes J. Golden, tion for J. Golden Kimball as a group as is to or moreany be less damage

expected where large numbers gather, but "we were prevented from chasing teacher. For many years I have

I can truthfully say that not one bit of the golden calf. Moral: Don't set loved him. Moreover, to me he was

damage has ever been done and our janitors your heart upon riches, don't specuintensely interesting. Like so many

evendo not the have to clean up class late, and don't go in debt."others, I have been a ready listener

after orrooms the auditorium, leave. they

They have checked on parked cars and not On April 6, 1892, while serving as he spoke. And this, an educator

one case of petting, smoking, or drinking as president of the Southern States would likely say, creates a favorable has ever been found. All their dances are Mission, J. Golden Kimball was atmosphere for learning.

well conducted nothing with boisterous or his chosen not alone the But First of from it was a member Counloud are they truly of and an example his of the that In Seventy. he taught me. words follow- 1 896, From likewhat children to cil we would our own

be and they are doing for this community ing his return from the mission field, way of living, from his very life and the very thing the P. T. A. should be doing."he was selected one of the aids of the conduct, I have learned valuable

I committee appointed The was and was truths. Young Mutual Men's Improvement

it, toasked serve I could so help on form Association. His service, devoted From his reaction to the temptaplana from our for Mutual programs

them to follow. these many years, to these two ortions laid in his path as a mere boy,

We have twentythree boys and girls ganizations and to the Church is and from his straightforward uttocoming to not Mutual belong do our who his lifegenerally acts all during forty terances and known. over For

they in areChurch and active well class as in indelible lessons time, have attended the he come executive partas taking in years, our programs on and drama. meetings of these organizations and honesty.

I am indeed happy and proud of the optraveled throughout Zion, speaking From his eager acceptance upon portunity of helping in such a wonderful words of encouragement and inthe death of his father of the reorganization.

spiration. sponsibility to support the family,

There is no space to sketch in when his mother urged him to stay in detail the kind of man J. Golden school, others have been made more

Cupport the advertisers who supKimball had grown to be, nor is there willing to shoulder responsibilities.

port your magazine. any need for this. Everyone knows From his outstanding fairness as

And when purchasing these goods what he was, and has the same high a contractor, digging basements, or services, mention that you saw regard for his character, the same hauling rock; and then from the

them advertised in The Improvement esteem for his friendship, the same fact that he shared the profits with

Era. tender feeling for him and his famhis brothers working with him

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

J. Golden Kimball

while he himself as contractor met the losses whenever they occurredthese are lessons in fair and generUMY WIFE BAKES THE ous dealing. rr His pioneering in the cold bleak FINESTTASTING CAKE!

country of the Bear Lake, the hardComplimentary, yes! But the reason for her baking success is dependships, the obstacles which he met able ingredients; in iact, she ALWAYS uses Royal Baking Powder to

and overcame, the disposition to ensure her oi finerflavored, eventextured cake.

meditate inspired by the lonely life, It's because Royal is made with cream of tartar that it helps make her and his response to Dr. Maeser's cakes so much more delicious. And being thriftminded, she realizes

appeal for education, leave their lesthat baking failures are too expensive to risk, sons deeply impressed. so she uses Royal and gets exceptionally fine

His sane attitude toward specularesults.

tion, and his experience with it in the ventures into which he was drawn, preach their own kind of muchneeded sermon.

field the mission years in His and Get it at YOURhis service in the subsequent Church, in fifty years, than all more have ingrocer's today! service. to greaterspired many

His love of truth, his ability to survey the field of truth and error, frills,of fundamentals and and to HOTEL LANKERSHIMseparate the chaff,""the wheat from have left inspiration to the truth7th & BROADWAY loving. NEW GRAND

His love of the people, his love his friends, to devotion theof genHOTEL LOS ANGELES eral in welfare, lessons are ChrisSALT LAKE CITY 'TWO PERSONS -. ONE CHARGE"

tian conduct.

["istening to the inner story of his life, as told by himself and others,it may be learned how he has fought Smart Women to protect the honor and the virtue of others, and of how he has sought are Changing to always to help men maintain and increase their selfrespect. GLOBElir ""

From J. Golden Kimball I have

learned more about tolerance than from any other man. In the years

I knew him he was uniformly considerate of the other man's views.

He was tolerant and charitable.

Dogmatism, so often the enemy of religion, was absent in his teaching and in his life. He met others on

equal ground. He too had weaknesses; he admitted them freely. He I'LL TALK FOR MYSELF \> GIVEtoo physically had suffered, and JUST ME THE frn&mentally. Disappointment, embarTEST DESKrassment, frequently crossed his GV& tSfrjm*

path. He was humble, repentant,

and he was kind and human. These ffGLOBE

things helped him to understand and SA1 others, particularlyfeel for the unfortunate. And between him and

them there was a bond and common mj

Try your Royal in EasyWriting an own oiunderstanding.

fice. is so its popularity increasing See why GLOBE rapidly. friends, his ten Despite thousand hk M CAKEPLQUR > oftenBrother Kimball a sad was TYPEWRITER CO. ROYAL

and lonely man. Much of his time 20 P. O. Place—Tel. Was. 5608—Salt Lake City

was spent in meditation, much of it in sad reflection. How could this

be, when he himself was the laughROYALWORLD'S NO. 1 TYPEWRITER CAKE FLOUR

(Concluded on page 639)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

SOLUTION TO SEPTEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Eternal God (Rev. 21:5)

1 M KB W E & L V E H E A E s L R o D N E A NX 5 i X.X E L E L T A S E XX $

N E 2 E A M G -R T KX'ft E B E u E S c E A &B

i E A A A E M T N R S5 x

1 H E A E B L V R

l E R R R P A R E &D $ A A T s H E F 1 * & $ N U 1 A i T w T Q & &X

1 1 l C u T A S i T N B $-R E L E A s E T A M $ S N O $$L o V E D 8 u s

</ ACROSS 1 "and the rough... plain"38 "and thy years shall have no..."

6 "for in the month... thou earnest 39 "for the time is... hand"

out of Egypt"40 Also 9 "And... John saw these things"42 Exclamation oar 10 "I John, who... also your 44 "But... Lord shall endure for

brother"ever"1 Greek letter 46 "I am the..., and I am the

13 Grandson of Esau; roam (anag.) last; and beside me there is no

1 Late Latin God"16 Turkish commander 50 Withdraw; no lie (anag.) ras 18 "whidi is,... which was"52 "as... of robbers wait for a

words are true... faith54 "these Right 22 Preserve in bound vol19 Greek letter man"ful"24 Repeat sign in music

umes the vast amount of 25 Roumanian 55 "neither can... number of his

valuable reading in your 2627 Half"one ofdayeachis with... Lord as a 56 "I yearsthe beLord,searchedthe first,out"and with

the he"years"thousand...; I am Era.

present in.. in body, but the. 29 "In.. God created the 57 ".

Handsome, durable cloth 31 "nowheaventheandcoatthewasearth"without..."58 "fromspirit"the morning until..."

binding, stamped in gold, 33 Place of the seal 34 No (Scot.) Our Text from Revelation is 9, 10, 11,

$2.00 per volume. 35 "... my reward is with me"18, 19, 27, 29, 35, 36, 38, 44, 46,

36 "... eternal God is thy refuge"54, 55, and 56 combined

SPECIAL PRICES FOR DOWN "and brought him to an..."of bean 30 Variety TEN OR MORE 2

state 32 Title; 3 Game

of Bavaria Printer's measure VOLUMES 4 37 Town... the nine? ""but where 5 names 39 God in Hebrew BRING THEM IN NOW 6 Exclamation 40 "Were there not... cleansed?"

7 Cry of sheep 41 "Do ye not therefore..., be-

8 Carriage by boat cause ye know not the scriptures''1 "brought in from Ophir great 43 "Be not... in thy spirit"

plenty of... trees"44 Weights

the "I flee unto thee to... me"worship 12 true God 45 do not TheyThe Deseret to certain mountains Pertaining 47 Article 14

15 Members of a congregation of 48 "Ye have... yourselves for

nuns; rootlet (anag.) nought"News Press 17 Missile 49 Tailless, leaping creature

29 Richards Street 20 Masculine name 51 Labrador 21 Feminine name 53 Psalms Salt Lake City, Utah 23 Pronoun 55 Size of shot 28 "when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be..."

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1938

J. Golden Kimball

{Concluded from page 637) You Can't the of Church, when street Complete makerdecades on the have been men for Always Plan listhe Future by Banking callingball story,for whenthe latestaudiencesJ. GoldenhaveKimfor his tened humor? pungent

a the Past at Nevertheless, heart he was Service.. serious natural wit a man. His was

but secondary bent. Agreeable to Just because you haven't

The general forward movehis calling, spiritual teaching was had a fire is no reason ment in business finds this the great burden of his life's mission. why you won't. Don't

strong, conservative bank This burden was heavy upon him, judge the future by the so heavy indeed that his meditation past. cooperating with its clients was directed toward the uplift of

in every possible way. Our his people. What message would Fire is a constant menvisit you any service includes Commerhelp them most and how best could ace and may

cial and Savings Accounts, he deliver it? Long hours he ponday.

toTrust Department—acting dered upon this question. Very ofInsure your property

ten, the answer the he left to be protected inday and as Administrator, Executor, spiration of the occasion. sensed loss. against He

Trustee, and Guardian keenly most the importance of keepBetter get your policy j Department and Abstract his ing in audience awake and can. a while you receptive to In his teaching. Boxes. mood Safety Deposit

this his wit served him well. His

humor was almost always sponUtah Home Fire

Insurance Co. TIT*J A AXXA TI savingsTRUST CO.& taneous.From J. Golden Kimball's life it

235 South Main Street may be learned that humor has its Heber J. Grant 5c Co.

Member Federal Reserve System place in the world, that it may act GENERAL AGENTS

Member Federal Deposit as the yeast to leaven the whole of Salt Lake City, Utah

Insurance Corporation life, that it can break down barriers, promote fellowship, preserve sanity, and make for general good feeling.

Certainly in his case it played its part in teaching great spiritual truths. And it is not too much to NEPHI... assume that the gray days for thouSUPER-ACOUSTIC PLASTER sands have been brightened by his

Used throughout the sparkling wit, that their outlook on are changing to

University Library life has been made better by the rich,

Building and wholesome philosophy which inof the Church's Many finest in variably accompanied that sponstructures GLOBEM

Utah and California taneous outburst of his humor.

A beautiful, durable, The sum total of these teachings soundabsorbing wall finish would be considerable, but the greatManufactured by a of est has been reserved to the last. Corporation Utah

45years standing This teacher was preeminently a man tyiy of faith. With all his being he be- h/y

NEPHI PLASTER & lieved in the immortality of the soul,

MANUFACTURING in the divinity of Christ our Lord, COMPANY 401 Dooly Block, and in the divine mission of Joseph

Salt Lake City, Utah Smith. His abiding faith was at the

bottom of his useful life.

?V,V?VV>>VVV>C>Vi(X>C/'Through his faith he learned the

Gospel of the Master, and taught it '.j&gSgSSS VISIT THE to the people. Through his faith m

the sick were healed, he prophesied orvnoYi and his prophecies came to pass. M Through his faith he became a man "TatoP* m uplift for the and influence power <jtanoLcraft of

of his fellows. Surely ever no one doubted his sincerity in the things PANCAKE GLOBE

WAFFl ik M Shop he taught, or in his loyalty to the s

Sponsored by Church.

are, living there thousands Many The tell dead, gladly of and who would L. Relief D. S. Society, PANCAKE and

located floor of the substantial benefits received from on and the upper J. Golden WAFFLE FLOUR BUREAU OF INFORMATION theKimball,life andfriendministryand teacher.of

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY AGAINST ALL COMERS!

Healthy is an adjective pertaining to that which is in a state of vigor: a healthy person, a healthy tree, a healthy

state of affairs. Healthful applies to that which is conducive

of health, such as: healthful food, a healthful climate, healthful exercise.

FROM WUPPERTAL, GERMANY Being more or less cut off from the happeninjs at home, we flind the Era an excellent aid in keeping us informed on current events in the Church. Inasmuch as we missionaries

here in the Ruhr District number fourteen at present, and receive only three or four Eras for all of us, you can imagine the brotherly competition which goes on each time we meet to see which of us gets first turn to read them. In most cases

left are first "first it's served,"and of come, a matter we who the against his precaution as umbrella over arm an With fellowfortunate until our patient to more without be have missionary, likely, Elder rain a A, seemed which Mormon finished. missionaries are tracting, in time brought his religiously due him continued which

tracts, filled he with before mansionlike hands His a home. Utah, Arcadia, it spring strong brought the gate, the iron kicked but open

Its inEra. of every Improvement number The value force. dog a watch huge Immediately resounding with a back

of general topics of articles I structive range cover wide a looked terrace A. Elder him. the toward bounding came down

it it is all that thing gratifying the about information, and near big rescue. menacingly for were desperately jaws The

is elevating. wholesome and always the at parried as the and he umbrella poked pushed and open

it. I I prize years, for subscriber and a have been many shouting: springing, out master dog, barking came whose

the of history biography reference Church and a work on As with dog?"here are doing out man, what 'Young you my

it is unexcelled. leaders Church to procontinued heavily, "Sir,"breathing the missionary,

it I is has, fact, finest the publication think the Church In tect the himself, Church "I'm—I'm—I'm defending—defending it. forty I Congratulations without not on be would and Saints!"of Christ of Latterday Jesus

years. successful

G., Utah. L. Submitted Logan, H. by Shields, S. (Signed) Marian

President of Duchesne Stake Y. W. M. I. A. PLEASE TRANSPOSE

held in conference being of a stake

Priests'sponsorFROM SWEDEN ONthetheSevierSaturdayStake,nightthe High quorum were Dear Brethren:

Maymentwe Era,expresswithourits appreciationmany worthwhile,to you interestingfor The Improvearticles, ing"Higha dance.Priests'TheyBall,hadSaturday,"their handbillsetc. Atout thea fewdinnerdays tableaheadmy

communications from our leaders, and general attractiveness. little brother suddenly looked up at his father and said:

It is an excellent medium for the conveying of the message "Daddy, is it tonight the Priests are going to have that High of our Church to all those interested. Ball?"Very sincerely yours,—Submitted by Mrs. Milton Gentry, Beaver, Utah.

E. LeRoy Olson,

Mission Supt., Y. M. M. I. A., Swedish Mission. WITH WHOM?

A WORD FROM THE NAVY Donna,That eveningage 4, andMaryMaryJean'sJean,fatherage asked3, hadDonnaplayedhowall day.they

Dear Brethren: San Diego, California got along. Donna said: "Pretty good, but Mary Jean quarrels

Enclosed you will find a renewal of my subscription to your quite a magazine. I enjoy reading it very much. Since I have lot."—Submitted by Ezra A. Murdoch Driggs, Idaho.

I find the people meeting Church, from been and home away of PHONETICALLY CORRECT fully realize the value has caused of the world to more me keeps month, coming the each Church. Era, The Improvement class studying Articles the been Faith. had of Upon THE to in the of progress the touch with Gospel and helps me me little girl returning one heard to home say: "Mother, was

to in speak. narrow, the straight stay so and in believe do say being chased elephant?"we why an by we

Sincerely, (Chaste, benevolent.)

Floyd Hogan, H.—Submitted by D. S. H., Salt Lake City.

F. C. 3/c, U. S. N.

GRIEF CAUSE THE OF Massachusetts. Cambridge,

lady, matrimonial whose to burdens well were known England Mission, ONE New little the town, to found uncontrollably was be weeping 7 Avenue, Concord unreasonably long for an time after learning of the death of 7, 1938. September

President Wilford friends Woodruff. remonstrated When Editors: Dear

that she never had Brother personally known Woodruff and in tributes to will send Harrison R. many Undoubtedly seen a had times only him few should and not so be demonis Merrill. verse attempt a very poor This comwhen strably griefstricken his retorted death, over she brokenly: to writings, inspired write to his has but one pared no me the "All die; men, old can good live."but man, can he my I felt tribute, last he. that I should a than say somemore As Ellen by Arizona. Day,—Submittedthey Mesa, files it this. short in as as Keep your message a thing—even

or do whatever you care with it. But let history record that DON'T SHOOT

friend. I tried to write a tribute to my little

Friend Our H. R. Andadvicenow thatfor thethe hunters:hunting season has opened, we have a

With majesty of heart and mind, If it stands on its hind legs and wears glasses and an old hat,

Pushed high above the mists, it is not a squirrel.

Above the plain of ordinary kind, On the other hand, if it doesn't wear a vest, necktie, a mous-

A mountain of strength, our friend! tache or a hat, it is probably a cow.

Very sincerely yours, If it has on a red shirt and carries a gun, it couldn't possibly

Carl F. Eyring, be a pheasant, a sage hen, or a deer.

Mission President. Don't shoot!!

;KSL BROADCASTS

STORY OF SPEED TO THE WORLD Exclusively for the fourth consecutive year, KSL is the world's radio outlet for broadcast of the thrilling speed tests made on the Bonneville Salt Flats in

Western Utah.

Captain George Eyston's origina worldrecord run of 345 miles per hour was broadcast through KSL to the

Columbia network, the Canadian Radio

Commission and the British Broadcast

Corporation. Network and internationa

coverage was followed through the alert technical and announcing preparation of Salt Lake City's 50,000 watt station.

An outstanding scoop on the world's

Number One Sports events, these broadcasts are another KSL "exclusive"service to its listeners and to the millions of radio followers across the face of the earth.

Glimpsed at the Bonneville Salt Flats.

Above, Captain Eyston's Thunderbolt at top speed. Below, John Cobb's "Railton"nearing the 350 mile per hour mark. Right,

above, Captain Eyston talks to the KSLCBS-

BBC audience with Governor Henry H. Blood

an interested spectator. Right, below, John

Cobb has Gus Backman, secretary of the

Bonneville Racing Association, as an audience for his KSL broadcast. Inset,

right, Ab Jenkins, due shortly to set new r records "on the salt."

:.;::: v-;-,;;:;|B|B[BMBjM||||| '

:;:!i!Sl!:!-ll

It, Mff&

I

HAPPY FAMILY

LIFE AND SECURITY OF THE HOME

Home Office—Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant, president