/ImprouementlEra

s

J,p

*%/.5ili*!"

of SERVICE SYMBOL

In 1921 Radio Station KSL began in his radio. Expert planning of probroadcasting. A few scattered listengrams, careful production of every moers with crystal sets listened. First as ment of radio time makes possible a

KZN, then as KFPT, finally as KSL the presentation designed to serve the lislistening audience grew. tening preferences of KSL's entire lisToday KSL's 50,000watt signal is tening audience.

heard literally around the world. During 1941, as for every year, KSL

In these twenty years, KSL has kept dedicates its broadcasting schedule to pace with the demands of its listeners. those who listen—a service which

Today, the call letters "KSL"are a symmakes the call letters "KSL"first stop bol of service to everyone who tunes on listening dials everywhere.

50,000 Watts 1130 Kilocycles.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

ANCIENT AMERICA IN THE LIGHT OF RECENT FINDINGS

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Dr.scholarsS. G. Morley) in recent(deanwritingsof Mayanstates

that about one hundred fifty glyphs deciphered. been haveMayan MMMM&&M

primarily deal the calendar [la withThey and astronomy. There remain approximately three hundred undeciphered

glyphs. To quote Dr. Morley:

Whatever their significance may be, it is the same everywhere; that is to say, they

must treat of matters common to all, such Be sure to get complete protection as generally accepted astronomy and the common religious philosophy arising therefrom, and not of purely local matters. for your car's costly engine parts when you change

Throughout the Maya area, the unde-:*

ciphered glyphs deal with an extremely *:'

limited subject matter and are essentially—You need a fastflowing, winter

homogeneous.

anthropological Recent research regrade oil that's tough J8/ enough to stand upveals everincreasing of culevidence tural and material exchange in Indian C.p-;.

America. Middle American design under terrific engine heat, yet protects even in zero

motifs (such as death symbols, feathetc. serpents,ered in southeastern States United ) (Alabamaappear and Mis- m weather. YlCO wintergrade motor oil gives mr:.mmsissippi ); gold ornaments from Colombia appear in Chichen Itza, Yucatan; you just that kind of protection.

goldwork from Peru has been foundin Guatemala and southern Mexico;?:'-;ww

ball courts, similar to those in Central Drive in at the sign of service.

America, appear in Arizona. 3 J

This sketch is of a Mayan inscriptionshowing a series of deciphered glyphs. nm 1Deciphered, they recorded a date 'mW&W wgim-

1,411,200 days after a starting date 4 MOTOR OIL

PEP88 GASOLINE

jQ iADJLUL, JiJlUlItJCL&L. and loved ones away from homeThere is no better way of keeping them close to home and church ties.

Send the ERA Built to Last!

All Hardwood

Durable Brown Walnut Finish Ahau 8 Cumhu (3113 B. C). The date 10Inch 12InchHeightsand 14Inch

recorded on this inscription is 751 A. D.

( Goodman - Thompson correlation ) UtahIdaho School Supply Co.

The decipherable part of Mayan recordings consists mainly of similar or 155 So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

related glyphs.

(Do QJdjjl JOwjv-/MmprooementEra With what subjects the deciphered "The Glory of God is Intelligence'Mayan glyphs chiefly deal? 1

Grant, State in J. Heber Building sways a 4 wind?—1941JANUARY, How far New York City's Empire Widtsoe, A. John is tenth that tenth when much R 1 VOLUME 44 NUMBE Editors How is owed when much how you—anda L. Evans, Richard it? 9 you owe

Editor Managing THE UTHE VOICE CHURCH"OF basic constitute laws Three which Josephson, C. Marba

life? wellsprings the 10 of PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Editor Associate

ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL girl, to a strangers a boy and How Morris, General George Mgr. Q. MUSIC COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, OF WARD MENT Cannon, Associate Lucy Mgr, G. other, each at the found romance THE AGENCIES OF TEACHERS, CHURCH AND OTHER

Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. crossroads SAINTS. of a LATTERDAY western OF CHRIST remote OF JESUS

valley? 10 For how many years Andrew Jenson has faithfully 12 kept a diary?

"easy terms"led one young JobliL #(L ConhwiA. What

man to discover—sooner than heJhsL diitfbL (poqsL expected? 13

Settlement Heber J. Grant 9 Why Porter Rockwell wore his hair

long? 14 Whether "collectomania"is a disease

Greetings of the First Presidency...-- 8 Howor toa tonic?defend the habit of going to 16

Wellsprings of Life Melvin J. Ballard 10 church? 18

Andrew Jenson - Albert L. Zobell, Jr* 12 What a character inventory might

Concerning Marriage.- J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 19 prompt you to put up for "sale"? 19

Chemical Aspects of the Word of Wisdom M. J. Miles 26 Where Mormon colonists were reThe "Before and After"of Church Beautification 28 peatedly flooded out in their effort

to found a settlement?, 20 Evidences and What is the MeanReconciliations—XXXIIL

further evidences of the Where Title, ing of the "Prophet, Seer, and Revelator"?

John A. Widtsoe 33 grandeurbeing uncovered?of ancient America are 22

44 Genealogy Joseph J. I Go to Church, Why story of The who always the woman

Tolerance, 44 18 George A. Baker Anderson tithing crop stolen? her 23 had

45 Leadership, Fred Music Wholehearted

Oliver 18 Mutual Messages: Executives, How, chemically speaking, alcohol

Line Upon Line, Earl Lyman ColNew Year's Greeting, 46 scars the nervous system? 26

lins 22 Special Interest 47 What Cache Stake has done in the

Ledgers, James P. Sharp 23 M MenGleaners 47 Church beautification program? 28

Word of Wisdom Review Explorers 48 Who has been appointed Church 26, 38, 42 Juniors 48 secretary for finance? 30

Church Moves On 30 Scouts 48 The particular significance of the

Priesthood: Melchizedek 38 BeeHive Girls 50 title "Prophet, Seer, and ReveAaronic 42 Field Photos 46, 47, 49, 50 lator"? 33

the Warning, Weston Ward Teaching 43 Heeding to ink remove from cloth with51 How N. Nordgren leaving out a stain? 36

SfixiciaL suduMA, What the Panguitch Stake Third

Easy Terms Ira J. Markham 13 Quorum of Elders has accomplished recently? 39 Orrin Porter Rockwell—Chapters III, IV -Nicholas Van Alfen 14

Hobbies E. J. Sorensen 16 How a woman's forgetfulness led to

Five Years on the San Juan William Mulder 20 a rich genealogical treasure? 44

Ancient America, Charles E. On the Book Rack 35 What pioneer musician, still living,

Dibble - 1 Homing: What Are Your has been content to serve at

... 51 Exploring the Universe, Franklin Words Worth? M. G Addihome"?

S. Harris, Jr 4 son - 36

Telefacts 4, 5 Handy Hints 36 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Inventory, Grace Yoneko OkiCooks'Corner, Barbara Badger OFFICES:

moto—1 Burnett 36 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Inc., 1941. a by Funds, CorMutual to Advertisers Looking AmerIndex Back at Ancient

Mutual Improvethe Young Men's of William ica, William and Dewey the Christ Church Jesus C. Clive, Harold- H. 37 Copyrightporationment Association of of

Farnsworth 22 Jenson 5 of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. SubIf, Jack Sears 23 Your Page and Ours 64 singlescriptioncopy.price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

dijt&ucd&. Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Escape Richard L. Evans 32 mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917,

This Day Marba C. Josephson 32 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

tributions. manuscripts All accompanied must beSioiieA., (paribus, Qjwmw&uL (Pu%$Isl for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes confor delivery postage by sufficient and

Orrin Porter Rockwell—Chapters III, IV. The True Story of return.

a Man Nicholas Van Alfen 14 NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

Sweet and Sophisticated John Sherman Walker 24 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Frontispiece: The Designer, EdThe Gleaner's New Year, Linnie Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Dustin 50 7 na S. F. Robinson

Puzzle Scriptural Poetry Crossword 29 Page 62 MEMBER OFCIRCULATIONSTHE AUDIT BUREAU OF Brown..63 Metamorphosis, Hugh B.

fovstiuJPul A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY* I 'his is offered as a symbol of the New Year, with old trails left behind, and new trails, * yet to be made into places not yet traversed. The photograph is by Ray Atkeson. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

M—A Safeway,**m ReporterFarmers*".<

., s,ood, on Clarence fgvSW,

could see uic SOuth. Rimmea "'. r tu e Great

Celery looks like a good cash crop saysDurrantClarenceof Utah

ail 1'cBjrs

r can irrigate often.?w | asked

x93

Several artesian wells make irrigation water plentiful on the Durrant place. 40 acres are in grain, 50 acres in alfalfa

family keeps The about 25 milking cows. cel=,v fallow. "The V"<'big

gives milk check us our living seldom expenses,"said Mr. Durtoe TlL.-Got a g seed and hay, 25 acres in alfalfa for hay only, and some marketm. kforAete,

rant. heB alfalfa seed "The pays running costs the on farm "*"'"Mrt'tas"("JSSn. SoSo wAeryBtoutan taeS, shipments any and with left over buy piece of equipment. we a new m other areas.

Once we really get our celery underway it should give us a little for the proverbial rainy day. I've got to do well

with just recently they made me president of celery—Celery the Utah Cooperative Association"

Dastrup O. is manager of acre. But it D. olained. "Planting fof-, the store Safeway in Provo

where the Durrants trade.

"With seven young children we naturally have to get the for most our you trade money—at Safeway,"bet we

Mr. Durrant told me

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941 fcxpdouru thsL IAjuvsmsl

By Franklin S. Hards, Jr. tacked, the crab wards off its enemy

with the stinging tentacles of the ane-

A football helmet with a molded mones, and when the polyps of the plastic shell and lined with padding anemones capture food, the crab takes is a new application of plastics. the morsel from their grasp and trans-

4 fers it to its own mouth. SOAP PAR

Contains "Pyro"*"P)ew,in sunshine,rather thanseemsthe ultravioletto be the mostrays rT fHE headache which coffeedrinkers

It's hard to believe, perhaps, that a soap important factor in the failure and dedevelop when deprived of their that's so rough on dirt could be so gentle terioration of automobile paint. By putmorning cup of coffee is apparently

with clothes... even the most delicate ting their cars in garages at night autocaused by the sudden stoppage of the

of fabrics. But it's true of PAR! Par also mobile owners can prevent dew from regular supply of caffeine, scientists at

falling in the of Florida University Tests the school body. on of Chicago to insure free "Pyro"contains rinsing and

daily found. medicine dose the found exposure from midnight If a have

ring. washtub andprevent scum finish five until of caffeine equivalent the to to than from noon harder on was

from noon to midnight, suggesting that ten cups of coffee was given instead of dew followed by sunshine was the caffeinecontaining beverages there cause. Rain did not have the same were no headaches until the dose was

effect as dew. stopped. The resulting headache was

accompanied by "mental depression,

As many as a hundred million dirt drowsiness, and yawning, with the sub- "particles have been found in a ject complaining of a disinclination to single cubic foot of air in a particularly work."

dirty city. SOAP PAR appetite have a big

x for sweets. been Contains have They Glycerine >T-Jow much does New York City's xffuMMiNGBiRDS

of teaspoonfuls to eat known two A in Building State a Empire move hands, easy your even on be wouldPAR daily, their third sugar of a about own fiveduring Frankland, F. a H. wind? this glycerine. "handlotion Butwithout in sugar. weight migration long On test, in eighty that a of year found wind it to kinderingredient"even makes flights their travel birds to these time building miles the temhour an took a

skin. at So your tendersmooth, get PAR the the use of blossoming of make lean threeof porary about and two

their that food. flowers supplygrocer's. They inches, at quarters then swayed, and

large sip nectar only eat quannot but rate eight of times minute, the almost a tities insects. of

side arc. eightinch through an one On -

threethe building to one swayed and capacity of brakes combined on HThe inches, the quarters upwind, and on fifteen train to is often * a railroad six threequarters other side inches and times the tractive of the twenty power vertical, from downwind. locomotive. 4

C eals can stay under water for twelve HPo aid in the quality production in a V to fifteen minutes. * steel mill, a photoelectric holede-

tector spots holes as small as one7V coralhaunting crab from Maurihundredth of an inch in a steel sheet ** tius Island in the Indian Ocean moving as fast as one thousand feet

If invariably anemones, grasps minute. one the detector finds a per two

IN for uses hole, in each claw, them both the sheet and is automatically marked atalongside the hole. 2 defense and for feeding. When

SIZES

Regular"and "Giant"TELEFACT IN LOS ANGELES WEATHER CONDITIONS AND ACCIDENTS, 1939(U. S. A.)

1IXANDWA Hotel SNOW 5th at Spring CLEAR RAIN & FOG

Tariff from S2. 50

Recognized Utah Headquarters in

Los Angeles CLAYTON V. SMITH, Managing Director

Formerly of Salt Lake City m >q< >n< >n< in i >n < >n< >n< >o< ]

JiJibundA,Jjo yauUL and loved ones away from home 25,180 ACCIDENTS 2,850 1,020

Send the ERA There is no better way of keeping them close to home and church ties. Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 8-28]

z=r>o<rz3o< >o=>o<:o<

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Exploring the Universe

is ceiling insulation effectiveT Tow in TELEFACT * heat through out A keeping summer a flat roof? The Bureau of Standards AVERAGE COST OF HEALTH CARE

found that ceiling temperatures with inAVERAGE WAGE EARNER SPENDS $59 PER YEAR sulation above the ceiling were as much as sixteen degrees Fahrenheit lower than that of uninsulated ceilings. With

only an attic floor for insulation, ceiling temperatures were about ten de- ###*##$### grees lower than on the wholly uninsulated ceiling.> \f%&

HpHERE are over a thousand wells

FAMILY HOSPITAL EYE GLASSES MEDICINE DENTAL &A drilled in the United each month EXPENSES ACCIDENT SERVICE $11 HEALTH $13 & DRUGS $10 DOCTOR in seekingStates runs depth oil. The $6 ETC. INSURANCE, $19

from a few hundred feet to over two miles. The cost may be as much as a

quarter of a million dollars for one well.

Science Servicehctog*aph corporation 11-9

About one third the men examined * first for service in the World War and H. Dr. W. J. Robbins found that co smokers than nonsmokers under for unfit physically military duty.were

4 tomato roots placed in water containfifty years old, a group of Mayo Clinic ing pure white sugar and some salts doctors have discovered. The study

HPhe U. S. Department of Agriculture grew, but not very well. With brown was made of several thousand smokers,

reports that both the Egyptians instead of white sugar, the roots grew nonsmokers, and patients with and and the Chinese knew how to hatch rapidly, sometimes at the rate of alwithout heart disease. It was found,

chicks artificially over two thousand most an inch in a day, reaching in time for example, that among the heart disyears ago by using crude equipment and total lengths of several feet. ease patients between the ages of forty

laborious methods. and fortynine, eighty per cent were

4 smokers contrasted with sixty per cent "Drown sugar has been found to be eart disease has been found to ocsmokers of the group who had no heart rich in the growth vitamins B-6 H cur more frequently among tobacdisease.

WITH LUCK FUTURE YOU* START Start your car with

i > %::::o:::S;;y:v:''S::S:-': -: -'S80/V2ZZGASOLINE

TRUE GENUINEBUILT fij, AIM FarmCI"

h GerioiflS FA >?/1,

ana ch r Power

McCORMICKDEERING

TERN/VT*

FARMALL-M SPRING work seems a long way off sleek, streamlined beauties offer you a right now. But we must remember choice ofgenuine Farmall power—they

that much of next year's success will be bring you the perfect balance ofpower, assured by wise decisions made in the equipment, and acreage.

very nearfuture! Farmalls have been hard to get all

Take your own case, for example. year. Give thought to your Spring

Are you equipped to get the most out needs. Play safe—order your new

ofyour acres, for your own benefit and Farmall now, for delivery when you for the good of your family? Or do you need it. The International Harvester

need a new allpurpose tractor, a new dealer will explain the advantages of farm machine or two? "LiftAll"and "CultiVision,"and he

For more than 1 7 years, farming sucwill demonstrate on request.

cess has been closely linked to the INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

FarmallSystem ofFarming. Today, four 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

! HighClearance NEWN.ah V for

<-.0*<"FARtf andand VegetaWes

FARMALL A Bedded Crops.

McCORMICK- 1 DEERING V yyyy.y'y,

mHNHIin.... j | |:

Photograph by Gerald Barton, Ptovo, Utah.

JfUL 'J'he Wind's crystal needles are rhythmically knitting,

Knitting and purling angora snow DESIGNER

Into lacy medallion snowflakes;

He's chaining together row after row.

'J'HE Wind's crystal needles are rhythmically knitting,

Knitted and purled with white snow thread

A circular skirt and a hugme-tight sweater,

And slipped them over earth's brown tousled head.

By EDNA S. DUSTIN

GREETINGS OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE

...Theis messageproclaimedof Peaceby the andGospelBrotherlyof JesusKindnessChrist. lightstrivewhichwith man,he hassaithreceived;the Lordforof myHosts.Spirit shall not always

all will that persons, of respecter and "For no men am taught it in person to His Jesus... disciples of shall speedily the that peace cometb when day knowI

repeats Restored. in the Gospel it todayold, and shall devil shall the earth, the have taken be from and power

Yet this Christmastide, in which Christian peoover his own dominion."

ples celebrate the birth of the Prince of Peace, finds bitterness and strife rampant in many parts of the The deplorable conditions in the world today are world. All Europe is being strangled by war, and the direct result of failure of the children of men to

armies are now moving eastward presaging bloodkeep the commandments of the Lord. As long as

shed again in the Holy Land, where the Armathe world continues to ignore these commandments, geddon of prophecy is to be fought. so long will turmoil, strife, and misery prevail.

How glorious it would be if in men's lives there Men and women in a warstricken world are crymight exist conditions of contentment and peace ing for the cessation of destruction and bloodshed, if there were an eradication from men's hearts of and for the establishment of peace. In the natural

enmity and jealousy, avarice and greed, strife and course of events some day the present war will end, contention. But such is not the case. The daily as did the first World War, but there will be no

press and radio bring news of war and its lasting peace until it is built upon the foundation of horrors, of strikes, of thefts, of political corruption, Faith in God, and upon adherence to the principles of family strifes, of murders. At a time when Naof the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Peter proclaimed not

ture would proclaim the existence, handiwork, and an idle statement, but a glorious truth, when he said glory of God, men in their blindness and selfishwith reference to his Master: "There is none other

ness choose to grovel in sin and misery of their name under heaven given among men, whereby we own making. must be saved."

When Jesus was born, His coming was heralded No person, no nation, can enjoy perfect contentby heavenly voices singing, "Glory to God in the ment and peace without following the footsteps of highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."Him who said, "I am the light of the world; he

that followeth not walk in darkness, but me shall stiffnecked then and sinful as now; But man was

shall of life."have the light thirtythreeconsequently, after about years His

coming, and after a relatively short, intensive pleadAs of old, so today, the Lord offers to mankind ing for those among whom He labored to turn the Way to Peace in simple language as follows:

from the broad way of Error into the pathway of "I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you....

Light, Jesus stood on the Mount of Olives, and Because I live, ye shall live also.... He that hath my

looking over the city He loved, cried: commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me:

and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, love him, and will manifest myself to him."

and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would "Learn of me, and listen to my words; walk in the meekness

I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathof my Spirit, and you shall have peace in me."

ereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

Behold, your house is left unto you desolate."To members of the Church in America, and in all

other countries of the world, we send greetings and

Today, nineteen hundred years later, as Christ's prayerful wishes that faith, kindness, and charity professed followers celebrate the anniversary of toward all men may ever abide in your hearts, and

His.birth, what sorrowful sights His eyes behold! that people everywhere will have a desire to turn

The bounties of a productive earth He sees wanfrom Error to Truth, thereby hastening the day tonly wasted while millions of His children starve. when the Christ's message, "Peace on earth, and

Surely, in the midst of such world confusion, human good will toward men,"will become a reality.

suffering, carnage, and death, we can hear Him cry once again:

O Nations, Nations, thou that killest one another and rejecteth the Words of Peace, behold your house is left unto you desolate, for, "I the Lord cannot look upon sin with the least degree of allowance;

"Nevertheless, he that repents and does the commandments of the Lord shall be forgiven;

"And he that repents not, from him shall be taken even the The First Presidency.

7h Ed ilorsTaqe

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

I"HAVE FOUND A GREAT MANY PEOPLE WHO DO NOT KNOW WHAT

THEIR TITHING IS. I BELIEVE IF I WERE IN PARTNERSHIP WITH

THEM AND THEY HAD A TENTH INTEREST IN THAT PARTNERSHIP,

THEY WOULD KNOW PRETTY WELL WHAT PART THEIR TENTH WAS.

heard a very splendid illustration given by a our account once a month; we are trusted by the

Sunday School teacher of the Primary class. Lord; we are agents; we have our free will; and

I She brought to her school ten beautiful red when the battle of life is over, we have had the apples. She explained that everything we have ability and the power and the capacity to have done

in the world came to us from the Lord, and she those things which the Lord required us to do and said, "Now, children, if I give one of you these we cannot blame anybody else.

ten apples, will you give me one back again? Now, There are a great many people who say, "I do

any one of you children that will do that, hold not pay my tithing because I do not think it is up your hand."And of course they all held up expended right; I do not like the way the Church

their hands. Then she said, "That is what the Lord handles the tithing; I do not think they use the

does for us. He gives us the ten apples, but He proper wisdom in the expenditure of the tithing."

requests that we return one to Him to show our Well, you know that if someone steals a calf, appreciation of that gift."the Lord will never charge it up to my account, and

The great trouble with the majority of people is He will never charge it up to yours. If the Authorthat when they get the ten apples, they eat up ities of the Church and the wards and stakes do

nine of them and then they cut the other in two not make a proper use of the tithing, you will never and give the Lord half of what is left. Some of have to account for it, but if you keep that which

them cut the apple in two and eat up onehalf of it belongs to the Lord, you may read from one of the and then hold up the other half and ask the Lord to ancient prophets and find that the Lord says, "You take a bite. That is about as near as they see fit have robbed me,"in plain English. "Wherein have

to share properly and show their gratitude to the we robbed you?""In your tithes and your offerLord. ings."That is the way it was laid down. The

it come easy. it plain enough that a wayfaring man, though a—whenThe paymentwe get ofourourincome—makestithing in the season thereof Lord, as a rule, in nearly everything He says, says

I find that those who pay tithing every month have fool, need not err therein.

very much less difficulty in paying it than those I have found a great many people who do not who postpone payment to the end of the year, know what their tithing is. I have never met people

when they have eaten the nine apples, so to speak; of that kind but what I believe if I were in partbut if they pay the minute they get the apples in nership with them and they had a tenth interest in

their possession, there is no hardship; their hearts that partnership, they would know pretty well what

are full of gratitude, and they are willing to express part their tenth was. I do not think they would

their gratitude; but after the nine apples are eaten, have any difficulty whatever in finding how much

they think the Lord is very hard to want all they I owed them. So, I am inclined to think that if we

have left. wanted to, we would have no difficulty in finding

One great trouble with tithing is that men, beout what is onetenth of our income, and that is cause of their natural selfishness, become blinded what we owe to the Lord—no difficulty whatever.

and they cannot see straight; they cannot calculate Now, I believe that people are blessed in proproperly. If we can only have the proper vision, portion to their liberality. I am not saying that

the more we make, the easier it is to pay our tithing they always make more dollars, perhaps, than the because of the greater amount that is left. other man, but so far as an increase in the faith and

Now, I can talk tithing, because from the time in the testimony and the knowledge of the divinity

I was a little boy earning money, I have paid my of the work in which we are engaged, men that are tithing. I have been honest with the Lord and I honest with the Lord in the payment of their tithing

am not asking other people to do what I am not grow as men never grow that are not honest; there

—thatwilling is,to doto andbe honesthave donewithallthetheLorddaysfirst.of myThelife isfoolishno questionenough into mybelievemind.thatMoreover,the Lord Imagnifiesam just

Lord, you know, does not send collectors around those who do pay their tithing and that they are once a month to collect bills; He does not send us more prosperous, on the (Concluded on page 56)

WELLSPRINGS

LIFE

Chi. Gpp&aL IoJ/wajl

StfklL $>ah. muL Opart*

By the late ELDER MELVIN J. BALLARD

Of the Council of the Twelve

is well that we pause to ask: ages—to give that glorious spirit its eration of the lawITWhy? Why am I here? What opportunity to be united with the craving for the thingsof thatappetite,satisfya

was the purpose of life in sending flesh, with mortality, to constitute the physical body. But we must

me into this world, with all of its a complete soul, to qualify that soul guard that appetite, to see that it does problems and difficulties, with its ultimately, in the resurrection from not run rampant and indulge itself in mortality, with its death and sufferthe dead. the things that would destroy the

ing? Why all of these? Without earth life there would body, because the Almighty placed

I am going to read from the be no immortal body for any of us. appetite for things to eat and to

Book of Abraham, what the Lord But the union of the spirit and matdrink that we might build up a

Himself said to our ancient patriter qualifies us to reach all heights strong, vigorous, healthy body. To

arch and forefather: that are spiritual, all things that are argue that the proper thing is to

material, the fulness of the kingdom satisfy appetite, and to eat and

We will go down, for there is space of the Father. drink the things that poison and dethere, will materials, of these take and we

will earth and whereon an make we these The second great purpose of life willstroybringthe body,death andis alldestruction.wrong, and

may dwell; And we will prove them herewas to give us a chance to learn

with, to see if they will do all things whathow to live in the presence of God, that the sure of their shall the Wissoever Lord Word T am command God in to train us a course of human... their secthey them; keep And who that the revealed has Lord dom that to qualify conduct us would their [or earth] shall estate glory ond have

is in the old as as our Gospel age It enter presence. holy their His forever ever. added was heads upon and

(Pearl of Great Price, Abraham 3:2426.) pleasing in the sight of our Father itself. It was given to Adam in the

it that that we should live and cling to life. beginning. We have bits of

I am sure that it was not the There is in operation a law acstill survive in the scripture, where thought of our Heavenly Father countable for more, perhaps, of huthe Lord pointed out that while He that He would issue certain manman action than any other law, the had given man strong appetite, He dates to us just to see us in action, law of selfpreservation, by which desired that man should master his to discover whether or not we we love life; we cling to it, even appetite and control it, for the purshould be competent. I am sure that when old age and decrepitude are pose of building a strong, healthy,

every requirement that He has upon us. There are some who devigorous physical body.

made was essential to prepare us to stroy their lives, but that is not the Third: In the operation of laws

come into His presence; that the normal action or result of human that account for human action is

rules that have existed from eterthought and conduct. We love life. that tremendous power and force

nity shall also be the same rules It was the Lord's design, therefore, called sex desire; but, like the apthat shall govern men to the ends that we should cling to life and prepetite, sex desire was not planted

of time, who aspire to come into the serve ourselves against accident, in men and in women that it might presence of God. against harm and loss of life, for run rampant and gratify itself

The first great purpose the Lord life is precious. It gives us opporwherever and whensoever desire

had in giving us earth life was to tunity to gain experience and learn prompted, but that, like appetite, it effect a union of the spirit, the imhow to live. too must be controlled.

mortal spirit of man, that had lived Standing next to the law of selfIf God had not placed this strong with God in the eternal world for preservation is what we call the opdesire for food in each of us we

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

would perish for lack of sustenance. the girl that is modest in speech, is

in not placed the humanIf God had desire, that strongnature sex the Herelate is Elderone ofMelvinthe messagesJ. Ballardthe tion,modestshallin dress,be protectedand modestagainstin acin-

great purpose of life would fail, for gave to the young people of the sult, save it be she fall a victim of it was His design and purpose that Church some months before his passsome madman. But let her either

in dress or in action,we should reproduce ourselves, for ing.loved Becauseof them,he welovedgivethem,it hereand wasthe be immodest

the first great command God gave voice of print, that it may call Zion's she shall invite pursuit, and be exto man was to multiply and replenyouth to walk in those ways which ceedingly fortunate if she shall esish the earth. He therefore gave lead upward and onward.

the man to the woman, made them cape.We appeal to you, therefore,

one in a bond that knew no death, young men and young women, with and advised them to cleave unto of the wife of one mighty in the these mighty powers in your hands, each other and keep themselves government, who offers him high to preserve them, clean and unsulfrom all others. That was the conplace and her favor, if he would lied and uncontaminated, for the

trol this Alfor the highest of which purpose power after reholy her. with sin with he day Day

is you. what haswhich mighty endowed endowed the human And God sists her, pasthen in her and mad

body, the power to reproduce oursion, one day she seizes him to drag that? To produce here a generaselves.

I should like my dear young himfromtoher,his ruin,leavingwhenhishecloaktearsinawayher tionwhichof themen worldand women,has neverthe likeseen!of

brethren to have the vision of our possession. Rejected and despised, That is why you have been brought

future, with its opportunities and she now turns against him and acfrom the ends of the earth.

possibilities that the Lord has given cuses him of having assaulted her, You remember the story of us, and that your brethren who love and the evidence of defending herAbraham having a son, Isaac, and you have taught, in a world that is self is that she had torn the cloak when he came to the age that he dequestioning these sacred standards from him. sired a wife, it was no matter of

established by the Almighty in the But there is something in virtue going out and haphazardly choosvery beginning of the race. We and in purity, that it is not only its ing, but Abraham sent a very wise

challenge you to adhere to these own reward, but its own defense. man to a distant country, among his

sacred, holy principles, if you While it is true that under the false own people, to seek out and find a

I have sometimeswould come unto the presence of accusation the boy went to prison, suitable companion.

your Father, for only the pure in he nevertheless was brought out in wished young folk would allow heart shall see God. honor and glory, to a place high in it today. I am sure your fathers

In an age, I say, that looks with the kingdom, because he was pure. and mothers would be better pickers

complacency upon the violation of All the world may condemn you than some of you are. But you won't

this great commandment of the Aland lie about you, but they cannot stand for it, and so we shall have to mighty, having endowed man with defeat you if you know in your own do the next best. We cannot pick the

these powers, He charged him, heart you are clean and you are individual for you, but we will try nevertheless, not to commit adulpure. You can look even God in to select the group, and keep the

tery, and Jesus said to those of His the face. I ask you to remember wolves out and introduce you to

own time: "He that looketh upon a that, for whatever the temptation the flock, with the hope that you

woman to lust after her, hath almay be, you are a son of that Joswill find the right one.

in his adultery ready committed if eph, expect or hope and you tell to story, going a true you to I"am if heart."heart must pure be The his blessings, inheritor of such an be

it is the of story your because also pure. the action be would that blessings superior brought

I want young men, whatever the upon him the envy and the jealousy fathers and mothers, just a little temptation may be, to remember of his brethren, you must be like different.

who they are. Sons of Joseph, read him, strong men, clean men, and There came to Utah in the fall of

his story again, the story of the boy pure men, that would rather die 1859, a Scotch family with father sold into Egypt and ordered away than to be defiled. and mother and several children,

from his family and friends. There You women, you girls, I appeal the eldest a girl thirteen and a half

is a temptation. Nobody to watch to you that you shall adhere to the years of age. She had walked

him now; may he not yield to his high teachings and moral practices across the plains. They came down

inclination? natural has No. of your mothers, and principles He who Weber Canyon(Continuedand wereon directedpage 60) received virtue not a training he precious igregarded must as more

nore though it cost him the favor than life itself. I promise you that Photo by Paul S. Bieler.

ANDREW JENSON

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

ANDREW JENSON AT THE AGE OF NINETY. A TRIBUTE TO AN IMMIGRANT BOY WHO BECAME AN AMBASSADOR

OF TRUTH, AND HAS LIVED TO ENJOY THE BLESSINGS OF NINETY

YEARS'SERVICE.

is the story of an immiHEREgrant youth west came who by ox team, worked as a farm hand and fisherman, used a shovel to bring the railroads west, labored few events in Church history that hein the early copper mines at Bingham, has lived to retrace his original cannot cite from memory.

ox train route by airplane, and who Records show that The Improvenow, past his ninetieth year, works ment Era has published twentytwo daily at his desk in the Church Hisarticles by Andrew Jenson during torian's Office. its fortythree years of publication.

Andrew Jenson was born at He has done much to make the

Torslev, Hjorring Amt (County), Church Historian's Office, with its

Denmark, December 11, 1850. His library, the serviceable instrument it

parents, Christian and Kiersten Anis today. He has compiled and

dersen Jenson, who joined the edited about eight hundred and fifty

Church when he was four years old, manuscript volumes of Church hiswere among the first Mormon contory, covering the years 1830 to verts in Denmark. By the time he 1900, and histories of stakes, wards,

came to Utah in 1866, the natural and conferences from the beginning historian in him was beginning to down to 1930. A further monument

make itself known. He started his to his researches took form a few

daily diary when he was thirteen years ago with the erection of a years old and is still faithful to it. private museum at the rear of his Salt

His first literary endeavor was the Lake home to house rare volumes translating of the "Life of Joseph ANDREW JENSON AT AGE TWENTYNINE, and pioneer relics collected by him.

Smith"into the DanishNorwegian COPENHAGEN, DENMARK, 1879. Today, Andrew Jenson, who has

tongue. This he published and known every President of the Church

sold as the work of translation proAndrew Jenson was sustained as except Joseph Smith, who has gressed, in tracts of sixteen pages Assistant Church Historian in April, preached the Gospel to commoners each. When the work was com1898, and here his "photographic (Concluded on page 52)

pleted these pamphlets had a trademind"found its rightful place. His

JENSON ANDREW DELIVERING inin value UTAH'S COVERED

TO REBILD exchange for a bound memory is remarkable—there are WAGON PARK, DENMARK, IN 1935.copy of the book.

To Andrew Jenson has come the honor of serving ten missions for his

Church, including the taking of a covered wagon from Utah, in 1935, to Rebild Park, Aalborg, Denmark, commemorating the first organized group of Danish immigrants to come to America. They were converts

of the Church, leaving their native land in 1853. On this trip he received an audience with King Christian X. He has traveled nearly a

million miles on Church business, encircling the globe twice.

For ten years he edited the Biku ben (Beehive), the newspaper in the DanishNorwegian language which the Church once published.

Easy TERMS By IRA J. MARKHAM

Weber College A SHORT SHORT STORY SHORTER THAN THE PRINCIPAL

CHARACTER EXPECTED IT TO BE.

February 10. everything. The loan is only 3%

The new radio set for the car per month interest and the principal works like a top. Can get stations payments are monthly. Had to get

as far away as Chicago. The first Uncle Tom to sign with me to get

payment was hardly anything. They the loan.

gave me six full months to pay.

July 18.

February 18. Somehow I don't miss the radio

A little late with car payments much. And you can get plenty of

this month. Will have to let the books from the library. Am trying

radio payment go over until next to arrange a character loan at the week as I bought a set of books and bank for $350. If I could only borpaid $10 down. Very fine books. row that much I would be in fine

Everyone should have this set. shape.

March 1. July 25.

says investigated they Bank and today. be married Lucky Am to

character. I have no a What fellow. envies me. Everybody A found fine job with prospects for the fubunch of crooks. Am trying to sell

ture, a new car, and the bestlooking the land.

girl in town for a wife. From a good September 30.

family, too. Wellrespected. The The garage man is holding the car

boss gave me a week off for a honeyfor a labor and repair bill. What

moon trip. right has he to hold the car—it

doesn't belong to me.

March 16. 18. October

all furniture our goodness Thank

It isn't use. let to the any I had

is bought. surprised to learn Was

I car go. rather would Anyway for get a little. can you much how

I the If have piece land. following of,he excerpts could said father has very a They good my raise only to diaryare from xthe the meet $30 payment of a young man credit in the standing community.

who believed all he heard over the The salesman was so nice. Boron the piano! Bought a secondradio and read in the newspaper rowed $50 from the boss to meet hand automobile today on the "payand magazine advertisements about the car payment and the weekly outof-income"basis.

buying things on "the easy payment payment on the ring. November 21.

plan."Income stopped. The creditors

January 1. April 17. just wouldn't wait any longer so

Began work at my new job today. Borrowed $100 from my insurance they garnisheed my wages. Our

Can hardly wait until pay day. Just policy to pay the $50 I borrowed company doesn't like an employee

think what I can do with $30 per from the boss and make the payment whose income is garnisheed. Uncle

week. on the furniture. The radio man Tom certainly raved when he had to

January 15. came to take the radio, but we put pay my loan of $250 at the finance

Bought a car. Very easy terms. out the lights and weren't home. company. Whoever thought he

Sure has power. Has two windThe chump hung around all evewould be like that? I used to be his

shield wipers and a heater. Not ning and we couldn't listen to the favorite nephew.

many young men in town have a car radio or read the books. December 15.

like mine. Should finish payments May 21. Lucy to have a new baby soon.

in 18 months. Borrowed $250 from the finance Am I proud. The doctor said he

February 2. company to meet the payments on would wait for his bill but I must

Became engaged last night. Think the ring and car and a little on the raise cash somewhere for the hosit was the new car that did the trick. furniture. Couldn't pay all the pital.

Lucy said she was proud of me. It furniture bill as I had to make a $50 January 15.

was a beautiful ring, and she liked down payment on a real estate deLost everything but wife and it. Payments will be small and velopment. This land ought to jump baby. Glad the baby didn't come

weekly. in value; then I can sell and pay off on the installment plan.

Ohhm, (pjotfeA. fljoduvelL

By NICHOLAS VAN ALFEN Ogden Seminary

Tt WAS on Christmas Day in the year 1843 that Porter wearily made his way to the home of his dear friend, the Prophet Joseph.

There were about fifty couples dining at the table of the Prophet that day. After dinner there were music

and dancing. During the evening

a man with long hair hanging over his shoulders and a beard hanging to his waistline came in and acted like a drunken Missourian. Joseph

asked the captain of the police to put the man out. A scuffle ensued

during which Joseph had an opportunity to look the man full in the

THE MANSION HOUSE, NAUVOO face. To his surprise and joy, he

Chapter III. discovered it to be his "warm and

truly persecuted friend,"Orrin evislightest the without months Rockwell. Porter

6, 1842, exGovernor May guilt. his fed on of first dence was that is the reference He can This Lilburn shot Boggs was W. In eat. that not It refuse hair. dogs to would Porter's long found beON sitting his in while alone

fire bedding, or without a is dungeon proverbial the pioneers among who in Missouri. Independence, Hisroom

if that emaciated Porter so friends, family, became his him, and knewlife in for the days, balance but hung it if his for innate not good been had that he promised Rockwell Josephhe finally following recovered. The physical health stamina he would faithful and to the Church remained and

acJuly, Boggs an affidavit made died. cut his have hair prodid be he not wouldcusing of Illinois of Porter Rockwell

all It bullets. at tected from is not that In time obvious it became crime.the

that the improbable ocit was upon being held for other Rockwell was

Governor Boggs had many politreasons. There was an attempt to casion of this reunion that this promical enemies. At the time of the atuse him as decoy for the capture of ise was made. That the promise

assassinationtempted actually he to is very difficult was made was a canthe Prophet day Sheriff Joseph. One

politics senator, Itdidate for in question. is established and both Porter with Reynolds approached

were agitated during the campaign the plan. Reynolds stated that he Mormon lore and vividly in Porter's

in a very vindictive spirit. had received letters from Nauvoo career as a peace officer later in Utah.

That the Missourians should suswhich satisfied them that Joseph There are many stories about Porpect the Mormons of this crime was had unlimited confidence in Rockter's experiences that I have on recinevitable: first, because Governor well. If Porter would take the sheriff ord. Many of these are as exciting

Boggs had proved himself to be one in a carriage or on horseback where as the most imaginative fiction.

of the greatest enemies of the the officers could apprehend Joseph Israel Bennion, resident of VerChurch and had been responsible for Smith, Porter could "name his pile."non, Utah, knew Porter Rockwell as

much of their suffering, financial loss, He could also have his choice of re- a neighboring rancher. He makes

and complete expulsion from the turning to Illinois or living in Misthe following comment:

state of Missouri; second, because souri. If Sheriff Reynolds expected There was something about Orrin Porter

of the existing prejudice, everyone results, he was certainly disappointRockwell that so unmanned his opponents was willing to believe almost anyed. Instead of answering with the outfacethat theyhim,wouldevennot,ifcouldit werenot, andpossibledid notto

thing about the Mormons and par- "kiss of a Judas"Porter said, "I will escape his lightning wit, eye, and hand.

ticularly when it looked suspicious, see you damned first, and then I Was it the word of the Prophet of the as in this case. won't."Lord that he should not be harmed?

However, the facts in the case are After nine months the prison doors Chapter IV. "They Have Killed

that there were absolutely no clues were opened to Porter Rockwell and the Only Friend I Ever Had."

strong enough to convict anyone, not he was told to sneak home by night even a hated Mormon. Yet Porter or be mobbed. He walked nearly all "Dorter Rockwell possessed an

was finally taken prisoner on the the way from Independence, Misundying devotion for the Prophet charge, and through demagoguery souri, to Nauvoo, Illinois. Once he Joseph. The Prophet in return held

and political corruption he lay in a narrowly escaped being taken by a Rockwell in high esteem. This

Missouri dungeon for over nine mob. friendship was solid because both

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Prophet and other Church leaders. large crowd had gathered. PresWhen Joseph made a trip to Washently a carriage was driven up rapington, D. C, to lay the grievances idly. The driver stepped down,

of the Church before the national opened the door, and a woman stepgovernment, Porter was one8 of the ped out. She was dressed in black few who accompanied him. silk, with a bonnet, and a veil coverOn June 10, 1844, the Nauvoo ing her face. She went through the

Expositor, a libelous sheet published crowd and up the stairway in the by antiMormons and apostates, was house. After a few minutes she redeclared a public nuisance by the turned and entered the carriage

city council and destroyed. Porter again, which was hurriedly driven

took part in this destruction, and away. It was soon circulated

through the stormy events that folthrough the crowd that the woman CARTHAGE JAIL lowed, he supported the Prophet. was Orrin P. Rockwell in disguise.

The traitors, Law, Marks, and HigThis was an easy matter for him bemen knew how to be true to a friend bee, found Rockwell on the alert to cause he was small in stature, wore even in the face of death. The sugprevent their evil designs. his hair long, and was of a rather

gestion to betray a friend was met One day a posse had been sent slender build and even of feature.

by Porter with: to arrest Rockwell and some of the In his journal, August, 1842, the

"I will see you damned first, and other brethren. Some of the posse Prophet Joseph recorded:

at having were Mansion the Nauvoo I then won't."

faithful is a of host There numerous their well meal. Others, noonday

souls to in record the said: wish Book Joseph And street outside on the and were the of of the Lord; time but and I Lawcould life is "If value of no my to my armed, It that sidewalk. they was known (Continued on page 59) it friends, to myself."is of none a for looking Rockwell, were and

find in these more commen We PHOTOGRAPH OF PAGE THE FIRST OF THE FIRST

Millennial Star. op. cit. Vol. 17, pp. 373; 550; 585. LIBELOUS "EXPOSITOR,"ISSUE OF THE NAUVOO other as with passed. time eachpany

To see the two ride out together1was a common occurrence. Although there is no direct evidence of

it, the common belief is that Porter was Joseph's bodyguard.

Across the street from the Mansion House, Joseph's home, there stood for a long time an unfinished building which was to have been

Porter's home. It was upon its foundation that a platform was laid and

from it Willard Richards, the only one to escape being wounded at

Carthage that fatal day of June 27, 1844, addressed the mourning people.

It was probably due to the death of the Prophet that this home remained uncompleted. This house

seems strangely comparable to Rockwell himself. They both remained

in their foundation stage, unfinished.

The death of Joseph undoubtedly had a profound effect on Rockwell's later life, not only the death itself, but the manner of it. One is almost

forced to believe that he nourished a growing hatred and revenge, not against society, but against the class of men that characterized outlawry.

He became a peril to them. We can

only imagine what might have been the future Rockwell if Joseph had been permitted to live. This growing hatred by Porter was further

kindled by his own treatment at the hands of mobocrats.

Porter Rockwell seems to have been more than a bodyguard. Frequent references are found of Rockwell's meeting in council with the

xThe Prophet had a farm out on the prairie which was the object of many of these rides.

*>**'& * *"Hobbies

MONTANA AGATE MOSS By E. J. SORENSEN THEMAKES UP INTO A VERY Inglewood Stake TIFUL RING. BEAUONE seems to know when

hobbies first came into vogueNo or which one was started first.

The last few years, with extra leisure Traveling grew into a hobby. It the coming forth of the Book of

time, have made it possible for more has led me into many European Mormon has done for so many peocities, to nearly every ple. How better could one bepeople to follow some hobby. We countries and

have seen hobbies multiply by leaps state in the Union, to Mexico, Canbrought to realize what Malachi and bounds. The definitions found in ada, Alaska, Hawaii, and all the nameant when he prophesied that

the various dictionaries differ, so let's tional parks and libraries and many Elijah would be sent to the earth to make one of our own. Let's call a other interesting places in our turn the hearts of the children to the

hobby doing the thing we would do blessed land. My hobby has made fathers and the hearts of the fathers

if time and means and ability would my dreams come true. to the children before the coming of

permit. It is something everyone Traveling is the foundation for Christ, than to stand at that same

should have if for no other reason many other hobbies such as collectaltar in the Kirtland Temple where than to keep out of mischief. ing things from other localities, writElijah appeared to Joseph Smith

With the development of hobbies ing descriptions of the trips (perand Oliver Cowdery? Travel over

have come into existence new words. haps in rhyme), taking pictures. the Mormon trail. History was

The tendency to collect things is Pictures make it possible for others made over every inch of that long, to enjoy the march. travel, trips with If you cannot you over and hard evidenced the byinstinctive—as over again. then read the descriptions given years Added by makethings them pockets in the that accumulate

of small boys and the dresser more and more precious. good writers who have been there.

drawers of small girls. One word If you have a desire to see It's the best substitute.

is "collectomania."It sounds like a the other side of the mountain, go To collect or not to collect is not

loathsome disease, but it really is not and see it; it will do you good. It the question so much as what to colso bad to be a collectomaniac. The will broaden anyone. I have failed lect. Here are a few things that sugailment is catching, however! to find a single person who is not gest themselves, but the list is almost

If you want to see a picture of more friendly to our people, the Latendless: Stamps, clocks, watches,

genuine contentment and complete terday Saints, after traveling bottles, jewelry, gems, minerals, Inrelaxation, just happen in some time through our valleys and visiting dian relics, antiques, paintings, phoon an enthusiastic collector (not a Temple Square. Set out to visit all tographs, first editions, signatures,

bill collector), who has just found the parks in the United States, or visguns, swords, famous letters and the object of a long search, or who it all the historic sites of the Church. documents, baskets, insects, books,

has found new beauty in an old Visit famous battlegrounds, or fahistories of the United States, and specimen. Then, if you would dismous fruitraising, cattleraising, or Latterday Saint Church publicacover the value of sentiment, ask flower seedgrowing sections. It's a tions.

sight to see a hundred acres of to his rare ofhim put a price on some Things to study: Operas, mastersweet peas or stalks of delphiniumsrarest are things numbers. There pieces of art music literature; and and full in bloom. seed cataloguethat No cannot buy. money history of the Church the and has yet been able to describe their life early a spent farm on was States My United state; and one's own beauty.

inalong the River northern Bear electricity, transportation, invenUtah. The railroad was some distions of various kinds.

tance from the farm but close enough yisiT Bunker Hill, or Georgetown, so that the Cache Valley train or Camden, or Trenton, or Valley Things to make: furniture, book

served as the official timepiece. It Forge if you want to be impressed bindings, boats, musical instruments,

carvings, paintings, poetry, airwith the price of desire toaroused American freedom. what know my planes, miniature implements and Visit the tomb of the other side the on of Washingtonwas mounand utensils, trains, boats, quilts, rugs, Lincoln let and thetain. Butte examples of The such Express—where flowers, gardens, dainties for the men do it it something fordid did you, from? come go? Where Go to home, baskets, dolls, marionettes, I Gettysburg try to to and I'd wanted know! see whatHow How photographs, so infinitum. and ad price folly the itlike It slavery of to ride out! find disand was and

too grand even to hope for. Think union cost our country in blood and Had I started as a youngster to

of what a ride would cost; think of morale. You'll remove your hat collect pioneer things, there would

the speed in comparison with my when you stand where Lincoln made have been preserved to this generaold plow horses. I just went up to his famous speech. tion a rare set of tools that my

the end of the field and back, and Kneel alone in the Sacred Grove grandfather used in the building of by nighttime my flights of fancy at dawn of some early spring mornthe Salt Lake Tabernacle. All I can

came back to supper and to a tired ing and see how your heart swells remember now is the shavings the bed. But I resolved to see the world, within you for the knowledge of what wooden planes made as he conand I have seen it—and so much happened there in 1820. You will structed furniture for the neighbors

more than that plowboy ever never regret a visit to the Hill Cuin our town.

dreamed of seeing. morah if you will contemplate what Keep a history of your family and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941 yourself. It is this that has prethese things a sissy. He gave me you and hope you live all your life."

served to us some of the best knowlas a souvenir my card with a hole in Most of us are not living all our edge we have of the early history of the center made at thirty feet with an lives.

our Church. What a pleasure it is arrow. His hobbies have made him My music hobby has brought to

now, after all these years, to read independent and famous. The world me much of the goodness of life;

what they went through. has beaten a path out to his lonely it cheered me up while out on the

Collect the old books of your famplace. lonely dry farm as a youngster; it

ily; read the book or tract that was got me into the mandolin club at

the means of opening the eyes of T-Tere is another example of the the Agricultural College in Utah;

your grandparents to the Gospel in practical side of hobbies. My it helped me in the crowd and earned

some foreign land. Sing the songs boyhood friend started taking picme my spending money as a lad; it

from the same book they carried tures and developing them. His put me in the band and the parades

across the plains, songs that made it hobby came in handy during the deon such days as Peach Day and other possible for them to keep up courage pression. After his business failed, celebrations; it got me my wife, for

along the weary way. he tried to find work but none was I first met her while playing in a

The joy that comes in the pursuit to be had. He then thought of his brass quartet in her ward. Recently

of these many hobbies is something my hobby made it possible for me that simply has to be experienced. to spend the weekend at the fashThe search for rare stones led me ionable Arrowhead Mountain resort

to the workings of the old Calico in California. Learn to play some

mining district on the Mojave Desinstrument even if it is just a harert in California. There one of the monica or jew's-harp. It is not

old settlers told me a story of a dog enough to be a lover of music; one

that should make any doglover should be a maker of good music.

think more of his friend: A hobby that has just recently

A mountain range divided two developed with me is that of colcamps; the mail was brought from lecting pretty rocks and polishing

the valley below each day and then them. My collection is made up of

was packed over the mountain on materials from all over the world.

foot because of the long distance Some of my gems are precious, at around. This particular dog had least to me. To most people a rock

followed his master for a year or so is just something to throw at the dog, on his daily trips, when the master but to a rockhound it is in most suddenly died. The dog by this time cases a thing of beauty and a joy

had been carrying the mail in a speforever. There are over 1,500 discially arranged pack saddle. The THIS DOG'S PICTURE HANGS IN THE HOMES tinct minerals and each has been

dog finished the trip alone and OF MOST OF THE PEOPLE WHO STILL REMEMnamed. About a hundred of these

brought care to his master where he TOWNBER THEOF CALICO,BOOM DAYSCALIFORNIA.OF THE OLD MINING are classed as gem materials. They

lay. From that day until the dog are divided into about ten major

finally died he made the route alone groups. It is impossible for the

every day, rain or shine. He guardold photography hobby. He mortaverage person to collect all these

ed the precious letters, and no one gaged his furniture to buy the mamaterials, so it is best to specialize was able to hold him up or take the terials with which to build himself in some field that interests one most.

this a camera. of outcome The was living in themail People from him.

I if It oversight be an would set in that business, himself he up all pictures ofneighborhood have article telling this you closed without prospered he and has and a now tell histhis to love of famous dog and

I bookcol- with happy am how my in comfortable Utah, Logan, homefaithfulness.

I in library lecting hobby. have my in is supporting his the and son

the also publication neighborhood This or every book same field. cirnearly has mission knows when Who

Iin interesting printed. it an ever has menman worth am Church cumstances a complete make may

tioning. He has chosen this dreary change in one's vocation necessary. 'proud of my set of Eras and Conit offers to live him becauseplace

liberties the things he loves andmore The story is told in the Boston Starstributors,and Liahonasmy manyand ReliefMillennialSoto do than any other section of counTranscript about old man McFadd ciety Magazines. The lives of the

try. His love for the desert has asking young Smart, "Do you collect leaders of the Church stand out as

made a rock lover of him, and he has anything?"an inspiration to anyone who will

a fine collection of semiprecious "Why, yes, I sometimes collect read their histories. Bind your congems. Because of his intimacy with my thoughts,"said young Smart ference reports, Priesthood and Muthe desert he is in great demand by with a smile. tual manuals, and Sunday School

the movie companies as guide and Old McFadd remarked with satisleaflets. They all should be preserved

by magazines for his interesting arfaction, "Your specimens are no and studied. Collect and save the

ticles on desert life. He has disdoubt very rare."The point I am histories of your own ancestors.

covered a very wonderful cave, soon trying to make is that anyone withThis hobby is not followed as much to be opened to the public. He has out any special interests in life is as it should be by Latterday Saints.

developed as another of his hobbies not living as abundantly as he Hobbies, hobbies—the word rings

that of archery. He can shoot birds should. Walter Russell Bowie tells sweetly in my ears. May you be

on the wing. He has killed wild of receiving a letter from one of his caused to pursue some hobby that

boars, sheep, deer, snakes, lizards. small nephews who was just learnwill help you to live this life "all the

He calls anyone who uses a rifle for ing to write; he closed it thus, "I love way."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

September issue is illustrative of this.

By his very argument against church- "WHOLEHEARTED going and proper Sabbath observance in his that he proves down deep own LEADERSHIP IS THE Why is heart that is the consciousness such essential, specious but by arguments i he KEY TO SUCCESS // it. reasons himself from away GO TO

Duty is a harsh word and, unless one wills to make it pleasant and profitable, By Fred Oliver, Central Park Ward it irksome, even repugnant become may CHURCH meaningless. perhaps and '"Phe allimportant subject of PriestBy JOSEPH J. ANDERSON Upon Mt. Sinai, the Lord's finger hood leadership is commanding inwrote upon the stone tablets a guide to creasing attention in Latterday Saint

in action. right Fourth sequence affairs. progress the of The Church TO ANSWER ChANNING PoLman's A BRIEF divine injuncthe importance and came the progress of the upon depends in lock Reader's Digest,""The tion, the Sabbath is "Remember day to to Priesthood. say, when That 1940.September,

it it holy."keep keep "To is active, the Priesthood the Church holy"—to

refrain from the ordinary, the sensuous surges forward; when it generally is

426 West 87 Place, or sensual things, life's daily grind, and inactive, through lacking in leadership,

Los Angeles, California. of course to concentrate upon the subthe Church suffers. The organizations

October 31, 1940. lime, the spiritual, and the uplifting; to of the Church are but helps to the

Reader's Digest read and study the Divine word, learn Priesthood, which definitely places the

New York, New York. the Divine will. Priesthood quorums in the position of

Attention: Church Editor: "But for me,"says our writer, "goleadership. They should be, as one of

With this letter I am forwarding, as ing to church has no more to do with our Apostles has said, "so ably conper your invitation, a 500word comreligion than listening to Fourth of July ducted, so faithfully attended, and so ment on Channing Pollock's "Why I orations or the singing of 'The Star thoroughly serviceable as to set an

Don't Go To Church."Spangled Banner'has to do with paexample to all other Church organizaBecause of the conditions that exist triotism."Thus he ignores a basic tions."

law. psychological are emotions Thein the of world today, distrust, doubt, true, responsibilities being the That cultivated stirred as are only they intodeparture old, tested, from established fall of leadership that those enupon all is action. true of inherent same The Istandards, feel that the matter should clear. in are activity Priesthood gaged is attributes. Godgiven There human fullerhave analysis. much Every man goal, in being our Success quorum work of other no than through growth wayhas right a to for decide himself at necessity once of wholesee the I selfactivity. as remember, a we Well do willwhether he attend not, church or if are to achieve leadership hearted we child, the of marvelous Fourth July how it isbut quite another matter to use that success. oration, the of expressive reading thethe press fortify to exploit falhis and

lacies. Declaration of Independence, the rousWe might logically ask ourselves:

Throughout an active life of 75 years ing strains of "The Star Spangled Ban- "Why do we need leadership at all?

I have learned that the physical body ner"caused my blood to tingle, my What is its purpose and why can we needs constant care, exercise, and whole being to vibrate with intense not get along without it?"The prophet

change, and daily exercise has not been emotions of patriotism. Just so are the Joseph Smith shed some light on this

neglected. It is just as essential that religious emotions developed; they problem when he said: "The sociality

the spiritual side of life have persistent bloom into perfection by their exercise, among men is the same everywhere, and regular care. by the study of God and His goodness, here and in the life hereafter."Putting

Can you not see what a farreaching and of His will concerning man's mortal this another way, men collectively are effect such an article can have upon career. made up of a great many followers and

the young minds in the formative state; "Too much,"Pollock continues, "of a very few leaders. The whole history

how it will justify remissness and shortwhat is said in church has been said of humanity is, in one sense, simply a comings along other lines as well? That thousands of times. Anything habitual study of leadership, what men have

is perhaps the greatest cause for the loses its cogency."Would the author done and how they have accomplished

regret at the publishing of such a stateargue that because he has bathed himit. All of them have been leaders,

ment. Do you not think that as a repself thousands of times, no further abluelse they would not have been granted

resentative of the press it is your oblitions are necessary? or that because space in the pages of history. The

gation to see that the truth should be during a half century he has consumed Bible is a history of the prophets of placed before your large clientele? a few thousand meals, no further feedGod, leaders among men, in a very real

It would afford me great pleasure to ing is essential? The spiritual part of respect.

feeding constant care needs and manenter into a complete analysis the of is to point out wish draw The we just Millions physical. as the of doesarticle in question. is There so much is leadership that universal ever- a and spiritually the starving are race humanthat ought to said; be so that much factor lasting in progress the of manit. not and do know light theneeds of correct thinking; so it is in kind, essential that element an greatest man's Habit become may fallaciesmany that to ought anbe achievement, producing and growth

it ally. truly that sinking said be Can swered., are the out of components which which sincerely, Yours in essential into sense things habit any

life is is eternal Salvation fashioned. (Signed) Anderson. Joseph shall their J. destroys cogency? "Ye

question of growing and achieving. shall the truth the truth and make a know

It is it is progress not perfection; toward the truth, free."for is looking If he 426 West 87 Place, you

Los Angeles, California. our friend will find it, and finding it, perfection. It is the increasing of inOctober 31, 1940. consistency urges following wherever telligence and unfolding of power. In

Reader's Digest, it leads. a word, "The glory of God is intelliYork, York. churchNew New To me, further affiliation—participanot gence."go and May we importance. of primeAttention: Editor: Church tion—seems is intelligence"? glory of say, "The man in divine others Mingling worship with alibis nature for human to make

or driving motivating uplift, is the inspiration, reLeadership begets courage lapse of failureITanyis or for conduct to do what ought to be done. The ceived in no other way. force that brings about growth and

article by Channing Pollock in your Joseph J. Anderson. achievement.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

INVENTORY THwudaqsL By GRACE YONEKO OKIMOTO

Of the Japanese Mission By Nathaniel Hawthorne is quoted not being on speaking terms with that PRESIDENT as follows: person any more. TTien with a pang

Christ's I felt of force the regret of it JR. J. in this world, CLARK, when Happiness REUBEN fifth of chapter in the glorious words

it the incidentally. comes, comes Make said: had where Presidency Matthew, the First He it Of leads pursuit, us and a of object

wild goose chase, and is never attained.

that curse bless them enemies, your Love object, posother very and some of Follow marriages are too many hate that you, and to you, them good do happithat find caught sibly have we weThere despitefullv that you use that are mere people for them pray our young likely of it, but dreaming without ness persecute you. and it is the say to civil gone moment for enough we marriages—marriages

it of the is!"chest like ourselves, "Here regretted.time. This to be is much

find. treasureseekers I headgold that under the that the goods saw

for that calls situationIt is a remedy increasing. There "laziness"ing were of

from every bishop, from every auxThe other day as I sauntered along lying before me were the times that I iliary organization, and from every Fort Street, I saw a sign in a dress shop had fallen into the temptations laid beparent. which read, "AfterInventory Sale. fore me, when I had sat around killing

After its absence from the earth for Big Reductions."The show window time when I had much work to do. I

is mylimited,ownhundreds and hundreds of years, the ofletters,a shoe"Clearancestore displayedSale. in Allhuge,goodsred realizedthat I amthatheremytotimeworkhereout

Lord revealed in this Dispensation must go to make room for new stock."salvation, and that now is the time for

of the Fulness of Times, the prinThe many stores lined on the street all me to strive to overcome all obstacles ciple of the eternity of the marriage seemed to have some kind of sale going and work toward the highest degree of covenant, and He restored to the on and the sales, though worded differglory which is the ultimate reward for objective nearer strive the unto same had to come in those who to conauthority divineearth the lain that rid of get goods had God.

it. This revelation andsummate time, goods for long a to take an invencontinued this view—toonently,the allshelves so I And

restoration makes of marriage a holy that had taken much storage space but tory of the stock I possessed in my little relationship, out of which and out could not be disposed of heretofore. store within me. I found that I had

of I dispose should which goods many only,of can come man's greatwhich I, too, should that It occurred to me other goods in its place some and put exaltation.est glory of I posthe stock take and an inventory

store to help make which would my I store. in sessed began own my my trifling I are assets. people filled young unperishable You with one corner looking into inventory one by

in stock increase that I could found destiny, divine my arewith your you I I that store, there found of and my

I the had by room with goods some lightly great treating a commandof yards yards accumulated and had

I not did rid the things getting of which I off. things putting the habit of had aside as dross are castingment, you incompleting have. to care Upon my lessons letters to read, to answer, books that greatest opportunitythe comes goods that I found I had ventory many I calls study, been to make, to had and fail life, reinto or your you when list the I sale for under that could it all "I'll other along, saying do some fuse to be married in our temples day,"when wise men and sages of old heading of "AfterInventory Sale—Bigwhere husband and wife may be had taught us "Never put off till toReductions,"or "Clearance Sale—all

sealed for time and for all eternity morrow what you can do today."goods must go to make room for new

stock."off if things that putting I kept realized Priestthe bearing the Holy menby to not care others buy Though may for late too be some it would day me marriage, of and God.hood is person A civil there one from me, these goods the to which up work make I am

is is all that is perallthat for marriage me, any will take them away who delaying now. formed outside the temple, merely who will help me to keep my new

I into corner of another looked my will order, in comgood goods who relationship. legalizes marital a

roll there It store and discovered a great traveling in over guide and me fort me the effects of of a sealinghas none I complaints that of made, comhad is life's that person main, and solemn for time and eternity. plaints about the material and personal our Savior, Jesus Christ. To Him

life, that the things of wealth about in go I can to Heaven, Father our and if people, think young you You

I possess. others did not which had and the through means communicate and to at another ofenough marry one recite learned to I had Yet memory by trials the of problems prayer and of my

all, love another should one you the of sixth the 19th verses 20th and heart.

enough to wish to perpetuate your chapter of Matthew, where Christ said: Let us remember the words of H. G.

association forever; if you do not Wells: "Religion is the first thing and

treasures for yourselves not up Lay last, until that, upon the for think found of has enough one another and God a man earth, corrupt, and rust doth where moth has he begins been found and by God hesitate well long beforeyou may steal: thieves break through where and and

you decide to go forward in life But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaat no beginning and works to no end."

otherwise. The situation is not rupt,ven, whereand whereneitherthievesmothdonornot rustbreakdoththroughcorLife"Longfellowthat "Nottellsenjoymentus in hisand"Psalmnot sorof

changed by having your bishop or nor steal. row is our destined end or way, but to

president of stake, or some exbishop act that each tomorrow finds us farther friend, or like persons, perform the I looked into one of the shelves in my than today."Tomorrow should find

ceremony for time. All these are little store and saw there the hatred that us farther on in the path of righteouscivil marriages only. From the Occiates.I had storedI openedtowarda boxsomewhichof mylay assothere nessmakingand eachglory daythan gotoday,fartherand canonly weby

tober, 1940, General Conference and saw there the times that I had expect to attain the highest degree of messages. quarreled and the consequent result of salvation.

the Five years on a lad of twelve in his native SAN JUAN

London, James Davis, whosens uncle David had brought the Compiled by message of Mormonism to the family the year before, longed impaWILLIAM MULDER tiently to "gather to Zion."Disapfrom accounts of James and Mary

pointment and heartbreak were his Elizabeth Fretwell Davis whenever luckier companions embarked, leaving him behind. "I think

me,"he zeal from of the wentsome

I will Zion. to to gather which was later, years four time ofwrote one

untold I remains of feeling had. what joyous the forget never Something his parents, hadin 1856, who when found history in pioneer be may to come seemed After, my money his going for partial consentgiven biogthe lines the of simple between spirit with the blessed I was and way last a felt the of raphies and the at momentto who men women America,

I sailed so, that so saving, of much a penetrated sixty years scant ago him. with part couldthat not they

the the ship, called at forbidding country next John and the remote on J. it the out, 1856 turnedBut, was as for leaders. their call of "Ho! Church Boyd."illfated handMartin the ofyear advertiseearly said an Juan"San without left England Davis James in the "There Desecet News. Davis ment hadcart and James company,

in Salt Lake arrived but a penny Saints means needed with are many his going thankful had toreason be his jingling in settle counthat to help muscle and with money City delayed.been call try!"and a a mission, Such was plains the crossing for while pocket, coachas a worked In he London, earliest the colonists were among cook. teamster job as and a had he Fretwell Elizabeth and it James save couldn't Mary he but seemedman,

to thought, do, he could least he the preceded Davis, main comwho his the The to for passageenough money six the to to region pany* turn what by San his Juan gratitude was show desire. his Sunday ofland "One multiin the face of There, as a months. the left to bishop had he money to relates, "I hear wentevening,"he flood, starvation, threat of exposure,

ridifriend offering."a But "thank disease, sucattack, Indian and they preach,Apostle Lyman M. Amasa

the idea, was money the and culed in ceeded a "commaking Montezuma the close meeting of the at theand difficult five for unbelievably munity"I felt well about never given. "But not that people the told presidentbranch years.

it, did not seem things to go my and in very muchBrother was Lyman these of people names humble The I more not did have any way. the only help. money of fleeting I hadneed received have remembrance

left to to be seemed promptings and in histories published of the San Juan next the living for expenses for my later in to settlement years he In recthe was myself."manuscript and it to to give prompted butday, I was

of the here Stake, ord but San Juan amends. seize to make an opportunity I did. Brotherhim, Lyman which their excerpts appear unfrom own in his 1864 marriage after It came I said soon would singularly account, freeblessed adorned and from me

have the greatest desire of my heart, in the Endowment House to Mary overstatement, void of a single word

Elizabeth Fretwell, an English conof complaint, and, in fact, making only

IS HARD ON MAN A COUNTRY THAT AND BEAST. vert three years his junior, who had passinghardshipsmentionthat mustof thehavesuccessionmade upof Sullivan C. Richardson. by Photo

each heartbreaking day of their fiveyear mission to a vindictive country.

They left this only witness to heroic lives as a family account to be treasured by their children and grandchildren. It is worth a wider circle

of readers. From such material is the

whole cloth of pioneer history finally woven. The men and women who

were so busy making history they had little time to write it, have unwittingly borne eloquent testimony to the faith that was in them.

*For the story of this company's amazing descent through Holein-theRock and its incredible journey over the "impassable"trail on its way to Bluff on San Juan River, read The

Improvement Era for January, 1940, page 18.

crossed the Atlantic cm the ship

Amazon, memorialized by Charles

Dickenseler—"Hisin TheeyesUncommercialseemed to beTravon

everyone, and as he walked about the ship, he was writing,"was the way Mary Fretwell remembered Dickens'visit. By oxteam the young

couple had journeyed to Cedar City,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

the rocks and in the sinks. Some of

theseWe sufferedyieldeda watergreat deal,and someand onethirddid not.

of our cattle died.

"Every morning my wife would arrange the children in the bottom of the wagon, then climb to the high spring

MARY ELIZABETH FRETWELL seat and drive a team all day. There

DAVIS AND JAMES DAVIS. were only Indian trails to mark the way,

so driving was a difficult task. In

crossing the Buckskin Mountains, we cut notches in the sandstone for a footing for our horses. We had to hitch

eight teams to one wagon to pull it to the top. Then we would take all the

teams off, tie a rope to the rear axle where their first home had been a family of H. H. Harriman joined of the wagon, and with all the men holding the let the rope wagon we would the dugout, birthplace of of two their them, of making twentysix a total the in safety. night mountain down At children. the time About Jones Dan chilmen, eight two women, and fortify as our with wagons we would in arrived City, the Cedar Davises dren as the of vanguard the larger against protection Indians. the

had been living for a number of years company which was to follow them "About the middle of May, we in a selfbuilt log hut. south and east in the fall, James crossed the Colorado at Lee's Ferry and

Brother Dan Jones had been called Davis has left an outline of the stopped at a small village called Moenon a mission to the Navajo Indians. events which overtook that little copi, settled by some Moquich, Oriba,

His stopping in Cedar City was not band, an unassuming record which Hopi, and Navajo Indians, and a few by choice. He could go no farther, leaves the greater part unsaid: white people. Among them were Wilhe told the people in meeting, until ford Woodruff, there on a vacation,

he obtained a badlyneeded pack "Before we left, Bishop Arthur blessand John W. Young, son of President

building Young, Brigham a was who if told ed wife her she and would myanimal. there Davis James was and mill to of the great care take woolen part go her her health and do be would request. theheard spirit told "The of Indians the amount produced. wool that she and never be would get to the for restored,me pack animal families advised us to with stay They called to child, part with on for anotherBrother Jones. with overcome I was there of account on the danger ahead out eight children of our buried had wejoy could until scarcely stay and us, let the of the and young go and men four. also told that the her Lord Hemeeting was over. Next day I would protect us, and our lives would find a suitable country to locate. We

bought a young mule and gave it to be spared. did so, and notwithstanding the wind

the continually, blew sand enjoyed weBrother Jones. turned to Bishop He long, traveled dreary many "We at our stay much. very Moencopi said,C. 'That's and J. Arthur crossing the weeks, the region over same

kind will the of not part men Lord the in Spanish crossed 1540. had The first months, the of **Tn on two July,

Iwith.'feeling within a had that first Indians said the me to whites we were A five of rethe scouts returned andthe forgiven that Lord pass for time. had that since not way me The finding place. ported started a We like Spaniards, Indians, the carpaying attention had due before years (Continued on page 53)

containers, water but unwere we spirit the to riedwhen prompted had me this for prepared emergency. dug We surpluspay to the bishop money my TWISTS OF FROM SAN JUAN THE

wells great effort with numerous under MESA. TOP OF HORSE THE WILD offering. aas this thank time From Richardson. by Sullivan Photo C.

we were blessed financially. We

built a very fine brick house for those days. I was very proud of my home

surroundings, and we were very happy except for the poor health of my wife."So poor was his wife's condition that when, on December 29, 1878, they were called on a mission to settle the Arizona country, James Davis felt sure it was a misunderstanding.

But surprise soon gave way to determination to magnify the call.

Erastus Snow, pioneer leader in charge of the colonizaton, had asked that all be ready by the following

April. Home, store, and land were

disposed of at a sacrifice, and on

April 13, 1879, the Davis family, in with severalcompany young men, left City. Cedar the 1 At Parowan,

xThe scouts who accompanied the Davis family on

April 13, 1879. were, from Cedar City: J. C. Duncan,

Robert Bullock, John T. Grower, Thomas Bladden,

H. Joseph Wilson, George Urie, George Perry, and

Kuman Jones; from Paragonah: Silas Smith and five

of his sons; from Parowan: James Adams, G. H. Hobbs,

J. B. Decker, Wilson Dalley, Isaac Allen, Del McGregor, Hanson Bayles, P. R. Butts, Z. Decker, and

John C. Dalton.

LOOKING BACK AT LINE UPON LINE /

CONVERT TESTIFIES OF By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH GOSPEL PRINCIPLES

Publishers of "Buried Empires of By Lyman Collins South America"and "Grandeurs of

Ancient America."Byron, Wyoming.

Pleven years ago a bookbinder came to Powell to rebind the books of the Powell schools which were in need of repair. As I went by the schoolhouse one day, I saw his old car standing outside. I was a car salesman at

the time, and an old car was an intriguing sight. I went in and finally

broached the subject of a new car to the bookbinder. I can still remember

CITY CAPITAL CHIMUS CHANCHAN, OF THE THE built their great antedating the Incas, capital of ChanChan what he said: "I'm not going to get Chimus, a people Long ago the

city Trujillo. its walls the Although endured the site of of Peruvian presentday have near of a new car until I can pay cash for it especially the action fast centuries, from countless they are for crumbling assaults time's now,

of the the idea best their structure. can obtain floods one From the air, on repeated adobe once without jeopardizing my security."And its trace, temples, city the remains extent once were vast of what even indistinctly, of the and

material building in the plazas, palaces, gardens, used of ChanChan and reservoirs. The was he went on to give me my first lesson explorers have, cement. in uncovering substance Late about half adobe and half of a hardened

like building of Mexico, cleaning those carvings Oaxaca, the on the walls, found Metla and also in the Gospel..,.

like city those great carvings feathered serpents of the of the of Teotihuacan, twentycement eight miles from Mexico City. 250,000 people lived in ChanChan.

I was baptized and confirmed a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints more than ten years ago. Upon joining the Church I

had many problems and habits to deal with. In fact, it seemed that what I

had come to believe contradicted a large part of my life. Particularly regarding the Word of Wisdom did I have

difficulty. It was at a conference held

in Lovell that I received the most valuTHE GREAT STONE WHEELS OF THE PREINCANS able advice, I believe, I have ever reEvidences in Mexico, Central America, and Peru lead us to conclude that all the ancient ceived. The visiting member of the

of peoples understood practiced America the principle and of the wheel. of transmeans No

portation the today is equal to known task of moving the huge stone remains have General Authorities spoke on the topic some of which been found. wheels These huge stone were all of one size weight and and so perfectly synof selfadvancement. He recommended that chronized they could have been interchangeably used the on same vehicle. The enormous

of stone blocks of the construction used in the ancient temples quarries of Peru hewn from were fifteen sites, four to distant building leagues from the fashioned transported rivers that, although we might not be able to across and and over ravines, raised to their elevated positions, and adjusted with the nicest accuracy. live all the commandments and principles of the Gospel, we should live

those within our ability. He said that

our ability would grow. It is my testimony that increased power does come

to the person who will observe well the principles of the Gospel which are within his ability.

There is one principle of the Gospel that has been my temporal and spiritual salvation. That principle is tithing. It

is the principle which has been most easy for me to practice. Although at

BOLIVIA, PICCHU, AMERICA CITYFORTRESS OF SOUTH INCA THE MACHU thousand nine In the sea level, towering perched feet above on top of a times I have been tempted to put off or Andes Mountains, all precipices hill called ridge protected foot the at the of on Huayna Picchu and sides by and reduce my tithing, I felt that only as is the sides feet River, rapids the mysterious thousand below, two by of the Urubamba on three ancient Inca and or cement. of mortar cityfortress.Many of Massivethe housesblocksare ofa granitestory andfit atogetherhalf in perfectlyheight, withwithoutgablethe endsuse long as I paid it I had a right to call

projecting stones tied. cylinders rafters which have and fourring These to which were homes upon the Lord to aid me in observing

contain three, in formations divided of an unusual of windows, but the number remarkable most all is the great of of feature wellbuilt granite stairways, there number being over two hundred the other principles which might be small within the the exquisite finish of their large and walls of stonecutting resembles city. The

that of the fortress of Sacasahuaman in the Cuzco valley. difficult for me. I know that the bless-

{Editor's note: "Buried Empires of South America,"as announced on ings the Lord has promised those who

the book page of the December and January "Era"is now off the press and will observe His teachings do not fail.

available through Deseret Book Company and other agencies of distribution. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

I were at the head of a college, Ledgers

IF I would secure a man of uncomto insense qualified mon common

It would terview every student. be orut ihsL (ljswUiL. iB&qimimq.

his job to help students find themselves and to guide them into paths they are best fitted to travel happily By JAMES P. SHARP and courageously.

This college would be made this the eating time of supper year one about Sunday were We of up enthusiAlong fall, late Saints in begin the evening, dear Latterday a all good when astic students sister tithing their acthe very crying to checking old house up on came who would get counts. Customs as well as people demonstratively. Her story was that

joy out of their change, for when I was a lad, we paid while she had been at church some one classwork and tithing in kind. That is, if a man raised had stolen her tithing cabbage, but had

who would be ten loads of hay he paid one; if he had not touched her own. Father asked how

made to feel ten calves he gave one; or ten sacks she could tell tithing cabbage, and she

happy in their of potatoes, one, and so on. said that when she set the plants out

plant, stick tenth every she put a by a s signments. is in cash, there and pay we Now stolen. told Father been those and had I little class all a the of Such for to put us chance no the think did her not he would Lord sack, the of so in the bottom potatoes jhave conducted

if other she she paid cabbage, care but ones speak, put on a to few good and of period a over insisted that stolen those belonged were for credit as can get such be top and for years, my fit if let to the to and Lord saw He seen. students have steal did she not His cabbage some one

told me how happy they have Some pay tithing every payday, think it was up to her to pay a second been. To me every student is a persome every month, and still others pay tithing. Father said a person that stole

sonality, different from anyone else. at the end of the year. Which way is from the Lord never prospered. She

I I say, but personally correct cannot did. never to is exchance given a studentEach

it the with think matters don't much like his said hepress gone, she she would on views mother After had what it is just honest as long as an Lord find so out line been to going had is in that was who guided to then do and payment.

her. doing to were While mean we that of he greatest the carewith years for bishop Father a many was I father thought chores, he asked who successful.might be of the from much home was and away said: stole cabbage, "Son, the he and into If child small take a an you it tithto receive to time, so up was me stole every one years ago some two is a there park whereamusement figure loads, the ing hay, measure and tithing carrots, the of her tenth row

slide, teeter, other all or aswing, such. a the weight, hay, the stack and turraised ten she ones. year ago One

healthful amusements, and you I learned a great number of tricks a keys, and the tithing one was stolen. I

keep your eyes open, you soon befew of those oldtimers played, but wonder what she will have to report hold what pleases the child most. this should be said to the credit of a stolen next year."

great majority to of those men—they paid swing wants If he in, all busi- a young came man Once tithing. honest

insist play anand he you for ness. asked a recommend, had He

in the sand pile, you Some of those men would wait until but had paid no tithing, so, got none.

finest the cut then they very and hay his account pulled from an book He at once create unan tithing. for best bring that kind The I said: "Bishop, you pocket and owehappiness. swing The in, calf in turned the ten and when was tithing for years dollars sixteen two

is better for him and could potatoes debrought they you last dollars for ago, year twenty and he knows it, because pend on those potatoes being the best, twentytwo dollars for this year. Fiftyit gives his play of smooth and of uniform size. Other men eight dollars, is that correct?"It was.

imagination greater broughtjust paid tithing,a fair average,and everywhilespringothersthere He pulled a purse from his pocket, scope, and there is the would be a large pile of small potatoes counted out some money, put it back thrill of going up and that no one would admit he had given in his purse, his purse in his pocket, and down in swinging to the Lord for His share. said: "I don't have the exact change,

credit that lust with and amount tell said: Father always can "Onethat get does not one I'll I get satis pay you do mesometime—when tithing kind of the a what pays by manin pile. a sand recommend?"my fails prospers, or prosper."he to way Well, after convinced when I am did case, the for those be to seem Such There pause no between was "Time"talking to a student that he knows I the paid they best had, that seemed and who today "When."saw man

I wants, he I teachwhat him what happier streets, those than and prosperous more dollar walking the with not a wish to teach, but in doing so I who just paid an average, or those who to his name, just waiting for his next teach him what he wants also. just brought something, anything. relief appropriation.

kww&xL io jckfi/uL Ala. tsuumA. afjtsuv

dhj&v&Jiinjc ihsL sjmbiadictwvL x>, cl qihL wPw wadu JbDilv—Sweetw

SOPHISTICATED By JOHN SHERMAN WALKER

previous, and had simply handed "And so what do these enthusiasms and virtues this and day me—socially—in telegram him from a an isolated

lonely big chair age? by at home Only—aget little It read: upstate. town "Snowafter that doesn't the telephone, a while

bound STOP Can you carry on colring for me at all—any more. And I love umn until we come? Constance parties, and people—the companionship

so much! dancing fellows—and C."of "Ifgirlssophisticationand smartness means Gordon, vaguely uneasy as he chic and having the savoirfaire of andthe

read, had looked up questioningly. world—I'm asking you, woman to woman,

Haig merely underlined with his though I more than qualify in all those

I do! pencil the last words of the telethings—what'll

gram, "Can you carry on column (Signed) Sweet and Sophisticated."

until we come?"

Gordon had asked: "Is that an 1 he empty editorial

assignment?"rooms were silent now as a noin lull of battle. man's-land The Haig, smile a with mild And the been should have It the earlier muffled barrage from lips, his about said, Scotch asquiet, "An grayish of Miss eyes Constance C confiding answersignment."battery of linotypes off toward the

woman of the Evening Call's Closing the Heartthrobs door composing room was but an echo.

the thundering roll of the big"Heartthrobs and Problems"colquietly as he went out—he had left And

umn, that scanned the sheets of the Bruce Gordon to solve the probartillery-press downstairs had long letter, signed, "Mary McKean,"lems within. And so, there was since ceased.

to wordwith the further identifying name, Bruce Gordon reading the revealing Gordon mused—groping

"Sweet and Sophisticated,"for the letter of this Mary McKean who his reply. Vaguely, phrases were

lines of that letter were as intimate stated her problem and signed herforming in his mind. Frowning, he

as the throbbings of a maiden's self "Sweet and Sophisticated."sauntered back to the typewriter

heart. Twice, three times, Gordon read and stood for a moment idly drumNot that Bruce Gordon, of The over the letter: ming his fingertips on the desktop. He snapped on a desklamp. Call's editorial staff, was violating "Dear Constance C

the confidence of the "colyum,"as "You're all I have left to appeal to At once another unopened letter,

I'm and with coming heart a pentup of noticed, that he not previously had faintly the violetscentedhe opened that its drained must of bitterness be typewriter, his eye. the near caught afthat in thatenvelope had come else!—orgall, to Constance addressed It was mail. It justternoon's that happened "Constance, dear, have scanever you

The Call's popular answerlady, ned yourself in the mirror, knowing that C and secretary. Mechanically

very you in perfect were your a with the envelope Gordon slit pretty—and a takenConstance had C dress party new ensemble, as drew you enthe paperknife out the and drew trip. daily columnweekend Her, luxury silver of a shoulcape about your

feature had been made up for only ders—and twinkled off on silver slippers closures: two miniature cardboarda few days in advance, and did—to an allpromising party? artist's palettes—handmarked invihave that night "And you home for tations to the Arts two, annual for the thatnot allow snowblizzard

disillusioned cried yourand drooping—andcome in to night that Masque, be held It the return trip. delaycaused on self to sleep? once that done you Have

was a curious—and unprecedented and twice and thrice—and after that the new Art Lodge.

situation. stayed home through evenings of loneliWith the envelope and palettes

misery—rather than still in hand he went again to the

'petting,'Bruce Gordon had written copy indulgeness and inchokedupthe promiscuous on all of the regular city runs drinking, and smoking of the presentday window and standing with feet widetown and county building—night parties? apart, as though to balance his

selfnot pity "I'm or seeking singing his in sports, thoughts, glowered he downpolice—theatres—and praise, sincere but analysis only a making straight the across never radiant sign But upon career with The Call.

I tell of myself to I'm you when known had he served in the capacity of be a charming, more than ordinarily atthe street, Ye Olde Costume Shoppe.

"answerman."tractive young lady. I play the piano well, It was too much. Something

Haig, The Call's city editor, had sing, and like dancing exceedingly. Can seemed forcing his thoughts into

brilliant if the be a office channel. called inner occaone and thought Gordon into the He blinked calls sion for studious I'm not a it—thoughconversationalist, swiftly. for costumesof now. Problems"the "Heartthrobs and No time prude. I'm generous and warmly can be sanctuary one morning the week enthusiastic over a great many things. Tuxedo—and a domino—for him.

APPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

phone call came, startling her from her rather blue reverie; he greeted

her like an old friend. "Lucky you're

home this evening, Mary. I've tickets for two to the Arts Masque

tonight. Will you come? It's sudden

to call you this way, I know; but

it'll be a surprise party for me, too.

Say you'll accept."

Her perplexed voice demanded, "But, who—who is it that's calling,

please?"Bruce Gordon chuckled and replied, "One who knows you rather well, Mary. But it's masquerade,

tonight, you know. Let's make this

an adventure—keep the surprise

until we unmask. We'll not have

time now for costumes. We'll go

formal. "I'm sending a messenger with a domino mask-—and violets. Can you

-*-* be ready by nine?"

A trifle flurried, she hesitated, "We-U, I could. Yes, I can—be ready at nine. But—"Gordon reassured her, "I have asked Judge

Landor, whom we both know, I believe, to come with us—so really

there is no reason why you shouldn't accept."ON THE IT WAS WRITTEN CALL'S "With Judge Landor?"her voice PROBLEMS""HEARTTHROBS AND

cut short Ltordon LETTERHEAD, AND CAUGHT MARY gladly then. accepting the was "Oh, LITTLE GASP A HER BREATH IN OF last trilled "three"of operator. the then QUICKLY I shall be LOOKED SURPRISE—AND happy to accompany

UP AT HE swiftly. GORDON. thinking WAS BRUCE was an had He He you."HIS SMILING, EYES BUT MASKED exciting plan. there should But be NOTHING. TOLD HER exclaimed. "Good,"Gordon "At to someone both, them knew who nine, then. Goodbye."introduce and Mary them—he for halfmask domino A her—and McKean.

dress. her formal party own later there minutes 1 en GorLandor. was Judge And The a be would That Hmmmm-n!

It hurrying inone, don the very course. from of costume was an was talsocial test of one's graces and spiration. street, shop across to the a then Landor, as a patron Judge ents to formal and go To little arts, flowershop for of of corsage a the unquestionably would perArts an Masquerade—whereapparel. violets, rosebuds night. going again enthat and be and

critical. sons be informally would tering editorial offices the street familiar of a had sound The The

Somehow, though, Bruce Gordon to it. The judge, an old acquainCall, he sat once more before the

was inclined to the belief that tance of Gordon's, lived on that typewriter.

"Sweet and Sophisticated"would same street; and, by the house numRubbing his fingers, still tingling

enjoy herself immensely at that gay bers, not far from the Stuart home, with the cold, he first called a messocial event. He was certain that where Mary McKean stayed. senger, then, in an inspired mood,

she could be her own sweet self In an instant Gordon was calling he typed out an answer to the letter and also an entirely "sophisticated"his old friend, Judge Landor, exof "Sweet and Sophisticated"personality there among the smartplaining to him his plan for the eveMary McKean.

est of the smart. ning, of his desire to meet Mary As the gorgon's-head doorIt was a nice point to prove. And McKean and to take her that night knocker sounded, the elderly lady

more and more Bruce desired to test to the Arts Masque Ball. of the house went to the door and

his theory. Of his own ability to Judge Landor, laughing in his from the doorway Judge Landor's

play the part of Mary McKean's booming voice, after assuring Gorrumbling voice speaking:

that the don he Stuarts knew Is and evening, Mrs. Stuart. "Good the night one escort"—for

well, at very Mary once McKean ready?"Mary at quite of sure was "perfectleast—Gordon

to agreed along go with to the them himself. matron's voice The answered

Arts the introand Masque make hallway, the from quickly, Turning at the he was ductions time. at unmasking Then in, please. will be "Come Mary deskphone, with Mary's address putting his Gordon through was presently."down calling him, before "Information."call. other "Lakewood"after Entering the judge, Bruce answer back: The came in curled Mary a was McKean with a black Gordon, domino mask "Lakewood '—The-r-ee—oh—oh chair, listening to low music over covering his eyes, looked up the—two—thr—the radio when Bruce Gordon's {Continued on page 57)

. ihsLQfaimkaL Apeda #

WORD OF WISDOM By M. J. MILES

Dixie Junior College

ACCEPTED BY FAITH IT WAS ALONE; NOW

GIVES SUPPORT. IT FURTHER history of science attests the ONCESCIENCEThedivine origin of our Word of

Wisdom. On the twentyseventh day of February, 1833, related the findings of various nonCtudies made by Bush* and others

Joseph Smith condemned the use of Mormon scientists which show that have shown that the tobacco user tobacco, alcoholic drinks, the then tobacco is definitely harmful to mandoes, however, receive enough nicocurrent hot drinks (tea and coffee), kind. tine to upset normal bodily funcoffered dietary suggestions, and The nicotine which tobacco contions, causing an increase in the rate

warned his followers against "detains is an interesting substance from of heart action, an increase in blood signing men."At that time there the chemical point of view. Being pressure, and considerable decrease

to conjustify thewas no evidence it alkaline, exists in tobacco as efficiency. salts in effect of mental The

Its demnation. "wisdom"was citric not of acids. other and During is relathe poison to the slow, due

it is today. obviousso as one No it is distilled the process of smoking, is tively small that actually amount claimcan Smith that Joseph of uttered out the tobacco as it is warmed effective, respects renand in many

this revelation on his own personal heat since of "smoking,"by the and cruel acthan the quick dered more forknowledge, of the knowledge is in nicotine the present the smoke is tion of a large dose. The result practicessubstances and condemned that portion goodly a know we of it often of a destruction noticeable

did not exist prior to the date of this escapes being or becoming burned health, financial coupled with and revelation. the butt condensed of the on end moral ruin. poisoning Acute from

At the time, all science was in its smoked article. Another poisonous nicotine causes vomiting, mental

infancy, and many fields of science alkaloid known as pyridine is also confusion, and convulsions. This

were not known. In 1833, chemists present in tobacco smoke. The nicoindicates on a large scale the effect

knew practically nothing of caffeine tine molecule contains as part of its of the minute doses that each cigand theobromine. No scientific study structure a molecule of pyridine and aret administers.

had been made of the physiological the presence of the latter in the evil of the tobacco whole habTheeffect alcohol. of ethyl Nicotine was is likely partial to due smoke deit is nicotine not due to alone. There indiscovered Posselt and 1828 by of the composition nicotine. of some ingredients are the many which but informationReimann, regardno in nicotine tobacco The smoke disto chemist has able not been itsing effects physiological was exists in extremely particles small cover. of use the tobacco Yet untilavailable his Haskell published to colloids. chemistry as known habit. create Therefore, does afindings in this at 1871. Chemists little particles These tendency have other ingredient remains some cleartime of no understanding had to settle or virtue coagulate the of by will discovered acto be whichatomic molecular concepts. and electric carry. charge they which for this count habitforming propthe of composition Even water had condition This possmoking makes is erty. that strong evidence There forbeen thirtythree only known it sible, because greatthe withholds this will narcotic ingredient a bebeyears. of science organic chemThe er portion of poison the confrom to class the longing of substances itsistry clothes shed swaddling had tact the smoker's with lungs and will alkaloids as resemand known fivebarely this to previous time years stream, thereby permitting blood the in ble, respects, other such many the demonstrated Woehlerwhen live finish pipe, user his tobacco to to nicotine, alkaloids strychnine, as to chemistry of createpower and cigar, is cigarette. or not This an It will etc. surprismorphine, not becontrol in involved the substances overstatement, nicotine the because

if isolate ing chemists ultimately"life science processes."of The is fully as as poisonous the deadly several alkaloids other 3 tobacco. fromdietetics just to beginning come was state, nicotine cyanide. the In pure plants alkaloids yielding Other are firstinto existence, as the experiis colorless, a liquid odorless and to as as twenproduce known many digestion thements of on foods were ten times as as than poisonous more different in plant. ty single poisons a eight previouslyperformed years by coniine, ingredithe deathdealing

inpyridine mentioned an as TheBeaumont. of the ent Socrates hemlock which of gredient the from tobacco smoke the the present time At wisdom others to have commit used and

is alkaloid poisonous a characterofbehind our Wisdom Word is suicide. tenthousandths an of Four

It a ized disagreeable odor. very bygreatly of the findings enhanced by is lethal nicotine dose, of ounce a 1 2 is at present time the widely usedscience. have and Oakes Widtsoe cigarette the contains yet average

to alcohol intolerable for render hu1Oakes. Weston, "Science and the Word of Wismore than ten times this amount.

dom,"a pamphlet published by Deseret News. *Bush, Arthur D., New York Medical Journal,

2Widtsoe, John A., The Improvement Era, 34:516 3Porter. C. W., The Carbon Compounds, Ginn and (1914) page 159. (Quoted by L. D. S. Social AdM931). Co., page 320, (1931). visory Committee.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

man use, and it is responsible for an hysteria as the patient recovers successful in many cases. It is not

the foul odor which some denatured consciousness. The peculiar behavsurprising that his attempts to realcohols have. Other substances ior of patients recovering from this store normal colloidal conditions in

have been reported as constituents gas has led to its designation as the nervous systems of his patients of tobacco5 smoke by various inves- "laughing gas."Even pure oxygen have failed in some cases, becausetigators. Among these substances under fairly high pressure will procertainly all mental diseases are not

are carbon monoxide, prussic acid, duce marked effects upon mental becolloidal, or, if colloidal, would not wood alcohol, arsenic, and ammonhavior. Other substances have been necessarily respond to sodium amyia. Scientific studies prove that tofound which are capable of restortal, sodium rhodanate, or other

bacco smoke is irritating, and a great ing the proteins of the mind to their chemicals which have thus far been deal of effort has been devoted to normal condition, and many cases tried.

searching for methods of treating of insanity have been cured or imNevertheless, Bancroft's theory the tobacco to free the smoke from offers a very plausible explanation its irritating ingredients. This probof the detrimental effect which ethyl

lem has thus far defied the best alcohol is known to have on the huchemical knowledge and skill. man nervous system. It is reported

Certain manufacturers have rethat some chemicals, such as mixcently made much of certain biologtures of gasoline with milk, which ical studies that indicated that cigseem to share with alcohol the power aret smoking raised the blood6 sugar to upset man's nervous or mental value. Bailey and Petre point out equilibrium, are also capable of afthat this claim has been refuted by fecting the colloidal protein disperDill, Edwards, and Forbes, 7 who sions of the brain.

have shown that the smoking of a Moreover, alcohol is a narcotic cigaret is without effect on the blood since it is poisonous, capable of prosugar, lactic acid, and respiratory ducing a craving for itself, and capquotient. able of producing a mental stupor.

Science has produced ample eviChemistry and Alcohol dence to show that alcohol is deciddetrimental to the edly body. human treatment with proved sodium by provided has muchChemistry cited studies have been Numerous or rhodanate. amytal sodium interthe to evidence condemn that, since by Oakes which show is substance another Alcohol alcohol.nal of Banuse Wilder D. first scientific the physiof the study mental produces abnormal whichcroft, old of "the physgrand man ological effect in alcohol of made is therefore, believed and,ical chemistry,"the behavior, of and one social host medical 1907, a and of the to brain colloids the upset of develgreat chemists,world's has tesavailable are data which now of state system. nervous and The insanity of a theory whichoped is tify alcohol that as "recognized is intoxicated state of being the belight interesting toseems an shed in of health destroyer a both mind ing unbalanced mentally rendered alcohol. effects internal of theon will a poison body, which and and action. the alcohol chemical by As attributes certain forms theoryThis all effects swiftly training of undo is eliminated, "sobers subject the to disease maladjust- a mentalof culture."and restored colloids are the because up"colloids of of nervous the thement

to, atsystem. least approximately, their "Hot Drinks"condition. It is known that the brain and normal

nervous system contain protein parRepeated applications of the alHThe presentday tendency to hurry ticles of colloidal size and nature. cohol does definite and permanent justifies our admonition to abFurther, many chemicals are capdamage to the mental equipment of stain from "hot drinks."Thousands

able of upsetting the normal state the alcohol addict, probably because gulp down their tea, coffee, cocoa, of these minute particles. When the colloids of the brain and nerves when it is painfully hot in order to

this occurs, mental health is imare not restored in perfect condition catch their car, get to work on time, paired. Several rather common after each "drunk."Each "spree"or what not. This is conducive to

chemicals are known to affect the leaves its scar on the mental furniburns on the lips and oral tissues mind. Early workers in plants proture of the drunkard, and the injury that are dangerous and attributed

ducing ethyl gasoline became vioof each is additive. Consequently, by some doctors to be the cause of

lently insane due to the tetraethyl- cases of mental unbalance due to cancer of the mouth.

alcohol of are not uncomthe use theirlead systems. these got into which that many of know We now All of grades mental off mon. contain injury widely found beverages used to wearThe effect was

as their bodies had time to dispose from this cause are undoubtedly chemicals that are dangerous to huof the poison. Other forms of menwith us, though we are seldom inman health. Coffee contains caffeine

tal disturbances have been proclined to admit that the mental powin amounts ranging from 0.5% to

until victim the ers are damaged in thiocyanates. caffeine with Various containsduced 1.5%. Tea

ill that mentally so commitofmixtures with becomes larger carbon monoxide amounts. somewhat Cocoa

other gases have produced peculiar ment to an institution is necessary. and chocolate contain a similar submental effects. The nitrous oxide As yet, the medical profession stance known as theobromine. Othused by the dentist to render his has not accepted all that Bancroft er injurious chemicals are also prespatient insensible to pain produces has had to say regarding8 his theory ent in the hot drinks tabooed by the

insanity. of Bancroft's chemical them of Wisdom. Among Word BBailey and Petre, Ind. Eng. Chem. 29, 16, treatment of the insane has been(January 1937). theophylline, tannic acid, adeand

eIbid. sJaffe, Bernard, Outposts of Science, Silver Burdett, (Concluded on page 53)

7DilI, Edwards, and Forbes, Am. J. Physiol.. (1935). Alexander, Colloid Chemistry. D. Van

109, 118, (1934). Nostrand Co. (1937), pages 301, 437, 438. 9Oakes, "Science and the Word of Wisdom.'

JhjL "BEFORE AND AFTER <& CHURCHWIDE BEAUTIFICATION

(ache Stake has been doing a good deal in the beautificaTION PROGRAM. We REPRODUCE HERE A FEW PHOTOGRAPHS

secured from Cache people showing "before"and "after"

CONTRASTS. We HOPE THEY WILL GIVE ENCOURAGEMENT AND

renewed incentive to the beautification cause throughout all our communities.

The photograph designated "b"is before and "a"after in each group.

A PRAYER FOR PEACE RAINBOW DAYS VOLCANO ABOVE THE PLAIN

By Lizzie O. Borgeson White By Luacine Fox By Harry Elmore Hard

are colors Days live in in, oh, Lord, the the people, Martinique, be ushered peace irrevocably Each tinged with the flame TT 7e,Let its individuality; round; world own Of whole is the world, while war, which Which

May strife and conflict be subdued, and love And against the sweeping pattern of its is the peak contour abound. Pelee, with sugargrown green Of Mount Shadows move

lives are cane, Men's milky films of memory precious in Thy sight—You And

all love us fertile terribly the Thrusts from upward Slip by.

Bring speedy peace upon the earth, and Some days are limpid plain

Satan's fall. Cool, serene. Of brotherhood where selfappointed seers

others, baking hot with thirsting And until fears our halfforgotten Cry peace, from wicked, selfish deeds, to Turn men anguish, slopes like quiescent lush with promise love; of works of richgreen zigzag flashings emoGrow With

May nations turn their thoughts to Thee, tion Of danger. Man, a victim of his hopes,

good Lord above. Needle darts of pain, surprise. Erects his dreams about the base of wrath

Prepare them to receive and serve a HeavAnd then, And builds his towering temples in the path

Sometimes, enly King lava, in to former which chant "Goodcomfort deep expansive of warm rose Of will Christ Send on earth to reign, dear Lord The satisfaction. Of let ring. freedom until terror to chill earth"comes new On life, once, in every But

There comes His heart to panic. "This horror cannot

One pure, clear day of white, be!"

clear and High still the poison sea The people THIS SNOW shout—but shining And breath Avalanches choking downward,

that, Lund Coles And By Christie cindered death, phosphoric fumes of With night creeps in, When '"P'here is peace in this snow, Then deepens to a cool, rich blue While in the sky the mushroom of their * Peace and new hope for a ravaged With silver stars. trust,

earth; Contracting, showers incandescent dust

So silently it falls, one would not know Upon the surface of a molten mass

The hour or moment of its prayerlike birth. Of crawling, cooling, cracking lavaglass.

There is hope in this hour:

The apple orchard and the golden glow

Of wheat fields shall be testament and flower THE COAT I'M GOING TO WEAR

Of the healing and the strength within this snow. By Alex Faddis

to a coat weaving wear some day, I'm it of thought. out I'm weaving And

WINTER'S KING The pattern my parents gave to me—

By Lila M. Bennett The kind that is never bought.

TJTail, King Winter, sage and hoary! I'mWithtakinggoldenmanydeedsa lovingto spare.thought,

How I love your sombre glory! I'm running them through the spinning

You are ruthless, strong, and raging wheel

When a blizzard you are staging. In weaving my coat to wear.

Ah! your breath is keen and stinging, I'll take some courage, a great deal of love

And your voice a bitter ringing. With confidence and cheer;

Frosty eyebrows, frosty beard, I'll weave them into the coat some place

I'll cast away all fear.And your tongue seems piercing—speared. But

Your laughter is both sharp and mocking,....,-,'. I'll persevere in faith and works

And your strength is really shocking. With an obedience that's rare,

SNOWFALL AT DUSK And I'll weave them into the warp and woof at timesBut your change manner, you Helen By McMahan the to I'm going wear. coat Of

mild, are a banner and hangAnd is world whole calm sparkling white, and blessed I'llOf fluffy the line white the smiles coat peace TheWhile with flakes Then many

As you don a robe of fleece. Come down as though each And with friendly deeds galore,

But I love you, wild or mellow, Knew its place And stitch the seams with sunny beams

Because of a previous That will last forever more.

Dear old crusty, blustering fellow! Rehearsal arranged

For this ritual of beauty And now, dear friends, I pray you,

And grace. Just listen to what I say

I to the end come of this mortal road

I will THEY'RE NICE ABOUT IT TheyIn billowypirouetteflight,earthward WhenThis coat put away.

By Lucretia Penny Like down, from the breast

Of a swan; Then some day in the future near

like giraffes, I think they're fine: They swarm, and they dance This coat I'll again put on.

I It has not turned their heads In the cold winter night It will be clean and sweet and a perfect

To know they can look down upon Frail ghosts of the leaves fit

All other quadrupeds! That are gone. On the Resurrection Morn!

WSf\urcOlovesLasMaVegas Bishop leased and Elder Jones reappointed as New Warehouse Planned

Called To Senate Post first and Oscar J. Hulet named as secFor Welfare Region

ond counselor to President Sargent.

"Dishop Berkeley L. Bunker of the Edward A. Parry was retained as stake X)lans are being formulated for con-

*"'Las Vegas Ward, son of pioneer clerk. struction of a new regional wareparents, has been appointed U. S. senhouse for the north Utah region in the

ator from Nevada to succeed the late Church Welfare Program. The wareKey Pittman, chairman of the Senate Frank Evans Assumes house will rise on property adjacent to

Foreign Relations Committee. Bishop Church Finance Position the present fourstake bishops'storeBunker, just thirtyfour, filled a mission house at 2030 Washington Boulevard

to the Southern States from 1930 to Crank Evans, prominent Utah atin Ogden. The new building is ex-

1 932 and has been continually active in torney and president of the Eastern pected to be ready for use this summer.

Church work. In 1933 he was married States Mission from 1937 to 1940, has

to Lucile Whitehead of Las Vegas. been appointed secretary for finance to Churchwomen Attend

They have a daughter, Loretta, three the First Presidency. He assumes the Centennial Congress

years old. duties performed by the late Arthur

At thirty years of age, Senator BunWinter in connection with all financial Attending the Women's Centennialker was elected to the Nevada State matters of the Church. Congress, which was held at the

Assembly. Elected for a second term, Elder Evans brings to his new posiWaldorf-Astoria in New York City

in 1939, he was made speaker of the tion a great deal of valuable experience. beginning November 25, were President

lower house. He has taught school and was at one Amy Brown Lyman of the National

Senator Bunker is ninth child in a time superintendent of Summit County Woman's Relief Society and Lucy family of ten, the son of Martin A. and schools. Later he studied law and atGrant Cannon, President of the Young

the late Helen E. Bunker. His grandtended the University of Chicago. Women's Mutual Improvement Assofather, Edward Bunker, intrepid Utah From 1915 to 1917, he was a member of ciation. Representatives from every

pioneer, founded Bunkerville, Nevada. the Utah state senate. He saw service state and from many foreign lands were

with the Red Cross both in the United present at the meet, at which were reStates and France during the World viewed the accomplishments of women

Division Creates New War. since the beginning of their emancipaWard in Cottonwood A specialist in the field of cooperative tion a hundred years ago and at which

laid plans to secretary has been marketing, and he remove further diswere Mill division of the Creek criminations. the counsel of general American Farm into Stake, Cottonwood Ward,"Decent with headquarters Federation, Bureau another sections addedeast west and in Chicago, Herbert under and Visit Architects Los increasing steadily numthe tomember administration appointed Hoover's was Site Angeles Temple in the Church.ber of wards the Board, Federal of a Farm member

William W. Liddle was named bishserving in Washington, D. C, for nearly /"Commissioned to make preliminaryop of the eastern division, which will two years. Elder Evans is senior austudies at the site of the temple to

retain the old ward name. Appointed thor of a legal text on cooperative be built on the Santa Monica Bouleto serve as counselors were Wendell marketing, titled The Law of AgricuU vard in Los Angeles, Lorenzo S. Young,

L. Cottrell and Melvin J. Burt, with tutal Cooperative Marketing, which is Ramm Hansen, Georgius Y. Cannon,

Gotfred Stein as ward clerk. used in colleges and by attorneys speand John Fetzer, members of the board

Cyrus S. Walters was set apart as cializing in that field. of temple architects, recently combishop of the western division, to be pleted a series of test bores to deterknown as Valley Center. Leonard mine the character of subsoil, investiCroxford, David H. Newman, and Algated earthquake potentialities, and

ma Little have been named respectiveplanned landscaping and architectural ly as first and second counselors and features for the temple and its suras ward clerk. roundings.

New Presidency Formed Democracy Becomes Study in Parowan Stake Topic in Church Schools

D avidogy L.andSargent,agricultureprofessorand chairmanof biol- *A basisspecialof democracy"course on "thewill bespiritualsponof the agriculture division at the sored by the Church Department of

Branch Agricultural College in Cedar Education along with its regular weekCity, was sustained in November as day program of religious education.

president of the Parowan Stake, sucPurpose of the course is to lead students ceeding William R. Palmer, for whom to an appreciation of the rights and

the change marked completion of privileges enjoyed under the American twenty years'service as a member of form of government and to promote in the Parowan Stake presidency, fifteen the students an attitude of loyalty, serof them as president. vice, and hard work for its defense.

Under the direction of Elders Joseph Three pamphlets—"Your Rights Un-

F. Merrill of the Council of the Twelve der the Constitution,""The United

and Antoine R. Ivins of the First CounStates Flag,"and "Mormon Youth and

cil of Seventy, counselors W. Arthur Our Government"—are being sent to

Jones and L. E. Tueller were also reFRANK EVANS twenty thousand students of high

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

school age in the seminaries of five western states and five thousand college students enrolled in institutes and colleges maintained by the Church.

L. D. S. Hospitals

Make Improvements "Demodeling and renovating of the

Churchowned Dee Hospital in Ogden has included enlargement and improvement of kitchens, diningrooms, and staff quarters, installation of a new ice plant, and renovation of the receiving department. Rooms on the east side

MISSIONARY HOME SALT FOR FROM LAKE THE LEAVING MISSIONARIES THE floorlower of the building have been 28 NOVEMBER ARRIVED NOVEMBER FIELDIS—DEPARTED level. to floordropped Coates, Fowley, row: LaVar Eldon Dean Don B. Colton, Reading to right, first from left At the Groves L. D. S. Hospital in Maudie Robinson, Gladys Stoker, Beth Markham, Doyle Richards, Eldren Butler, Jerome R. Johnson.Mary Duke,

Salt Lake City, $50,000 was spent for NormaSecondHansen,row:DorothyRobertAnderson,H. Graham,ClaireLeonVan B.Dam,Black,VernGrantRingwood,L. Judd,LynnBettySmith.Ann McKenzie, Hazel Andersen,

improvements during 1940, including Third row: Rex K. Crane, Blake J. Anderson, Richard B. Stephen, Avard W. Booth, Max Milligan, Alta

chiefly modernization of the kitchen. Valberg,FourthOdessarow:Ford,WayneErnestBellows,Max JohnEngeman,Jacob RodneyVan Leeuwen,Alsop, Wm.BernellE. Hales,Berrett,Jr.,instructor.Sylvester Hart, Florence

Plans as approved at the annual meetTucker, Evert Gale Martin, Ralph Clavin Memmott, Richard Melvin Mecham, Ernest Cook, Thomas Donald ing of the hospital board call for enHunsaker.Fifth row: R. W. Christensen, Melvin L. Smith, Stanley L. Udall, Frank W. Jackson, Alice Briggs, Lynn

larging the X-ray department and for Nelson, Cleveland Cook, Adrain Neilson, Emory Neal Benson, Newell Bastian.

remodeling in several divisions. Clyde SixthD. Tidwell,row: ArthurRobert Campbell,T. Macdonald,Max J.EldredFenn,Johnson,James T.PaulCrowther,Merrill,LewisJr., T.RobertPatterson,WalterRolandAnderson.N. Wille,

Ward Makes Bricks As Dean T.SeventhKunz,row:GaylordAftonWhitney,Ploock, HowardLyle Bunker,Smith,RonaldMerrillHutchison.Bushnell, Charles Esplin, LaMar Sayer, Keith Merrill,

Major Welfare Project Astin, EighthMiltonrow:D. Rogers,Leon Judd,GordonJackW. Lyon,Mitchell,KennethFred Baugh,W. Hunzeker,Merlon C.RaymondChristensen,W. Fritsch.Harland S. Russon, Rufus B.

R. Moore, Meeks, P. Christensen, Calvin Ray Claud H. Hansen, Wells Harvey Haws, Kent row: Ninth as began project to a ward\17hat

Ellison. Henrie, Peterson, E. John Armstrong Hansen, George Abel John VeH Norman

for bricks an addition v "make Bradford, Sleight, Philip Clive Ovid row: L. Farnsworth, M. Burton Loyd A. Smith, to Fielding,Tenth Bushman,

Hallstrom. J. L. Gunn, Emerson

Jarvis, Taylorthe Blanding chapel has now become a R. SearsEleventhHintze,row:ElliotCharlesHowe,EugeneRichardBusath, Leemajor Welfare undertaking, according M. Winegar, Wendell Blackburn Cheney, Henry M. Schumann,JohnHermanA. Neal,W. NewellJepsen, MillerDerrahWashburn,Bybee Wiggill,Wayne

to Bishop John D. Rogers. Bricks Eldredge R. Shakespear, Eldon Wesley Hughes.

formerly shipped 325 miles from Salt

Lake to Blanding now are being "homemade"and sold to the community.

From eighty to one hundred thousand bricks have already been burned ready for use. Actually twice that number

have been made, but heavy rains washed them away before they reached the kilns for burning.

Brickmaking is considered by the

Blanding people an ideal Welfare Plan activity because it requires little skill and not more physical effort than can be exerted by old men or young boys, or persons physically handicapped. MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED DECEMBER 2—DEPARTED DECEMBER 12

First row: J. Clair Kendall, James Duersch, Holley, Lenore Colton, Alma B. Norma McKinney, DonMissionaries Return

Wilkins, From Ruth Clarence Afton M. Hill, Walder, Haws. De Guy VarSouth Africa, Tahiti Second Draper, row: Miland Lester G. Alvin Martin, Burton, W. Whetten, W. Taylor, Wilma Ada

"Decalled in accordance with the reRoweneThirdRobinson,row: ThoraJames Pearce,C. Hansen,ShirleyJamesHoyt,V. WayneTerry, CharlesFrank S.Dalton,Hardy, WilliamOrville C.P. Holmes.Allen, C. Lowell Mecham,

Lova Tolman, Glen Spencer Beck, Richard Tracy, Rudie Shobaken. Audun Woodrow cently decision announced of the

row: Fourth Anglesey, Walter Merle Chancy Dean Garner, Belnap, Wendell T. Dale Walters, ElizabethFirst Presidency to confine missionary Welker, Bassett, Lewis Shinell Jensen, Grant Williams, Dee M. Harris, Verl F. Scott.

L. Fifth row: Alvin Jos. Davidson, A. Bailey, Crae Wilson, Hugh Bigelow Richard Grant Hodson,labors to W. the Americas and the HaMelvin J. P. Leavitt, Jackson, William Allen C. Williams, Lawrence Berrett. Angerbauer, Wm. E Islands,waiian thirtythree Elders L. Sixth row: Jr., Albert Egbert, Verl Simpson, Louis P. B. Bouddren, W. Lee Arnold Maughan, Lora

Huff, Erskine, Maxwell Elkins, G. R. Wallace Douglas David Farrow, J. Wells, R. Groberg. Johnfrom African the South Mission arrived

Seventh row: Robert Russell J. Cox, McDonald, Franklin V. Nebeker, Garth L. Gehring, Ashton L.in City, Jersey December Smith, A. Hansen, George Leonard New Jersey, Johnson, Haws Frederickson, C. Grant Easton Sampson.

row: Eighth Philip Dean Muir, A. Smith, Leath Cluff, Lorenzo Y. Finlinson, Crossley, R. Raymond the I, aboard President second Polk,

Carl Mecham, Quentin West, Milton Alvin M. Romney, F. Elwood Stewart, Ray Summers. to arrivegroup the -Pacific area: from Ninth row: Reynold Bareman, Finley Reid Hendrix, W. L. Varsel Chlarson, Crosby, E. Lonnie Wm.

Ernest Lloyd E. Bradshaw, Dahl, Nephi George, E. Grant Moody, Bringhurst. Junemissionaries Australia, from ZeaNew row: Tenth Lawrence Roe, Sanders, Melvin Squire, DeLance E. Peterson, Sterling J. Durrant, Le Royland, Samoa, and reached Tonga A. San Glenn Snarr, Alley, Gerry Fletcher, Norman Bluth. Mac

Eleventh row: Richard early inFrancisco November.

Jr., Norman McKee, ShermanI. Jorgensen,Smith.Norman M. Adams, W. Clem Utley, D. Platte Woodland, Herman

9, three additional Green, On December

Elders from Samoa and one from

Australia arrived in San Francisco Names of Elders involved in the Transferred to Central States Mission:

aboard the Monterey, and on December current transfers follow: Carlyle B. Eyre, Cowley, Wyoming; TerII, the entire contingent of missionaries rell R. Woodmansee, Rexburg, Idaho.

from Tahiti, accompanied by President From the South African Mission

Transferred States: to Eastern Richard Sisterand arrived Eugene Cannon, M. Released: Richfield, Harold E. Larsen, F. L. Chatterley, Thorley and Cedar Jayat the coast the 5. 5. Lurline. port on Utah; Quentin Preston, E. Crockett, Idaho; City, Scott Utah; Whitaker, Los M. AnFacing the prospect of a six months'J. Keith Hansen, Bear River, Utah; King geles; Harold S. Barnes, Jr., Salt Lake;

S. Udall anddelay before they could passage book

Max theon calling few steamers W.PhilSimkins,C. Dana,Springville,Phoenix,Utah;AriWilliamSeare, SaltW.Lake.Heal, Provo, Utah; Richard A. at Tazona; now

Leslie Beer, Centerville, Utah; S. W. Jayhiti, there Elders chartered a hundredBroadbent, Provo, Utah; B. States: Robert Harold DougEngland M. BerNew Tofoot trading motored for the schooner las, Walter B. Garrisk, Cornish, geson, Donald M. Lewis, Utah; Kirkham, Oscar N.

fifteenday to journey Hawaii, where Sidney Badger, all V. Gail and C. Meier, Eldredge, Richard and N. G. Sharp, John

they boarded the Lurline. of Salt Lake City. of Salt Lake. (Continued on page 34)all

fcdti&riaL

their iniquities shall be spoken upon the housetops,

AOfUL and their secret acts shall be revealed."( Doctrine

A time of year's ending and year's beginning and Covenants 1:2 and 3.)

comes again to remind us of many things. The Since there is no way of permanent escape in the

settlement it brings seems somehow to be a foretaste lives of men and nations, we say to all: Face the

of that inevitable settlement which awaits us all issues of life as they come; pay the price, whatever

but which many would hope to escape. it is; spurn the postponement of obligations; clean

The spirit of escape seems to have come to dwell house; make peace with your conscience, and build

among us. Perhaps it has always been present, but on sound foundations for that future wherein no

the tenseness of our times makes it more apparent. mistakes have yet been made. For all who do this,

There are many who seem to want to escape reality; the onward march of the years is not a foreboding

to postpone the day of settlement; to prefer present procession, but rather a sequence of events that

pleasure to future happiness; to escape the concarries its lessons and its blessings into the present

sequences of their own mistakes; to escape personal and the future, and leaves its debts and its mistakes

behind.—/?. L.. obligations; to escape public responsibility.

There are some who seek to escape by borrowing rather than face the restrictions of a sound economy. JIua. (DjCU

There are some who would rather mortgage the "M[ew Year's Day signifies usually a need to make future than curtail their appetites. There are some resolutions for better living, for wiser exwho count heavily on mercy and the opportunpenditure of time and money, for kindlier treatment

ities of the moment, rather than on justice and of family and friends. However, few of us tend to

the certain reckoning of the future. Some have realize that each day is part of a new year. Each

become morally and materially and spiritually inday in itself partakes of the nature of a new year solvent—bankrupt, both in the things of this world when we arise with a full determination to make it

and in those things which pertain to that which a little better than the day before. It is only when

lies beyond—and rather than face the facts and we do not make this day that is ours a bit better

pay the price and begin again on humble but subthan the day before that we fail to live as we should.

stantial foundations, they prefer continuing on borneed to close our eyes to the mistakes of yesrowed time, always with the shadow of inevitable We consequences hanging over them, but never lookterday, to the sorrows, to the dead dreams. We

ing at things quite squarely. need, however, to remember the unaccomplished

ideals, for they will buoy us and carry us into the

No doubt there would be less of the spirit of new day with purposefulness. We need not conescape if we could bring ourselves to the realization sider the troubles that tomorrow may bring. In the

that there is no such thing as permanent postponeliving of a full today, doing our best, trying to attain ment. Retribution cannot forever be outdistanced. a little nearer to our goal, we shall grow and prepare

The judgments of men may be slow—but they are for that tomorrow with its unsolved problems.

sure, and even more so are the judgments of God.

As we consider the new year, therefore, let us No one was ever able to cheat at anything permaresolve that this day, and each day thereafter, we nently. No one has even been able to postpone shall try to build a little closer to our dream of what

a time of reckoning forever—even though he dewe wish to become. We shall study a little more;

parted this life before he faced the facts. For it is we shall be better neighbors; we shall become

written: "Verily the voice of the Lord is unto all truer Latterday Saints. In fact, this day is our day.

men, and there is none to escape; and there is no It is our opportunity to approach nearer to that

eye that shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, ideal of which the Christ spoke when He said, "Be neither heart that shall not be penetrated. And the ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven

rebellious shall be pierced with much sorrow; for is perfect."M. C. J.

hold the title "prophet, seer, and revelator"it follows that the "power and authority"thus repreEvidences and sented are called into action by appointment from the President of the Church, otherwise there might be a conflict of authority. This is well illustratedreconciliations in the practice of the Church. For example, a man

may be ordained a High Priest, an office in which xxxiiL. What i&. Uul Wsjamnq. theonlyrightwhenof calledpresidencyto do isso.inherent,It is evenbut sohe withpresidesthe

i& iPuL JUIsl, "(pJwphct, S&jl?l, exerciseThe threeof authorityseparateundertitles inthesethe othergeneralsacredtitlestitles.have

and, dbw&lcdxfc'? muchare differencesthe same sufficientlymeaning in importantpopular usage,to justifyyet theretheir

use.

HThe President of the Church is always sustained A prophet is a teacher. That is the essential

by the people as "Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, meaning of the word. He teaches the body of

and President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattruth, the Gospel, revealed by the Lord to man;

terday Saints."This is in compliance with the and under inspiration explains it to the understandrevealed word of God. The first revelation reing of the people. He is an expounder of truth.

ceived by Joseph Smith after the organization of Moreover, he shows that the way to human hapthe Church on April 6, 1830, specifically declares piness is through obedience to God's law. He calls

that "there shall be a record kept among you; and to repentance those who wander away from truth.

in it thou shalt be called a seer, a translator, a He becomes a warrior for the consummation of the prophet, an apostle of Jesus Christ, an elder of the Lord's purposes with respect to the human family.

church through the will of God, the Father, and The purpose of his life is to uphold the Lord's plan the grace of your Lord Jesus Christ."(Doc. & of salvation. All this he does by close communion

JZav. 21:1.) with the Lord, until he is "full of power, even the

This was reiterated by revelation in 1835: "The spirit of the Lord."(Micah 3:8; see also Doc. &

President of the office of the High Priesthood is to Cov. 20:26; 34:10; 43:16.)

preside over the whole church,... yea, to be a The teacher must learn before he can teach.

seer, a revelator, a translator, and a prophet, having Therefore, in ancient and modern times there have all the gifts of God which he bestows upon the head been schools of the prophets, in which the mysteries of the church."(Doc. & Cov. 107:91, 92); and of the Kingdom have been taught to men who would

was further restated in 1841: "I give unto you my go out to teach the Gospel and to fight the battles

servant Joseph to be a presiding elder over all my of the Lord. These "prophets"need not be called

church, to be a translator, a revelator, a seer, and a to an office; they go out as teachers of truth, always

prophet."(Doc. and Cov. 124:125.) and everywhere.

In current practice, the word "translator"is In the course of time the word "prophet"has omitted, since, through revelation, the President of come to mean, perhaps chiefly, a man who receives the Church may at any time be called to the special revelations and directions from the Lord. The

labor of translation. principal business of such a prophet has mistakenly

The counselors to the President and the Council been thought to foretell coming events, to utter of the Twelve Apostles and the Presiding Patriarch prophecies, which is only one of the several proare also sustained as "prophets, seers, and revephetic functions.

lators."This conforms to the Priesthood conferred In the sense that a prophet is a man who receives

upon them, and to their official calling in the Church. revelations from the Lord, the titles "seer and

That others than the president may hold these exrevelator"merely amplify the larger and inclusive alted titles also conforms to the revealed word of meaning of the title "prophet."Clearly, however,

God. For example, speaking of Hyrum Smith: "I there is much wisdom in the specific statement of

appoint unto him that he may be a prophet, and a the functions of the prophet as seer and revelator, seer, and a revelator unto my church."(Doc. and as is done in the conferences of the Church.

Cov. 124:94.) A seer is one who sees with spiritual eyes. He

On March 27, 1836, at the dedication of the perceives the meaning of that which seems obscure

Kirtland Temple the authorities of the Church were to others; therefore he is an interpreter and clarisustained: "I [Joseph Smith] made a short adfier of eternal truth. He foresees the future from

dress, and called upon the several quorums, and the past and the present. This he does by the

all the congregation of Saints, to acknowledge the power of the Lord operating through him directly,

Presidency as Prophets and Seers and uphold them or indirectly with the aid of divine instruments by their prayers.... I then called upon the quosuch as the Urim and Thummim. In short, he is

rums and congregation of Saints to acknowledge one who sees, who walks in the Lord's light with the Twelve, who were present, as Prophets, Seers, open eyes.

Revelators, and special witnesses to all the nations A revelator makes known, with the Lord's help, of the earth holding the keys of the Kingdom, to something before unknown. It may be new or forunlock it, or cause it to be done, among them, and gotten truth, or a new or forgotten application of

uphold them by their prayers."(History of the known truth to man's need. Always, the revelator

Church 2:417.) deals with truth, certain truth ( Doc. & Cov. 1 00: 1 1

When others besides the President of the Church and always it comes with (Concluded on page 56)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

The Church Moves On PetersonRexburgsucceedsFirst Ward,N. LeslieRexburgAndrus. Stake, view,soula, Montana;Utah; VirginiaLaMont Chatelain,H. Briggs, NorthFairSalt succeeds Morrell Mariner D. Lake; Utah; A. Ogden, Clyde C. Child, Hugh Continued from page 3 1 Curtis, Solomonville, Wright. Arizona; Kennedy W.

States: Grant B. Shaw, To Northern( Stake, Edgehill Idaho; ChrisHighland C. Fairbanks, Weiser, Ward, G. H. Joseph

Ogden, Utah; Robert Q. Shupe, Phoenix, Parker, succeeds George L. Nelson. tie L. Hermansen, Ely, Nevada; Richard

Arizona; Leland W. Redd, LaSal, Utah. Emerson Ward, Highland Stake, Lynn S. Hunt, Hunt, Arizona; Juliet Jensen, RexTo Northwestern States: Norman S. R. Fairbanks succeeds David G. Emery. burg, Idaho; Thomas M. Jones, Hooper,

Howells, Salt Lake; Francis G. Tate, Taylorsville Ward, Cottonwood Stake, Utah; Victor F. Larson, Magrath, Canada;

Sandy, Utah. Abram Barker succeeds Joseph S. Bennion. Glen T. Nelson, Smithfield, Utah; Nephi

To Southern States: Newel S. Black, H. Nielsen, Monroe, Utah; Ross D. NielPeoa, Marchant, Utah; Preston T.Kanosh, B. sen, Riverton, Palmer, Utah; Lehi Mesa, Roll Call of Missionaries Salt Lake. C. Knudsen,Utah; John Bear Arizona; Rasmussen, Elva River June Honorably Released Mission Tahitian theFrom City, Utah; Utah; Rees, D. Morgan, George

Mrs. President and Eugene Released: Slade, Farmington, Mrs. Brady Fay of are missionaries New names "pOLLOWiNG

City; Salt Melvin D. Lake Cannon,M. Slade, Victor Farmington, Mexico; A. New in 1940, October, completed *"who Richfield, Utah.Christensen, Elsinore, Sylvester, Mexico; C. Evelyn their of service to period the voluntary Mission: California BraegDelmar To Falls, F. Utah; Idaho Taylor, Howard

fields. in various mission Also Church Price, Salt Utah;ger, Providence, Norman Salt Idaho; Lake; Arthur Thomson, Melba

L. Randall, City; Ogden, are several included not prenames HowardLake Lewiston, Van Orden, Utah; Raymond W.

Idaho; Malad,Utah; Ralph J. Richards, viously reported since bethis column Utah. S. Wright, Jr., Ogden,

Springville, Sanford, Utah; D.Frank RayStates: in Southern the R. Brown. Eta. Ashgan Wayne

Ririe, Idaho. Young,mond W. hurst, Arizona; Edith Chadwick, American Argentine: E. Moffett, Oren Ogden, Mission: Haslem, Texas Dean To W. Salt Fork, Utah; Duehlmeier, Fred Lake; H. Utah. B. Idaho; StanleyShelley, Vance, Sandy, Farr, S. Arizona; Albert Minnie Mesa, California: Blanche Cardon, Logan, Lehi, Peterson, L. Eldon Utah;Utah; A. Flake, Tooele, Utah; Gowans, A. Ross Utah; C. Coleman, City, Frank Spring Shelley, Peterson, Idaho.Yale Griffiths, Phoenix, Arizona; M. Joseph Utah; Pearl Vernal, Charles Dudley, Utah; Mission: L. Halverson, Hawaiian Ray To Bend, Oregon; G. Hansen, Leo American Leavitt, Leavitt, D. Canada; Lucy Ann City.Salt Lake Falls, Idaho; Jones, Harry Lubbock, O. Seattle, Washington. Vaughn, the Mission SamoanFrom Utah; Vernal, Texas, Merkley, Calvin Eva Brazilian: St. Brooks, Grant L. George, States: Butler, Northwestern John To W. S. Merrill, Safford, Arizona; C. Howard Utah; Robinson, Howard American W. Arizona; Livingston, D.Eager, FounVan Salt Tate, Lake; Tabiona, Glen D. Webb, Fork, Utah.tain Utah; Price, Green, Burton Salt H. Utah. Christensen, Canadian: Afton Raymond, City.Lake IdaTexas: Rexburg, R. Brown, Myron City, Salt Canada; Ralph T. Howes, Lake the Australian MissionFrom ho; Evans, Utah; Mt. Emmons, Woodward Utah; Jenkins, Utah; Murray, George W. Holton, Ralph released. Ogden, G. Utah, City, William Utah. Thayne, H. Brigham Lenz, C. DelGlenwood, August Canada;

States: Western Cooley, Grant New- W. Utah. Young, Ogden, mar J.Bishops, Presiding ton, Petty, Utah; Nephi, Barbara Jean States: Central Hamilton, A. Sugar LloydElders Appointed Utah; E. Claresholm, William Toone, City, Idaho; Boise, Idaho; Helen Hughes,

Hillspring Ward, Alberta Stake, Glen Grace Olsen, Salt Lake; Mae Anna SorCanada.

Fisher succeeds Wallace Hurd. ensen, Salt Lake. Hawaiian Elders Conduct

St. Charles Bear L. Stake, Lake States: Ward, East Central Reeves Brady, MaCounty Fair ExhibitBurdette succeeds Pugmire A. Colorado; nassa, Henry MonGlenn B. Greenwood,

son. American Fork, Utah. "POLLOWING the example set by the

Milford Ward, Beaver Stake, Laurence New England: Vera Howard, Woods Church in its exhibits in the San

Peterson succeeds Alvin H. Baker. Cross, Utah; Glenda Richardson, Mesa, Francisco and New York fairs, the

Big Stake, Arizona; Horn Byron Ward, Tanner, Maurice Ruth Orlee Rigby, District of the Idaho. Maui Mission Hawaiian

F. succeeds Zealand: LeSueur. MalcolmJensen Milton Baumgartner, A. New held exhibit in an the County Maui Pella Salt Stake, Burley E. Lake. Ward, John Bowen Fair in 1940. October, the Although Coltrin.succeeds States: Central Ira H. North S. Peterson, Hilmer

Oasis Ward, Deseret Stake, Lars Hansen Roosevelt, Utah; Val E. Rigby, Lewiston, size of the Maui Fair could not be comsucceeds J. Val Styler. Utah. pared with its gigantic relatives on the

Twelfth Ward, Emigration Stake, Francis Northern States: Samuel F. Curtis, Solmainland, still much good was accom-

A. Madsen succeeds Howard H. Hale. omonville, Arizona; Mrs. Julia S. Hawkins, plished by the exhibit, which was planCalifornia; Beach, Granite Stake, Long Hawthorne Ward, Vern Roe Charles Hawned, constructed, the conducted and by

kins, California; Beach, Frederick succeeds MillardB. E. D. Long John John- H. Curtis. missionaries. Maui Preston, son, Idaho; Staples, Stake, Lincoln Madeline Granite L. Charles Ward, Mein Because located the the booth was sa, Arizona; Wolters, Salt B. succeeds Lake. Royal V. Willard Richards,Snelgrove Jr.

Lincoln Ward, Idaho Falls Stake, Morgan SpanishAmerican: Edith Ball, Rigby, Junior Division of the Fair, a youth

Haroldson succeeds Hans F. Jensen. Idaho; John E. Cummings, Salt Lake; Jotheme was carried out. Pictures exTorrance Ward, Inglewood Stake, Wilseph W. Dudley, Malad, Idaho; Sue Carplaining the story of the M. I. A. proford H. Newland succeeds David J. Rosmen Jennings, Lame Deer, Montana; Hargram were attractively displayed. Also

siter. old J. Packer, Safford, Arizona; Adrienne decorating the walls were scenic picGrantsville, Willis, E. Utah. Pleasant Stake, Ward, View Malad tures periodically of Utah, each and

States: Northwestern L. Allred, Ernest succeeds IsaacThorpe JosephThomas M. slides day, colored displayed of were Lehi, Belnap, Blackfoot, Utah; Idaho;son. Ira G.

Ogden Third Ward, North Weber Stake, Joseph R. Bills, Payson, Utah; Rula BlatUtah, and the story of Mormonism preJesse H. Draper, second counselor, temter, Chinock, Montana; Grant M. Bowler, sented by the Elders. The booth was

porarily appointed to succeed Myron B. Logandale, Nevada; Margaret Boyce, Misalways filled with interested people.

Richardson, deceased. Elder D. James Cannon.

West Warren Branch, North Weber {Continued on page 52)Stake, Ernest W. Cardon succeeds Thomas Imm

W. Barrow.

Redwood Ward, Pioneer Stake, Oliver

C. Pederson appointed to succeed Delbert

H. Giles, former president of Pioneer

Branch. MISSION EXHIBIT AT THE

Richfield Second Ward, Sevier Stake, MAUI COUNTY FAIR, HAWAII.

Wallace H. Sorenson succeeds LeGrand C.

Frank.

Clover Ward, Tooele Stake, Merlin M.

Johnson succeeds John W. Green.

Belvedere Ward, Wells Stake, Clarence

E. Schank succeeds Richard A. Brower.

Benjamin Ward, Nebo Stake, Eugene

Hansen succeeds Paul E. Ludlow.

Lyman Ward, Rexburg Stake, Angus sli

HjtfBoofiHacK BURIED EMPIRES OF ships of pioneer life. Through spiritual makes them and what breaks them, the story

SOUTH AMERICA experiences he was given a testimony of of Americanism and what it meant before (William and Dewey Farnsworth, the truth of the Gospel which ever remained too many of us softened. Our Common

Farnsworth Brothers, P. O. Box 482, with him and guided his actions. He turned Herd is fascinating reading and strong mediEl Paso, Texas. Also at Deseret Book his attention to mining, informed himself cine for our generation. Sue Sanders has

Company, Salt Lake City, $1.00.) about mining matters, and when he found done well with her life, and she has done

"what he felt was an excellent piece of well with this book, both as a literary '"P'his is probably the finest available colmineral ground"he set to work to develop effort and as a sermon that is easy to

J- lection of dependable pictures of South it. His impression proved to be correct. take and hard to forget. We can state

American antiquities. It contains a sucWealth flowed to him rapidly and in large that we were entertained and challenged

cession of almost unbelievable pictures. amounts. and stimulated by the reading of Our ComThere is a great wall with a chain of forts The use that he made of his great means mon Herd with a conviction that few books

running over valleys and mountains, cities shows that he looked upon himself only as have called forth from us of late, and we of large proportions, gems of architecture the steward of the wealth showered upon hope many others will share our experience.and sculpture, stone wheels showing the use him. Over and over again, sometimes to—R. L. E.

of the wheel in ancient America, excellent his own loss, he undertook ventures for the roadways, beautiful golden ornaments, and benefit of his toiling brethren and sisters. MRS. MINIVER

numerous other things of equal interest. Not only mining, but farming, ranching, (Jan Struther. Harcourt, Brace and

There is also a picture of the recently found home manufacturing, merchandizing, bankCompany, New York, 1940.

tribe of white Indians. A carefully made, ing, and many other ventures were fostered 288 pages. $2.00)

explanatory text accompanies the pictures. by the Knight millions to the permanent

The book demonstrates beyond cavil that benefit of Utah, other states, Canada, and Mrs. Miniver is one of the most delight-

a highly developed civilization existed in South America. Likewise, he dealt generful persons to step from the pages of

ancient America. All Latterday Saints, ously with many who were seeking to estab- a book in recent years. And the reason

believers in the Book of Mormon, will be lish themselves; he responded to the call of for her deserved popularity is that she is

interested in'this volume, and intrigued by his Church for aid; and gave most liberally so much like other women the world over.

it. It is beautifully printed by Stevens and to the cause of education through the BrigShe goes to the dentist, does Christmas

Wallis, Inc. This collection is really a ham Young University. In all this he was shopping, entertains, just as any normal

continuation of the book, Grandeur of Anaided wisely, steadily, and faithfully by his person does, but she has (probably we cient America, by the same authors, which devoted wife, Amanda McEwen Knight. He should say, the author) such a verve for

deals with the antiquities of Mexico and became recognized as a man in whom greatexpressing how she does all these things

CentralWe congratulateAmerica. William J. and Dewey nesshim lovinglydwelt; andas "Uncle"the wholeJessestateKnight.spokeTheof thatHerto threemeet herchildrenis to loveshouldher.also be menFarnsworth upon the production of these simplicity, generosity, and unwavering detioned, for they are the kind that make the

helpful volumes, and hope that they may votion to the cause of truth of this distinreader fall in love with their own children soon find time to add another volume dealing guished man and his wife were certificates all over again—to say nothing of the hushis figure has maintained Clem, of the noble nature understood and esteemed band, whowith North American antiquities.—J. A. W. looks, in spite of his years. all. and his by

A VISIT TO THE HOLY LAND This fascinating life story, with its many Mrs. Miniver restores the reader's faith

(Dr. Thomas C. Romney. The Chrisdetails of interest, and the story of Jesse's in humanity—and in good novels. M. C. /.

topher Publishing House, 1940.) wife, have been well told in this book

Knight. son, Jesse's second Willam Jesse JACOBY'S CORNERS is personally a conductedThis Mifflin (Jake Falstaff. sketches biographical also Houghton contains book tour Theby interesting of the through most some filial fine, It pages. Boston, 1940. 242 children. Company, the of Knight is a

Palestine,countries Syria, world: of the $2.50.) tribute valuable splendid a to and a

Italy. In Greece, each and Turkey,Egypt, to lifehistory.—-/. contribution A. Western W. cider the of a draft as apple notable places the andcountry monumost Refreshing

this interpreted. the described into are introduces which authorments and The VALLEY OF HERITAGE THE nostalgic his of passes eyes observing has novel farmingauthor boyhood, and on Pruitt Beattie, Helen (George William

is familiar in sees to language a delightful he and throwbackthat which this book days 1939. Press, Beattie. Pasqual San solid style, alvirtues with often to eloquence andeasy when and be admired were pages. $5.00.) if 459 feels until diligently. the story, as intimately, the deals reader sought In whichways

he, also, is one of the travelers. THIS is a welldocumented history of the with the visit of Lemuel Hayden to his

Since Dr. Romney is a trained historian, San Bernardino Valley, that chronicles maternal grandparents at Jacoby's Cornhe sets forth, in addition, the historical backone of the colorful movements in the winners, the author in this posthumous volume

ground and meaning of every point of inning of the west in an unbiased manner and has condensed much of his own philosophy terest. This makes this a unique travel book with a moving human interest. Thirteen and wisdom and geniality to make a tender,

and doubles its value. It is an entertaining chapters, comprising 140 pages, are given whimsical, and altogether loveable novel.

and informative book, which will be enover to a discussion of what the authors—M. C. /.

joyed by all who are interested in the Holy call "The Mormon Period"which is of interest of the Church WRITING much to members AS A HOBBYLand and adjoining countries.-—/. A. W.

(Donald MacCampbell. Harper and to all students of the subject, and which and

THE JESSE KNIGHT FAMILYit is said contains some heretofore unBrothers, New York, 1940. 176 pages.

JESSE KNIGHT, HIS FOREBEARS published materials. Some appraisers of $2.00.)

this called the dealing chapters have FAMILY bookAND in his author introduction the '"Phe makes Knight. Deseret William (Jesse the the "high period with spots"Mormon * statement, things are "There few more Press, 1940.) the wellqualified of authors,News book. The essential to state a of man's than happiness

training temperaand and background by occupied, but diversely men, a wellchosen this hobby."concept WithNOTABLE for task, the ment, highly a have done combuilt for end, tell have a his Mr. laboring to proceeds common MacCampbell

all that will be work mendable welcomed by the of Lord. Jesse readers that kingdom is writing Latterdaythe as a worthhobby history. of students Church Western and intelligent, this courawhile. of efforts This that one doesKnight not the was mean

L. E.—R. the of will followers of faithful find if ever army ageous, they what market—and

Smith.Prophet Joseph

and Lydia Newel Knight, Jesse's parents, OUR(Sue COMMONSanders. BartonHERDSyndicate, don't,Fromtheythishaveintroduction,satisfied antheinsistentauthor entersurge.

stock, with the Church were ailAmericanof establish helped its beginning,from it, and 1940. 261 pages. $1.00.) intosubjectivea discussionwriting,of whichseveralincludes:kinds of memoirs,writing

shared its tribulations. Newel Knight, on This is a story of the Southwest, a true experiences, "How to Do"articles,his way to the West, laid down his life, a woman, and oil "wildcatting"—but it's narrative articles, and essays; objectivevirtual martyr to the Latterday cause. more than that—it's the story of struggle writing, divided into: expository articles,

Jesse Knight was tutored in the responsiagainst what seemed to be insurmountable personality stories, newspaper features, bilities of a widow's son, and in the hardobstacles, the story of people and what {Concluded on page 37)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

ii $ the St ijl Or lominj

WHAT ARE YOUR WORDS CHAWrral WORTH?

Addison G. By will M. for be Hints used Payment Handy the event publication. the dollar In one upon put in tricky "\T17ords are gadgets designed are idea the submitted, that with two same v "people. of will the interest to earliest catch the receive at—nffl7 the postmarked one

dollar. of the ideas be returned, can adverto are None if they used tempt HONEY consideration. will receive careful each if but faculties in tise; they up man wake used by They

theorize. to are For used that's they

I take sewing on my machine, those VJThen stranger sleep, they a yet have who cloth such as flannel "a strip of soft to pulling shades the akin power, down flavor or turning off the lights. and wrap it around the arm of my sewshaft. the needle to ing machine next PUBlTLe So, be careful of your words! for pins pincushion serves as a This

In the innuendos of selling words and needles used while I am sewing.

lies more power of appeal to people A. G. M., Smithfield, Utah.

than in most deskpounding. If you

choose your words with the care you "\JK7hen ink is spilled on cloth, soak use on a magnet in a jackstraw game, *'cloth in buttermilk, changing you may help to direct the thought of often, and the stain will be removed your community. without endangering the color. E. E. r

Coarse, grainy, punch words, that Shiprock, New Mexico.

sing or chortle, snicker or shout, will sell. Once the prospect understands T save all my wax paper bread wrapthe import of an explosive sentence pers in a pocket near the stove. I

V.V itfilledis ofwithany worththese atwords,all, is sold.your idea,Chooseif savesuse themthetodishwipeandoff dustthe stove,cloths,etc.forThisthe

these selling words and you are deswrappers can be burned and put out of

Chaparral is arare flower that blooms in tined for success, the advertising busithe way. I also use them to wrap my

midsummer, high on the mountains. The ness, or the diplomatic field. silverware. It then never tarnishes and

I to get ready bright as just when it... of bees love and produce a honey that catch is words Then, you know

r away. E. S. it as put use it was when exquisite flavor that Purity is used by in the sun of the on the mountains, gleam

the sweetening of their choice Honey Bee replace the whispers of the wind Eagar, Arizona.

Grahams. around the corners of the building, or

send shivers through you. You who

are users of these words, your pens will write poet or dramatist or storyteller. Beware of these words! Let

them mature slowly around your realestGRAHAMS Burnett Badger Barbara of this type deserve By for words PURITY ideas, them. depth behind Spaghetti Dinner Baked

But if your words chug along drolly or turn up all the alleyways for a Cook l l/2 pounds spaghetti in boiling drain. until tender salted Mix water and laugh,

one steak of and round ground pounds two as a humorist—andthen your reputationthat is enoughis certainfor stirring until brown, onion. Fry chopped

anyone. often. Add one pint bottle of catsup and

Then, too, you may trip over the two packages Chedder Cheese. When

SPECIAL fivesyllable, "inflated balloon"words cheese is melted, pour the sauce over the minutes. spaghetti twenty hot and bake these, float higher. that the Choose ego OFFER altogether. stopped be you and may in Aspic Crab Meat plus for 10c only picture printed of "Boy"are the faults in English language Few

inside flap of on box GraBee Honey 1 gelatin (aspic) salad package firmly highthese dealt as with same so

Big desksize hams! volume (5'/2x7% 1 boiling water cup that for no hold ideas words handed inch). Defines thoucold water cup l/2 is this fraud language substance. Once... of sands words chili sauce cup }/2 the restore discovered, can power no of cover genuine juice 2 tablespoons lemon

Fabcote, moroccopublic's trust and belief in the writer 2 chopped sweet pickles grained to look like and his sincerity. 1 pound crab meat

leather. Offered 1 celery, diced cup those also wordusers are There who solely to induce 2 tabasco sauce drops volold through abandon with you roam try to delicious

gelatin the in boiling water. Dissolve the gazettes, leaky of earmark umes Bee Grahams! Honey

cold the water, until it begins and chill Add to preach. or study tomes books, law

ingredients. thicken. rest of the Add theP

I set individual in ice Place in the PURITY molds CO., BISCUIT and be—well,If you are different.one of these,Someyourofwordsthem maywill to to lettuce harden.I Salt with Garnish Lake City, Utah box and

I Enclosed find 10c plus picture of "Boy"be good psychological or emotional mayonnaise.

printed on flap inside of box of Honey Bee ballast. But watch carefully that most

Grahams.I Eggs, Dixie Style of these or weight the Please send Modern Webster Dicof be wise, them tionary postpaid.I will sink ideas your and your words

into of corn bowl; a mixing Put one canI Namereputation.

it flour; into onehalf add cup pancakeI Address. Choose your words wisely. You will stirthe of yolks onehalf beaten eggs and twoI

Ik City State. discover their worth. cup of evaporated milk. Season with salt

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

and pepper. Beat two egg whites stiff and

fold into the mixture. Cook like small

pancakes, about three inches in diameter.

Arrange browned cakes on a platter. Put

a poached egg on top of each one and serve with spiced apple butter.

Cinnamon Rolls

Remove the crusts from thinly sliced bread. Cream onehalf cup of butter, one

cup brown sugar, and cinnamon together to make a soft paste. Spread on bread.

Roll up and fasten with a toothpick. Toast

on all sides and remove the toothpick before serving.

Graham Cracker Meringues 2 egg whites 34 teaspoon cream of tartar 3H rv s. to*

4 tablespoons powdered sugar 1 1 vanilla teaspoon eSS\a\*tsP* I 096 1 cocoanut * tsp * 'Sltfa,n0n 1 small package 1 dozen graham crackers?**&\ ofa*&c *U* C *** I1 Tit***

Beat the egg whites until frothy, add the cream of tartar, and continue beating until stiff enough to hold its shape. Beat in the

sugar gradually. Add the vanilla. Put

graham crackers on a baking tin; pile a

spoonful of meringue on the top; sprinkle

with cocoanut, and bake at 325 degrees until brown. Remove from the oven and let

cool in the pan.

Date Sandwiches

Chop two cups of stoned dates; put into a

sauce pan with onehalf cup sugar and onehalf cup of water. Cook, stirring constantly

until mixture is thick. Cool and spread

between buttered wholewheat bread.

Banana Snow Pudding 1 package lemon gelatin 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cold water Yl cup whipping cream sliced thinly bananas, 3 juice THE ADVERTISERS tablespoons 2 lemon 12 marshmallows, quartered and Where You Will Find cup powdered sugar 34

Dissolve the gelatin in the boiling water. Their Messages

chill it until the cold water begins andAdd 4 Hotel Alexandria stiffen. until to rotary beater with a Whip 57 Hotel Ambassador thick white. in the Fold cream and which Insurance Life Beneficial Co the has sweetened been and with whipped

...Back Cover

the sugar.powdered marshmallows Add 37 Bluhill Cheese Company last the bananas and been have which Evaporated St. Charles Borden's chill. juice. in standing the lemon and Mold 61 Milk cherries. withGarnish

59 University Young Brigham Continental Oil Company 5

62 Press Deseret News and Grain Milling Co 37, 61On The Book Rack GlobeDeere, John Inside Back Cover ( Concluded from page 35 Hall's Canker Remedy 60 -60 Press Hovey reviews, articles; trade creativebook paper

Inc 6 Co., Harvester International includes: essays, greetplays, oneact which

....Inside Front Cover KSL verse, stories, ing card juvenile short short

63 College L. D. S. Business stories for slicks. and pulp adults—both 55 Hotel Lankershim section In each the author, himself a

56 Fuel Supply Mountain Co literary agent, helpful, practical has given suggestions in addition to a list of markets Mountain States Implement Co 58 with their requirements and their rate of Ogden School of Beauty Culture....60

payment. This will prove a handy, helpful Par Soap 4

Biscuit 36 Company volume. M. C. /. Purity

of Beauty Culture....55 Quish School

WHERE, OH, WHERE? Red Comet Fire Extinguisher Co 59

(Story and pictures by Tom Torre Bevans, Royal Baking Co 55

The Viking Press, New York, 1939. $1.00.) Safeway Stores, Inc 3

This story of Patrick and his dog, Dirty, UtahUtah EngravingHome Fire CoInsurance Co 6055 and William's horse, Spots, is the UtahIdaho School Supply Co 1 of kind story that will children very 1 Oil Refining Utah Co friends to your the "Era"Send read over and over and which Prod. again—young Poultry Coop. Assn 55 home. Utah loved from will ones away their touch parents'in even the and hearts Light 54 Power Utah &

right C. J. places.—M.

illlelchizedeirPriesthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN*, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

unified well be a might enforced. This of theOrganization, Function

all the commitcounty-wide by movement Priesthood MelchizedekStake 1941 PRIESTHOOD Salt (In counties. of the tees Lake in each

Committee COURSE OF STUDY County the committees are actively working on this project.)

the apstake with presidency'T'he of course Priesthood npHE in alive 4. every the campaign Keep shall council the high of proval will for 1941 be study variof suitable a stake by means—projects Priesthoodappoint a Melchizedek literature, personal distribution of kinds, ous Priestthe of continuation book

five of with a memminimumCommittee etc. contacts, Government. hood Church and the of consistingbers, of a member

active, resolve to be every committee Let lesson be the for Outlines may councilor, a high presidency,stake a do, to things to plan meetings frequent hold in the usual Melas found the represent Priest to HighHigh plans. the then execute and

Priests'quorum, a Seventy, and an chizedek Priesthood DepartElder. Additional members may be ment of The Improvement Era New Booklet for Distribution

appointed if necessary to do well the one month in advance, the leswork of the committee. From the sons for January being conTn keeping with the plan that each auxcommittee the chairman shall choose, tained in the December, 1940, iliary organization in the Church uninterests the thewith

is Relief Society fourdency, approvalassistants—aof the Highstake Counpresi- issue. dertakeof the campaign,a project tothefurther

selor, a High Priest, a Seventy, and an arranging for distribution throughout

Elder. A secretary of the committee the Church a folder containing an article

may also be appointed. on the "Injurious Effects Resulting from

of Alcohol,"by the Moderate Use ANTILIQUOR -TOBACCO

S. of the U. Colonel L. Mervin Maus 1. To train quorum officers in their duties

so that they might become effective in COLUMN Army Medical Corps.

their leadership. Colonel Maus very convincingly

leadership monthly a a. By conducting

officers and meeting with the leaders Work for 1941 treatsdanger theto thesubjecthomeoflifetheof evilsAmerica,and (See groups. the of and quorums for will fourth the 1941 be year 'T'he coninseparably are he claims which

744.) 1940, p. Era, Dec, * total abstinence the Churchwide social drink."the "moderate nected with

to assisting stimulating them and b. By all resolve Shall campaign. to make we informative maand This interesting effective. their (As more work make the successful it year best the most and our to helpful terial should very be this relates exclusSeventies, to the

ively to local activities in stakes and campaign has had? Will every stake people in trying to establish the attiwards, and does not conflict with the committee resolve that every month of tude that it is "smart not to drink."

filled high shall with the a the First be year supervision of of system should in the family Church Every of inSeventy.) Council the in activity promoting of degree article. splendid this to access have We

terests the in of the campaign? with c. touch keeping work By the Society Relief on the congratulate

all of the activities Melchizedek and these committees do? Here can facilthe distribution What through proposed stake. the in Priesthood quorums things: are a few its ities organization. of

meeting the of every quo- d. By visiting

least quarterly. and group at rum 1. Priesthood on members Through the Relief Society Initiative regular encouraging with the in contact e. By council meetthe committee keep

presidency. of the ings quorum presidencies of all the quorums Society the Relief River Stake Bear Tn the and both Melchizedek f. that instructions of the By seeing PriesthoodAaronic—in other for set example a fine has to re- * wards, encouraging stake them and relative Council to quorum of Twelve

activities are carried out. spond to the request of the First Presidency organizations in carrying on the Camthat the campaign be "a project for all paign for the Nonuse of Alcohol and

presito the report2. stake promptly To Melchizedek Priesthood the both quorums, has Committee General Tobacco. The presiin a vacancy quorum dency any the with Aaronic, charging quorums and all develop stakes means the that urged dency. their responsibility of (a) the keeping own loin their the campaign promoting of report quarterly to collect3. a and make alcohol using the vice of free from members To Relief Society the cality. stake In this reports quarterly send all them quorum and others assisting (b) tobacco, and and

to the Council of Twelve. to do likewise."{Improvement Era, Feb., has sponsored a project that should

1938, p. 105.) be helpful in discouraging the use of

Elders'Conventions Hence, the quorum presidencies of all alcohol or tobacco by the young people.

in are held rethe to be quorums Church River the Bear six ago weeks About question has whether been asked'T'he all for the reaching campaign's sponsible of a number Society Relief had Stake it is permissible stake tactfully to hold contheir contact, Personal members. of the giving printed, laws placards

is the of conductmade, approved methodventions of Elders. disrespect to with State of the Utah ing these the members. campaign among ruled brethren presiding have The tobacand beverages alcoholic pensing in aids the Great members work among

that such conventions may be held are the three booklets sponsored by the co to minors. After quoting the law,

quarterly if so desired by the stake Church General Campaign Committee this statement is made in bold type:

presidency. They will necessarily be Alcohol Talks to Youth, Nicotine on the "As the youth of today are the men and

in Practical and The of Wisdom the of stake presiAir, the direction Wordunder re'imperative our tomorrow, women of still available are booklets Terms. These the stake Melchizedek anddency be is today the that youth quest of quantities. in needed any committee.Priesthood sigthis the are Following protected."

2. films, records, slides the Keep and the of wards the bishops these conventions of of purpose natures The the received General or from Committee

should be to stimulate the Elders'quoany of the General Boards in active circuand members of the stake campaign rums into greater activity and to furnish lation. committee. These placards have been

such information as these quorums may 3. See that the laws relative to the nonplaced in every business establishment

need for their best progress. sale of narcotics to, and use by, minors are that sells liquor or tobacco.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

family have Elder completed. and his Instruction officers The of the Class the of this commend A project We

will it before winter complete in and last year's moved their initiative for putting over Society Relief Committee stake was in. reto help has had woman One resourcefulness. and The campaign

built has roof her a Another home. new with the will continue to go forward Eraward—thecampaign.Tropic—wentNeedless overto say,the top.our sets aid considerable received has and home

active interest and support of such orSince Priesthood members are supfrom this committee. Another Elder has

ganizations as this. posed to teach their children, they must completed a basement of his home with the

know what to teach and how to teach, quorum's help and is now moving into it.

and they were shown how the Era could We now have two more new homes to this three project to construct and comon all practically the problem. solve Thus PROJECTS QUORUM partially plete, well done, as that are now access in the Elders Tropic have Ward Doing? desiring repair. three to as What Is Your Quorum members The

If themselves to the not they Era. do the the material furnished and homes have

take it, some of their families or relaquorum members have assisted with the

A Quorum's Remarkable Revival uplifttives do.in theThehomesEra hasof aourgreatmembers.spiritual construction.We have been negotiating for a sawAt the November quarterly conferThe Personal Welfare Committee mill, but as yet this is not completed.

** ence of Panguitch Stake the Third had its projects. When the green card However, we hope to have in our quoQuorum of Elders reported through its survey was made, we noticed that a rum either a mill or arrangements

president, Ernest L. Ahlstrom, a relarge percentage of our members were whereby our members can work at a

markable revival. A year earlier the receiving aid from the Government in mill to get lumber for building purquorum was nearly lifeless. Elder one way or another. Practically everyposes.

thing being consumed was bought. No president. asAhlstrom was installed to establooking forward We are

selfsufficient. longer people were our soon andThen planning was begun lishing Welfare the Program Church

things began to happen. Following is To the quorum presidency this fact was in our quorum and expect to take care

alarming. these set Therefore obwe of the report President a summary are member. of every quorum We

: jectives at the conference:Ahlstrom made to for suggestions on open always how

1. his to raise family Elder and Every up. Objectives were drawn spiritual welTo get a better the temporal and

garden. did access not Those have who active, to various every be its member fare our members. of and quorum to plot to garden get a were one from

things done. were accomwere These relatives other or members.

plished by the following means: The 2. Every Elder to have a milk cow Blackfoot Stake Elders

Service contacted CommitteeChurch possible. Elders where two had Some the President Porter of Lloyd

the or more to and ascertain cows membersevery wanted who member was who project reports beet Blackfoot StakeJ. a

for. thus provided were cows in willing active to part take Church carried the of Elders 3rd on by Quorum least Elder's at to raise family 3. Every allactivity. given members were These reports the of Stake. Blackfoot He fifty chickens, for thus providing the eggs to in service opportunity renderan this that for years past quorum some the family dinner. and an occasional chicken

Church. Those who were backward 4. Every family who could keep a pig has handled this project successfully.

and previously inactive were assigned was to raise its own pork. The Elders had five and one half acres

to work projects and social gatherings 5. Every Elder who had a farm was of beets with a yield of 107 tons. At

encouraged thus into to grow gradually as and wheat them have work members fortyfive harvest, the with of time men, his flour. the This project of phase ownof service. special committee or some four trucks, of horses, seven teams and failed to materialize because nearly every all at tried times learn to man's aWe the four to work, put plows and were farmer signed with the was up Government inthathobby, or especially anything entire dug, topped, crop and was it is farm program. possible of However,

terested him. Those seemed who hours. in the to accomplishment beet ten to hauled to and are not going dump we

have no interests at all gave us some give up the idea. The following day this same group dug

clues by which we could approach 6. Building Program. We now have a two acres of beets for a quorum membuilding direction the under program interested of inthem. dramatics, Those sick. ber (See photograph, was who the chairman of the four standing comfor instance, positions given were on page.) mittees. is this this objective of The programthe entertainment the committee under

to his have in Elder during home owndirection of the of the chairman MisJoin Priesthood, NonMembers 1941. have practically one home new Weeverycellaneous Committee. One member In Bakersfield HouseBuilding

who seemed inactive came to life when we learned he was interested in baseBy Ray Baker ball. A baseball team in the Elders'Monday, June 10, 1940, saw the bequorum was talked up, resulting in our ginning of a project by the Bakersfield

having another active member who supBranch ( California ) Melchizedek ports us loyally in all our projects. Such Priesthood. The project was building

means as these have enabled us to reach a house and garage, from the ground out and interest our members. up, for Sister Ella Myers, a widowed

We also found that some members member of the Church.

who were inactive had wives who were Previous to the actual inauguration of the more or less active. Therefore, we orproject, Harry Carlson, a loyal supporter

ganized a ladies'auxiliary to the Elders'but nonmember of the Church, had hauled quorum, having the same committees as a load of lumber from Los Angeles to the the Priesthood quorum. Those women site of the building. Forms were made and

whose husbands were inactive eventumost of the foundation poured the first day.

cardaily with forward one went intoally brought acWork their husbands his the paid being helper only penter and tivity. organization This ladies'gave their laborers, the of part completed who

invaluable assistance in the barbeque construction within five weeks. Harry

which the Elders put on to raise the Carlson supervised the building after the money for our seminary. At this percarpenter left.

formance we served between six and During the progress of construction localities trips different to were many madeseven people. hundred outstandThe

materials the to secure at reasonable most PRESIDENCYing WELFARE AND of this achievement undertaking was QUORUM price. the in Pioneer Hardware Co. At COMMITTEE, ELDERS, THIRD OF QUORUMthat had activity every from memwe BLACKFOOT received OF Angeles, STAKE Carlson Mr. Los a 15%

ber of the Elders'quorum, as well as Left to right: Leeman Jorgensen, President; discount on plumbing supplies. The owner

from members of the Adult Aaronic 2ndJamesCounselor;Christensen,Grant1stFortran,Counselor;HoraceJackHerick,Hatch,and was very sympathetic with the project,

Priesthood. Harold Belnap, welfare committee. (Continued on page 40)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

(Continued from page 39) although he member. was not a Church

truck of brother used Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, February, 1941 E. A.The Moyes was

to transport the plumbing supplies from Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

Los Angeles to Bakersfield. ( See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below A powersaw was offered by Carl Anthederson, during and a nonmember, used

b. Deliberate disobedience to reguof the entire construction garage. house and

lations of Church XL LESSON Carlton, cabinetmaker, also T. a non-A

c. Incorrect interpretation of doctrine Provisions assistance offered his the Judicial doing member, by

and unwillingness to accept cor211-215) chapter 17, price. (Read electrical pp. cabinet at cost work The

view courts rect of I. Jurisdiction Church Malquist, a done wiring was by Vaughn

member of the branch presidency. a. Concerned with infraction of moral V. Church punishments

The greater part of the work was done law: right of religious societies to a. Disfellowshipment: probation

by Harry Carlson and Chester Barham, an deal with own members b. Excommunication: complete sevElder, who worked faithfully until the home 1. For unChristianlike conduct erance

was completed. Brother Barham also 2. For violation of laws, rules, and VI. Treatment of those excommunicated

handled all of the finances and reports, the discipline of Church: matters of or disfellowshiped

total cost being: house and garage, $1,675; fellowship and good standing a. Kindliness, encouragement

lot, $375; or a total expenditure of $2,050. b. Not concerned with prosecution b. Restoration of fellowship

The fiveroom house is thirtytwo feet of civil law 1. Upon complete repentance

by twentysix and onehalf feet, modern 1. Cannot try for life or property 2. By same or higher tribunal

throughout, with hardwood floors. The 2. Cannot inflict physical punish- c. Restoration of woman's fellowship

kitchen includes tile drain boards and builtment 1. Fulness of former blessings upin cabinets. The bathroom has a stall 3. Do not reverse civil law decion baptism

shower with a tile backwall. sions 2. Written permission from PresiThe majority of the Priesthood group 4. Do not try matters provided for dent of Church not necessary to

turned out to speed the construction. Those in civil courts: except in cases restore endowments as with

putting forth special effort include: Harry of manifest wickedness and dePriesthood

Carlson, Chester Barham, Vaughn Malpravity quist, George Berg, De Loss Miller, Lucien II. Settlement of personal misunderstandProblems and projects:

ings Brimhall, Cyril Jr., Lewis, Lloyd Wright,

1. the various aloud read members Have to a. of helping were: wrong Others acknowledgment Baker. and By Ray selections the from Doctrine Coveand ofself, to Sr., the Lord, persons to Lucier, Milan Houldridge, Floyd Roy in nants found Supplementary Readings.

Sr., involved or fended Ricks, Ricks, Jr., Lewis LewisOckey, 2. the jurisdicwell sphere of does How if of b. Priesthood mediation Reid and Douglas and Wimer, ByGayne John tion illustrate of courts the proper Church necessary Bunting, Pathe, Lonnie and John Roy of in state separation church society? and our

1. in counsel seeking Gabbitas, Order Port Buys, WilliamAmundson,

3. Invite the or of the bishop a member (a) E. Teachers A. Bundy, Moyes,Henry Edwin TowWard

if stake possible, relate presidency, to iners, Bishop (b) Carl Wilford Wells, Menlove, and stances for disregard in of the proper order (c) Sisters Stake Council Carlson, HighGarlan Eggman. Una in seeking the counsel Church. First (d) also Jessie Presidency Mollie Wilson Bundy, and 4. Differentiate personal between misun-

2. disregard to often of refreshments providing helped, any and Wrong derstandings the against grievances and construction. these stepshelping the with large. at Church

project forgiveness declared III. Confessions completed and was The 5. for testimonies Call relating kindhow a. sin to of total 26, confession Private there 1940, bishop of being aAugust liness errenabled encouragement have and or president branch hours expended. 1,020 man to ing return to fold persons the of the

b. public of confession Public Priesthood accepted only has Aaronic The of specific of Church. name, (Mention leveling the of transgression planting project the yard and course, should avoided.) be

c. lawn. should acrepentance Completea

reports (President confession Macdonald company W. Aird

that Salt d. baptized in Liability to official censure for reLESSON XLI Harry Carlson was

Lake during October General Conference fusal to acknowledge wrong Judicial Provisions: Church Tribunals

a satisfying conclusion of a worthwhile IV. Offenses against the Church (Read chapter 17, pp. 215219)

project.) a. Breaking of moral law I. "To save, not to condemn men": primary duty of Church tribunals

a. Private settlement of difficulties

preferable b. Reconciliation first aim of Church

council c. Excommunication last resort

d. Right of appeal to higher courts

II. Three standing Church councils of

justice a. Ward Bishop's Court

1. Personnel: bishop and counselors

2. Jurisdiction: limited to members

of ward 3. Punishments: limited to

(a) Excommunication of lay members or members of Priesthood Aaronic CALIFORNIA MISSION (b) Disfellowshipment of men BAKERSFIELD PROJECT

Melchizedek holding Priesthood Left: Myers home com- 4. Appeals: to Stake High Counpleted, Bakersfield Branch. cil

Right: Mrs. Ella Myers, b. Stake High Council

her nephew, and Harry Carl- 1. Personnel: twelve High Priests,

son (supervisor of project). stake presidents, counselors

Priesthood group working 2. Jurisdiction

on the Myers home project, (a) Appeals from Ward BishBakersfield Branch, California op's Court

Mission. (b) Original hearings

3. Appeals: to First Presidency

40 c. Council of the First Presidency

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 194T

1. Personnel b. Members of Melchizedek Priestop's Court, call on several of them to recite,

(a) President of Church, two hood appointed to investigate and in outline fashion, the stepby-step progress counselors make accusation of a case from the time the complaint is (b) Twelve High Priests as c. Alleged wrongdoer cited to apdrawn up to the time the decision is rencounselors when desired pear for investigation or trial dered. Guesses, hazy thinking, and half-

2. Jurisdiction d. Procedure by citation same as prostatements have no place here. The picture

(a) Original jurisdiction cedure by complaint and summons must be complete and correct.

( 1 ) Over all other councils V. The witnesses 4. What is meant by action so severe it

and courts of Church a. Invited and examined by bishopric may "defeat the ends of justice"? Give ex-

(2) Over bishops and b. Objections of witness to be honamples when judicious leniency may prove

High Priests set apart ored the salvation of the wrongdoer.

to ministry c. Objections of either party to be

in writing (b) as court of presented Chief function final to stake presiSupplementary Readings decisions appeal: 1. To be reported

III. Special Church councils dency For Priesthood and Church Government

a. Presiding Bishop's Court: Presid- 2. Stake presidency may remove

ing Bishopric and twelve specially case to another bishopric 1. Any member of the church of Christ

chosen High Priests 3. High Council may assume origtransgressing, or being overtaken in a fault,

b. Council of High Priests abroad inal jurisdiction shall be dealt with as the scriptures direct.

1. Personnel: convened outside VI. The trial procedure {Doc. and Cop. 20:80.)

stakes or organized missions a. Bishop and counselors constitute 2. And him that repenteth not of his sins,

2. Jurisdiction: to adjust important trial court and confesseth them not, ye shall bring bedifficulties, emergencies 1. Specially appointed High fore the church, and do with him as the

3. Not necessary under present Priests may take place of counscripture saith unto you, either by commission system selors mandment or by revelation. (Doc. and

c. Traveling High Council of the 2. Names of High Priests subject Cov. 64:12.)

Twelve Apostles to approval of stake presidency 3. Behold, I, the Lord, have made my

1. Personnel: Quorum of the b. Proceedings opened and closed church in these last days like unto a judge

Twelve with prayer sitting on a hill, or in a high place, to 2. Jurisdiction c. Witnesses present together or not judge the nations.

(a) To take notice of any quesaccording to decision of court For it shall come to pas that the inhabition pertaining to kingdom d. Full record of proceedings kept by tants of Zion shall judge all things pertainof God ward clerk ing to Zion.

clerk Complaint read judicial (b) by ward at e. shall body liars proved hypocrites be To sit as and And

called direction f. Accused First Presiof upon to make apostles not they them, and who are anby

dency swer and prophets shall be known.

(c) Form a quorum equal in 1. Guilty: judgment rendered And even the bishop, who is a judge,

authority and power to 2. Not guilty: trial proceeds and his counselors, if they are not faithful

First Presidency g. Accuser, witnesses testify in their stewardship shall be condemned,

3. May be called to account by h. Accused crossexamines and others shall be planted in their stead.

(a) First Presidency i. Accused, witnesses testify (Doc. and Cov. 64:3740.)

(b) General assembly of Gen- j. Court examines, crossexamines 4. Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass

eral Authorities VII. The decision against thee, go and tell him his fault beif hear alone: he shall thee a. him and Bishop counselors tween formulate and projects:Problems and

if But thy brother. thee, gained hast decision thou 1. and the Priesthood can In what ways

thee take thee, with then will not hear 1. Decision counhe bishop, one byits councils rather than to "save"mediate

to "condemn"? selor valid one or two more, that in the mouth of

be three every witnesses 2. or word may Decision two counselors two by 2. training in of kind temperament, What

if to hear shall neglect established. he without of And concurrence bishop love, tolerancejudgment, the part and on

if it tell he church: the but unto them, valid notof the the of Priesthood does members

let be unto church, to neglect the him hear (a) Case be retried may tribunals desirable? of systemChurch make

publican. a heathen and thee as (b) an man to stake be referred May 3. for brief different Call from accounts

18:1517.) (Matthew presidencyindividuals the constiare following how

it pass, to that shall 5. if any b. come taken Case And under advisebe may )tuted operate: Stake they and High how

kill shall shall be they persons ment, adjourned among you First( 1 the ofCouncil, Presidency, Council (2) to according c. dealt with delivered and Written of decision copy up to be Presiding Bishop's Court, Travel- (4) (3)

that he for land; of the furnished remember the laws party. each theing of Council Apostles. High Twelve

it shall proved forgiveness; be and hath no VIII. the action 4. Recording taken prepared be member Have some

to draw diagrams on the board of the a. All regularly tried cases to be reaccording to the laws of the land. (Doc.

organization and jurisdiction of the various corded and Cov. 42:79.)

councils studied. Pains must be taken to 1. In ward historical record 6. And if a man or woman shall rob, he

make the technical details of the month's 2. In ward record of members in or she shall be delivered up unto the law of

lessons form a clear picture in the mind of case of disfellowshipment, exthe land.

each member. communication And if he or she shall steal he or she shall

b. Minor transgressions, confessed be delivered up unto the law of the land.

LESSON XLII and forgiven, not to be recorded And if he or she shall lie, he or she shall

Judicial Provisions: Procedure of 1. Wrong privately known to be be delivered up unto the law of the land.

the Ward Bishop's Court privately confessed And if he or she do any manner of in-

I. Spirit of conducting proceedings 2. Wrong publicly known to be iquity, he or she shall be delivered up unto

a. Orderly, precise, correct manner publicly confessed the law, even that of God. (Doc. and Cov.

b. Reconciliation primary object (a) Before weekly Priesthood 42:8487.)

II. The complaint meeting 7. I charged the Saints not to follow the

a. Written accusation drawn up by (b) Before monthly fast meetexample of the adversary in accusing the

accuser ing brethren, and said, "If you do not accuse

If b. to will Attested bishop other, not you. accuse each by God desirable 3. Leniency too when

original resent accused; enter will heaven, accuser c. Copy you have no you severe action the defeat may

if bishop revelations with will follow the mains and and you justice: ends of the of case

III. The summons young people. instructions which God gives you through

a. Cites accused to appear before me, I will take you into heaven as my back

court to answer charges Problems and projects: load. If you will not accuse me, I will not

b. Signed by bishop, clerk 1. Call for original and frank criticism of accuse you. If you will throw a cloak of

c. Served by two Teachers as witness the Church judicial system as so far discharity over my sins, I will over yours—for

of notification cussed: its scope, its personnel, its purposes. charity covereth a multitude of sins. What

IV. The citation 2. Differentiate between the citation and many people call sin is not sin; I do many

a. Takes place of complaint when the complaintand-summons. things to break down superstition, and I

Church, rather than individual, in- 3. To test how well members of the class will break it down."(Teachings of Joseph

jured visualize the procedure of the Ward BishSmith, p. 193.)

ELF12BaranlcTrlesffiooH CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC-—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD tion and the inveterate foe of Israel, and and gifted son of Jesse the "man after was told to spare neither man nor beast, God's own heart,"of whom the Prophet

Tenth in a series of articles writ-'nor save a particle of spoil. Instead of Samuel had spoken. This thought so preyten by the late Elder Orson F. carrying out these instructions, the selfed upon his mind that, after giving David

to wife, loving the his of daughter king spared Michal willed and monarch Agag, Whitney of the of the Council treating son, after as alive having him and brought Amalekites, him and his own in originally Published Twelve.

his forces, his constantly together person, Gilgal, annihilating he near to drove him Contributor.""The forth cattle violent thencepassion of in a and the choicest the enemy's and with him

effort forth to sacrifice exerted him. destroy to as every sheep, designed he a which Saul's earliest acts of the of King /\NE

his relationship of this with account appeasing on David, from SamJehovah. So far

the usurpation - career the of was his his for brotherin-law king, effect the reverse. the love In uel, the quite was

priestly authority. He had seen with righteous anger, he again reproved the Jonathan, but, more than all, his religious

a jealous eye that, although he held the king, reminding him that "to obey is better reverence for the "Lord's anointed,"title of king, and went out and came than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat though he had Saul repeatedly in his powin with royal pomp, Samuel continued of rams,"and ended by telling him, in the er, spared his life and would not permit to be the real ruler in Israel, and rename of the Lord, that he was utterly rehim to be injured. He first fled to Samuel

garded him in the light of a mere milisufficiently,jected as kingat fromSaul'sthatearnesthour. entreaty,He relentedto Naioth,at Ramah,butandfinallythencebecamewith thethe Prophetleader ofto

tary chieftain and subordinate. Though remain and offer sacrifice to God in honor a band of outlaws in the wilderness of

humble at first, and submissive to this of the victory, which being done, he called Judea.

state of affairs, his naturally proud and for the captive monarch, Agag, to be Before David came to the throne and combative spirit could ill brook rebrought, and on his appearing, seized a while yet a fugitive from the wrath of his straint and limitation. He longed for sword and hewed him in pieces before the royal fatherin-law, Samuel died at Ramah,

power absolute, like that of the moneyes of Saul and all his hosts. The Prophet at an advanced age, B. C. about 1061. His

all intercourse departed, then and between sincerely death was throughout mourned nations, to reign without other of archs end. the at king and Israel, an him was his righteous and writexample was it only evident he anda rival; was to next Bethlehem, Samuel proceeded ten by in the imperishably hearts history and

set to opportunity favorable awaited direction, the Lord's anointed David, and his people. of relates Bible that Saul, The

aside Samuel's authority, and vest the the youngest son of Jesse, of the tribe of on the eve of his last battle, having failed sacerdotal power in his own person. Judah, to be the future king of Israel. This to obtain an answer from the Lord through

To such an honor, Saul had not the was about the year 1079 B. C. The cerethe divine channel of the Priesthood, in

lest in secret, Saul, performed was desperation witch, out sought a at Endor, is mony claim. the reader of ashadow As

hearing of it, might vengeance wreak through upon spirit the of whose exorcism Samoffices the inhered only sacredaware, it the principals. was, sooner uel had no As appeared the and pronounced upon tribein of the of the house and Aaron slain Philistine the giant, all David of and the recreant head the defeat monarch

Levi, and Saul, as has been shown, Israel was ringing with the fame of his and disaster which befell him on the morwas of the tribe of Benjamin. Samuel, exploit, than the king's jealousy was row.

though not a descendant of Aaron, was aroused, and he began to see in the brave {To be continued) closely related to him, and held the office of High Priest by divine appointment, the first known instance of its deviation from the direct family line of the original. Saul's act was one of

sacrilege, entirely inexcusable; and thus

did he begin to fulfill Samuel's prophecy in relation to kingly tyranny, and pave the way to his own downfall.

The armies of Israel were at Gilgal, facing an overwhelming host of Philistines, to the destruction avengewhich had come of their garrisons. of oneby Saul The WEISER STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CHORUS

for sent atking join to had Samuel him "Dishop the of Presiding Bishopric O. Marvin represented the Ashton General

for sacrifice offer Israel beforeGilgal and Authorities of the at the recent quarterly Church conference of the Weiser the considerable asthey engaged enemy, in Stake Idaho. Weiser, Bishop Ashton's report of the conference highwas felttrepidation in the of presence such was

a powerful foe. After waiting seven days, lighted by his enthusiasm for the splendid singing furnished for the conference

and the High Priest failing to appear, Saul by the Stake Aaronic Priesthood chorus of fortytwo young men. The chorus

became impatient, and alarmed at the daily was directed by Oscar B. Nielson, with Vivian Anderson as accompanist.

finally of his troops,desertions ordered a stake presidency that, The has already as reported a result of the fine work offering toburnt brought, having be and of these young to determined men, two wards Priesthave are now an Aaronic built altar, officiated in the cerean sacred chorus. hood

himself. finished soonermony had no He

than Samuel arrived upon the scene. He

sternly rebuked the king for his sacrilege, and told him the Lord would recompense the evil he had wrought by taking away the kingdom from his house, which might have stood forever, and giving it to another, "a man after His own heart,"who Effects of Tea and Coffee The fact that coffee, in doses sufficient should be the "captain over His people."on the Heart and Kidneys to produce any stimulating effects, raises

later years the befew estrangement blood pressure stimulates A and the action of Excerpts the Thesis from of the the kingtween Prophet and was made the is kidneys, also good for reason using Hunt Ross anothercomplete of act disobedience by on Sheldon it caution with in these arterial days of thethe of part former. had been comHe strain and tendency to affection. to these kidney "Deferring beverages as a speaking Samuel,manded by as God's A- Nowadays, drugs that cause act of high pressure,oracle, the blood to on Dr. undertake kidneys a war of extermination against the Amalekites, a wicked naEugene Lyman Fiske says: are used with great caution. Instead of

SUlanTTeaching CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

deaths from any other disease. There

is Practically reason. of every case a WARD TEACHERS

it this kind, was a may be observed, if Spirit, let the in take strong with him him him be you among any man stimulants of that user of some kind. Andis all that in edified strong that meekness, he become weak, be he may may effects principal in both tea drug The

also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthood... and coffee are derived from caffeine. (Doc. and Cov., 84:106, 107.) A cup of moderately strong coffee contains about three grains of caffeine, an

Suggestions For Ward Teachers ordinary cup of tea a little less. Now,

if caffeine were the only toxic principle

Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should contained in coffee, the effects of tea

visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the and coffee would be identical. But cofspiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent fee contains some essentials and volathat distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance tile oils known as coffeol and caffetanic

to the worthy be provided without delay. acid, which are also injurious. Some of

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by Revelations, it is the unwelcome symptoms are due to highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of these. Dr. Hale Powers of the neurothe family questions containing the following import: logical department of the Massachusetts

1. Are you in harmony General Hospital found that some of

a. With your neighbors and associates? these symptoms cleared up when cof-

b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church? fee was replaced by tea. He called

2. Are you attending to your Church duties attention to the fact that symptoms of

a. As a member coffee poisoning, not attributable to

Attending meeting, fasting once each month in paying Fast offering, caffeine, are produced by these volatile paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions? substances which really give the aroma

b. officer an As coffee. infiner of grades to the He is Setting attending council proper example, meetings, etc.? betso-called believe the that clined to 3. attending to secret Are prayers? you and family

ter grades are the more poisonous, since they contain more of these volatile oils. are substances These volatile

hence, eliminated WwixL Jsuach&M!. TyioA&jaqsL fcfo JsziAuaAy, J94J partly he by boiling;

FASTING AND OFFERINGS thinks that a cheap coffee being well boiled is less toxic than an expensive

T A recent general conference, Elder George F. Richards of the Council cup prepared without boiling. There is A of the Twelve presented the following: "Fasting and offerings have much said in these days about caffeine,

been associated closely always. I will read to you a few words from but altogether too little about coffee.

Isaiah on this subject. He goes on to tell that the people's fasting was not Not merely should we abstain from the

acceptable and tells why. Then he says: use of caffeine, but from the use of

if caffeine. coffee, free Caffrom even

'Is I this fast the not that to chosen? the loose of have bands wickedness, to as regarded coffee feineless be canot a the let free, burdens, the to heavy undo oppressed that and and break go ye every

since means, harmless beverage any by yoke?

'arising the the from of symptoms 'Is some it not to deal to thy the bread that hungry, bring the thou and that poor are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and use of coffee are not due to the caffeine,

that thou''Thenhideshallnotthythyselflight frombreakthineforthownas theflesh?morning, and thine health shall spring but to the volatile oils present.

forth speedily; and thy righteous shall go before thee; the glory of the Lord shall Coffee makes its user irritable. Dr.

be thy''Thenreward.shalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer; thou shalt cry, and He theBockdiseasesof Leipzig,of Germany,the higherinvestigatedclasses of

shall say, Here I am.'German society and attributed their ir-

"The offerings, according to Isaiah, are naturally a part of the fast, and help ritability and quick temper to the free fast the to acceptable Lord. make to get that fixed in our minds. We ought is It useless coffee for of coffee. use

offerings, "Tithes, restoration and it in these days. does mean? What fasting—ato the for the of addicts grace good to pray rise this In early the there of established, Church as this restoration, was a principle

of fasting and giving offerings for the poor. One day each month was set apart. temper unless they are willing to rethe of members to Church The abstain asked were eating from meals of two the cause of their irritability and the move

three are they to which having, accustomed to and give the of value they what temper. quick fast, the for the would the of support save by poor. this observed had If we fully

and faithfully, brethren and sisters, there would have been ample in the Church, from that fund alone, to take care of all who are in need of assistance."FOREST FIRES AND

Every Latterday Saint family should resolve to observe the fast, and CIGARETTES pay offerings regularly.

According to the National Voice, ** Roy Headley, Chief of Division

Service, re- S. Forest youth and the word of wisdom FireportedControl,that duringU. 1938 there were

{ Concluded from page 42 was one of the outstanding factors in this 172,000 forest fires in the United group.

States, 42,857 caused of which were the itsspurring with drugs, kidney work is This something thinking worthis diet, regulated intake, proper by water cigarette loss to smokers. by due The in about these the of days high moretc. investigation of of a group A recent these smokers at estimated $11,- was tality heart disease. from Deaths fromone thousand of cases pressure high blood

showed that excess use of tea and coffee heart failure are more common than 240,000.

JQ0 geenealoqu

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

FIELDING JOSEPH SMITH, J. KIRBY, HAROLD

Treasurer. and WIDTSOE, JOHN Assistant JOSEPHPresident CHRISTENSON, A. WILLIAMA. LUND, L. GARRETT MYERS,Secretary. President. Vice M. KIRKHAM, JAMES Assistant Treasurer 'and Superintendent ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, E. PETERSEN. MARK Research of Department. Secretary Librarian. and Directors. HILL, ELLEN

Assistant Librarian.

RECORD PROVIDENTIALLY genealogy to her mother, and told her

OBTAINED to keep it, as it was the record of her TOLERANCE people and would some day prove

By Hubert E. Bowen, Ogden, Utah valuable. By George A. Baker

TTH'ith a great deal of joy and thankThe genealogical record this lady Of the South Los Angeles sent to proved the only be Presidency me Stake known fulness I to in Father my Heaven far record so genealogists uncovered by relate one of the most remarkable exin tracing pediAmerica an unbroken the of greatest lessons taught I periences in have obtaining had gree to the emiRichard back Bowen, the One Savior the peoples to of by genealogy of families. Bowen my grant, settled to came America who and I His time that of tolerance. was spent have in years research many in 1638. Rehoboth about record This the commithad When woman and lines who of on some hired have my given has to genecomplete more me ted a crime then punishable death genealogists by without great a deal sucof

I alogy in than find able to have been to the brought the cess. was Master mob, After by searching hundreds many all I research, than more and had my a with no to doubt view ensnare of Him, also books hiring and others able to hiring been obtain geneby stifled their jeers that taunts I and searched, He by to decided the to go Lord

I alogists for search to the me. thank declaration: memorable in "Let him I prayer. for who the prayed to be way this for manifestation marvelous Lord is first sin cast the without stone."for At toopened gather records. me Bowen of to goodness His the and remarkme time, the did same not I condone what night HeThat this had a In dream. able preservation these of records. the unfortunate for victim I done, felt had Idream that impressed should

write to the mayor of a certain city in Another thing happened in regard to He said, "Go thy way and sin no

Vermont. The next morning I wrote these records. I requested this lady to more."

the letter. Not knowing the mayor's lend me these old copies that I might All too frequently, individuals call

name, I just addressed it to the mayor have them photographed for my own the attention of others to faults of those for book, and also a copy make city. thatof I asked him if he or other be teaching knew doing the who may

in Salt Library City. Lakeof families living any his Genealogical in Bowen in the faults Church, as such work

community or the descendants of any She wrote that she was going to leave smoking, harshness of expression, to whom I could write, as I was compilVermont and come out to northern aloofness, sarcastic tendencies, improping a record of the Bowen families and Idaho where her sister lived, and she er or untidy appearance, irregular atSalt of would come by and Lake waytrying to trace the genealogy famand at tendance or Sacrament quorum

I the bring that and records Ogdenily history of the lines to etc. back meetings, many yet these comsame And

see might them. photograph and originalthe or Puritan ancestor. plainants in instances are many known

The mayor replied, giving me a list Recently she came to my home in not to have their names on the tithing of about ten names. Near the bottom of Ogden, but upon arriving there informrecords or fail to contribute Fast offerthis list was the name of one Bertha ed me that she had forgotten the recings, and to conform to other requireMcDaniels of East Dorset. A strong ords which she had promised to bring. ments. Surely they can ill afford to

impression came to me to write to her. This, of course, caused me some con- "cast stones."

cern, I regretted that I and not wouldImmediately her. to I wrote She sent

get to see them. told she However,in me Naturally, the ideal condition is to return a record of her immediate own

family. Then I sent her family group that she would write to her people back have all Church workers, even in the

sheets and asked for the record of her in Vermont and have them send the most minor positions, live up to every parents, grandparents, and ancestors as records to me. letter of our Church standards, but we

far as she had them. This me. relatives she sent of her wrote She to one who must be sympathetic helpful to and

find so to that lived amazed sheI was near failed her house, had to but he qualify. those few who do not fully Tosuch a marvelous record that get the records. I asked informing my Upon

her how it was that she had in her her that I had not received them, she completely deprive such individuals of possession such a wonderful genealogy wrote a friend of hers, asking him to all Church activity is to mar their spirfacts into goingand the sixteenth into get her these and house go old and itual is "spirituality development—for centuriesseventeenth not in possession records to me. and send them he This an achievement—not an endowment."of theof genealogists. did. any instead getting of just This Bowen But the

was her story: one record on the Bowen line which Yet, on the other hand, it is equally

When Bertha was a little girl, her I was supposed to receive, he sent a wrong to adopt an attitude drawing mother, who has now been dead over large bundle of genealogical records. near to that of indulgence.

forty years, called her to her These have complete side and given a more and gave genealogy her some old thorough and of The true approach to this everexist- knowledge genealogy and papers, and told her to keep them, saysome of the branches of the Bowen ent problem is one of sincere tolerance, ing that this was the genealogy of her family than I would have received if coupled with friendly help to change people, and when the right man called Mrs. McDaniels had herself brought for the better those who may be erring.

itfor it she to give her. In to him. this in papers her the was with Also group the said, "I For remember, has Lord

letter said, to she "I there genealogy to of suppose the me genyou came me

I will forgive, but forgive whom that related lines. ealogymust be man."family other She of two For will how

her grandmother when she was over these providential circumstances I am of you it is required to forgive all eighty years old had given this same very grateful. men."

CHURCHWIDE HYMN PROJECT who do have jobs work for small wages an opportunity to become more closely another with associated are one not a positions and which and have of for the MonthsHymns other's its work. admire each to share chance of also has steady. ward The February, andJanuary,

finally prethe organ relief. Thus, was when people onMarch

all for, paid the to sented ward, it was it in is project, the case any be As the by onComments Hymns tryfrom there headaches were no and there some or unworthy, were worthy AsperDr. Frank W. infunds. raise additional ing to One the to of opposed the ward members

"I'll 362, No. plan fluential the Where Go opposedHymn had man who in the pipe organ of a idea having

You Want Me To Go."chapel. It is impossible to have the supfrom the beginning came the day after

'T'he common error in the playing of port of all people in any undertaking, it was dedicated and asked the privithis number is that of not observing and many arguments were used by lege of changing his mind and giving the correct rhythm. The writer has some to try to dissuade the bishop, the ward a substantial donation. The

all thrilled are of the members ward this of played hundreds ideal.heard his adopted from Cornwall, times in Alma

it greatest is the the organ with and say classes, the performer'shis and until could that another organ thought Many since the they had have improvement is to called it, almostattention everyone as be "just would be purchased which plays the rhythm wrong. Be sure to good,"and that to install a pipe organ chapel was built. Nothing they have

hold the last note in every line its full would necessitate some changes in the ever attempted before has made the feel better. acknowlEveryonevalue. not people is always a tendency could felt they There to building they which

finest edges that one of the it was these notes, motion that firmly as theshorten afford. Cornwall Bishop was

was present in the preceding measures, convinced that once the pipe organ was things that could be done to make the stops. The organist will find that many installed, the people would see the worship of the ward more inviting.

directors will not beat these measures great value of it and would never reOne often meets Church members for the continually apologize muwho it is in might gret caseout, always have they however, which which any work their sical in wards, instruments when alis one, directing. in follow to order the to havebest undertaken man who

substantial orfrequently pipe a good it of one he says that was now 87, Beams the though "Softly No. littleHymn cost very more have gan would in his career. projects the hardest Dawning."Sacred a lasting been have monuand would

pledged organizations the of All their only ambition. dethis to ment need of nature hymn very The We bishop. the support to themselves The us, local condito about observe look Happily touch. strict legato amands contributed the children Primary of tions, accordingly. act a Here rest the at was and end put a has composer the families the of the pennies, heads and with but if men, with wealthy no time the ward one, and all but phrases of

to contribute to one two asked were relatively small incomes with people will there be observed, are no values voluntarily paid each, dollars but many to the desire ambition and had corwho the in number punctuating trouble in the that. than man more much A their finest instrument within the have in the number play rectly. not Do idle offered and land had some ward Mill in reach. been done has brilliancy, its it What robs of so flats. do To if for three acres year one to donate certainly done can be Creek difficult it the for Ward more makes muchand it. Aaronic to use the cared The ward in the All need Church. anywhere we going pitch, besides stay to singers on of consisting quorums, Priesthood inis leader the with enthusiasm a and intention and composer's the against forty accepted immediately boys, about materialize. terest project to the make conception. three acres this offer the planted and

91, is the Work.""Sweet No.Hymn beets. borrowed in sugar They the Ward Choirs Welcome in the for seed and and phosphate appears also Des* money This hymn

eret Sunday School Song Book, in the managed to get a drill man to come Melodic Easter Cantata in the his in labor. the Later of donate flat, and the key but of G key A the cantatas musical many Among all spent the as preferred, spring boys met two and is to be S. L. Hymns D. will through directors thumbing be beets. is the thinning took the one They days this in copy note highest the for in Easter, preparation has only one land, in the irrigating turns and on two best can congregation average the that composer. written Church a been by in they were October, Saturdays when with play to is chance a reach. Here It is easily melodic, sung the Resurrec topthey in again school, met and not the whole as hymn expression, good tion Gates, Cecil whose B. by Morning older the of the beets. ped Some men interprefor musical cry out to seems it specific to beauprovide purpose was helping trucks a with gave teams and in are they as the marks tation. Follow tiful sung could by be which music able harvest to they hand, and were line not do second the copy. the On equal or either small with large groups profit of the ship net them. and The with notes tenor the take to hesitate effect. dramatic dollars. project three hundred The was orif reed the playing right hand, the for also choir for and Arranged it fine to relate a was boys what way tenor the stretches between the as gan, thirtyladies'chorus, the threepart other; of get one acquainted with each for orthe far too are bass much and cantata, numbers seven minute whose it than gobetter said them much was hand. dinary concert separately as sung be may picnic, they ing because out a knew on

joined pieces thematic whole or as a for cause. they working a were Organ of One The Story

audipublic recitatives, had by install the In to organ order it was Frank By Dr. W. Asper last spring, tion University in the itsWardfirst dig underneath to space necessary a

"Cor many years the members of the the floor large enough for the motor and when it was sung by a group composed -*- Mill Creek Ward wanted to have a blower, and it was necessary to make of Lucy Gates Bowen, Virginia Freeze pipe organ, and the story of how they a soundproof, insulated booth in the Barker, Annette Richardson Dinfinally obtained one is worthy of telling. chapel for the organ itself. The ward woodey, James E. Haslam, and P. MelMill Creek Ward has no wealthy found that they were fortunate in havvin Peterson, with Wade N. Stephens

people; nearly all heads of families there ing men who could excavate, plaster, at the organ. To demonstrate its "singearn less than a thousand dollars a year. do carpenter work, tin work, and elecability,"the composer on the same ocThe land was originally devoted to tric wiring, and all of this work was casion presented a girls'trio of young,

farming, but much of it was divided either donated or done by those on reuntrained voices, who sang parts of the up into small plots through divilief at a saving of about five hundred cantata with moving effect. Resurrecsion of estates, and most of the people dollars. In all, the ward raised over tion Morning has since found wide acnow have a small piece of ground on $2,200 for their fine instrument. All feel ceptance. It is a perennial suggestion

which they can raise vegetables for now that it was done without hardship for a truly spiritual Eastertide observthemselves and their families. Those on anyone, besides giving the members ance.

=53on UlutuaTlllessaqes

TZea/ 'IjsuvA, jAesdinA.

S WE approach the new year, the General Superintendency and the General Presidency of the A Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations wish to extend our hearty good wishes through the season's greetings and our heartfelt thanks to all the Mutual officers and teachers who have made this great Church program effective in teaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Wholesome activity makes for growth in the testimonies of Mutual members. We congratulate the more than twentyfive thousand officers and leaders of the Mutual

Improvement Associations for their recognition of the worth of the activity and for their willingness to carry this program forward.

The promise of the new year lies ahead. With its dreams and its hopes, it stretches in

unbroken beauty before us. As we enter into that new year, let us give thanks for the year that

is past, for its efforts, its pleasures, its accomplishments. Let us loot at the year which has

gone for its lessons of forbearance, charity, and high endeavor. Let us be grateful that though

we accomplished much, the joy of achievement will still be with us in those things which are yet to be accomplished. Let us call consciously to mind the failures and mistakes of that year

through which we learned the valuable lessons of patience and perseverance.

We know in this service of M. I. A. you have found happiness, for the Lord has promised

that in our work for Him we shall derive lasting joy.

May the new year find you eager to continue your work of bringing light and happiness to those you lead and enduring satisfaction to yourselves as leaders.

%-Otsixs QP: &<Lxdb

Y. M. M. I. A. General Superintendency. Y. W. M. I. A. General Presidency.

"HANDCART TRAILS"PRODUCED BY COTTONWOOD STAKE

'"Phe "desert valley of the mountains"is endowed with a rich heritage of true pioneer endeavor and unwavering faith. The trail leading to the valley

also whispers heartstirring stories of the mounds along the way. It was on

this trail that the M. I. A. play, Hand'

cart Trails, by Ruth H. Hale, found its

birth and inspiration. CAST OF "HANDCART TRAILS"

Cottonwood Stake has set a new PRESENTED AS COTTONWOOD standard for M. I. A. drama in its presSTAKE M. I. A. STANDARD

entation of this pioneer play. All the DRAMA.

depth and feeling intended by the author was superbly portrayed by the outstanding cast of twenty characters.

The real success of the play was proved by the record capacity audiences in the twonight performance schedule,

November 22 and 23, in the Murray

First Ward recreational hall.

Warmest congratulations are extended to the many people who made this play a remarkable accomplishment.

Great honor goes to the untiring efforts of the director, Mildred M. Wagstaff

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 194 T

Mutual Messages TuesdayMutual andin theparticipateSpecial inInterestfurthergroupdiscusin enemies,enemy: blessBut themI saythatuntocurseyou,you,Loveand yourpray

of the Holladay Ward, and her assistsions. for them which despitefully use you, and

pertherefore persecute you; officers ye Be these... upto-theusing Classant, sets P. Stage Woodruff. Norma

is in fect, Father as even which your their that devices assured are minute lighting accurately executedand were is 48. 5:4344, heaven Matthew perfect.—St. will classes greatly and costuming, Larsen. Music, Dickby world, the that loved so gave he For God as that enjoyed. well as Webe wellattendedknowadvertising, financing conthat were his and begotten beSon, only whosoever

ducted under the leadership of Hattie having a glorious present, the Special lieveth in him should not perish, but have

Nichols, Martha Facer, Maxine ThomInterest groups have a glorious future everlasting life.—St. John 3:16.

alert in bring ahead. the to on Be newason, respecCrabtree, and Marlow are Girls Gleaner Several hundred the organizaand encourage memberstively. their striving to achieve Golden now tion prosof groups whenever new chalout sends Stake a Cottonwood is certificates. Girl This Gleaner a new available. pective persons arelenge all the to I. A. to make Hand- M. realizes the venture, committee and

cart Trails a milestone in Mutual Imthere may be many questions about it.

provement! Therefore, when you need help, write

of in care the to Gleaner Committee

INGLEWOOD AND I. the A., of Y. Board General M. W. LOS HTfllenjeaners STAKES PLACEANGELES City, Salt Building, Bishop's 34 Lake "-"——""ON CONVENTION HONOR sent promptly. reply will be a Utah, and—Oo chairmen; Brockbank, Haymond, Hazel W. CreedROLL office this in available are same P. Lloyd, Franklin S. Harris, L. A. StevThere Wesley

Kiepe, copies C. Warner, Homer complete mimeographed Werner John D. enough tristake held convention the At in enson,Giles, Larson, Pinnock, Florence Helena Aurelia of the that plan so have each ward*"* may Bennion, Katie Marie Jensen. Waldram, C. 22, 1940, Angeles, September Los

If one. not received your have you its ofof with StakeInglewood 77% of banquet committees your activity superGleaner copy, ask All yourficers in at meetings attendance the

it. finance, in decorations, for visor to send program, stake your mu- T* its of Stake with Angelesand Los 78% sic, is It that food, busily unfortunate working who now women etc.—are special atofficers merited attending

in for active big the coming event. sure very been work Mutual to have Be honors.tendance

long class in in 161 to read Gleaner pages but not 163 your were Manual like stakes deserve other a What

It for the is suggestions. requirements timely to complete enough some a list shallcredit? glad to be them We qualify. will last to to able must idea Rules confer not year's be with good

in the the announced Era. on was As all reofficers in unless rigidly in order understand, and enforced to be adroll will folder: honorconvention an

in the problems completed vance, quirements been have appear which and may giving the of each published namebe ( ) pitfalls to for Gleaner those past be over age and as avoided preshown by its or of hasstake more which 75% certified, applications experience. vious properly be to the cost can keep Try reportofficers in of attendance. The

it is rejected. will Gleaners the All former of low, for banquet be important

will secretaries acstake bethe two file until that to are October, 1941, given able attend. everyone to be Think official. ascepted certified their applications. girls especially of the try extra and

to make a definite place for them. The M Men and Gleaner committees Has each M Man and Gleaner in of the General Boards are happy with

your class read at least part of the the reports coming in from the field.

Testament? is functionusual, this department Charles Dickens AsSpecial Interest wroteNew to his son: ing best wishes very well. With our

I put a New Testament in your books for the holiday season for each of you chairmen; Josephson, C. Marba Hansen, H.George it that sincere desire is coming the goes a the that best because ever or book was

Daines, L. L. Nelson, Edwin Anderson,Aldon J. will ever in the be world, yet, bethe best known hope and year be and we may Philo Pettigrew, T. L. Evans, H.Richard J.Alma

it cause teaches best the Anderson, lessons Minnie Vella Wetzel, T. youFarnsworth, H. by to able that people be young you may

Katie Jensen. C. Warnick,Angelyn tries which creature to any human be who live closely the to teachings even more

truthful faithful to and duty possibly can high the maintain of the Gospel and Special the success of from"Deports guided. be

in ideals the of standards Church and** to Interest classes pour continue into the M. I. A. offices. From the Daniel Webster said: every respect.

California Mission reports have come If we abide by the principles taught of the enthusiasm which Special Interin the Bible, our country will go on prosTHE BOOK OF MORMON CLASS pering, posterity but our neglect and if we is Stake creating. Libertyest OF THE SEVENTEENTH From WARD

its instructions authority, and no man clever several mimeographedcame Fireside can Another Group tell a sudden catastrophe how overmay size. in inches 4papers, by 4 all us in glory bury and proThe whelm of our

after "\T[7here your time do you spend first as used an invitabeen one had obscurity. found

tion to join the class with a list of vv Sacrament meeting? For the past

subjects from which to choose the one Passages to memorize this month two years forty to ninetyfive young desired for study. Several of these are: people of the Seventeenth Ward, Salt

papers had been used to indicate the Ye have heard that it hath been said, Lake Stake, have been profitably spendweekly program. One had a sketch of Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine (Continued on page 48)

a man rubbing his chin in perplexity while above his head appeared a large question mark. The subject for that

evening's discussion was "Are Parents

People?"Other invitations had clever

sketches indicative of the subjects to

OF CLASS BOOK OF MORMON that THE the opportunities discussed orbe

SALT SEVENTEENTH THE WARD, Interest lie in Special work. Another STAKE. LAKE

paper had been used to remind those who had been absent. This had a

sketch of a chair with the words appearing by the side:

Last Tuesday in Mutual your chair was empty. We discussed the important topic,

"What Are Families For?"Join us every

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

don't try Satur- a If you want a dance, skiing, tramp, skating, or bobsledMutual Messages games.ducting someMr. Johnsonschools willfor vanballaid in conof- day

{Continued from page 47) cials in Ogden, Provo, Salt Lake, and party. Follow it with a chili supper or

other nearby centers. by hot soup or doughnuts and cocoa

ing this time in a Book of Mormon The tournament will be held in the and you will have little expense and class. Under the sponsorship of the Deseret Gymnasium and conducted unmuch fun!

M. I. A., the class was organized in der the single elimination plan. Sixteen Let the January 28th lesson be someOctober, 1938. A president, vicepresi- teams will participate and the allocation thing very special. Our reading course

dent, and secretary were elected for of teams is as follows for the various book, Hello Life, by Elsie Talmage one year, and J. Shelby Arrigona, a councils Brandley has, we hope, been a great

returned California missionary the from strength source of encouragement and 2 4 Peaks Salt Lake TetonMission, as instructor. was selected Let's to you. a evening spend good on.....2 Parks Ogden 2 Utah required years the to read were Two it. girls parts, the dramatize Let read 1 2 River Cache Snake of tookBook members The Mormon. It's excerpts, lesson applications. hunt 1 2 So. California Tendoy

untilturns at reading time five verses a debook, a delightful compiled by a one chapter was completed. This was Eligibility of tournament players will lightful woman from the zestful work

religiousfollowed general a by in the as former and be same writer. of a A

historical discussion. years. registered player be must a essentiallyA joyous most Year Happy neverto-beforgottenmonth—a Recreational social activities is durand than Explorer not sevenmore who all the of you, is to of your wish

ing the week, as well as scriptural teen years of age on December 31 and Junior Committee!

study on Sunday evenings, are conwho is a nonuser of tobacco and tributing factors to the success of the liquor.

group. These activities have included All Explorer troops are urged to

horseback rides, swimming in Great enter teams in local competition withSalt Lake followed by a 'bread and the big Vanball tournament in Salt Hcoiifs milk"repast to the tune of classical Lake City as the goal. Further details

records; canyon trips, such as a hike to of the tournament will be given at a D.GeorgeE. Stewart,Hammond,Johnchairman;D. Giles. Wayne B. Hales,

the top of Mt. Timpanogos; socials, later date.

dances, skiing trips, and other winter A few months ago, General Superinsports outings; and not least among tendent George Q. Morris told us

these, an anniversary party on October that the great Boy Scout organization 16, commemorating the two years'orwas ours to use in any and all ways toganization of the class. duniors improve the physical, mental, and spirin varimeeting Sacrament programs itual the of our of boys manhood—CO

chairman; Harbertson, Gladys Emily H. Bennett,ous excursions wards and several "But,"use he said, Church. "we must

Grace C. Neslen, Lueen J. King. interestthrough the temple have its been honorably. and its methods name We

ing highlights of the class's activities. '"Phere can be no lovelier way of must pay our way and not 'bootleg'the

Six missionaries called from have been of America."This means Boy Scouts for starting the Junior Year New

its ranks, testimony each bearing of boy, every Scouter, every and "first that right to the leaders to get than down helpfulness of the class to his underprinciples"; to turn the light of truth every troop that is identified with the

standing of the Gospel. Members of on faith and repentance and discover Boy Scouts of America through the

the group took a threeday 900mile for ourselves their richer meanings, and M. I. A. as the sponsoring institution

trip to Blanding, Utah, to attend a fareto try with all the enthusiasm and should be registered by January 31, well program for one of these missionsincerity of conviction to present some 1941. The Boy Scout committee of

aries. of their beauty to Junior girls. To the General Board is cooperating with

The class is now devoting its time strengthen testimonies and build happithe local councils in Utah to establish to a subject study of the Doctrine and ness and spiritual security is our JanJanuary 31 as the uniform deadline for

Covenants. uary privilege. reregistration. {Concluded on page 50)

As it commences its third year of Let's be very artful about it. Just as

is largerexistence, than the group shift furniture the about in your ever, you strong remainsand enthusiasm among living or bouquet room put a new on 1. villeM MenGleanerBranch, SouthernReading StatesCourse Mission.class of Jacksontheir atBranch, Ignatius Ball of St.its members, Green through First who, Gold and the dining as room you 2.

Mission. States Northwesterntendance, to appreciate have all come try a for table—justlunch or cock your new salad Stake. Junior chorus, Michigan Missionary 3.

Girls'banquet Gleaner annual Men and Mthe blessings of the Gospel more fully. hat little farther the to as 4. First a

District, Western dance, Denver and "season"you lifeside—justwith vayour own Mission.

presented A. Dancers Seattle 5. Stake who M. I. our Junior approach we may riety—so States Greeiv the artistic and floor at Stake Gold show

If get angle. work. Let's a fresh Ball.

you've been using panel discussions, 6. Crowningthe Northernof queenStates byMissionPresidentsecondLeoannualJ. MuirGoldof

start for forget awhile them with and Stake. in Junior Ball held Green Michigan and fc$|oiMl

Ball. Gold Green Gridley Dancers at Stake and 7. girls challenging question. a your Ask

Festival. 8. Stake Angeles South Los Theme—cpthe or the about basketschool dance play, House."of the Man's 9. Cast Mancos Ward "A Christensen, chairman; Nichols, ElmerM. Mark H.

person left, first bapJones, David Brother A. 10. Madsen,Axel A. Elwood Floyed G. Winters, G. ball familiar lead game and from a

division in Brazilian tized of the the PortugueseEyre, D. Giles. John situation truth. abstract to an DramFerrel Mission, Bybee. Elder and W.

Wilshire presented "Renting Hive"the the 11. by light; its atize discuss of the idea deVANBALL TOURNAMENT Girls. BeeHive Ward velopment. the Doctrine and Read in departments Girls and BeeHive the Junior 12.PLANNED

in attendrecord have outstanding an had who for Covenants the many, wondermany ance, Stake. Nibley Granite Park Ward, is air. in the February 28"Wanball ful light statements concerning and how of Green the attendants and and Queen Gold 13.

Ball, Canadian Mission. 1 Branch, Toronto for the are the it v and dates our March in heavenly given Father has

of Island held the on Banquet 14. M MenGleaner1941 Intermountain Vanball Tourchildren that abundance to His none Kauai.

Missouri. Ball, City, and Kansas Green Goldnament. for plans Tentative the need in be cheerless alone even and

Girls'Kalihi Basketball team. the 15.16. M. recentlyevent were drawn by darkest up hours. give Let's and saddest dramatic presented the Man's by I.House"A. 17. "A

of classes the Independence Kansas and Citythe committee light of composed General repentance to Junior and on of Mission. States Central branches theBoard executives. in members Scout and Girls have they may Ball. Alberta and Gold Green Stake IS. The faithJanuary—that

girls'knitFirst Stake, Ward, Junior 19. Palmyra has Johnson, everlasting. devoted joy Roy much who

project. ting

in pioneeringtime the will little as act game, Let's festivity, If too. have a Man's presented by Rigby Stake 20. House""A

A. M. I.this year's tournament and manager you haven't holiday had your party

Branch Gold and Green Ball, Cenafter thelook details of the it isn't tournament with the Explorers, too late. 21. tralIndependence States Mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Mutual Messages hadIn been1934, aDr.troopRaymondcommitteeL. Knight,member,who symbols.come to theJanuaryoffice isforourassistancesymbol month.with

( Concluded from page 48 was appointed Scoutmaster. He has Bits of felt of every color of the rainNow is the time, Scoutmasters, if served in that capacity up to the present bow are mailed out destined to become

it has not already been done, to collect time. Dr. Knight is chairman of the perhaps a flower, a tree, a torch, each

from each boy in your troop his regisHealth and Safety Committee of the being a symbol or guiding star some tration fee and have it through your BerkeleyContra Costa Area Council, girl has chosen. Such virtues as honlocal council office before your registra- B. S. A. He is also a member of the esty, perseverance, neatness, or faith

tion becomes delinquent. If your National Council. Under his direction will be embodied in her symbol and each

registration lapsed November 1st, Dethe troop has grown from its original girl will try to acquire through the cember 1st, or January 1st, we urge that eight members to thirtyeight boys. In years these qualities as she builds totroops add fifteen, ten, or five cents 1937, the ward was divided, and conward womanhood. It is important that

respectively to the regular fifty cents sequently, the troop lost twentytwo enough time and thought be used when so that their registration is completed boys to the new Claremont Ward. In deciding on a symbol so that it is really

to January 31, 1942. 1940, the troop registered twentytwo impressed on her mind why she chose

it represents. We feel this uniform registration boys. her symbol and what

date, extended to January 31, will save tip to this time, five boys had atMany times, when admiring a symbol us much work and embarrassment and tained the rank of Eagle Scout. The on a girl's band, someone asks the quesdecidedly improve the record of L. D. first three boys to attain this rank were tion, "What does your symbol mean?"

S. troops in the annual report of the Lynn Knight, Robert Johnson, and Edand the girl looks completely blank and

National Council. Those troops that ward Pyle. These were followed by says she has forgotten. We sometimes

have established the budget plan (five Marion Johnson and Bill Parsons. wonder if she ever did know and of

cents per week per Scout) will have On November 3, 1940, six boys were what value, if it is just lovely to look little difficulty in meeting this expense. awarded Eagle badges at a very inat and means nothing more. It is our

It may be that the entire fee has already spirational Eagle court of honor which hope that this year each Bee Keeper been collected by this means. Where was attended by Mayor Frank S. will be able so to impress the girls with

the budget plan is not in operation, Gaines of Berkeley and Oscar A. Kirkthe idea of symbolism that when Junior,

troops have made successful campaigns ham, deputy regional executive. Gleaner, and even later years may pass,

by placing responsibility in the senior Features of the evening program when seeing a violet, ivy, lily, or whatpatrol leader, the troop scribe, or the were the presentation of official Eagle ever her symbol might have been, she patrol leaders to make the necessary Scout rings to the boys by Bishop Jesse will think with a smile of the incentive collections. Farr, and the presentation of Eagle pins it has been in helping her attain to a

In any case, the final responsibility by the boys to their mothers. fine womanhood.

falls back upon the Scoutmaster. Let You are now well into the winter's

us all use our Scouting opportunities work; the next year is just commencworthily and keep our membership curing, a splendid time to take about half

rent in this great organization. an hour to analyze the success and

failures in your group so far. It would

TROOP 8, BERKELEY, CREDITS help to get a sheet of paper and list your questions on about twenty howACHIEVEMENTS chairman; TO HeMs Ileen Lucy Andersen, Waspe, these is progressing. of Bertha group Some

Larson, Luacine C. Fox. Margaret Tingey, Ann C.OUTSTANDING LEADERSHIP I strict checkin read: might am How Wells. N.

I utilizawards? before ing making Am 8, reBerkeley, B. S. A.,HTroop felt the time have "Cor best some adnow the period to we class ing the

its in ceived charter December,

I to effort bringing to necessity of growing an vantage? made Have 1927. consisted of eight troop boys The girl's personattention of matter the BeeHive of each something your know of the leadershipunder LangWillard in girls participating aware, are all the ality? awards. our whole you Are As

ton. then troop succeeding as had The it all could Is principle of is the attendance the class? on based program

scoutmasters Marriner Swenson, Joseph I order? the for accomplished. giving improve on be? awards work may HowE. and Macdonald, Howard Wood, this to arises as opportunity question to whether take The now We leadershipunder to it continued whose greetings. to season's so do the are eager to becoming or not you we Weextendgrow. girls that Keepers wonderful the give Bee appreciate become our awards we

girls receive they are accomthe careless to allow and the splendid work andm cell plishing. seals regardless of well the how

girls o If conscienare our was filled.

tiously doing their work and our Bee

Keepers are making a careful check, THE GLEANER'S NEW YEAR merit. undoubtedly the system has If, By Linnie Fisher Robinson seals, accept however, girls honor

badges, Lines and Bee for work just I dedicate done, partly sometimes or even acUNTOThe thisjoy yearI know;

cepting unearned credit, there is more The chance to live it happily harm than good done. We strive with Will not pass slow,

every method at our command to build So, I must make each moment count character, to make honesty a great For harvest gold!

truth of bright bring gleaning And my girls, lives in virtue the yet of our fold. the Into

lenient act being of too very by the dauntless knew The my fathers girls to encourage almost unbe we all fear; Quench myfaith

truthful and accept awards they do not The Gospel plan they died to give merit. It is true that our program is Make each step clear;

crowded; you may not even have time Their sharing hearts inspire my days

to do all the required work, but it will And bring love in;

be a great satisfaction to you and of Their building of clean homes and state to win; Be mine girls the help to more if you do only search for wisdom beckon me can that which you do thoroughly pleasure; be and TheirAnd my

up to standard. Their vision through a spiritual sight

TROOP S, BERKELEY EAGLE SCOUTS This time of the year many requests My priceless treasure.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Cc/UUam.. QUvsl HEEDING THE

SKETCH OF A PIONEER. A MUSICIAN WARNING

By Weston N. Nordgren

By HAROLD H. JENSON

Historian, Sons of Utah Pioneers We shall lay up grain... to feed the

Saints who gather here from all the nations of the earth. When hard times commence

. will. they. at the begin house of God. pioveteran C. Clive,William loss serious or injury will arise from neer musician, of No formerly

if calamities,... as told. do are we we

Salt City and Lake now living Shall ever I tell be to brought we want?

in Overton, Nevada, is an unassuming you, if we live our religion, we never shall.

individual who would never have told—Heber C. Kimball, 1856, Journal of Disthis story had not the writer been incourses.

brief his life's musical hissistent. In pJ*ACH week of the all members Garfollows:tory is as ** vanza High Priests'group Ward

"When I was but three years old, contribute to a central fund any amount my father, Claude Clive, who was a of money they can readily put in, tailor, started me in my career. I used WILLIAM C. CLIVE LOOKING AT THE SCORE whether it be fifty cents or five or ten

to play the concertina, and as a child OF ONE OF HIS OWN COMPOSITIONS. dollars. During the following week the

artist was featured in many church and group's purchasing committee with the social gatherings. Then in hand fruit buys whatever may

teens.chestra at wholesale while in my divides and I ledMytheactualoronementshouldor learnlearnto tosing,playandsomeif heinstruwill moneybe available

training in the violin commenced unstick to it, he will succeed. The fault it equally among all group members.

der the wellknown musician of that is too often with parents, not with In this way all get an equal share, withchildren up. give they Sometimes when outday, Olson. turned Magnus me He can who embarrassment—those

in dullest turns pupil out the end contribute Beesley, toldover to more helping those Ebenezer me the can who who that George Careless should be my into be the most talented. give but little. The families of the

structor. I feel I owe a debt of grati- "I had many chances to leave my members preserve the fruit at home.

tude to them for their painstaking native Utah. I was offered a position Seventies of the 223rd Quorum living with orchestra, Brahm's wanted who inpatience me. with the North Hollywood have Ward

to they ungo east, not could and me banded together to cooperate in food- I qualified as a "Years went by and

I stay. to derstand preferred why saving. unmarried purAn member Salt the old of Theatremember Lake

I if Sometimes should I have wondered chased canning equipment, the wives firstorchestra, playing under C. J. trip not as there gone, only have my of other quorum preserve members It later Careless. and GeorgeThomas

studying under Pierce when Carl was all food, in and share the finished prodthis that time during I composedwas

I at Boston. regret not But having do uct. firstthe overture ever played in Utah

life here, for spent service and my Each contributed member he what It ofas the a composer. product Utah

all there's after like place no home."start, to could from one to doltwenty Crest,'called loud 'The Golden andwas

in Clive has not Brother played lars, that so produce can be purchased the praise the applause and comwas soloist vain. the with was renowned He wholesale its at and the on when peak received.position Brother Careless

Eddy, organist, when he market. the Only best grade of fruits to take amotioned bow, but I Clarence for me played in the Tabernacle and also is and vegetables bought, averand the everything. forgot andwas too excited

at the played National Educational cost age for per is can the contents criticized next Deseret dayThe News in Association convention Salt cents. Lake. about three finished product The its in for the receiving not reviewme

is in recitals has featured in been stored a central He place, as fast and Ijust the deserved. honors have work

as the entire throughout family those His larger West. with families can timid, event the hence beenalways and

is talented, their purchase they orchestra and needs an have from the canned practically unnoticed.went by

"Later I composed another overture, Clive'sfor theirson,ownWilliam,amusement.plays violin;Brotherhis produce,start the projectthose whoget itinvestedback, ormostput toit

and a Church anthem which has been son Joseph is a cellist and saxophone into new foodstuffs to be canned.

published and is called 'Come Into His player whose work in Salt Lake orNine families are working on this

Fold.'My 'Melody in A'brought conchestras and high schools is well known; project, and already they have canned

siderable fame, and Frank W. Asper, his two daughters, Annie and Agnes, several thousand cans of fruit and

Tabernacle organist, quite frequently also play, and all the grandchildren as vegetables. They are following the

uses this number in his daily recitals, well. fruit and vegetable season and when

and many consider it my masterpiece. Brother Clive was honored by the cold weather comes will add meat to

"I played in the Salt Lake Theatre Salt Lake Civic orchestra when his their canning activities.

orchestra for years, playing under Wilfamous overture "The Golden Crest"The Garvanza Ward group of this lard Weihe as director. I directed the was used before a large audience. He quorum of Seventy has been pooling

orchestra at the old Grand Theatre directed as guest conductor. members'money for fruit, the quorum

when Paul Hammer and a Brother Jones Here are a few statements from napurchaser obtaining and distributing the managed it. tional and local publications: produce to members in accordance

with the amount each put into the started of teaching. "Then my period Musical Currier: York "Professor New weekly pool. They have now added

I is I think have taught home, young Clive and in a man as many who stayed a canner.

his his is country, town, he not to ownpeople own the play violin as one any this project Before one could hardly [it for thirtyfive honor, without yearsliving It teacher has. joy a to was me is find of a bottle this canned foodstuff in as a musician, more] many now composer,to the with work youth and when many Seventies'group. gift of the Through leader."and

I yetcould talent, pay, not had rememfruit 1,200 quarts some of an from Deseret is Clive's "Brother tone News:

training earlybered helped and my apricot orchard, to for be pickthe had pure sympathetic."and

them all I could to succeed. If a child Salt Lake Tribune: "Mr. Clive was the ing, quorum members made their start

Ihas talent he should cultivate it. Every recipient of two encores richly deserved."and caught the spirit of the work.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

ANDREW JENSON ( Concluded from page 12) To the proverbial age of "threeand kings, sits working in his ofscore and ten"Andrew Jenson has fice, planning new historical renow added a full score of years of searches. His published books inusefulness, and throughout his long

clude Church Chronology; Historlife he has made the byline "By

ical Record, Volumes 5 to 9; History Andrew Jenson"become a mark of

of the Scandinavian Mission; Latterpainstaking labor and the signature

day Saints'Biographical Encycloof a cherished friend.

pedia, which includes four volumes; On his birthday, Elder Jenson put

and Andrew Jenson's Autobiogin a routine working day at his ofraphy. Among the DanishNor- fice, and in the evening attended a

wegian books which have been pubfamily dinner at the Lion House, lished are History of the Prophet followed by a public reception at

Joseph Smith; Kirken's Historie which he greeted his many friends.

(Church History); and Jorden Participating in the occasion were

Rundt (Around the World). A all of his six living children: Mrs.

highlight in the publishing of his Minerva J. Smiley of Miami, Florida;

Church books will be the appearance Mrs. Eleanore J. Reynolds of New

early in 1941 of his elevenhundred- York City; and Mrs. Eva J. Olsen,

page volume, Encyclopedic History Leo R., Parley P., and Harold H.

of the Church. ANDREWCALIFORNIA,JENSON NEARJUNE 15,FORT1938.TE JON, Jenson, all of Salt Lake City.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

{Concluded from page 34) Under the plan as contemplated, Eastern States: Gordon W. Etough,

needy individuals would be permitted Kanab, Utah.

L. D. S. College Observes Founding to contribute labor in partial payment Hawaiian: Ernest R. Horsley, Malad,

HpHE fiftyfourth anniversary of the for one of the lowcost residences. Idaho;Idaho. Dean G. Huntsman, Idaho Falls,.

Sandy, Japanese: Kenneth W. Harrison, of the L. D. S. -* founding College Deaths Edith Salt Lake; Archibald Utah; W. Lake, College) S. Business the L. D. (now Salt Olsen, Lake. Joseph S. Bodell, patriarch in West M.

in Salt Lake, was observed on NovemJordan Stake, formerly in bishopric, Mexican: Marguerite Anderson, Mexico

ber 15. F. Y. Fox, president of the stake high council, and quorum presiCity, Mexico; Rinda Anderson, Mexico

asspecial at ainstitution, presided Farnsworth, Colonia City, Mexico; Leona Priests. of stake High dency

Flores, Pedro fesMexico; Timoteo San alumni at student and andsembly Fisher, in Juarez, high councilman Lon Paso, El Martir, Muro, Maria Mexico;tivities the during day. Stake, Granite former of Linmember Juarez, Colonia Redd, Mexico Texas; Nora

coln Ward bishopric, temple worker, Emiliano Regino, Ajacuba Santiago, MexWinners Named in B. Y. U. and Tabernacle Choir librarian. ico; John B. Robinson, Jr., Colonia Dublan,

Oratorical Contest November 24, 1940 Juarez,Mexico;Mexico;DennisonGeorgeE. L.Romney,Turley, ColoniaColonia

HTen Brigham Young University oraMrs. Hannah Pierson Anderson, 97, Juarez, Mexico.

Robertson, England: Cyrus M. died. New convert of Midvale, Utah, subjects, religious * tors, A speaking on

Salt Lovell, E. David Todd, Wyoming; the nineteen at of from Sweden, age annual Hethe abilities in theirproved

the Lake. America, she to and recame made held contest oratoryber J. Grant Salt Zealand: Jones, R. Cleve New the plains journey across and mounwere University. Judges at thecently Salt Lake; Kirkham, Lake; Homer W.

foot. tains to on Utah contestant single declare any to S. Ottley, Saltunable Lake. Warren

winner and were forced to award first Mrs. Fannie Marilla Garner Tracy, North Central States: Paul C. Lyon, Jr.,

place to three of the contestants: Miss 96, one of Utah's earliest pioneers, died. Salt Lake; Alice Olson, Salt Lake; George

Winifred Kunz, Montpelier, Idaho; ElShe had been a resident of Salt Lake M. Rowley, Parowan, Utah;

States: Anderson, D. Northern Royal City for the past twentyfive years. Cheever and Byron Ricks, Provo;den Pocatello, Salt Buehner, Idaho; Clarence an received Each studentof Payson. Utah; Logan, Ashal Ruth Lake; J. Calder,

autographed book from President Grant "Era"Cites Missionaries B. Erickson, Salt Lake; Junior T. Lundgreen,

and a copy of Harrison R. Merrill's Released in November Ogden, Utah; James L. Shupe, Ogden, Utah.

the onDusk Lillian States: S. Keller. Northwestern of Elders lady missionand Desert, from President Tames Harris. S.Franklin Phoenix, Martineaux, Arizona; LoNephi

in aries released 1940, November, gan, Utah.

reported of several previously not and Bennett, States: Southern Viola Mae ProgramWelfare following appear on the "honor Carolina; roll": Wilmington, North F. RobDon HousingConsiders Lovell, Argentine: Asay, Orson H. ertson, Utah. Wanship,

L. Pershing Farnsworth, Mesa, Wyoming; Margaret G. HornSpanish-American: project makework Church new A Arizona; Richard Pima, McBride, Ariberger, Blanche Macleod, Canada;*"* J. housprovide hopes to good which zona; Arizona; Leroy Mesa, A. Watson,J. Boneta, Utah. Swasey,

Salt Lake. the at Whipple, Alma V.ing costs and rockbottom at

Butikofer, L. Mission: Gladys Texas Australian: Holton, Ogden, Ralph G. offer to needy time employmentsame

Falls, B. Idaho; Idaho Manwaring, James Riverton, Jensen, Utah; Henry is exUtah; the considered being byworkmen Blackfoot, Idaho. Bountiful, Utah. Walker P. Mabey, of the Salt Recommittee Lakeecutive

F. Brazilian: Salt States: L. Salt Faust, Glade, Lake. Augustus Richard Western hasgion. subcommittee housing The City, Canadian: G. Ralph Robinson, Los D. Montague, Sugar Wallace AnLake;

acquired about ten acres of land in the geles, Orson B. Spencer, Yost, Utah. Idaho; Stanley Murdock, Sugar City, Idaho;

vicinity of the state fair grounds for East Central States: Joseph E. Bateman, Theodore H. Richards, Fielding, Utah; Mythe project. Salt Lake. ron I. Seamons, Hyde Park, Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

CHEMICAL ASPECTS OF THE WORD OF WISDOM (Concluded from page 27) Wisdom lies in avoiding all of these In these advertisements, we also nefarious concoctions. find popular scientific terms andnine important are the most from after to desire the of the phrases not with date used a Many yearsthe standpoint of their physiological

in all revelation truth, of the cases, of the present but Wisdom Word effects.

10 the science of nutrition and dietetics rather in an effort to deceive the

Professor Porter of the to lead the place public to grow. Univerbegan developWith the public—tosity of California has summarized in the sciences these confidence ment of unwarranted evian came

the properties of these substances dence that heavy protein diets were article advertised. The sponsors of

as follows: not conducive to good health. Now these advertisements are using every

moderation in the use of meats is possible device to induce us to sacCaffeine acts the central nerupon (1) system,vous the kidneys, and advocated from the nutritional point rifice our health and trade our money upon (2) (3) upon the heart. It is a cerebral stimuof view. The rather recent knowlfor articles that exist, not because

lant. It overcomes drowsiness and relieves edge of vitamins illustrates the wisthey are needed for our welfare, but

fatigue. it injected Intravenously quickens profits yield statement, of they the is because grain enormous "All dom

the heart action temporarily produces and for the to of manufacturers. food the good nevertheman, strongera pulse. the it acts kidneys Upon

.".. less, etc. for. wheat diuretic manas suffer a indigestion many equal of magnitude Fraud comes

if is in caffeine large amounts. used.. essential vitamins to The man's the radio over extravagant with

in chocolate is found Theobromine are known to be relatively claims cloaked jargon in a scientific itto is caffeine Like 2%). in wheat. a nerve stimu-( 1 % healthabundant in to establish confidence designedlant a diuretic. and

In connection with presentday a particular brand of coffee, an alkaTheobromine is also found in advertising, verse four of Section lizer for our stomachs, a cure for our cocoa, and from the chemical point 89 of the Doctrine and Covenants headaches, a "refreshing drink,"a of view the Mormon substitution of is particularly interesting to the stusupreme liquor, a marvelous smoke, hot cocoa for hot coffee is an act dent of chemistry. This verse reads: and many other products of quesof doubtful wisdom. Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto tionable value to mankind. It is

evils In of consequence designs and truly that remarkable an educated requires that Wisdom will exist we conwhichyou: in the hearts do and of this public will fall for pseudosci- certain conspiring nationally last advertised in the days, mendemn I have

beverages and many other "cold warned you and forewarn you by giving entific racket!

drinks"along with tea and coffee you this word of wisdom by revelation. In view of what is known of the

because caffeine is now used extenOur national magazines and our deleterious effects of alcohol, tea, sively to give these drinks their "rebillboards carry extremely subtle coffee, tobacco, and other substances freshing effect."Caffeine is also deception in the tobacco, liquor, patnot specifically mentioned in Secadded to some brands of cigarets ent medicine, and soft drink advertion 89 of the Doctrine and Coveso that the smoker will be stimulated tisements. In these advertisements nants, it behooves all intelligent peoand thereby "refreshed"by the cafwe find alluring slogans, pictures of ple to have sufficient regard for the

feine inhaled along with the other attractive people using the article welfare of their physical equipment constituents of the tobacco smoke. advertised, and the general suggesto refrain from throwing these

tion that to use this particular article chemical "monkey wrenches"into page Compounds, The Carbon 10Porter,nRice, Chemistry, 262. Organic page

Hill, (1927). 178.McGraw willical vigor,insure andhealth,successhappiness,in life. physthechinery."gears"of their human ma-

p i FIVE YEARS ON THE SAN JUAN (Continued from page 21) "We had about decided to cook journey, and we didn't know it. He

again on our journey and traveled breakfast when I saw at a distance an said Indians were planning to rob and peacefully until we nooned the third old Indian coming towards us. He came kill us as soon as they could find

day. Then we were in some very bad and told us to hitch up our horses as enough volunteers, and he had come to

Indian territory. One by the name of quickly as possible and travel fast. We save us by hurrying us out of their

Peokon came into our camp and caused did so, but were a little doubtful as to territory.

a great deal of trouble. This Indian the Indian's plans. We feared he might "In two weeks'time we had arrived

would kick the dirt on our food and be leading us into a trap. The roads at the San Juan River, at a point called

strike our knife blades on the rocks. were through deep sand, and the horses Montezuma Ford. We were just inHe would draw his knife across his had to stop often. This seemed to anside the Utah line in the extreme souththroat to show my wife and children noy the Indian; he would stand upon east corner of the state. I very much

what he would do to them when he got the spring seat and look far and wide. liked the looks of the country, but my

help. Our boys acted as if the time had Then he would urge us to hurry a little wife felt that we were isolated from

come for them to kill or to be killed. faster. all civilization and was very down-

I begged of them not to fire the first "After a time he told us we could stop hearted.

shot. as long as we liked and travel as slow "The boys helped us build two small

"The Indians left for help and did as we wished. He asked me if I did log rooms, one for Brother Harriman

not return before nightfall. We exnot know him. I thought I had seen and one for us. They then left us. An

pected them to return before sunrise as him before, but could not place him. old man by the name of Harvey Dunton

those Indians were sun worshipers and He seemed very much hurt. He told was with us, so our company consisted

believed that the sun could see and tell me my name and where I had come of three men, two women, and eight the Great Spirit all they did, but if the from, and said he had been to our place children. We were nearly a hundred

sun did not see, the Great Spirit would many times and we had always given miles through almost impassable counnot know. So, when daylight came and him something to eat and had been good try from the nearest settlement, which

the sun came up and they had not reto him. He knew I was there with my consisted of eight families.

turned, we felt very much relieved. family. He had watched us on our (Continued on page 54)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

FIVE YEARS ON THE SAN JUAN (Continued from page 53) the smoke coming from our chimney, "It was not until April 6, 1880, that "In two weeks after our arrival, my he offered up a prayer of thanksgiving. the second company arrived, six months

wife gave birth to a baby girl, the first He found us alive and well, but with after they had left Cedar City. They

little childwhite born to eat. very living Juan. on the San on were in of 'Holethe time We had spent most3 all theseThrough mill. hardships, wheat coffee ground wife in a inthe-Rock.'lives my When had been No

was steadily regaining her health. it became necessary, we would kill a but all had suffered many hardshipslost,

"One beautiful afternoon as I was milk cow, and because we became very and were without food. They settled

trying to build a fireplace which would tired of meat, we would roast it over twenty miles down the river at a place complete the walls of our room, a friendan open fire until it had lost the flavor called Bluff. A few came to live by us."ly Navajo came to tell us that the of meat. We had looked all winter

WhiteRiver Utes were on the warpath for the company that left Cedar in the and had killed the Weekes family up fall to bring us food. They had never f"ife at Montezuma took on a comriverthe just line arrived aspect; the over munity (or Arizona a ward and 2 we were very anxious forand their safety. to kill be there would us about branch) organized, a Sunday was

nightfall. us to wanted with him go He School conducted; holidays were out, "Our wheat gave Brother and his tribeto safe, where be would we celebrated a homemade said leave. Harvey with Dunton he wouldbut that remembered we been had we cleaning flag his fluttering in out American the found he wagon On

if thatpromised did part our no we little in a sack, wheat a he which gave breeze; visited neighbors and each us. fortifiedharm to would come We us, to saying he a had gun and good other, miles. often walking manyourselves as best in could room. one we live would wild after game. on Just he granted a even town was The in holes the to shoot made wallWe left, another Indian the missionary by postoffice. builtthrough. store children Davis Brother a to The put bed were of told called Lewellyn Harris name and kiss, tearwith a the many and two and bought buckskins wool and and that the us in there be company would their took beds. the watch by built Indians. the from a water He ten about days. told wife him we My stood with our guns loaded. AboutmothersWe first the get wheel to and water was did last not days. have to bread twomidnight the barked dogs ran and up the land. the on But water same hungry was ragged and and He wantedthe river after bank, but they a while to three life stay days, to told the struggling which wife meant and my back. restlesscame were very They he that him she welcome, but was was colonists also to threatened destroyfor time, but some daylight when came at loss to a to to give what him know to their them. build had They the found Indians the hadwe crossed eat. to told her for cheer, of be good He successively houses higher onriver short distance a were up and her over. worst days were stayed He in for flood ground. 1881 of themaking strongholds August renethe of A his time, I after and he asked gone had Indians.gade carried river the bemile quarter a getting wife she where the my was

its to thresthe the passed banks Davis in yond winter but peace "We to the wheat said bread. make She

were very lonesome. In the spring we from the sack Brother Dunton had left. hold, where men watched night and

had the pleasure of seeing our old I hefted the sack and there seemed to day ready to carry Sister Davis and friend, Brother Thales Haskell, Indian be as much as when he had left it. her daysold babe to safety.

missionary interpreter. Brother and again And was an unwe knew there menacing as flood was the conAsErastus hearing in Salt Snow, Lake seen controlling our welfare. Hand stant Indians. danger of hostile One thatCity killed the been had we by

Indians, had sent Brother Haskell to zSpeaking of the "long, lonesome winter"of 1879day word came that a tribesman had see if it was true, and if so, to give our 80,no mentionAlbert R.of Lymanthe maincomments:event of the"[Thewinter,account]the comingmakes been killed by the whites and the

bones as decent a burial as possible, and of the four scouts from Holein-theRock, who succeedIndians were seeking revenge.

if not, to stay until the second comwithed in themreachingtwo themor threeaboutdays,Christmastelling timethemandaboutstayedthe Brother Davis closed up his store, pany came. When he saw at a distance main company for whom they were so eagerly waiting."and, strange to say, was prompted

to unload his gun. When the warriors came and found the store

closed, they became more angry.

One raised his gun to shoot Brother

Davis'son. As the father jumped

before the weapon, the boy reached for the family unit was gun—but fifadJiic. fookiw/. to talk loaded episode led the and

and reconciliation rather than gunis powder and bloodshed. SAFE That night, while the family sat

round the open fireplace, Sister

Even a child can cook electrically... Davis, ears alert, suddenly slipped

safely... for Electric Cooking is as safe outside to return as suddenly with

as Electric Light. fifteen or twenty heavily armed warriors at her heels. She had heard

Why not join the thousands of home theiralone,approachdown a long,and walkeddark boweryquietly,to dwellers who have changed welcome them. They wanted to

to Electric Cooking? know why the family were not afraid

of them. The fearless reply that

firmly family believed good See Your Range Dealer the for be returned would good seemed or Utah Power & Light Co. to please the Indians. Fed and ap8See The Improvement Era for January, 1940, page

: a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Five Years on the San Juan peased, they shook hands, told the "MILK WHITE"EGGS family to stay within their own fence for safety, and departed good are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schoolsfriends.

Such was the daily fare at Montezuma on the San Juan, a country cliffdwellers ages the evenwhich of Make These Nationally hard. foundago had A fulness

in 1884, inaffliction midyear came risFamous UTAH EGGS of the steadily the bankswhen ing river gave way and destroyed the The Choice In YOUR Home!

settlement.

"Higher and higher it came until all but Brother Haskell's and our home ASK FOR "MILK WHITE"EGGS AT YOUR GROCER'S had gone with the rushing water. In

the midst of the flood could be seen that furniture, everything goeshouses, cats Utah Poultry Producers'Coop Assn. and Even dogs a home.to make

were trying to climb their own homes.

All we had gained in our five years of hard labor and suffering was swept away in a single night. In one week's

time our beautiful crops were reduced to sand bars."

Concluding his account, James a natural

Davis has written substantial "We never set foot on our land again. After receiving our release we

were compelled to leave our home and store just as they stood. Again we

traveled through some very rough country. We camped on the banks

of the Grand River one week. Therewas only a row boat to take six or eight If you enjoy a real bread flavor—l>wagons over the wide and swift river. natural flavor that satisfies your taste FINE

taken a and wereThe wagons Bread. It's Royal choose full UreaD'—you'll at taken. a timewheel came was apart,We food energybuilding natural, of good, Saltthrough Valley and Lake Cache

and up through Logan Canyon. As substances.

my wife looked down on beautiful Bear

Lake, she was filled with fear. ExTry the new Royal Vitamin B-l

day every delicious Homeperience taught a great White her to have had Bread—a

at your grocer's loaf. water. on coming Made styledread of However,

down into the valley, we found it to be perfectly calm and safe, very much ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake and Ogden—100% Homeowned—100% American

unlike the water we had left."

"Calm and safe"—that was the K>M.o-a-i>-o.

most appealing aspect of their newlife in Paris, Idaho, first on a hunlos angeles BE INDEPENDENT dredand-sixtyacre farm and finally Hotel Lankershlm No Other Vocation so Profitable

I established comfortable 7THin a JROADWAY home ENROLL NOW in town. Davis $2.50 James and Mary at the Course Bargainings$3.00 $1.10 For a Complete "No

tranthe remainingpassed years LOS No ANGELESWorry"

Frank wtihon,quilly, years the satisfilled with Oporttor Quish School of Beauty Culture faction of knowing they had anThe Best in the West swered the calls made upon them. 336340 S. Main, American Bldg.,

James Davis died February 1, 1920, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH eight yearsand his wife later, on NoInformation. For Further OffER.. WE Call or Catalog Characteristically, 928. 20, 1vember A COMPLETE

or 4-0313 SERVICE left ENGRAVING his to family "the DavisJames

Portraits to the Largest Cy, Missionary in This From \ Fill principalhistory of of the events Catalogues my Coupon Attention Mail Orders Prompt Given I it rfslife so that pass may, away, when

CO. ENGRAVING UTAHI hope, strengthen their faith in the 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City,Gospel of Christ."Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

SETTLEMENT ( Concluded from page 9 large family; you cannot possibly get

average, than the men who do not. along with one cow. Now. that

I believe that to those who are libother man has got a small family January eral the Lord gives ideas, and they and six cows; he could just as well

grow in capacity and ability more give two or three and still get along rapidly than those that are stingy. all right."As he started home, he

I have that faith, and I have had it walked four or five blocks, all theCLEARANCE from the time I was a boy. time getting weaker and weaker.

I believe there is a great deal in the Finally he thought, "I guess I of story that have some you may difwon't,"then the he realized and in reof modern read, a donation which was spirit the ference in temptthat was quested, and a man decided to give ing him and the one that had a ham. He had a smokehouse full prompted his promise to the Presiof hams and he had decided to give dent of the Church that he would

a ham to some poor person that give a cow. Here was a spirit telling

needed a donation. When he went him to fail to fulfill his obligation, to

in there, he picked out a nice large fail to be honest, to fail to live up to GAS ham, and the spirit came over him, his promise. He stopped short and

"Now, that is a big ham; you don't turned around and said, "Mr. Devil, APPLIANCES need to give that person such a large shut up or just as sure as I live, I will

ham; give him a little one."He said, walk up to Brother Brigham's office

RANGES him"Shuttwoup,hams,"Mr. Devil,so he orhadI willno moregive andnot temptedgive him anythe othermore.cow."He was

whatever. trouble—none Latterday Saint every Now, I heard a story of a brother REFRIGERATORS

a lifter and not a leaner. (I ought to be forgotten have his name now) who

attended a meeting in the early days. I believe that we are indebted to our

for the faculties WATERHEATERS President Brigham Young made an Heavenly Father appeal for donations to send to the with which we are endowed. But

CIRCULATING Missouri River to help the Saints for the blessings of the Lord we in this could accomplish nothing gather to Zion. everyHe wanted HEATERS all Believing that we owe could afford it, to give body an world. who

ox or a cow or any other donation. to our Heavenly Father and that He

YOU SAVE said,One "Igoodwillbrothergive a cow."jumped Anotherup and ciationhas requiredand gratitudeus to showin oura financialapprelife battle of in the accomplish by first TO a cow."brother had two we The 10% brother got up and said, "I will give way for all that we do and all that 40% that tenth of returning one to Him family; cows the other a large and

brother had a halfdozen cows and a which He gives us the ability to earn, small family. And, so the spirit we show lack of gratitude when we

came over the first man, "Now, look fail to do this. I believe the liberal

It's your opportunity to modhere, you cannot get along with your man divineth liberal things.

ernize your home with late model Gas equipment—at a

big discount. Every appliEVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

ance in this great Clearance (Continued from page 33) These titles imply that those who of approval. divine stamp the faith in Revebear them have a living God, is brand new—never been in various lation be received children etermay His upon who bestows

used. The quantities are ways ( See Improvement Era, Nov., nal truth for their good. These titles

limited, so we urge you to that1938);the butrevelatorit alwayshas sopresupposeslived and implyare capablealso thatof receivingthe childrenandofobeymen

come early to avoid disapconducted himself as to be in tune ing such truth. One who bears the

or harmony with the divine spirit of title of prophet, and they who sustain pointment. revelation, the spirit of truth, and him as such, are first of all believers

therefore capable of receiving divine in God, and in a divine plan of salConvenient Terms messages. vation for the human family; and,

In summary: A prophet is a secondly, they commit themselves to

perceiver of hidden truth; a reveposes of the Almighty. Were it notMOUNTAIN FUEL teacher of known truth; a seer is a the task of bringing to pass the purSUPPLY COMPANY latorthe widestis a bearersense, theof newone mosttruth.comIn revelator"so, the titlewould"prophet,be empty,seer,hollowand

Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo monly used, the title prophet inwords. As it is, they are clarion calls

Serving 23 Utah Communities cludes the other titles and makes of of the Church of Christ to a world the prophet a teacher, perceiver, and walking in the dim shadows of unbearer of truth. A. W. derstanding.—/.

Sweet and Sophisticated (Continued from page 25) stairway and saw her—caught his

breath at her modest matureness.

She was lovely in a Grecian drape, silvermetal gown, withmatching silver slippers, twinkling d down the oaken stairs. Gordon's

violets caught near her white throat,

could not Bruce Gordon—thoughwere the true deep color of her eyes AMBASSADOR fordetermine them now, she wore

silverthe halfmask that he had sent HUB OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA'S GREATwith the violets,

A small silver bracelet on her delicately rounded arm and the pearls at her ears were the only jewelry that she wore. Her hair, unlights, gold.der the molded was

silk- Y> her she held overLoosely arm en gloves and a silver cape.

The judge introduced Gordon then, only as the "Mystery Man."

He might have been one of many WITH IT'S 300 6ALA tall, Mary darkhairedknew—but younghis voicemenheldwhomher ENTERTAINMENT EVENTS

unknowing.

Coming toward them she gave Bruce Gordon her hand, saying,—Mysterywith a smile,Man.""Good evening, Mister MJilf 'M Bruce Gordon laughingly answermm

ed, "And to you Miss Mystery.

May we hurry on, please, I'm afraid we've missed several of the skits already."

Then he was placing the silver Hotel's this Great shoulders. her aboutcape At the ENJOY mM waiting. taxicabcurb a was of Play! 22 Acres m

Crystal Pool and Cabanastudded Suntan /it the gay Arts Masque, Beach—Golf and Tennis—Miniature City

well under way, when Bruce and of Smart and Fascinating Shops—Motion

arrived, the and the twoMary Judge Picture Theatreand the World Famousinto turlaughing, thewere drawn bulent, colorful maelstrom that slowly swirled around the ballroom of the new Art Lodge.

Tonight it was exotically aglow RENDEZVOUS OF LEADERS OF SOCIETY with the low lights of tasseled oriAND STARS OF STAGE AND SCREEN ental lamps and swaying Chinese lanterns overhead. From a grove of 6V2 Easy Minutes from Los Angeles'Fipapier-mache palms, the orchestra nancial Center...Within easy reach of the

was playing softly, and a romantic "4k blue Pacific and next door to glamorous tenor was singing the theme Hollywood. /

After the Masquerade's o'er, Ideal headquarters for turf enthusiasts theAfter dance is done,

How many vows will be made, there, who will find Santa Anita most accessible

How many hearts beat as one? during the 47 racing days from Dec. 28.

After the dancers unmask, when

True lover's pledges are asked,

How many romances will last, then,

After the Masque-rade? f]. E. BENTON Vice President OUTSIDE 3400 Wilshire Boulevard

The music stilled to silence and and Managing Director! WITHROOMSBATH Los Angeles, California

at the drummer's crash of cymbals, FROM the dancing couples for the turned announcement from the master of $roo (Continued on page 58) a

iHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

SWEET AND SOPHISTICATED ceremonies—a(ContinuedgayfromBohemianpage 57) in artwothrillwereof sensinggliding howamongperfectlythe throng,you beauteousDangerous Madamedance rivals,Pompadour.indeed!

tist smock, beret, and pantaloons. his masked eyes lowered attentively None other, in fact, than the cam-

A contest dance—he was saying. as he smiled as you floated on wingpus favorites of a year gone, whoThe best pair of dancers—to be ed slippers—to triumph! had once said that you had to "pet"chosen—by the applause of the auSoon there were only a dozen, to get a date.

dience. His voice trailed off, "On then four couples, besides Mary and Mary's heart throbbed faster andwith the dance—Bruce, left on the floor. Mary recfaster as the critical handclappings

The orchestra struck up the theme ognized several of the dancers of the audience honored them abovewaltz again—"After the Masquegirls and fellows whom she had the others. Oh! the ecstacy of this

rade's o'er—After the dance is known in school and college. evening!done—In costume, they were paired—Deliberately, seeming unaware of

It was all grand fun. Oh, the highhatted Beau Brummel and their selection, Gordon danced with

—andMary tolostthehimselffartherandend hisof thepartnerhall

in a crowd of merrymakers passing downstairs to the Trophy Room.

From every side they were hailed of Power with congratulations, and soon theA New World master of ceremonies himself had sought them out for presentation asFor Small Farm Operations the winners of the contest dance.

In the ballroom again, the withners, theneargrouptheof orchestra,other eventBrucewindrew Mary into the seclusion of the paperpalms and handing her anOLIVER envelope he said quietly, "Before we unmask, Mary, I believe this letter will explain everything. You will have time to read it

now."60 She opened it wonderingly. There

was a notation that she read first:

Handles 1-2 plows, plants and cultivates 2 or more rows. Steel wheels Dear Miss Mary McKean: tires available. or rubber

I have presumed to answer your recent letter to the Heartthrob's column—tonight,

Big Tractor Features in Forperson!a time, please understand, I am the

for Call, authorized "answerman"The FEATURES THESE CHECK secretary her Miss Constance At Small Tractor Price C and enhigh compression Big 4-cylinder gine. having been unavoidably detained out of

available. lights Selfstarter and

TipToe or Rubber steel wheels Consequentlythe city, while Ionwasa trip,the byonea snowstorm.assigned to The Oliver 60 is the newest, handsomest can betiresfurnished.

their here. until for return frame. "carry steel on"them

for farms. tractor small It is a control governor "FuelMiser"1-2 plow, SturdyOliver authorized If I overstepped have my Control beneath costs. fuel cuts features trespass. tractor forgive please big tractor with bounds, tworow my wheel. steering

cultivation. clearance "answerman,"High Believe me, your sincere, positive, seat; upholstered comfortable plantcentrally for latemounted Exclusive

Gordon. Bruce cultivators. ers and

to handle; controls; easy easily reached seat, high up upholstered Comfortable

big highcompression engine; the famous Clearfor greaterplatformvisibility.with plenty of room to It was written on The Call's

Oliver centrally mounted tools and many FingerTipstand on. Control—controls easily "Heartthrobs and Problems"letterother features. Check the list at the right. FourreachedSpeedsfromForward,seat. one in reverse. head, and Mary caught her breath See the new 60 at our nearest branch or Streamlinedvisibility. tapered hood for greater in a little gasp of surprise—and

availat Gordon. TakeOff Bruce Lift quickly looked up Power and it, Power for folder. special write see you When able. eyes his smiling, but masked was He furnpulley belt can be TwoSpeed

you'll sure Oliver 60 we're say the gives ished. nothing. told her lubricaengine feed force sides, Hood

it for before Try more money. your you you temperlater, looked water pressure tion, and when, Mary Even

curtain, auradiator oilgauges, ature of eyes tractor. into the steady, deep any brown buy differential brakes. steering tomatic

Bruce Gordon, as they unmasked, she was not more thrilled, or the MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO, moment when Judge Landor graspOGDEN, UTAH ed a hand of each of them in congratulations, in the happy moments 12 CENTRALLY LOCATED BRANCHES friends crowdsurprised were

Rupert, Idaho when Falls, Shelley, Rexburg, Idaho Idaho Logan, Utah Ogden, Utah praise. Buhl, Idaho Or Preston, them ing around Idaho Idaho Idaho in warm Murray, Utah Tremonton,

Twin Utah Blackfoot, Falls, during the grand march when she Idaho Idaho

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

SWEET AND SOPHISTICATED strolled proudly around the room on chums and the fellows you think most of in indulgers are have ofthe of Bruce Gordon. arm None

dislike. rather you shown

those events in her dearer were failings those their tolerate the thingsEven—you'dthan thatgive youup

memory than when she first read dear friends you've been 'pals'with since days. schoolBruce Gordon's letter. earliest have to give them up; at 9JUL (BsAt- "Oh, you won't

Her eyes were misted with happy show them up! Many of them you can win

tears as she read: over to your side of the argument. So many The WINTER"Dear Mary: becauseof them theydo thosethink things,it smart—anyway,'sophisticated.'merely

holder fingers long toy with a "Dainty things, deceitful are sometimes "Words OMRTER cigarette. its Overly burning with pungent often we're misled very them by—and spoonsip or a gulp lips wine lipsticked auntil their true discover meanings. we 6—March 21 that's January ful of "If 'sophistication* smart being did mean a medicine—for whiskey—like

thing to do. the 'swanky'to be dear, supposed chic veryand and my wise—then,

true sophistication, start of the "That's I callI'm sure might name. you by that

True, as you've written, persons so often in its ugliest definition. Stupid, silly ges- * Rich offering of courses.

mistake the word for expressing just those tures. Certainly nothing smart about it Students entering coloneself. deliberately druggingthings. first for time may It is lege ideal of a girl? a fellow's "What is sophistication dictionary "But says my full profor register a other every as in the essentially same nowis: by, souse of, or deception "(a) Thephistry; a leading, or going astray by or age. His desires are for a feminine compan- g r a m of beginningas by sophistic reasoning, (b) State of beion. For home—family—and fireside friendcourses.

ing involved, or subtle; state of being ships, first, for pursuits which he enjoys

enthusiasticwill his wife doing which and naturalsimplicity, or directness,without cultural adExceptional that he for pleasures him, ally with share artificiality.'ness; lectures, convantages: sports outof-doors her; with can enjoy only see, I by you "So, must know you of high certs, redramas social lovely of Mary.your arts—and entertainments—the name own

"It is truly unfortunate that you should ligion. values.

have experienced only the 'sophisticated'"All of a fellow's associations with a consideration to a ultimately girl of I are activithey studentkind of know Varied parties—though the unare should. They these best''very the indulged times in bymany inleadthings—or ties; intramural and that he of life nuggets gold girls. fellowsof and sports. tercollegiate refines. too, will you and I know, "But, Mary, tarnishablefinds—and

artificial synthetic "The fine, 'good'gay, are pleasures—the as therethat many

parties given—and by just as many fine sophistications that he indulges in are only Triweekly devotional

gold. lumps of fool's the worthless ever. of this and people day inspiring adyoung assemblies; age—as

"Sincerely, I admire you protest, and I know, "You'll and dresses by spiritual Gordon.""Bruce girl closest that loyalty, yourfor your leaders. educational

ORRIN PORTER ROCKWELL Leadership Week intimated 15) page (Continued from Emma, that it was cowJanuary 2731 fail. I will mentionchance would said: therefore ardly, Joseph

of those them, as emblematic of fewonly a But "If my life is of no value to my to be written. numerous too arewho

there is one man I would mention, namely, friends, it is of none to myself."

is a fellow Rockwell, Porter now whoOrrin to turned He then his exile from myself, with anwanderer shall I do?"asked, "What deeds and of the murderous becausehome, Porter and HRIGHAM

the infernal, fiendish dispositions of the inPorter replied, "You are the oldthe of unrelenting handdefatigable and best: and to know ought est, and as YDUNG

Missourians. lie I will with bed, your make you boy; innocent and noble may He is anGod almighty deliver him from the hands you."UNIVERSITY

was innocent and before Joseph pursuers. is anof his He Two days

him. loves soul child,noble to Provo, Utah and my message sent a he Let murdered,

ever. Let for everthis and be recorded in Carthprison cell Porter from his his be of salvation honor and blessingsthe

in to remain Rockwell age, urgingportion.8

Nauvoo and not permit himself to

Pouring the year 1844, persecution be captured by his enemies again. ATTENTION! AH Property Owners!

became so intense that the One afternoon about three o'clock Would your present firefighting equipment of the out were felt if he Prophet effectively if fire should strike you? was the—it satisfied be his enemies wouldway murdered, June day27th—Porterthe Prophet waswas serve you

to the extent that the Saints could making his way up a stairway in the COMET RED operates on an entirely different prinlive in more peace. It was for this Mansion House. He had left his equipment

extinguishers marks ordinary and from to go decided thatreason Joseph enhe in room. As hat upper an against fight in man'sfire era ciplenew later. follow to thewest, SCIENTIFIC, Church This equipment the afire. find MODERN,constant to surprised tered, he was

install. to economicalis and DATE, UP TO enof the out three the of menOne Ford Governor occupied by room

tire body of the Church whom the of Illinois and a few of his militia WRITE AT ONCE

INC. to accompany asked Prophet COMET, RED him on officers. were all sitting The men

Littleton, Colo, Bldg., Cometthis Porter Rockwell. journey was the governor. The 767 Red silently except or

But when a few, including his wife, latter was standing behind a chair J. V. NELSON as Porter Just a speech. making son). Journal Prophet's (the Smith Joseph Salt Lake City, Utah en403 North 9th West

of Nauvoo."(Of RememberHistory, DoIII, "What Phone 4-0213 governor's hand tered the room the 3, Vol. Church).I Reorganized the pp. 138142.

Lamoni, Iowa, 1910. (Continued on page 60)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

ORRIN PORTER ROCKWELL IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS {Continued from page 59) him and some on horseback had come

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple dropped from an uplifted position in pursuit. Porter and Belnap dissore throat and other minor mouth with these words: "The deed is mounted and with their rifles drove

and throat irritations. done before this time."the mob back.*

All was suddenly quiet when The man in the buggy reported in. happened, and Porter releft Rockwell hastily had what walked HeHall's Canker Remedy full again. a brokenhearted turned to Nauvoo, of these meaning The

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake did man. City, Utah words not impress themselves on

Porter for an hour or more. Then The oldest son of the Prophet,

he suddenly realized the treachery of who was at this time but a boy, was

Ford. He leaped on his*. horse and very fond of Rockwell. He sought

accompanied by Gilbert Belnap, every opportunity to be near him. When sped for Cavthage. But it was too It was just at dusk that he saw Porter

late. Governor Ford had delibercoming up the street from the hotel.

ately left Carthage for Nauvoo with The boy was standing in the doorhis militia. This left the way open yard in front of the house by Water

for the bloodthirsty Carthage Greys Street. Young Joseph climbed over

Home Burns tokilleddo Josephtheir murderousand Hyrumdeed.Smith,Theyhis thestoodfencebeforeto meethim, Porter.Rockwell Ascouldhe

brother, about five p. m. of that day. not compose himself. He broke into

There's a certain amount of As Porter and Belnap neared tears and sobbed, "Oh Joseph, Joseph, they comfort killed the only friend have that should Carthage they to know in coming saw a man fire I ever had."destroy full a tonight speed. buggy at your home a was He

you are covered by Fire InMormon who had been near Car- ( To be Continued) stance. thage, and who, when he saw what Gilbert Belnap, Private Journal, Ogden, Utah;

unpublished. fled, happening, turned was and and will insurance Such indemnify Smith BJoseph (son of the Prophet) op. cit.. Vol. 3. but not before the spied mob had 138148. 4647; pp. for the loss you incurred and

allow you to rebuild your home without financial hardship. WELLSPRINGS OF LIFE

It's worth a good deal to have ( Continued from page 1 1 quaintance ripened into a friendthis protection in these times. to go to Cache Valley. As they ship, and then a courtship, and fiSee our agent in your town. camped at the forks of the road, nally, quite unlike boys do now, he

waiting for some team that was gowent to talk it over with her father ing north with whom they could first. The father said: "Well, I have UTAH HOME FIRE travel, a man with an oxteam, no objection to you, but I need the

INSURANCE CO. coming from Salt Lake, approached. help of the girl. She is working in

said mother to her The husband: for the cooking a group and home HEBER & CO. J. GRANT that see "Thomas, you do comman built (the the of men"men who General Agents is ing? to going That man be Magfirst I in "If sawmill Logan). may 22 South Street Main gie's husband."her Maggie was I for help her years, have two Salt City, Lake Utah eldest, thirteenand-a-halfyear- her feet to able be be on would and my

old daughter. The father said: "Oh, get along, and she would be older

woman, you don't know what you and better able to be a wife."She

are talking about. You don't know was fifteen and a half years old

is, is the she only and who man a then.DANCE is all PROGRAMS child."right,"said: "That she TO MADE ORDER said: the all But "That's man size or at design shape, prices.Any low will see, will We he "You become Maghave from. you choose many styles Write may I right, but twentyenough, am old gie's husband."twentyfive prices. wasfor samples and He

100 Tickets $1.25—500 for $2.50 years of age. He was single, all seven now, and in addition to that

right. Yes, he lived in Cache Val- I have been made a bishop, and a

bishop ought to married be a man. ley. to conference. been HOVEY He had Phone 3-0617PRESS to She wouldn't have any work25 East North Temple on his Salt Lake City back, and He was way

would be glad to travel with them. harder for me than she is working

It took three days, in that time, for you, but I don't want to rob you. thing in only The the way to that it in journey make make We the help gives she you. much How hours, about formnow. two They

she earn?"does dollars a "Two the acquaintance. ed sheENROLL is Although NOW if Later (Commence Desired) "I'll tell week."said, "Well,"he she young, mature, bewas was

1*11 you. you. need pay say you$25. You Discount on Complete a in cause, being eldest the the famCOURSE CULTURE I help for her will years. two pay ily, responsibilthe she School had carried A StateINAccreditedBEAUTY

ity of driving the cow for the milk you two dollars a week for two

Ogden School of Beauty Culture for the rest of the children, carryyears."

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH ing her little brother on her back. It was agreed upon. They were

Name She was mature beyond her years. married, and lived happily ever

Address City.State Girls were a bit scarce in Cache afterwards. The man was my faValley, so the next year the acther. The woman was my mother.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Wellsprings of Life

Now, isn't that romance? Hereis a little English boy that left his *wy, THIS IS

home in England, drove a herd of sheep across the plains, and met,on a country road in western AmerABOUT MEr ica, a Scotch girl who had made says Elsie, the Borden cowa remarkable journey. How far

would you go to meet the right boy? Yes—whole books could be

far young you would go, myHow girl? to rightbrother, meet the That written about the care and

far? Yes, I am sure you would. thoroughness of the Borden

Why? Why did the Lord bring our system of quality control.

fathers and mothers from the ends On the farm, at the plant theirof the give earth? To children—the slogan is the same: "If findthe to opportunity companionships in the faith and in the House It's Borden's, it's got to be

of Israel. The Jewish boys and girls, good."

though widely scattered over the So look for the Borden St. Charles label.

face of the earth, nevertheless, beBuy several cans of this fine evaporated cause milk today. It's irradiated with vitamin D. father ofJudah—namely,the promise madethat throughto their

him or his posterity the King, the

Messiah, the Leader of Israel centshould per come—eighty of if its Tknfontifaith; within theirthem marry own

for if they should marry out of their IT'S GOT TO BE G009 faith, marry out of their nation, that blessing would never come to their posterity. There is justification

for it. / GST GO MANY

You sons and daughters of that COMPLIMENTS ON MY

Joseph, the brother of Judah, whose blessings were so much superior BANANANUT CAKE that his brethren sold him into NOW/Egypt, to get rid of him—have you

any reason why you should find, It's easy to bate cakes thai win praise like Abraham's son, Isaac, a wife or when you use Globe "Al"Special Cake a husband in the faith? That is the Flour! Try it for this famous BananaNut

very purpose or one of the great Cake. See how tende and light your

purposes for which the Lord cake turns out! See how much longer

brought our fathers and mothers it stays fresh and moist!

from the ends of the earth, to give to find suitableyou the chance comRECIPE PACKAGE ONpanionships. for? of Buy a package Globe "Al"What To fulfill

His great purpose to establish here theSpecialfamilyCakewithFlourthistoday.BananaNutDelight

a race of men and women, I say, the Cake tomorrow!

like of which the world has never yet seen; but you shall never do it

living like the world.

My dear young brethren and sisters, I promise you that if you will subscribe to the Gospel standards of purity of life, if you will be willing to follow the suggestions of those who love you, to find companionship within the pale of the

Church, and take advantage of the glorious opportunity the Church offers you to make your marriage the most secure marriage there is in this world, you will be grateful and blessed your beyond power of from ones and loved away home JUMMjuA ID IADUL/Uexpression, oh, important and how There is close to ties. them no better way of keeping home and churchthat that is in an age a is showing

(Concluded on page 63) Send the ERA.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

SOLUTION OF DECEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleIsrael's Deliverers "Nevertheless the Lord raised up judges, which delivered them out o/ the hand of those that spoiled them."(Judges 2:16.)

CDOC=>OCZ>OCZ>OCZ30C=>OCZ>OC30<rz>0

CL

Tn Keep Your Current Magazines..

A Mew and Practical ACROSS.. 37 "did as the. had said untoBinding Development i 'Andmade"when there was an him"

7 Greek letter 39 "The Lord... with thee"

..."12 "And. Gideon was come"will in "I 40 thy put hook is my Here a convenient new and

... 13. "sword of.. Lord, "until and of the that 43 day entered.. to keep way your magazines as Gideon"into the ark"

in, they orderly come readily and... 15 it remember God, "O me"44 Israel"a custom in "And...

accessible. It consists of a durable, 16 American actress 45 Shamgar slew 600 men "... an

attractive cover, so devised that 18 Lost ox goad"twelve issues of THE IMPROVE20 "forup"this cause have I thee 4748 ElderCleaner

MENT ERA can readily be placed 21 "head and captain over..."50 Ruthenium

therein, ready for convenient read22 "Give... a blessing"51 Swedish measure; reference

ing. 23 North central state 52 "And... land had rest forty

24 Not cooked years"This binder eliminates the con26 "came... to her for judgment"53 "the Lord the... be... this day"

Old state Note; Testament book 55 fusion table reading your on Unless which 2830 Bird with 56 single repeated note

is likely result to various when your Shelter 32 Warble 57 current magazines are left to lie 33 "Now there was... appointed

sign"Text from is 12, Our Judges 13, 15, about loose.

34 "... shall I be weak"21, 20, 26, 28, 37, 44, 34, 35, 45,

We can supply covers for hold35 "Out of... eater came forth 52, and 53 combined

meat"of current issues ing twelve any DOWN publication, other (and Church 1 "and his master shall bore his ear 27 Featherlike publications as well), at surpristhrough with an..."(var.) 28 Smallest particles

ingly low prices. 2 "Jesus stood on the..."29 Fish

3 Bristle 31 Monogram for Jesus

Write for further information, or 4 Against 33 "after Abimelech there... to decall at our office for a demonstra- 5 Army officer fend Israel Tola the son of

6 Dull, heavy sound Puah"in Valley tion. 8 which David killed 36 Chop

Goliath 38 "Then sang Deborah and Barak 9 "... of pleasures more than... the son of Abinoam... that

of God"day"of trees; mater (anag.) 41 suffix Chemical

". not.Q/he LOeseret ftews 1110 Genus"Ye shall.. unto.. to the word 42 shew thyself approved

which I command you"unto God"

Printer's 14 measure Siamese 44 measure; reversed, a tree ress...

17 planteth "he an..."Son of Caleb 46 1 Chron. 4: 15

29 Richards Street 19 Scaffold 49 Greek letter is... Salt Lake City 2322 "an"make...... soulof shallthy name"suffer hunger"5153 Sweetheart"fair weather:(Scot.)for the sky

25 "thy love to me was.., pass54 "and said,... in this thy might

ing the love of women"and thou shalt save Israel"62 26 "meet for the master's..."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1941

Wellsprings of Life adwellmoment,in Hisbut presence,to be privilegedthe veryto (Concluded from page 61) fountainhead of all light, of all pow- "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS1"

divorce rate the highest that the er, and of all truth, forever and world has ever known.... forever.

I plead with you that as you Young men and young women, contemplate this you contemplate talk about "youth movements"TIMES ARE also the high and holy purpose of the greatest opportunity to make a marriage itself, not the childless youth movement worldrenowned marriage, that leads often to quick and glorious is yours. Arise and CHANGING—

and easy divorce, but that you will shine, and become the very light of earth. holy sacred rethe the salt contemplate the world, of the and The

this sponsibility, divine order to fiiqhL TbwJ under glory can be upon you of God

God has established, to bring to such an extent that the Lord Jesus pass the immortality of those gloriChrist will some day come and live The past year brought to the ous sons and daughters of God that with such a people for a thousand L. D. S. Business College the

still cry about His throne for this years.

earth life and its opportunities: that God help us, having found the greatest demand in the hiswe shall not use these glorious straight gate and the narrow way, tory of the school for trained

powers with which God has ento pay the price to walk that way office workers.

dowed us to reproduce ourselves, and come to the glory that is ours as a mere means of gratification and while we live, and the exaltation pleasure, but that we shall consein the presence of the Almighty crate these holy powers to give life when life is ended, I pray, in the to those who are as worthy as we name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

are, as noble and as great, who deAmen. 1

sire their opportunity.

If you will do this you shall grow METAMORPHOSIS in love for each other, you shall By Hugh B. Brown

grow in favor with God, and be Change alone is permanent, we're told;

laying the foundation of your eterChange is predetermined and Godsent;

nal kingdom. And if you shall live Were present and future cast in static mould,

up to this high privilege that is Mortal men could not be heavenbent.

yours, you shall attract the ends of Our lives must change with new environthe earth, and young men and ment;

young women will come from afar ToTo arrive,gain experienceto stop, werewe permanentlyto mortal lifetoweredie.

and say: "Come, let us go up to the sent;

mountain of the Lord, to learn of Change develops wings with which to fly.

this."The butterflies emerge from out a lowly

As I have discussed this theme state;

with you young men and young Not one of them, once formed, would be a chrysalis diremarks have beenwomen, my

Shellbound state; hapless forever?—aagain.rected to very largely. you With chrysalis yet each And timid one a would

all my heart I love you, for I beremain.

lieve that you are the finest generation of young men and young womTheWouldunbornremainbabe,foreverif it could'neathhaveits mother'sits way, en that have ever been born into heart;

the world. I not only know that the Cramped and dependent, it would prefer

Lord has reserved the men who laid to stay If this demand continthan—through birth—a new life ues in the coming year the foundation of this great latterRatherstartday work, to come in this age, but—and indications are

of youth, beauty in its time, so glorious that has reserved you to come now The nowHe it will—right stale Becomes there and withered where is is the that shallto His kingdom, support time to begin growth; no

not fail and shall not be left to anThe beauty of age adds poetry to rhyme, your business career.

other people. And change eternal is an attribute of both.

for inforWrite at once I desire with approach a you So like is a chrysalis shell; Man's body but a mation about our inspireto the with magnitude you if it soul, maturing its could have No way, courses, methods o f forever this in choose Would mortal responsibilitiesof house your your and

1 training, tuition to dwell: o wprivileges, to the not carry only on

is night of death rates, effecreally The harbinger of day. and shall to that presentlywork come

tive seremployment is Eternal increase truth the crowning we to yourselves to prepareyou, but come unto the hill of the Lord, to Stagnation,teach; ennui, death and antilife vice.

stand in His holy place. I am sure Would be our lot without a "grasp exceedthere is no doubt what that means. ing reach"- L. D. S.

It means that some day we hope to Change adds eternal progress to eternal life.

be permitted to come into the presWe fear the future and the change it brings Business College ence of the Almighty, into His ceBecause we do not understand the plan.

lestial kingdom in its highest deWe'llWhen namethoughts"eternalhave increase"inspiration'sGod'swingsgreatSalt Lake City, Utah gree, where we may be permitted est gift to man.

to look upon His face, not only for (London: December 14th, 1939.)

jJoufPaqe and Burs

Glenwood, Alberta, Canada you received such a copy, it is only necessary to keep in mind

Dear Sir: that the white hat of the man should be in the upper right hand

corner. subscription received I solicited an Era and days ago few

-$- Leavitt. is the son Leavitt, of Edward from Wallace whoA

that father, asked of the it he the to knowledge came When CORRECTION that explained his to name. changed subscription He the be

it reads of 1940 the Era, where November, 678 it list since subscribers'off the Era's his been never had name

Coulee L. Coulee, Washington: ON"Grandpage rest it for the there stay to first wanted he published and was

it should have read, Wash., COULEE, L."GRANDBurningham, is age. of life. sixtysix years his of now He Coulee William Burningham, C. Dam, City,WASHINGTON: a as his record is congratulated on to Leavitt be Edward

subscriber of the Era. Wash."

With deepest respect, Bishop C. J. Wright. "HAMBUSH"

at British the shop windows were gazing boys Two small L. Jones Mr. Ray

Presently for to a butcher's Christmas. they came decorated Utah. Logan,

to of pointed of hanging shop, a hams them one number and placing refer to about Improvement item The you Regarding at said. holly branch. large "Look, a he from "Look Tom,"the of Church. stakes in libraries and wards Era in We there."rowing them 'ams ag up little just a this were suggestion very and much appreciate "other. don't said the grow."away,""Get Ams not Library have does the that learn to Cache surprised

first it,"all scornfully. said the that's about "Well, know you definite policy a the have magazine. of subscription a PublicWe 'eard "Ain't of ever a 'ambush?"you libraries. public for subscriptions regarding established We

libraries furnish with subscriptions at the rate of $1.00 a year PUT AN ELASTIC ON IT price. half or

Because of the large number of libraries in the wards and "Yes, madam,"the postal clerk said, "this parcel will be stakes of the Church it is not possible for us to place them all all right. But, as a matter of fact, you have put three cents

on our complimentary subscription list. However, we feel that too much in stamps on it"

perhaps we have not been as alert as we should have been in "Oh, dear,"the old lady replied, "how awkward. I do hope

getting over the idea of library subscriptions to our ward and it won't be sent too far."

stake Era Directors. We are going to try to correct this

difficulty during this present campaign and try also to place EXPLANATION libraries possible. in as as many subscriptions

is a consulting physician?"papa, "Tell me, what cooperation. splendid again for your Thanks

is called in at the a doctor last minute to share "He is who brother, Sincerely your

J. K. Orton, Business Manager. the blame."

HEAR! HEAR!

14, 1940. November politician doctor, engineer, arguing a an over and were A Brethren: Dear oldest the profession. said: course, doctor had "Of The who the issue along of even your cover November more was

is oldest. the physicians, medicine has always had Mankind The

line than imacknowledged. This was Thanksgiving in are Bible."they the even mentioned and

in in sculpture the city stands a of of park piece pressive is the said engineer. nothing,""That "The Book Good

the of done Springfield, work most Mass. was by one The tells the created of chaos, world out could and was how how

this is It in sculptors Saint country, Gaudens. outstanding there order of out chaos engineer?"brought without be any an

called "The Puritan.""Yes,"said the politician, "and who do you think created

chaos?"BEGINNING EARLY New bridegroom: "You know, darling, in our wedding

ceremony yesterday, I promised to cherish you. What does

that really mean?"

New bride: "Why, honey, that simply signified your

willingness to wash the dishes, dust the house, do the laundry, etc., whenever I'm tired or busy or out calling."

WE'VE ALL HEARD HIM All through the football game he had yelled and cheered the home team to victory, then suddenly grew silent. Turning

to the man next to him he whispered, hoarsely, "I've lost my voice.""Don't worry,"was the reply, "you'll find it in my left ear."

LEARN AMERICAN FIRST School days are here again, which reminds us of the man who was walking down the street in Richmond, Virginia, and

I am including a snapshot taken of this statue with three on passing a group of young colored girls on their way to a of our lady missionaries surrounding it. seat of learning, overheard one girl ask of another: "7s yuh

Very sincerely yours, did yuh Greek?"

Elder Frank V. Nelson,

New England Mission. POST MORTEM POSTSCRIPT -$

CORRECTION letterMr. wasBronsonleft unmailed.died very suddenly and an important business

it secretary, off, his for had a passion who the following postcript added below Mr. BYhandA printer'scorner oferror,page the715 cutof theappearingDecemberin Erathe waslowerinvertedright explanatoryBefore sendingdetail,

in some copies. In these copies, "the stone memorial tablets Bronson's signature:

of Xerxes"should be reversed to be observed properly. If "Since writing the above I have died."

TWOCYLINDER-*- For seventeen yearsenginethis exclusivedesign! onlytwocylinderone advantageengine design.of JohnIt makesDeere timesoperate...whilea handystandingclutch thatup, yousittingcan

John Deere feature has been making possible the straightline transmisdown, or from the ground... smooth,

tractor history... helping more than sion with no bevel gears to consume responsive steering... footcon-

a quarter of a million owners of power... the belt pulley on the cranktrolled differential brakes for short

John Deere tractors to cut their costs shaft... the proper distribution of turns and safe stopping... a hydraulic

... to do their work easier, faster, weight for better traction in difficult power lift... a roomy platform.

better. field conditions... the fewer and (Selfstarter and lights available for

last "B", parts that longer "D".) "A", heavier Models and with only to talk John need You maintenance, easy, simple much... theof operating to learn of ownersDeere a and your Deere make John Own yourself. can you which do low. unbelievably Manycosts almost easier, cut costs, save your time work

are plowing for as little as 9 cents an Combined with all these outstandand work. Among the nineteen modacre for fuel... cultivating for 1-1/2 ing mechanical advantages in the els in six power sizes, there's one that

to 2-1/2 cents an acre... doing all John Deere you have an equally imwill fit your needs to a "T". Ask your

their jobs at proportionately low cost. pressive array of operating features John Deere dealer to arrange a demonBut the ability to burn the lowcost an unexcelled view of the work ahead stration. For more complete informafuels successfully and efficiently is and on both sides of the tractor at all tion by mail, use the coupon below.

Partners in Profit Available for John Deere general purpose tractors is a complete line of integral equipment... equipment that does a better

job... that plants more accurately... fertilizes more safely...

cultivates more thoroughly...

harvests more efficiently... in

powerful, More economical, more to short, or replace the the small that does the For farm is kind of job sturdier the for is new Model "B"farm, large there the '41. last on team that insures profits. bigger a Handles 2-bottom in plow practi- 1-2-Plow Model lowcost, the "H"

cally condition. For larger any farms cultivates rows, two shown which

there the 2-3-Plow and Model a "A"Tractorhere with Model "H"full the is 3-Plow Model "G". Spreader. Drawn

John Deere, Moline, Illinois. Dept. G-150

of the advantages about Deere John Tell me more

I in the tractors. have models checked twocylinder

which I'm particularly interested.

D2Plow"B"l-Plow"L"Dl-2-Plow"H"

Orchard Models n3PIow"G"JOHN D2-3-Plow"A"

Standard Tread Models for field and belt work TRACTORS Name

FOR ECONOMY... SIMPLICITY Town

DEPENDABILITY... EASE OF HANDLING State R.F.D.....

I O K N G B A C wt SJniutdnee

Retracing life's footsteps will always be a joy to your family if you have had the foresight to protect them with Beneficial Life Insurance!

.;*: MHMIjMaia

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt take City. Utah

-kk