/Mmprauement Era

pi?

['i'i:Ci:J'-

wMM*M*M*ii

APRIL 1947 VOIUME 50 NUMSfR 4 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTA YOU'LL SA VE STEPS.,

...GLOW WITH PRIDE

IN YOUR

KITCHENNEW FREEDOM to

;...

Itr

You'll be the envy of every woman you centers: 1. Refrigeration and food prepknow—in a beautiful New Freedom aration center; 2. Cooking center; 3.

Gas Kitchen like this. You'll save hunCleanup center.

dreds of steps a day. Yes! It's that kind We'll be glad to give you all details on

of convenient kitchen because it uses how you can share in happier living...

clean, economical Gas... and because in your own individually designed New

it's built around three coordinated work Freedom Gas Kitchen.

WONDER FLAME

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY ft THATWELL COOLSAS HEATSAS

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities T Y

geimimMi MUHWERBP By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

f)NE of the most important developments of the past year was the synthesis of penicillin G at Cornell University by a group led by Professor du

Vigneaud. This most effective of a half

dozen penicillins has taken five years to synthesize and cost an estimated three million dollars.

A popproof bag has been invented for the peanut eaters in movie theaters. The seams of the bag are glued

so that the seams give way when the bag is blown up.

An electronic cooker using the shortwave tube developed for radar, the magnetron, is being made which will bake cakes and biscuits in about thirty seconds and another model for airplanes and railroad diners can cook a full meal in less than a minute.

\T7artime research on mosquitoes by entomologists led by Dr. Dwight M.

DeLong found that carbon dioxide exhaled in the breath excites mosquitoes.

They react more quickly to a preheated human arm than to one cooled in water, but they are more attracted to a wet body than a dry one, and more to dark colors than light. Both male and female

mosquitoes can live on fruit juices and honey. Only the female is a blood seeker.

HPhe Chinese language, though spoken by about one fifth of the people in the world, is difficult to write. With

thousands of different characters, printing has required large fonts of type, Beautiful springtide... when milady dons

and typewriting was impossible until her slacks and sunshade to work in the recently. The International Business garden! And what a time for being raven:

Machine Corporation has developed an ously hungry... and for serving the family

electrical machine which has five thouappetizing Saltines by Purity with rich, sand four hundred characters engraved cool glasses of milk!

on a large drum. To eliminate using

that number of keys, each character is identified by four numbers and is punched when the four keys are pressed on a fortythree keyboard. It is

claimed that a good typist can write fortyfive words a minute for hours.

HTo dress for a ball the Maya women of Yucatan sometimes make a corbeetlesonet of fire which gives the ap-

P U R I T V BIS e I v C M P A N SALT t AK small electric ofpearance lamps.

APRIL 1947 193 DAWN Jke Ccover By Helen Baker Adams Smith, Joseph maiden Dawn To of founder the QmprweraetiFbra Theasked show me to Christ of Jesus Church

Saints, Latterday of the "The APRIL 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 4 The hergarden;throughshy, in Lord said:

ends of the earth shall gray, she tucked inquire after thy name, "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"a rosy strand in her larkspur Of fools shall have and Improvement Priesthood Quorums, of the Mutual Official Organ for hair, the and derision, in and thee of Education, Committee, Music Associations, Ward Department new shall against hell rage Christ of Jesus the of Agencies Teachers, Church Other and picked bouquets of Day in the pure thee; while Saints Latterday

ftgt of with hope wise, the heart, and and the noble, and the own hand.

virtuous, shall seek counsel, and authority, and blessings constantly from under thy hand. And thy people

shall never be turned Jke (L*ditor6 faae against thee by the testimony of traitors."

(DSC. 122:1-3.) The Lord's Side of the Line... George Albert Smith 201

This symbolic head of the Prophet is the the sculptor, of work preLnurch jreatu,re5 Torlief Knaphus, pared for cover use by Charles Jacobsen from Westward with the Saints, Journal of Horace K* Whitney 202 a photograph by Don Radio and the Gospel Message..——Albert L, Zobell, Jn 205 -K

H. Smith. President George Albert Smith's First Mission..

: Preston Nibley 206 Change of Address:

the 210 Desert Widtsoe John A, IV Tamed—Part Was How

redays'Fifteen notice Proprieties Francis 214 Lyman M for of adchange * Celebration.William 6, 1853: April Mulder MidAtlantic in APrayer 216 quireddress. ordering a When

The Resurrection, Joseph F. NoLiquor-Tobacco Column....235 change, please include

Editors Smith...............195 Ward Teaching 237 address slip from a

of the recent issue magaof Lineage The Gleaner: 196 Genealogy: Dear Smith Albert George zine. changes Address C. Kimball, President Heber Widtsoe Church John A. The Moves On 222 unless cannot be made F. Archibald 238 Bennett

Priesthood: Melchizedek—well as old the as address 234 April Highlights in Church Managing Editor included. the one is new.236 Aaronic History 244

Richard L. Evans

Assistant Managing Executive and Editorial

Editor Offices:

Street, North Main Doyle L. Green special}p jreatealvims 50Salt 1, Utah. Lake City

Associate Editor The Teacher As Counselor M, Lynn Bennion 209 Copyright 1947 by MuMarba C. Josephson Wrapped in Cellophane LaPree Christensen 215 tual Funds, Inc., a CorThe Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L* Evans 220 poration of the Young

General Manager Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 225 Men's Mutual ImproveGeorge Q. Morris Beautification Score Cards. Lewis J. Harmer 228 ment Association of the

Pioneer Centennial Scout Camp.: Rock M. Kirkham 230 ChurchLatterdayof JesusSaints.ChristAllof Associate Manager

rights reserved. Subscription price, a year, $2.00 Lucy G. Cannon Exploringlin S. Harris,the Universe,Jr Frank193 OnHoming:the BookrackYours And Mine, 218

Business Manager Patterns of Progress, Frederick Evelyn Wooster Viner.—226 in advance; 20c single

195 C. Wolters, Jr copy.

D. Giles John B. Corner, Cook's Josephine Times, G. These Homer DurEntered at Post the Nichols -226 1 98 ham

Editorial Associates Office, City, Salt Lake...256 B. Lucile Page 200 and Ours Your Woods Why? Utah, as secondclass Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Albert L Zobell, Jr. matter. Acceptance for

Harold Lundstrom mailing at special rate of postage provided for in (L>d'doriai5 section 1 103, Act of OcNational Advertising tober 1917, authorized

Representatives 1918. 2, 224 July Editor A* Widtsoe John Our Senior Edward S. Townsend, Era Improvement The 224 A* Widtsoe John Doubt Had No San Francisco and They

is responsible not for unLos Angeles solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, welcomes contributions.

Chicago and New York S)tori&6, loet All manuscripts must be accompanied by suffifor delivery cient postage Member, Prince In the Redd 212 Audit Bureau of Hole Rock—Chapter IV Anna and return. Circulations 217 to Endure Washburn Courage J, N.

Dawn, Helen Baker Adams.... 194 Frontispiece, 199

New Moon, Maurine Jacobs.... 196 Poetry Page 219

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sy,?,;.-"Jhe—

OtOLTlA$, SG. rofiai RESURRECTION

(Dy president o5epk Zr. Jmith

PIECES OF MUSIC jN THE | TABERNACLE CHOIR LIBRARV the New Testament the resurINrection of man is not only taken for granted, but it also forms a part of Christ's doctrinal system.

That Jesus arose from the dead, and so became an example of what we are to do, is attested by such an array of scriptural that proofs beno

OF CONSECUTIVE liever in inspired the records can YEARS OAILV%%PERFORMANCES BE NECESSARY fact. WOULD of the have a doubt angel The

testifiedulchre—"Heto theis womennot here:at forthe hesepis TO ACCOMMODATE

risen, as he said."(Matt. 28:6. ) He IN THE TABERNACLE

showed himself to many in JeruLL THE PEOPLE salem, and in addition he manifested himself to the Nephites on this conWHO LISTEN TO tinent where prophets taught the ONE SIN6LE doctrine and foretold his resurrection. From the Book of Mormon %UNPAV BROADCAST

we have many of the most striking OF THE fact of thetestimonies of a literal resABERMACLE CHOIR factsurrection, these are with and certainty confirmed by modern revft)OUT6R/ elation to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Nature, the testimony of the New theTestament, personal teachings his of Christ, appearwhen the weather man says II OSand example ance among his disciples before his ascension, and on this continent, the written declarations of the prophets in the Book of Mormon, and the revelations of God to the Prophet

Joseph Smith, in united, unmistaken voice, all testify to the fact of the literal resurrection of the body.

Guided by the Spirit of the Lord

Jesus, by faith in God, in the testimony of his prophets and in the scriptures, I accept the doctrine of the resurrection with all my heart, and rejoice at its confirmation in nature with the awakening of each returning spring. The Spirit of God You'll travel in airconditioned

comfort. You'll enjoy the finesttestifies to me, and has revealed to

me, to my complete personal satisfacmeals. You'll save money. Your

tion, that there is life after death, choice of luxurious Pullmans,

Sleepers, lowcost de luxe that lay Tourist the whichand body we COAST reclining Chair Cars. Fast dependwill here our with be reuniteddown

spirit to become a perfect soul, caable service coast to coast. TO COAST

pable of receiving a fulness of joy in the presence of God.

—The Improvement Era, H. R. COULAM, GeneralFor informationAgent call48 South Main Street

March 1913, page 508. Salt Lake City 1. Phone 4-6551

APRIL 1947 195

Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;... Let

us hear the conclusion of the whole matter:

Fear God, and keep his commandments: for

this is the whole duty of man. (Ecc. 12:1,

13.)

KJIany years have passed since Solomon in his great wisdom told youth as a conclusion to the whole matter of living to serve God and keep his commandments. Were he here today, he would without doubt reiterate

those words to the youth of today. The

NOW! The ONE and ONLY 0SUVL $facw/L: history of all peoples from the days of

ALLPURPOSE Solomonthat theretoisthisonlydayonemakesway oneout realizeof the

is plunged, heaven thought give nation often under every o you of to the worship in return is to you which time and that PLIERWRENCH to the marvelousD. difficulties into which this nation and

timesaving, moneysaving A tool of live? You hear the airplane overhead; the only true and Living God and Jesus uses. a thousand For the handyman,

housewife, machinist, or electrician. you read that sixtysix years ago the Christ who is the Redeemer of the

Handles square or hexagon nuts, withfirst electric light was seen as Thomas world.

efficient slipping. or friction out As

type a Stillson or tuburound on wrench as Alva Edison turned it on in Menlo And to you Gleaner Girls comes a lar pipe. Patented CAM action enables Park: you touch a button, and your most wonderful assignment. You are

turn a user to tighten is burning; or loosen you stove with ease. electric are covenant, you of the children the

taut or loose. be adjusted Nut may as as light home is your switch, and the hill, the seed, light upon the chosen

day; you press a button, and a vacuum the daughters of Zion. You Gleaner

very with floor your over movessaPERFORM cleaner sit part; you your little exertion on by Girlstruth; doyounothavehave theto gotruth.out inYousearchhaveof

your radio and listen to news brought the gospel of Jesus Christ as your guide ends the from the air waves on STRONGEST to you tells us how living. Lord daily The for PLIERWRENCH keeps you telephone your the earth; of living of code perfect him. serve to The EVER MADE your friends, and family, in with touch of perfect in the most is embodied

continue indefinitely could work. We the Mount."on Sermon sermons, "TheAdjustable to inventions the many naming the livhave Saints you Latterday which are As

4 Positions yours to enjoy. ing oracles to guide and counsel you.

are which things those At present to place offers a you The Church zero from openings, range of wideThe very not mean to you to 1"happening may indeed are serve; you and the finest worship on used to bepermits suPERFORM will you to in years come but much, Also, pipe. or acnut Girls hexagon, square, to 1"as Gleanerwire Will you favored.

an A-l wire cutter. 7 lA"long. look back on them as very important cept your responsibilities and opporlife. have you to in now your years Up tunities?In the HOMEdaily the with occupied mainly been repairs. in household assistance For are life, you but of your now routine walls. gently from nails pulling For Affectionately yours, almost bottles and jars. are that realize from caps you to round removing beginning For

For cracking nuts. a woman. At eighteen you are no longer

In the WORKSHOPlegally under the supervision of your / */ KrisrutrrT/

For cutting wire. parents. At twentyone you are allowed

For nail pulling, wirestretch ing. to vote. More and more as the years

square, hexagon For nut=, lound or tubular pipe... go over your head, you realize that you uses... assorted and

i.one:forsecondreplacinglower autopositionbattery.fits suPERFORMnut and loosensset are an independent individual.

terminal cable from post for removal. Now the question of most importance

In the FACTORYto you is, "What are the worthwhile

For allpurpose use of maintenance men. things in life? For what shall I seek? Your Y.W.M.I.A. Presidency

work. assembly speeding up spent? For shall energies be What my thus increasing How changes, tool saving.For many do parents? I owe What do I owe my delays. cutting efficiency and

my state? What do I owe my Church?"

DEALER all YOUR ASK the quesof important the most FOR suPERFORM And

THIS COUPON OR CLIP is, do NEW MOON confront you "What tions which

SUPERFORM -11333rd Ave., Oakland 6, Calif. I owe my Creator?"By Maurine Jacobs

AllPurpose suPERFORM send! Please me fingernail. silver her flung

each. at $2.50 Wrenches Plierof one advice the turn to we Chall give didn't a care DayShe

order) for I (or money is Enclosed my check ever have wisest of the men who her deserted old had Sun That

Please sh ip COD, plus postage and insurance lived? King Solomon was a mighty Had left her in the air.

Nameman; his words of wisdom have been

broadcast over the world for many cenAnd then a marvel happened.

Address turies. Millions of people read them That fingernail right soon

I merily at her his words Twinkled year. were what every And

Cty Zone - State | he: the Said to youth? bright new moon! of counsel And became

I 196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA REMEMBER MOTHER ON MOTHER'S DAY SUNDAY MAY 11

Delightful reading, inspirational in tone and message, these books will add to her joy of living—and that's

the purpose of Mother's Day.

\\ Sweet Love Remembered It By HELEN CORTEZ STAFFORD The story of a great mother love. From the diary of an outstanding Utah pioneer mother. - %2..lo

"IN THE GOSPEL NET"By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

The unforgettable story of the author's mother, who was caught in the

Gospel Net and carried to a far country—to find happiness—$1.75

THE RICHARD L. EVANS TRILOGY—

"This Day and Always,""... and The Spoken Word,"

"Unto the Hills"

Words of truth and experience as spoken by Richard L. Evans for the past

16 years on the Sunday broadcasts of the Tabernacle Choir. Boxed together

for safekeeping. A $4.50 value for only $3.95.

TOR THIS MY GLORY'"HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH"

By PAUL BAILEY By His Mother, LUCY MACK SMITH

The first major story founded upon the epic march of the The authentic story of the young Prophet, written by the one

Mormon Battalion $2.50 nearest and dearest to him $2.50

ATTENTION SUNDAY SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS

We will again have for Mother's Day distribution to the mothers of your ward a plentiful supply of the popular booklet of poems "MOTHER HEART OF GOLD"By THEODORE E. CURTIS

Special Centennial Edition, with 3-coIor frontispiece, dedicated to the memory of our Pioneer Mothers $2 per dozen copies, postpaid. For name of ward printed on cover, any quantity, $1 extra.

DESERET BOOK CO.

44 East South Temple P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ (Include 2% Sales Tax in Utah.) Send the separate volumes as checked above

and/or dozen copies of "Mother Heart of Gold"imprinted Ward.

Name Address

APRIL 1947 197

The Story

THESETIMlS By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Director of the Institute of Government, quishing its governance of British India.

University of Utah That will be one thing. The relinquishing of control over the Indian states

Tn June 1948, Great Britain promises will be another thing. However, Prime

to turn over to a responsible Indian Minister Attlee has announced that government the task o ruling approxinegotiations will be undertaken with mately one fifth of the human beings on the various Indian states, in the directhis earth. This promise, announced tion of India's complete independence,

by Prime Minister Clement Attlee on between now and June 1948. The probFebruary 20, 1947, carries great signifilem here, and one of the fundamental

cance. problems of India as a governmental

entity, is whether or not each, any, or all of the Indian princes will choose to

Tndia, the great subcontinent, the huge lose their semimonarchial status by

Asiatic peninsula which juts into the severing their protectorate arrangement

WITH A 000IndianpeopleOcean,exclusivecontainsof Burmaover 388,997,-and CeywithacquireGreata lessBritain;advantageousand undertakingrelationto

HAPPY BEGINNING lon.enceBurmatoo. Togetherhas been promisedwith Ceylon,independIndia Theship Britishwithin maya republicanagree to "drop"Indian India,state!

and Burma account for about one perbut will the Indian states consent to bethe Hotel Utah is A visit to an son in every five of the world's populaing "dropped"? This situation will bear adventure story in itself—a story

that begins happily for you and tion. An official British study of 1929 watching.

your family with the cordial welshowed that the people of India alone come from the doorman, and conspeak one hundred seventynine disTn the religious sense there is a Hindu stay. tinues throughout happily your India. The India and a Mohammedan tinct languages and five hundred fiftyExciting for too adventures you,

in the overwhelming are maHindus dialects. four separate in adventures eating at our good

popular Coffee Shop, delightful jority (255,000,000), but there are dinnerdancing in the beautiful Emenough Moslems to boycott and make pire Room, and new thrills in cour- '"Phus, there are many "Indias."Politineffective a complete Indian state.

tesy service from those and who ically speaking, India consists princes in the states of of the native Many serve at the you Convenient

British provinces, "British the aggravates which are Moslems, little shops, extra add seventeen Utah.services—all India,"and the twelve states, Indian political have problem. Moslems to The up parting resolution; your

"We'll come again to the Hotel a situation which was crystallized in advocated a separate state of their own,

Utahl"1 858 and continues to the present time. a solution which has come to bear the

ine "splatter"rule, that you ink of British what from your the withdrawal -AND A Visualize the map of India. Then imagname "Pakistan."Come June 1948, and

fountain pen all over the Hindus map. happen to Pakistan? The The will

instreaks or repreinsist can complete swaraj, on purna states. the Indian HAPPY ENDING sentsmall ininkyourspotsmindand as India for a complete dependence

Each of these is ruled, in the legal sense, unit. The Moslems want Pakistan.

by a native ruler. He may be a raja, Between the native states and Pakistan,

maharaja, prince, or potentate. With the first independent government of

each of the native rulers, Great Britain India will have its work cut out for it!

has treaties. These treaties make the

several Indian states "protectorates"of rTnHE leader of the Moslem group, the the British Crown. Thus England has Pakistan party, is Mohammed Ali

the real control of the Indian states but Jinnah. He appears to be a rather wellhas chosen to rule and govern them grounded capitalist. The leader of the

through the medium of the local prince. Hindu group, and ostensibly the real

You may now imagine that the rest leader who will come to power, is Jawaof the map, the part not splattered by harlal Nehru. Nehru has definite,

your fountain pen (and by far the though veiled, socialistMarxist leanlargest territory some 300,000,000 ings. On July 4, 1936, Nehru said, of

population), is "British India."This his native land:

territory is under actual British rule, There are two mentalities in this country, with no local prince as intermediary, revolutionary and reformist. The Congress

and with a system of local assemblies [Nehru's party] can accept no other than and officials established by various acts the revolutionary attitude.... The main

of Parliament since 1858, and by proissue in this country is to remove poverty vincial and central Indian parliamentary and unemployment. There is only one soluinstitutions since 1919. tion, the socialist solution.

At the same time, Nehru appears to be one of those socialists seriously conHTherefore, in turning India over to cerned with political freedom. Whether

local rule, England will be relin- ( Concluded on page 239 198THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Don H. Smith

Anb J aaro another angel fly in tin* mtbat of tjeamm, patting ttye euprlaattnn, goaneI to nrrarh. onto ttnm tlyat bwell on eartij, anb In %

mrg nation, anb ktnbreb, anb tongue, anb people,

Paging mitt? a lonb trotre, Jffear (ob, ann giue glorg to tjint; for ttje

hour of tjia jubgment is rome: anb morotjin Jjitn that mabe Iprntro, anb

earth, anb the sea, anb the founiaine of maters. (Revelation 14:6, 7.)

APRIL 1947 199

WHY? &li

cJLucile VDrazier lA/oodd mmA During the war, juvenile delinquency increased greatly, and we are now urged more than ever to keep our children nearer home and make a place for them where they may bring their friends.

Because the radio has become one of our greatest means of entertainment and education, we might gather our children around the radio with their friends foe a sociable evening.

But what decent American family would want to entertain killers in their home? No one would knowingly; and yet the characters portrayed in murder stories are of that

undesirable type. Occasionally, a

story dealing with crime, pointing 'Mess'call, 1947 outpay, themaymoralhave somethat crimebeneficialdoeseffectnot on young people, but the majority of murder stories are gruesome and disgusting, and cannot possibly have a good effect on the susceptible minds of youth.

It is up to the parents, and especially to the mothers, to do something about this growing menace.

Take a robust boy, aged eight or thereabouts, add one Since too many parents themselves it is only inquisitive pooch, stir in a soft Spring day—and what listen to these programs,

have you got? A job for FelsNaptha, of course natural that children hear them also.

There are many interesting and enIt's a fact—and most mothers know it—-there's tertaining programs featuring music,

nothing like FelsNaptha Soap for washing grimy comedy, and educational themes, but garments. Clothes that look hopelessly soiled come in many cases these are switched off

for a bloodcurdling murder mystery.

out of FelsNaptha suds clean and fresh. It would be better to turn the radio

And you needn't rub them ragged to do it. off completely and gather your family together for an evening of readIt's the combination of active Fels naptha and good ing, music, discussion, or individual

study. mild soap that dislodges dirt—deep

down in the fabric—and gently washes F)o we as parents have to sit back it away. Whether you're doing and take this type of. program or

heavy work clothes or perishable is there something that we can do dresses, you can wash them about it? I believe there is, and I'm

other parents share sure many my cleaner and quicker with

If sufficient opinion. there were

FelsNaptha Soap. protests, I feel certain the broadcasting companies would cooperate.

Naturally these programs are sponsored by manufacturers advertising their products, in order to reach a great many people. But their prodFels-Naptha Soap ucts would not be heard of, at least

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY {Concluded on page 249) 200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE LORD'S SIDE

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

good man who was counselor to President Brigham Young said upon one occasion, "There is a line of demarcation welldefined. On one side of the line

is the Lord's territory, and on the other side of the line is the devil's territory. If you will

stay on the Lord's side of the line, you are safe. But if you go onto the devil's side of the

line just one inch, you are in his territory; you are in his power; and he will seek to draw

you just as far from that line as he can, knowing that if he can keep you in his territory, he has you in his power."

In all we do in life, we should never forget that the only safe place is on the Lord's side of that line. Honoring our fathers and our mothers is on the Lord's side of the line.

Always being truthful is on the Lord's side of the line. Being honest with our neighbors

is on the Lord's side of the line. Keeping the Word of Wisdom is on the Lord's side of

the line. Paying our tithes and our offerings is on the Lord's side of the line.

Honoring our bishop and his counselors, honoring those who are called to preside in the other offices of the ward, honoring those who preside over us in our stakes, sustaining them and holding up their hands, is on the Lord's side of the line; praying for and sustaining the leadership of the Church—not my church or your church, but the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints of which we are fortunate to be members—is on the Lord's side

of the line.

Those who disobey the commandments of our Heavenly Father, no matter in how small degree it may be, have gone into the devil's territory, and it is time that we as members of this Church, living in this day and age of the world, should understand this. No

man can do that which is wrong and stay on the Lord's side of the line. We choose where

we will be. God has given us our agency; and if we do that which is wrong and get into

the devil's territory, we do it because we have the will and power to do it. We cannot

blame others for what we choose to do. And if we determine to keep the commandments

of God and live as we ought to live and stay on the Lord's side of the line, we shall receive our blessing for it.

It ought not to be difficult for us to keep the commandments of the Lord because we want to be happy. It ought not to be difficult for husbands and wives to love one another

and be true to one another because that is being on the Lord's side of the line. It ought

not to be difficult for us to keep the Word of Wisdom. It ought not to be difficult for

boys and girls to love their parents and honor them because that is on the Lord's side of the line.

I might go on and enumerate many other things, but I may sum it all up by saying:

Every good thing is on the Lord's side of the line, and all the happiness that is worth the name, all the happiness that is enjoyed in this world and beyond this world, is enjoyed on the Lord's side of the line.

So I am going to suggest, not only to our boys and girls, not only to our young men and women, but also to everyone, that the thing for us to do if we want to be happy is to live righteous lives; and if we will do this, we will be on the Lord's side of the line; and

the adversary will not be able to lead us into temptation that will destroy us. God will

protect us if we follow his advice and counsel, and he will see that we are made happy.

APRIL 1947 201 I Westward with the Salnts

Quarters] [Winter Thursday the (L-xcemts from the [of11th March 1847]—Warm

spring weather—George Billings

came down from the herd today—hitherto vrnpuibudhed

went for father to Brother Clayton's to see about a wagon that he and father are jointly getting repaired journal or to send with the pioneers—Brother

C.

K.man, [Clayton]viz.—Thomasthinks ofCorbett—andsending one HORACE

father expects Orson and myself to go for him—that is, to go and assist WHITNEY

in putting in a spring crop, till the etc., thatground, the families when HORACE K. WHITNEY to 1847they come have something on may

move to.... Went by father's request and engaged a pair of boots rising this 22nd—Onby Brother to be Washburn, made that it had eralstore—Brotherthings todayCorbettof fatherlaid atin thehis morningMondaydiscoveredthenext week—Forgot to mention that supplies and brought the wagon to snowed considerably during the

last evening I again father's with father yard went that we might lay in different arrangement was night—A

...into the store also. of ours a purchase to make entered into Council today, by the

some articles.... Saturday the 20th—Beautiful pertaining to our removal west—it Wednesday the 17th—Beautiful weather though somewhat windy. is now the intention to leave all the

weather. My boots were finished... Doing all we can, myself and families, except those who can fittoday—went also and got a coat Orson, to get ready to go with the themselves out, here for another

made and done several things prepioneers, as Monday next is named season, and the pioneers go to the paratory to the journey.... Got sevas the intended day for starting.... mountains and put in a fall crop, and

then some of them return for their families, so as to bring them up by

EDITORIAL NOTE the ensuing spring.... The new arAsa contribution to the historical literature of the Church, and in keeping with rangements with regard to our re-

*V the centennial celebration this year, the editors of The Improvement Era will moval will probably protract our depresent in the April, May,, June, and July issues, excerpts from the hitherto unparture somewhat....

of published original of the diary of group a K. member Whitney, Horace the day Tuesday 30th—Warm pioneers 1847. valley in to Salt came Lake July who

It tothat is supposed we will start at of the time years twentythree K. Horace age he made Whitney was this historic journey, having been born at Kirtland, Ohio, on July 25, 1823, the morrow or next day—Brother Kimson of Bishop Newel K. and Elizabeth Ann Whitney. ball has six wagons fitted out, ready,

Horace was fortunate in his youth in having had an intimate acquaintance loaded to start—Brother Corbett,

with the Prophet Joseph Smith, from 1831, the time of the Prophet's arrival in Orson and myself flying around toKirtland, until his death in 1844. Horace was ordained a priest and an elder day, to get ready to start..,. the Prophet. by

A few weeks prior to the departure of the Saints from Nauvoo, early in Thursday, Friday and Saturday, 1846, Horace was married to Helen Mar Kimball, eldest daughter of Heber C. 1st, 2nd & 3rd of April—Nothing

and Vilate Kimball. doing except helping off the pioneers

at the to the pioneer journey being planned Winter west was When in of to decided the spring remain—Bro. Clayton has concluded not Quarters 1847, Bishop Newel K. Whitney

at the camp of the Saints {on the advice and counsel of the Church Authorto send Bro. Corbett, consequently

ities ) and send his two boys, Horace and Orson, in his place. Orson was sevenOrson and myself have to go it

teen years of age. alone. It is the intention to start most

Horace kept a journal of the historic journey, which has been preserved of the teams on Monday, who are of his family, are by and members from which excerpts be presented. now to

this opportunity takes Emily to thank Improvement Mrs. The Era Whitney to go up to the Elk Horn River and

Smith, granddaughter of Horace K. Whitney, for the use of this interesting then wait till all shall come up

material, as well as to Mrs. Hattie Whitney Saville, youngest and only surviving Brigham and Bro. K. [Kimball] will

child of Horace K. Whitney, who furnished the pictures. not start on Monday as there is to

Horace and Helen Kimball Whitney became the parents of the distinguished be a conference here to commence historian, bishop, apostle, poet, and Orson F. Whitney. on Tuesday the 6th inst....

in died Salt Horace Lake City K. Whitney on November 22, 1884. The excerpts are printed exactly as they were written one hundred years Monday the 5th—Rained considago. The Editors erably last night, accompanied by

thunder and wet lightning—quite

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA finally condays—with them came Father, C. L.under foot this morning—cleared going pri with us, butoff fair this afternoon—first rain this cluded to go to the Horn, by BrigWhitney, Bro.

William arrived from the east ), andseason—4 of the 6 wagons belongham's and Heber's requests—travelLittle (who has just 1

ing to Brother Kimball started out ed about fifteen miles today and enClayton (who is going with us)- this afternoon and went three miles camped on the prairie, near a ravine, father arid Lyman will return tomor-—as far as the hay stacks—Father, where we could get water, about six row, arid we also: intend to! start: on

Jacob Wetherbee and myself loaded miles from the Horn. our journey....;

my wagon this afternoon.... Sunday the 1 1 th—Fair day Friday the 1 6th '—; This \ day

at the Horn gloomy, windy and cold—-forgot to Thursday the 8th—Started with traveled on and arrived

my wagon about 11 a.m.-—myself about 2 p.m., and crossed the river mention that Ellen Sanders came

and Orson, and went three miles to on a raft, drawn on the opposite side back with Br. Kimball when he rethe camp 8 o'clock turned—about eitherboys and organized, with side—Bro.the assistanceBullock,of were called togetherthe haywere—Brotherstacks whereandtheSisterrest ofKimthe byropescattle,on

ball went with us. Brigham and his Dr. Richards'clerk, took down the 2 captains of 100's, viz:'—Stephen

camp were three or four miles from number of wagons as they crossed, Markham arid A. P. Rockwood were

here ahead—Porter came up on which amounted to seventytwo appointed, also 5 captains of 50 s

horseback and informed us that P. P. went about a mile, after crossing, and 14 captains of 10's—There are

Pratt had just arrived from England down the stream, and camped for 143 men and boys on the list of theand that John Taylor and O. Hyde the night—the wagons formed in pioneer company, 3 women and

were soon expected. Left my wagon line, our horses being hitched to Lorenzo Young's 2 children; 72 wagand went back home to spend the stakes and fed on cottonwood ons,... The names of the females

night.... trees.... in the camp are Ellen Sanders, Harriet P. Young, Clarissa Young—the

names of the children are Sabisky

in er—making[Zobieski] Younga totalandof Perry148 soulsDeckthe pioneer company....; About 2

p.m. the camp started and proceeded

about three miles and encamped in line about six hundred yards from timber, where there is. plenty of cottonwood and; some rushes—The

country in the vicinity of, the Elk

Horn is one of the most beautiful that I ever saw—The bluffs in the

Ma east are nicely rolling and beautifully lined with timber, and some very

Home Helen Marof HoraceWhitney.K. Thisand nice cedar groves—The Horn is a

present stood house on the F. Smith beautiful stream, about 150 feet wide site of the Joseph

Building, Memorial facing and 4 feet deep, and some few fish Street. North Temple

are to be found therein.:

Saturday the 17th—Cold this

morning—wind north west—At nine

o'clock we started on our journey, wind blowing very high, which made it quite disagreeable as it.was, a

Friday the 9th—Fair weather Monday the 12th—Fair today—sandy road.... Went seven miles

Before starting yesterday Father Brigham, Bro. Kimball, father, Porand encamped near a beautiful grove

Lott blessed Orson and myself and ter, Bro. Benson, O. Pratt, G. A. of cottonwood..... >

gave us many good promises, of Smith, Dr. Richards and a number Sunday the 18th—This morning health and safety—-that we should of others went back to Winter high winds from the south and very

return to our friends again, &c, 6c. Quarters—Before starting it was cold—Today being set apart by the

Brother Kimball, Father and Dr. agreed by the Council that the reLord for his people to rest, we do

Richards started this morning and mainder of us left behind should not intend to travel—Three wagons

wentriage—Orsonon in Brotherdrove theKimball'steam andcar-I travelPlatte onRiver,aboutin twelveorder tomilesget acrossto the loadeding; alsowith4 or furs5 packpassedmulesthispassedmorn-a

rode Bro. Brigham's horse as far as an extensive bottom that intervened, short time afterward going i to the

noon—7his camp,mileswherefromwehome—wentarrived abouton lestgoings—accordinglyit should rain andwe maketravelledit badon settlementsdent Young. called.. aboutthe sunsetcaptainsPresito-

three miles farther and camped by and encamped on the banks of the gether and gave them the following the side of a beautiful spring, having Platte, the sun being about 2 hours instructions—"At 8 o'clock and 30

made ten miles today—Orson on high.... minutes the bugle will sound and all guard. Thursday the 15th—Still fair should retire to their wagons and Saturday the 10th—Fair day as weather—the Twelve arrived this bow before the Lord and offer up

usual. Father did not at first intend afternoon, having been gone four {Continued on page 204)

APRIL 1947.203

WESTWARD WITH THE SAINTS

Continued [com page 203 the this Friday 23rd weather, Sunday—Arose the 25th—Fairthanks { to going him before at the usual hour. to bed, morning Brigham, the wind blowing west, from the

all thatand tolerably the Spent day fresh—at thatguished firestime—alsoshould bethe extinbugle Heber,Amasa Lyman,W. Woodruff,Luke Johnson,Bro. Benson,A. P. chiefly watching horses which my

will sound at 5 in the morning when Rockwood, James Case, J. Redden, turned out this morning to graze, theI

all should arise and offer up their O. P. Rockwell, Joseph Mathews feed being very good here as grass

thanks to the Lord and at 7 o'clock and one or two others rode out this has taken a fresh start since the last all to start...be ready spare hands in morning search on horseback at held 6 p.m. near of a rain—Meeting off their sideshould of walk on the

... place suitable fording on the Loup Brigham's wagon.

riflesrespective their with wagons... Fork. remarkably weather The the Monday morning 26th—Thisloaded."myself and and warm I at sultry—Orson the awakened was daybreak by the weather Monday 19th—Fair rear- our unloaded and wagon for bugle the sounding alarm peothis morning, calm and filled pleasant—At therein, things the ranged and ple to gather appears together—Itan all a.m. for5 the bugle to sounded tick stack the with our from bed hay 2 Inthat of the surprised 2 guardarise at pray, 7 o'clock the and and also seat of a boards, made in the into dians act of the coming—Orson in to motion orders withcamp was in here, to the put he which found stealthily crawling were

... camp—they file. intravel or double rows two of the to fore part wagon their along knees. ride—the on hands and

1 o'clock stopt minutes 30 andAt we in the mostly brethren busy camp fired instantly at they them, Whento in river, a feed the after near bend their repairing washing, wagons, all, in to 4 6 more, making jumpedtraveling 15 there O. miles—while in brethren out went who their feet fast as as etc.,—the they ran andP. Little Rockwell, Redden, C. J. J.

sunriseand Thomas Brown arrived from could for the timber—after

Winter Quarters and brought a the impressions of several moccasin number of letters, among them were tracks were plainly to be seen in the 1 for Orson and myself from mother, sand on the shore of the river—the

and two for me from my wife, dated men were all rallied and a guard keptSaturday the 17th.... till day light—Brother Wolsey and

track, of the from the shape Wednesday and others, the 21st—Orson the judged it to have been caused bymyself arose punctually at the sound

...of the bugle, this morning at 5, and moccasin of a Sioux.

returned thanks to the Lord.... Friday the 30th—Clear and cold,

Most of the ox teams started at 7 the wind being in the north—The

o'clock, and some of the horse teams wagons in our 10 started at 20 minutes to 8 a.m.—Went a short dissoon after—We belong to Appleton Harmon's company of 10 and tance and waited % of an hour until

are included in John Pack's comthe remainder of the teams got under pany of 50.... After going 4 or 5 way. Traveled over a rather uneven

miles we met a dozen or so of the prairie a little south of west and stopt

Loup band of Pawnee Indians, and at 12 m., on the banks of a clear and

among them was their chief, whose beautiful stream with a gravel botsearch of a fording place returned at tom, ]/i a me from the river—Somename is Sisketuk—he rode a mule,

the rest were on foot. They came half past ten and the people were few deer seen by the hunters today

forward and shook hands with us called together to learn the result—The grass here is of the highest

orders were for every team to and most luxuriant growth we haveas we passed—Went about 2 miles Thefurther when the tire of one of take 2 or 3 or 4 rails into their wagyet seen—There have been three

Brother Kimball's wagons came off ons and instantly proceed on the fresh buffalo tracks seen today by and our line of wagons halted while journey, and for every ten to travel the hunters—a number of them are

it was being repaired, which octogether, horses and ox teams.... out in pursuit of game—traveled

rather slowly this forenoon, as wecupied about 1 5 minutes—We then Saturday the 24th—Very warm

to> the paceproceeded until we came parallel to day and but little air stirring—The accommodated ourselves

the trading house of Mr. Sarpee, on brethren commenced crossing the of ox teams, making about 8 miles

the south side of the Loup Fork.... river this forenoon, in different ways, at 20 minutes to 2 p.m. we were

Thursday the 22nd—Orson some putting their effects in the again in motion—went 8 miles and

and myself arose at 1 a.m. and he leather boat and taking their empty encamped on the open prairie, a mile

river with their from the river, and still farther fromwent on the picquet guard—I was wagons over the

Island timber which cattle on Grand was to closestationed the attached—The camp—Strong

... this place opposite. Reached cattle driven back were quitenortheast and wind cold—felt horseshorses andand

rather dumpish this morning, both and forth loose in order to establish about 6 p.m. and encamped in a cirit was discovered that cle, having made 16 miles today.of us—Brigham and Heber both a firm track as

stood guard the 1st part of the night the sand packed together and formed The last of the 1st bag of corn for this evening.-—Started this morning at 10 minutes a more substantial foundation by the horses was used

strong from theto 8 and traveled over the most intraveling frequently over it—Stakes The wind blew very

teresting part of the country I have were planted at intervals across the north all night.

yet seen on the route.... stream as a guide.... ( To be continued)

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /i Clarence Neslen, then mayor of Salt Lake City, congratulated the people of the state and the interRADIO mountain region on this enterprise.

He was followed by Sister Augusta a the Ljc eddaae f Grant.President Anthony W. Ivins, the

next speaker, alluded to the differBy ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. ence between the transmission of

news between that wireless instrument and what the Pioneers had a scant seventyfive years previously.

President George Albert Smith, then a member of the Council of the

Twelve and superintendent of the

Y.M.M.I.A.,next addressed that unseen audience. He said:

I have had many unique experiences in my life. I had the privilege of riding

the first bicycle that came into Salt Lake

City, and the first pattern of safety bicycle that came here. I talked in the

first telephone that came here and have talked over the long distance telephone from San Francisco to New York. I

have heard the Pacific and the Atlantic oceans rumbling over the wires. I have

also had the pleasure of riding in an airplane from Brussels to London, at the rate, part of the time, of one hundred miles an hour.

—Photograph, courtesy of Rachel Grant Taylor I have lived to see many wonderful

THE FIRST RADIO BROADCAST OF THE RESTORED GOSPEL MAY 6, 1922 things occur, as predicted by the prophets of old, wherein it was stated that first the of should Book when Mormon like of the things dedicated so many Deseret by The News.RADIO, forth, the come Lord would commence that of life eight o'clock accepted that PresiAt evening are now

as commonplace, had its humdent Heber J. Grant stepped to the hishaveworklivedamongto see themorenations,wonderfuland weinble beginnings. Probably the first microphone, saying: ventions during the period of time since

inbroadcasting the intermountain the forth the of of coming Book Moris This to the message people my resembling towest, what know we that contribute of mon, the to would comthe world, from the Doc- a quotation 22, 1920, fort done satisfactionday, was November and of the human trine Covenants, section as and known family, all in than have the occurred Deseret began Thewhen News revelation 76, a Smith and to Joseph broadcasting from station 6 ZM, Salt Sidney Rigdon. balance of time, since the world was

Lake City. In recounting the popucreated.

is this the the tidings, gospel, glad And its station the nightlylarity of and And, now, the climax, to cap we the voice which the of out heavens historical o'clock, at nine the anewscast bore have opportunity talking of over a us unto wireless telephone,article having section in the and of that record it broadmagazine into the world, That Jesus, he came even paper on March 4, 1922, quietly to be crucified for the world, and to bear cast to very many stations, scattered boasts that the station had been the sins of the world, and to sanctify the at intervals anywhere from five hundred strong enough "at times,"to be world, and to cleanse it from all unrightto one thousand miles away. I had the

privilege first once of sending the wireArizona, eousness;heard Mexico, in New less all telegram that through That might him saved ever be received was byCalifornia, Idaho, Washington, the Father into his put had President whom power F. I Joseph Smith, when was

Oregon, Montana, North Dakota, and made by him;... out in the Atlantic Ocean, but I look

South Dakota, Nebraska, WyoFor we saw him, even on the right hand upon this wireless telephone as the of the God; heard and voice bearing we as wellming, Kansas, as Utah. and culmination of all the experimarvelous

that record is the he Begotten Only big that of the ences achievementTheir one the was to which family has human Fatherthe S. S. Maui, on a San FranciscoThat by him, and through him, and of thus far been heir, and I congratulate

Hawaii voyage, had reported pickhim, the worlds are and were created, and the people who live in this wonderful ing up the station, February 12, the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons land of liberty, this country which is 1921, while 1,188 miles at sea. and daughters unto God. (D. & C. 76:40always foremost in matters of invention, grateful, and indeed, 23, that 42, I am 24.) my ago, quartercentury on Satur- A lot has been cast a people among who restored 6, 1922, theday, gosMay I bear witness to all mankind that look forward to every for thing good

pel was taught by radio for the first Joseph Smith was a prophet of the true the benefit and uplift of mankind.

time as station KZN was formally and the Living God. (Concluded on page 255)

APRIL 1947 205 Im5ldevit GEORGE ALBERT SMITH'S

enjoyed and the temple through the from Went recommend a Parowan. Got and President 1891, the fall of when friends I would wish much; very my in myself temple. the Lucy Saw bishop to go to twenAlbert Smith wasIN George done. for the to be work themselves prepare the evening.

tyone years of age, he was called by the First Presidency to The reader will no doubt rememHPhe missionaries returned to Salt undertake his first mission for the ber that the Salt Lake Temple was Lake City on the train the day

Church. This was not a twoyear not completed in 1891, and it was after their visit to the temple, and in

mission to the eastern or the souththerefore necessary for George Althe evening George Albert took Lucy ern states or to Europe or the isles for a buggy ride. Then, Monday

of the sea. It was a short term or morning, September 7, he departed

local mission, "to the stakes of Juab, K'?.?'"'V?T.": -: <*** '*"''f:"'-'':-'',: for his mission field. On the

Millard, Beaver, and Parowan, I to way to the depot he called to say labor among the young people."goodbye to Lucy. He missed the

At the time of this call George Altrain by twenty minutes.

bert, as he was familiarly known, Went to the U. P. depot but found that

was working for Zion's Cooperative the train and the timetable conflicted and

Mercantile Institution as a salesman I was twenty minutes late. Went on down

in the grocery department. He had, to the D. & R. G. and took the train to

in. fact, just returned from a long Prove Left my valise at the depot and

journey by wagon, which had taken wentto the tolakegrandmother's.picnic with theSawfolks.Sarah.Got Wenthome

him as far south as Richfield in!>? tired and much disgusted with what I saw.

Sevier County, and had occupied nearly a month's time. He had called The next morning he met Elder

at the stores in the various small Dougall on the train bound for settlements and had taken orders for Nephi, and the two arrived in their groceries, both on the outward and field of labor, ninety miles from return trips. home, shortly before noon.

George Albert was a pleasant Arrived in Nephi and were met by stake young man of happy temperament; superintendent [of the Y. M. M. I. A.] D.

naturally optimistic, friendly, alert, K. Brown. Went home with him and had

called Brother dinner. next on nice a We in that fact, it appears inenergetic; LUCY EMILY WOODRUFF [SMITH] chat a pleasant and had William Paxman found salesman a he hadthe work of a few Called our work. on about him with

an occupation for which he was parfriends who made us welcome to their ticularly qualified. Then, as if out bert to go to either the Logan Temhomes.

of the clear blue sky, came this letple or the Manti Temple. He chose

ter from the First Presidency calling to go to Manti. The entry of Sephim on a mission. tember 2 follows:

He did not give a second thought Salt Lake, September 2nd. Left for

as to whether or not he should accept Manti on the D. & R. G., in company with

the call. Of course he would go; that W. B. Doug all, Jr., who was appointed to

was a foregone conclusion. There labor with me. Stopped at the Bench House.

was just one regret and that was Called at Lowry's.

that he would have to leave his William B. Dougall, Jr., was the

sweetheart, Lucy Emily Woodruff. handsome, refined, educated young

He and Lucy were engaged, and son of William B. and Maria Young

they hoped to be married sometime Dougall. His mother was the daughduring the coming summer. ter of President Brigham Young.

George Albert kept a diary while William was one year older than on his first mission, and from the George Albert. The two had been

pages of this little book the informaclose friends and companions at tion for this article was gleaned. home and had known each other

The diary opens with the followfrom childhood. They looked foring entry: ward to the experiences of this mission together.

Salt Lake City, Sept. 1st., '91. Was 3, George Albert called by the Presidency to go on a misOn September

sion to the stakes of Juab, Millard, Beaver, wrote: WILLIAM B. [WILBY] DOUGALL, JR.

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA very pleasantly by Bro. Thomas Parks.

Were just in time for dinner. I went with

Wilb [nickname for his companion] to call on Mrs. Bryan, where we were entertained

by the family and a Miss Neff who was invited in. Retired at ten o'clock. Expected a letter today but was disappointed.

Am a little alarmed, but trust that all is well. Found the parlor transformed into aFIRST MISSION bedroom.

The next day was Sunday, and the elders attended church. the Lkufck

Nephi, Sept. 13th, '91. Arose at 6:30 and

took a ride on Bro. Park's bicycle. Enjoyed

Thus was the first day in the misBy PRESTON NIBLEY the ride but broke the bicycle. Went to

sion field spent by the two young Sunday School and was called to address the school; only spoke a few words. Next

elders. William Paxman, referred to was called to visit the primary and had a

above, was the president of Juab nice time with the little ones. Told them

Stake. That night the visitors stayed the story of the Savior's birth and life, and

with Brother Brown, and the diary they told me who it was. After Sunday

reveals the activities of the followSchool I was surprised and much gratified by Brother Dougall telling me that he had ing day. thought to lead in our labors together, but

I felt that to to that he so say much was me little feeling eight at a o'clock Arose desired qualified better that than he he was host, the at of taken having our cheap bed all in of labors. to our me

floor. the slept breakAfter having he on

to dinner had and meet- a good went Wefollow fast got Brother a and went buggy Brown the ing. Brother Karl occupied G. Maeser

arto us took and and team Mona. We I felt time. the as the about same do He

dinat rived nice Brother a Kay's and had called to meetdismiss the young. Was letters. train ner. the to mail to our Ran

ing. as Brother said to goodbye Brown We in the evening. Brother meeting a Held

again. did not to see expect him Went we

first for twentyfive about Dougall spoke little scripto studied the and up a home

I thirty for minutes, minutes. followed and

ture. Arnold a and Mr. Young John W. well. spirit the very both enjoyed We time. in at held a meetsupper came We acquaintof Started with our some home

ing attended. poorly very which was Were

invitations ances. a to eat with Received

to back. invited stay came when Had we

at of 10:25. people. Retired The number

rest. the night's of informed a good Was

I letter that for came. looked never

preparations of Emily [Lucy wedding LEW

Woodruff] by WBD [William B. DougBut he was not discouraged. He all].

was at the post office next morning

Next morning the visitors reand was rewarded for his long wait.

turned to Nephi.

Nephi, Sept. 14th, '91. Arose feeling

10th, Sept. '91. Arose Mona, the exercise. to took a little well and Went ALBERT SMITH AT THE feeling PRESIDENT GEORGE

well. and started very good breakfast Had a office. EIGHTEEN letter. AGE OF sorry Feel post Got LEW's

for Nephi, driven by a son of Brother Kay. that she is so ill. Took dinner with James

Went to Brother Paxman's as instructed. Bigler and family. Visited the new academy.

Saw Brother Brown again. Went to the counselor of the Y.M.M.I.A. of Levan. He Wrote Lucy nine pages. Read most of the

home and studied up a little scripture. Aroffered us transportation to the home of the afternoon. Spent the evening at Langley

rangements were made to take us to Levan. president, but we declined with thanks. We Bailey's. Wish I could talk to Lucy for a

We had an excellent dinner at Bro. Paxwalked two miles out of town to see him, few moments. Retired at 10 o'clock.

man's prepared by Miss Alice Paxman. and I got in the mud in good shape, right

president the tops. shoe over called to for us my Brother Levan to go Brown We met ()n Thursday, September 17, the

dinner. splendid and chat The a and had rain in p.m. a caught about 2:15 Were

storm. Arrived at Bishop Ogard's, the water here looks like mud and tastes like missionaries continued their

storm having ceased. We took a short vinegar. [This was fiftysix years ago. journey southward.

walk and got back just in time to avoid a It is different now.] Held a meeting in the

terrible thunderstorm. The hail that came meetinghouse. The house was full and a We left Nephi at 9:30 in company with

down was as large as pigeon's eggs, and good time was had. Brother Dougall leadBrother Hawkins. Got to Brother Peterson's

then a terrible rainstorm followed. Weathing for fifteen minutes and I followed for at Levan for dinner. Left at 12:30 for

er turned off quite cold. We are well treated thirtyfive minutes. The president of the Scipio. Saw John Acomb on the train as

and well wished by everybody. Y.M.M.I.A. next spoke for a few moments. it passed. Got to Scipio at five o'clock.

The feeling was very good. Roads very dusty. Stopped at Sister Yates'

The following day a successful and was kindly treated. Met the bishop for

meeting was held with the good peoHThe missionaries returned to Nephi the first time. Brother Thompson had senv

ple of Levan. to spend the week end. toingJuabin thefor useveningbut missedbut didus. notHeldfeela meetwell.

Levan, Sept. 11th, '91. Arose after a Levan, Sept. 12th, '91. Arose after a Meeting not very well attended.

good night's rest feeling firstrate. Took a good night's rest and cut some wood. Had

skate through the mud before breakfast. the morning meal, after which I wrote two Only a one night's stop was made

[This was his way of expressing the fact letters, one to Mother and the other to at Scipio. Brother Thompson took

that he took a short walk in the rainsoaked Martha. Brother Peterson called for us the elders on to Holden.

town.] After eating went and saw the first and took us to Nephi. We were received (Continued on page 208)

APRIL 1947 207

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH'S FIRST MISSION ( Continued from page 207 cussed and the pranks told of again. We back on the hayrack and slept in the little

Arose and cut some wood. After breakarrived at Brother Maeser's and were well room. The fleas got the best of the bargain.

fast I studied a little while, also called on received. Mr. Clayton took us through the

Brother Martin. After dinner Brother WilCourt House, which, by the way, is very The next afternoon the elders

liam Thompson called on us and took us to fine; the cost was $13,000. The clock in the journeyed back to Beaver.

Holden. He had a pair of young colts, and tower is a fine one made by the Howard

they made some very awkward moves. We Watch and Clock Company. The weight Greenville, Sept. 26th, '91. Arose early

is the thousand hundred clock one all of of to two the safe arrived went and home the took through skate and mud. a Waited

it is fifty for pounds, a hard one job and and the president the of Brother Stephenson, until after for to dinner to take us a team it to up. After supper went wind in man held meetwe Holden. a Y.M.M.I.A. We ride Beaver. pleasant to a Beaver. Had

fair, to the tabernacle. is attendance fine It in was ing The the meetinghouse. a new all bitten terribly fleas over. with On Am

spirit the received and good. very was finished, seats; splendidly place, and good We calf place leg, of the three inches on one my

for of remarks. thanks vote it a hearty our be. as meeting clean as can was The I I fifteen bites. square, have been have

poorly attended. Retired at 10 o'clock. bitten over eighty times on my legs.

A fter stopping two nights in BeaThe journey was now continued to ver the elders journeyed to the He went straight to the post office

Fillmore. next town, Minersville. on his arrival in Beaver.

Arose and cut some wood. After breakBrother Gentry came along with a load, I received five very welcome letters from

left fast pair for Fillmore, the behind same at nice Lucy. bath a sponge sit Brother for Had place but to on, us he a and made

in tried get the of they cayuses; wagon at Maeser's. Gentry's. Arthur Stopped Minersville; a with broke to went him we

Fillfeet. at their arrived hind with Weto spring the to Baker's Brother way. on Got

all had and George Hansen O.K. more Saw the to folks and found away. went pleasant days, and Sunday We HPwo chat. Albert and Davis a pleasant Saw received. kindly Bishop Walker's and were 28, September Monday, 27 and letter Callister. a Expected Porter from

milk. of bread supper a and good Had My

I one, patiently did get so not but in Lucy spent Beaver. were for stopped hour then one watch and went

father. at letter wait. a from Stopped Got

all right. 9:15. Retired at on

in '91. meeting Sister Robinson's. a good Had 27th, at Sept. Sunday, Arose 8

the evening. Wore George Hansen's coat. swelling lips are Thursday, September 24, was witho'clock,coldfeelingsores. fine.AfterMybreakfast went we

The next day, September 20, was spent in Minersville. to Sunday School. Went to afternoon

thirtyfive meeting and I minutes. occupied elders attended Sunday, and the

the at 7:15 Arose wood; and cut some called After dinner Burt. Brother on The in Fillmore. Sunday School clear. breakfast. a hearty weather Ate Took in Y.M.M.I.A., meeting the evening was

a walk; Dotson saw Mina and was attended. invited well 25 minutes. I spoke The

o'clock. Sunday at eight Arose Went to call. to reading. Studied a good day's Had choir at ten o'clock. was fine. Retired

to the children. School spoke Saw and lessons. to Spencer Wallace Wrote Jomy

dinner with Lovell. George seph Took like and to see for a Lucy Lucy. Would

time. and had Bade Brother a fine Hansen is well. minutes; a And the next day: she hope that Held few

started and goodbye William Thompson in the in that meeting evening was a home at o'clock. Arose 8 breakfast helpAfter held for Beaver. with Hansen George it We finished, cold. quite not and was Wonder ed the Miss dishes. Rawlins a wash Got at o'clock had in and two meeting Meadow if will get the ever people awakened. young from mother. her. to package Wrote Wrote 7:30 at in fine also meeting house; Kanosh a I his overcoat. has put a little on Wilb am to fine Lucy. Sister a at dinner Had the passed attended. well which was I I We yet. haven't tougher. mine put on Gentry's. to the organization Went ward the of wives Hole, Hell one where here. of haven't got mine

little the of in- Y.M.M.I.A., and a gave put his of and killed wives another Kanosh

It is in hole. supposed the her body that The missionaries journeyed the struction.at the house.Had a pleasant chat afterwards is old mine copper the hole that was an

worked by the Lamanites or Spaniards. We next day to "Pancake or Greensaw the grave of old Walker, the robber ville."On Tuesday, September 29, the

Indian chief, on the side of the hill. We missionaries moved on to Paragoosaw the grave also of old Mike. He was Arose at 7 o'clock and was surprised to nah.

photographed the day before he died, and see it raining. The people seemed anxious

* for to to for us or that had Pancake Calder go Will Indians was thought the we '91. Beaver, 29th, Sept. at 6:45 Arose

just didn't Greenville. the worry. But as death, of he the was we cause We took walk. a brains and sweet and Had

until for resius, they at took and the it easy came stopped byphotographer. hisWe for bread breakfast. arrangements Made

it at raining. that slept time but Rapley, had stopped of Brotherdence J. J. for invitation; while gone. washing my An

letter bishop's. fromthe Lucy. No Milford to lecfrom is sent us to and come

Arriving in Greenville, the elders ture. Got the history of Barlow Ferguson.

After leaving Kanosh the missionwere taken to a home where they He taught school in Minersville in 1883.

to< prosecuting their journey southattorney 1885 fromaries continued Was flies dinner, "the but had a good

I feel Beaver. 1887 in a little uneasy about to Beaver.ward tried into to get awful. were They at things home. After dinner I studied unArose at 6:30 and went to Brother Rapeverything."Afterwards the mistil the stage came. When it came weley's; found George Hansen all ready. sionaries went to a modest home found that it was only a buckboard, and

While eating breakfast it started to rain, where they were to stay overnight. with only one seat. The three of us occupied

started I unand in an hitched for the seat thirtytwo miles, gotbut up and we at Greenville held meeting was A tired. umbrellas and had the verycovered wagon. driver. a chat with Had We in the the evening which all right. I coats, were letter The so elders atHisrubber from* O'Donnel. name got a was we

rain came down quite hard for a little way tended. Mother just as we were leaving Beaver.

but stopped before long. We got to Cove We got to Paragoonah at 7:30 p.m., and

at 11:40, all O.K.; the wind quite cold. We went to meeting on a hayrack, in were met by James Ollerton, the superinLeft Cove at 2 o'clock and got to Beaver company with two ladies and two gentletendent's first counselor. I went to the post

at 5:30. We got a streak of telling personmen, and had a fine ride, though the mud office and told them to stop my Parowan

al adventures, some of which were quite was hub deep. We had a good meeting and mail here. A little later I went and got a:

ludicrous. The Fish Creek camp was dis- a very good hand shaking after. We went (Concluded on page 245)

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, ZL TEACHER AS COUNSELOR

ZV. ///. cJLunn vJ>enmovi &

SUPERINTENDENT, SALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS

teacher may be ever so brilchurch window.""Did you try to

liant, welltrained, and yet do it?""No, if I had, I would have

lack the qualities that are missed it."Both laughed, though theAnecessary in an adviser. I have in boys lips quivered. person's problems, and reserve all

mind a teacher who was all wrapped "Guess I'll have to go up and tell judgments and diagnosis.

up in laboratory experiments with the bishop,"he said. "That would

rats. He suffered from insomnia and be the thing to do,"replied his Jesus was a model counselor. Inwas a recluse. His rats thrived exmother. "I'll tell him that I'll fix it dividuals were drawn close to him,

ceedingly, but his students felt sadly tomorrow.""If you do that, it will and his love and understanding

neglected. be all right."That mother was skildrew him close to them. One could

Other teachers may be vitally inful. She understood the laws of almost write the story of Jesus'life

terested in subject matter, but the growth and the meaning of life. Her by recounting those instances when

individual student receives attention son will open his heart to her as he came into intimate contact with only when he is extremely stupid or long as they both live. individual persons.

his bright, or noticeably bewhen interview personal with ZacHis guide must would who A teacher of line havior status with the is out illuminatof the most is one in chaeus limitation his freely admit own it skill less Obviously, takes quo. ing in Bible. pictures the Jesus was skill. and to knowledge

teach the content of a manual than going along the way when he saw to give helpful guidance to individu- A teacher must be able as objec- a man hanging on the limb of a tree.

als. It is one thing to be immersed in tively to admit to himself that he was What did he say to the man? He

facts, and it is another thing to give wrong in his attitude or interpretacould have said, "You robber of the guidance to growing life. tion as he expects his students to be poor, you degenerate,"but he didn't.

We shall be concerned in this arin regard to his own behavior. Instead, "Zacchaeus, come down,

ticle, not with the medical and psyAn honest and intelligent student for I wish to dine at your house,"chological training necessary to deal at the end of a ten day college conthat is what the world's greatest with abnormal people, but with ference said that the thing that had counselor said. Why? Because here

those human characteristics which meant most to her was the willingwas a human soul; one that would

enable teachers to win the friendship ness of the leaders to admit that they respond to sympathetic and underand confidence of students. No did not know what to do in the midst standing leadership.

technique is so rare as that of getting of the complicated social issues with We have a right to be curious, to along successfully with other people. which they were faced. This meant know what went on behind that

Every emotion and function of life to her that she need no longer feel scene. The guest and the host must

demands it. The following questions isolated in her sense of inadequacy, have had a glorious fellowship.

might help the teacher to evaluate but she could feel the comradeship Something happened to the host, for his power to succeed in this matter: of working with others whom she when the dinner was over, he went

could trust at many points where and paid all he owed, repaid all 1. Can I get along with other members her own knowledge and experience those he had cheated, and threw in

of family? my In less complete. extra. a world which something were gave went and He

I 2. and respected loved by others? Am all is unfinished, of where the one knows the remainder no to he had

I 3. contribute to the welfare of Do

others? the exact or even the approximate poor.

4. Do I shy away from people? answer to many questions, he can There were times when Jesus did

5. Are social contacts painful? best help who can face his rational not show much patience; times when

and emotional limitations with conhis words cut deep. He had little paTThe following incident illustrates fidence instead of fear; with honesty, tience with hypocrites. Perhaps the

what it means to get along with instead of evasion. There is a special reason was they could not be helped

people: A mother, sitting in her need to be cautious about teachers, until they desired the right. So long

home, sewing, watched her big who as counselors, use labels for as an individual is dishonest with thirteenyear-old boy come boundconduct, who expect they must find himself, no one can help him. Such

ing into the room. "Mom, I pulled certain conduct patterns. In dealing people need to be told the truth

a boner.""What did you do, Bob?"with individuals, it is necessary to plainly. They may become very

"I kicked a football through the recognize the uniqueness of each (Concluded on page 242)

APRIL 1947 209 BEHTENNIHL THE DESERT WAS TAMED HOW Af <=JLe$son for'Jodau and Jcomonow f< V Part IV responsibility for the welfare of the members, whether high or low. Yet the individual was

Chapter 7 In Union Is Strength not in any way restrained within the rules of remain along or could company. go He the pioneers before was Herthe work

along, he behind. must be he went But if of settlement A Theculean. Past methods

would have to be abandoned or modified. mindful of the others. The journey was

The question was one of the survival of a strictly a cooperative enterprise.

group, not of an occasional individual. The When the Salt Lake valley was reached, it

conquest of the desert could not be accombecame necessary to distribute lands among plished unless all worked together for the the pioneers. Individuals were not allowed to

rush, selfishly, to claim the locations that apcommon cause—unless each one helped everyone. It was "one for all, and all for one."No peared to be the best. Instead, the problem was

one person or family could live to himself or treated as a group concern, in which every for himself. Individuals and families were individual should have equal rights. Limitabut parts of a group in the sometimes fierce tions were placed upon areas that could be

battle for victory. secured, and the assignments made by lot. It

For such cooperation the pioneers were was the best that could be done then, but it well prepared. Deep in their philosophy of curbed selfishness which is incompatible with

life, in their impelling beliefs, lay the doctrine cooperation.

that men were preexistent brothers and sisIrrigation became the first large concern in ters, children of God placed on earth for a the semiarid valley of settlement. Irrigaspecific purpose, their unending progress. It tion, in turn, required canals. Each landwould then be the business of each individual owner could not dig his own canal. That was

to achieve that purpose for himself; and also out of the question. There was no money for

the concern of all who are on the way to hiring workmen. Cooperation or no canal was

achievement, to assist him. Salvation became the answer. All landowners under the canal

not only a personal affair, but in addition a would have to participate in the digging of the cooperative enterprise, first between the incanal. It was splendid training in living todividual and God, then between the individgether.

ual and the assisting group. That really meant So, Andrew King, miner from Scotland, love of man for man, the governing law of came to Salt Lake City nearly barefoot, for

Jesus the Christ. In the faith that drove the he had walked across the plains. Those in

love and love westward, pioneers among men, go> to valley authority suggested he Cache principle of action. for God, was the basic settlements founded. being There, were It where

was always taught that the best way to love the bishop, as temporal advisor, pointed out

God was to give practical help to God's chil- a tenacre plot on which he might settle. But,

dren, to love them.

irrigation. for canal water needed was was A Early in their history, the principle of coall the leading above farm being dug the way operation had been taught them in large from the intake at the canyon stream. Five

terms. A system had been presented for their rods of canal was King's allotment for his

acceptance, which while partly communal, farm. With a borrowed pick and shovel he

preserved individual rights and ownership and filled his assignment. All the other water users

freedom of life. This they had tried out and did the same. Soon water was available.

found good. But, the weaknesses of memBrother King spent his life on his little farm,

bers had led to a temporary suspension of reared his family there, and was a good citithe order. The principle of the system, in the zen of state and church. Through the pioneer

form of cooperation, had been retained, and canal still runs crystal clear water for the had always been in full operation, as an obpioneer farms now being cultivated by pioneer ligation upon the people. grandchildren.

The organization of every company for the journey across the plains, especially in ox team ""uring the hard, pioneer years, proselyting days, was done with full respect to the benefit was being carried on in many lands. The

of the individual. The group could not escape converts were eager to join their fellow beTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

\v

son Pratt. And, he added, it was the best

investment he ever made.

A grain of wheat had double value in those

It first of all. food, It furnished days.By Ibr. JoL 4. Wllhisoe into exchange, also by be converted, TWELVE could

houses, outbuildings, farm and home utensils, clothes, and occasional recreation—such, for

example, as attending general conference lievers in the valleys of the West. At home sometimes three hundred miles away. Its inthey were held in contempt for having become creased value came, however, because it was

"Mormons."Many of them were young, poor, scarce. The pioneers lived on scant rations.

and unable to meet the expenses of the jourBesides, as the years went on, there reney over sea and land. Therefore, the Church, mained the memory of the early days when

that is, its membership, established the Perfamine threatened the people. The story of the

petual Emigration Fund. To it the people rescue by the seagulls was kept in mind. Every

contributed in small amounts; the money was householder felt at ease only when his granary

lent to individuals for emigration purposes; contained a supply of food for at least two

the loans were repaid to the fund, then lent years. A surplus must be had to face the vicisagain. Thus it became in reality a perpetual situdes of life, the everchanging years. This

fund. When the whole group cooperated in practice has been carried down through the

this manner, no one really felt the sacrifice. years. Recently it has appeared as a guiding

And the warmth of gratitude by those so principle in the socalled welfare program of helped continued through life. the Church. The world needs to observe this

As the years passed, commerce within the practice.

Basin increased. The merchants, who properNaturally, it became an ingrained habit to

ly were entitled to profits, often took advanconserve everything of value. Waste was

tage of the remoteness of the place, to increase classed among the sins. Unwise use of one's

prices. To meet the situation, the toiling setpossessions was held in contempt. Using

tlers set up a cooperative institution, with every effort in the battle with wind and headquarters in Salt Lake City, and branches weather, the care of the least and last of that in the settlements everywhere. of it, the wise, frugal use The stock produced, and beVwas by the people, owned and all profits went must hardearned income came a duty. The

to them. Until the venture ended, upon the be used only for food or things of comfort or

influx of people not of their faith, it was highbeauty to enhance the joy of living. The old

ly successful. The parent store in Salt Lake proverb, "Waste not; want not,"was given

City, Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institu- a religious import.

tion, is reported to be the first department Sister Larsen tells how as a girl she gleaned store in the United States, therefore, probably, the wheat fields, with other girls. Sister /

in the world. Steerforth relates that they ground up the

The practice of cooperation not only helped little grain they could spare in a rough little the pioneers directly, but also enlarged their mill on City Creek, and that she wore out a souls and made them more useful in all their precious veil she had brought along, in sifting affairs in which dealings with other men were the flour, but that they were glad to use the J involved. bran and all before the next harvest. Food

The world needs today more than anything was too scarce to be lost. And thrift was too

else, the unselfish spirit which makes cooperaimportant a principle to allow the fallen grain tion possible. to remain unused.

Likewise, to spend before receiving, to go in

Chapter 8 "Waste Not, Want Not"debt, was completely out of harmony with their life philosophy. Each man lived within

'"The pioneers paid a heavy price in toil for his income, and accordingly, he did not gamble their sustenance. Rations were often short upon the uncertainties of the future, by borwhile the land was being cleared of sagebrush rowing food, things, or money.

and prepared for cultivation. And the rations However, the pioneers did not hug thrift to

were not much larger in the early cropping their bosoms with blurred eyes. They recogdays. A calico dress was a notable venture in nized that thrift was concerned with more

fashion in those days. John C. Sharp used to than things produced. They saw with a clearer

tell of the long process of saving up five dolvision that the spirit of real thrift preceded lars, dime by dime, for a pair of shoes for his production. This also was of common conwife who was nearly barefoot; and once, in sideration among the people.

faith, he gave the money to help Apostle Or- {Continued on page 248)

4PRIL 1947 names had been called. With the

IN THE knowledgethem, any familyof experiencein town couldbehindhave HOLE been ready to start, on a twentyfour hour notice. All anyone needed was

the confirmation that his or her name had been called. ROCK There was little excitement when

the meeting for naming the company lrince f\edd was finally called. Silas S. Smith B,Anna was renamed president, with Piatt

DeAlton Lyman of Oak City, first counselor, and Jense Nielson of

SYNOPSIS tling so large and rich an area, voted Cedar City, second counselor. In

Tn 1879, the call to open a new Indian misan increased allotment of machinery addition were a clerk, a chaplain, a

A sion in southern Utah came to the men and equipment to help outfit the main chorister, and more than two hunand was of Cedar women City—and varicompany. dred and fifty people!ously received. always Jones had Kumen

felt that he would be called to such a misAt home in Cedar City, Silas gave At the pronouncement of the sion. His mother, Sage Tceharne Jones, a glowing account of the expedition, names there was pleased acknowlknew that the parting was inevitable. But to praising the fertility of the soil, the edgment throughout the audience.

Mary, wife of Kumen, it at first seemed ungrandeur of the scenery, and the My, wouldn't Aunt Elsie be proud of bearable. Silas Smith, Jones, and Kumen wealth he was sure lay in the hills. her 'Yense'now! And who was this called asGeorge were Brigham Hobbs

president, Indian interpreter, and chief "The country is virgin!"he cried at Mr. Lyman with the highsounding

scout, for the expedition by John Taylor, the first town meeting after his rename? They knew the Redds and

President of the Church. In addition, twentyturn. "I tell you there's no place the Paces who had been called from

four young men and two families were equal to it! There's grass up to a New Harmony: any company would

catted exploring party. for the This comjust belly! horse's Lord The their better for the membership. saved be

includedpany members and from Parowan this!"a time as for such place the the Deckers, Bayleses from The those well as asParagoonah Cedar from

City. A shout went up. It grew till it Parowan, the Perkins brothers of

To Mary, the month of September was shook the rafters of the church. their own town—all these were fine.to be treasured—against the new venture Every male voice in the audience The members called from upstate

country.into a strange a She felt new tencheered and cheered. Silas was gratiwere all strangers, and there wasderness Treharne, for Sage be would who

left desolate with Rumen's departure. And fied, but he was too shrewd a leader pleased speculation as to what kind

Kumen, too, felt regret that they must leave not to note the absence of enthuof folk they would prove to be.

their settled life, but more than the regret siasm on the part of the women. The The waiting and uncertainty were

was the urge to go to San Juan—"the most memory of other years of pioneering, over! The congregation was jubilant.

beautiful place men will ever see—and the of other weary weeks of living in No more delays, no more talk, they'dmost dangerous."

covered wagons, of cooking over just get ready and be on their way!

Chapter IV smoking fires, was in their eyes. To But would they? A stir of surprise

life; roof gold the a them, meant imthe audience. in rippled over An the of end the September field ripe of a comwheat broad was dignified walkpressively man was feats of the scouting expediSilas fortingly, sure. sustainingly it aisle, hurriedly the ing was up and tion had become history. townBy felt his responsibility. the of weight that his he bearing evident had fromAfter building log houses for the reflected, times, he were There when to importance of the utmost businessHarriman and families Davis who religious not susfervor even would authorities. to the one present No lefthad been at Fort Montezuma, this tain of people. the burdens The seen him him. one had knew Nothe scouts planted crops, canals dug esthe of cooperation was women in. of a There was moment comefrom the Montezuma to the Creek mission, sential to the the of success attention respectful followed an bysmall farms, then and returned

it is of mission. must as any be They unrest. of seepage unmistakablehome.

to inspired acthan do more merely to this man now? was What Who to Not wanting endure the again

if lot. their his cept wife, Perhaps their into meetunannounced comehardships of the route they exhad

... party. twinkled. a His had eyes ing?plored, they to chose return a by are creathe beatinest "Women of Frequent nods approval fromroad that led north into the settled tures!"chuckled. to he them "Get authorities the to held the audienceareas of it Utah. This possible made time, they'll havin'a good and need waiting. hush, expectant anfor Silas to Smith leave the company further converting."see no must Heat the crossroads intermisuspense directly seemed and to The go party. the to- o'clock ten about By

Salt Lake to make his report to the morrow morning his wife would have nable. There was the cry of an aweleaders of the Church. He assured things moving in the right direction. struck child, quickly soothed to

them that San Juan was tenable and The meeting adjourned, and Silas silence by its anxious parent. Breaththat a road could be built into it. He went home happy. ing was almost suspended, held to

passed over the hazards of the trip, the minimum by the portentous exavoiding any mention of the hostility '"Phe days passed into a month, pectancy that gripped the people, of the Indian chiefs. with the problem of the mission waiting.

Highly gratified, the Church leadstill before the people. The date had The stake president arose, stood

ers, realizing the importance of setbeen set—October 17, 1879—but no for a moment without speaking,

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

weighing the temper of his townsof the building. There was not a a young scout from Escalante, James

men. Then he said evenly: "My word spoken... Collett, who had come by request to

brothers and sisters, the stranger in acquaint the company with the deour midst is Bishop Andrew Schow ThTor five days the officers and Bishtails of the route. Following Silas'

of Escalante."He paused, but there op Schow were closeted, five days report, Collett talked long and in

was no answering, responsive stir in which no word went out to the glowing terms of the possibilities for it was andeveloping the new route, and of thefrom the audience, only a straining anxious people. Then

forward with eyes and ears that must nounced that Silas Smith had gone advantages it afforded. Escalante,

see and hear what was to come. to Salt Lake City to confer with the he said, was on the fringe of the

Bishop Schow was smiling as he Church leaders. The people were Escalante Desert, a beautiful level

stood beside the stake president. to be patient. They were to be ready country that would pose no difficul-

"Bishop Schow has come all the to leave for San Juan on a day's noties. It ended at the Colorado River

way from Escalante, horseback, over tice. gorge, where a natural fissure in the

the mountains, to acquaint us with a Silas made the two hundred and ledge would, with a little work, furfifty trip to mile from Cedar river. to the Salt nish egress a shorter route to Sannew—and only took in four days, and Lake meeting an unsatisfacan- was stake president's TheJuan!"The

nouncement was pointedly agitated, three days for the return—a record tory one. The people went to their

an emotion that spread to the audirun! Redeyed and gaunt, he stood homes more restless and dissatisfied

ence. "The leaders will confer with before his company and told them than before. The only satisfaction

Bishop Schow at further length,"that the route proposed by Bishop they could see in any of it was that he continued. "You will be informSchow had been accepted by the they would start for the much talkedChurch Authorities. He assured of desert within twentyfour hours.ed of the decision reached. After

them that the new route was less There had been too many delays andprayer this meeting will stand adarduous than the one followed by too much talk! Go how or wherejourned!"

One of the counselors dismissed the scouting party, and that it would they must, they wanted to get the meeting. The audience filed out save not only time and money, but started.

that it would eliminate four hundred miles of road building also. I"eaving the meetinghouse, Stan-

"I bring you the blessings and asford and Arabella Smith, Kumen surance of the Church leaders,"he and Mary walked together in the said in closing. early October twilight, talking earReturning to Cedar with Silas was nestly.

"That man, Collett,"Stanford grumbled, "talked as though the

Moen Copie road had been used since Methuselah! You'd never think

it had just been discovered—and by

our very own scouts!"

"Part of Collett's talk,"Kumen reminded Stanford, "ties in with Captain Smith's report. I was on that

expedition, and I know what we encountered. This new way seems to

beproblem—roadthe solution tobuilding."at least part of our

Stanford mumbled a dissent, but

Kumen went on, "I agree, Stanford, that there is a lot no one knows anything about, but since we have to go, we may as well gamble on the chance to make it easier for ourselves."

"I've had a strong feeling against the change in route, right from the start, Kumen. I don't want to put

myself in the position of a doubting

Thomas, but I honestly think we are making a mistake. Collett doesn't

seem to know what he is talking about.""He was pretty vague, I'll admit,"

Kumen agreed.

"I've seen the Colorado River gorge, Kumen,"Stanford went on earnestly. "And I've talked with

Seth Tanner about it. He says he

{Continued on page 250)

WDnelies7Di leti in p> EDITORIAL NOTE PRAYER TJor nearly fifty years The Improvemerit Era in more than fortyfive thousand pages, and its predecessor,

publication thousand and four of Dm The Contributor in its sixteen years y (Llder jrirancid oLtman the restored pages, have proclaimed gospel. Because many of the articles

From an address delivered in M.I.A. printed have lasting significance, the

of editors generation believe a new 5, Conference, June the reprinting 1892, and readers will appreciate published in Contrib- "The this of a selected throughout few

Utor"the following July centennial year of the Church and the semicentennial of the Era.

Family prayers should be attended

UR Savior, in his Sermon on to in every household, and in these dom, we should offer up a prayer to the Mount, said: prayers, as in all others, we should the Lord, and ask his blessings uponO remember the injunction of the us in our labor, and in our counsel. And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be

as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray Savior, that we should not do as the It would not be suitable, of course,

standing in the synagogues and in the corheathen do, indulge in vain repetifor us to offer up a business prayer ners of the streets, that they may be seen tion, or feel that we are to be heard in the opening of a conference, or in of men. Verily I say unto you, They have because of our much speaking. the opening of a ward or a priesttheir reward. Prayers should be offered under hood meeting. A prayer should be But thou, when thou prayest, enter into

thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy the direction and inspiration of the suited to the occasion, just as we door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; Almighty. Every elder in Israel, suit an ordination to the circumand thy Father which seeth in secret shall should learn to subject himself to the stances.

reward thee openly. Spirit of the Lord, in all his prayers,

But when ye pray, use not vain repetiand in all the ordinances of the gos- "\\7e learn something of the protions, as the do: for heathen they think pel. prieties in regard to these things

shall that their for they be heard much speaking. by the examples that have been set.

Be not ye therefore like unto them: for When John the Baptist ordained the

your Father knoweth what things ye have Prayers should be offered under Prophet Joseph and Oliver to the need of, before ye ask him. the direction and inspiration of the Aaronic Priesthood, he used these

After this manner therefore pray ye: Almighty. words: "Upon you my fellow servOur Father who art in heaven, Hallowed ants, in the name of Messiah I conbe thy name. fer the Priesthood of Aaron."These

come. kingdom Thy ordination. Thy will be done A prayer should be suited to the were the words of the in earth, as it is in heaven.

Give us this day our daily bread. occasion. True, he said a few words of instrucAnd forgive us our debts, as we forgive tion, and informed them in regard to

our debtors. the nature of the priesthood and how

And lead us not into temptation, but deAvoid vain repetitions, particularlong it should remain upon the earth;

said these he words, those when liver evil: is us thine the kingfrom For ly the repetition of the name of but

... the glory, the power, ordained. dom, and and were men for Deity.

ever. Amen. (Matthew 6:5-13.) In confirming after baptism, it is

only necessary that the candidates

Latterday Saints, I presume, have be confirmed members of the Church learned to feel and appreciate the Let your prayers be unto the Lord. of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

importance of prayer, equally to any and that the brother officiating conother people. But like the Saints in fer upon them the Holy Ghost, in the

the days of the Savior, we sometimes It is not necessary to offer very name of; Jesus Christ. Amen. These

need some suggestions to aid us in long and tedious prayers. are the words that are necessary, and

our family prayers, in our prayers when this is done, a man is confor opening and closing meetings firmed....

of various kinds, our prayers in the The morning prayer should be We have fallen into the habit of blessing of the sacrament, and our suited to the circumstances and conoffering very long, tedious prayers, prayers in ordaining and confirming. ditions of the family, whatever they on the heads of persons who are

There are a great variety of prayers are. The circumstances of the famibaptized and are being confirmed

that the elders of Israel are expected ly differ from morning to morning members of the Church of Jesus to offer up day after day. In a revelaand from evening to evening, almost Christ of Latterday Saints. This

tion given to Brother Joseph, the as much as our meetings vary. And should not be done. We ought to

Lord announced that those who did it is quite suitable that when we confirm them and then stop and leave not attend to their prayers in due meet together, for the transaction of the patriarchal blessing to the season, should be had in remembusiness in the interests of the Saints patriarch.

brance before the common judge. of God. and the interests of the king- ( Concluded on page 245

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

T aPree Christensen of Marysville, *"* Idaho, recently annual in won the CELLOPHANE

Oratorical at Contest Heber J. GrantUUmJW University. Brigham Young The

By LAPREE CHRISTENSEN contest is sponsored by Lucy Grant

President Grant's Cannon, daughter.

oration This winning challenge is aHaveeveranybeenofsentyouto youngpurchasemena personal article for a young to youth for clean and better living.

lady? If you have, you will understand how a certain sailor on leave likely to sweep us off our feet within a large city felt when he received out some encouragement. And re-

a letter from his sister requesting him member, girls, regardless of what a husband but also a standard of livto buy some items for her. It wasn't man may say to you, he will never in ing. The whole scale of her existence

until his leave was nearly over that his heart respect you if you have for the rest of her life will depend he mustered the courage to set forth made yourselves cheap. on what caliber of man she is able to

is girl marry. So the determined who his on pilgrimage. unusual for too. That goes young you men

in in life, to succeed marriage, and the store, he approached he As It just never sense a makes when will idle do something than more be that thenoticed were show windows fling says, "Yes, boy a little I had displays of lingerie. filled with the side, but it doesn't Reon spoil my onsionthemagazines;front porchandreadingshe willconfeshaveluctantly he entered and slowly affection ridiculous! for you."That's

the lingerie countermade his way to is If his affection great, so why does somethingjust to "get morea man."on her mind than handling people stoodwhere it to spoil for the girl? the he want

girl a and are honestly boy who Adifferent items picking them and this All selfdiscipline, takes and sincerely to determined and succeedover. clerk up, smiled, looked and A is selfdiscipline divithe hard; but in first will marriage, right think the ifasked him. help she might He It are while. decidedly dends worth kind will of thoughts. use They again, sighed, the countereyed strong! us those are makes And who in the judgment friends choosing ofblushed, then paused moment, a better strong have always chance a associates. will and never trade Theyasked, "Don't have any you wrapped finding of happiness hanging and on ( old friend for an a never new. One in bet, cellophane?"do!""You we it, to the selfindulgent than and do friends.) will has too many Theyshe for him. answered, got them and is slumping weak. always Moral observing; the learning be exfrom just be wondering what may You is easy, bracing moral and always periences others. will of be They is. is It this thisthe point of story folhard. Consistently to choosing first honest, themselves. with Honsailor didn't that theseJust as want the least resistance "path of low all. there, after esty begins will Theythings that picked over been had by rivers makes crooked."and men to try of kind the themselves make all see, to for displayedeveryone and

There is a vast difference between of person they would choose as aneither does a boy want a girl for his girl who has been handled by everythe exploitation of another, which is friend if they were limited to but one one and displayed to the world. He wrong, unhealthful, and selfish companion.

and a deep sincerity of feeling, which They will learn the facts of lifewants his girl "wrapped in cellophane."is most surely right, if guided and and be prepared to meet them unYes, a man admires a real woman, controlled by reason. It is this honafraid. Girls should learn well the

affection est for another which more art of homemaking; young men, that girls true boys, admire man-—and thing than gives beauone any other of earning a livelihood.liness. bit have every as And they

much right to demand cleanliness in ty and meaning to living. It is someBut most of all, you young people,

all out, thing for souls cry which but allthe straight! as of the does you, boy boy they marry always—think It is really a prize which know, few

girl in chastity strong! thein demanding he Be and Remember your God

the realm of the selfish. beyondmarries! his the commandments. Remember

hopes and prayers of your parents.

'T'his is a delicate subject, I know; JIany an otherwise superior young Don't let them down! Remember the

one that is generally carefully man, feeling conscious of his teachings of your Church. Rememskirted, but one I'm sure that we superiority, believing that all he has ber your standards and the standhave all thought about a great deal. to do is offer himself to the finest ards of society. Keep those standEveryone's life, I believe, is his girl of his acquaintance, believes that ards high! And remember, it is you

own to live as he sees fit. But the she will jump at the opportunity to and I who are going to be held reweighing of values is always worth acquire such a good husband. He sponsible for this world of tomorrow.

while. It is so much better to warn soon learns that superior girls do not And we cannot build a strong, secure

ourselves, "I shouldn't do that,"than respond in this way. In the first future on a foundation of shambles

to be obliged to say later on, "I wish place, she knows her own value and with broken, crumbling materials and

I hadn't done that!"does not propose to cheapen herself wornout tools. So keep your tools

It never quite makes sense to me by giving herself away too easily; in bright and shiny, your material

when girls excuse something they the second place, she demands more whole, your foundation firm. And

have done by saying, "I was swept in a mate; and in the third place, in the words of our Lord:

off my feet."Usually, by one femicompetition for such a girl is keener.... let virtue garnish thy thoughts unnine device or another we ask for When a man marries, he chooses ceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax

just about what we get. Boys aren't a wife; a girl must select not only a strong in the presence of God;... (D. & C.

APRIL 1947 215

J4pJ 6, 1853: A MIDATLANTIC

CELEBRATION rounds of musketry hailed By WILLIAM MULDER ing down the hapless passengers,SixApril 6, 1853, as "an auspismashing pots and pans, and scattercious day"aboard the good ing personal gear about, beyond ship International as, with sails hope of recovery. In storm there

trimmed to make the most of fair had been fasting and supplication;

weather, she slogged through Atin calm weather, praise and thankslantic seas toward New Orleans at giving—and opportunity to sew or

a satisfying ten knots. She was knit or practise musical instruments

fortyfive days out from Liverpool, or pick oakum, simply to while away where, at Stanley Dock, she had the time.

taken on an unusual passenger load But all the storm had been of the 419 Latterday Saints from England, sea: the company itself had been reIreland, Scotland, and Wales bound markably welldispositioned. Ward

for Zion. They had come aboard presidents could usually report that

with their boxes and bedding, stood "all were in good standing, no sickinspection by the government agents, ness, quarreling, nor complaints of made lastminute purchases, and by any kind."Occasionally someone

the time the vessel was towed into had been baptized "for his health."

the River Mersey and cast anchor Once there had been "much ado for a fair wind, they had already about cooking,"but the galley discalled a meeting of the priesthood pute had been amicably settled, and "to counsel for the best means to be Clerk Sims could record, "Quietness employed for the comfort of the after dinner."

Saints."They had organized themselves '"To Captain David Brown (of Masinto a little community. Under the sachusetts, and "tarnation 'cute,

general presidency of Elders Arthur, sir") there had never been such a

Lyon, and Waddington, their company. He had crossed the sea

eightyeight berths had been divided many times but had never felt so into six wards with presidents aptended by captain and crew, where happy with any people as he had pointed over them according to ward presidents made their report; with the Latterday Saints. The

seniority to look after cleanliness and where, amid testimonybearing, Saints in turn had found the good concerns conduct, the foremostand in skipper in comfortable man,""a tongues there and was much speaking of body Even before and spirit. of diary the the often, the voyage 1 noted prophesying. it was Just as the and

ship stood out to sea, life in the emiexhortation took a practical turn: the that "he felt he should be one of us

grant community had gone full cirlamps would have to be put farther before he reached New Orleans, as cle: three babies had been born and from the berths to prevent fire; dogs he was convinced that the work we

two of the company had died; and, would have to be tied up at night; were engaged in was from God."

before they found their sea legs, not during storm, women and children Calle Westerlind, the ship's Swed- a few had been badly bruised when were not to leave their bunks. ish carpenter, had already been bapthe uncertain lurching of the vessel "Four hundred Saints,"sang tized, as had the captain's cook and

spilled them down hatchways or sent Henry Maiben on this April 6th, to several sailors. In his verse comthem stumbling into the cumbersome the tune of "Yankee Doodle": posed for the April 6th festival,

deck gear that seemed to be everyHenry Maiben cited:

where underfoot. Two brethren... four hundred Saints

carrying a barrel of brine up the Assembled here together;... twentyfive baptisms.

hatchway had come to near disaster ResolvedWhate'er tothedowindthe willand ofweather.God, LikewiseBut no such(today)thing asfourschisms.marriages,

when at the top of the ladder both fell, as well as barrel and ladder, to That resolve had not gone untried, It seemed natural for captain and the steerage landing; but, "marvelfor there had been bad days and crew to join with the Saints in their

ous to relate, although the place was nights when heavy squalls had celebration.

crowded with people, none were turned the vessel nearly on her The musket salute "at half past hurt."beam ends, and the company had nine"was only the beginning of a

been closed under hatches to ride XA copy of the "Diary of a Voyage from Liverpool

HThe company had held daily meetout the gale and to battle with lugmayto Newbe foundOrleansin theon scrapbookBoard theof ShipJohn International"Lyon, now in ings (three on Sundays) for gage broken loose and rolling about grandson.possession of T. Edgar Lyon of Salt Lake City, a

prayer and fellowship, often atin the center of the steerage, knock- (Concluded on page 254) 216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COURAGE /.ENDURE

A TRUE STORY OF sobersorrylookingand said,spectacle.""George, youThenarehea

"I raised his added, hand and that clothing PIONEER DAYS prophesy you will buy here on the streets of Salt Lake City cheaper than you could in New York City."Some time later George

actually did.

iSu A. rf. lA/adhbum "Mot long after the arrival in the

valley, President Young sent that young man with nine others to go back along the trail and help the

HE LANKY, WAS LEAN AND TOUGH FROM AND company of Charles C. Rich, then WIND

WEATHER, AND HUNGRY. making slow progress across the

plains. These ten men started out

with nine pounds of flour and four pounds of cornmeal each. They

drove wagons and teams with which to transport part of the belongings of the emigrants when at last they should come upon them.

Tn the group that entered Salt Lake They had not been long upon the valley that day of July 24th was backward trail before their food supthe twentyfourth day of a young man, just twenty years old. ply became exhausted. The springs

July in the year 1847 a little He was lean and lanky, tough from had dried, and for days they hadON company of stalwart men wind and weather, and hungry. neither food nor water. Still they

and women drew wearily through It shouldn't take long to describe moved on, at a snail's pace. Stopthe mountain gap and into the his clothes because he hadn't many. ping was worse than continuing the

scorched valley of the great salt sea. There is no record of any covering helpless struggle. They were sus-

A vivid imagination perhaps can for his head though he must have had tained by such faith and courage as picture the scene upon which they something. On his feet he wore empire builders have always had.

entered: the glare of the western ragged and badlyscuffed moccaOnly that could keep them going.

sun upon the sand and alkali, the sins. His shirt was made of a piece

depressing uniform grayness, even of bedticking. I'm sure he wore the /"ne day George said, "I am the

of the living things, of which sage first stripes in Salt Lake, although strongest in the company. I will

was the most plentiful, the heat he was never inside a jail in his life. go out to see if I can find something

waves that worried the eye, perhaps It was his trousers that deserve noto eat. The rest of you keep going,

an occasional hawk cruising overtice. They were such pants as you and in two days I will meet you at

head! have never worn, probably never the Platte River. When I get there,

It required more than courage to even seen. They were made of buck- I will have something for you to

face that prospect with a view to skin. Every time he forded one of eat."

making a home there. The one thing the numerous rivers along the way, He shouldered his rifle and set out

—vision!more it required,They couldthoseseepioneersmore thanhad hiswhenpantshe pulledlengthenedhis oxout.teamsHowever,into the acrosswas indescribable.the hills and plains.Think ofHisthethirsttorwas revealed to the physical eye on valley, the last river was far behind. ture that must have been his, the

that desolate day. They probably The sun and heat had had "a go"drying and shriveling of the tissues,

could see what we can see today: a at those trousers, and they had the aching and agony of the stomach,

commonwealth of beauty, prosperity, shrunk, literally crawled up his legs. the constriction and pain of the

and peace, a civilization of which the Well, there he was, a pioneer throat, the dizziness and reeling. All

entire country can well be proud. and something more! As he stood this he experienced to an unbelievFrom this little story about one of there, Heber C. Kimball turned sudable degree, but he kept moving, just

those pioneers, you will learn why denly to him and could not hold moving.

they faced the future, apparently so back the laugh that came to his Suddenly he came upon a pool of bleak, with such determination. throat. A moment later he became (Concluded on page 240)

APRIL 1947 217 mUHEJDDKRHC THE GREAT SALT LAKE did not really know the country. there. It also recounts the human his-

(Dale L. Morgan. The BobbsMerrill Brodie's No Man Knows My History tory of the valley, its invasion by white

Company, Indianapolis. 377 is not "brilliant,"for it is based on an people, and the consequent tragedies

pages. 1947. $3.50.) unproven hypothesis, and Whipple's efand comedies. Death Valley Scotty,

*\X7hether the Great Salt Lake is fusions no one takes very seriously. But his castle and his Munchausen tales are

viewed as a unique natural phein such matters every man has the right given proper dissection. The quiet, rich

which pervades the twentyonenomenon or the center of an equally to his own opinions.—/. A. W. humor

it is interesting story,unique human and PAHUTE INDIAN LEGENDS ousshortstorieschapters,told, especiallymakes it entertaining.the indigenromantic. In this the book, usual chem-

{William R. Palmer. Deseret Book For the prospective traveler there is anical, physical, and geologic facts conCompany, Salt Lake City. excellent appendix suggesting trips incerning the lake, are correctly present134 pages. $1.75.) and around the valley, with many helped, but so skilfully interwoven with the

Tt has long been hoped that some of ful hints to the traveler.—-/. A. W.story of people as to make the facts

savory and the lake a living entity, the author's intimate, personal Indian in lore OF form. SONGS appear COURAGE book These would to a or history.even in science tyro

Orgill. Kimball (Helen Book Hobson beginning. are legends a worthy The the deals bulk of withThe book human Press, 1946. York. stories New twentysix genuine Indian hereexperiences, collected with care from pages. 43 $1.25.) ilEnglish, beautifully told in modern islandsall available sources, of the on

of her Orgill autographed many lustrated, contribution valuable are to "RTrs. a inthe lake, surrounding counthe and

try. Indeed, as the story is pursued, it our knowledge of the mind of the North books: "Courage, the need of the

becomes a most excellent history of American Indian. Besides, the stories hour,"and her poems in this book inpre-pioneer days in the West. As a are good, captivating reading, to be dicate the way soldiers attained real

picture of personalities among explorers enjoyed by young and old. Even the courage, and how we too may learn

and trappers before white man began casehardened reader will be tempted from these valiant men and women the to settle in the Great Basin, the book to discover why rocks cannot talk or way of courage. Foremost of the qualiis quite worth while. Nearly onehalf how the beaver lost his tail or why the ties that impart true courage are humilof the book is devoted to life in the North Star stands still, or how the ity as evidenced in prayer, the spirit of

region of the lake after the "Mormon"pack rat got his patches. There are an sacrifice, integrity, and adherence to

Pioneers entered the valley of the Great interesting introduction and a useful truth.

The of Indian A. W. recital, in asSalt In this that of glossary Lake. names.—/.

of a capable poemswriter.—M.are genuineC. expressions/. earlier period,che incidents, of wealth a PETROTHE GUATEMALAN

in this forgottenmost of them age, is GLYPHS, NEPHITE THE PICTURE OF SONGS BOOK STORY MY pitiful,revived, romantic, and humorOR FROM CAME WHENCE Ashton, Dalton, Erla (Alene Muriel ous, but always told in an informative THE AZTECS Young. M. A. Donohue & Co., New

and interesting manner. These later (James W. LeSueur. Mesa, Arizona. York. 1947. 60 pages. $2.50.)

chapters form a very respectable his1946. $1.25.) /Children have a natural sense of

tory of the state of Utah and of the iTthis booklet relates Indian legends music and rhythm and will find a

Church in Utah. The author has wisely and traditions, well authenticated, great deal of pleasure in singing and

contented himself with the presentation that appear to confirm the Book of Moracting these little songs which have of facts, leaving the reader to draw his mon story; and undertakes to show that been beautifully published in color with

own conclusions as to motives and the famous Boturini Codex of the many full page illustrations. Seasonal

forces in operation. However, at the Peregrinacion de las Aztecas is really songs will find a quick response from

end of the book, there is an attempt to an account of the travels of Father Lehi both parents and children as well as evaluate presentday Utah conditions, and his descendants as recorded in the teachers. Activity, animal, and health

which shows an incomplete understandBook of Mormon. It is really a missionsongs are also fitted into the seasonal

ing of the spiritual "cement"which ary booklet. The stories and the interpattern so that they appeal. The inholds the Latterday Saints together as pretation of the codex will interest all dex is also unusually executed. M.C.J.

firmly now as in the past. Book of Mormon students; though,

The book as a whole is an excellent necessarily, the latter must for the HARPS IN THE WIND contribution to the literature of the present be held as the author's private (Carol Brink. Macmillan Co., New

West, and the only one that tells the opinion. In this, as in his earlier book, York. 1947. 312 pages. $3.50.)

story of the Great Salt Lake within a Brother LeSueur has collected much HPhis biography of the "singing Hutchis of insons"framework enough to renew everywomen men and all strivfaith-promoting A. W. material.—/.

faith in of happiness.ing for their one's brand humankind. These own

It is so written as to be fascinating DEATH VALLEY AND youngest members of a large family reading. That the author knows the ITS COUNTRY felt that they could make nothing exlake and the region surrounding it, is (George Palmer Putnam. Duell, Sloan cept music their career. In spite of all

felt in every chapter. One cannot help and Pearce, New York. 231 pages.) manner of difficulties, not the least of

wonder why this book was not written 1 Thether from the East or the West, which was that of insufficient funds, many years ago. lovers of nature's wonders should they persisted and did a great deal for

The bibliography supplied is good, read this delightful book about the the cause of music in New England.

though the valuation of some items can- "most fabulous"of the desert places of Probably the most important feature not be accepted. Werner's biography America. The valley with its long of the book is the family loyalty, which

of Brigham Young is an insult to the geologic history is correctly described, cements the group of old and young

Pioneer leader. Stegner's Mormon its native plants and animals, and the into a unit, and makes a wholesome,

Country is not "superb,"for the author Indians who have learned to subsist stimulating biography.-—M. C. /.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ipniri TO THE PIONEERS OF A DESERTED SEQUOIAS LITTLE WONDERS

VALLEY By Nina Willis Walter By Alice Josephine Wyatt

By Andrew M. Andersen Tn uniforms of rust and green arrayed, long to understand the murmurings of

I straight as stand as soldiers earth on paYou r seeking"\7"ou were permanence

Sifted fragrant leaves in rade, through melodious * perennials plant could you Where breath. serene throughout Proudly unnumbered

distant descendants.For

I their the years, planets mysteries search of and listened believed and youSo clouds, birth. into the to fears. Pushing immune

this valley tortured heatWhen I of searing scars cover to see Protectively vale misty the yearn beyond you fertility. for water, promisedCrying

for death. heal wounds, reaching while your And

the stars. built canals,You scooped bound by a law that makes me am your houses, Dwarfed by your mighty pillars, here I But I orchards. planted fields andAnd earn way my stand,

through the shadows to a greatLilliputian lost in giant land. My passageBut drought, the inexorable enemy, A er place;

Stalked your waters, And I am keyed to little births like dawn of

And bandit winds filled your ditches REMEMBERING THE SEED day,

With waves of sand. By Kathrya Kendall And I am held by little wonders like a

Now your valley is desolate, "Demembering the seeds the wind had pansy's face.

An encampment of solitude. *"sown APRIL LOVES THE SUN laughter from hand, overgenerous an

stonesHalfburied thrusts lie orderly, WithSpring aside old tattered leaves and Grace Sayre ByTracing memories phantom calls

Of friendly hearths and wellbeloved homes. New life to contoured hills of loam and Let April stir the long wet leaves

sand. And song invade the heart.

Rest peacefully, heroic pioneers! Where is the whippoor-will that grieves

descendantsYour in distant flowering valleys, TO A PIONEER HOME With featherthroated art?Planting

Reap abundantly. By Naomi Stevens Smith Let spring ride in on wings of blue

And spread her golden plumes MODERN BRIDES *-'J ittxeI havelognotcabinpassedwiththissaggingway before,door, AndLay carpetswild crabappleof soft meadowrueblooms.

By Bessie Saunders Spencer AndUndauntedyet youbybidthemeworldstay. at hand, This is the hour, the day, the time

T)riscilla has an attic Beside this country road you stand, TodayWhen Aprilis for lovesa birdsweetthe sun.rhyme,

* And automatic grill; A bit of yesterday For spring has just begun

Rebecca has a trailer To tell of other hearts that beat To glow with petalled loveliness

With chintzes for a frill. Beneath these desert skies, And shed her flowers of happiness.

.. desert looked waste a upon And

has Amelia a hallway through teardimmed eyes; hope With

for curtains a door MOTHER With MY tell of other that hands claimed To exit the by And enters Alta L. reluctant This sod once By

two To Leafty rooms—twelveby-four. it theirs indeed, through sweat And made

is little mother a lady with TlY turnedup a toil faith in and God. And Louella basement has a -"* nose,

cretonne camouflage; With the gratitude of thrifty You've glint warmth a known her as within eyes And up

silo; Cornelia has a walls, sheltering the For street humble goes; she

garage. Rose, a new And happiness unity trots and She from every shop to market on A they are too happy But much halls. in found palace day, bargain Not

sit around and pout—To lips sing that while at can even peers know price You every to see she And what try to these remnants They make cries for bread, body The pay. must about. they dreamed homes The toil all That hands and in backs can all can bend the latest She looks at the windows,

With all but courage dead. styles;

the stair labors hurries She up steps and HEAVEN? BUNDLE FROM Little log with pane, cabin broken aisles, the down

again. pass this not I may way Piatt Smith through Elbowing the milling By Jean crowd

But when beset by fears, happy as a king; as

faith and and hopeTLTey, courage wane, She spends why didn't somebody tell me these When the day a-shopping and comes in the I'll see a cabin lane without a thing. home * things?*

I thought little babies wore halos and wings; That sheltered pioneers.

fright. terrible acquired is a one we'veThe the '/ '\ \ V:'Wi"'DEAL BEFORE PURCHASE cries in in the he day, andHe sleeps

night; By Lucretia Penny

he's thrown our routine in a horribleAnd doubt, T have some plight.

* house, Small No more late arising, for six is the hour That you'll keep out mouse, The gnawing his to so sour and wake, mood isHe chooses all spiders Or treat bottle his stop can only him makeThat howling. As outsiders.

He will not conform to our plans. He is foulYour floors tilt;

ing corners vary; Your

satisfactory hitherto mostA doors cupboard Your to only one thing, I want know contrary. life. my good Are

wife And why won't somebody please tell me If this, and more, things: these fleetly forgive—and

whereJust is his halo, and where are his WillI you ignore wings? Photograph by Don H, Smith My flaws completely?

APRIL 1947 219 s. IKE SPOKEN WORD

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt * * Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio

By RICHARD L EVANS network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

Jkln Jkinh LJn Afndvuenna \cJne5tlon5

'"The phrase "defense in depth"has often been used Derhaps all of us have been embarrassed when we as descriptive of a broad and flexible system of have been asked questions we could not answer.

multiple strength, as contrasted with a thin and rigid But we need not be, necessarily, because anyone can line of fortification. There is another source of multiple ask questions that no one can answer. And very often

strength that is a safeguard to any nation or people the best answer is the frank admission that we don't that has it, and that is "thinking in depth."Few if any know. Surely there are many times when it would be

great discoveries and. few if any great developments better to say this than it would be to fumble in consolely the efforts throughcome one of any man—even

history accreditsthough to sometimes them one man. fusion. If we admit we don't know, our frankness may

And in the urgency of war, many minds moving toward increase the confidence of others in us, but if we preit doesn't take long fora common purpose accomplished what would seem to tend we do when we don't, have been the scientifically impossible. Neither one others to discover it, and their confidence drops acmind, nor a few minds, nor many regimented minds cordingly. This isn't true only with adults; it is true

could have done so much. Whenever and wherever also with children. Children discern often, without

one person or a relatively small group of people attempt knowing why, when an adult is speaking beyond his to do the thinking for all others, or attempt to tell knowledge. And on this basis they sometimes lose

everyone else what to do, the creative and productive confidence in their advisers and teachers; for, having

processes are retarded. And this can only go on so found them unreliable in some ways, they may hesitate

long until peoples and nations become impoverished to heed them in others ways. Of course, there are many

impoverished as to leadership as well as to material things we don't know. It is obviously so because much

things; for even as the physical efforts of many men is continually being revealed, because men are conaccomplish the efforts physical much more than of any tinually making discoveries. And if we knew everyefforts of the mentalone man, so exercised many men,

in freedom and toward constructive purposes, accomthing in the present, the zest for the future, the beckonplish more than the mental efforts of any one man, or ing urge of immortality and eternal progress would any small group of men. History fails to record that lose much that makes them now eagerly anticipated.

any nation has ever shown good prospects of providing We may be helpful in stating what we do know, in abundance and happiness for all who were willing to teaching the moral verities, in restating the timetested work, when only a few were doing the thinking, or truths, in speaking from our experience, in speculating when only a few were making the decisions. There as to possibilities, in reasoning from the known to the

is no monopoly on brains, and the more we can be unknown, and in voicing our convictions, but beyond induced to think for ourselves, and the more freedom what the Lord God has revealed and beyond what we have for the constructive use of our thoughts, the man has for certain discovered, we would scarcely be safer things for the is the that world are worth prejustified in making dogmatic declarations, when what serving, richer the stronger will happier and and and we really are doing is proffering opinions. Surely thebe our lives in the glorious land we live in, and the

better able shall we be to cope with any undermining courage to say, "I do not know,"and the good sense influence from within or without. Indeed, without to say it, would clear the atmosphere many times and

broad strength on the mental and moral and spiritual in many places where otherwise misused misinformation levels, physical defenses have always ultimately proved might waste much time and destroy much confidence.

to be inadequate.

—February 23, 1947.—February 16, 1947.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TRIPLE SQURREHUM

J)ome Mazards of IKatLonalLzatLon -Jkou J>kalt and

TRUTH and facts can be very stubborn and inconvenJkoiA Shalt Vlot ient at times. And with all of us, there are perhaps

some things we wish were true and some things we {"}ften quoted, and ascribed to various sources, is wish were not true. And so, by a process of rationalthis doubtful declaration: "I don't care what you

ization, socalled, we often talk ourselves into or out say about me so long as you mention my name."This

of many things, admitting all the evidence that would statement, however we may disagree with it, gives take us where we want to go, and excluding all the recognition to the basic fact that we are attracted to evidence that would not. In other words, we sometimes the things we know. A name heard often enough, even

first decide what we would like the answers to be, and though unfavorably, attracts attention, whereas an then work back to make them seem to be what we unknown name may not. What we know nothing

would like. This type of reasoning has many forms about has no part in our thinking. But if we know a

and many purposes, sometimes superficial and somelittle about something, we may want to know a little times serious. Sometimes we merely let it serve as a more, and if we know much about it, we may want to

salve to our conscience for some small indulgence of know all about it. This is all by way of introduction to a

our own comfort or convenience. But sometimes it is plea for positive teaching. It has long been understood

used to gloss over things more grave than this. For that the teachings of Jesus the Christ offer a positive

example, a man who takes money that doesn't belong approach to the problems of life. But even in the Ten

that himself explain to heto always can almost him think to come which may have Commandments, we to it, that entitled than he worth he more waswas is nots,"there shalt series of "thou as solely a upon getting, that those than he needed from it worsewas whom he took it, and so on; by which means he may much that is positive. First of all there is the reminder,

rationalize himself into thinking that dishonesty is "I am the Lord thy God."Also, "Six days shalt thou

not dishonesty in his particular case, but merely a labour.""Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy."

means of acquiring what ought to be his anyway. Need- "Honour thy father and thy mother."The things the

less to say, such thinking is but the prelude to tragedy. Ten Commandments tell us not to do are as binding

By similar means we can justify, to ourselves at least, and forbidden today as they were when they were every defect of character or conduct and every bad graven upon stone by the finger of God. But any man

habit, sometimes merely by pointing to others who who is first mindful of the Lord God, who lives in a have worse ones. Also, it has not been uncommon manner such as to bring honor to his father and mother,

for men to rationalize as to life and all its obligations, who is diligent in honest labor, and who keeps the according to their convenience, and even to rationalize Lord's day holy, isn't likely to need too much reminder

God out of being. Thus on almost any issue, in every of negative admonitions. Overemphasis on forbidden

neglect of duty, every commission of error, everything things may tend to make them attractive. Too intent

we do that we shouldn't, everything we don't do that a contemplation of the terrors of hell may obscure we should, and everything we choose to believe or not some of the desirability of heaven. Too much dwelling

to believe, we may mislead ourselves by a form of false upon what we shouldn't do may retard some of the rationalizing. But this kind of reasoning neither things we should do. Of course, we must teach what

changes the facts nor alters the ultimate consequences. not to do, and in unmistakable terms, but we have an

And so perhaps an antidote to the hazards of rationalobligation not only to tell our young people what not ization could well be suggested: Don't jump at plausito do, but also to teach them what they should do

ble and prejudiced conclusions and try to justify them; not only to see that they don't do the wrong things,

rather jump at the truth, and stay with it wherever it but also to hold constantly before them an unforgettable goes. example of the right things.

—February 9, 1947. Copyright, 1947.—February 2, 1947.

APRIL 1947 221 llGHyREHMDVESlI "Church of the Air"Riverview Ward, Pioneer Stake, has Lake City; Delbert Loris Ray, Coolidge,

Tlder Albert E. Bowen of the Counbeen organized from part of the Salt Arizona; John Edward Runyan, Denver,

cil of the Twelve will be the speakLake City Twentyfifth and. TwentyColorado.

er at Easter services on Columbia's sixth wards with D. Arthur Haycock as New England: Mary Anderson, Manti,

MilBusselberg, Friederich Utah; William 6, bishop. April Air,"Sunday, of the"Church

waukee, Arthur Wisconsin; Cox, RichLee

is alsowhich conference Sunday. The Salt Willie Kitchens Tanner, field, Utah;

broadcast, which originates with KSL Nottingham Chapel Lake City.

at will heard 8 a.m. be on CBS MST, Salt Astin, California: David Northern large has obtained a Church

stations at 9.00 10:00 and,rpHE EST, CST, City; Barton, Myrtle Utah; Lake A. Ogden, at Road, 28 Loughborough home the in Listeners area7:00 PST. KSL Stewart Barton, Utah; Sherman Ogden, will England, be Nottingham, which evehear rebroadcast a Sundaymay Kaysville, Esther Utah; Ruth Bowman, headquaras branch a chapel and used p.m., atning 9:00 Carlquist, P. Edith Utah; Draper, MST. Reuben

ters. The Church now owns eighteen Davis, Salt Lake City; Thelma Edward,

Pacific Mission of its branch buildings in the British Salt Lake City; Phil J. Heilesen, Glenwood,

Clder Matthew Cowley of the Mission. Utah; Wanda Mabel Jensen, Fairview,

Council of the Twelve and presiWyoming;Bernardino, RusselCalifornia.Joseph Standing, San

dent of the Pacific Mission of the B.Y.U. Expansion Program

Church, left Salt Lake City late in FebPresident Howard S. McDonald of ton,NorthernIdaho; States:Glen GibbVennaFisher,Dunkley,Hillspring,Presruary for a tour of the Hawaiian and Brigham Young University, Provo, Alberta, Canada; Lawrence Greene, Salt

the Central Pacific missions. He plans has announced plans, approved by the Lake City; Gudrun Christine J. Hisgen,

to return to Salt Lake City in time to First Presidency, for the construction Montebello, California; Catherine Mae

attend April conference. After the conof two new buildings on the "Y"camHopkins, Richmond, California; Agnes

ference he will return to his field, visitpus: A new science building which Mitchell Laney, North Salt Lake, Utah;

ing Australia, New Zealand, Samoa, will cost a million dollars, and an athGeorge Culbert Laney, Woods Cross,

Tonga, and Tahiti. letic and physical education field house Utah; Charles Merlin Plumb (deceased),

As he tours the missions under his which will cost $500,000. Both buildTucson, Arizona; August W. Reymann,

jurisdiction, he will study the effects ings, sorely needed on the campus, will Salt Lake City; Louise Margarethe C. H.

Salt Reymann, Lake City; Max Bruno life scholarcountries the to collegeof and upon these war years much as add

Rothe, Lehi, Utah.

field that ship. the relate house and It is plannedthey members to Church

missionary activity. He will investigate will seat ten thousand people, and will Northwestern States: Mary Catherine

Utah; Murray, Bowen, Kohlhepp Marie greater for concerts, possibilities of use of and pageants, as usedthe the be

Salt Nash, Nash, Lake City; Wilbur Roy

events. of the as athletic well the peoples byHawaiian Temple City. Salt Lake

of exthe promotionPacific through

Southern Aaron, Wesley States: John

of genealgatheringcursions and the Christian Henry Missionaries Released Evanston, Wyoming;

ogies. He will also study the advisabilCalifornia: Aaron Garside, Jr., Riverton, Blunck, Rexburg, Idaho; Asahel Thomas

ity of establishing Church schools in Utah; Annie Myers Garside, Riverton, Gee, Burley, Idaho; Clara Mae Gowers,

some of the Pacific missions to improve Utah; Minerva DuRell D. Patten, Logan, Lynwood, California; Keith Birch Hall, St.

the educational standards of the Church Utah; William Neuman Patten, Logan, Anthony, Idaho; Edward Lorenzo Howard,

members. Utah. Sr., Sacramento, California; Martha ElizaCanadian: Alma Betts, Raymond, Albeth H. Howard, Sacramento, California;

M.I.A. General Board berta, Canada; Joseph Conrey Critchfleld, Arva Madsen, Woods Cross, Utah; Helen

Clearfield, Park, B. Marie Utah; Aaron Alberta, Lois Draney, Magrath, Canada; assistant managing L. Green,"T\oyle

Pocatello, Porter, Idaho; Allanna Eva Parker, Draper, Utah; Murray, Utah; Hulda Era, Improvement editor of The Porter, Pocatello, Idaho; Nichols Lewis Murray, Utah. Shirley Westover,

the of appointed a member beenhas Burton Westover, Lewiston, Utah. Burnette, States: Central Marie Melba Men's Mugeneral board of the Young TexasLouisiana: ThompBurley Nunon Butler, Salt Close GarLake City; Heber

tual Improvement Association. Elder land, Utah; George Henry Hobbs, Rupert, son, St. George, Utah.

Green has been assigned to the general Idaho; Barbara Larsen, Salt Lake City; Western States: Jessie Pearl Harless,

Arizona; Phoenix, Marcellus Duke Provost, the for Church on scoutingcommittee (Lydia Ann N. Romney—deceased—wife Ucon, Marie Wilkins, Salt Lake City; Eva of the committeeand the speech president) Y.M. of mission; Thomas Cottam Rom-

M.I.A. ney (mission president), Logan, Utah. Idaho.

East Central States: Reed Weldon AnNew Wards derson, Shelley, Idaho; Rozelda Butler, British: Charles Eton Price, Salt Lake

TLTamer Ward, Rigby Stake, Idaho, Eagar, Arizona; Donald Keith Clark, PocaCity; Esther Swift Thornton, Ogden, Utah;

Thornton, Utah. Ogden, tello, {misWilliam Idaho; Hayes Doxey Graham the created from Hamer been has

Baxter, Stephen California: SanGolden City; Salt president), Leone Lake bishsion as R. Bybee with LloydBranch, PortsNannie dy, Utah; Mosley Lowe, presi- (wife of mission Blanche W. Doxeyop. Irene Ohio; Sanders Rogers. mouth, Myra dent), Salt City; Eugene William Lake

Logan Seventeenth Ward, Cache Holfeltz, Vernal, Utah; Bradley James Mesa, Arizona; Ernest Attmore White, Salt

Stake, Utah, has been organized with Trunnell, Salt Lake City. Lake City; Olive Johnson White, Salt Lake

R. Owen Yeates as bishop. It was Eastern States: Mary Frances DeLa City.

formerly a part of the Logan Third Mare, Salt Lake City; Josephine Janette Canadian: John Almond Butterfield, RivWard. Harvey, Salt Lake City; Zora Marie Nash, erton, Utah; Lydia Fern C. B. Butterfield,

Charleston Ward, Moapa Stake, has Salt Lake City; Cornelius Workman, Lovell, Riverton, Utah; Emily Dora Bywater Jenbeen created from part of the Las Wyoming. sen, Richfield, Utah; LeVaun Matkin, MaVegas, Nevada, First Ward, with Hawaiian: Leah Jane B. Johnson, Salt grath, Alberta, Canada.

Philip Empey as bishop. Lake City; Sanford August Johnson, Salt Central States: Charles Merritt Bolton,

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salt Lake City; Evelyn E. Bolton, Salt Lake nardino, California; Carl Stephen Haynie, Idaho; Mary Eliza Bowers Johnston, Burley,

City; Clara Emma Judd, Grantsville, Utah. Colonia Pacheco, Mexico; Knowlton Hills Idaho; Lyman Kapple, Jr., Prescott, AriEast Central States: Keith Eugene Dye, Martineau, Colonia Pacheco, Mexico; zona; Phebe Estelle T. Kapple, Prescott,

Firth, Idaho. Johanna Marie Tonks, Salt Lake City. Arizona; Giles Edgar Vanderhoof, Sparks

Hawaiian: Emily Adah Y. C. Cannon, NavajoZuni: Martin Ray Young, Sr Nevada.

Salt Lake City; William Tenney Cannon, Mesa, Arizona. Northern California: Merle Christensen,

Salt Lake City; Preston Doyle Young, New England: Arthur Jesse Bott, BrigSalt Lake City; Jesse Smith Decker, Mesa,

Pocatello, Idaho. ham City, Utah. Arizona; Joseph Arthur Fowers, Ogden,

Mexican: Hannah Louise Abegg, Colonia North Central States: Lloyd Morris Utah; Sarah Ellen A. Fowers, Ogden, Utah;

Juarez, Mexico; Oscar Emmanuel Bluth, Jr., Barker, Smithfield, Utah; Amelia Croft, Bernice Rosabelle Randall (deceased), IdaColonia Dublan, Mexico; Alva Fenn, BenSalt Lake City; Arthur Merrill Day, Fairho Falls, Idaho; Maurine Randall, Idaho

son, Arizona; Karl Rogers Fenn, San Berview, Utah; Archie D. Johnston, Burley, Falls, Idaho.

,'..,:: ": -

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Potter, Frank Brown Wall, D. Vaun Quigley, 0. P. Lloyd G. Frey, Willis C. Petersen.

FEBRUARY 3, AND DEPARTING FEBRUARY 13, 1947 Cooper, William Hyde Hepworth, Aage Boeslund, Tenth row: Paul J. Updike, Kendell J. Ray, Ernest

Wayne Mayhew, Boyd Simpson, Edland D. Clark, W. Whetten, Burchell E. Hopkin, Duane S. Williams,

First row, left to right: H. Don Gidley, Norma Doris Fell, Winston Wehrwein, LeGrande D. Hubbard. Carl R. Berg, Lloyd Cullimore, Jr., Kenneth C. Lucas,

Loosle, Arlene Carlson, Margaret Gerber, Helen FredSixth row: Wayne Lewis Allison, Alexis Malan Jesse N. Davis, Dave McLelland, C. D. Milane, Clay

rickson, Don E. Howard, Don B. Colton, director; Tanner, Carl J. Wallin, Jr., Ray B. Jones, Robert K. S. Tanner, Albert K. Thurber.

Keith A. Swensen, C. William Knowles, Betty Stoker, Shaw, David C. Putnam, Robert E. Neilson, Robert Eleventh row: Junior E. Call, Lowell D. Jenkins,

George C. Elton, Thelma Carter, Ellis R. Wilding. H. Smith, J. E. Farrimond, John Latterer, John C. Asa T. White, W. Lynn Fluckiger, Robert D. Thomas,

Second row: Robert E. Chase, Charles N. BroadLawrence, Robert A. Hamilton, Malcom R. Bridge, Alt L. Bostrom, Myron W. Mclntyre, Cecil R. Watson.

bent, Jennie Broadbent, Phyllis Farley; Joyce HarertAlbert S. Wagstaff. Twelfth row: Floyd T. Waterman, E. W. Cummings,

son, Elaine Lund, Melva Hale, Alice Stice, Sheila Seventh row: Norman Floyd Hammer, Robert DenHarvey G. Evans, Erick Wierz, H. Dean Higginson,

Winters, Philip Sorensen, LaRee Stradling, Rulon V. nis Brown, Jacob Peart Burton, Jr., Walter Scott Willis F. Hansen, Winslow E. Weber, Dale C. Moncur,

Shackman, Grace Ruby Meyers, Wayne H. Nye. Mackay, Jr., Reese Holt Chadburn, Roy R. Stevens, William Dale Cozier, Clyde E. May.

B. Johnson, Roberts, Clyde Cook, Vernon B. Thirteenth Ben W. row: Ivan Gardner, Keith Cheney, A. F. Sanderson, Fackrell, row: Third Orlen Robert D.

Blythe Bell, Fisher, Lee James Anderson, Clyde D. Elmer Moyes, Ross At Leo Haws, W. Thomas Wynn, C. Rulon Driggs, Cook, V. Martensen, D. JohnMancel

Wahlstrom. Merlin H. H. Hansen. Vear Workman, JennieDoyle Oakes, O. Howard, Melba Lamb,

Eighth E. L. Olsen, Huish, row: Melvin LaVere Rae Fourteenth row: Jay Swanston, D. Howard Norman Pulsipher, Charles K. H. Lyman, MargaretThomas

J. Griffeth, Iverson, B. Verl F. R. Babbel, Robert Byron A. Jeppsen, Heber Jacob Kapp, Kapp, Orange Burris, Klingler.Simpson, Eunice Doris M.

F. J. Peel, Pool, J, McAllister, P. Arnold Bohrer, Savage, Lon Spencer, Dee LeRoy Donald Calvin N.

J. Snarr, Barger, row: Ronald H. Fourth Thomas F. Laurence F. liar, Bird, Probst, F. Bagley, Gene C. Probst, Hal Hugh Noyes. LaVon Kay

Snarr, Leslie L. H. Raty, King,Lola Melvin Garth J. C. Vernard Hinckley. Fifteenth Cox, row: Thoron 6. Ronald G. HostetPond, Warren

L. Mills, L.Jones, Elizabeth Joseph Wendell Crump, ter, row: B. Marshall G. Ninth Bennett, Fullmer Chap- A. FrederikVern C. Johnson, Muir, K. Leon John

Liddle, Waldron, Calyin Waldron, Ruth Hazel W. W. Falslev, R. T. L. Rulon man, Christoffersen, J. L. sen, Perry, C. Jule Grant Garden George Nutt, Hyrum

Cliff. B.E. Holt, Geneva Sonntag, Barker, H. L. Steenblik, Park, Hall, Andrus, Heaton Joseph Leonard H. H. Thomas Howard

Fifth row: George Kendon Naylor, Robert Francis Marvin Lange, Clyde Stringham, Gordon A. Curtis, B. Bennion, Leo E. Toone.

Maxfield, Little, Blair Harold THE MISSIONARY ENTERINGMISSIONARIES Shreeve, Sherman M. HOME Francis Smith, Cox, J. Harold June Smith W. Robison,

Clements, FEBRUARY 26, Irma 1947 Bowman, DEPARTING S. Young, GaylenFEBRUARY S. Williams, Edwin Williams, 17, AND Beth Henry Merlyn Rildah

Barton. Jones, P. C. Donald Whittaker, Harold M. Shelley.

left to right: Clem, Fifth Glen Sargent, First row, Don Carlisle, row: Charles Walker, Grant G. W. Burton Ninth row: P. Mortensen, R. ParkKenneth

diElnora B. Colton, Loveland,Marion E. Nielson, Don er, Meade Clifford Young, GardRay Glen Lawrence, Ray Enoch Russon, Lloyd M. Wayne

ner,rector; E. Darley, Williams, Billings, Florence Wesley GeorgeE. Stanley RaymondAllen, Beesley, Stanley Felsted, A. Stokes, Blanch, Elden Harold H. 0. Glen A.

Husted, Jean Aldous. R. Sharp, Var Lindsay. Shelton, Jr., Eldon H. Heslop, Robert V. Chryst, KenSecond row: Frederick Barfuss, Emma Elveda WalSixth row: Reed Larsen, George R. Feller, Reid neth P. Bird.

L.ton, Caroline Tucker, Owens, Smith, Seldon William William W.

Jr., Howell, Parry,Harold Wallace Simmons, Moroni Jack H. Hansen, Nora R. MayThornton,Hansen,CliftonElva A.I. Johnson,Bennett, man,TenthDonaldrow: R.RobertHolt,H.KennardChristensen,D. Chappell,Newel L. RobertThurStanley N. Barker, Kent R. Anderson. George Q. Bennett. L: Van Wagoner, Floyd R. Smith, Kirk Moffitt Curtis,

Third Neil, Barrett, row: Seventh Theta Levie, D. Page Laird Paul row: Norman C. Stringham, Willis Yost, H. H. Arnold Gail Branham, B. Lund.

F. if,Jessie Bluth, Rolla Serge Ball Heath, Laing, Bon Mable Barrington, Lyman Luwayne A. Eleventh Durward row: V. K. Merlin Ralph Myers, Jay

Sophia B. Burnett, Lois K. Conrad, Carl Leo H. Shepherd, Conrad, Skinner, Cleeo Wright, Evan Mark Donaldson, Joy G. K. Alleman, Buchmiller, Reea Ball,Max

J. Shepherd.Richard Lee, H. Ferrel Hall, W. Harold Atkins. Smith, Pratt, Harold W. M. A. Starley, E. Milton Clyde

Fourth Davis, row: Eighth Elaine Dora row: Johnson, Delbert Thelma Tree, Leland E. Lamar Mockli, Jay Cook, Howard Tomkinson.

APRIL, flfyfa 223 EDITDRIH

great, interior salt lake. These villages and towns

\Ju,r Senior (L>dihor had served their day. The loss of earthly wealth

was as nothing compared with promised heavenly 'T'he anniversary of the birth of President George rewards. That kind of wealth, they knew, would

Albert Smith, senior editor of The Improveaccumulate faster in the society of the chosen leadrich—richment Eta, inoccursexperience,on Aprilin 4.the Presidentlove of multitudesSmith is erstheyofwouldthe Church,do their part,and theirtheir earthlyfellow believers.wants wouldIf

for him, in the confidence of the Lord who has be supplied. That was their certain faith.

called him to his high position. What else matters So certain of their mission and destiny had they

when life's labors yield such a harvest! been, that rather than surrender an iota of their

The host of Eta workers and readers extend confaith, they left lovely Nauvoo and its sacred House gratulations to this man of God, their noble and of the Lord. The pains they suffered in the loss of

beloved friend and leader, and pray that many homes, belongings, city, and temple were tempered years on earth, in health of every faculty, may yet by the assurance that God had again spoken to wait upon him. Under his prophetic Presidency the man, and that they must, at all costs, carry out his

Church is moving safely towards its divine destiny. latterday purposes. They were in partnership with

May the blessings of heaven rest upon him and his God, hence they always faced the world with courloved ones. That is the urgent prayer of a grateful age and good cheer.

people. J. A. W. The toilsome journey across desert and plain,

over mountain passes and swollen streams, seemed to the men and women of '47, and their successors,

Jkeu J4ad r/o UDowot to be but small payment for the eternal truths which poured light and hope into their every affair. In

()NE hundred years ago this month, the first piodefiance of the pitiless desert, they played and neer company left Winter Quarters to seek sang and danced, when the crunching wheels out a permanent home for the Latterday Saints. ceased rolling for the night. Certainty lifted their

They traveled westward, towards regions poorly souls towards joy.

known, for their martyred Prophet had declared Was there ever anything quite like it in human that the Church would settle in the Rocky Mounhistory? Has certainty ever before risen so high

tains. Their present prophet would know the over sacrifice? Certainty of faith gave mighty powlocation when he saw it. er to the pioneers of '47. It has made the Church

There was therefore no doubt of the outcome of strong.

the journey when on April 16, 1 847, the company The man of faith is unafraid; he stands undisbegan its march. The work that lay before them mayed before the rising problems of life, for he

was the Lord's work. As he led ancient Israel knows they will recede before his assaults; he is

over the deserts to the land of promise, so he would ever the master.

bring success to the impending quest. A permanent Uncertainty and doubt make men slaves to unabiding place would be found for the harassed, known forces; therefore our unhappy world seethes

persecuted Saints. Moreover, the place would be and erupts bloodily, cruelly.

one chosen for them by the Lord. We of this generation, who face problems as

So certain of the Lord's guidance were the peogreat as those of '47, need an equal certainty of ple, also, who remained, that before the first comfaith in the principles, ordinances, and practices of pany had reached the Great Basin, or news of the the gospel. Then, we too shall move on as conselection of the Great Salt Lake valley had been querors. That is the first lesson of the pioneers.

received, other companies had been organized, and—J. A. W.

were on the way, following the trail of the first company. Mormon Battalion members and families who had been left behind in Santa Fe did not

attempt to return to the green acres of Iowa or

Nebraska; but joined the pioneer company in the

practically unknown West. To them all, the Great

Salt Lake valley was the chosen spot whence the cause of the Lord would spread over the earth.

So certain of the fulfilment of prophecy was the whole Church, that Winter Quarters, Kanesville, and other pioneer places, with houses and public structures, near fertile lands, were abandoned for the newfound haven on the barren shores of the

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I)

ETSTRLKITUVEIM

Come Talks to Young People About Current Problems The husband who had learned it was wisest not to have even a By MARY BRENTNALL that glass of ginger ale in his hand at a drinking party, said, "No, thank

A young Latterday Saint on a you, but I'm anxious to see Mr. Berry

business trip in the East, noticed, before we go in. Will you excuse

as for sat or so he with an hour please?"a moment, a me really people do I Ibll us what"I that friend the formman, good who wife, the exceedingwas who And at act they say how and and erly continuously, wassmoked had like I'd thirsty, said, ly really "What * difficult young moments,"all. n't at smoking is glass a of water."

all is right, but say.people "Theory

all day, haven't said, smoked "You friend laughed and The much."us help alwaysit doesn't

So we give you the following Dick. What's happened?"he asked. "There isn't a drop of water around charged water. Wouldgroup of little stories. Each reports "I've quit. It's bad enough when—except

an actual situation or occasion and your wife gets after you, but when that do?"

is, as nearly as it is possible to retell your children object, you just gotta She didn't particularly like it, an actual conversation. do something."charged water, but it was wet, and

"How's it been—hard?"asked she was sipping it somewhat slowly

"Pour men sat around a restaurant his western friend. when another woman came up to

table in a farwestern city. The "No,"said Dick, "it hasn't been her. It's been in- "What is that pale drink—oldest, a man of sixty, his doctor too bad—surprisingly.

friend, nearly the same age, and the teresting. I hadn't realized that in thought I knew all the varieties, but

I had comthat's a new one."doctor's son, about thirty, were not my years of smoking,

pletely forgotten tasted. "Oh, food how this is H 2 spiked with fourth of the Church. Themembers

time I'm having a very 2."good redisco forties, was. in his early Theman,

first three were all smokers, the last covering flavor. Smoking had, eviThe woman, who was "not quite

taste. herself,"said, "It must be awfullywas not. They were talking pleasdently, 'jimmied'my sense of

little emweak. I've often wondered whatantly enough of weather, politics, And another thing—I'm a

people about other this, but the who don't drink do at cockthings about barrassed variousfamilies—the tail parties."that conscious day I became my conversationwhich men make

when the youngest man pulled out a brother Ben had a very disagreeable "Well, we usually stay home,"package of cigarets and offered odor about him. Somehow the odor said the wife.

one to the oldest. of tobacco had become distasteful to And the other woman murmured,

"No, thanks,"the older man said, me. Anyway it made me wonder "You don't miss much—do you?

"three months ago, I limited myself about myself, so I said to my wife, Lucky woman."

to two a day, and I've had my quota 'Betty, did I use to smell like Ben?'

for today. My throat was getting so She looked at me sort of surprised JDeople as a whole are thoughtful

bad, and I was coughing so much and said, 'Why, of course you did and considerate. Once they are

that I had to cut down."always!'I couldn't help saying to fully convinced that you do not

"Some people don't even call these her, 'How did you ever stand living drink, even the drinkers will protect cigarets,"the young man replied. with me?'you from both invitations and ridi-

"They're medicated. I was having cule. But occasionally an exception

trouble myself, so I thought I'd try A young couple were invited by turns up—someone who takes a

these."a business associate to a big hotel malicious pleasure in making a non-

"Yes,"commented the doctor. "I dinner. The voice over the telephone drinker feel conspicuous. This hapoffered to pay for my son's smokes said, "Please come early for cockpened to Mr. X, a very delightful,

for a year if he'd change to cigars. tails."intelligent, and devoted Latterday

I think they're a little easier on you "Well, since we don't drink, perSaint. Mr. X enjoyed the confidence

f.han cigarets."haps it would be more comfortable of his associates in a very important

"Why smoke at all if it's such a all around if we just came in time position which had kept him away problem?"said the nonsmoker. for dinner,"suggested the wife. from his western home for many"Why not just quit altogether?""No, come early—I want you to years. Those who worked with him

"Well, obviously, that's the only meet all these people, and that's the—with few exceptions—respected

answer,"smiled the doctor, "but you best way to do it. You don't have to his religious convictions, and, almiss an awful lot of congeniality drink."though most of them drank, never

when you don't smoke."So they went. Immediately, their commented on his abstinence or of-

"I don't think so"—the "Mormon"charming friend dashed up, "Can't fered him anything which they knewwas again speaking. "I'm having a I get you something—a little wine, he would refuse.

wonderful time with you fellows."perhaps?"(Continued on page 231

APRIL 1947 225 tt CDOKSBDRHEIf DNINGSafc Josephine B. Nichols

YOURS AND MINE theback.fruitBobandhastilyassumedthrewa anonchalantrobe over

air. Dale broke into agonized perEaster Favorite Foods

D (Lveiun lA/ooiter ULmer spiration.

"A fine thing,"he thought. "If I \\7hether your featured meal on

dinner, or a is breakfast, I Easter thief, I'll be with here a caught is mine am may do these sugwill enjoy he."it guilty as late supper, you as consideredThatwith aswhichI wish. hoard I may

selfishly or generously divide The car crawled past, and Dale gestions:

with those less fortunate. But that drew a sigh of relief, promising himwhich is yours I may not touch. self never to be caught out with Bob Spring Medley In Biscuit Ring

"Thou shalt not steal,"commands again. 3 cups sifted enriched flour

the Lord. A x/2 teaspoons baking powder

Steal is an ugly word. I may try 1 J4 teaspoons salt

shortening great to /""Vne expense tablespoons man went to 6 the sting oftenso by saying I helped 1 milk to V/2 cups castle transport old world an is the the connotationmyself, but same. Grammatical evasions will not from its original location. In the Sift together flour, baking powder, and

help matters. castle were many wonders, fine old salt. Cut in shortening. Add milk to make

What may I then possess of this statuary, ancient clothing, and other a soft dough. Turn out on lightly floured

thirty seconds. gently and knead board the value. of grounds About is not items which Nothingworld's goods?

thick. with inch Cut onehalf out Roll far animals strange from wandered neighborrightfully mine. may My inch onehalf cutter and one or in twoinch for the All lands. intended this was full which implements ofhave a shed or butter melted with squares. Brush

lie unused year after year, but this instruction and the amusement of the margarine. Place biscuits two deep in a

does not give me the privilege of denine-inch ring mold or arrange in ring ciding that he does not need them. shape on baking sheet. Bake in hot oven

They belong to him and to him alone. serving(470 F.)platterfifteenandminutes.fill withPlacespringonmedley.heated

Dale had not known Bob long when, one fine spring day, Bob sugSpring Medley gested a drive in the country. The

prospect was alluring, and soon they 4 tablespoons shortening were rolling through the pleasant 4 tablespoons flour countryside enjoying fresh air and Yz teaspoon salt 2 cups milk sunshine. 2 tablespoons pimiento

A fig tree, loaded with luscious 1 cup cooked, drained green peas fruit, grew temptingly close to the 6 hardcooked eggs, quartered lengthroad. Dale watched indulgently as wise

Bob gathered the figs that grew over

Melt shortening over low heat; blend in

the road, but when he took a pail flour; add salt. Add milk gradually, stirring

from the car and climbed over the public. However, after one statue until thickened. Cook five minutes. Fold

thorpeas, eggs. and pimiento, Heat in alarmed.fence, Dale became headless completely another was and

ring. biscuit Garhot into oughly. Pour anxiously, said "what he "Hey,"lost chipthe constant had an arm by slices. parsley tomato with nish and to do?"goingare you ping of place hunters, the souvenir

replied these figs,""Get public. the closed to the Even Bob tersewas Nest Eggs

pick.ly, to commencing being cut fine old costumes were up

"You better not do that,"argued bit by bit. 4 cups hot seasoned mashed potatoes

Dale. "Likely the owner plans to 5 teaspoons catsup

"Why,"you say, "those people 5 eggsuse them."

were vandals and thieves!"salt and pepper "Poof,"scorned Bob, pointing to

Not at all. This was done by 3 cup grated American cheesea few that lay scattered on the

Mrs. and Mr. to souvenirhunting going "seeground, how they're potatoes in greased shallow bakSpread a public America. It was done by

nests; in bedish. ing picked them each place havewaste? He'd Make five

fore this time if he wanted them."who had not been properly instructone teaspoon catsup and one egg; season

in in ed salt pepper. moderately the difference between yours with Bake and that a car came when However,

) (325 F. mintwenty about oven slow mine. and into ditch a andway, Bob scuttled until Sprinkle done. almost are utes or eggs

lay huddled among the weeds until All too common and too uncomcheese over eggs. Return to oven to melt

it had passed. fortably close to the truth are the cheese—about ten minutes. Serve piping

"Come on,"urged Dale, "you humorous stories concerning the hot.

have enough."But Bob refused to depredations of the city man in the

leave until the tree was stripped. country. Spicy Hot Cross Buns

Just as he loaded his illgotten fruit, Let's teach our young people to 2 cakes compressed yeast a car came slowly past. Once past, it put a clear and distinct line of de- }4 cup lukewarm water

stopped, turned and came slowly marcation between yours and mine. 1 cup milk; i. r,

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner

J4 cup shortening Y2 cup sugar tco /—1 teaspoon salt 7%o&fffit

2 eggs, beaten 1 cup currants 1 teaspoon cinnamon 34 teaspoon allspice 5 cups sifted enriched flour (about) confectioners'sugar icing

Soften yeast in lukewarm water, scald milk. Add shortening, sugar, and salt.

Cool to lukewarm. Add flour to make a

thick batter. Add softened yeast and eggs.

Beat well. Add currants, spices, and

enough flour to make a soft dough. Turn

out on board and knead until satiny. Place

in greased bowl, cover and let rise until double. When light, shape into small buns,

and place on greased baking sheet. Let

rise until doubled. With a razor blade cut

a cross in the top of each bun. Bake in

moderate oven (375 F.) twenty to twentyfive minutes. While hot, ice with confectioners'sugar icing, following the cut in

the buns. Yields three dozen buns.

Easter Cup Cakes

6 eggs 1 cup sugar 2 tablespoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind 1 cup sifted cake flour Y2 teaspoon salt THAT until thick Beat egg yolks lemonand colored; rind. in // add lemon Beat juice and

sugar. Beat egg whites until they hold a

peak. Stir flour and salt into egg yolk mixture. Fold in egg whites. Fill large size

muffin tins, which have been dusted with flour, twothirds full. Bake at 325 F. for

thirty minutes. Cool cakes on rack. IN THE NEW

Just below top of cake make a small slitand pull cake apart just enough to insert CLEANER, BRIGHTER '*—

a spoonful of pineapple sauce, press toIgether again. sugar Make a powdered

frosting by blending one cup powdered 4sugar and just enough cream evaporated PASCO PAINT milk to make a frosting for spreading. Tint

frosting a pale green or yellow with vegetable coloring. Frost the sides and top of COLORS

cup cakes, just before serving top with a Now Pabco research presents the truest single real blossom such as a violet, Chinese blues, the richest reds, the mellowest yellily, or geranium. lows...the deepest, most beautiful shades

in every paint color...to harmonize with

our western way of living! Easter Bonnet Place Cards

Pabco paintquality is better than ever!

easy to apply... So so quick to dry. Greater

a pretty a hardcooked face on egg, Make coverage... extra durability, too!

itcolor colored pencils with or crayons.

Either paint on the hair, or glue strands Supplies ofPabco Paints are still limited of wool yarn to the top of the egg. For a...but they're so superior that they're well

collar, fold a small sheet of lightweight worth waiting for! Your Pabco dealer is

paper four inches by seven inches into a listed in Phone Book Classified Section.

strip of four thicknesses, tucking one end in the fold of the other end to secure it.

Glue collar on egg and attach a ribbon bow at the chin. For the hat, snip the center of * l0 Pamt over!

a tiny paper doily, put over a small nut cup. Tie with a bit of ribbon and a posy. THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES INC.This upto-theminute a fashionable makes

hat. Put it on the egg head and arrange SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA

on place card.

APRIL 1947 227.

Yes No

tight, strcmg, and free from weedte? Beautification 4. Are your neighbors proud of

the way you take care of your lot? D

5. Does your lot add to the SCORE beauty of the neighboring

lots? 6. Is your lot productive—a

good crop is always more CARDS beautiful than a poor one?....

7. Do you assume the responsibility for cutting and cleaning up the weeds between

rarmer 8. yourIs yourlot lotandfreethe fromstreet?noxious Q

CHAIRMAN, PLEASANT GROVE CITY weeds?

BEAUTIFICATION COMMITTEE 9. Can you state that your lot is

not "vacant"even though there are no buildings on it? Q D

10. Can you be depended upon

to beautify your lot so it will

Yes No rate a score of one hundred fertilized, edges neatly trimpercent?

med? 5. Have you planted sufficient

flowers to beautify and pro- \X/e suggest that farmers observe "TT"\ eautify"is a popular slogan vide continuous blooms their farms and appraise them throughout the season? Q in in Saint Latterday Y\ homes terms of beauty, productiveness,

6. trees your Are shrubs and * -*—lifttoday. face conservation. and Community have preWe neatly and adequately pruned

ing campaigns are organized in most and trimmed? fj pared the following score card to

Utah cities. This is an important 7. Are you using paint to the assist you in making your appraisal.

part of the preparations being made fullest possible extent in If you can answer the following in the affirmative, you willfor Utah's centennial celebration. 8. beautifyingHave you yourconsideredhome?. your questions

Utah will be host to visitors from neighbors'plans in developmake a distinct contribution to our many states, and will want to be ing your beautification probeautification campaign.

complimented on her appearance. If gram?

each person, company, and civic unit 9. Do you extend your efforts

Yes No the center of the street, orwill beautify the property they own, to across the 1. Does your farm give a genstreet even if there

shall more beautiful all havewe eral impression is of being wellopposite nobody you? Qstates to live. in which managed and progressive? 10. depended you be Can upon to

We suggest that each homeowner beautify your home so that it 2. Do your barns and corrals....

carefully inspect his house and lot will rate a score of one hunadd to the beauty of your and look for changes that can be dred percent? farm;cause ofor loosedo theyboards,detractlackbeof

made in improving its appearance. paint, broken hinges, large

One good way to do this is to ap- "\\7"e hope that owners of vacant lots manure piles, trash heaps, proach your place from the opposite will cooperate in making our discarded machinery, or similar conditions? it fj fj atside of the street cities with and look beautiful. usually It has been 3. Are least weeds your abunthe attitude stranger of a might taken for that lots who granted vacant rj dant crop? Q

in followinterested buying.be The to neglected were be to 4. allowed and your crops Do advertise

ing score card has been prepared to become community eyesores. Our your community as a producassist you in making your appraisal. beautification campaign will be only tive center?

5. Are fences your straight, inspection, then your own partiallyMake successful this attiunless

tight, strong, and free from home.rate your If you can own antude can be changed. reaThe main weeds? rj f-j

swer the following questions in the son why vacant lots are eyesores is 6. Does your farm home rate a

affirmative, your beautification score that they are usually abandoned. one hundred percent score

is one hundred percent. The best remedy is to put this land card in our beautification

fj rj Yes No to a practical use. We have prepared 7. program?Are your ditches free from

1 Have you cleaned up all garthe following score card to assist you noxious weeds, willows, and bage, trash, paper, and other in judging your vacant lot. If you unsightly washes? Q

debris? can answer the following questions 8. Is there a distinct division be-

2. reor removed Have you tween your home and your in affirmative, beautification the your

all unsightly or unmodeled farm? g Q is percent. score one hundred outbuildings? necessary 9. assume you the responDo O

3. landplanned and you sibility Have for cleaning cutand Yes No to obpremises your scaped ting the weeds between your 1. weeds, Is your lot clean—no tain the best appearance? fence street? the and fj or other trash?.... wastepaper, D 4. lawns properly your Are 10. Is farm your machinery

2. Is your lot planted? housed, painted, and repaircared for—wellcut, free from

weeds, uniformly green, well- 3. Are your fences straight, ed? -

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.,

'dom

Simplicity Frock of fully sanforized fine count slub poplin with tie back and full length zipper. Guaranteed fast color

daisy print on blue, aqua or.. pink backgrounds with contrasting binding. Sizes 16 to

'. 44 $398

ZCMI Box 1229 Salt Lake City 10, Utah HOUSE AND TOWN SHOP

Send me frocks ist 2nd Size Color Choice Color Choice

Name...

Address

City Zone—State

Cash Charge C.O.D..

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

APRIL 1947 229.

PI1II1|| 1 "IH4Jemenniat lalPitoneer deans c Nothing pans pots and SCOUT CAMP easier!

N, on to Salt Lake City to By ROCK M. KIRKHAM

the Pioneer Centennial National Director L.D.S. Church Service,

Scout Camp,"will be the Boy Scouts of America"O cry of 5,000 Scouts and leaders this summer. From July 21, for five full

days, they will be a living demonstration of the values of the scouting program. This encampment will 5. Wear the official Scout uniform and

climax a year's activity and adconform to the style adopted by the vancement of scouting in the Church. unit to which he belongs

The camp will be located on the 6. Agreeregulationsto conformset up fortothetheoperationrules andof

southwest section of the Fort Dougthe camp las reservation, on an area tra- 7. Be a nonuser of liquor and tobacco

versed by the old Pioneer Trail. and observe this rule while a member

Already attendance interest has of the camp been manifested from Utah, Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, HThe general instructions attached

Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, to the application form stress the

North Carolina, Washington, D.C., necessity of doing several things:

New York, the Hawaiian Islands, and Canada. Inquiries have also 1 Secure the approval of his unit leader,

been received from England and parent or guardian, and bishop, pastor, "Lightens Housework thru Chemistry"

Holland. or spiritual advisor. FOR A MILLION WESTERN HOUSEWIVES

2. When the application is completed,

An active Centennial Scout comtake or mail it to his local Scout mittee, headed by General Chairheadquarters, together with a registraman George Q. Morris, has been tion deposit of $5.00 for each member.

hard at work planning and clearing After certification the council willall necessary details for the suceralforwardcommitteethe applicationsof the Pioneerto theCentengen- 300 cessful operation of the camp. Memnial Scout Camp, 50 North Mainbers of the national and regional Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. KOLOB

staffs of the Boy Scouts of Amer- 3. Adult leaders will meet all requirements

ica have been correlating their efexcept for parent and leader approval forts with these committees. and advancement.

4. Upon receipt of the application propEach Scout attending the encamperly filled out and approved, with thement must file an individual registraregistration deposit, the physical exifAmtion application by May 15, 1947, amination blanks, equipment lists, uni- m

signifying his intention of attending form standards, food instructions, and the Pioneer Centennial Scout Camp. leadershipdirectly to yourequirementsfrom yourwilllocalbe counsent /fif

He must qualify for certain precil or from the general committee. BRING THE WEST'S

scribed requirements to be eligible: 5. Credentials will be issued to each applicant when all requirements have

1. Be a registered member of the. Boy been met. Local councils in the United SERVICE

Scouts of America States will certify advancement by TO YOUR 2. Meet the following advancement reJuly 1, 1947. Other requirements, such

quirements: as registration, will be certified by HOME TOWN

a. As a Boy Scout be at least First local councils when applications are

is the The Agent community in your KOLOB the general to committee. forwarded in or rank Class June 15, 1947, by

efficiently every insurance low need and at 6. in mail their if should 1, 1946, Applicants First Canada Class September on cost, largest the he represents West's because

qualify for at least five merit badges registration forms and fees to their General Insurance Agency. Strong stock

by June 15, 1947 provincial Scout headquarters, and Company policies—prompt, fair settlement of

b. As a Senior Scout, achieve the first they in turn will forward them to the claims.

senior rank above apprentice in Exproper place.

plorer Scouting, Sea Scouting, or 15, 1947 Scouting Air by June to is the time your check Now record satisfactory 3. a Have other so that of Scout plans you and members performance

4. Have a physical examination in prepof your troop will be among the

aration for the camp, using the proper 5,000 attending the greatest Scout CD R P D RAT ID N blank which will be supplied gathering in Church history.

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let's Talk It Over

(Continued from page 225) One evening, however, he wasstanding with a large group of men, qHc most of them not wellknown to him,at a social function. One of the "ex0Lttniner

ceptions,"a man who enjoyed trying to embarrass him, was included in waiter the group. The who was t,

serving drinks passed Mr. uaner to them i**ott*

not that he would knowingX by,:

"friend,"one. the A Complete Academic Quarter Pls to* Whereupon,want

who also knew that Mr. X did not on the Provo campuses with added

drink but who wanted to draw atfeatures for the Centennial Year fact, called:tention to the

you've "Waiter, Bett< livinglj forgotten Mr. X, First Term:

See that he gets a drink."June 9 to July 18

The waiter could do nothing but go back and offer the tray. Mr. X Second Term:

smiled, picked up a glass, and went on with his conversation. He conJuly 21 to August 23

tinued to hold the glass casually in All Colleges and Departments of intime, talking forhis hand some the University will give regular Most dealers nowtently of the group one with or two special courses. and Elementary

until the majority had dispersed and and Secondary Training Schools his friend peculiar hadeven become have Electric Water totired of he waiting would will be in operation. see what

do with his drink. Then he put it Featured Courses in Western Hisquietly behind a potted plant and tory taught by eminent authorities Heaters ready

walked on. on Utah, including Dr. O. Meredith

Wilson of University of Chicago to install fiD you ever take anything that didn't belong to you? Few young NINTH ANNUAL MUSIC FESTIVAL

people actually believe in stealing yet a very "easy"attitude is developing regarding what is "yours and BAND AND ORCHESTRA CLINIC mine."A girl of high school age overheard part of her mother's telephone Write for a Summer Catalog conversation with a store detective regarding a friend's son who was inUTAH POWERvolved in shoplifting. The girl's RIGHAM YOUNG

mother had pleaded the boy's cause and had been assured that the case UNIVERSITY & LIGHT CO.would be handled without publicity PROVO, UTAH

and with all possible kindness and understanding. Though relieved, the

mother came from the telephone visibly burdened.

"Shirley, do you know any youngsters who shoplift?"she asked her r

daughter. There are many who suffer loss

"Well, no, I don't think so there's a rumor every once in a while Be prudent around school that a gang has been rounded up, but it seems to be mostly Avert it by conversation. Wouldn't it be awful INSURANCE

to be so hard up that you had to steal?"This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

Her mother looked at her. "It's

true that the about boy I was talking UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY is that up, hardwas hard but nobody up, is he?"s|.v HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 232)

APRIL 1947.. 231

.

LET'S TALK IT OVER {Concluded from page 231 ) things they want momentarily ship, family life—all the things "Well—I don't know—maybe won't want at all next week. everyone's interested in."

"I've never known any boy or girl This may surprise you, Shirley, but Her mother smiled. "What did he

around here, who was actually most beginning shoplifters come say about all that?"she asked.

hungry or cold."from wellto-do homes. They are "Loads of things—too many to tell

"Well, kids are restless; they need youngsters who have never been now; you'll hear all about it in

more than to be fed."denied much—have had no exercise dribbles. It was a very frank speech

"I wonder what it is they do in denying themselves, so they go—maybe a little too heavy for some

need?"out and take what they want. When of the freshmen. One thing he said

I stole a rose from though that kind of made me wonder "Oh, they need to feel big and I was a little girl, important. What do they steal, a neighbor's garden, and my mother—I don't know whether you've ever Mother?"went with me while I returned it. I heard this or not—but some of my

in tears, It insisted. but she friends of teachcouple a anything records, was "Almost say—and—

hard, but a seems ers good thing. to it was are taught supposed have jewelry, sporting goods, cosmetics

I wish there was more of that attithat 'smooching'is natural and a nothing they really need—just tude today."very good thing—in fact, the only

"Oh, Mother, I feel sorry for way in which you can tell whether them. It must be just terrible to think you really love someone and want to

that you have stolen something. marry him. Have you heard that

You'd never get over it, would you?"one?"

"I hope not—at least not to the "Yes, I've heard it—but—

extent that you could do it again. "Well, this speaker up at the colShirley, isn't that your sisters bracelege didn't believe that—he was a

let you're wearing? Did Mary say very famous man, too. He said that

you could take it today?"one of the best ways for a fellow to

"Well, no, but she won't mind. find out whether he really loves a Honestly, Mother—girl and has a fair chance of having

a happy marriage with her is to learn

A college junior followed her whether he is able to spend three mother into the kitchen one late hours with her all alone without havafternoon and said with enthusiasm, ing to 'smooch'a little to keep from "We really had a good speaker at being bored. Different, wasn't it?"

different."today. school was He wonderful.""Yes—very "Let's see.. "Interesting talk did he about?""What too—and odd,"

what flavor shall I cry for?""Oh, marriage, courtship, friendmused the daughter.

"It's tough to decide, because rennetcustards taste mighty yummy in any flavor—a big change from drinking all my

milk. I like vanilla, or choc'late, or honey,

or pep'mint—shucks, I'll just cry, and let ROYAL BREAD decide!"Mommy

It's milk into any easy to make flavor IS GOOD BREADof rennetcustard with Brand "Junket"

Rennet Tablets. The rennet enzyme makes It is made of highgrade

milk easier to digest—and not being cooked flour that has the natural

saves all the precious vitamins. grain flour.

Make rennet -custards with either.x'tSS

"Junket"Rennet Tablets—not sweetened

or flavored—add sugar and flavor to taste;

or "Junket"Rennet Powder—six flavors,

already sweetened. Both at all grocers.

of Division Brand Foods,Write "Junket"

Fi,;;.- > -'.:'::.'vr Inc., Laboratory,Chr. Hansen's Dept. 74,

Little Falls, N. Y., for free sample of

"Junket"Rennet Tablets.

ToRtfnTTNoit "lUNKET Freezing Mix WELL Fud9e BRAND Qukk Wix BAKED Dessert Danish FOODS ENRICHED in VITAMINS "JUNKET"is the trademark of Chr. Hansen's

Laboratory,products, andInc.,Is registeredfor its inrennetthe U.andS. andotherCanada.food Royal Baking CompanySalt Lake City and Ogden

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Q*'i$?rm'*>*"

fa**$%fj<g$| w. This twoman ditch cleaner ( 1 ) keeps

ww**- down weeds in irrigation ditches,

VaH replacing oil spraying and burning neighbors form which(2) throwsare muchweeds moreand dirtexpensive;up bank

fills rather; than up gopher down (3 ) Reporter

. Farm 'S V times waste. to holes stop water Three farmers how ab,on ub is this outfit pulled cut0Palong about yearly, keeps fasier)eae work rov make the irrigation ditches of miles on *< 25

n4 big ranch at Vernalis, California, quality. S )

is (not F. Koetitz. neceanvySS/endorse w by which D. managed beg findmgs Jfr disc is built sections Outfit from hung

Saieway ideas P/d a pair of front wheels. truck end on exchanging g lud "mg

/e/u5 wTO AND --e thanare, /?CW0m TRAVEL j!//<rf FROMw/5?JOB oneDiscssideare insideloweredtheintoditchgroundbank,withthe helStcustomers Sirfofour similar ditch cleaner {arm folks. other on top. A

can be built by local blacksmiths anywhere Mr. Koetitz believes.

l&v, tft/s/cy /two E/isy 70 Load

WHEEL GUARDS KEEP HAY GANGPLANKS CLAMP ON SIDES TO

AND fODDER LOADS FROM MAKE DRIVEWAY TOR TRACTOR WHICH

RUSSINO AGAINST WHEELS HAULS EQUIPMENT ON TO PLATFORM &6*/m#& Brno Pests ffiu For 7k/s BIRDS REST ON BARS NAILED ACROSS

ENTRANCE SLOT.. CROP

IN, THEN CAN'T FLY OUT

FRAME IS

EXTRA FOLD PROVIDE BLOCKS HINGED DOWN TO SUPPORT \ WILLWEATHEREDIxt-'S IS LOADED HEAVY EQUIPMENT BEING WHEN

COVERED WITH This portable, can't-tip platform, built at Colorado CHICKEN WIRE

A. and M. College Experiment Station by Farm Manager

William Kintzley, is useful in moving disc harrows, ENTRAILS OR OTHER'jM plows, etc. from field to field over hard surface roads. It BAIT PLACED HERE '

also eliminates much lifting when transporting sick animals, or hauling hay, manure. Platform is 12 feet x 8 feet, The LewisClark Wildlife Club of

constructed of 2-inch planking. Two 5-inch I-beams Lewiston, Idaho, is promoting use of this

mounted between old truck front axles support platform. simple magpie, crow and blackbird trap.

I-beams ride 5 inches off ground. Short tongue may be Entrance slot at bottom of V formed by

used with tractor or truck, a longer tongue when platthe two wings at top is made just the form is horse drawn. right width (4 inches for magpies) so

birds can drop in from crossbars—but

not fly out. Birds fluttering inside trap

attract others. Trap is 6 feet square with

entrance slot 3 feet above ground. The

Club will supply more information and drawings of trap on request. P235SS&*

Back in 1938, Safeway published in farm papers a statement entitled, "Our Pledge in Farm MarketSafeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut ing,"and this statement included the following "inbetween"costs policies Safeway buys regularly, offering producSafeway does not own or operate any farms... ers a steady market; when purchasing

or compete with farmers in the production of from farmers Safeway accepts no brokagricultural products erage directly or indirectly. Safeway pays

Safeway does not subsidize farmers... the going prices or better, never offers a price

practice of financing certain farm production lower than producer quotes. Safeway

and using this to force prices down stands ready to help move surpluses

These Safeway policies are in operation today, and Safeway sells at lower prices, made posthey will be continued. For Safeway's business is sible by direct and less costly distributhe straightline, economical distribution of food tion. So consumers can afford to increase

from growers to consumers. their consumption

SAFEWAYthe neighborhood grocery stores

APRIL 1947 233

Security

JVJan's desire to secure well his future, man's disposition, and instinctive sense of selfpreservation, have re- n sulted in his developing many plans to give a sense him of security. likes Man For treasure where your not all depend upon the same we is, there will Do to feel that his future is wellbeing

heart asyour be also. {Matt. 6:1921.) Being, for all the substance even God, sured.

have, food for both and which we

This desire for security prompts the The priesthood bearers of the Church raiment, silver, for gold, and and for merchant to his insure against goods should realize to that the come only all for riches the and have which we nearly every conceivable possibility of lasting is security in service the to of kind?"of every (Book Mormon. loss. This desire same perprompts Lord. security, has Lord The promised 4:1-6, 18, 19.) Mosiah

the haps majority of to insure men both temporal everlasting, those and to it for Perhaps well each would be against loss of health, loss of income, his keep who commandments. With of us ask: to are deUpon we whom against accident, even against possible reference his to commandments, and for sins? forgiveness the pendent of a our liability to others. all these For types keeping of the them, said has Lord are for dependent Upon whom we of security willing are men and do pay

the required price. Verily I say, that inasmuch as ye do sunshine and rain? Upon whom are we

for clothing? dependent food and For this,... the is fulness of the earth yours. state national and Our governments, health? life? breath? For For. For.. for for whether food or raiment, or also have undertaken to insure the life? eternal think, to stop for we houses, or for When barns, or for orchards, citizenry against difficulties resulting

little... or for possess whether gardens, for much, or or vineyards. we we lossfrom of employment, and to make it pleaseth that he And hath each given to the must God our heads Giver bow

allsecure pass certain a who conage all these things this for unto man; unto all end in of live and and move we whom sidered the beyond period normal to they of were used, with be judgment, made being. have our

productivity.economic fact, In is there not to excess, neither by extortion. (D. & is lasting security only The in God.

ofa measure security, at C. 59:1620.) a price, for

life departing earth leave beWhen wepractically every contingency.

all that hind except have which we

Laws have been enacted to regulate It is hard for rich men to enter the given away. That is why the Lord adand govern in the matter of receiving kingdom of God because the love of monishes us to "Seek not for riches

and handling monies paid by investors riches cankers their souls; they become but for wisdom,"that "the mysteries of

for the security contracted. Safeguards puffed up in the pride of their hearts, God shall be unfolded unto"us with

have been carefully set up. Much wisfeeling secure within themselves, and the promise that "then shall you be

dom and ingenuity have been directed forgetting that no man is secure who made rich"and the reminder that "he to these ends as a matter of business feels, of himself, a sense of security. that hath eternal life is rich."(D. & C.

hoping that people could be given a new The mistake which most men today 6:7.)

or increased incentive to go on paying are making is that they are striving for As one searches the scriptures, as for the security offered and feel that security the through accumulation of one contemplates for the plan of God are benefitingthey by it. earth's they goods ought to be when his children, to the hearkens as one

These things and more, men do to seeking for wisdom. The man with sufvoice of the Church of Christ, he learns

insure their physical comfort, but someficient wisdom is blessed of the Lord in that the only true and lasting security times they seem forgetful that despite the handling of riches; he will use that is that which results from a righteous

all the plans they make, they are still with which the Lord has blessed him to life of selfless service. The only lastsubject to an overruling Providence bless others. Wise men are the only ing security for a bearer of the Holy

that governs in the affairs and directs men technically entitled to riches—men Priesthood is honor and respect for it,

the It destiny of men. use of proper is well to plan, them; who will make office to his magnify men and therein—devoto build, and, so grind the consistently will not far as faces of who the poor we tion to of for the Lord, the work

can through industry and thrift, to make into the ground but who will impart of provisions for temporal temporary setheir substance in a gracious manner I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what curity. Temporal security, however, to further just and righteous ends; men I say; but when ye do not what I say, ye

should not become the sole objective of who sense their dependency upon the have no promise. (D. & C. 82:10.)

our lives. Men cannot trust implicitly Lord and who are willing to return of

in the arm of flesh. There is another their tithes and offerings unto him; men

security to which all should first look, who are big enough to confess the and that is to the welfare of the soul. hand of the Lord in all things and obey

We are commanded by the Lord: the commandments of the Lord.

"... seek ye first the kingdom of God, To the rich and poor alike the Lord \X7e printed the first papers, except

and his righteousness."(Matt. 6:33.)'requires that: ",.. ye yourselves will about two, set out the first orWe are promised then that all else will succor those that stand in need of your chards, raised the first wheat, kept

added.be succor; Often administer ye will proof your are so busy we subalmost the first schools, and madeviding, stance for unto security, in need; that standeth him temporal we think,

that we neglect the higher security. To and ye will not suffer that the beggar the first improvements, in our pioeach man the Lord has said: putteth up his petition to you in vain, neering, in a great measure, from the

and turn him out to perish."Mississippi River to the Pacific

for Lay not up yourselves treasures upon ". Journal of Discourses, xiv: this doeth the.. whosover same Ocean.-

earth, where rust moth and corrupt, doth 208. hath great repent; cause to except andand thieves where through break steal: and

But lay up for yourselves treasures in he repenteth of that which he hath done heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth he perisheth forever, and hath no inHThis people had to go to a country corrupt, and where thieves do not break terest in the kingdom of God. that the Gentiles did not desire.

through nor steal: "For behold, are we not all beggars?—Journal of Discourses, iii:209.

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ginning to gird itself for battle. The

rate of growth of the demand will be governed, in part at least, by how brazen the advocates of drink become in their promotion schemes.

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE Drinking Drivers To Be Jailed

B. LEE, SPENCER W. KIMFIELDING SMITH,TWELVE HAROLD CHAIRMAN; JOSEPH relative to items recent news A mong

E. E. CLIFFORD G. MCKAY,BALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, ROMNEY, THOMAS MARION gasoline liquor that and fact the

R. IVINS ANTOINE LEVI YOUNG, EDGAR SONNE, YOUNG, ALMA following the noticed "don't mix"we

from Pasadena, California:

Era, and we noticed the "NoLiquor-Tobluntly C. Collier Frank Superior Judge comfind most which Column,"we NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO bacco that recently drivers drinking warned proverb Spanish mendable. There is a

jail COLUMN which says that, "Man thinks he drinks now on he will give them straight from

Conducted by the goblet, and deceives himself because sentences without the option of paying a

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill the goblet drinks him instead."How very fine.

true! The silverhaired teetotaler delivered his

Shoe- E. sentencing Paul after ultimatum

that incidents can name we many We charge manslaughter twenty, on a maker,Says One Knows Who the liquor operated while observed we traffic of Jack death the from resulting evils dangers is drinking of and that are drinking storenpHE (and and smokone thirtysix. Stoner,

is increasing. constantly ing ) among women it evident is so general that and given testimony to according Shoemaker,

Is this will that heritage the passed on be the toamazing soberthinking person drinkhearing, been had his preliminary at children? sincerely to not hope our and We its society permits indulwhy wide accident. the before ing

that the trying are forces to overpray who ingence, in especially places drivers circumand drivers become or who "Drunk will habits the drinkingtobacco evencome rewill after drinking life. thatstances in accidents jeopardize volved human The

in the tually end. triumph

this in nine of jail months sentences ceive isfact that drinking (perwidespread fiftyhaps percent of adults indulge) in The Legislature and Liquor courtand gasolinehereafter,"don'tColliermix, declared.and the Liquorsooner justifies thenowise general laxity with

their hats thewhich it is regarded. At this writing there are pending in drivers paste that fact in

better. bills the Legislature several Utah illustrative evils of the associated As

his newsmen, stand to Collier, explaining control. liquor concerning of these One drinking,with the following quote we in factor a that drinking was out pointed "local give designed opof to a type a letterfrom written a fine nonis by the during California fatalities in 468 motor

it. tion"municipality that to any wants one and knows:"Mormon"who that said 1946. first of nine months He

On the petition, of a majority of the the nine month period drunk driving inin

We operated a liquor agency for several legal voters living in the community, creased by eighty percent over the same years in a rural Utah town, but we finally addressed to the State Liquor Control period of 1945, and that drunks were ingave up the business because we could no Commission, no liquor store could stay volved in 7,035 personal injury accidents longer endure the moral responsibility of or come into the community. This is during that time.

selling public, liquor particularly to the and of local simple type a very option—one

to friends, of have become many whom involves that expenses no election for Is It Creditable?

alcoholics otherwise undedepraved and sirable characters. the time There was we the public. According to news reports, Twin

couldn't sleep for weeks thinking of the Another measure would tighten up Falls area, Idaho, wants to be anyoung woman who argued with us because enforcement of provisions relative to nexed to Nevada to escape certain Idawe wouldn't sell her the monthly ration in drinking and driving on public highho inhibitions on night clubs, drinking, advance after she and her fiance, and anways. It legalizes a physical examinaand gambling, with all their accompaniother engaged couple, had already purtion to determine if alcohol may have ments. But certainly the great majority

chased their month's quota. Fifteen minutes been a factor in unsafe or reckless drivof the citizens of the Twin Falls area

after they left the store, this young woman ing. are in favor of law observance, moral

sister fiance vicdead, the of herand were governclean and decency, in the legislature pending would standards, A bill horrible of "accident."car tims a of in favor not therefore and are ment cities, to state funds towns, left appropriate occasion, another couple a young On eleunderworld of the this movement to help maintain counties them and collided the store short within time a and

with a road equipment truck and spent the adequate law enforcement agencies, ment which is giving unfavorable pubyear in casts with broken backs. They will taking money for this purpose from the licity to their community.

never again be the same. There was the profits derived from the sale of liquors.

man who beat his ailing wife and children, At the moment it appears that these still ended another marriage whose and will laws. become to Era goes Improvement The A s the to serious consequences with divorce liquor in—"salebills of by the is adthe press, Utah Legislature Butdrink"—willanother one *** friends those children. good There were

fail. likely journing. spent of ours, both and women, men who

the greater part of their income on liquor According to reports, the sale of alThe bill providing for a type of and whose behavior at parties and dances, coholic beverages has increased rapid- "local option"died in committee.

was, to say the least, disgraceful. ly all over the country during recent The measure providing for a tightto relative enforcement of ening up ours friend of physician consulted a evils drinking following the years, and We

highpublic driving drinking on and that told feelings. told us our and him He multiplied. Correspondgreatly have

legislature the failed to pass by ways in store the not clerks only and werewe "local for option"ingly, sentiment the votes. of three needed The a margin others of for the behavior responsible human greatly grown. prohibition has and fifteen with to 5 28 vote memwas drinking. in indulge to Neverchoosewho stops spendliquor industry the Unless absent. votes were Thirtyone bers still felt guilty did theless, everyand we proadvertise to ing and sums immense needed. friends discourage to could our thing we

likeis its this business, sentiment "sale the drink"liquor of mote by The liquor. permits others buying and from and

There were times when we felt we were ly to continue growing. There is an inbill was defeated in the senate 11

fighting a losing battle alone until a friend creasing demand in Utah for statewide to 10.

gave us some copies of The Improvement prohibition. An aroused public is beAPRIL 1947 235

.

* RRRD8IE PRIESTHOOD CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD LEADERSHIP YOUTH SUGGESTIONS FOR COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVERSARY OUTLINE OF STUDY

OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION MAY 1947 the anniversary of will be undertaken on a stake basis or Note: This course of study is prepared rpHE celebration of

under the direction of the Presiding the restoration of the Aaronic left to wards. Stake functions are desirBishopric for presentation during the Priesthood should be given special atable for the reason that small wards or

monthly meeting of the ward youth tention during this centennial year. branches can profit from large groups;

leadership to be conducted by the bishBecause the centennial celebration all of them seem to enjoy socials on a opric in each ward. Members of the will reach into practically every section large scale. If a stake celebration is

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee and of the Church in one form or another, it undertaken, bishops should be included of the ward committee for Latterday is all in felt that stake meetings and ward committees plans are where made

Saint girls are expected this to attend details should free be given set forth. and a in deterFinancing hand of such meeting.

mining the type of celebration most apstake functions is a matter of drawing

AST month we indicated the extent propriateheretofore,underthe celebrationlocal conditions.should Asinshareupon allof thetheexpenses.ward budget funds for a

and character of juvenile delinclude such features as pilgrimages to If the stake does not undertake the quency. This month, we shall discuss points of particular interest, athletic promotion of an allstake celebration,

the causes. Our treatment cannot be meets of various types, and other events bishops should be so notified at the

exhaustive. important The earliest thing is that which to appeal have possible that date so young men. Such ward our point of view is sound. activities should in be be planned conducted Satevents plenty may on

Why do boys and girls behave in a urday, May 1 7, as nearly as possible. time. Stake committees are obligatedof

contrary to way the established laws to assist in bishops their celebration Stake Celebrations rules and society? of they Why do plans and to follow through efin an

act contrary to principles many of the Stake committees should at once fort to have provide all wards some (Concluded on page 246) determine whether such outdoor events (Concluded on page 247)

a,. n.

KOLOB STAKE LD.S. GIRLS PRESENT PAGEANT

rT1HE Kolob Stake presidency assigned ment, the sacred pageant, "Search the the pageant, with Alberta Hoover as the stake committee for Latterday Scriptures,"written by Laura Shepdirector, and Dorothy Cranmer, accomSaint girls the responsibility for conpard, was presented, panist.

ducting the mothers'and daughters'Lower photo shows a replica of the session of a recent quarterly stake conUpper photo shows the L.D.S. girls four standard works of the Church and

ference. In keeping with the assignchorus which furnished the music for the eleven principals in the pageant.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

he is present as the presiding officer,

True Devotion to Duty and he should consult him in regard to Ward Jeackers Keport any instructions pertaining to the conhear "Crequently of someone we of the acduct meeting. eeimtl ia complishing a fine record in ward to be in attendance expected Those

is teaching, usually but such an honor at this the are: chairman, meeting memis report teachers 'TThe meeting ward having achieved years one by many of the the secreof bers committee, and indispensable successful to ward this in field activity. ofexperience Howwill tary. adviser to be expected The teaching. This should held meeting be ever, priest the his of story a young and this his attend meeting schedule when regularly last of after the as soon day related to devotion recently, duty was will permit.

the possible. as month meeting The is along the passed with and it hope

that it may stimulate someone tempted Order of Business should be of paramount importance to to falter. This modest young man de- 1. Opening exercises the bishop because it brings to him an

sires no publicity, and therefore his 2. Announcements account of the temporal and spiritual

name is withheld. 3. Roll call and reading of minutes of the condition of the ward membership, and

Last fall a group of boys became inlast meeting will aid in planning for their individual terested in college football and traveled 4. Discussion and consideration of unand collective needs. Furthermore, it

finished business offers stimulate real opportunity to a to quite distance see the of a some 5. Discussion items of suggestions and teachers teaching the ward them by occasion games. planned one they On Presiding which have the appeared on of fundamentals teachimproved ward to attend a miles one hundred game Bishopric's of the Church page weekly ing. arriving site distant. at the After where of Section the Deseret and The News for bishop holds the the key The to the played, one be the of game was of teaching Improveward page The

boys recalled that he had made an apment Era holding of successful report meetings.

pointment with his ward teaching com- 6. Reports of visits to wards by members He should plan carefully the meeting

panion to complete the teaching in their of the committee well in advance and make it one which district that evening. Realizing that if 7. Discussion of current problems and will appeal to the priesthood, keeping

he saw the game, he would arrive home matters of common interest to the in mind that the meeting must move too late to keep the appointment, he committee forward with dispatch because it is 8. Assignments limited usually to hour or less. one resolved to forego the game. His com-

9. Closing exercises is Following a suggested order of vigorously discouragedpanions him and

used all manner of arguments to disbusiness him, told he resolutely suade but them 1. Song (may be limited to one verse)

that he a perfect his companion had and l/l/ko Jkoutd MiTPoint 2. Invocation

record for the year to date, and he 3. Silent roll call (to be taken by superwasn't going to mar it. {/[/am Jeacken

visors of serving teachers in of each left is the in his convictions, bishopric the to select his Tt duty of he Firm their districts respective submitted and in friends, obtained a pass- a ride home appoint the qualified and best assistant the clerk memto the before ward ing automobile, and filled the appointbers of the Melchizedek Priesthood to close of the meeting) ment. This man's devotion young assist teaching. in this to do ward To im- 4. articles Review which apmay have

of emulation. worthyduty is all All ward priests portant work, worthy and teaching peared of on the ward page

teachers should hold their calling in the teachers should be called into service. The Improvement Era and on the

same high esteem. If such an attitude The call to do ward teaching comes by Presiding Bishopric's page of the

were consistently maintained, this way of divine appointment to those Church Section of The Deseret News.

sacred responsibility would rightfully who bear the priesthood. The Lord, in 5. Presentation of lesson from handbook

be regarded as the* high privilege that a revelation to the Prophet Joseph—twenty minutes (Have one of the

it in truth is. Smith, placed this obligation upon the most sincere and capable teachers in

priesthood: "... to teach, expound, exthe ward present this lesson.)

hort, baptize, and watch over the 6. Reports of visits by ward teachers:

of pair teachers Each should ward sub- (D. 6 C. 20:42.) rvfontklu fvleetina of tk e, church."the mit to report district monthly the

In calling of the priesthood members supervisor to prior the time report of

It is meeting. that suggested theJtake Lommittee intoshouldthisbe sparedspecialin activity,emphasizingno theeffortimbishopric supervisors and bemeet

HpHE stake committee on ward teachportance of this responsibility. All ward fore the report meeting and briefly reing should meet at least once each teachers should be personally interview the reports in order that they

month and more often when the need viewed and properly instructed in their may be familiar -with the problems at arises. The time and place of this meetduties prior to appointment. Such a call hand. Every effort should be made to

ing is to be determined by the adviser, is not ordinary in any sense of the word, avoid having this meeting take on the ( member of the stake presidency ), and and the ward teacher should be made listless, uninteresting, and perfunctory the chairman of the committee in counto feel that in accepting this obligation, routine that has characterized many of these past. in the meetings bishop The it the to teach gospelcil his duty committee. of the becomes with the members prevent can such occurrence an by him. assigned to the families His to conducted is to be meeting This by the teachers having questions answer

the chairman of the stake committee, work is unfinished so long as there is pertaining to individuals and families and, although this work is his responone individual in his district who is not that will be most helpful in gaining sibility, he should recognize the adviser living in compliance to the teachings information that will be useful to the member of the stake presidency when of the gospel. (Concluded on page 239)

APRIL 194? 237

The Kemballs, under various spellings of their name, had also resided in this same immediate locality for many generations. At Walshamle-Willows,MiiNEHLDGlUsi

seven miles north of Rattlesden, Simon

This Henry Kemball, as his name was Kembald was a landholder in 1315, and

Ancestors of the spelled in England, and the widow, William Kembald in 1340. Later the

atPioneers atSusanGreat(Stone)Bromley,Cutting,Essex,were England,married Hitcham,central homefive milesof thesouthfamilyof Rattlesden.was

By Archibald F. Bennett November 27, 1628. The christenings Thomas Kembold, senior, of Hitcham,

of the two daughters were found in the made his will November 5, 1453. He

The Lineage of President Heber adjoining parish of Mistley, Essex. was evidently the father of Thomas

C. Kimball About two miles from Mistley was Kembold, Jr., who died before his faLawford, Essex, a where Richard leaving, Kemther apparently, son a JohnTJeber first Kimball, Chase counball will, his made proved September folin 1472. died Then Kymbold who selor to President Brigham Young, 10, his 1619, "elldest naming sonne in sequence Henry low Kymbold who his rightand first in hand the Pioman

his wife, Kemball,"Elizabeth, Henry his will mentions died 1526, and whose 1neer of 847, Company born was June referring other children. to and son Henry. Kembold, Henry Jr., made at14, 1801, Sheldon, Franklin County,

Vermont. His parents were Solomon The History of the Kimball Family his will January 4, 1558, naming his son

Farnham Kimball and Anna Spaulding. states that Henry and Richard Kemball "Harrye Kembolde,"and sons Richard

His mother was the third greatgrand- "have been supposed to be brothers, and Thomas. To Thomas he gave a

daughter of Edward Spalding, an emibecause they came over on the same piece of land in Rattlesden called grant from England who died at ship and settled in the town of Water- "Hodges Medowe."When his widow

Chelmsford, Massachusetts, in 1670, town. There is no evidence that they "Cicelie Kembolde of Hitcham"made

and the second greatgranddaughter of were so related"(p. 8). her will, proved in 1582, she named

Moses Cleveland, who married in In 1889 Morrison went to England her three sons Henry, Thomas, and

Woburn, Massachusetts, in 1648. Thus seeking to locate the home of Richard Richard, and Priscilla Kembolde,

he was of the same lineage as President Kimball, who was the forefather of daughter of her son Henry.

Grover Cleveland, whose grandfather, most of the Kimballs in America. He This last named Henry or Harry

William Cleveland, was fourth cousin was shown the will of Henry Scott of Kembold married Margaret Munning to Heber C. Kimball. Rattlesden, Suffolk, England, dated in Brettenham parish in 1564. BrettenIt was many years after the death of September 24, 1624, which proved that ham is between Hitcham and RattlesPresident Kimball before the name of Henry was the father of Ursula, wife of den. She was of the prominent Munhis father's father could be ascertained. Richard Kimball; and in his will he ning family of that neighborhood, of

Finally, through the land records in mentioned his grandchildren Abigale which a pedigree prepared in the year

Vermont, and the research of a young Kemball, Henrie Kemball, Elizabeth 1615 is printed in Suffolk Manorial relative there, it was proved that his Kemball, and Richard Kemball. He also Families, Vol. 1:106107. This deduces

grandfather was James Kimball whose bequeathed to his wife Martha. His the family from Gilbert de Munnines

wife was Meribah. This one discovery widow Martha, and son Thomas, came of an ancient house of Poictiers in

connected his line with a History of to America on the same ship as Richard France, who, by his wife Charlotte, the Kimball Family compiled and puband Henry Kimball. were parents of Anthony de Moonines,

lished after years of painstaking reThe printed parish register of Rattlestaken prisoner at the Battle of Aginsearch by two professors, L. A. Morden, in our library, shows that Henry court in 1415, and brought to England

rison and S. P. Sharpies. James was a Scott was buried there December 24, with many other prisoners, "where

second greatgrandson of Richard Kim1624, and had married Martha Whatswearinge to serve ye Kinge in all ye ball, who came from England in 1634, lock July 25, 1594. Their daughter ffrenche warres, he was ransomed &

when he was thirtynine, with his wife Ursula Scott was christened at Rattlesset at Lib'ty."His son Henry de

Ursula and seven children, making his den, February 14, 1597-8. "Henry KemMoonines, after a military service,

home in Watertown and later Ipswich, ball ye sone of Richard and Ursula his withdrew into the country and made

Massachusetts. He was also a descendwife"was christened there August 12, his home in Suffolk County, not far

ant of the Gage, Stickney, Head, Rey1615. from Bury St. Edmunds. From him the

nolds, Atwood, Tenney, Batchelor, A recent intensive search among adpedigree continues on down to those

Parrat, and Hazeltine families, by virtue joining parishes in Suffolk has brought who settled in Brettenham.

of which he had many relatives among to light additional facts. Henry Scott, Henry Kembold or Kemball and his

the Utah pioneers. Among other confather of Ursula, was christened in the wife Margaret Munning had, among

nections, he was the fifth cousin of the church of Bradfield St. George, about other children, two sons, Richard and

Prophet Joseph Smith on the Stickney three miles Rattlesand onehalf from the Parish the History Henry. In of of

line. the 1, 1560, son den, November in library, in great of EdBuxhall, our is a map

mund and Joan Scott. The parents later detail, showing Pye Hatch Farm loThe Kemballs or Kymboldes in moved to Rattlesden where five of their cated in the corner where Buxhall, RatEngland nine children were born, and where tlesden, and Hitcham parishes virtually

"Cor over fifty years repeated efforts Edmund was buried August 14, 1621, join. Records of the Manor of Buxhall

have been made to trace the an- "aged about 97."His wife Joan was show that this farm was acquired by

cestry of Richard Kimball, the emigrant also buried there in 1615. Henry Kemball January 14, 1596. In

from England. The problem has been This Scott family had lived in this 1601 Henry Kembold surrendered it

exceptionally difficult because of cervicinity and in Bury St. Edmunds for conditionally to his son Richard Kemtain missing records. It was known that a number of generations, the earliest bold. Richard surrendered it conditionhe came on the ship Elizabeth from reference found being the will of ally to his brother Henry Kembould,

Ipswich, England; on the same ship Robert Scot of Bury, tailor, December October 2, 1606. Henry sold it to John

came Henry Kimball, age fortyfour, his 8, 1403. The Whatlocks were in RatRobinson June 1, 1619 (p. 169). (The

wife Susan, and their two daughters. tlesden as early as 1281 A.D. changing spelling of the name at this

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Genealogy THESE TIMES period is indicated by the forms used (Concluded from page 198 in these entries. or not Nehru's concern with political political problem; can government conAfter disposing of his property in freedom will be applied only to the trols and political freedom occupy the

1 606, Richard evidently moved to Lawproblem of the goal of puma swaraj same place at the same time? Some say

ford, Essex, and was a wheelwright. (complete freedom from British conyes; some say no. Great Britain is exHe made his will in 1619. It was his trol), or extended successfully to the perimenting in socialist fashion with

son Henry who came to America in internal life of India after June 1948, rethe problem at home. We shall have op-

1 634. Richard's brother Henry Kymball mains to be seen. portunity to witness another experiwas the customary tenant at Buxhall in ment, complicated by Pakistan and na1612, but disposed of his Buxhall hold- 'hroughout the world, these times tive princes, ere long, in that rich subing in 1619, the very year his brother witness the unfolding of a gigantic continent of Asia, the land of India.

died. His wife was Johan, whom he

married when quite young. Their children, John and Frances, were christened at Brettenham in 1584 and 1587,

and Rachel was baptized at Rattlesden in 1589, as shown by the registers of these two parishes. There were other

children, including Richard, born in 1 595, who was the emigrant ancestor to latter childrenAmerica. had The General of Americachristened at Rattlesden Hitcham and

parishes, as follows:

Alexander, chr. 20 February 1614, at Insures Only Strong"Links"

Hitcham Henry, chr. 12 August 1615, Rattlesden

Abigail, chr. 20 November 1617, Hitcham

Mary, chr. 7 August 1618, Hitcham

Of these, Alexander and Mary died young; Henry came to America with with chains, so with insurance, weak

his parents; while Abigail married in "links"jeopardize the strength of the

England John Severans or Severance, whole structure. General of America

and with him shortly came to America, from the first has refused poor risks, where twelve children were born to them. Her son, John Severance, through accepted no "weak links."Since 1923 it has become one of the

his son Ebenezer, was the seventh largest capital stock fire insurance companies in the U.S., with

greatgrandfather of President George relatively fewer losses.

Albert Smith and through his son Joseph, the fifth greatgrandfather of

President Smith.

Policy holders like the "Preferred Risk"plan. Countless

thousands make important savings. All take pride in knowing

their property qualifies. They appreciate our fire inspection

service which eliminates needless hazards. Well located, well

WardTeaching maintained property can qualify. Ask today for details of our

(Concluded from page 237) "inner circle"protection plan.

bishopric. With this system it will

not be necessary to have a verbal report from each pair of teachers every month.

Note: Discussion of problems of a Look to General, the leader, for new and

personal nature should be avoided in better features in virtually all forms of this meeting. Teachers should be incommercial insurance.

structed not to delay in reporting urgent matters to their respective supervisors, or of the the member bishINSURANCE COMPANY OF serving, they are opric under whom and they in turn, will refer the same to the bishop promptly. Confidences

must always be held sacred. "THI CAPITAL STOCK COMPANY OP PREPERRID RISKS"

7. Special instruction from the bishop

(A speaker might be brought in ocHome Offices; Seattle, Wash. Agents Everywhere H. K. DINT, Pre*.

casionally to give an inspirational talk, using the full class period if necessary.)

8. Benediction

APRIL 1947 239 COURAGE TO ENDURE (Concluded from page 217) What strength and purpose those and camp. He made his way to it

stagnant green water. It was full of grandfathers of ours must have had! and found there a lone old Indian.

wrigglers and other crawling things, Twenty years old, just a boy by any He succeeded in making his plight but it was water. It would sustain standards of age, alone on the limitknown to the native, and humanity

his failing strength and perhaps enless desert, nothing nearer than the rose above suspicion. The old felable him to continue. He took off horizon, nothing friendly within low fed him on buffalo meat.

his ragged shirt and laid it in the sound or sight, his body protesting He stayed that night with the Inwater. Through it he drank deeply in agony against the abuse he had dian. By morning his natural vigor

and satisfyingly of the brackish given it, his mind clouded from exhad reasserted itself, and he was stuff, and his soul and body were haustion, George faced the uncertain somewhat recovered. He rose and

refreshed to the extent that he could day. One would have said that his prepared to take up his journey. Betake up his journey again. chances of survival were slim indeed, fore he left the Indian's camp, he

and they were. traded his rifle to the old man for

T3ut it was only a promise, and a Surprisingly that draught of hot two hundred pounds of dried meat.

false one. His thirst became blood gave him strength though it I don't know whether he carried it

worse and worse. All at once, in the did not ease the pains of the thirst all at once to his appointment with

haze of the distance, he saw someand shock of the body. After a while his friends on the Platte River. If

thing that took his attention to the the boy stumbled on, and before he did, it was a task worthy the powexclusion of all else. He came upon long he found a tiny trickle of waers of a Hercules. At any rate, he

a wounded buffalo with the coyotes ter. He fell to the earth and feverreturned to the men with his supply

tearing at its flesh. He built a fire ishly dug in the sand with his aching of provisions as he had said he

to keep the coyotes away since he fingers. A few moments later he had would. Two days later they came

had not strength to drive them off. a supply large enough to enable him upon the Rich company, hidden in

Then, driven to the extreme from to drink his fill. It was warm and the willows, thus accomplishing their

pain, thirst, and hunger, he cut an tasteless, and it did not quench the assignment.

incision in the dying beast and drank thirst, but it did refresh him, and he * * some of its blood. in time went on.

Instead of quenching his thirst, it Later his vision cleared, and he This is but one experience in the seemed to set him on fire inside. saw on the prairie an Indian wickiup life of George Pierce Billings.

SummnfL SdrwoL AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Will Begin Wednesday, June 11

Two Sessions Are Scheduled:

FIRST SESSION June 11—July 18

SECOND SESSION July 28—August 30

Students may attend either or both sessions

MAJOR ATTENTION WILL BE GIVEN TO GRADUATE WORK

AND TO REFRESHER COURSES FOR TEACHERS

Begins June 11 Ends August 30

Write for a catalog and for additional information

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

Hop on the magic carpet, don seven league boots—share with your child

"NEW WORLDS TO DISCOVER! MORE WONDERFUL THAN

ALADDIN'S LAMP."Crammed in the brilliant pages of this booklet,

there is great fun, instruction, entertainment, stimulation—wonderful

reading. AND IT'S FREE. No cost, no obligation whatever.

In pages taken directly from The Book of Knowledge—the great work

that answers your child's questions—this booklet appeals to youngsters

from preschool to high school ages, entertains with many quizquestions and answers, puzzles, tricks, games, recipes. When your child pleads

"read me a story"—what fun to browse in this free booklet! In bad

weather this booklet keeps hands and minds busy for hours. Delight your

child right now. Mail coupon for free copy.

HERE ARE JUST A FEW OF THE FEATURES

How an Atom Works One, Two, Buckle My Shoe

How to Pilot an Airplane Friends and Enemies

Conquerors All of Man Tempting Candy Recipes Lincoln's Gettysburg

Address How Things Are Measured Curiosities of Other Lands Birds, Butterflies, Fruit The Riddle of the Sphinx

How to Make Simple Drawings Wonders of Transportation

What is curiosity teaching your boy or girl? Curiosity is the best

teacher, so let your children ask as many questions as they like and be sure they are answered correctly. Discourage curiosity and

your bright boy or girl soon becomes indifferent. The precious gift

of interest, once lost, may never be regained. Are you staking your

child's future on the answers you alone can give him?

Parents of more than 4,000,000 boys and girls have placed

The Book of Knowledge in the hands of their children—not only for

its satisfying answers to curious questions, but for specific help in school work, hobby ideas, pastimes. Especially now when children

want more information than ever and parents are extra busy with new responsibilities, The Book of Knowledge fills a vital need in the home. MAIL THIS COUPON FOR YOUR CHILD'S FREE 36PAGE BOOKLET

world's one Because picture knowledge. of the galleryA of Knowledge Book picture The is overflowing ofis Knowledge words, thousand ten The Book worth

Street, 45th 2 West New York 19, N. Y. brilliant color in gravure illustrations, and 3,400 of them 15,000with

—what educators call "visual education in its finest form."There are children in my family, ages

Find out now what this great children's work will do for your child. You may send me free, and without obligation, the

Send for your free copy of the beautifully illustrated 36page booklet beautiful 36page booklet: "New Worlds to Discover!

"NEW WORLDS TO DISCOVER! MORE WONDERFUL More Wonderful Than Aladdin's Lamp,"taken

THAN ALADDIN'S LAMP."from the latest revision of The Book of Knowledge.

Parent's Name APPROVED BX onDr. childLouisgeniusM. Terman,says: "Ainternationalgoodly proportionauthorityof Address

OVER 1700 theto havegiftedbeenchildrenbroughtI haveupbeenon studyingThe Bookseemof City. Zone. State

Knowledge". Mail this coupon for beautiful

SCHOOL SYSTEMS 36page free booklet—-see for yourself.. Check here if you own The Book ofT. KnowledgeWO""< - J

APRIL 194'241

r the PERFECT 1 THE TEACHER AS COUNSELOR

Promotion Pay Gift angry (atConcludedfirst, butfromwhenpage 209the emoable.need forHowever,speech thereon theispartoftenof lessthe

tional winds'are calmed by time, counselor than he has anticipated.

they may change their views, so that For an individual to bring his questhey can be helped. Some individtions to a teacher and to formulate

uals need a shock to prepare them to him what he, as a student, thinks for the work of a counselor. This, to be the difficulty may be to find his

like corporal punishment, should be own answer. Often one person may

always the last resort. come to another, do all the talking,

then thank the one counseled for his 'any teachers may hesitate to unadvice. The fact that he does not

a fine BIBLE dertake the work of personal even know the counselor said is the nothing that evident help givenWith the N&tSOfldl'imprint selvesguidancelackingbecausein knowledgethey feel themas to in in creathe but words, was not

W* AUTHORIZED A%./*/ fto&ff how to interpret and evaluate contion of an atmosphere, in which the

skill in interpretaduct. Whatever for student, the first time, perhaps SINCE 18 63 AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

is tion can be developed able to solve his problems. most valuwas own

Frequently, all one needs is to say aloud to another human being the things he has kept pent up within

HEREVER you go, himself, for fear of disapproval or when farmers start talking mowcondemnation. To confess his diffiers, you'll find the John Deere No. 5 culty to one who will not condemn

"that's Power Mower in the spotlight. Never is infinitely helpful. To dare to feel

has a tractor mower held such top affection or love for another human priority in the choice of hay growers, being who does not exploit that feelmower measing a tractor to find has security for never the be and may the everything in completely first in ured up so one's time reacemotional that counts in fast, clean, lowcost tions.

mowing. One of the greatest contributions mower Working with any make of tractor, that can be made by the counselor to

the No. 5 mows from 2 5 to 3 5 acres any individual is his own faith that

per day—cuts "clean as a whistle"in life is worth the price one pays for

any crop, any field. Simple, durable it. In these days of "eat, drink, and forme!"and easy to attach or detach, it's a be merry"philosophy, and of optractor mower through and through. portunist action, people are sick for

Its flexible caster wheel and want of a reason for living that will and drawbar carriage, hinged call for the degree of heroism which resafety its foolproof lease features have been is intrinsically needed for spiritual fail to be summoned into copied by many but growth. To

equalled by none. Simple action is to miss the meaning of life.

adjustments permit keeping Youth in a rapidly changing world the No. 5 working like new need more than anything else interdown through the years. ests about which someone has convictions, as a point around which to

orient their problems. To be without

convictions is to be useless to another struggling for his own. I want to

make perfectly clear that this does

The strong, not mean imposition of one's conwell- braced victions upon another, but rather the frame... enmaturity of having thought far

closed drive which runs in oil... enough to have arrived at tentative

high, easy lifts... and accurately - conclusions, which are sound and

fitted, longlived cutting parts are adequate. It is most important to

other features that help make the emphasize, however, that the student

John Deere the best tractor mower must reach his own conclusions, money can buy. make his own decisions, and stand

See your John Deere on his own feet. This is the end and

for complete dealer all goal of guidance. as Just in edufxs*\ Deere John folder Free cation the his student has to do own MOLINE, reILLINOIS information.will upon be mailed learning, so counseling in personal

quest. the individual in the long run has to

answer his own questions.

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TO OUR FRIENDS IN THE NORTHWESTERN STATES—To All Latterday Saints and Others in Washington and Oregon—

The Deseret Book Company of Salt Lake City announces that these popular, widelyread books on Mormon personalities and events of pioneer days, are NOW AVAILABLE AT OUTSTANDING NORTHWESTERN BOOK

STORES AND IN DEPARTMENTS OF OTHER STORES.

wSweet Love Remembered"By HELEN CORTEZ STAFFORD One of today's most popular pioneer historical novels. Based upon the diary of a

great woman—one of the stalwarts among the settlers of the west—a wife of

Charles C. Rich, a leader among the intrepid band that crossed the plains and

mountains from Nauvoo to Salt Lake valley CJO 7C

"BEN THE WAGON BOY"—By Dr. Howard R. Driggs. Professor

Emeritus of English. New York University. A highly entertaining story of a lad

who made the long overland trek, driving one of the ox teams to Salt Lake and

Caliiornia - - - $1.50

"DENNIS AND THE MORMON BATTALION"By Mabel

Harmer. Another interesting, fastreading story of a boy who marched with the

historic battalion from the Missouri to the Pacific (IJO f\f\

"STORY OF THE MORMON PIONEERS"By Mabel Harmer. This complete story of the epic Journey

of the Pioneers and their settlement of western regions makes delightful reading 0O nn

THE ABOVE BOOKS AND OTHERS OF INTEREST ARE CARRIED IN STOCK BY THE FOLLOWING NORTHWESTERN DEALERS:

IN WASHINGTON: BONEoofcMARCHEDepartment, Seattle IN OREGON:

CARL K. WILSON THE J. K. GILL CO.

1511 Third Ave., Seattle HARRY HARTMAN, Bookseller Portland

FREDERICK & NELSON, Inc. ul3 Fifth Ave., Seattle

riook Department, Seattle MEIER & FRANK CO.

UNIVERSITY STORE BOOK Portland CO. & HANFORD LOWMAN Seattle 4326 University Way,

Ave., Seattle 1510 Second

PUGET SOUND NEWS CO. JOHN W. GRAHAM CO. OREGON NEWS CO.

1931 Second Ave., Seattle 707 Sprague Ave., Spokane Portland

myWff". ""iuaimju>****MUIMMu<M**AAWWWWWWWWIW,COUPON FOR MAIL

Write in on the line below the name and address of your nearest NORTHWESTERN DEALER AS LISTED ABOVE and mail this coupon

to that dealer.

Enclosed is $ Send the books checked above as advertised in "The Improvement Era."

Name Address

APRIL 1947 243.

W%WVATJW.WAVUW

yw?nir Miakllakt

mprovement &a IN CHURCH HISTORY

nucleus a the of April 1828, to which the company of month During gather. Pioneers could returned Harris from MartinSubscribers..

New York City where he had President Brigham Young and seen Professor Charles Anthon, and others left Winter Quarters, April

The ERA gives you much of commenced to write for Joseph 14. They joined the Pioneer Camp

the best current CHURCH its covSmith, who continued to translate near the Elkhorn River. Within LITERATURE.

16, 1847, the Pioneer ers you find each month aufrom the plates until June 14. On April

thoritative material written or Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery company was organized. It consisted

spoken by our Church leaders. met for the first time on Sunday, of 143 men, three women, and two

April 5, 1829. Oliver began acting children.

Has it occurred to you what as the Prophet's scribe the following The settlers in the Utah valley of theology, priceless gems gosTuesday. Later he was called by built a fort near the present site of downto-earth poetry and

pel you have in the yearby- revelation to be the Prophet's scribe. Provo, during the month of April

year volumes of this magaThe twentieth section of the Doc1849.

zine? trine and Covenants, on priesthood The first general epistle to the

and government, was received in Church was issued by the First PresWhy not preserve them for April 1830. idency, April 9, 1849.

reference and future your your The Church was organized April The twentyfirst annual general edification? children's We urge

you to do so. 6, 1830, with six people. conference of the Church convened

The first public discourse on the April 6, 1851, but was adjourned to

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound gospel was given by Oliver CowApril 7 because of rain. At the conference the to build a Saints voted 1830. April 11, Sunday,in durable, attractive, blue cloth dery, Presidsustained and a new baptized temple was Brigham Young

binding, stamped in gold $2.25 April 14, 1832, at Mendon, Monroe ing Bishop, Edward Hunter. The

each, plus postage. County, New York, by Eleazer Milpopulation of Utah was then about

ler. thirty thousand.

Ten or more volumes at one time The eightythird section of the The old tabernacle on Temple $2.00 each, plus postage. Doctrine and Covenants, concernSquare was dedicated April 6, 1852.

ing the rights of women and chilThe cornerstones of the Salt Lake

Bring them in or mail them to us dren, was received April 30, 1832. Temple were laid April 6, 1853. The

NDW! JosephThe visionSmith ofandtheOliverSaviorCowdery,came to later.building was dedicated forty years

April 3, 1836, in the Kirtland Temple. This vision was followed by ("Governor Alfred Cumming and

visitations from Moses, Elias, and Colonel Thomas L. Kane left

Elijah, bestowing upon them their Fort Scott, Wyoming, for Salt Lake keys of the priesthood. (D. & C. City April 5, 1858. On April 19,

110.) Governor Cumming saw for himself

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City The cornerstones of the Nauvoo that the court records had not been

Temple were laid April 6, 1841. destroyed, as charged.

At the conference held April 6, The first Pony Express from the

April in Salt City arrived Lake West declared the whole the Prophet 1 844, HOTEL LANKERSHIM first Express 7, 1860. Pony The 7th America was and South t IROA0WAY of North

9. arrived April from the East RATES MODERATE

in Los Headquarters Anodes Zion. L D. in Salt conference held Operator R. WISHON FRANKS. A special

RAY H. BECKETT. Mananer Lake City April 10, 1865, voted to

all kings to the LOS ANGELES "A proclamation erect line through the a telegraph TWO PERSONS - ONE CHAIGE"Presito the of the world, and settlements of Utah.

dent of the United States"was isThe gallery of the Salt Lake Tabsued by the Twelve Apostles, April ernacle was finished in April 1870.

IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS 6, 1845. The temple site at Manti was dediAids in treatment of Canker, simple Garden Grove, one of the temcated by President Brigham Young,

sore throat and other minor mouth porary settlements in the trek west, April 25, 1877. Cornerstones of the

and throat irritations. was established April 24, 1846. building were laid April 14, 1879.

City's Hall Lake miles out on Salt from four Assembly QuarWinterHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah Apostle Heber C. Kimball moved The first public meeting in the 4, 1880. April 1 847. 5, Square ters, April he formed was There Temple

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Proprieties in Prayer PRESIDENT SMITH'S FIRST MISSION

(Concluded from page 214) ( Continued from page 208 7 o'clock after a good night's rest on a all night. whistled bed. wind just The the opening of meetings, as letter suchTn from Lucy. I read it by the light of strawI Barton, Stephen wood. chopped some Met

the fire. the conferences, brother should others. counselor, bishop's the a few and

at glance one take thought and in The last day of the month of SepHadHelpeda chickenThomasdinner,Jones andhaulsuchand a stackchicken!up situationthe to ask and the Lord

to loads Mother. Went was spent by the missionaries two of grain. Wrotebless us according to what the meettember

a fine meeting organization the and had to in Paragoonah.ing is.

time. Snowing.

In dismissing, we should ask the Paragoonah, Sept. 30th, '91. Arose at (To be continued)

blessings of the Lord upon the congregation, and what has been said, and commit ourselves to the care of the Lord.

It is not necessary to offer very long and tedious prayers, either at opening or closing. It is not only not

pleasing to the Lord for us to use excess of words, but also it is not pleasing to the Latterday Saints. Two

minutes will open any kind of meeting, and a half minute will close it.

We ought to take into account the occasion, and let the prayer be suited exactly to it. Sometimes our habits

may control us more strongly than the Spirit of the Lord, so we should consider these things. Offer short

prayers, and avoid vain repetitions, particularly the repetition of the name of Deity, and the name of the

Savior. It is quite common to open

a prayer in the name of Jesus Christ, to close it in his name, and possibly use his name a few times through the prayer. If we approach

the Father, and offer our petitions to him, and then close in the name of

Jesus Christ, it is sufficient. There is

no prayer so great and important that it is necessary to use more than once the name of the Son of God and of the Father.

And let this be a neverforgotten lesson to the young men in Israel, and to all others, that whenever an elder stands up to speak to the peoFor longer car life, ple, all hearts of those who have offer a shall up faith in the gospel drive in at the his bless asking silent prayer, God to servant with the Holy Spirit. Avoid praying to be seen or heard PEP88VICO

of men, but let your prayers be unto the Lord. If you pray to open a sign meeting, one propriety is to speak

loud enough for all to hear. And the

same when the sacrament is administered.

Understand the proprieties in Utah Oil Refining Co.

prayer, and shun the improprieties.

APRIL 1947 245

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

for be lookedDrink Ward Youth Leadership ture of the boy( 1 ) ( inanda studygirl ); of( 2the) inna-a

in of society of the kind which Outline of Study study in of and, he lives; a study how (3)

(Concluded from page 236) this human nature of his finds expresgospel? Why do they steal, damage sion in society—in the world about him.

illustrate. this in year Last Let us property, drive recklessly, run away,FiCGO it that people out was pointed smoke, drink, irregular manifest and sex column FREE FROM CAFEINE behavior? have certain needs or urges which must

find classified expression. be They may first consider us Let some answersYou will enjoy this delicious, healthful ) activity, as of a feeling belong- (2) ( 1 which the not question do answer in ahot free beverage from the stimulants to of people, ingness a group and (3) helpful way. forcondemned years leading by medical others. recognition approval from and

men. contains FICGO no caffeine

girls, delinquent or and whether nor False and Misleading Answers Boysharmful oils normally in coffee. found not, all are trying these have needs and

Nature'sOnly fruits treasured of sun satisfy them. to are persons boys and girls bad. born cenSome and 1. Some For

soil into go delightful FICGO, a blend turies people believed that fun, peoexcitement, learned to some have have finestof the selected ovenroasted barley criminally inclined, born that ple were friendship, love, to adventure, win and treeripened California figs. they had peculiarly shaped heads. This esteem, and recognition by doing socialYou recognize the benefits who of of point sane has view refuted wholly been things. ly constructive acceptable They

eating drinking criminologists. and will True, delight in perthe by some satisfaction friendship, play, get of out

are sons born flavorsavory with handicaps, of this such caffeinewholesome, delinlove, not are and work. They as feeblemindedness glandularfree and hot drink with meals. your Mothers, quent. disturbances, indirectly which conmaytoo, praise for children, FICGO love who the boys Other and same tribute to delinquent behavior. People girls—with it particularly these cold winter days. their basic of human much are born, not criminal however, with nature—getProven 20 of by years popularity, FICGO mischief, traits activity doing adventurous character; of by the into come wecan be freely recommended healthas a with labeled, world faculty "for no one defying custom. and law win They by

ful for drink children and alike. grownups crime."daring the things doing esteem by

is to devil peculiar The blame. The the give approval them which and com- H. BALLIF, LEONARD President 2.

is thing the devil can't about that we gang. of the panionship California Ficgo Company is at get him; there elimito no way adults as leaders of and we When Los Angeles, California nate directly. crush or him must He

learn help can to youth boys and how operate through only men. can We

girls find living, real adventurous warm, in terms meet of experience, him human so it is not particularly helpful to human companionship, and achievement blame him or to try to attack him diand selfesteem in constructive channels, rectly, we shall have eliminated juvenile For Your 3. The home is to blame. In a sense this delinquency.

is true. All authorities on the subject Space does not permit further discusis say delinquency that more caused sion of causes this month. We shall neglect, CENTENNIAL by lack poor of example, and

suggest solutions in ensuing months. LIBRARY... othertrainingfactor.in theHowever,home thanwe as byleadersany bring them up more specifically and

of rest youth simply cannot blaming by THUMBNAIL SKETCH OF MORQuestions: for the delinquency. things home Other MONISM $ 1. of the following assumptions Which church, interests, C. Marba commercial Josephson i.00—school, should on: People work (1) are born we especially government, youth's and SAGEBRUSH AND WAGON good; are others, born bad; good; some (2) this in share responWHEELS $1.00 associates—also

all are desires people with born and (3) S. Dustin Edna.'. sibility. Moreover, to help are if we

which in unwholemay be expressed the in urges successful and be more home BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE ways? in wholesome some or our. homes, discover COLONIZER own we must $3.00

Milton R. Hunter what situations in family life today 2. Illustrate wherein parents sometimes

UTAH—THE STORY OF HER encourage juvenile delinquency. fail to help children satisfy their need for

PEOPLE ( 2 ) love and Milton R. Hunter $2.75 ( 1 ) adventuresome activity,

EXODUS OF MODERN ISRAEL..$1.00 True Causes of Delinquency companionship,ognition. (3) and approval and recCompiled by N. B. Lundwall

can the of youth leaders the 3. What Juvenile apdelinquency—whether It's easy to buy from Bookcraft conditions ward do to influence in the home girl's prehended or or a boy's not—is favorably? failure or inability to act in a manner

for does our 4. Wherein ward program acceptable to and approved society by

real fail to provide adventure and 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah at large. It results boy's not youth from a

FILL OUT AND MAIL desiring and not living in harmony with action for adolescents?

BOOKCRAFT the laws and established customs of 5. Do we teach religion in terms of what

1186 a South do boy cannot Main, Salt Lake or can do? Which is City 4, lives. Utah the people he Most with whom

Please the send in his dominant mind? books checked below:

in origin their laws and customs have of Sketch A Thumbnail Mormonism..$1.00

Sagebrush....$1.00 revelation, in and and the experiences Wheels Wagon and References the Young, $3.00 Colonizer of the race. Since wisdom boys and Exodus Israel $1.00 Modern the Adolescent, Guiding D Brigham a pamphlet

of Story Utah—theof Her $2.75 People girls are society, of they members and printed States Children's Bureau, by United Payment enclosed Send C.O.D.

O Send complete book list. others experience a "rough"time of it Washington 25, D.C., is available free of

Name their behavior for the when asking. violates social and charge

Address., religious and principles. laws Psychology and the New Education, by

The basic causes of delinquency must Pressey and Robinson, Harper Brothers, 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Aaronic Priesthood

New York, has some excellent chapters to help lis understand human nature. Odds Are in Your Favor

Bishop: Use a blackboard to list major

ideas in this lesson. Find time for a thorif you own a DEMON RODENT GUN

oughgoing discussion.

most talked of tool ever built for using

CARBON BISULPHIDECommemoraHngAaronic

Priesthood Restoration RODENT CONTROL

( Concluded from page 236 in either disappointments are the use of nosort controlling for chemical or of outdoor celebration wherever theThere the ground gun practical. prairie squirrels, gophers moles, and dogs—it

never fails. Not injurious to crops—nonlivestock. to grazing Sacrament Meeting Program poisonous 209P Ask for circular May 18 explaining everything.

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER The sacrament meeting of May 18, Division of Stauffer Chemical Company 1947, has been officially set aside for 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 the presentation of the annual program commemorating the restoration of the

Aaronic Priesthood. Bishops are urged

to reserve this meeting for the Aaronic

Priesthood and to avoid any interference with this arrangement. In stakes

where quarterly conferences are held on this date, the Aaronic Priesthood program should be conducted the following week, including any events to be held on Saturday.

The sacrament meeting program is Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

not being outlined this year, as in the past. It is desired that bishops call their

Aaronic Priesthood leaders into session and plan their own program in the light of local circumstances and possibilities.

Stake committees are again urged to Just taste that follow through with the wards, so that \x this program is not overlooked in anyinstance. j* %

It is suggested that the theme direct J attention to the restoration of the

Aaronic Priesthood and to the centen-

<-nial year 1947. An appropriate pageant.

commemorating these events would be commendable. If a pageant is presented,

however, the stake committee and the bishopric should carefully go over it to see that it is in full harmony with

Church doctrines and standards. Aaronic Priesthood choruses should be especially brought into the program. Aaronic

Priesthood members should act as ushers, administer the sacrament, and furnish the entire program. The bishop WATE

should preside as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood with the conducting m v*ay officer to be designated by the bishop.

m Moke all for details the cele- *e of The leaving *a*. *. aV:-uy,us. bfUC bration committees stake conta."to and. ward 2*..tf, b*l 'com rjMK"wit and local for opportunity provides ample

expression and choice in programs. Any co*fff

unusual features should be brought to Cinch the attention of the Presiding Bishopric YOUR A* for the information of other workers throughout the Church.

APRIL 1947 247 HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED ( Continued fcom page 211) portunity was there. The elements serted, into a land of great goodness,

The new land which they had enof a livestock industry were there, of much incipient wealth.

tered was full of opportunities. mountain grazing in the summer, Thrift did not end for the pioneers

To single out one as an example: desertgrazing in the winter. Thrift with the care of possessions and the

The desert, beyond irrigation opcommands the prompt use of opuse of opportunities. There were

portunities, looked bleak and barportunities. other phases of thrift which were of

ren, and was usually free from snow. even greater importance in the buildYet upon it grew a sparse growth of As the pioneers became better acing of the pioneer state.

nutritious plants. The mountains quainted with their land, more relooked forbidding; but in summer, on sources to be developed were disHThe possessions of man, called

mountain, in ravine and canyon was covered. They had been led by a wealth, have only one real

a lush growth of plants. The ophigher power, as they staunchly assource. Wealth comes from man's

use of the elements of nature. The

toiler was given acclaim, but for the idler there was no honorable place in pioneer society. In the Salt Lake '.'- City Fourth of July celebration of

1869, the order of procession may Get the Loader that well be pondered. After the band

and military officials, the procession was divided into the many trades and professions of the territory—the real

makers of pioneer prosperity. Farmers, architects, the mechanics union, GIVES#<w*MOREw plasterers, merchants, millers, ink

and matchmakers, and so on through a list of thirtynine trades and professions. The laborer, the real pro-

...-- ducer of wealth, walked proudly by

the side of examples of his skill.

In the soil lay the elements of * '..-f 1*'''"''""Wlf plant production. There they had

lain for centuries before the coming *4 of the pioneers. Only when at last

man applied his intelligence and % n strength to the slumbering elements did they awake and yield wealth.

The rushing mountain stream had wasted its power throughout the lost years. When man dammed the

stream and led the water to the FEATURES quiet millpond, its harnessed power turned mill of the wheels and facAT NO EXTRA COST being produced. tory. Wealth was

Get these EXTRAS in convenience, ease of operation, greater The limestone deposit was but a usefulness, and economy when YOU buy a loader. When you part of the mountain side, valueless,

choose get all these you a COATS, added features, at no more until man by his effort dug it out and than you'd loader: pay for an ordinary

in burned it. as lime, Then, used Telescoping stronger, Frame, permits load X "Miracle"and other indusin many pickup within of front few inches wheel; puts less building 30%

weight on front end, less pull on rear axle. tries, it became wealth.

Will enter and load in barn or shed with clearance. 2 T

Cable prohibits arrangement twist frame matter The same principle may be apno 3 where load is positioned. plied to the multitudinous sources of

clutch; Tapered cone wood no slip, no 4 bind. wealth. There is no other ultimate control; Automatic bucket prevents swinging. 5

6 Fingertip control; one lever raises, lowers, dumps bucket way to wealth. Since human energy

from driver's seat. applied to natural resources pro-

7 Three feet loading clearance. duces wealth, it follows as night the

Fits tractor. any rowcrop buck, Hay snow bucket attachments day, that the degree of energy apfit loader bucket. Strongest factory guarantee of any loader on

the market. Ask your dealer today about this loader which gives plied determines the amount of

you MORE, or write for free circular NOW. wealth. Man with intelligence,

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO. strength,can at willandregulatetime atthehis productioncommand,

OGDEN, UTAH of wealth. Strength applied for an

hour will produce onehalf as much

How the Desert Was Tamed SUMMER SCHOOL wealth as if the energy were applied at the time becomes hours. Man'stwo of L.D.S. Business College... value. Thrift beginsimmeasurable

there. A delightful and profitable "vacation rr

The man who intelligently uses his strength and time well, of necesFrom every standpoint—tradition, experience, equipment, teaching

sity, secures large possessions. Such staff, employment service—the L. D. S. Business College is a leader

a man is an industrious man. Indus-... the right school for your business education.

try is but a high expression of thrift.

Full program of commercial subjects, for either beginners or advanced Industry was given honor among pioneers. They taught in resounding students. Day and evening sessions.

phrases that man must not waste his Write or call for further information.

time or strength; he must ever be industrious, whether with material,

mental, or spiritual values. Such an L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

industrious man would never want. 70 North Main Salt Lake City I. Utah Tel. 3-2765

With industry as a watchword, Attend the L. D. S.—opposite Temple Square—during Utah's Centennial.

without crying or whimpering, the pioneers subdued the desert and made it serve them. Without industhetry desert would have driven "Cookbook back.them

The requirement of industry was of the

It increased their them. blessing toa

It invincibility to Century"strength. gave

their efforts. It laid the foundations Angie Earls

for a race of mighty people.

Out of all this came a conditionlongingly hoped for by multitudes. LIDN HOUSE

There were no poor. If need arose,as shown earlier, they who had RECIPES

would give to those who had not. Secrets that have made Lion House

The pioneer enterprise was common cooking famous. Now you can

to all, and it weakened if anyone have these tasty, wholesome dishes were allowed to suffer. But the prinin your own home!

ciples behind "Waste not, want $2. 00

not,"involving thrift in all possessions, even those of the mind and * * * spirit, in practice made poverty impossible. In fact, there were no poorFAMILY ETERNAL

for the aged amonghouses or homes By Hoy A. West 'fttitwi'Tnike able family the pioneers. was Every

to take care of its own and was hapReference book for Relief Society "Social Science"lessons. $2.25py in doing so. Mail orders promptly filled. SAYS

{ To be continued) Company,"Recentlyonetheof theNewmontnation's Mininglarger mining companies, announced its intention of developing certain mineral ground in Utah. We should encourage more outside capital to BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main Salt Lake City 4. Utah takeresources.a handForin developmenteach dollar ofof ourore

produced. 90c stays in Utah."Why?

(Concluded from page 200) through this medium, if people shut DELICIOUS ROASTED NUTS off their radios when murder stories Mixed in NitrogenPacked Cans came on the air. At the rate these ALMONDS—CASHEWS—PECANS

unwholesome programs are increasIf your DealerBRAZILS—FILBERTScannot supply you send $7.20

ing they will soon drive out the realfor 12 cans and we will ship postpaid to any ly worthwhile ones. This is an applace in continental TJ. S.

P. RITCHIE CO. HARRY 12 METAL MINING INDUSTRY peal to parents as well as to writers, 333 Los Angeles E. 2nd St.,

producers, and all those concerned. OF UTAH

APRIL 1947 249 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 213) ly. "The new owners moved into our buckets and tubs swung along the

thinks it is risky, knowing no more house today,"she said, trying to sides of every wagon.

about it than we do, to change our keep back the tears. Dawn broke, a dull gray day

course."Again Kumen's arms caressed her. heavy with clouds. President Silas

"I can't figure out what kind of an "Close your eyes, Mary, darling. S. Smith reined in his horse and

opening there is in the ledge,"AraTight as you can! See, there are watched the caravan take shape:

bella said, joining in the conversastars of your own making. That's Two hundred and eighty people,

tion. "One time this young Collett the way it will be in San Juan. We'll eighty wagons, one hundred teams,

called it a crack, and the next time have a house of ten rooms, and one thousand head of cattle, and a it was a hole."there'll be lights in every one of band of loose horses! The first team

'Yes,"Mary added, "and the end them!"pulled out, then a second, a third,

of it is a jumpoff!"That was his answer. Kumen had and soon the whole sixmile-long

"Well,"Kumen said with finality, not been swayed by her plea, and procession was in motion, with Silas "it has been decided that we go she was glad. Though his heart S. Smith and George B. Hobbs, the

the Escalante way, so there is nothtugged as fiercely as her own, he lead scout, at its head.

ing to do about it, except to be as would not turn from his duty.

prepared for emergencies as we Kumen opened the gate, and they ressed in a new, closefitting can. went up the dark little path to the buckskin jacket, homespun trou-

"This is where we turn off,"Standoor. sers and broadbrimmed hat, George

ford said. "Good night."* * * Hobbs was inordinately proud of

"I'll run over and bring you that himself and the imposing company.

extra crock of butter, Mary,"Ara- [ ong before there was the faintest Silas Smith was dressed in the same bella called as she and Stanford morning light, teams, wagons, frayed suit he had worn on the turned the corner. "I simply can't and stock were moving. The smell scouting trip to San Juan. In the

get another thing into my wagon!"of frosted squash and tomato vines few weeks that he had been back

Kumen and Mary paused at the came in from the fields, balsam and from that neverto-beforgotten trip gate of Sage Treharne's house. It cedar from the hills. A low wind into a land so wild and vast that few

was silent and dark, a spectre house swept the valley floor, rustling the men knew it, he had been too busy with square staring eyes. parchment cornhusks that littered getting his main company together,

"I wish Mother could come with the yards after an abundant harvest. to bother about clothes. Heedless,

us, Mary,"Kumen sighed. "I don't Cottonwood leaves scratched the now, of his wife's chagrin at his reknow how I'll do without her. She's wagon covers and piled against the fusal to dress up and look like a

been Father, Mother, and home to wagon wheels as they crunched the president, calmly at ease and satisme for all of my life."gravel road. The trek to San Juan fied with the fruits of his labors, he

"And she's done a wonderful job had begun! surveyed the straggling line.

of it, too,"Mary said. "I think she In a grassy slope at the base "We'd better tighten up the line,

would live longer if she could be with of a cliff a mile north of town, George,"he said. "Anything could

you."the wagons from New Harmony happen to a train as long as this.

"She decided right from the first waited, having assembled the night I'm going back along the line. Keep

news of the call that she would stay before. Huddled in misshapen a sharp eye till things settle down!"

here and be buried beside Father. groups, their covers undulating in At Mary's wagon, he called:

There isn't much you can say the wind, looking like dark sleeping "Keep a steady gait, Mrs. Jones.

against that."camels breathing in regular rhythm, You'd better get in close to your faMary was silent, considering how they rested. Dozens of small fires ther's outfits."

to comfort him. "Will you be glad were lighted, and glowed along the Galloping along the line of wagto get started, Kumen?"she asked, cliff against which they were kindled, ons which were followed by the

presently aware of the silence. deepening the shadowed outlines in longer line of stock, he noted with

Kumen turned her roughly toward front of them to silhouettes. The satisfaction that, regardless of the

him. "Will you?"he countered. October air was heavy with frost. gray day which some said augured

Mary's heart raced. She closed The five men of the Redd and Pace ill, the company was a happy one.

her eyes; holding the moment befamilies stood with their backs to the Riding back to the lead again, he

tween them. Kumen didn't want to fires and watched the Cedar City slowed his pace beside Arabella's

go! Would he refuse the call if she company roll in. There was not wagon, following along behind the

asked him to? She closed her fists much talk, for each man gave specuone Mary drove. The Cedar City

against his arms and plunged into lative attention to the newcomers. company, now evenly paced and

hot, excited speech. "Kumen, your There was the confusion of bawling moving steadily toward Parowan,

mother will die if you leave her! Look stock, barking dogs, and shouting was in a gay and contagious mood.

at the house, dark and lonely. It's men. The women were silent, exStaid as he usually was,, Silas felt

so still it's ominous!"cept for an occasional plaintive exhilarated that he was head of such

Kumen searched her face with scolding of overly excited children a company.

anxious eyes, trying to see her eyes and wailing babies. Filling the har- "Sing, Arabella!"he cried. "Sing

in the dim light. His arms relaxed ried pauses came the creak of wheels your San Juan song!"

from about her, and he turned away. and harness leather, and the clank Arabella stood up in her wagon,

Mary's heart cried out rebelliousof chains against the rattle of tin steadying herself against Stanford's 250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It required the skill of every horseHole In The Rock man along the line to keep the herds shoulder, faced the oncoming wagfrom bolting in all directions. But

ons and began to sing: by early afternoon, as the train

reached Parowan, nineteen miles to

Oh, we're on the road again, Pioneering women and men, the northeast, the tension was brokOn the trail for old San Juan! en, and stock and teams moved in

We don't know where it lays, more orderly procession along the TANG\ADDS SAUCYBut it takes a lot of days, rough, pioneer roads. And on the

So we'll hit the wagon trail morning of the fourth day, the long, FLAVOR TO SEAFOODS, be gone.And SALAD S, SAN DWICHES

the east, then! To the east, men! straggling train pulled into PanTo

Carry on! guitch, where a big celebration

Though our wagon wheel may squeak awaited them.

And our water barrels leak, "Three important figures will join

We'll keep the trail to old San Juan!

It's far off the beaten track, the mission, here,"Captain Smith

And we never will come back, told George Hobbs, as they rode into

But we'll find our El Dorado town. "They are scouts of outstandJuan.In San ing Sevy, George caliber—George

the east, then! To the east, men!To Morrell, and John Butler."

Carry on! "That makes us a little heavy on

At the refrain the whole Cedar the Georges, doesn't it, Silas?"

City company joined in, for they had Hobbs laughed.

sung the song at parties and in meet- "Emphasizing a good thing alings since Arabella had first written ways helps,"Silas assured him.

it, following the call to settle San "Still, I have the feeling that you'll

Juan. They sang it with gusto, again be my 'everpresent help in time of

and again, and soon the entire wagon trouble.'"

train was singing. George looked at Silas thought-

"Oh, it's wonderful!"cried Mary, fully. Was Silas worrying about

as Kumen rode up beside her wagon. this new route? There might be no

"It's like the Children of Israel in the cause for. alarm, but behind all that

wilderness!"was said was a note of uncertainty.

"It is!"Kumen agreed. "But I Stanford Smith was the only one

hope it won't take as forty years to who had openly expressed dissatisreach our Promised Land. We're faction, but it was plain that others

outfitted for just six weeks!"felt uneasy, too. With the Escalante

"We'll obey our leaders and not Mountains to cross, a divide of have to wander around like the 9,000 feet, they certainly should

Children of Israel did,"Mary said, have had an earlier start. Snow on

laughing. a divide that high would be discour-

"See that you remember that,"aging, to say the least.

Kumen joked. "As I recall it, you But, three days later, the crossing

were as stiffnecked as any wilderof the divide proved to be no barrier ness child when you found we'd at all. The sky had cleared, and the

called."been delightful. weather and was warm reunounhound "I didn't know how really imporoak-lined the down They clattered

then. This is an was,tant the call beautiful Escalante of the road IS BEST! sight,inspiring Kumen."singing Mountain, Juan the San

trip,"fivehundred-mile "It's a brilliant scarf of song. autumn The arrivals daily Frequent, convenient

fact a that's said. we "AndKumen Indian the land. departures flung and to by Greyhound any upon An

of. I wish track lose not we wasmust let in America and you like fairy come floated mist smoke point summer

could have started a month earlier."over the distant desert they soon go as you please.

both of them looked Involuntarily must cross. Regardless of the trip you have the sky.at

it's "I'll miles, ride Stansee 20 200 and back how planned—whether honey,"clouds, "It's with banked

is miles or 2,000 Silas. is told ford coming,"George miles—Greyhound reassuring- said, then addedKumen the easy, comfortable, economical cast his a lithorses shoe of a "One it's as going,ly, we're "but where go. local to your Overland Ask way if I'll it's getting tle see ago. while Dixie."our aswarm infor Greyhound complete Agent lame."

T-Je waved, then turned and rode "Stanford is a fine, dependable formationand frequentaboutschedules.low roundtrip fares

back to his place with the stock. fellow, George. I wish he could feel

Most of the drivers were young men better about this change in our route. OVER LAN D '

their teens,in and right now they I is good, His judgment and can't G R EYH OUND full Bunching, of trouble.were should thinks it redisregard we He

fusing to budge, milling by turns, the have gone over the route ourselves, OperatedUNION byPACIFICINTERSTATESTAGES.TRANSITINCORPORATEDLINES and

stock bellowed and pawed defiance. (Continued on page 252)

APRIL 1947. 251

Hole In The Rock {Continued from page 251) before starting out with a company of men, women, and children. But, /(WWWp under the circumstances, there was

little else we could do. The Church

Authorities accepted Bishop Schow's report, and advised an early fall start feato as the time most suited to the conditions of the country and climate to &2y?f which we are going."Blazing the Trail to a "For most men, that's enough,"

Better Combine Harvest shareGeorgeStanford'ssaid. "Butuneasiness.I admitItthatcouldI

be that the people of Escalante, mindful of what such a road, if successfully built, could mean to their town, have done some wishful thinking."

"Which is only human,"Silas reminded him. George agreed, and

turned back to meet Stanford Smith.

"Well, we are nearing the foot,"he said sociably, as Stanford pulled up beside him. "See that sight down

there, will you!"

Through an opening in the trees gleamed the instruments of a brass band. "For the love of cats!"Stanford

exclaimed. "They've come twenty

miles to meet us!"He spat at a lizard

that was sunning on a rock beside the road. "You scored a tall one, that time!

Square on the tail end!"Stanford

laughed. "And speaking of sights,

# Success of the first Case "Prairie"combine in 1922 set the that's a mighty pretty setting for a pattern of combine harvesting as we know it today. Into that town, down there!"

early machine went the experience of 80 years in threshing, "It doesn't take much to persuade separating cleaning all kinds seeds of and and grains in all the you to be a Christian,"Stanford earth. the capacity as then, corners of the Today, of a combine,

I its ability to cope with difficult conditions, and the percentscoffed. "I shake down harder.

age of the crop that it saves, all depend on those same three still think this is a fool venture!"

things—threshing, separating, and cleaning. "I'm not averse to saving four

Where farmers have used combines longest and know them hundred miles of road building,"best... where grain of tough varieties or in tough condition George answered. "This way may

has to be harvested... where fine, light seeds or fragile beans be harder, but it's certainly a lot

or peas present their special problems... in fact, wherever shorter."

demands on a combine are most exacting, there the 6-foot Case "If we get through!"Stanford ex-

"A"demands the highest respect. claimed. "When I think of the road

To save your crops more surely and handle your harvest crews, the implements, the dynamite more swiftly, plan now to have a Case combine. Count on Case it's going to take—

ENDURANCE for low upkeep and extra years of combine life. "Dynamite?"George interrupted.

"What makes you think we'll need

While production is in full that?"

swing on the "A"combine, "Because we are going into a thousands of farmers want them. country of almost solid rock. I've

catalog; also Write for combine

mention size and type of tractor, been told it's the only way we'll implements, hay machines, etc., knockft down the ledges in front of

you may need, and see your Case us.

dealer. Ask for free booklet

"Advanced Farm Practices"and "The people of Escalante have new soil conservation booklet volunteered to furnish road crews "Strips and Curves."J. I. Case and guides for the trip,"George reCo., Dept. C-46, Racine, Wis. minded him.

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

They were to travel east and south "I'm convinced that Bishop Schow

Hole In The Rock across the Escalante desert to the is wellmeaning and sincere in his "We'll need more than road crews Colorado River gorge. In the tworecommendations to you, Silas,"

and guides before we get out of this thousandfoot ledge was a crack, George answered. "If his judgment

venture,"Stanford growled. "I'm as extending the entire length of the proves faulty, it will be no more than

willing to do my duty as any man. ledge, down to the river. This, they has happened to men before. He

And I know that Bishop Schow said, could be easily widened to may be blind to the uncertainties means well. But I honestly think he admit wagons and stock. ahead, through his fervent desire to

has been illadvised.""Easy, my britches!"Stanford help his own town and people."

"There has been a meeting called thought angrily. "Nothing concern- "That's a far stretch ahead,"Silas

for tonight, Stanford,"George said. ing the Colorado is easy!"answered. "One can hardly realize

"Once we all get together and talk that suddenly there'll be an end to it, things over, I'm sure we'll feel betHThe meeting broke up. The memand we'll have to drop two thousand

ter about it. See you at the celebrabers of the company hurried to feet. Not knowing that the earth is

tion!"he called, and rode ahead to their camps to make last minute round, Columbus'sailors must have

rejoin Silas Smith. preparations for the next lap of their felt an unmitigated fear!"

journey. Here was the last stop for

Tn Escalante, Stanford went from food; the last store, the last blackGeorge looked at Silas, grinning a

man to man over the town, asking smith shop. The last friends! Here slow appreciative grin.

for information about the break in was the last heartwarming hospital- "Something like the way we'll feel the Colorado River ledge that Bishity they would know in years to come when we hit that ledge out there!"

feet!op Schow and the young scout,—perhaps ever, and they must make he chuckled. "Two thousand

James Collett, had talked of. the most of it. It was like leaving The ocean couldn't [eel any deeper.

At last, more convinced than ever home a second time, to say goodBut, Silas, they only discovered the live with them."that the company was heading for bye to the good people of Escalante. Indians. We have to

trouble, he went toward the bonfire Bishop Schow stood with Silas "Endless room for thought!"Silas

where the singing and speechmak- Smith, deep in conversation, until exclaimed. "Endless!"He scanned

ing was going on. the last preparation was made, and the far distance, and there was no

The bonfire centered the town the line was formed, ready to start. smile on his face.

square. On one side of it stood Then they shook hands. ( To be continued

George Hobbs, watching the crowd "I'll follow, shortly, Brother while the speeches were being made. Smith,"Bishop Schow said. "Until iiiiiiEaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicsiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiinc

He had whittled a long stick to then, God bless you and your peoshreds. Watching him, Stanford ple."

saw that his knife strokes were The company had traveled three ROHBOCK'SEXCLUSIVE GROWERS OF ALLSONSORIGINAL

The and uneven.sharp miles young or four before and George DIENER RICHARD NURSERY "Once scout, Collett, was talking. fell Silas, riding side along by side, Seeds, Plants Bulbs and

you get across the river,"he exinto conversation. U.S.A. UTAH, OREM, claimed, "it'll be easy sailing from "Well, George, what do you think FREE CATALOGUE WRITE FOR

there to San Juan!"of things?"Silas asked. ]|||||||lilllE3IIIIIIIIIIIIC3llll]lllllll[3IIIIIIIIIIIIC3llllll

George's jaw set in a contemptuous line. He'd heard enough to know

that no one knew much, or anything, about the way to San Juan, once the

Colorado was left behind. And almost as little about the fabulous WURLITZERProudly Presents

crack that had been so talked of. It

was a shortcut, all right, but, as for being easy, that remained to be seen. The WURLITZER ORGAN

"This road,"Collett was talking "MUSIC'S RICHEST VOICE"still, "will make over this neglected FIDELITY AND VARIETY OF TONE part of our state. We can trade with A.G.O. SPECIFICATIONS

each other and be absolutely selfMINIMUM SERVICE REQUIREMENTS sustaining!"EASILY INSTALLED IN CHURCH OR HOME

"It all sounds very entertaining,"BEAUTIFUL IN APPEARANCE

Stanford said, coming up to George. EASY TO PLAY

face of George's muscle Not a his knife was still. moved. Even "If TheseALL 20"andadvantagesmany otherin featuresthe organdescribedyou buy.in the circular "GET

not feasible,"he added. "I'm going SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.—47DirectWestinquiriesFirst South,to Salt Lake City 1, Utah

back to camp."or THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER CO.. No. Tonawanda. N. Y.

At the last campfire meeting beNOTE: Seldon N. Heaps, well known organist will demonstrate the Wurlitzer for

fore resuming their march, the misconference visitors. We invite you to see Mr. Heaps, Organ Division Manager.

sion company received a more deof tailed account the new route—an account. SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. fatally erroneous almost

APRIL 1947 253.

and sung Brighton) composed a song comLiverpool of our leaving and A MidAtlantic memorative STOP APHIDS! other circumstances in connexion with our

other sucking And certain insects which Celebration voyage, which brought him enthusiastic fruit foliage, and flowers. damage

{Concluded from page 216) bursts of applause from all the company.

marshall, festival. as acted for Elder Finch Suggestions daylong BLACK the of day. ceremonies A vesselto orderspokenthe LEAF 40treat- a program had been made by one these pests a "doublebarrel gives

ment"—which penetrateIt kills by contact;the densestalso byfoliage.fumes of the counselors, Elder John Lyon with.

Little Way"Goes "A A Long—One of Glasgow, known to all as "the

Leaf 6 gallons 40 makes of Black ounce After April 6th, favorable winds Taylor celebrated poet"John whom aphidspray. of effective

to follow seemed and fair weather packages in factorysealed Buy only Zion,"of and had called "Harp to insure full strength. later the International. found A week of verse appeared had book whose

her sailing by the edge of the Gulf shortly before, "for the benefit of Dies DOUBLE DUTY the Perpetual Emigrating Fund."Stream. Meetings could be held in

air quarterdeck, on the the open IV a varied one. program The was *v The

YV.V*. there evenings dancing on and was April diary entry for Wednesday,

the main deck and singing in the 4702 *2m*7J** 6th, described it in detail:

forecastle. then someone and Now nine o'clock at half beautiful past day; A

fish, flying or a whale some to hail sighted six given of musketry rounds were in the auspicious day; military service conand once the company observed a

<<g pastductedtenbytheChristopherPresident Arthur,and hisJun.counselorsAt half schoolan acreof herring,of water,""supposedchasedto coverby a

took their seats with Captain Brown, with their backs to the main mast, upon the poop shark. In another week the vessel

deck; on the right side were seated 12 lay to at the mouth of the great FaMHW1 young men, on the left 12 young women, ther of Waters and was taken in

and opposite 12 venerable old men, headed tow by a Mississippi steamboat into as chaplain; acted Father by Waugh, who *fro this the Intime Orleans. By TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL New

of held they a Bible and each MorBook Louisville 2, Ky. CORP., INCORPORATED direction the under was in their octernational hands. forenoon was The mon THE FOR THE LEAF PACKAGE LOOK ON to bridge priesthood of the from the taking cupied and Sacrament Holy by

marrying four couples; in the afternoon we galley, for Captain Brown had been

assembled at half past one o'clock, when baptized and ordained an elder; the

after the of prayer usual services and praise; first and second mates had been orrecitations, songs, speeches, instrumental

music, &c. filled up the time of meeting. dained priests; and the captain's

After a repast of every delicacy the ship cook had been made a teacher. Of

could afford or pastry cooking could intwenty-six men in the crew, eighteen vent, they again met on the main deck and had been moved to join the Church through of country a variety went dances; so ardently served by this exemplary

retired others of the Saints to the steerage, where they again renewed their singing and company of Saints.

reciting till 10 o'clock p.m. It was a day Following a stopover of four days

of great harmony and mirth, such as many in New Orleans, with guards duly of the Saints never before experienced. appointed to protect their belongings

the authorities of rosette a white Each had their left breast, white and prevent strangers from coming upon and wore sashes; the women and the 12 fathers were on board, and after going ashore to

adorned in the same fashion. Father Waugh buy fresh provisions, the company,

read appropriate portions from the Bible "amid rejoicing,"proceeded in two and Book of Mormon relative to this latter groups on board the St. Nicholas

work. Brother Henry Maiben (from and Liah Tuna up the river to St.

Louis, where they arrived eight days later. They embarked the same evening on the Jeannie Deans, and in

twentyfour hours landed in Keokuk, "all in good health and spirit,"where they joined the Camp of Israel.

Statistically, Clerk Sims summed the voyage as follows: "Births, 6.

Deaths, 6. Marriages, 5. Baptisms,

48, inclusive of rebaptisms."But

spiritually, Henry Maiben's lines.. seemed at journey's end as approWE OffER priate as they had been on that April A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE 6th commemorated so gaily in midFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest Atlantic:

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention And who that could but witness now

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. TEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP ButOur wouldfestive,obeyhappythe faces,Truth, to share

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah JELLY MARMALADE GRAPE JUICE The joy our Faith embraces.

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"sacred music, consuming altogether htkv.

Radio and the Gospel about an hour."President Grant

had inaugurated the services and Xester BETSY ROSS

Message had "spoken a number of times."SPINET

(Concluded from page 205) The program was under the superAt the Sunday morning session of vision, for the Church, of Presiding the general conference, April 8, Bishop Charles W. Nibley.

1923, President Grant announced So is the story of the beginning that the four thousand people standof the use of the radio in the spreading on the tabernacle grounds outing of the gospel message in this, the side would be able to hear the serDispensation of the Fulness of mons which were being "conveyed Times. Certainly, radio broadcastclimes, to of Informaradio,"the Bureau tongues andby ing in many

tion, missionaries have been Americas doing thus the newherever away with cessity of providing speakers for an called to labor, is one of the strong finest in its field..

there. he links meetingoverflow forged What start to is the time into the Church mission- "M"OW speakthat loud today.probably meant ary system was little fingers ten those

ers on the grounds had been con- "The Fulness of Times,"a history roaming over the keyboard nected by wire to a microphone at of the Church in dramatic form, has of a piano. And... that

the pulpit. It was a year and a half now been broadcast by one hundred piano should be the newlater before one could sit at home radio stations. But radio's roots and Betsy Ross Spinet. Your

and hear the conference sessions. possibilities have merely been children will adore its eyeRadio broadcasting of the general scratched. What will the next quarfilling size... it will fit into

conference sessions became a reality tercentury bring for the Church in any room and harmonize or color decor with any field is the next of radio?in 1924, now the October when What KFPT, pepractice schemes. The

the that will enable great invention direct to the main wire ran aKSL, pleasure. riods will be

pulpit of the tabernacle. The resultChurch to help fill the divine comthere- challenge: that letters telegramsing "Go ye and and came mand to DAYNES MUSIC CO all nations all teach points fore, and of western Amer-...in from

Stoie Music Complete A all things whatsoever I have observe very reassurica were and Canada

City 1 Salt 4547 Lake So. Main St., thrill you"the greatest (Matthew 28:19,ing. perhaps commanded But Arranged Convenient Terms

to come to the radio men who sat 20)?

at the controls was knowing that many elderly persons who could no longer "come to conference"in the tabernacle, were now having the conference brought to them in their homes. M#*N

President Charles W. Penrose,

confined to his home by illness during that conference, had a radio $500 use. for his therebrought As Presian- Utah Centennial the opening dent Grant made

said, Penrose Presidentnouncement,

Later voice!""It is the President's on Arts and Crafts

when a male chorus sang, "School

Thy Feelings,O My Brother,"which Contest

President Penrose had written, the Whatever your art or craft—needlewoodwork, metal, leather, work, to counselor was meltedvenerable of the to win one an opportunity have or ceramics plastics—you is Contest! Crafts "That he commented: tears, and Arts and Centennial in the $500 Utah cash prizes

wonderful."After the services were Mail this coupon for a pattern of typical centennial subjects.

over, President Penrose told the HOMESalt LakeSERVICETribuneBUREAU 1, Utah lor the Utah Centennial Arts and CraftsKFPT representative, "I certainly SaltSend Lakeme patternsCity thank you; it has been one of the Contest as follows:

most thrilling experiences of my 3 S:: Kp*** correct amount) life."Name—

Address - - - Tn the January 1925, issue of The City and State -

Improvement Era it was anbeen had that arrangements nounced |e %fihxmt fldt &ukt of a reguradiocasting for "themade

Salt Committee. Sponsored by the each service evening the Salt Lake of Council lar Sunday Lake WomenCentennialand

Sunday at nine o'clock, mountain Tribune and Telegram.

time."The program consisted of a

twentyfive minute sermon, and APRIL 1947 255 URPHGEnn

The High Cost ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

"I'm afraid this high cost of living is going to introduce 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "G,"San Diego, Calif. another innovation in the average kitchen."

1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif. "And what is that?"

615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif. "The foodless cooker."

1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

Lost Art

"Is it true,"the friend said to the art dealer, "that the picture

Fairbanks, Alaska you just sold that man was a genuine work of art?"

Dear Editors: "I'm afraid not, but that story I told about it certainly was."

HAVE not forgotten you even in this frozen land, for the

I warmth of the JSra reaches us here and was never more Wide Open Spaces welcome. I miss seeing you and chatting with members of

your staff. "You've read my new book?"

The Era is read and enjoyed by all the members of our "Yes."

little branch (62 in all), although we are without an M.I.A. "What do you think of it?"

organization. Our family misses the many activities of Salt "Well, to be perfectly truthful, I think the covers are a

Lake City, and we have all learned the lesson of appreciation. little far apart."

Accept my best wishes for the Bra and for you personally.

Sincerely, your brother, Peacemaker

William E. Berrett "Why are you running like that, Junior?"

"I'm trying to keep two little boys from fighting."

"That's good—and who are the little boys?"

Houston, Texas "Willie Jones and me."

Dear Editors:

Mute Question to, cared were Digest asked, if we the we November Era IN I issue, and of tell thought the November to we you what thought you might like to know of the very interesting incident "This is an eightday clock. It will run for eight days withthat happened here in Houston. The missionaries have been out winding."

contacting an investigator in this city who has completely "Goodness, and just how long will it go if you do wind it!"

changed his life since he has been studying the gospel. Of

course, his friends have all noticed the great change in him Something New in Botany and are wondering what has caused it.

One day he had a friendly visit with a family and, on "Which boy can tell me the pine with the longest needles?"

purpose, left a copy of the November issue of The Improvement "Please, sir, the porcupine."

Era lying on the table. The lady of the house noticed it the

next day and called and told him he had left his magazine at The Prized Prize her home. He told her he would call for it sometime when he

sat this lady afternoon in the down same Later by. passing was by saying that your dog took first prize you mean do "What

table. the at over to look happened darning and some to do at the cat show?"

it, just "It expressed she as that and magazine, was There the cat!"took he "Why,

picthe with impressed lap."in She was to jump seemed my

ture on the cover because the man had such a kindlooking face. She began to glance through the.Era; the message of No Necessity

the First Presidency interested her, so she read it. For two

hours she sat there reading. When her husband came home "They say that lightning never strikes twice in the same

for dinner, and she was still reading the Era. place."

When the owner of the magazine and his wife came to visit "Perhaps that's because it doesn't have to."

again, instead of spending the evening indulging in worldly frailties as they had done previously, the four of them disPopularity Winner cussed and read different articles in The Improvement Era.

At the present time both families are investigating the gospel, "What are the three most used words?"and we feel that the November issue of the Era helped interest "I don't know—"

this second family in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Both families "That's correct."

are subscribers to The Improvement Era.

Very sincerely yours, Modern Logic

Glenn G. Smith, "Is in?"the of the house boss

President, in he's asleep "Yes, his cradle."

TexasLouisiana Mission

To the Editors: 1946 "Era"Index Available

providing for such a like the to thank Era staff WOULD fine Qubscribers who wish to bind or otherwise preserve I British Saints. the link Here Zion and between welding

of volume the 1946 The Improvement Era may secure M message, although Teachers'in B'ham, the Ward we follow of the annual index copy by writing The Improvement late, sense of a us a and it gives the two months Era arrives kinship with our brethren in the states. Era, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah, enclosing name and address and a threecent stamp for

Sincerely your brother, return postage.

E. John S. Jones

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WATCH 'WAVPINGS fill up with when you higheroctane Chevron Supreme

Challenge the toughest grade if you want It takes more than high octane fating to to see what this new Chevron Supreme make a premium gasoline a standout. So

Gasoline will do. For with government you'll find Chevron Supreme makes your

restrictions on lead in gasoline lifted, car start in a jiffy, warm up in a matter there's been a big increase in Chevron of seconds, and accelerate instantly. Try

Supreme's antiknock performance. But... improved Chevron Supreme today.

Itsgoodgoing on

CHEVRON

GAS STATION SUPREME GASOLINE There is no better gasoline at any price. mm m Mm HP 1 "- jtfm IfiUUKtV''*,000*'

.. SAFEGUARDED

Rooted deep in rockarmored headlands that withstand the force of the sea, these stormscarred trees continue their upward growth.

So is a family able to stand - - if safeguarded by your forethought and selfsacrifice.

While there is yet time, carry life insurance -that your loved ones may have the necessities and advantages you would always like to provide.

JV

*&$wm?-

I B-fiB-A THE IMPROVEMENT E Georoa Albert Smith, Pr "l 3-faV v J{]\ l Silt Ui. City. Utah RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEtu

SALT LAKE CITY'% UTAH w Photo by Hal Rumel