demerit hra 'anuary Color catches the Eye

With very little imagination you can fairly strong brand identification. Continuing research

smell the scent of the flowers and feel the dewy shows that color realism increases the length of beauty of a lovely garden. Its glorious color retention measurably.

captures your attention and draws you to it.

The Deseret News Press provides the largest

This is the magic of color. It has realism... and most complete color equipment anywhere

recognition... retention. These are the three in the vast Intermountain West. It is operated

most important bonus factors color printing by a large staff of highlyexperienced color produces. craftsmen.

Not too long ago a novelty, color printing now.. typesetting, electrotyping, is virtually a must with those who wish to make In every phase

strong impact in their printed messages. Color offset and letterpress printing and binding...

pulls a larger audience... puts a product or the Deseret News Press is equipped and staffed

service in a natural color setting... and builds to produce the finest color printing.

Sales Office: 33 Richards St.

Plant: Industrial Center, Redwood Road

Salt Lake City, UtahDeseret Afeois Press

All the flavor is not in the cheese

(or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

One in Eight

Professor Philip K. Hitti of Princeton University estimates that every

eighth person in the world is a follower of Mohammed and that the

Arabic language is the daily language of fortyfive million people.

The Arabic alphabet is not only used for the Arabic language, but with the spread of Islam following the seventh century A.D., it also became

widely used for such languages as

Turkish, Persian, Afghan, Urdu,

Malayan, and Berber in North Africa. Turkey changed from the

Arabic to the Latin alphabet in 1928.

Wheatgrass for Forage Dr. Howard Peterson of Utah

State University has reported that tall wheatgrass is the most promising of the forage plants to grow on saline Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tasty

soils. Because this grass is tolerant

is even more delicious with theto salt and can stand considerable as it may be-—

drought and cold, and even some perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

flooding it can be used on otherwise nearly worthless land. and crackling crisp, so really special.

When the appetizer, or the snack,

Man vs. Camel calls for crackers, taste what a

The study of the physiology of the difference Saltines by camel by Knut SchmidtNielsen has shown many remarkable characterisPurity makes.

tics which permit the camel to be so useful and survive under difficult conditions. The camel can survive a

dehydration of 40 percent of its body weight compared to a limit of 15 to 20 percent for man and other mammals. A camel's temperature may

vary from 93.2 F in the morning to

105.3F in the afternoon while man

must evaporate much water to keep his body temperature at about 98.6F in hot weather. A camel may At your favorite grocer's

drink as much as 100 quarts of water ifi 1 and 2 pound cartons in 10 minutes if it needs that much.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

JANUARY 1959 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for January 1959 Volume 62, Number 1

Church Features Officialquorums,organMutualof theImprovementpriesthood

Associations, ward teachers, Music

other agencies of the and Editor's Page: the Universal MusicThe Committee, Department of Education, Language,

Jesus Christ of Church of '. President Saints. David Latterday O. McKay.. 14

Your Question: Are Children Born in Sin? President Joseph Fielding Smith.... 16

Hong Kong Bursts into Blossom, LaiWah Quan and Sealon Fung 38

A Mission Among the Chinese People, Malan Robert Jackson 39

The Church Moves On, 12; Melchizedek Priesthood, Policies and Procedures Relative to Seventies, 30; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 32.

m1 < Art and Photo Credits:

Special Features Cover, Camera Clix

John Davenport, art, 8, 14, 24, 64 art, 13, 26, 27, 28 Kilbourn, DaleMission of Music, Theodore L. Cannon 16

14 Cannon, Ted art, 16, 54 Reynolds,On Teaching the Moral Standard, Boyd K. Packer 24 Ralph

Service, Information Church and 41 1621, Sargent,Leadership Development: "Here Am I... Send Me,"Sterling W. Sill 26 Virginia

What Will Your Child Remember? Christie Lund Coles 29 H. Armstrong Roberts,art, 2227, 35

Jeanne Lindorff, art, 31, 32 "His Cake Is only Twothirds Baked"(So That's What Boys Are Made Of—Lorin Wiggins, 3031, 54

VI), W. Cleon Skousen 34 Harold M. Lambert, 36

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 46, 48, 50, 58, 62

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; These Times: Utah and the Ph.D.,—I, G.

Homer Durham, 4; Bookrack, 7; Letters and Reports, 10; Save an Eye Span, Helen Rand

Miller, 11; Be Honest with Yourself, 12.

Today's Family: Let's Turn Over a New Leaf, Florence B. Pinnock 54

Bride's Corner 56 COVER NOTE:

The Last Word...: 64 AtheJanuaryfarm, ourmorningcover on

subject, is a delightful study in light and shadow. Lithographed in full color from

Stories, Poetry aClix,transparencyit portraysbynotCameraonly the indescribable beauty, but Artie's "Show and Tell,"Blanche Kendall McKey 22 ofalsoa thecountrystark homelonelinesscaught

Poetry 28, 37, 43, 44, 48, 60, 63 thisin winter'sremarkablegrip. photographAfter studying

we are inclined to agree with our friend who said. "In the

winter, in snow country, The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah paintedall farmhousesred."should be

O. L. Evans, RichardDavid Editors; Doyle McKayEditor;and Editor; Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research L.JohnCr.EEN,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Mabba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock,ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoFFrrr,

Directors. Art Mabyon,Productionand Ed

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. ReedeX Associate General Manager; Vebl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snare, Subscription Director;

Copyright Inc., 1958 by Mutual published Funds, Associations and of by of the Improvement Christ of Latterday the Mutual Church Saints. All rights Jesus

reserved. Subscription price, in $2.50 a year, foreign advance; subscriptions, single copy, year, in advance; 3.00 a for special issues. 25c except

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement EraThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 1%C

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

t s

i. The Genealogical Notebook Grant t. Misbach

Sturdy leatherette looseleaf with tabbed sections for archives, surname file, locality file, other sources, letter writing. Q 95

2. The Genealogical Reader Noel c. Stevenson

Compiled writings on all phases of genealogical research, written by foremost authorities in the field. 2.50

3. "My Book of Remembrance"Binder

Available in white, blue, tan, or maroon, with following temples embossed in gold on front cover: Los Angeles (shown). Salt Lake, Logan, Manti, Idaho Falls, Mesa, Alberta, St. George and

Hawaiian Temple. 5.00

4. "Our Family Through the Years"Binder

Available in white, maroon, black, tan, or blue with following temples embossed in gold on front cover: Salt Lake, Logan, Manti, Idaho Falls, Los Angeles, Mesa, Alberta, St. George and

Hawaiian Temple. 3.00

5. Research in American Genealogy e. Kay Kirkham

Authoritative text for a practical approach to genealogical research in America. Contains an

extended and most complete upto-date treatise of government records and excellent teaching outline. 4.00

6. The A.B.C.'s of American Genealogical Research e. Kay Kirkham

Newlyrevised edition on American genealogical research that gives special consideration to Of 4MCRICM many Federal Government records. [ #75 simioflicAi

7. Handbook for Genealogy and Temple Work 1956 Edition

A condensed compilation of facts and methods to teach genealogical research, record keeping and stimulate greater temple work..50 w,,:aKM

Photographic Service Deseret Book now offers a photographic service for reproducing pictures for genealogical records.

any size, for pedigree sheet, oval or square photographs, 8. Copying

each.50 specify) size (please

9. Reprints each I U

10. One copy with 6 prints each."J

11. One copy with 12 prints each 1.40

12. More than 12 prints each.10

fiSi Co. DeseretiliBooh

DESERET BOOK COMPANY East 44 South Temple 44 East WMSouth"a'WlWJW*liW'W'w,%Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah City, Salt Lake Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please charge.

Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) items:

1 2 10 11 12 3456789 Name

Address

City Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

L.

JANUARY 1959 These Times PIANO ALBUMS

CELESTIAL ECHOESRovenger 1.00

LORENZ CHURCH PIANISTVols. 1, 2, 3 ea. 1.50

PIANO HYMN VOLUNTARIESLorenz 1.50

PIANO TRANSCRIPTIONS OF YOUR FAVORITE HYMNS 1.25

PIANO VOLUNTARIESPresser 1.25

PRELUDES, OFFERTORIES & POSTLUDESVols. 1 & 2—Stickles ea. 1.25

SACRED MUSIC FOR PIANO SOLO... 1.50

SACRED PIANO ALBUMGahm 1.25

SACRED PIANISTStickles 1.25

TRANQUIL HOURSPresser 1.50

Music Sent on Approval Use this advertisement as your order blank

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY 15 E. 1st South

Salt Lake City 11, Utah Please send the music indicated above.

On Approval Charge Money Enclosed Name... ElderanJosephearnedF. Ph.D.Merrill,degree,probablywiththehisfirstdaughterUtahn Laura.to acquire

Address City & State Utah and the Ph.D.

Daunes Music by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah 15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0VOV'Salt Lake City 11, Utah

The Congress of the United States fraught with "danger."Scientists

$$$$$$$$$$$$<?$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ of America has stated in public law, have not always been welcome in soendorsed and signed by the Presiciety to the extent they are today!

dent, that "the security of the Those who pursue either art or nation depends on the fullest develphilosophy to its outer extremities

Brigham Young University s opment of its intellectual resources."are not always understood, either.

HOME STUDY DEPARTMENT withA criticalhigher phaseeducation,of thisespeciallytask restsin Yet,stood,whentheyallarethreeinseparablyroles are imderneces- provides creating the environment, providing sary in the pursuit of new knowledge the facilities, and developing the and its application for human wellcapacities of the nation's scientists, being, A BIG STEP humanists, artists, and highly trained Science attempts to describe the thinkers. Sir Am universe in all its

aspects; to meastoward brose Fleming, a "In the conditions of modern life,

your success tistgreatonceBritishsaidscienthat thedoesrulenotisvalueabsolute:trainedthe intelligencerace which ure;with toinfinitedeterminepaskill tience and to is doomed."universe, Regular BYU the -Alfred North Whitehead can what is; what his trained.:;;',:. mind, faculty

"more and more be controlled, preOver 500 credit appeared to resemble a great dicted, stabilized, utilized. A great

and noncredit thought."If a man is as he "thinkscientist may spend a lifetime studycourses eth,"and if the universe resembles ing the antennae of ants; the be-

a great "thought,"then thinking is havior of a single protein in the

Study at home a great and important piece of hublood.

and business. earn while man learn you expresses itself, academArt Thought

ically speaking and for convenience Art gives rein to the human spirit's

Clip and mail this coupon toin analysis, in three major forms: capacity to create, to imagine. What

Adult Education and Extension Services science, art, and philosophy. All can be, what might be, what ought

Department Home Study in to YoungUniversity be, as Brigham portrayed or attempted to eduhigher are important three

Provo. Utah

literary, paint, sculpture, musical, to one cation. time time From

.. -—-.. Name architecture, or other imaginative than receives emphasis more form

City State another. At other times one or more art forms—these are the quests of

Please send without cost the 195859 Home Study Catalog. is felt to be unimportant, or even the artist. Basic science demon-

A THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1. LEADERSHIP 2. SCIENCE AND YOUR FAITH IN GOD

in scientists Leading book! outstanding An SILL W. STERLINGby

aspects interesting discuss clearly Church the this leadership, religious field of in theA "First"will that in religion a way science and of of hundreds contains volumeilluminating brilliantly written stories which show how to stimulate and build faith. Contributors inbecome a successful leader. Every member of clude Henry Eyring, Carl Christensen,

S. Franklin Fletcher, Harvey A. Widtsoe, John this book fascinating, find church willthe

F. Merrill Pack, Joseph Fredrick $3.50 * aw 1 enriching.stimulating, and $3.50 Harris, FAfl* vol!*

i GOV

INSPIRING

NEW BOOKS!

3. TESTIMONIES OF OUR LEADERS

compiled by FORACE GREEN 4. FAMILY NIGHT READER

Read the dynamic testimonies of almost by S. DILWORTH YOUNG

Church of the Authority General every

... thrill to restoration since the the A andmarvelous*discussbookon forfamilyparentsnight.andClearlyyoung andfolks logicallyto read

firm witness of each of the 9 Presidents explains the basic principles of the gospel. Will

and their counselors in the First Presistimulate a desire for further knowledge of the dency... read the compelling testimonies gospel and will help build and strengthen testimonies.

since Apostles all of the of almost the $2.50 organized, Twelve of First was Quorum

and a majority of all the Patriarchs, members of the First Council of Seventy, and Presiding Bishoprics. $3.50 BOOKCRAFT1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ):

3 4 12 NAME BOOKCRAFT PUBLISHERS........,.,.,., TO.... THE.;.;........*.......v/--L.D.S.:::::::;:::'.TRADE>;:>'.''<tfivxWXv ADDRESS

::vX::;:::::v:x

1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566 CITY. STATE.

JANUARY 1959 strated how fire could be controlled useful contribution to increasing the in a house constructed of combusworld's knowledge.

tible materials. Art, joined with The state of Utah contains less

household science, reveals in archithan onehalf of one percent of the tecture how life may become more American people. This small poputhan meat, raiment, or shelter. lation group therefore provides a

Artistic abstractions, such as musiconvenient case study of where the cal sounds, or incomprehensible, Ph.D. crop is, or can be, grown.

strange splashes of paint on a canThe first Utahn to acquire an vas, suggest new realms, issue new earned Ph.D. degree was probably

challenges to the world of both Joseph Francis Merrill. Dr. Merrill

science and art. was born in Richmond, Utah, August

24, 1868. He was graduated from

Philosophy the Normal School of the University of Utah in 1889, then went to the

Some would rid the world of University of Michigan where he philosophy, thinking that science earned the B.S. in 1893. He received

and art are sufficient. But philoshis Ph.D. at Johns Hopkins Univerophy (which, as used in the acasity in the spring of 1899 in the field

demic sense, embraces religion and of physics. He served as professor

religious philosophy as well as conof physics and dean of the School cern for science and art and nonof Mines and Engineering at the SAFEWAY religious philosophy) asks the quesUniversity of Utah from 1897 until tion: What is valuable here? Where 1928, when he accepted an appointart, bit of science, truth, in this later or for years the Church. Three Moves Pears is the meaning, the ideal, or practical ment as commissioner of education

stand, surcan philosophy? What called as to serve a member he was

PEARS became a farm problem vive, and why? What justifications of the Council of the Twelve, which

fallin last with an Utah this so far exist have for that which of his we position held at the time he in resulted harvest thatabundant or ends accumulated? what To native a naUtahn, and death. A surplus.a substantial

purposes, and with what means, tive American, he took his Ph.D.

solve the marketing To help proceed? Nothing should we the first of the great American is from exproblem, put on an Safeway except the to philosophy sacred Hopkins. graduate schools—Johns local hardhittingtensive and

promotion for canning pears. In search for the ultimates—hence its Since Dr. Merrill climbed the acaaddition, Safeway did a special disturbing element to many people, demic ladder, probably 1500 people

sell tomerchandising Utahjob disturbed. not do to be want who the followed path from have Utah Bartlett to other pearsgrown

all scienare that see Thus we we the count accurate Ph.D. towards No half carloads, total of states. 77 A

in artists, tists, the philosophers, national a recent is available. But the 154of carloads shipped out

of the state, according to USDA sense that we are all thinkers and study showed that between 1936 and figures, were marketed by Safeconcerned with the quest for and 1956, some 1260 persons who reway. the use of knowledge. ceived their bachelor's degree in

Clyde Lunceford, 232 East 20th Utah collegiate institutions, went on

South in Orem, and a prominent to win doctorates. Assuming most

community, church and farm The Doctor of Philosophy of these to have been from the state,leader, said: in "Pear growers

that others outside assuming went were burdenedUtah with a heavy of the monetary Currently most fall. for last theirsurplus state the bachelor's degree acSafeway's quest, in this society, in andtive of promotion in rewards pears Utah (as Dr. A. Widtsoe, did John who utility; of practical of in terms go outsidemarkets the state helped to to 189194; Harvard, Gotwentto relieve this it surplus condition needs. thinks society Some what

tingen, his for thereafter Germany,and prevented great potential a all that realize societies need they loss fruit to Ph. Merrill in this growers Dr. followed D.; area."and who that to the knowledge approaches

Safeway continually proves represents militaryeconomic, and to the degree six months later, in the itself: all other forms, of power. In such autumn of 1899), the number, 1500,

societies, higher education tends to seems safely conservative.

where is such an academic Now, soil, varies. however, TheA FRIEND OF THE FAMILY flourish. crop grown? also, are uneven because The crops,

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER of the soil, the seeds, and the degree (Concluded next month) of cultivation.

There are other ways to develop talent and capacity in the foregoing is at fields. But the one the contemporary Go where he will, the wise man

American world looks to as a prinhome, hearth the earth—his hall the SAFEWAY cipal source today is the Ph.D. deHis

gree—the Doctor of Philosophy, azure dome.

which is conferred as a mark of havRalph Waldo Emerson, ing attained the capacity to make a Woodnotes

6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bookrack

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL

QUESTIONS Vol. II

Joseph Fielding, Smith, Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City. 1958.

224 pages. $2.50.

Of perennial interest has been "Your Question,"a feature of The

Improvement Era for the past five years. Now collected into two

books, this second volume also includes additional material from

President Joseph Fielding Smith's files.

Questions that have proved bothersome to members of the Church have found their way to President

Smith's desk where they have been carefully read and scripturally anNothing demonstrates the sensitive tempo ofswered. Fifty such questions and

answers are found in this new modern living so much as the fluctuating volume, questions that have received pulse of markets and commerce.

definitive answers. And for every reader iri the IntermounThe author has discussed such tain West, The Salt Lake Tribune is an

stimulating topics as The Gift of illuminating beacon reaching into

Tongues, Do Animals Have Spirits, every channel of trade which may the Lord's Day, The Fourth Article affect western prosperity. Youof Faith, Cremation of the Dead,

along with many other thoughtare abreast of the commercial provoking questions. world with The Tribune's

Answers to Gospel Questions complete market quotations,

Volume II deserves to take its place exclusive DowJones financial with Volume I to provide authoritadispatches and Robert L.

tive answers to vital questions. Bernick's coverage of the

-M. C. J. important events in the West's

LEADERSHIP industrial realm. Keeping the

Sterling W. Sill. Bookcraft, Salt Lake Intermountain

City. 1958. 396 pages. $3.50. West in perspective

Some of the articles which Elder with the commercial world for publicationSill developed in The in is another of the essential were collected EraImprovement this book as well as additional ones services provided for every which he was prompted to write. home and every office by

Arranged alphabetically, with the exception of the first two articles, the -puurzen px/ze One of America's Great Newspapers

JANUARY 1959 For business or pleasure, for anything IN THE WEST iSF author has treated fiftytwo factors under the sun in leadership Since leadership is

Bonanza flies you GO BY AIR so essential t part of the LDS it is that those important Church, to the fun GO BONANZA in various or the teach who lead serving ATow in themselves organizations improve cities in resort 22

California, Arizona, this field.

of provocative the a few Only Nevada and Utah SALT LAKE CITY titles listed, the few even but can be of the matewill the value indicate RENO rial: of Leadership, The 'HAWTHORNE PROVO The Laws

Druthers, The Fire in Leadership, m, roNOPAHt "Get Thee UpBe Illuminated,"The

Hour of Decision, The Jump School.

This is a valuable book for all the leaders in the Church.—M. C. J.

LAS VEGAS A CENTURY OF SINGING

APPIE VAllEY tOS ANGELES /. Spencer Cornwall. Deseret Book

1NTI ONTARIORIVERSIDE Company. 1958. 426 pages. $3.95.

SANTA ANA 9 Thrilling may not be a word to

SAN DIEGO use loosely but when used with this history of the Tabernacle Choir, it is used legitimately. This fascinatSOON COMING

Silver Darts... ing and exciting story of the de- F-27

America's newest velopment of this worldfamed orturbo-prop airplanes ganization provides information on each conductor and organist of the choir, the story of the making of the its inviting title "Tones organ, with with FLY BONANZA AIR LINES together Woods,"from the much more of great significance in

Order Today theorgan,developmentand "The Spokenof theWord."choir, Butthe

hardly do can of a review course GRIND YOUR OWN that has been material justice to the

FLOUR & CEREAL so painstakingly gathered from with this sturdy numerous sources.

The book has so much of general and significant interest there is no it for WHEAT MILLMore Than Ttotecf dotkutq, hesitation in recommending 12,000 Sold all Latterday Saints to read, whether to Date they are musicians or not.—M. C. /.

ONLY blankets..... (m t A CHILD'S STORY OF THE

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH $650 INSTALL

POSTPAID Deta Petersen Neeley and Nathan

ANYWHERE IN Glen Neeley. Deseret News Press,

AMERICA Salt Lake City. 1958. 164 pages.

$2.00.

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all From the facile pens of these grains. Grinds or soft of hard kinds protection the another beauty gifted and writers... have book comes Vh Now minute. per of flour or cereal pounds

closets lined easily in of cedar and each Latterinex- that should be found... Fully by Pehrson's. guaranteed

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS pensively. Brown's Supercedar closet day Saint home where there are

directly to lining nails is open studding doubtful or fouryear-olds. And it

Mill. Enclosed is send Please one Wheat me plaster. Supercedar over old and wood to limited be that this book should order.) or (check $6.50 money

in sealpacked available 4 and the "scientifiwith 8 foot them—because

Name - - the luxury bundles. Plan now to enjoy cally controlled vocabulary"which

Address of Supercedar! Dr. Deta Neeley has applied in all

City of the books that she and her husState - SEE YOUR LOCAL band have written, younger children

LUMBER DEALER could, (Continued on page 53)

PEHRSON HARDWARE Distributed by 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH MORRISONMERRILL

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

Have a cup of friendship—have a cup of Postum. Postum is (''P*43>%-i- En**'"':

made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a ', '; - -. V *"'- - rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty, healthful, hospitable.;

"'Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K /tfSTAUT'/ artificial stimulants. in an instant, Ready it's always welcome. ten# have you always Make sure Postum on hand.

100% cofreefree Another fine product of General Foods

JANUARY 1939 Letters and Reports

PUT YOURSELF IN THIS PICTURE

Join a BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

StudyTour for Educational Travel

Summer 1959

Lowcost, nonprofit educaCollege credit tional tours Best in concerts, opera,

Experienced directors drama, museums, galleries Virginia Scott Janet Barney

See greatest scenic wonSpiritual development ders, buildings, monuments

Learn about buses, best airlines, Ride peoples of ondVirginiaWard, Annhas Scottcompletedof Tacomafour yearsSecsteamships other lands perfect attendance at all her meetings.

Virginia is the only member of her family

TOURS PLANNED FOR ANYONE 17 TO 70 (STUDENT TOURS 17 TO 36) to join the Church. She is a Junior Sunis teacher. school a Silver Gleaner day She——for Mail—- Clip FREE Information and——————-——————

to her requirements is working and on STUDIES, UNIVERSITY, UTAH: TO TRAVEL PROVO, BRIGHAM YOUNG Gleaner. a Golden become

tours Please send the checked below: information I have about summer me

EUROPE Janet Barney, also of Tacoma Second

Date Approx. Price Deposit Ward, Tacoma (Washington) Stake, has a

at record percent attendance one hundred Student 21 16August June $1,095 $100 Tour—North Q all five for years. her meetings teaches She

1 I Student 100 25August 1,095 26 June Tour—South

is Sports DiSchool Junior and Sunday 21 Education June 100 Comparative 995 29August rector of her the has She Honor YWMIA. extra) (optional Russian e xtension—$500 is Silver Bee, Gleaner, and and Mia Joy, Peoples 21 and Cultures 25August 1,145 100 June

Gleaner. her working toward Golden Short Student Tour July 695 100 23 26August

Short Adult Study Tour (North) July 26August 23 795 100

Short Adult Study Tour (South) July 26August 23 745 100

NORTH AMERICA AND HAWAII

1 |1 SocioCultural 16August Tour of July 289 50 man,CharlottedaughterFolkof Extra) (Tour Hawaiian Islands of Outer Islands—$200

Mrs. Elder and History Tour 9th Church Annual 1-August 8 275 August 50

C. FolkHarvey |1 of Western 8-June 28 June Geography America 445 50 man of Malta

LATIN AMERICA (Montana) Branch, [1 Book of Mormon Lands Study Tour—July 17August 5 695 50 West Central States

Caribbean Extension Mission, has com-

I | Mexico Travel—Study Tour July 27August 16 325 50 pleted the requireTRAVEL-STUDY PROGRAMS mentshonor forbadgesall ninetyin

June Study Mexico 375 15August5 Program 50 Q her work, Beehive || 12 French Study 26August 395 Program 50 at Quebec June an average in 21 Hawaii -July 26 Study June 449 50 taking of hours twelve for each one.

NAME She is a PriCharlotte Folkman mary teacher, SunMAILING ADDRESS

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA day School organist, and YWMIA secretary. She was graduated from the eighth

grade last June with a 97.1 percent average. She plays clarinet in the high school Save an Eye Span

band and is active in school athletics and speech. on Every Line

Mather Air Force Base California

Dear Editors:

by Helen Rand Miller I want to express my appreciation for this wonderful magazine, The Improvement Era. It has really been an easy way,

the past few years, to keep track of the progress of our Church. It is wonderful

how the various elders quorums support

The Improvement Era for our LDS servcenter of your eye span. Now youicemen.

can see every letter while you keep Since I have been in the air force, many You can increase your of my nonmember friends have read The your eyes inside the lines.

impressed.Improvement Era, and they were quite reading time by keepthatYouyoumaycanneedseetoallreassurethe lettersyourselfbeSincerely, /s/ Lt. Anthon E. Cooley ing your eyes out of causeafraid henearlywill misseveryonesomethingsays hewhenis

he begins to learn a new skill in the margins. Try it! rapid reading.

London, England This skill needs practice. It is

good actually to draw the lines down

Dear Editors: We used to think that a person the columns because they remind

I please receipt acknowledge of in May the eyes your to keep could a read newspaper by you who try Era Improvement andThe to convey so or After middle. you a week his dropping the eyes middle downto that I pleasure the family you and my the middle one line down may draw genius. a of a column was it. I we Nowgot reading from congratulate must

you on such a fine magazine. I found know that anyone can learn to do it. of a column to tell your eyes to keep

"The Eisenhower Doctrine"most enlightWith practice he can double or near it. After two or three weeks

ening. triple his speed and get more acyou may stop regular practice, but

Good luck and best wishes to you and curate meaning too. every so often you will have to tellall your readers.

The trick is the mechanical skill your eyes to keep in the middle of

Yours most sincerely, of keeping the eyes near the middle a newspaper column and out of the /s/ J. E. Campbell of the column and out of the marmargins of books.

gins. You can save half an eye span Five or ten minutes practice at a

from the left margin and half an time is enough. At first it is disBurley, Idaho say, I don't couraging. People "But margin, the right eye span fromDear Editors: thinking I'm get the meaning when saving span one eye which means

I am grateful to you for the Era, and on every line of print. about keeping my eyes inside those

wish to tell you the paintings of our beChoose a column of average width. lines, and I have to go slowly. My

loved Prophets every cent of the are worth of just old way letting my eyes go lines perpendicular Draw two down price.subscription are beautiful They for is easier me."it into the through column to divide framing.and worth

My husband is 95 years old and has seen three equal parts. The answer to that is, do not try

and clasped hands with all except the Can you read all the words if you for speed while you are training inProphet Smith. served Joseph He Engkeep your eyes inside the two lines your eyes. If you practice once orland as a while missionary Grant Heber J.

was President. and do not move them to the left or several times a day, within a week

right outside the lines? This is a you will begin to feel improvement.

sister in Your will the improvement begun, Once the gospel, test of distance eye your span—the

Mrs. Jeffs John keep you up the pracbe rapid—if see your without can you moving

eyes. A line drawn from the tip of tice.

please in order as slowly as you to the the nose paper your Go be would

North Hollywood, Calif.

so well that get the you to that meaning fans center of eye your span

I have enjoyed the Era so much and out on both sides. If the tip of your can say it to yourself in your own

especially this November issue with all of nose is over the left line you drew, words. You will probably find, as

I Presidents. to express haven'tour words eyes that keeping your left others have, letter to the see every you

all of to thanks. put such can you many whomy to get out of helps you the margins eyes? your without margin moving in the Please a wonderful magazine homes.

find enclosed a check for renewal of my If not, the line is not drawn in the accurate meaning because you are subscription. right place for you; you may need looking for meaning and not just

Sincerely, to move it a little to the left. Adletting your eyes drift unguided over

Mrs. Lovantia Sinks just both lines until they mark the all the words.

JANUARY 1959 11 Be Honest With Yourself

A Fireside Chat The Church on a Burning Question Moves On

October 1958

Elders Joel Mack Johnson and Peter Alexander Shaver, Jr.,

sustained as counselors to President Keith M. Taylor of the

Houston (Texas) Stake, succeeding Elders Wayne E. Stevens

and Everend L. Jacobson.

departed Choir from Salt Tabernacle of the Lake T Members in a evening home A Sabbath their concert train for special American Salt City Lake by til faith abides, with youngwhere details for and tour. 16 of Music,""Mission page (See in pleasfriends to engage gathered

ant and prayerful discussion and schedules.

song—this is "A Fireside."

What beautiful images the word Elder Henry D. Movie of the Council of the Twelve spoke on

suggests: home, hospitality, friendthe subject "All the World Hungers for a Scheme of Life"

ship, security. on the "Church of the Air"program of the Columbia Broadcasting System's radio network. Fire, the key word, has been

man's friend or his foe through the Norwalk Stake formed from portions of East Long Beach ( Caliages. fornia ) Stake, with Elder Lewis Milton Jones sustained as president

B. as Garfield sustained Elders Sims Elwin and Stephen H. and

for his It is heat elemental home, Bellflower, counselors. Bellflower Third, Stake comprises Norwalk

refiner of light, purifiersource and Third, Second, wards. and Norwalk Norwalk, Mirada Norwalk La

of materials, coarse for energy of the presidency East Stake unchanged. Beach was Long Wards Themachines. remaining in this stake are Bellflower Second, Lakewood, Lakewood

The word fire has enriched our Second, Long Beach Third, Long Beach Fifth, and Long Beach language: "fired with imagination"; Eighth. The new stake, 269th in the Church, 25th now in southern

"fired with enthusiasm"; "the fire of California was formed under the direction of Elders Spencer W.

faith."Kimball and George Q. Morris of the Council of the Twelve.

When God wanted to speak to Moses, he spoke with fire... "out of

the burning bush."November 1958 Fire is man's friend—but it also

can be his enemy.

One of today's most destructive The appointments of Elders Rulon W. Doman and Vaughn

forms of fire is the tiny flame from the L. Hall to the general board of the YMMIA were announced.

strike of a match or the flick of a lighter to start each year in America The First Presidency announced the transfer of Ricks Colthe slow burning of 400 billion lege from Rexburg, Idaho, to Idaho Falls. The proposed

cigarets. site of the new campus is in the southeast part of Idaho

Light up? Just a minute, young Falls. It covers approximately 160 acres and is north of Sunnyside

friends of our "Fireside."Let's not Road and east of South Holmes Avenue. The transfer announceplay with this fire. ment said that the college would be able to serve more persons

Beware of the burning tobacco there.

fickleleaf promises which, and its for the Halls, the campus Helaman men on new residenceslike one's can't "pipe dreams,"come President University, dedicated of Brigham were by Young true. Stephen L Richards of the First Presidency. During the

BE HONEST WITH YOURSELF services an anthem by Elder Tracy Y. Cannon, based upon words

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the one hundred twentyfirst section of the Doctrine and Covenants, was presented by a chorus of seven hundred students and the BYU Symphony Orchestra.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir gave a concert in Henry

Michigan. Detroit, Auditorium, Edsel Ford and

circus first Iris counselor to President formerly B. Morgan, Elder

William G. Bangerter of the Granger (Utah) Stake, sustained

Kennard, Frankland of the president as stake. Elder J. strong men as first counselor. Elder Clay sustained counselor, formerly second

I. Petersen sustained as second counselor. President Bangerter has

been called to preside over the Brazilian Mission. can't Elder Rodney Alton Hansen, formerly second counselor, sustained as president of Minidoka (Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Davis Green. New counselors are Elders Raldo V. Dutson the and Jay W. Merrill. Elder Charles N. Campbell is the retiring harm

first counselor.

Elder Sharon Reed Dayton sustained as president of the world's

Montpelier (Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Khalil Vaughn

Hansen. Elder Eugene P. Shepherd retained as first counselor. Elder Frank William Hirschi sustained as second counselor sucstrongest

ceeding Elder Lewis Edgar Munk.

radio network The broadcast of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir allsteel presented from Detroit. was

Members of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir returned to Salt Lake City. folding

Elder Arthur Ralph Michaelis sustained as president of Bear

River (Utah) Stake, with Elders James J. White and Robert

Lee Allen as counselors. They succeed President Robert J.

Potter and his counselors, Elders Charles J. Wood and Vernald W.

Johns.

Elder J. Harold Call sustained as president of Wasatch (Utah)

Stake, with Elders Wayne C. Whiting and Ralph T. Carlile as

counselors. They succeed President H. Clay Cummings, who has

served for twentyone years, and his counselors, Elders Nephi

Probst and Welby W. Young.

Decision to construct a new 120bed hospital at 5770 South 3rd East, Murray, Utah, was announced by the First Presidency. When completed the structure will replace the

it for to Hospital. are Plans use Maternity Cottonwood LDS Strength... electrically welded tubuit will cases, not general medical but maternity and surgical and

duplicate the facilities for the highly specialized diagnostic and lar steel construction. Comfort... consurgical procedures of LDS Hospital, Salt Lake City. tour designed seats and backrests.

Easy folding... legs glide open and

Cincinnati Stake, the first stake in Ohio since Kirtland Stake closed. Safety...selfadjusting hinges

was organized in February 1834, was organized from parts can't slip. Finish... snagfree, chip

of the Great Lakes Mission. Elder Thomas Blair Evans was and rustresistant. In 11 new colors.

sustained as president of the stake, with Elders Paul Ellis Lowe and

John Arthur Taylor as his counselors. The stake has a membership Now at a new low price

of approximately 2250 with the wards at Cincinnati, Dayton, Fairborn, Northern Kentucky, and Springfield. Independent branches

are Georgetown and Middleton. This is the 270th stake now functioning in the Church. It was organized under the direction Samsonite

of Elders Mark E. Petersen and LeGrand Richards of the Council folding chairs

of the Twelve.

For church, club, other group seating information, see your Yellow

Pages or write: Shwayder Bros.,

Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE-1, Detroit 29, Mich.

JANUARY 1959 13.. Music the

by President

I sincerely join in the tributes that have recently been given the Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir, both at home and in those great cities of America and

Canada where they have sung in their concerts.

The members of the Tabernacle Choir have gone on their tours as ambassadors of good will—representing in honor and in artistry the State of Utah as

well as the Church. The service rendered by them

has brought good will and commendation to us as perhaps no other organization has been able to do.

The Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir has attained, through merit, outstanding recognition as one of the great choral organizations of the world. It

merits the gratitude of all members of the Church. I do

not know of another choir in the world that gives so much time and means, financially, in their service, as the members of this choral group. In behalf of

the Church I thank them with all our hearts for their unselfish devotion and continual attention to this great duty.

We express gratitude and appreciation for our singing groups throughout the Church. We always

hear from several of them, in addition to the Tabernacle Choir, during our general conferences. Perhaps at one session we may have a group of men and

women singers who have come from Europe for the sake of the gospel. To them we cannot say in words

the appreciation we feel in our hearts. How well

they sing the songs of Zion. How gladly they render

their service.

Also there are the Singing Mothers from our Relief

Societies. Even their title "Singing Mothers,"tells

a story of sacrifice, a story of love, a story of home.

No wonder they sing so inspirationally and lift us up to spiritual heights. Likewise, we cannot forget the

Men's Chorus from the Tabernacle Choir who sing for us at our general priesthood sessions. How

glorious, also, have been the choruses of young folk from our university, the Aaronic Priesthood choruses, and the singing groups at the Mutual Improvement

Associations'June conferences. These young people—

Editor's Page

Universal Language

David O. McKay

and we could never forget that picture—often fill the further and better. Try to so live that good music

seats of the choir section of the Tabernacle and overwill fill your hearts.

flow into the galleries; young people with high hopes, There can be no greater missionary work than to

young people with faith, young people of purity. They sing the songs of Zion among our friends who have

just seem to throw their young hearts into the expresnot yet accepted the message of the restored gospel.

sion of love through singing, and we all respond to it! I am reminded that just before the mob broke into

In the wards and branches there are choirs, Relief Carthage Jail, just before the bullets ended the mortal

Society, Sunday School, and Mutual Improvement existence of Hyrum the Patriarch and his brother groups. And we must not forget the Junior Sunday Joseph the Prophet, the beautiful hymn, "The Poor

School and Primary children. How sweetly they sing. Wayfaring Man of Grief,"by Montgomery had

The Lord has said: "For my soul delighteth in the echoed through those barricaded halls. Music in

song of the heart; yea, the song of the righteous is praise of Christ and in thanksgiving was the last

a prayer unto me, and shall be answered with a impression on the spirit of Joseph Smith and of his blessing upon their heads."(D & C 25:12.) brother, Hyrum.

Truly, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday The most wonderful story that was ever given to

Saints is a church of singers. May it ever be so. the world was proclaimed by an angel, accompanied

We do not have any thoughts that cannot be exby a heavenly choir. I believe that it is not only the

pressed either in words or gestures, but there are most glorious story, but also the most beautiful story feelings in the human heart which cannot be that was ever related. What did the choirs sing at

expressed in any language or words; so we must proChrist's glorious birth? What message did they

vide ourselves with other mediums of expression; for bring to the world which has resounded throughinstance, music, art, architecture—the wonderful arts out the world for almost two thousand years and

which do not belong to any nation, but which speak should find a place in the hearts of those who love the language of the soul. Music is international. the truth? First, every person should give the honor

Although the words may be Polynesian or Italian or to his Father in heaven—give glory to God who was

German or English, music is always understood by personified in the birth of the Savior at Bethlehem, the soul. who lives to glorify the Father, the Creator of all.

Music is a divine art. And the people who love Second, peace, not passion, not even happinessmusic are not a bad people. But there is in music peace, the greatest blessing which a man can receive.

that which appeals also to the baser emotions of Third, good will toward men. Oh, how large is this

man; but the music of which we speak lifts us up and thought! Oh, how few are there who really welcome

brings us to a nobler and better sphere, and I am glad these three principles.

that I belong to a church that from the beginning May God soon usher in the day when this message has held this divine art as an ideal. shall belong to every nation. Peace be with all men

Whenever I listen to inspiring renditions of "O and women who have placed themselves in a posiMy Father,""Come, Come, Ye Saints,""True to tion to preach this message, by deed, by word, and the Faith,"or any of our Church hymns, I think by song, and some day may we all be worthy to hear music is truly the universal language, and when this heavenly choir again, not as a message to be it is excellently expressed how deeply it moves our preached, but as a message which has filled the whole souls! world, the context of which is "Peace on earth, good

I say to you, develop this art of divine melody will to men."

JANUARY 1959 15 If*

Are Children

Born in Sin?

Question:

'Tn a discussion with a gentleman of another faith, he made the statement that a child is horn in sin.

That the conceiving of a child even in lawful wedlock is a sin. Of course I have been taught differently and

voiced our teachings on the original sin of Adam and

Eve, and then made the statement, 'To my knowledge, there is not any scripture in the Bible that states that a child which is born in lawful wedlock is bom in Your sin, thus making the child guilty of sin.'This person

showed me a statement in Psalm 51:5, which reads:

'Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my

mother conceive me.'Question "I have studied the scriptures, have read the numerous other literature which strengthened my testimony

in relation to original sin, but I cannot explain the statement of David in this passage, when he was the youngest of several children. Several of the nonmembers are waiting for me to prove I am right. I

/ftiswered by have satisfied them as to our belief on original sin.

They also refer to the fact that it was a Jewish belief

Joseph FicjHing Smith that the woman had to go through a purification

President of the Council M the Twelve period and ceremony after childbirth, and if it is not a sin why was it necessary for this purification?"

Answer:

No matter what David said, he was not bom in sin. The opening verses of this psalm give us the key

to the nature of David's remark, they are as follows:

"Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy

tender mercies blot out my transgressions.

"Wash me thoroughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.

"For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin

is ever before me.

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done that little children are not under the penalty of any this evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified sin. Even should their parents be guilty that does

when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgest. not place any sin on the soul of the child. It is an

"Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did eternal law that a person is to be punished for his own

my mother conceive me."sins, and not for the transgressions of others, even

In the midst of his sorrow because he violated the should it be a child's parents. When little children

moral law, he may have felt his sin keenly and in this were brought to the Lord to be blessed, the disciples manner expressed himself, but this did not make the endeavored to prevent them, but the Savior rebuked statement true that his parents were guilty of sin them saying:

and that he partook of it in his birth. Let it be re- "Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come

membered also that David was speaking only for and unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven."

of himself, and that his words cannot in justice be uni- (Matt. 19:14.)

versally applied. And again:

Little children are not born in sin when their par- "Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, ents are lawfully married. The first commandment and become as little children, ye shall not enter into

given to Adam was that he and Eve should multiply the kingdom of heaven.

and fill the earth. After the flood this same com- "Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this

mandment was reiterated and was required of Noah little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of and his posterity. To declare that children born in heaven.

lawful wedlock come into the world through a sinful "And whoso shall receive one such little child in act, is making our Eternal Father guilty of commy name receiveth me.

manding that a sin be committed, hence he would be "But whoso shall offend one of these little ones a party to the sin. We read that our Eternal Father is which believe in me, it were better for him that a

just; he cannot lie, and that his words are faithful millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he

and true. Therefore it is contrary to all that has were drowned in the depth of the sea."(Ibid., 18:3-6.)

been revealed for our Father to command his chilThese passages quoted from Matthew indicate most dren that they commit a sin in bringing children into emphatically that little children are not under the the world, and you are justified in saying that there cloud of sin. The Lord made that very clear in a

is no scripture which supports it. revelation to the Church given May 6, 1833, in KirtIt is a false doctrine which prevails in the world land, Ohio. It is as follows:

that children have to be cleansed from original sin. "Every spirit of man was innocent in the beginThose who teach such a doctrine fail to comprehend ning; and God having redeemed man from the fall,

the nature of the atonement of Jesus Christ. Adam men became again, in their infant state, innocent

and Eve brought death into the world by partaking before God."(D & C 93:380

of fruit which was forbidden, this act brought death Again we have the word of the Lord as follows:

upon them, and their posterity inherited death so "Little children cannot repent; wherefore, it is awthat we all have to die some time. To restore manful wickedness to deny the pure mercies of God unto

kind to life, the uniting again of the spirit with the them, for they are all alive in him because of his body, thus atoning for Adam's transgression, was the mercy.

mission of Jesus Christ. He came and paid that debt "And he that saith that little children need baptism

and through his sacrifice on the cross he has redenieth the mercies of Christ, and setteth at naught deemed all from death and has given them the gift die atonement of him and the power of his redempof the resurrection. The posterity of Adam in no tion.

way whatever is subject to original sin and there "Wo unto such, for they are in danger of death, is no act required of them to cleanse them from such hell, and an endless torment. I speak it boldly; God

a sin. hath commanded me. Listen unto them and give

The Lord has informed us in very positive language heed, or they stand (Continued on page 48)

JANUARY 1959 17 1H1H

Mission Music of

by Theodore L. Cannon

"All is well, All is rehearsals and sightwell!"seeing—in the space of

This moving refrain Tabernacle Choir adds to world three weeks'time. An

from the favorite Moralmost incredible feat!

mon hymn, "Come, renown in triumphant American tour. And never a letCome, Ye Saints,"still down.

echoes in the hearts If the critics are to and souls of thousands be believed—and in

who thrilled to the magnificent choral music of the every city the top musical writers were assigned to

Tabernacle Choir during the group's Grand American the event—the choir was as fresh and vigorous and

Tour1958. breathtaking in its final performances toward the

The total who heard the choir in its fifteen formal end of the journey as in the beginning.

concerts in twelve principal Eastern and Midwestern And this critical acclaim, though uniformly encities is uncertain—paid ticket sales ran well past the thusiastic and gratifying, was but a reflection of the

60,000 mark. Countless additional thousands heard actual audience reception—a thunderous ovation deits music in eight special appearances along the way, manding encore upon encore in city after city.

and the unseen audiences of the three network There have been choir tours before, and doubtless broadcasts during the course of the tour, together there will be many more. In 1955 the great organizawith those who will yet hear the recordings made tion toured Great Britain and northern European

with the Philadelphia Orchestra, will doubtless run capitals. There were some 600 in the traveling party,

the total listenership well into seven figures. some fourteen concerts were presented, and the trip

The tour was an extraordinary accomplishment... lasted six weeks. It was indeed an epochal event.

a company of 374 persons, traveling by special train, In 1911 the choir went East and sang in many of covering upwards of 7,000 miles, and performing this the same cities as on this tour. At that time it also

Herculean task of concertizing—plus almost daily appeared at the White House, singing for President

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Shirley and Don Egginton, below, one of choir's many married couples, catch skyline from New York harbor boat.

Women's section of In Toronto's Massey choir, left, as it appeared Hall, below, a full house in concert formation. greeted the choir which

Each hall required had arrived shortly beslightly different seating fore curtain time on a arrangement, dependdelayed train from Bosing on size and shape ton. Jay E. Welch conof stage. ducted.

rj * f r Jt,.,

"S gjP K,.# r. #!

t'irf-i'2'tiHhstit *

?flK w

y

"!i *.S.

#5, V

Wichita University's field house was packed to the rafters (above) for the tour premiere, a concert with the Wichita Symphony. The

crowd, counted at 12,100, was said to be the largest ever assembled indoors in that part of Kansas.

The choir dons its Sunday best for formal portrait, left, at historic Independence Hall,

Philadelphia.

The Lincoln Memorial is viewed in awed silence, right, by singers during Washington sightseeing tour.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve and Choir

President Lester F. Hewlett meditate, below, as choir broadcasts in

Washington.

and Mrs. Taft. And there have been many less extenin various ways.

sive excursions. But well could it be wondered if There was a deep spirit of dedication and devotion

there ever was a trip in which so much was done, evident throughout the trip. As is the choir's custom,

and done so well, and in such a brief period of a prayer was offered at each rehearsal and before time. every concert—sometimes in the hall or auditorium

As President David O. McKay remarked when itself, often in a crowded hotel dining room. And

someone commented on the amount of scrambled added to these were the individual prayers of the eggs and apple pie consumed during the journey: singers and staff members themselves, as well as

"From the accounts of your activities, I don't see how those of members and friends in the areas visited, of you ever found time to sit down to a meal!"the folks at home, and of the Church as a whole.

At their first rehearsal after returning home It was an inspired and inspiring experience, and

November 12, 1958, President McKay expressed the the Spirit of the Lord was manifested on many occalove and appreciation of the entire Church for the sions as the singers arose to heights beyond their choir's great missionary service and especially for expectations, and as audiences, at first cool and dethe great tour just completed—"the highest achievetached, caught the spirit and were first warmed, then

ment of your career."moved and enthusiastic—sometimes moved to actual

In a touching and heartfelt tribute the beloved tears.

leader said that music conveys sentiments and feelThe programs for the most part followed the Sunings that are beyond the power of mere words. day broadcast format, with Elder Evans introducing

"I commend you for your great service in expressthe numbers and giving a brief commentary on the ing those feelings of the heart too deep for expression music and the choir, generally with some local and in other ways,"he said. regional references, some serious, others humorous,

He read tributes and expressions of appreciation and all most warmly received.

from President Eisenhower for the choir's White Also at each concert, along with the single sheet

House appearance, and from Arthur Hull Hays, program, a 12page brochure printed in full color and president of CBS Radio, for the special program containing pictures and notes on the choir staff and presented to network affiliate executives assembled personalities and on the history of the choir, the in annual convention in New York. Tabernacle, the West, and the Church, was given to

Elder Mark E t Petersen, chairman of the choir each person attending.

tour committee representing the General Authorities, The tour got off to a rousing beginning in Wichita, added his praise to the choir for its significant miswhere an audisionary contribution in the stakes and missions of ence of 12,100, Below, Maestro Eugene Ormandy the areas visited, as did Elder Richard L. Evans of said to be the chats with group of choir members at

intermission time, top. At bottom,the Council of the Twelve, a member of the comlargest group Elder Richard L. Evans greets J. C.

mittee who was assigned to accompany the tour. ever assembled Penney and former Governor Thomas

State, county, city, and civic officials joined in exindoors for any E. Dewey after Carnegie Hall concert.

pressions of appreciation of the choir's efforts as kind of event in ambassadors of goodwill, not only for the Church, that part of the but for the state and community as well. state of Kansas,

Deserved tributes were paid too, to Choir President jammed the UniLester F. Hewlett who carried the principal load of versity of Wichresponsibility in planning and executing the great ita field house

undertaking, and to the choir staff; to Director Richon the night of

ard P. Condie who prepared and directed the enOctober 21st.

semble during the tour while his wife lay seriously Here the choir ill in the hospital; to his assistant, Jay E. Welch who sang with the

lent invaluable support and assistance and conducted Wichita Symtwo of the tour concerts; to the accompanists, Taberphony, directed

nacle Organists Alexander Schreiner and Frank by James P. RobAsper; to the tour soloist, Carole Larsen; to W. Jack ertson, in the

Thomas and his wife, Emma, who arranged and symphony series managed the complex and difficult details of travel, season opener.

accommodation, feeding, and entertainment for the And (Continued huge party; and to the scores of others who assisted on page 40)

JANUARY 1959 21 Artie's'SteMnd Tell"

"I've got an idea,"he cried. When

I looked at his face again, it was flooded with something too deep for him to tell about.

Next year I hope to be a teacher, because I shall pebbles and tiny baby toads. But I coax them to

be graduated in June. I'm taking my training under let the live creatures go because Miss Hardman

Miss Hardman, who is considered the best kinderdoesn't like to have them stuck in boxes in a window garten teacher in the state. She lectures and writes sill. One little boy, Artie, was shy at first, but now

books on child psychology and is recognized across we are good friends. He's the youngest one in the

the whole country. I admire her so much. Onlygroup—just turned five. He has big blue eyes that

only I'm a little afraid of her, and she marked my look at you directly when he talks, but in class they midterm paper only "B."Usually I get "A."often wander off, as if he were alone. He sings little

The children come around me a good deal and songs in the truest voice, but he never will stand up ask questions. They show me things like smooth and lead. I think he's an unusual child, but Miss

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Blanche Kendall McKey

Hardman doesn't pay much attention to him—just would like him. He did, as I found out the next

lets him do things in his own way. morning. He wanted to take the toy home, but he

Parents'Day was coming up, and our room was wouldn't trade his little brother for it. He said the

going to put on a circus and afterwards "Show and mothers would all like Stephen, and maybe they were

Tell."This last is an exercise the children love—they tired of clowns. So I thought I had better consult

exhibit something "different"or interesting and tell Miss Hardman.

about it. And what did Miss Hardman do but put But she was terribly busy that day. Some of the

me—poor little me—in charge of the "Show and Tell"mothers came early, and the principal herself dropped

part of the program! in once or twice. Miss Hardman is always calm.

I was feeling rather shaky when I ran out onto the And she's always kind to the children. But she's

playground after she told me, and there was Artie never one with any of us. I felt sure she wouldn't

sitting on the steps alone and looking dismal. want a live baby for "Show and Tell."Once I went

"What's the matter?"I asked. up to her and she asked, absently I thought, "What

"I haven't anything more to show and tell. I've is it, child?"

showed and telled everything; I have.""It's about Artie—his 'Show and Tell.'

"Oh, you must have something,"I said. "Stop and "Oh, handle it the best way you can,"she said

think."shortly.

"Mama won't buy me any more stuffed animals."I was afraid to press her any more. Or was I?

"I should say not. You're a big boy now."Perhaps I was afraid that she might hurt Artie.

"I know. We have a perfectly good dog—"he Onethirty came at last, and the whole school

began. marched into the auditorium. The seats reserved

But I interrupted him. "Miss Hardman won't allow for parents were already filled. On the front row

any living things. They cause confusion, and there's sat a pretty mother with a young baby. There were

no place to put them."other babies scattered here and there, but they all

Again he said, "I know"with finality. Suddenly his were older. Besides, this "mama"with her delicate

face lit up until it glowed, and his eyes sparkled like features made me think of Artie. And so did little

the sun shining on the drinking fountain. Stephen, although I couldn't have told why. Stephen

"I've got an idea,"he cried. "I could show my was a butterball in a yellow knitted suit, yellow

little brother."booties, and a tiny yellow cap with dark wisps of

I just stared at him. I saw on the air Miss Hardhair pushing through. I wanted to run down and

man's penetrating gray eyes and held my breath. hug him.

When I looked in his face again, it was flooded The kindergarten class came first on the program.

with something too deep for him to tell about. The circus was a great success, with every child taking

"Will your mother bring the baby?"I asked, after part. One group did a little stunt as monkeys. An-

a moment. other impersonated lions. Then the tigers came with

"Yes. Daddy works and sister comes to school. the elephants following, swaying their heads slowly

Stephen doesn't like strangers."and pretending to lift great heavy feet, which brought

"Well, we'll see,"I said evasively. down the house. The children had a wonderful time;

On the way home I went to the tencent store and the parents were gay; and Miss Hardman looked

bought a small Jackin-thebox. "Jack"was dressed pleased.

like a clown with a rakish little hat, and I knew Artie And then came "Show {Continued on page 52)

JANUARY 1959 23 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

OifZAiiC tfic HAt $%m*AmJ*

Note: At a time when LDS teachers of youth are give you an opportunity to choose freely and to grow

seeking frantically for answers on how to teach the through the power of correct choice. In order to

moral standard, one teacher tells the approach that achieve this for us, it was necessary that we be sent he loould use. away to school. And so a plan was organized, and

we agreed to leave the presence of our Father to be

Since there is little enough time for any of us to on our own, as it were. In order that we could attain

teach our own children all about the moral standard, the growth and development necessary, this world we parents look for assistance from the teachers of the was created. It was created for the benefit of the

Church. For my own sons and daughters, I would children of our Father in heaven, and we were happy

like the teachers to convey these thoughts, just about with this plan. Two great things were in store for us:

this simply too: one, we could receive a mortal body; and, two, we

were to be tested and tried in such a way that we

To the Teenagers of the Church could gain strength and achieve toward a fulness of

There is a special message of serious importance the stature of our Father in heaven. All of these

for you. It concerns your future and your happiness. things applied to us.

As your teacher I am greatly desirous that you find Now this first purpose is wonderfully important, for full and happy lives. Therefore, think maturely and this body that the Lord has given us is singularly

seriously on these things: valuable and sacred. It can be made eternal and may

In the beginning we lived with our Father in heaven, forever serve us. Perhaps we can demonstrate it this

and he is real. He is actually there, and I bear way: Some of you help your fathers on the farm.

testimony of it. He knew us there, and because he Suppose there is a corral with a manger, and a short

loved all of us and because he loved you, he was distance away there is a stack of hay. Suppose that

anxious for your eternal destiny and happiness. He the cattle are hungry and that the hay needs to be

was anxious that you develop as his son or daughter placed in the manger so that the cattle might eat.

and that you become much as he is. He wanted to You may sit in the house and wish and imagine and

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Boyd K. Packer

Supervisor of Seminaries and Institutes of Religion

dren to live with them, and they assumed the status of parents and became the father and mother of all mankind. This process by which eternal spirits are

introduced into mortality is called birth; and this

power which was created in Adam and Eve is given to almost every individual who has ever been born.

It is a sacred and significant power; it is a power

that is good. And you who are teenagers, like all

others who are the sons and daughters of Adam and

Eve, have this power inherent within you. This was

the great plan that was to glorify and benefit all of the children of our Father in heaven. And that power

employ all the powers of the mind, but unless you of creation is not just a part of the plan—it is the very

go out and put the hay in the manger and control key to it, the very key!

matter with the capacities of the body, the cattle will Much of the happiness that may come to you in go hungry. It seems that this body is an instrument this life will come because of this power of creation.

through which we can control matter and through The fact that there are young men who can become which we might achieve glorification. fathers and young women who can become mothers

Under the accepted plan the first parents were sent is of utmost importance to us. This power to act in

to earth—Adam and Eve. In order that the other the creation of life is sacred and sublime. With it you

spirits in the kingdom of our Father might be introcan eventually build for yourselves a home, a dominion duced to this plane of mortality, Adam and Eve—and of influence and opportunity which carries great rethis is sacred—had the power of creation—a light, sponsibility. You can invite children to live with

so to speak, that had power to kindle other lights. you—boys and girls who will be your very own. You

Under the bonds of marriage, which are also can manage this home just as you will. You can

sacred, Adam and Eve were able to invite chilbe a despot, a dictator; (Continued on page 59)

JANUARY 1959 J.O.

Leadership Development

"Here I. Am

Our hearts sometimes get pretty solidly set on our own

And God said, "J icill send the shortsighted personal gain. This was not only the

biggest problem that God had with his children in first"And the record says that "the the preexistence, but it is also the biggest problem second was angry and kept not his he has with us here. "Many are called but few are

chosen,"simply because we disqualify ourselves. The

first estate."(Abraham 3:2728.) Lord's biggest problem is still getting people to

qualify for their high calling. He still has difficulty

getting the right kind of leaders. Because his work

The Prophet Isaiah gives a partial account of a of human redemption must always be on a free will, vision which he had of the grand council of heaven. free agency basis, God is as of old still confronting

It was of the time when a savior was being chosen us with that same great question: "Whom shall I

for what was as yet an unborn race of mortals. He send? And who shall go for us?"And as in the

was to redeem a world yet in its formative stages of grand council, our reply will largely determine our development. Isaiah said, "And I heard the voice of own future and the futures of those who follow our

the Lord saying, Whom shall I send and who shall go lead.

for us?"(Is. 6:8.) What can we do about it? Perhaps more than anyModern revelation tells us that there were two who thing else, we need to develop within ourselves an

responded. One was the firstbegotten Son of God aggressive enthusiasm, patterned after the volunwho was particularly qualified for this special misteer spirit of the premortal Christ who said, "Father,

sion. He answered and said, "Here am I. Send me... here am I. Send me. Thy will be done and the

Father, thy will be done and the glory be thine forglory be thine forever."This freewill volunteer

ever."(See Moses 4:1-2.) But another also spoke. It service in responding to the call of the Lord is the

was Lucifer, the brilliant Son of the Morning, and spirit of the gospel, and the extent to which we can he said, "Behold here am I. Send me. I will be thy develop it in ourselves will determine both our blessson and I will redeem all mankind and not one soul ings and our usefulness.

shall be lost. And surely I will do it; wherefore, give The Lord gave us the key when he said, "If ye have

me thine honor."(See Moses 4:1; D & C 76:26; Is. desires to serve God ye are called to the work."

14:1214.) (D & C 4:3.) "Desire is the pilot of the soul."If

And God said, "I will send the first."And the recour desires to serve God are not strong and vital, then

ord says that "the second was angry and kept not his less worthy interests may crowd out our most imfirst estate."(Abr. 3:2728.) Because Lucifer did not portant opportunities for eternity. We need to deget his own way to serve his own interests, he became velop more aggressiveness of spirit. We need to inrebellious, and ever since he has fought against the crease our own individual initiative and desire to

work of God. Lucifer was cast out of heaven, and serve. The Lord doesn't like us to wait until we

onethird of the hosts of heaven were cast out with are "commanded in all things."This is not only his

him. By their disobedience and rebellion, they discause; it is also ours.

qualified themselves for advancement to what would There may be some people who enjoy being "hard have been their second estate. (D & C 29:36.) to get"to do church work. There are some who

This movement toward disqualification by disobediactually resist church appointment or accept it with ence is still going on—and for about the same reasons. reluctance and lack of interest. I once heard a man

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i*> by Sterling W. Sillsend me Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

say in stake conference that he had been considered the work of the Lord and draw others away after for a certain position on two occasions and each time them. But there are Some who do not respond at all. It

he had found out about it in advance and had sold is not necessarily that they disbelieve the word of the his home and moved out of the stake. But this last Lord; their skepticism goes deeper—they just don't

time he hadn't found out about it in time and was think about it one way or the other. They may be too

"stuck with the job."His words and attitude were deeply involved in their own interests or have sunk

that he did not "desire to serve God."How do you too far in inactivity because of their own indifference

think the Lord would feel about such an attitude? or lethargy. But whatever the reason, the conseIf we really believe that this is the work of the quence is that the most important opportunities ever

Lord, why shouldn't we get excited about having a offered to men are sometimes pushed aside and left part in it? That spirit was recently indicated by an without takers.

elderly gentleman who was an Aaronic Priesthood How many positions in the Church are presently adviser. He said, "I hope the bishop won't think I am unfilled? How many auxiliaries are "not fully ortoo old for this assignment. I love this work and I ganized?"How

hope my service is not terminated."many workers

Brigham Young once said, "Every man and woman are not excited is expected to aid the work of the Lord with all the about their ability that God has given them."This is the philoswork? We need

ophy that President Young himself practised vigorousto stir ourselves ly all of his life. Why shouldn't we do the same up. We need a

think won't bishop the I hope a covenant ourselves voluntarily thing? took upon lot pracmore We

assignment. for this old too I'm in council in the grand of service when we were tice in being

heaven. The opportunity is still before us and each "anxiously engaged in a good cause."We need to do

of us must give his own answer. more things "of our own free will and bring to pass

The work of the Lord has not yet been finished. much righteousness."That means a more intensive

Many assignments are still to be filled, and as of old, desire to serve God and a more aggressive and permanent enthusiasm that will not die of its own weight.

The Savior was chosen and ordained in "the first estate"to be our Bedeemer in the second estate. But

in the grand council in heaven, many others were also selected and ordained for mortal leadership responsibilities. God referred to a group of "the noble

Some people enjoy being "hard and great,"and said, "These I will make my rulers."

to get"to do church work. The Lord told Abraham that he was one of these.

the Lord is saying to us, "Whom shall I send and The Lord also ordained Jeremiah to be a prophet who shall go for us?"Our reply must reflect the inunto the nations before he was born. (Jeremiah 1:5.)

tensity of our "desire to serve."Desire is still the But Joseph Smith added some very significant inpilot of the soul. There are some in our day who formation when he told us that "every man who has a

are responding with eagerness and saying, "Here am calling to minister to the inhabitants of this earth

I. Send me."Some, Luciferlike, draw away from was ordained to that very purpose in the grand counJANUARY 1959 27

cil in heaven before the world was."(DHC VI:364.) times takes the greatest effort to rise to our most

That includes us. In all probability we were also simple responsibilities. Even then we often resemble

among the noble and great. We were probably high a flying fish that can soar for only a little way above

in the council of heaven and carried great responsithe surface before it drops back into the water again.

bility. Undoubtedly we then enjoyed the full confiSo we occasionally begin to rise toward our calling,

dence of God. There was probably a very good reabut after a feeble struggle we again drop back into

son why we were reserved to perform our mission our mediocrity.

in this age of wonWhat a thrilling thing it is to see an aggressive, ders and enlightenment resourceful, willing, untiring, welldirected spiritual known to us as the Disleader who can do the right things on his own initiapensation of the Fulness tive! How refreshing it is occasionally to read of

of Times. What a great some example like that of the Prophet Mormon who

challenge it is to know had to be restrained from doing too much. We need

that we were sent here more "Mormons."

by the direct action of Very frequently we speak of the fact that God has

God and that grand given us the "authority"to officiate in his work. But

IQ is important but "I Will'council over which he is far more important. we ourselves must develop the desire and the sense

rjresided! And we were of responsibility and the industry to make the authorsent for a specific purpose. ity useful. What does it profit us if we have the

Now just suppose that after all of this preparation, authority but lack the aggressiveness and resourcewe miss our calling. We have been called, but supfulness necessary to make it effective? What an inpose we fail to be chosen because we do not respond spiration to see one with enough selfconfidence to

to the call. If we fail in being chosen it will be beknow in advance that he will succeed, that he is precause we really don't desire to be a part of this pared to do whatever is necessary to bring accomgreatest of all enterprises. John A. Widtsoe wrote: plishment about. He knows he will not fail, because

"Those who receive the message of the gospel are he will not permit himself to fail. "IQ"is important

obligated not only by divine command to warn every but "I Will"is far more important.

man his neighbor, but also by that ageless agreement Occasionally the Lord has referred to some parmade before this world was organized, that those who ticular person or group as his "friends."(D & C 84:63;

were privileged to seek and find the gospel during 84:77; 94:1.) To be the friend of the Savior of the

their earthly career would do all in their power to world would seem to imply a similarity of interests—

bring it to the attention of others."That means to a similarity of responsibility and enough strength to

magnify the position of leadership to which we were stand firmly for what we believe. It has been said

ordained in heaven. that in addition to merely obeying God we ought to

The Lord has counseled us again and again to "agree with God,"to see things from the correct develop our initiative and the resourcefulness necespoint of view and do the things necessary to qualify sary for us to measure up to our calling. He has us not only as servants but for the higher rank of

warned us of the awful consequences of doing nothing "friends."

until we are commanded. The highest prizes in life When Jesus said, "Father, here am I. Send me,"he

are reserved for those who use their initiative most knew it meant suffering and opposition and even wisely—those who see their opportunities and do death. But he was prepared. That has been true of

their duty most acceptably on their own power. many great leaders. When someone was needed to

But sometimes we just can't get going. It somecarry on after the cruci- (Continued on page 44)

NEW YEAR'S WISH By Gladys M. Walley

May this New Year bring to you

All the values, clear and true,

Which in street or church to find

Bring a lasting peace of mind.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What will your child remember?

by Christie Lund Coles

Watching a child glued to a television set, or sitting First, we must examine the morning... the mornin a crowded movie theater, living vicariously the ingglories in bloom beside the kitchen door; the

excitement produced there for him, I wonder, "What robin's nest where yesterday we had discovered three will this child remember from his childhood? What tiny blue robin's eggs; there were the dewdrops on

nostalgia will these golden years hold for him... the grass, to touch, to make sure they were not

or her?"jewels dropped in the night by some kind fairy;

And I remember my own youth, the magic of it, there were the daisies to pluck the petals from, one the lovely days bound fast in memories that are by one, as we made a -wish.

priceless. Then there was the Town Hall grounds across the

I remember the long summers—that seemed forstreet where we found an improvised teetertotter.

ever—in a small town where I was born—how I could A long hose used by a horsedriven fire truck, hung

hardly wait for the sun to be up so I could be up from the tall trees. Sometimes, with a little help,

also, could eat the hearty breakfast of our homewe could screw the two ends together to make a grown strawberries, cream taken from the milk of marvelous, high swing that went soaring out into a neighbor's cow; cooked cereal, homemade bread; the sky.

eggs from our own chickens, (which my sisters and Gathering another friend, we would often go to

I had gathered from the nests of the clucking, proher grandfather's place west of town. What a detesting hens), and homecured ham or bacon. I light was the small, rosecovered house, with hollycould hardly wait to go out into the cool, sunfiltered hocks surrounding it, and a deep well in the back

glorious morning, climbing a fence into a neighbor's yard where we would look down and see our images orchard to find a sweetbough, or a pinkcheeked in the clear water before the whitehaired grandpa crab apple, to let my teeth sink into its sweetness, would pull up the bucket and give us a cold drink to feel its juice upon my tongue. from a dipper which hung there always!

Or I most likely would climb a fence on the other He had been a bugle boy in the Civil War and oh, side and run, calling to my friend in her large white the delightful stories he would tell us. We would

house. She would be waiting for me, and we would go near the river and play in the sand, making "igloos"

start the magic of our day. into which we would (Continued on page 43)

JANUARY 1959 29 Melchizedek Priesthood

...:;;:.':....:::

Policies and Procedures relative to Seventies

The following policies and procedures govern the considerations, and beselection and ordination of seventies, the creation cause their services usualand discontinuance of quorums and units, and the ly are needed more with selection and setting apart of quorum presidents and elders than seventies, thev unit leaders: will thus gain for them-

1. The Calling of Seventies.—The calling of the selves greater opportuniseventies is a special one; those so called should be ties for service and

"especial witnesses"of Christ (D & C 107:25), arid brotherhood in priesthood

should have the desires, aptitudes, and inclinations activities.

for missionary work. Concern is felt for the wellbeing of the quorums

Not every elder who is ordained a seventy, howof elders. It is unwise to ordain too large a proportion

ever, need be called immediately into missionary servof the outstanding and worthy elders into the quoice. There should be a reserve of seventies in trainrums of seventies thus unduly weakening the elders

ing for missionary work, and it is the function of the quorums.

quorums of seventy to prepare their members to 3. Worthiness a Prerequisite to Ordination.—Great

teach the gospel effectively. care must be exercised in the selection and interviewThe seventies do not stand in a position intering of prospective seventies. They must be morally

mediate between elders and high priests. Rather, clean; live in harmony with the policies, doctrines,

they hold a highly specialized office, "thus differing and teachings of the Church and not run counter from other officers in the church in the duties of their thereto in sympathy or practice; pay their tithes and

calling."(Idem.) offerings to the Lord in full; observe the Word of

Seventies in the stakes of Zion should be used within Wisdom; have an exemplary family life; and those

the field of their primary responsibility—that is, in who have been divorced must have received proper

missionary service. Seventies should not be used in clearance from the First Presidency for a temple

auxiliary capacities when they are needed for missionrecommend.

ary service, either stake or foreign. 4. Selection and Ordination of Seventies.—Quorum

Worthy seventies who, because of age, physical presidents and unit leaders may ask the stake presicondition, or for other reason, can no longer be exdent to consider worthy and qualified elders with a pected to serve effectively within the field of their view to having them ordained seventies, but the stake primary responsibility may well be ordained high president will make the decision as to whether any priests. recommendations are to be processed.

2. Service as Elders—Elders should not be ordained 5. Ordination Procedures.—a. Fill out and submit

seventies until they have gained a considerable degree to the First Council the form entitled, "Request for of experience as elders, have matured in the gospel, Permission to Interview."Do not advise those being

and have become stable members of the Church. considered that their names have been submitted.

This principle applies to young men called to serve b. The First Council will pass upon the need for

as missionaries. After returning from their various additional seventies in each stake and quorum and

fields of labor, they should affiliate with the elders will grant permission to interview such worthy quorums in their respective stakes and add their brethren as may be needed.

strength to them. Because of age, social, and fraternal c. After receiving permission in each instance, a

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA member of the stake presidency will interview each of approximately seventy in each. When quorums

prospective seventy and fill out the form entitled, fall below a strength of thirtysix, and it is apparent "Recommendation for Ordination in the Priesthood."that they cannot be built up to a proper strength

If it is found upon interview that a brother is not without impairing the effectiveness of elders quorums, morally clean, does not pay a full tithing, fails to keep they will be combined with other quorums or conthe Word of Wisdom, or for some other reason is verted into units.

not presently worthy to be ordained a seventy, then Factors considered in determining the need of inthe stake president should not proceed further with creasing or decreasing quorums of seventies in the the recommendation. Rather, it is important that a various stakes include the following: stake populalabor be taken up with such a brother so that through tion; total number of elders in the stake; number of

repentance and obedience he may become worthy for elders who pay a full tithing and are otherwise worthy ordination prior to his recommendation. to be ordained seventies; the prospective missionary

d. Gain high council approval for the ordination; field, including the number in the minority groups

obtain the signatures of the bishop and president of with whom missionary work can be done; the geothe elders quorum certifying as to worthiness; present graphical area of the stake; whether the stake memthe name for a sustaining vote either at a stake bership is increasing or decreasing; the leadership

priesthood meeting or at a general session of a stake available for use as presidents of the quorums; the

conference. effect that the creation of a new quorum or the dis-

e. Submit the form to the First Council so that continuance of an existing one would have on the

arrangements may be made for final interview and quorums of elders; the number of brethren in the existordination by one of the General Authorities. ing quorums of seventy; and any special circum-

6. Organization of Quorums and Units.—In stakes stances that might prevail in the stake concerned.

having thirtysix or more seventies (and where it is 7. Changes in Quorum and Unit Leadership.—

apparent that the total number in the stake will not Changes in quorum presidencies are made on fall below this number) a quorum will be organized; recommendation of stake presidencies, who should

otherwise, a seventies unit, presided over by a chairconsult with the local quorum council in filling man and two counselors, will be organized. More vacancies except in cases in which all members of

than one unit of seventies cannot exist in any one the council are to be proposed for release. Seventies

stake, nor can a quorum and a unit exist in the same may be ordained high priests without the prior apstake. proval of the First Council unless they are serving

s to keep in quorum presidencies or in the chairmanship of Every reasonable effort should be made quorums of seventies operating with a membership units. In these cases, (Continued on page 47)

JANUARY 1959 31 The Presiding

::::-.::-::::-:-:::::::-::-:-:::'::::::::;:::::".::::::::>:: <>.-.:#:>.*

Bishopric s

*a&

Page

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 will not be eligible for an attendance seal of any kind. In the same example, if his attendance at SunATTENDANCE AT SUNDAY SCHOOL day School reached 92 percent, for instance, he would

REQUIRED IN AWARD PROGRAM receive the 90 percent notwithstanding his perfect

BEGINNING 1959 attendance at priesthood and Sacrament meetings.

Effective January 1, 1959, the individual Aaronic

Priesthood award program for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 will require a minimum attendance of NEW DUE DATES FOR ALL 75 percent at Sunday School, the same as has been STAKE AND WARD REPORTS the required minimum attendance at priesthood and

Sacrament meetings through the years. Effective immediately, ward reports for Aaronic

In requiring attendance at Sunday School as part Priesthood under 21, senior members of the Aaronic of the award program, it is felt that our young men Priesthood, and ward teaching are to reach the secretary of the respective stake committee on or beforebelong in Sunday School where they may perform the fifth of the month instead of the seventh as herepriesthood assignments and where they may receive tofore. religious instruction. Attendance at Sunday School

is vital to keeping the Sabbath day holy so far as Stake reports in all three programs are to be mailed to the Presiding Bishopric's Office on or before the

Aaronic Priesthood bearers are concerned. In fact,

10th of each month instead of the fifteenth asit is hardly possible for a young man who holds the heretofore.

priesthood to keep the Sabbath day holy and stay

The various bulletins and leaders'lists prepared by away from Sunday School unless legitimately excused.

New Aaronic Priesthood rolls for 1959 will have a thisefficientlyoffice ifcanwe arebe givendone thesemore extrapromptlyfive daysand whichmore provision for listing attendance at Sunday School will accrue to us from the faithful adoption of the in addition to priesthood and Sacrament meetings.

above deadline dates for ward and stake reports.

The quorum secretary will call the roll, giving each member the opportunity to report on the meetings attended during the week since the last quorum meetAaronic Priesthood Under 21 ing was held.

Attendance seals will be given for 90 percent, 95 NEW HANDBOOKS AND percent, and 100 percent attendance at priesthood ROLL BOOKS NEEDED FOR 1959 meeting, Sacrament meeting, and Sunday School for the year. Awarding of attendance seals will not be All stake and ward leaders in the program for

the basis of average attendance; for instance, a young Aaronic Priesthood under 21 will need the revised

man with a perfect attendance at priesthood meeting handbook issued January 1959. Important changes

and Sacrament meeting throughout the year, but with in the program necessitated considerable revision, less than 90 percent attendance at Sunday School making all other handbooks for this program obsolete.

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Immediately when new handbooks are received, PERFECT ATTENDANCE please destroy all former editions on hand. FOR SEVEN YEARS

A new roll book will also be needed for each quoof RogerAaronicis onePriesthoodof the distinguishedbearers who groupmainrum or group of Aaronic Priesthood under 21. tained a perfect record of attendance at

meeting, Sacrament meeting, The new rolls contain the provision for recording priesthood years he the seven School for and Sunday each young man's attendance at Sunday School in was in the Aaronic Priesthood. He was

teachers the of and of the deacons president at priesthood and Sacrato his attendanceaddition teacher, and served as a ward quorums, has Roger F. Rawson at Sunday School Attendance Priesthood Aaronic individualment meetings. seven earned

of the son Roger is to the God"award. "Duty andbeen added as a new requirement in the award proawards Lake Ward, V. Hooper Second Rawson, Frank Mrs. Mr. and

gram beginning January 1, 1959. View (Utah) Stake.

GRADUATES

OF THIRD SCHOOL

Jerome Second Ward, Gooding (Idaho) Stake, graduated twenty from the third school for senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

Two members of the class were not present for the photograph.

SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL REPLACES Era in the future as it has been for several years

PRINTING OF WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE past. Instead, supplementary material on the subIN THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ject will be provided each month as additional helps

for ward teachers and for home reading as well.

The ward teacher's message will not be printed on The printed "message"will be supplied in the the Presiding Bishopric's Page in The Improvement Study Guide for Ward Teachers as heretofore.

FASTING AND FAST OFFERINGS

Prepared as a supplement to the Ward Teacher's Message for February 1959

"After much fasting and prayer"is a familiar phrase to the relief of the poor is thrice blessed, (1) in a small in the Book of Mormon. The records then continue measure, at least, he is made aware of the pangs of

to recount the great blessings of the Lord which hunger which awaken his sympathy and understandfollowed these evidences of humility. ing for those who are wanting in the necessities of

"Fasting"and "prayer"are companion exhibitions life, (2) he is made humble which feeling of deof the humble and contrite spirit. One is always more pendence upon the Lord sends him to his knees in

complete with the other. This does not mean that prayer, (3) he becomes more selfless when generously

we cannot effectively fast without praying or fervently sharing his substance with those less fortunate.

pray without fasting. But it does suggest the possiThe amount of fast offering one should contribute

bility that fasting and prayer, together, insure a depends upon the cash equivalent of the two meals greater measure of humility and contrition. not eaten on fast day and will vary considerably, deThe person who fasts and prays is twice blessed. pending upon the circumstances and food standards

But the person who fasts and prays and contributes of the contributor.

JANUARY 1959 33 Sixth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

His cake is only twothirds baked r>n

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of the 14year-old boy)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

Portrait of a 14year-old for orchestra, track, debating, and drama—and get

A 14year-old boy is "potentially"everything yet eliminated in all four. They tell him to come back

"practically"nothing. He is mostly something about after he's developed a little more. He envies the

to be. His voice is changing. His chin is sprouting few kids at junior high who seem to have already

a fuzz. He is too big for Little League baseball and developed and who have a sort of monopoly on

too young for Junior League baseball. He attracts athletics, studentbody offices, assemblies, and girls.

girls but borders on convulsions when one gives him As he surveys the world Junior wonders how he can personalized attention. At 14 Junior talks big and feel so good about life and yet foul up so consistently.

thinks big but somehow most things are just beyond

Physical Traits of a 14year-oldhis powers of fulfilment. Mother nature seems to

have him suspended in space—he knows he has just Physically, as we have mentioned, our 14year-old

come from somewhere, but he hasn't any idea when Junior is something about to be. At 13 he still looked

or where he is going to arrive. very much a boy. Now, at 14, the beginnings of

As one expert put it, "His cake is only twothirds mature features are evident. Often at this age indibaked!"vidual features seem coarse and unrelated to the rest

All of this is doubly difficult for Junior because of the face. Similarly, legs or arms appear out of

he doesn't feel at odds with the world, yet he knows proportion. This makes Junior feel awkward. He

he is. This is an ebbtide year and Junior is basically can't find a place for his hands. His feet stick out

a happy, hearty, outgoing personality who wants to too far. He is often conscious of his new height and

live and let live. But living turns out to be rather stands stoopshouldered as though he wanted to be

miserable for most 14year-olds. He doesn't fit life shorter again.

yet. Whether at school or at home, or with the gang, However, a 14year-old can begin to see his "mushe seldom gets the warm, deep down feeling of cles."This may become a badge of distinction for

successful achievement. him. He may go out for weightlifting at school or

At school he sees a girl who seems "real nice"and attempt to show physical prowess in some other way.

sends her a sincere, sentimental valentine, only to With this obvious physical development some minor have her call it "kid stuff."Then he tries to pretend problems in personal hygiene are likely to arise.

he's pretty tough around school and a little wiry From now on Junior will perspire much more freely.

freckledfaced kid practically knocks his block off. Good soapy showers and the daily application of a

For awhile he even thinks about carrying a sock deodorant stick should help.

full of rocks "just for protection."He may try out Socks are also a problem. Even after one wearing

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

they seem to get "odoriferous."This is frequently due During this period the skin is also very susceptible

to the fact that Junior's dad can only afford one pair to blackheads and large pores. Somehow a boy

of school shoes for him, and with all the running and cannot remember to wash regularly and when he sweating he does, socks just don't have a chance to does the water on his face usually covers no more stay fresh very long. Having a pair of changeoff than six square inches. A quick lesson about "the

shoes will help, along with fresh socks daily, a foot regular scrubbing of the face with soap and water on bath each night, and a good application of medicated a washcloth"is likely to help as much as anything.

foot powder each morning. The use of witch hazel or an astringent will also help

Junior isn't as frail as he was at 11 and 12. We keep the skin pores, particularly around the nose,

seems to have lots of stamina and seldom misses from becoming distorted or enlarged.

school because of illness. His measured strength is

The 14year-old Around the House

If a 14year-old blows up from the pressures of adolescent life he is likely to take his spite out on his home. This, we will discuss in a moment. But the

average youngster who is generally well adjusted will get along better around home than almost anywhere.

At first he may try his social wings abroad and express a desire to be "independent of the family,"but when he finds that for the moment he seems to be a social misfit he is likely to retreat to the family fireside.

Parents can do many things to help Junior maintain his moorings during this difficult period. For example, they will find that he generally responds to praise

better than criticism. He needs encouragement at

frequent intervals because he is still suffering from a heavy dose of selfcriticism which he gulped down during age 13. He can also be helped in his social

adjustment. He should feel free to invite his friends

over to the house. These friends will be wild, woolly,

and noisy but they can be kept under control without embarrassing Junior if the parents keep their sense of humor. Two things, however, can be fatal.

One is to impose unreasonable discipline or talk to them as though they were "little kids."Junior may

never forgive his parents for this kind of breach, and he may be too embarrassed to invite his friends back. The other parental booby trap is turning the

house over to 14year-old Junior and his gang with the admonition, "Now be good boys while we're more than twice what it was at 10. He likes to roust gone!"The only thing they will want to know is

around, enjoys playful wrestling and usually wants "how long"the parents will be gone. The pandato participate in physical impact sports. monium which will then break loose is likely to make

Junior's sprouting beard may create a problem. He some rather lurid history for these halfbaked cakes.

is likely to lock himself up in the bathroom once or About this age a boy may express a desire to get twice a week and skim off the fuzz. Most boys resent better acquainted with a certain girl at school who

being kidded about their shaving at this early stage. is "real cute."Parents can make it easier by enFurthermore, shaving may irritate the skin and help couraging Junior to invite her to go with the family

promote a good case of acne. Acne adds to an alto the show on Saturday night or go on a picnic or

ready welldeveloped sense of inferiority and may a beach party. In fact, early dating under these cirimpair the normal maturity of a boy's personality. cumstances might be encouraged by the parents of

If acne becomes serious, a doctor should be conboth the boy and the girl.

sulted. Improper diet or some other contributing Parents will notice that Junior is capable, during

cause may need to be identified. his better moments, of being more adult around the

house than when he was 13. He takes responsibility up. The average 14year-old is far more hungry for

a little better and will generally do his share of the group identification than teacher identification. Therechores around home. However, he will resent having fore, his mental radar is always tuned in on the class.

disagreeable jobs unloaded on him too often, espeIf they are interested in the lesson and the teacher, cially if it looks like Mom and Dad are "just trying then he wants to be. If the class is distracted by

to get out from under."Doing dishes and other something else, then he prefers to focus on that.

routine household duties are just as much a bore to Noise and buffoonery characterize the normal in- a teenager as they are to parents. And as for the clinations of boys this age. In between classes they

yard—its appearance is a lot more important to Junior's play around like overgrown puppies. They grab each

folks than it is to him. other, push, wrestle, and punch. They do the same

Parents may find themselves "jawing"at Junior because he seems to be involved in far too many things. If he is a normal, outgoing boy, he is likely

to have his mind loaded with such miscellaneous items as astronomy, electronics, ham radio contacts, model planes, science fiction, 4H Club, Scouts, buildGRACE BEFORE MEALS ing a motor scooter, getting a job, getting good grades at school, and trying to be more popular.

The breathless excitement of all this mental rushing The children gathered for their meal, about is probably going to make him a little forgetful Hungry, anxious to be fed.

about such irrelevant things as washing the car, doing Seated, they waited patiently dishes, running an errand or going to bed.

While Father bowed his graying head All of these multitude of interests plus a newborn passion for privacy make Junior begin pressing And prayed to God, addressing him the folks for his own room. If feasible, this is desirable. With words of praise and gratitude.

However, if it cannot be arranged conveniently it

He offered thanks for health and home will help to give Junior a dresser or at least a drawer which can be locked. Nothing plagues a 14year-old And asked a blessing that the food,

as much as having the little kids get into his things. Which was prepared, might nourish them

And nothing is more fascinating to smallfry than And give them strength for goodly deeds.

Junior's stuff. A lock and key seem to be the only

known solution. Sometimes he'd insert prayers for rain

Or mention other special needs.

The 14year-old at School The food, though served in small amounts,

A few boys this age will suddenly come into full bloom academically and begin their careers as honor Seemed leavened by his humble prayer, scholars. For most boys, however, 14 is a rough Till it was adequate to feed

year. They claim they would like to get good grades The numerous children gathered there.

but "just don't have time."The mad scramble of

many competing interests as well as the strong inward by Winona F. Thomas

anxiety to be accepted socially combine to make school just a phase or a minor part of life's big pattern.

Both parents and teachers have to concentrate on keeping Junior's eye on the ball. Teachers can help

by making classes as adventurous and stimulating as possible and parents can help by making Junior's outthing with their voices. Their bellowing back and

side activities dependent on whether or not he gets forth down the hall is to get attention and appear his homework done or keeps up in school. blase. To them loudness is not noise—at least it

At school the teacher finds a class of 14year-olds doesn't bother them. The main thing is to comvery groupconscious and therefore easily distracted municate sound and furv and if the whole world can

from the lesson. The challenge is to constantly keep hear it, so much the better.

the lesson so interesting that the group stays on it. Teachers find their 14year-olds anxious to test life

Group focus can be shattered by one or two in the by trial and error. They want to find out about

class showing off, whispering, and giggling or acting many things which are {Continued on page 57)

JANUARY 1959 37 River SumChun, to the north of which is the Chinese mainland and to the south of which is the Kowloon

Peninsula. People can see each other in focus on

either side of the banks. The river is also the separation of capitalism and communism. Prior to the civil

war in China, much trade and communication were carried on between Canton and the colony. Goods

as well as people could go to and fro without any difficulty. Now everything has been changed. Since

China has been overturned by the red tide, people who wish to come to Hong Kong, or go back to China, have to apply for permits from both the governments of Hong Kong and Red China.

As Hong Kong is so near to China, the relations between these two places are very close. Although

the people are mainly Chinese, they are obeying the

British laws. The inhabitants of Hong Kong are

breathing the air of democracy. Since the communists

have taken over China, the democratic system of JjlXV0t& Hong Kong has become very conspicuous throughout the entire Chinese mainland. Because the political

systems are so noticeably different, Hong Kong can truly be called the Window of Democracy for the adjacent communist world. ixvto Hong Kong is a hilly island, and the northern part

of the Kowloon Peninsula is farming fields, therefore the majority of the people can live only in the northern coast of the island and the southern end of the peninsula. The population is estimated at 2,400,000

to 3,000,000 and is still increasing as great numbers of people are coming in daily from the Chinese mainby LaiWah Quan & Sealon Fung land. It can be said that Hong Kong is one of the

most densely populated localities in the world. The

ordinary houses in Hong Kong are four stories high;

Hong Kong is a British crown colony which is the higher buildings reach twenty stories. Some

situated at the mouth of the Pearl River in southern buildings of more than thirty stories are being built

China. The colony consists of the island of Hong in the downtown area. In consequence of the dense

Kong and the adjacent Kowloon Peninsula of which population, the government of Hong Kong is working the total area is 391 square miles. Hong Kong Ishard to solve the housing problem for its people.

land is extremely irregular in outline, eleven miles Whoever pays a visit to this city will praise its long from east to west, and in breadth, it varies from beauty. Here is a mixture of the eastern beauty and

two to five miles. In the colony, which is prethe western interest. Chinese junks, sampans, and

dominantly Chinese, there are many foreigners from rural scenery can be seen. Western type buildings

different countries. They are all living happily withare dotted closely throughout the colony, and the

out any racial prejudices. beauty of the night in Hong Kong is far renowned.

In the world today, besides Berlin, Germany, Hong To have a far glimpse from Kowloon to Hong Kong

Kong is considered to be an outpost of the western at night, with the many lights glowing like countless nations. The boundary of the colony is the small diamonds of different tints ( Continued on page 48

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Right: Sister Yeung, missionaries had arrived, but departed with little,

convert, a recent who if any, missionary work done. And in 1949 Hilton A.

five children her supports with her sewing. Robertson with a small group of missionaries had

labored in Hong Kong for a period of six months but

Below: They come were forced to leave by the communist invasion of

the to study families as the Chinese mainland. Elder H. Grant Heaton, Church. join the gospel and

This is the Lee forced to leave in 1950, was now back as the new family. mission president. Work had not progressed as had

been hoped before, but this time we all prayed for * the Lord's blessing in the establishment of the mission and that we be accepted by the Chinese people.

Many problems faced missionaries in such a land;

and since we were the first group, we faced them without the aid of senior companions. We began

the task with much faith and great humility. We

soon found the most difficult obstacle, and an imA3fi#3fooi among the language.mediate task,We tostudiedbe thefor learninga few weeksof thebeforeChinesewe

even attempted to go among the people to tract.

Chinese people Young men we hired at that time to help us in our study were to be among the first of our converts in by Malan Robert Jackson the mission. Our first tracting enabled us to enter

only the homes of the Englishspeaking people, but after five or six months most of us were able to teach the people in their own language. It was, indeed, a

blessing of the Lord to be able to use the language in so short a time.

One of the first people I taught in the Chinese language was a woman, Dr. Tong, who was reached

in one of the first branches organized shortly after our arrival in the mission. Like many of our first

contacts, she was very well educated and spoke some

English. Teaching her, and later her children, was

most enjoyable; and the Spirit of the Lord as we

taught this woman gave me courage and strength to carry forth the missionary work. A few months

later, this woman and her son were the first Chinese

On August 23, 1955, eight missionaries arrived in people to be baptized through our missionary efforts.

the British Colony of Hong Kong to teach the gospel Through her, many other families came into the in the newlyorganized Southern Far East Mission. Church. She is now here in America furthering her

Previous to this time, H. Grant Heaton had been studies as a doctor. Her testimony has thrilled memcalled to serve as president of the mission, and just bers of the Church here as it thrilled those who knew

a few days earlier, President Joseph Fielding Smith her in the mission field. The faith of this woman,

had presided at a conference in the Japanese Mission and her strength in the gospel, are representative of at which time he formally announced the dividing the Chinese members of the Church.

of the mission in two, to form the Southern Far East Because of the communist invasion of the Chinese

Mission and the Northern Far East Mission. mainland, the small colony of Hong Kong is filled

This was not the first time missionaries had been with a much greater population than it can support.

sent among the Chinese people! Years earlier, in 1853, I was assigned to a (Continued on page 51)

JANUARY 1959 39 Tabernacle Choir members take time off between concerts to visit many of the nation's historicalshrines. Here

the)'visit Mt. Vernon, home of George Washington in Virginia.

Mission of Music Auditorium Music Hall, in the great ducted by the Assistant director, was

Kiel Auditorium in St. Louis and in again acclaimed by the critics, one

(Continued) here too, the world the Veterans Memorial Auditorium of whom, Clyde D. Moore (Ohio

premiere was given to the new in Columbus, were similarly enState Journal), described it as "a orchestrachoir arrangements of thusiastically received. veritable Niagara of glorious sound

"Come, Come, Ye Saints,"by Utah's "Choral art of unparalleled beauty... excellently trained and disciLeRoy J. Robertson and of "O My and eloquence,"wrote Clyde Neiplined, as responsive as one great

Father,"by Crawford Gates. barger, noted music critic of the instrument to the touch of the

Acoustically, the setting left some Kansas City Star. conductor.... This is a choir!"

things to be desired, but by the ex- "This group of 325 singers proved The week end in Washington was pert manipulations of the choir's anything but unwieldly under Mr. a series of unforgettable thrills for

traveling technical experts, Paul Condie's eloquent and "evocative all concerned. Sunday morning

Evans and Richard Welch, the sound hands,"wrote Francis A. Klein in Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Counwas gathered in and the vast bowl's the St. Louis GlobeDemocrat. "It cil of the Twelve met with the

echoes stilled, and the music came showed evidence of the closest sort singers as they filled the major part out beautifully. of discipline... it sang with blend of the beautiful Washington Chapel

"An inspired evening,"wrote C. and balance and cohesion, with for the weekly broadcast, and a few

in theHenry clarity Nathan Eagle. Wichita resonance and volume. hours later and they presented a special

"Perhaps musical organizathe two It ranged forte from piano to for and program than 2,000 more memtions inspired each other, and both every shade between with consumbers of the Washington press corps certainly inspired the greatest gathmate ease. and their guests at the Sheratonering of music lovers in Wichita's "But above all, it had heart. It Park Hotel.

history.... In an evening of mounthad conviction. It had a firm belief Then came what for some 125

ing climaxes, the absolute climax in what it was singing, whether a singers was the highlight of the enwas reached in the two traditional fervent hymn from its own church, tire trip—a "command performance"

Mormon hymns.... Here was such as the stirring 'Come, Come, for President and Mrs. Eisenhower

breathtaking vocal beauty of spirYe Saints,'or a simple folk song...."and their guests at the White House.

itual simplicity and complete dediIn Columbus, where the choir was It was a precedentbreaking affair cation."greeted by Ohio's Governor C. Wilin many respects. In the formal

Concerts the succeeding three liam O'Neill and Mayor Jack atmosphere of the historic home of evenings in Kansas City's Municipal Sensenbrunner, the concert, conAmerica's Presidents, the Chief

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Left: Dr. Frank W. Asper and Dr. Alexander Schreiner, Tabernacle organists, are visited backstage at the Lyric

Theater in Baltimore by Grant Johannesen, Utah's outstanding concert pianist. Mr. Johannesen was scheduled to

play in Baltimore the following night. (Bight) A relaxation session on the train: Bay Bradford, left, with clarinet,

and Owen Clark, with the guitar.

Executive and First Lady treated the choir recalled their predecessors'deep reverence"—these were typical

the singers and choir officials like singing nearly half a century ago. of the critics'comments on these

old hometown friends, first demandBoth audience and critics joined in performances.

ing several encores beyond the offienthusiastic acclaim of the performThe choir's second Carnegie Hall cially scheduled program, and then ance. concert, a program of its regular

visiting and chatting informally And now the week in Philadelphia tour numbers without the orchestra, among them as they plied them with and New York with its mounting was also warmly received by a refreshments and pointed out many climaxes and thrills! Four percapacity audience which included a

historic and interesting features of formances of Handel's great Mesnumber of distinguished musicians the mansion. siah with the Philadelphia Orchestra and public figures.

"I am honored that I can call under the baton of Eugene OrThree special events during this

President McKay my friend,"the mandy—three in the Philadelphia week were the appearance before the

President said in response to a greetAcademy of Music and one in New Columbia Broadcasting System staing conveyed by Elder Evans. And York's famed Carnegie Hall! tion affiliate executives from all parts

to the choir, "My admiration is not These, together with the numerous of the country at the Waldorf for the disciplineonly and excellent sesrehearsals the hotel in recording Astoria and York, a noonNewsinging, but also for your sense of sions, of not only at the Messiah, store concert the but day Wanamaker dedication, knowing you are a volunalso of another album of other choir in Philadelphia, and a spot on the teer personal choir great making numbers, were indeed memorable Sunday night Ed Sullivan television sacrifices this to the nation bring occasions. show.."

.. will. ofmessage good

He was especially enthusiastic Mr. Ormandy, his musicians, and Staid Bostonians made the welkin

over the choir's "Battle Hymn of the noted soloists chosen for the ring as they clapped and cheered the Republic,"while Mrs. EisenMessiah productions, William Warthe choir's performance November

hower declared Luther's "A Mighty field, Davis Cunningham, Leontine 6th in the hub city's magnificent

Fortress"was particularly appealing Price, and Martha Lipton—all were Symphony Hall. "The choir is a

to her. enraptured by the choir's inspired powerful and sensitive instrument,"

The concert at historic Constitusinging of this magnificent work. wrote Cyrus Durgin in the Boston

tion Hall Monday night brought a On all four occasions the "Amen!"Globe. "Its quick response is notable.

glorious climax to this first phase of of the final chorus found the audiIts clarity, depth and weight of tone the tour. With thousands turned ences standing on their feet, apare impressive... a thrilling, gloriaway because of an early sellout, plauding and shouting their "Braous quality of beautiful resonance."

this concert was broadcast over vos! In Toronto's Massey Hall, singing

radio, and again the critics were The ovation on one occasion without supper and with only a few warm in their praise. The frequentlasted more than ten minutes, as minutes'rehearsal after a delayed

ly caustic Paul Hume of the Post conductor, orchestra, and soloists all arrival, the choir again came through reported: "The impact of the great turned and joined in the applause in stunning fashion. "An artistic

chorus is something almost tangible of the choir which had unmistakably triumph from beginning to end,"as the sound of nearly 330 voices, "stolen the show."wrote George Kidd. "Each number

beautifully produced and exhibiting "A blaze of operatic splendor"; "A was given with splendid discipline

an astounding discipline, fills the superb performance rising to new and an overall knowledge of musical air... a torrent of tone that no heights of glory"; "A sumptuous values... They must have a deep

other musical resource can achieve publication of a size and quality love for music.... We can think

... faultless precision... amazing rarely if ever heard before in these of no other choir as fine as this...."

flexibility."parts"; "Music on the highest level"; In Detroit, the choir sang to anTuesday night, Baltimore, where "A marvelous organization which other sellout audience in the Henry

at the handsome old Lyric Theater combines dashing brilliance and and Edsel Ford Auditorium SaturJANUARY 1959 41

Actual photo showing acres each tractor plowed on 20 gallons of fuel. DYNAMIC D-17

with the BIG STICK leads in 3-tractor test

Photo of D-17 Tractor in dry, hardplowing, heavy Which one of today's big tractors leads soil of test field. in costsaving performance? Unmistakably, it's the AllisChalmers Dynamic

D-17 with the BIG STICK.

Here in tough fall plowing, three new ownerdriven tractors competed in a practical plowing test. Side by side,

they matched power and traction in rugged going.

Each tractor started with exactly 20 gallons of regular gasoline from the same tank truck. Each pulled four 14inch plow bottoms at the same average

depth and speed—until its fuel was

gone.

The airplane photo above clearly shows the outcome.

How can the AllisChalmers Dynamic

D-17 more than match the heavier tractors?

The automatic Traction Booster system teamed with the BIG STICK

AllisChalmers Power—the exclusive Listen

it. Director—does On AllisChalmers and! HomeNationalHourFarm

Every Saturday—NBC tractors, weight for traction is provided hydraulically, not with hundreds of builtin extra pounds that

waste fuel.

Shift to really power. new farm Make the BIG MOVE to More Profit! Greater ease are awaiting and earnings

you—see your AllisChalmers dealer.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION

MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSINALLISCHALMERS <k

TRACTION BOOSTER is an AllisChalmers trademark 42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA day night, and followed up with an may have to be repaired again,"And so it went, and so it ended, audienceattended broadcast, and a wrote Tom Leach in the Chicago and the singers, tired from their despecial concert for invited guests American. "At least that's how it manding schedule, but thrilled and

Sunday morning, in the same must have seemed to the 330 sunexcited by their experiences and spacious setting. drenched voices of the Mormon with a deep sense of satisfaction for

In the afternoon the touring party Tabernacle Choir...."He was re- a task well done, headed for home

attended a special Sacrament servferring, of course, to the thundering and loved ones.

ice arranged by Stake President ovation which greeted the singers. A tremendous welcome awaited

George Romney in the nearly com- "Not only was the hall filled, but them in the cold dawn of Novempleted Detroit Stake Center. Music there were dozens of frustrated ber 12 as their special pulled in at

editor and critic J. Dorsey Callaghan customers in the outer lobby who the Union Pacific depot, and there

of the Free Press called it "a choir showed up without tickets and were many a tearful but joyful rethat is extremely flexible, beautifulwaited well past intermission in the union with loved ones and friends.

ly disciplined, and, above all, prohope that additional seats might And thirty hours later they were foundly musical,... composed of somehow materialize,"reported Don back in their seats at the regular

amateur singers from all walks of Henehan in the Daily News. These Thursday night rehearsal ready to

life, yet as a whole, highly profestwo as well as the critics of the pick right up where they had left sional."SunTimes and the Tribune joined off after a summer of four-a-week

An overflow crowd in Chicago's in unstinted praise of the evening's workouts in preparation for the seventyyear-old Orchestra Hall sat performance. tour.

enthralled at the choir's grand "Where in the world do the MorAnd the question uppermost in finale of the tour. "The oncemons get such singers?"one critic their minds now?

cracked walls of Orchestra Hall was moved upon to inquire. Where do we go next—and when?

What Will Your Child Though we lived in a small town, can,"and "run, sheep run,"on the

Remember? andstill knew"townspeople"many ruralsincejoys,mywefatherwere bigbarnssquareand theofhouse.groundA betweensingle lampthe

(Continued) put captured pollyran the town's only newspaper, and post lighted the ground, but in wogs or toads or whatever we could we lived on Main Street. But every memory it seemed that it was

find. Often, we would have lunch, summer, at least once, we would brighter than the lights in Madison

and spend the afternoon riding stick go over to our uncle's farm. How Square Garden. There were pans

horses through the tall cattails. We happy a time that was, playing of fresh milk put on the table at

would take the ripe milkweeds and with his eleven children... swimnight and scads of warm bread and

open them, letting the silken soft ming in the canal, playing "kick the honey. The children slept four or

seeds float through the air like childhood dreams.

I remember the winters, too.

What a delight to sit around the large, potbellied stove and eat apNEW YEAR'S EVE ples and popcorn while Mama stitched at something and Papa read by Marie Daerr to us from some choice book like

Heidi, The Little Colonel, Tom This is a night for more than bells,

Sawyer, and many of the classics which they produce on TV. Half More than laughter, and more than song.

is ofthe the a good book charm

This is a night to kneel in prayer story, ofauthor's the unfolding way of taking you with him in the And ask that the Lord will walk along imaginary world he has created so that your eyes can see the action. On the paths ahead.... This is a time

Often, Papa and Mama would take For quietness and for candle glow.

us on our sleigh down the hill west of our home to skate on the wide This is a night to bid the heart river that would freeze over and seemed larger than any lake we have Forget the burden of last year's woe seen since. I can still hear our And open the future's waiting door.

voices, clear as bells on the cold and frosty air, making plumes of our This is a time to lift one's eyes breath and capturing every sound Beyond the dark of a closing day—

and sight as if they were engraved for us to keep always. To the hope of a New Year's dawning skies!

JANUARY 1959 43 five in a bed, and whispered and and the ball game in the ball park We loved the visits to Papa's ofgiggled almost until morning. in the afternoon; the children's fice, chatting with him and Mama,

There were Christmas Eves at dance, and the regular dance in the ( she set the type by hand ) watching home, after we had spent days openair pavilion at night. We the big hand press that printed the

threading popcorn, making shiny could lie in our bedroom and hear paper, and the smaller foot press paper baskets to be filled with candy the magic of "Over the Waves"and that printed the shiny butter wrapfor the tree; and making paper "Oh, You Beautiful Doll"coming to pers that the townspeople, who made

chains which took the place of the us in the soft darkness. butter, bought.

tinsel and icicles we use today. There was Sunday School—as There was a wonderful world all

There was the smell of pumpkin and regular as the day itself—when we set apart by such a simple thingmincemeat pies... loads of them, wore our nicest dresses; and there being a child.

and suet pudding, and golden goose was the occasional Sunday dinner stuffed with prunes and apples. We at the White House Hotel uptown. And while I'm wondering what

all stood around the piano singing. We made fishing trips into the modern children will remember, I

There was the sleep of innocence canyon south of town; went sliding like to think that that thing itself

later. If any of us were emotionally down the "red hill"on boards fixed never changes, and that it is through

disturbed, we weren't aware of it. up just for that purpose; we had the eyes of innocence and wonder

Oh, and I can't forget the fourth fun with our dogs and our cats, and that everything takes on the sheen of July; the parade in the morning—the magpie we found and tried to and magic of what we call "memoin which most of us participated—teach to talk. ries."

"Here Am I, Send Me"out for us in heaven. Those who wavering aim to serve God. We are

expect to enjoy the great blessings the architects of our own fate, and (Continued) fixion, Simon Peter of eternity are themselves permitted every man will receive according to said in substance: "Here am I. Send to help bring those blessings about. his works. God's great question is

me."When someone was needed And one of our saddest prospective always before us. It is a thrilling

to carry the gospel to the gentiles, experiences would be to be the one challenge. "Whom shall I send?

Saul of Tarsus said, "Lord, what of the many who are called, but not And who shall go for us?"Let us

wouldst thou have me do?"Or in one of the few to be chosen. ( D & C run to meet the call with the answer

other words, "Here am I. Send me."121:34.) given by the Redeemer himself,

He didn't say, "I'll try it out for a It is up to us. And we should get "Father, here am I. Send me. Thy

little while and see how I like it."ourselves fired with the purposes will be done and the glory be thine

Joseph Smith was only fourteen of heaven and dominated by an unforever."

and a half years old when the Lord told him that the true Church was not upon the earth. Joseph said in

spirit, "Here am I. Send me."Andhe never once wavered until his WIND AFTER SNOW

blood had been shed by assassins.

The persistence to stay with the job by Maude Rubin is just as important as the initiative that gets it started. Madame Curie Loose snow is lifted, flung like frosty veils

spent her life in a successful effort to discover radium. After the 487th Whose shimmering folds stream out above the hill.

experiment had failed wherein she are bareback steeds for galesand her husband Pierre had tried to Now highheaped roofs isolate radium from pitchblende, That ride roughshod, their clamor high and shrill.

Pierre threw up his hands in despair and said, "It will never be done.

Maybe in a hundred years but never Soft turbulent ghostshapes move like feathered things in our day."Madame Curie conTo cross the pasture through latesifted light

fronted him with a resolute face and said, "If it takes a hundred years it And on the open meadowland great wings will be a pity, but I will not cease to work for it as long as I live."How Of whiteness settle in the lap of night.

thrilling it is to see this quality of persistence and determination maniLow in the valley where the drifts lie deep fest itself in the lives of the great leaders who carry on the work of the A strange unearthly lullaby is heard

Lord!

How important that quality is for As wind lifts snow, then tucks it in for sleep, us who do the important work laid Swirling its nest like some white giant bird.

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New 6-cylinder Formal! 560

gives you exclusive MultiRange power for faster farming at lower cost. Both 4 and 5-plow Farma

and International tractors have smooth, powerful 6-cylinder jas, diesel or LP gas engines.

with this great new world of IH power!

6 power sizes... 10 to 60 hp

Hitch your farming to the most versatile tractor power TractionControl FastHitch with new Tel-A-Depth ever built! See how new Farmall and International control... new lowprofile convenience... plus oftentractors can help you get ahead faster—in the field and imitated but neverduplicated TorqueAmplifier—these

financially! New MultiRange 6-cylinder power... are typical advancements that can make you a

faster, more powerful hydraulics... 2 and 3-point BIGGER man on a new IH tractor.

New fasteracting internal hyNew 3-point TractionControl FastNew low profile design. You mount

draulics, for 3, 4, and 5-plow Farmall and Hitch, for International 340 Utility and this Farmall 240, and all other IH 2 and

International tractors speed big implement other IH 2 and 3-plow tractors, mounts 3-plow tractors, with one easy step..

control. This is the new Farmall 460 tractor. most 3-point tools...gives unequaled work. Enjoy new comfort and steering ease.

Call your IH dealer for an exciting new tractor driving experience!

Get behind the wheel of a new Farmall or International tractor that fits your needs—10 to

60 hp! Discover dozens of new IH advantages from the driver's seat!

See Your

<.ier De INTERNATIONAL HARVESTERTractors Equipment for themselves and Tractors International Harvester products Wheel pay in use—

Office, Trucks... Construction General Chicago... Twine1, Illinois... Commercial... Motor Equipment—Farm

JANUARY 1959—, <-nii.ago I, Illinois moi Wheel Tractors

If we miss the Spring..

Richard L. Evans

Last week we cited some sentences from Cicero 4/ THE whichlife is included... run butthe commentin one way,thatand"Theonlycourseonce."of1

SPOKEN This said was as of youth into old it moves age, So good for babies WORD it but has in application other also. ways People

sometimes punish themselves ceaselessly for past decisions: for

...that Special mistakes in judgment, for lack of foresight, for not having seen

some things sooner. We make mistakes; we ignore experience; we

Morning Milk failus. atOftentimesweto don'theed lookthe stillforwardsmall veryvoice,far,theandwarningmake senseshortsightedwithin

decisions. We are human; we are imperfect; and there is much

that all of us would change pertaining to the past. But we should So easy to digest, Special Morning

not, let this must not, we keep us from improving the present. The

of Milk is the only evaporated milk process isn't repentance simply brooding It about it. isn't simply

especially developed for babies... feeling sorry. It is more, even, than admitting mistakes. It inthe only evaporated milk with excludes an obligation to improve upon the past, using present possitra Vitamins A and D added in bilities—for the making of a finer future. And one of the most

the amount doctors believe best to wasteful ways of living life is to let regret for things missed or mislead us to blind managed a kind of brooding which says "because help promote sound bones and I I can't have what could had, have I will not for live thankfully teeth and build resistance to what I can have."We can rerun memories, but we can't rerun life,

disease. and once we have lived through any hour we never go back to

precisely the same set of circumstances. It is now and"from here

on that is our opportunity. are penalties There for errors; there are

for Ask your doctor about Special punishments misdeeds; there are habits to overcome, decisions

Morning Milk for your baby! to regret, mistakes for which to make amends. Never, it seems,

* * do we use fully the judgment, the intelligence the Lord God has given. But life runs one way, and we cannot rerun it. But we can

if it would have been simply had we KITCHEI1 CHARITI broodedmake the andpresentfelt bettersorry thanfor ourselves. said in Paul this incisive

". sentence: WAXED PAPER are behind, and.. thisreachingone thingforth Iwithdo, thoseforgettingthingsthosewhichthingsare before,which

I press toward the mark..."2 If we miss the"spring, we'd better KEEPS FOOD

FRESHER LONGER! takesucceedingthe summer.seasons—andIf wenotmissneedlesslythe summer,let thewe'dpastbettermaketakeus alsothe

miss the present or the future that is forever before us.

1 Cicero, On Old Age.

2Philippians 3:3-14.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 23, 1958. Copyright 1958.

THE GUARDED HEART

by Jane Merchant

She said, "This heart within my breast

Was given me in trust, And I must guard its purity From all besmirching dust."

She kept it carefully and well

Secure from every storm And every rough, profaning touch;

But could not keep it warm.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW Melchizedek Priesthood HAPPINESS for the whole family

(Continued) the prior approval of the First Council, or of one of the duly authorized General Authorities operating on the ground, is required. However, stake presidents are at liberty at any time

without the prior approval of the

First Council to take a member of or of a unita quorum presidency, is Stauffer's "Magic Couch"(PostureRest), heart of The brother if suchchairmanship, being called to serve in a stake StaufTer Home Reducing Plan of effortless exercise and presidency, on a high council, or calorie reduction, provides controlled, rhythmic motion.

electricity applied to the body! vibrators! No Noin a ward bishopric. ( Stake and ward in writing. Unconditionally guaranteed

clerks are not members of the stake presidency or ward bishopric.) rr 8. Qualifications and Worthiness Mr. Sfauffer's uMagic Couch

of Quorum Presidents.—The best

qualified and most worthy available FOR MOTHER—a trim, new figure FOR FATHER—relaxation from

brethren in the quorums should be without starvation diet or strennormal muscular nervous tenselected to serve as presidents. Such uous exercise. sions.

brethren must, at the time of their installation, be living in harmony FOR SISTERcontrol of baby fat, FOR BROTHERgood posture to with the same standards required good beginning for her figure. replace that adolescent slump.

of those recommended for ordination as seventies. Inasmuch as it

does not take the full Church service Get complete details today..

time of all seven presidents in a quorum of seventy to administer Write or Call...

quorum affairs, the First Council of the Seventy will permit quorums to Idaho Utah operate with vacancies in their STAUFFER HOME PLAN STAUFFER HOME PLAN presidencies rather than install 111 North Higbee 520 East 4th South brethren who are not presently JA 2-1014 DA 8-0531 meeting the required standards, Idaho Falls, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah

9. Presidents Service of Quorum

of the I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation.as the needs Missionaries—If

missionary work in the particular stake require, as many as four of the Name Phone.

presidents of every quorum of seventy should be serving on stake Addr or foreign missions at all times.

Three of the seven presidents should City State be available to operate the quorum and should serve as chairmen of the three standing committees. Quorum AN OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTUNITY IS AVAILABLE FOR LDS WOMEN IN UTAH

presidents on stake missions should AND IDAHO... CONTACT YOUR STATE OFFICE

devote their full Church service time to that call on the same basis that all stake missionaries do. Accordingly they are relieved from the responsibility of quorum administraMAKE '59 YOUR BIGGEST HEALTH YEAR with a...

tion and committee assignment and need not attend quorum presidency LEE HOUSEHOLD ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL meetings unless these are held at a The secret to greater health all year long is bread baked from flour time when they could not be doing that has been STONE GROUND a few hours before baking!

missionary work. GET AN HONEST LOAF WITH A LEE FLOUR MILL

Electric Automatic Portable Economical

Save on introLEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, IE-1-59 ductory flour of- 1, Wis. Ave., Wisconsin 2023 W. Milwaukee

fer. coupon Send

5-lb. pkg., FLOUR, SMITH DEAF Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when D check with PPd. $1.50 Only

FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg.,

$1.00 money order for we stoop than when we soar. WISMINN.PPd. Only or

Wordsworth, The Excursion Name 5 lb. pkg. Flour

Street is stone ground City State.... day shipped.

JANUARY 1959 47 Your Question The Messiah (Continued) against you at the judgmentseat of Christ."(Moroni

8:1921.) Richard L. Evans

In regard to the practice in Israel of of purification mothers when

This moving music from The Messiah, is, in its ownchildren the offering were born and way, a witness of the mission and message of Jesusof sacrifice of doves it should be reChrist, the of Prince the was coming Peace—whose THE this a of that part wasmembered SPOKEN foretold for of centuries time, the has been and

It tothe given Moses. law more was WORD

of since. subject for sacred centuries writ all the

a of practice sanitary nature,a not if if principles, lived, His precepts and that bring obeyed, would ofthe cleansing the mother because so seek: peace earth, which the personal peace on and men much

sin.there a been committed had with peace to quiet inside blessed soul a person's which comes

is to attention called fact theYour himself. that even the out of could come, now, from And peace

thisthat in practice with keeping was anxieties, of his midst principles, uneasy with compliance by by other beceremonies whichmany the of simple the keeping the precepts gave commandments. us He

reof as to thelonged law Moses life; this, of of the laws us death; and beyond he redeemed from

corded in the books of Exodus and even as witnessed by those words which are given eloquent utterLeviticus. as These practices, such singing of the ance in Messiah. witThe also would And this we

"purification"the did of a mother ness: to the that to peace, blessed to limitless progress, way

exist the beforenot life time of Moses everlastingly, with ones loved was unto opened by the all men fulfilled Christ the endedand when death, resurrection, the life, the the death, the redemption from law. We have never been comatonement, the whole mission and the whole message, of Jesus the

manded in this day to revive them. Christ, the Savior, the Messiah.

"But, behold, I say unto you, that little children are redeemed from the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the foundation of the world through Columbia Broadcasting System, November 2, 1958. Copyright 1958.

mine Only Begotten:

"Wherefore, they cannot sin, for power is not given unto Satan to tempt little children, until they begin to become accountable before me."(D & C 29:4647.) Hong Kong Bursts ing goods and passengers. Through

is carried on beinto Blossom Hong Kong trade tween the Chinese mainland and the rest of the world.

TO A SUNDIAL of(Continued)emerald, is a setsthrill,in nota greatsoonpieceforcivilizedChina country.is an ancientIt has fourand tohighlyfive

gotten. Tourists call Hong Kong the thousand years of cultural history,

by Lucretia Penny "Pearl of the Orient,"a city which and has come into contact with the keeps pace with Rio de Janeiro, western countries for about two

You count, it's said, but sunny hours, Brazil. Those who can afford a hundred years. In Hong Kong, yacht may let their boats drift or therefore, people have a mixture of

For dark hours make no mark, sail to a small and quiet bay to be western and eastern cultures. Stuintoxicated by the beautiful night dents of all schools have to study

While hourglass sands flow evenly of the "Pearl of the Orient."Those both Chinese and English, thus they

For sunny hours or dark. who may not have a yacht usually may learn the teachings of Confucius

hire a Chinese sampan in order to and enjoy the plays written by

Must I not count the darkened hours share the enjoyment of this beauty. Shakespeare. Students wishing to

Since they, too, have their worth? The island is within the tropic know Chinese literature and history

regions, and the climate is fairly may go to the University of Hong

Are there not blended light and mild. It is not too cold in winter Kong. Authors and writers being

nor too hot in summer. All the seaaffected by the circumstances, have

shade sons are more like the spring, and its the thoughts of both the East and

In every life on earth? lovely beaches are summer resorts. the West. Every Chinese architect,

Besides the attractive and beautihaving graduated from American

Is there not growth in darkness, ful scenery and good climate, Hong and British universities, will have

A strength that springs from grief? Kong, is also a good port. The the influence of the East in his conharbor is a natural, and almost landstructions. Since China has been

Cannot a root pushed deep through locked, anchorage. Any size of under the rule of the reds, many

ships from small sampans to ocean artists, musicians, and specialists of doubt steamers, can anchor in the harbor all subjects came to Hong Kong. For

Feed blossoms of belief? of Hong Kong, loading and unloadthis reason it has quickened the

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lake a good tookcultural exchanges. In Hong Kong

one finds a mixture of both Chinese and western style of dress, besides atyoufc almost every delightful variety of food known in the world.

of the geographical point From Saving P/iog/iam view, is obviously not Kong Hong a desert, but an island. But from

the religious angle, Hong Kong is really a desert—probably the driest

desert of any in the world. As

China has been under control of communism, and Hong Kong has been carrying out the embargo of the United Nations since the Korean fighting, the trade of this colony has been getting worse and worse. It

has nearly come to a standstill. Many

firms are going bankrupt. Most of

the people are between the upper and the lower income brackets. Can

you imagine such a small island, with population of more than 2,500,- 000, being selfsupporting? Under

such conditions, jobs for the people problems.are grave Everyone must Where you save does make a difference like bees for a livelihood. Thework

everincreasing problem is how to gain a little money to live on. The Are you really satisfied with your savings program? Remember... there's

great problem of obtaining a living a tremendous difference in savings institutions. You owe it to yourself to

keeps most people from even thinkmake certain you save where you enjoy the advantages of higher earnings,ing about the question of salvation, let alone being very zealous about safety of savings and availability of funds. You get all these and more...

the subject of religion. at Deseret Federal.

With regard to the richer or wellto-do people, they can afford the luxurious things of life here. As HIGHER EARNINGS SAFETY OF SAVINGS AVAILABILITY

the colony is a free port, goods such Deseret Federal currently Each account is insured to At Deseret Federal your as German cameras, American cars, pays a generous 3V2% per $10,000 by an agency of funds are always readily

British flannels, Japanese toys, Chiannum... and those earnthe U.S. Government... available when you need

nese porcelains, and Swiss watches ings are COMPOUNDED and further secured by rethem... without delay,

are sold at very low prices. Even semiannually. serves exceeding $1,000,000. without charges of any kind.

American goods are cheaper than in

America. This makes the colony

the world of the rich and the paraIn Our 53rd Year of Open your account by mail.

of themselves. thosedise enjoy who bellow. Use the coupon Outstanding Service their thinking are thatMost money

r is all doors. that the opens They key to You are authorized Account... 'i open a Savings

care not whether they may return Enclosed find check or money order for amount to the kingdom of our Heavenindicated ly Father; they are exceedingly

satisfied when they have money. As

to the truth of the gospel of God, and Name the plan of salvation, they neglect Address Zone State every part of it.

The city has as many sectarian CURRENT RATE 44DESERETSouth Main,FEDERALS.L.C.SAVINGS—160 N.ANDUniversity,LOAN ASSN.Provo

churches as are found in the USA ON INSURED SAVINGS today. These churches build hospitals, relief organizations, and

schools as well. They use these as

a foundation to get more members. Jos. E. Kjar, President Clarence H. Tingey, Vice President

Some churches have been established for the past hundred years;

their hospitals and schools have become wellknown. People, for the DESERET FEDERAL

SAVINGS &OfficeLOAN ASSOCIATIONBranch Office Home 44 South Main o Salt Lake City 1 60 N. University Ave. Provo, Utah

JANUARY 1959 49 sake of entering these hospitals or Priesthood, are working diligently hearing the true teaching of Jesus schools, must join their churches. with the American elders in teaching Christ.

To attract people, all these sects the gospel. Teachers, too, bring the Before finishing, the writers, along

have trained many prominent Chimessage to everyone. There are with all the members in Hong Kong

nese missionaries, or pastors, to over five hundred members in Hong wish to thank Elder H. Grant

preach with fine speeches and eleKong and about seven hundred perHeaton, president of the Southern gant talks. Most of these missionsons who attend the Sunday Schools Far East Mission for his hard work.

aries were trained in some religious regularly. More and more new Through the revelation of God and

school in America or in England. members are baptized into the under the direction of President

They have the technique and expeChurch each month. We believe Heaton, all the elders, teachers, and

rience of preaching, and they know that one day all the people in Hong officers, are carrying on the work of the psychological feelings of the Kong will have the privilege of God.

investigators.

There are also many American churches which were formerly established on the Chinese mainland.After the Chinese civil war, sectarian On Old Age

missionaries were obliged to leave

China and take refuge in Hong Kong where they reestablished Richard L. Evans

their many churches. The restored

gospel of Jesus Christ reached Hong As the years come and go, increasingly there is

Kong in 1955, and it is being preconcern and consideration for old age. Youth and

sented to the people here. Through THE age endlessly have both come in for comment.

SPOKENthe revelation of and under God are appraisals In a sense, the comparisons and the direction of President the of the WORD pointless, so little choice have somewhat because we

LDS Church, elders are teaching between the two. Either we die young or we grow old. We live

God's gospel which has never been through youth if we are fortunate; and if more fortunate, we realize

heard before by the people here. the longer years of life. Of all who have considered the subject

The elders in Hong Kong are very none perhaps has done so more significantly than Cicero, from energetic; they share the gospel whose observations on old age we select some scattered sentences:

with the people and succeed in "Fools impute their... frailties and guilt to old age,"he said. But

preaching in spite of the absence of "the fact is that blame for all comolaints of that kind is to be the language skill. With the influcharged to character, not to a particular time of life: unreason and

ence of the Holy Spirit, audiences churlishness cause uneasiness at every time of life"and "men...

can understand the truth, accept it, who have no resources in themselves... find every age burdenand receive baptism into the Church some."... "There is a quiet, pure, and cultivated life which proof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. duces a calm and gentle old age."The qualities "best adapted to

The Chinese people have many [it] are culture and active exercise of the virtues."And "if they

at every period the harvest they produce have been maintaineddialects. Those speak Kong in Hong

is said, that everything wonderful: old, he.."remember...."The dialectmainly the Cantonese which

... and retain their intellects well enough, if onlyis considered to be one of the most interests them

difficult languages in the world. they keep their minds active and fully employed."Nor does he

Having the gift of the Holy Ghost, who is old "miss the bodily strength of a young man any more elders here can use Cantonese to than as a young man [he] missed the strength of a bull or an ele-... We must look after our health, use moderate exercise,preach within three months'time. phant.

Elders live with Chinese people and take just enough food and drink to recruit, but not to overload, our follow Chinese customs. Though it strength. Nor is it the body alone that must be supported, but

is a hard task, they enjoy themselves the intellect and soul much more."And "the harvest of old age

very much, for they are doing what is... the memory and rich store of blessings laid up earlier in

God requests them to do, and the life. It is the honourable conduct of early days that is rewarded

Spirit of God is with them. by possessing influence at the last."And "it is not likely, if [nature]

has written the rest of the play well, that she has been careless

Since the establishment of the about the last act like some idle poet."The old have what the

mission in Hong Kong in 1955, young wish they had; "the one wishes to live long; the other has

the Church has enjoyed rapid lived long.""Enjoy [the] blessing when you have it; when it is

progress. Many branches have been gone, don't wish it back.... The course of life is fixed, and nature

organized and are taken care of by admits of its being run but in one way, and only once; and to each

the Hong Kong members. The part of our life there is something specially seasonable."* Thank

elders help them only when they God for the lengthening years of life, and for the blessed assurare in need of guidance and spiritual ance of eternal continuance.

help. Many male converts hold

the Aaronic Priesthood. Here also "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

are several Chinese elders who, Columbia Broadcasting System, November 16, 1958. Copyright 1958.

having received the Melchizedek "Sentences selected and rearranged from Marcus Tullius Cicero, On Old Age.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Mission Among the Chinese her illness; but as she spoke to us, accept it and obey it. She did obey

we felt her great faith and the Spirit that law and became a very strong (Continued) crowded area within of the Lord. My companion member of the Church.

the colony and there I was blessed anointed her, and I sealed the The love of the people for us and with many experiences showing the anointing. She was promised that their desire to help us in any way

greatness of those people. We found through her faith in the power of they could was shown to us while

those people most receptive to the God she would be made well. She we lived in this branch. On the

gospel. Their examples of faith, left the hospital the next day. The Nationalist Independence Day, varihumility, and obedience brought doctors had not expected her to ous incidents took place which

constant joy to those of us who leave for a few weeks. Doctors of caused rioting with communist

labored there; and we saw the the Buddhist, Christian, and of other groups. Feeling was running strong

Church grow rapidly. beliefs, told the husband that such against any foreigners, and we

In our tracting, we met a wellcould come about only through the feared to leave our apartment. Durknown author and his wife and bepower of God. Such was her faith, ing the two days we stayed inside,

gan teaching them. From the first, and such was the power of God in the people we taught and the memthey proved to be most faithful and hearing and answering the prayer bers of the Church did all they could

had a great desire to learn the gospel. of faith. for us. They bought our food, came

One afternoon when we went to We taught one woman in a small often to report what was happening, teach them, we found the door village whose husband had died a kept telephone contact with the locked for the first time since we few months earlier, leaving a family mission headquarters. When the

had begun going there. As we of five small children. She suppolice finally helped us get to headturned to leave, we met the husported them, keeping them in school, quarters, the members took care of

band, and he told us that he was by making clothing to sell to the our apartment until we came back.

returning from the hospital where villagers. After teaching her for a In China, one finds it often diffihis wife had been since early few weeks, we taught her the law of cult to speak with his neighbor. Each

morning. She was in critical contithing. She accepted it with no province in the whole nation has

dition and had asked that we go question. Yes, her income was small its own dialect. All read the same

there and give her a blessing. We and barely enough to feed the chilcharacters but speak entirely differwent to the hospital. As we entered dren; but this was a law of God! ently. Nearly all of these dialects

the room, we felt the seriousness of She had no questions. She could are now represented in Hong Kong.

Announces a Revolutionary SENTINEL Advance in Funeral Insurance

Now—a new LOW COST prearrangement protection plan

provides immediate cash for funeral expenses... safeguards family

securities.

The Sentinel Plan guarantees that funeral expenses and expenses of final illness may be paid without dipping into other securities when most needed. Utilizing a unique "sight

draft,"the Sentinel Plan gives bereaved families immediate cash while waiting for the courts to settle the estate. Provides welcome

peace of mind during times of sorrow.

LOW COST LIBERAL MEDICAL OLD LINE LEGAL

The Sentinel Plan is lowcost protecQUALIFICATIONS RESERVE COMPANY

Life to Sentinel of Security Persons years Insurance 80 can The up age tion, thus enabling income modest Illll is Sentinel protection the of the Legal Line enjoy an "Old Company SORROW entire families family. to cover the 1111/

. institution, physical. usually Reserve"Plan. a without which means NEED NOT MEAN\ costs It actually a only few pennies gives "Legal that examination! Prearrangement Reserve"guarantees the FINANCIAL llllTRAGEDY

a day. you added security. fulfillment of every policy contract.

YOU CAN DEPEND ON SENTINEL - CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF LEADERSHIP 1

ACT TODAY TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL SAFETY

Please send complete information about Sentinel Plan Insurance.

NAME

SECURITY LIFE INSURANCE CO.

ADDRESS.... AN OLD LIKE LEGAL RESERVE CO.

CITY STATE. 2121 South State Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1959 51 One day a man came to us desiring long a time. During the three years So many of them desire to know

to learn the gospel, and we feared that I was privileged to work among the truth. So many of them want

to begin because his dialect was not them, I saw the Church grow from to learn what is contained in the the one we spoke, and we under- a membership of a few to almost restored gospel of Jesus Christ. They

stood very little of what he said. Beone thousand. The Church is conhave sought the plan of salvation,

cause of his great desire to learn, tinuing to grow among those people. and now they are finding it.

however, we did begin to teach him. As the lessons progressed, it

became easy to teach and understand him. One day, after the lesson, I ventured to ask questions of

him concerning his work in the Artie s "Show and Tell"and laughed out loud when Mother mainland as he had been a governmet them and took the heavy load.

ment leader there. I found that (Continued) and Tell."My knees As Artie returned to his chair on

he could not understand me, and I shook when I stepped onto the stage the platform, there was silence for could not understand him. After to preside. The children sat on a moment and then the heartiest

the next lesson, he said this to me: little chairs in a half circle. As I burst.of applause I have ever heard

"The Holy Ghost is a very good called their names they stepped forin that hall. Artie looked at me

interpreter, isn't it?"It surely was; ward and showed a stuffed dog or and beamed, thinking the demonand, as missionaries, we were blessed a doll or a kite and told all about stration was all meant for Stephen.

greatly with inspiration. it. There had been no rehearsal, The closing number was Miss

As our work spread out, we went so the few words they said were Hardman's gracious little speech.

into the country section of the natural and sometimes funny. The She thanked the parents for their

colony and taught the people in the parents were having a gala time. I support and told them how precious

small farming communities. In had left Artie until the last, and their children were, to the home, to

called I state, his to the future. he darted the She and namethis area, teaching took our on a when

: steps the like this to closed the auditorium, down "I have worked with different ofvery form. the Because

thirty gathered for Stephen, years, children the climbed up more thanlarge of people number wanted who carefully again crossed before a real and to but I never had baby of stairsto hear the gospel because and the small number of missionaries the center of the stage, where he for 'Show and Tell."That brought

so the the turned again. audience the house baby down teach them, had to we beganwe

little late at him. could see school that night, I stayed chubbv The inteaching groups. these Often

groups would have thirty or forty face looked almost as large as Artie's. until most of the rooms were locked

people in them. Such groups beHis big bright eyes were as brown except the library, where I sat

I knewcame very successful and large parts as Artie's were blue, his cheeks as working on my chemistry.

of the groups were baptized into red as Artie's. The little suit Miss Hardman had not left because

the Church. Very little tracting was blended with Artie's yellow hair. I she alwavs remained at her desk to held my breath, not knowing what work in the quiet on a new booknecessary, because as soon as the

people of an area learned that the Artie might say. I couldn't see Miss she is writing. Finally I got up

she door. the courage her Hardman; curenough to open was behind missionaries there wereMormon

tains. in,"she said absently. wasn't There a sound from Then "Come classes,teaching they would come

the parents. rose, she looked and and up saw meto gospel. the could see hear We his out. clear Finally waiting. voice rang

their desire great to learn and were tell little tried to "This brother. "I a you, He's Miss Hardis my great joy the with impressedmuch like haltingly. are boy, a special I said me. man,"Boys

with which they accepted and lived kind of children. They like to She came around to the front ofthe gospel. wrestle, and they don't fuss, like her desk and stepped nearer.

In a small farming village near the sisters do. He's young. When our "To tell me what?"she asked.

communist border, I saw great exdog was a small puppy, Dad didn't "About Artie."I felt her keen

amples of faith. People whose teach him tricks. Now, he can do eyes studying me.

living depended on their farming of lots of things. We'll teach Stevie, "Then you knew what he was

the small plot of land they owned too."going to do?"she asked at last.

or rented would leave their work to He was watching the faces in "Oh, yes. I knew what he wanted

listen to the gospel. Many of them front, as if he expected someone to to do. I should have asked you.

listened to the gospel, and were speak. The listeners looked back But you were so busy and—"

contented, when thev did not know with every kind of expression—sur- "You were afraid I might refuse,

where their food for the next day prise, tenderness, amusement, astonweren't you?"

could come from. The gospel was ishment. He lifted the baby's hand, I hated to, but I said, "Yes."

all that many of them had; but they with the help of his own knee as I felt my cheeks burn and it

asked for no more. Even though support for the little one's weight, seemed an hour before she spoke.

some of them walked five miles to and waved "byby."Then he care- "You saw in Artie what many a

Church, they seldom missed a meetfully went down the steps again, beginning teacher never would have ing. his face red with the exertion. noticed—the creativeness and sensiThe Lord had, indeed, prepared Everyone appeared to be holding tivity beneath his shyness. The arthe Chinese people to receive the his breath lest the baby should fall. tists will find him some day—I hope."

gospel. They had waited for so Stevie seemed to think it was a game The muscles of my throat were

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pulling so tight that I could scarcely breathe. I felt my eyelids flicker,

but I was determined not to cry. My car loves it...

I slipped my hand into hers, and she gave it a warm squeeze.

face, her So I looked up into and ** in eyes,I shall never. her never forgetThey were grave and searching as Big Bonus

always. But they were brimming

with tears.

Bookrack mif*K (Continued) with profit, be read this story; and adults will find much

drama and challenge within its pages.

The authors have carefully exthetracted material for this volume GASOLINE firstfrom the six volumes of The the worryfree driving, smoother performanceHistory of the Church, which the You'lland thriftylove it.mileagetoo—you get with UltraPower Gasolines.

Prophet himself dictated. result of the BIG liONUS created by the most modern researchIt's the

With skill and artistry, but always availablemethods. You—longerget extraengineknockfreelife becausepoweroffromreducedthe higheststartupoctaneswear.

at its car will perform as their goal, the Neeleys Yourwith truth best when you get the BIG BONUS... in UltraPower Gasolines of written tremendous a bookhave

worth and value for young people, gasolineUTOCO ULTRAPOWERthai keeps your carEthyl,at itsthepeak.modern,There'stopoctaneno finer gradegasolineof

and for parents and teachers who made.UTOCO ULTRAPOWER Regular, with octane higher than

of a few years ago, delivers knockfree power and mileage.wish their young folk to know the economicalpremiums

Joseph Smith story and begin to build testimonies to its truthfulness.

-M. C. J.

GREAT BASIN KINGDOM Leonard J. Arrington. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 1958. 534 pages. $9.00.

The subtitle "An Economic History of the Latterday Saints 18301900"indicates the kind of informative reading that is provided in

Great Basin Kingdom. The author

has divided the material into four sections: Design of the Kingdom,... plus complete, courteous Utoco Service

finestBuilding the Kingdom, The KingUTOCO Super Permolube White Torch—Rest Roomsall weather Motor Oil.

Tires, Refiningdom Threatened, The Kingdom in ATLASUtah Oil BatteriesCompany,and Accessorieshonored by guaranteed38,000 dealersby

Retreat, and in each section he defrom coast to coast Your guarantee of top value.

velops fully the topic. As an examFor greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves

ple in Part One—Design of the UTAH OIL REFINING CO. YOl EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT!

Kingdom, the author treats the following themes: Place of Economics in Mormon Theology, Early

Mormon Economic Experiences, Early Mormon Economic Ideals: A

Summary, The Kingdom of God, *wRole of the Church in Economic HOMEIMPORTDevelopment. FILMS! BUSINESS! Dr. Arrington, a frequent conDEVELOPED & PRINTED Men—Women. We show you

tributor to the Era, is a careful reathowamazingto importlow bigprofitforeign pricesitems search student and an instructor (examples at left). Your home is

of worth. At the present time he is {portsyour office.FREE! GetFulllistor ofspare157 timeImOrder. Or take Send by Mail lecturer Fulbright in economicsa

stores. Imorders from

sporting clothing, ofaffiliated the University—NoCoinC.O.D.'sOnly volumeportbusinessjewelry, with

etc. Copi EXPEhardware, goods, PHOTOS NOGenoa, Italy, on leave IN PRODINVESTMENT RIENCE OR from Utah r GENEALOGYobligation Without NEEDED. UCTS C. ].State University.—M. details for complete today Clocks 65?: send

FREE! Air list imports of 157 and in Germany night. over The us reaches mail PHOTO

value $5 Westwood, Co., 1717 Mellinger

in U.S.A. Dept. X1651 Los Angeles 24, Calif.

JANUARY 1959 53 Today's Family, Florence B* Pinnock, Editor

LeVs turn over a new leaf

January first! A time to look back, a time to look store's green produce department and look over the

forward. We stand on a tiny space of inbetween. many possibilities of salad greens available in the

It's a wonderful thing to think that we can turn over middle of winter. A leaf of lettuce is a mere trite

a new leaf—a clean, spotless one and have three beginning. Try using romaine, endive, green and

hundred and sixtyfive perfect tomorrows in 1959. red cabbage, celery leaves, young beet and spinach

It all depends on us. A sure formula for tomorrow's leaves, and parsley just to mention a few. Now for

success is good sense plus good intentions plus will other vegetables, fresh, canned, or frozen; cauliflower,

power. Too many of us fall back into our old ruts. grated carrots, thinly sliced zucchini, string beans,

Our will to want to improve is weak. asparagus, shoestring beets, chopped celery, minced

This rut we have dug for ourselves in the past is onion, diced potatoes, peas, lima and navy beans.

made up of habits. These ruts extend into many A delightful salad in a meal may change the adfields. Think for a minute, can your families predict justive ordinary to special. It may also change a

before they even reach home in the evening just dinner lacking in nutritive value to one loaded with what the dinner table will hold? Week after week vitamins and minerals, not to mention the added

do the same dishes come to your table? Winter bodybuilding protein. In turning over that new

foods can be dreary or they can be exciting. Let's turn leaf this new year turn over many new leaves in your

over a new leaf and serve some different, delicious, salads.

nourishing salads this month. They will spark up any High protein salads contain eggs, meat, fish, cheese,

meal. Maybe then our meal planning will extend or gelatine and may become the piece de resistance

over into the field of adventure. This exploring can of the meal. This main course salad may be served

be fun. either hot or cold. Salads also play other rolls in

In order to turn over a new leaf visit your grocery menu planning. They make stimulating appetizers

Looking for a Project?

For Welfare... or to Raise Money for a Building Fund,

Missionary Fund, Ward Budget

Use Sure Meal or delightful desserts. No matter

where you use them, salads are a To Help People must in any luncheon or dinner. Take off Weight

Follow these simple directions in making that perfect salad. Wash, For your Project...

drain, chill, and crisp all greens, It's a scientifically vegetables, and fruits used. Do not

add salad dressings to greens until balanced Low Calorie just before serving. Combine all meal.

ingredients lightly, never using a

PROJECT. RAISING FOR FUND A SURE MEAL IS A FINE PRODUCTheavy hand. Serve crisp, cool salads time... it saves to use... accepted... it is easy It is medically

on a cold plate. Always use fresh, it is easy to like... it gets good results where nothing else has

firstgrade ingredients. worked... it helps people to FEEL BETTER... LOOK BETTER...

off weight. It saves money it takes as and vitality pep have more inis a priceless Your imagination

it replaces. meal less than the it costs as money

salads. in concocting uniquegredient

Try combining citrus fruits and WITH ALL THESE SELLING POINTS, SURE MEAL IS avocado with a clear French dressing EASY TO SELL AND WILL BE A WONDERFUL REPEAT olives ripe to which chopped have ITEM FOR YOU. beans, string cooked added;been

chopped celery, and minced parsley SURE MEAL IS A COMPLETE FOOD in powdered form that you mix then garnish with sour cream to with milk to make a scientifically low calorie balanced meal. Sure

less carbohydrates and selected carefully with Protein Meal is 67% which a small amount of peanut needed normally Vitamins and Minerals fats. the It has all than 1%

butter has been added: lettuce, cuto maintain health and strength.

cumber, onion, hardcooked egg, and reducers. results successful by for the most daily twice is used a blue cheese dressing; a combinaIt right their weight or hold to control want who by people a day Once

tion of salad greens plus crumbled where it is. As snacks and extra meals for children and adults who

crisp bacon, croutons, and French wish to build themselves up or add weight. By all kinds of people

dressing; thinly sliced cabbage, who just want to save time and money and at the same time have

chicken or tuna, ham, and hard- a completely satisfying and nourishing meal.

cooked egg; chopped raw spinach, With SURE MEAL there is no cooking, no blending, no drugs, no

lettuce, celery, red cabbage, cheddar counting calories. Mix it with a shaker or stir with a spoon. SURE

cheese, and blue cheese dressing; MEAL IS DELICIOUS.

peas, pimento, cabbage, and boiled Write for our SURE MEAL money raising plan... for your quorum

salad dressing. This list could go or group or for you as an individual. Order Sure Meal now so you

on and on. Use your imagination can find out how good it really is.

with happy results.

MAIL THIS COUPON FOR INFORMATION TODAY

For salads used as an appetizer try: I'm interested...

Avocado, Shrimp Salad- ( ) Personal Use ( ) Family Use

Dice avocados, chop celery, and ) Part Time split large shrimp, mix and serve on Dealership: ( ) Full Time (

lettuce and cover with the following

Name—- dressing

Address - - 1 c. mayonnaise

% c. chili sauce City State

1 t. prepared mustard

Send Your Money Raising Plan 1 tb. vinegar

1 tb. finely chopped parsley ( ) For Group ( ) For Individual

Mail to: Don Lyman & Assoc, 472 S. 10th East,

Salt Lake City, Utah - Phone EM 3-9674

JANUARY 1959 55 Tomato Aspic (the easy way) Salad Sandwich

1 pkg. lemon Jello dissolved in IV2 1 sandwich loaf uncut bread (cut

c. tomato juice,.add onion salt, off crusts)

celery salt, ground cloves to taste. Vz lb. bacon ( cut in small pieces and

Chill until set in individual molds. fried arid drained)

Serve on a bed of almost any com- 1 can crab or tuna (mixed with bination of vegetables with shrimp mayonnaise or crab to garnish. 3 med. sliced tomatoes

Butter Hot salads. Splendid to serve for 5 oz. bottle pimento cheese spread

the main luncheon or supper dish. About IV2 c. mayonnaise

Salad Casserole Cut loaf lengthwise into four 1 c. shrimp slices. Spread all slices with butter. Bride s

1 c. crab Then build loaf. First layer bacon,

Vz c. green pepper second layer crab, third layer mayonV4 c. chopped onion naise, covered with sliced tomatoes. 1 c. chopped celery Frost loaf with mayonnaise and Corner

1 c. mayonnaise cheese spread. Let stand in reWhether you were married yesVz t. salt frigerator for about an hour. Slice terday or many, many years ago you

V2 c. dry bread crumbs browned in through loaf and serve each slice are still a bride if you can keep that

1 tb. butter on lettuce. shining feeling of wonder within

you. I know a man who has been

Mix all ingredients together and married twenty years and still calls put in casserole and sprinkle crumbs Dessert Salads the girl he married "bride."It's a

on top. Bake 40 minutes at 350. wonderful thing to keep that glow

Frozen Fruit Salad of a new bride and have the experience of years of marriage. This

Salad Burgers (makes 10 rolls) 1 tall can sliced pineapple (drained experience is composed of little 1/4 lb. grated cheese and cut into small pieces) "know hows,"learned by the trial

error method. and cocktail large (drained) can fruit sliced 3 hardcooked eggs 1 would you girls, who are to fruit How other (such as Nuts and 1 can tuna tomorrow, married maybe maybe be if desired bananas) tb. green 2 chopped pepper like for years, not in or maybe June c. in V4 Gelatin 1 tb. soaked Knox tb. 2 onion chopped that secrets basic learn to a few dissolved over cold water and olives tb. stuffed 2 chopped trial skip will the over and help you hot water tb. pickles 2 sweet chopped right bring error period you and up

Vz c. mayonnaise

Add the above to 1 cup mayonto the class of the "know hows?"

all in place the take This would 2 cream cups whipping and all ingredients, cut the 10 naise Mix of cooking. in trays. Slice field (whipped). Freeze rolls in lengthwise, halfweiner All missionaries: note to you A greens. serve and on rolls, roll salad each onspread wrap too! to this you, apply you Are can

in aluminum foil and bake for 30 trying to cook your own meals and minutes in a 250 oven. Best Waldorf Salad the "know how"has skipped you?

Read this Bride's Corner and learn.

Diced unpeeled apples, celery, and Have you a girl at home waiting

Luncheon Salads walnuts. Mix with dressing. Serve for that day when she will take over

on lettuce topped with more your nutritional needs? Clip out

Lemon Crunch Salad chopped walnuts. this column and send it to her. It

will be just a little hint from you 1 pkg. lemon Jello to that very special one.

Dressing Look for the "Bride's Corner"each 1 can tuna 1 can chicken gumbo soup % c. sugar month until June. It will be filled

V2 c. boiling water 6 tb. flour with basic recipes and suggestions

2/0 c. chopped celery 1 c. boiling water to start you on that fun time of being

Vz c. walnuts Grated rind and juice of lemon and a happy, successful bride. You will

1/0 c. can milk 1 orange learn the little secrets that change

Vz c. salad dressing 1 c. whipping cream an ordinary recipe into something

special. It will help change what

Dissolve Jello in the boiling water. Add the sugar and flour mixed might have been tears over miserPour in soup, tuna, celery, walnuts. well together to the boiling water. able cooking failures to smiles and

Cool. Whip can milk, fold it into Boil until very thick and clear, stircompliments well earned.

the salad dressing and add to first ring constantly. Cool. Add juice Be with us each month and build

mixture. Pour in mold and chill. and fold in whipped cream. your cooking "know how."

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

His Cake is Only TwoThirds Baked (Continued) far too complicated for them. It is "just to see if I can

handle it."A wise teacher tries to

keep the fundamentals of learning sufficiently interesting so that his students don't wander away into the nether world of space travel and rocket making. This tendency to

wander away from a good prepara- A \ tion in fundamentals will likely remain a problem all through the next i three or four years. Sometimes it

even extends into the first two years of college. Cooks for husband anH jour husky sons

14year-olds At school are often Wins 2 Cooking Awards at Salt Lake County Fair to the meditative disturbinggreatly 13year-olds and the easy going, inMrs. Ralph Horton, of Murray, real Italian pizza crust and lots of

offensive 12year-olds. Originally, Utah, gets plenty of practice cookother yeastraised treats. Now it's

the junior high setup was designed ing for the five men in her family. easy to get the wonderful flavor

if you baketo accommodate the group which And the practice pays off! She won only yeast can give. So

was considered too old for grade 2 awards at last Fall's Salt Lake at home get Fleischmann's Active school and too young for high school. County Fair. Dry Yeast, the fastest and finest

This was thought to be the seventh, Of course an expert cook like there is. And try the new recipes

eighth, and ninth graders. Some Mrs. Horton uses Fleischmann's on the package.

authorities are now beginning to Active Dry Yeast. "It's fast and

wonder if there isn't a better arrangeeasy,"she says. "And keeps for

ment. They point out that seventh months on my shelf."

graders are often confused when And now there's a new way to uprooted from the grade school cook with Fleischmann's Active Dry... add it to biscuit mix for Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.pattern. They also point out that Yeast

the meditative 13year-olds (meaning, of course, those who are 13 by the development clock) are more easily accommodated in a school covering grades one to eight than in a junior high. The real

problem group, they believe, is the 14year-old ninthgraders who are at loose ends and, while not ready for high school, create chaos if left with younger students.

These authorities suggest that junior high might be restricted to this one troublesome age group in the ninth grade. Where this has

been tried experimentally it has proven impressively successful. Perhaps this portends a development in

education for the future.

The Maverick 14year-old There are many facets in the personality thrust of the normal 14year-old boy which may tend to make him blow up:

1. This particular stage of development is painful to him. He may

be heard to say: "I hate this age.

I'll be glad when I'm more grown up! 2. He tends to be extremely critical of his parents, especially his

mother. This is because he is trying SOUPSAMPLER'S FAVORITE! Hoiv do we know our Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup

is extra special? You guessed it... the young fry dote on it. Mothers have told us

why. "More chicken flavor",.. "tastes better"... "more tender noodles."Try

Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup on your clan tonight. Simple way to please 'em.

JANUARY 1959 57 to justify his inward anxiety to be quency. This will be particularly sliding across the 12year-old stage

independent of his parents and retrue with the boy who is either rehe may have found himself at 13 sents the fact that every time he ected or overprotected, but it can bitterly cogitating on his feelings of tries it he seems to fall flat on his lappen to any boy. Resentments retaliating and breaking loose. Age

face. Furthermore, up to now the may have been building up in him 14 then becomes the boy's mobilizamother may have provided most of since age 5 or 6. He may have tried tion date. His sudden change from

the discipline for Junior, but a 14to do something about it during his a 13year-old meditator to a 14year- yearold is a man's chore. It is time 11year-old thrust but found himold activator makes him easily trigfather took over from here on. self promptly suppressed. After gered into an explosion by even the

3. Junior adventures into so many

new things that he tends to be a frustrated failure more often than he is a howling success. Particularly

at this age, he needs to be guided of areasinto the accomplishment The Duty of Discipline likely to sucseems hewhere most ceed. 4. He now has practically all of Richard L. Evans

the grownup desires of an adult and yet must be constantly told that "it isn't time yet."In spite of Junior's Last week we talked of the kindness of correction

his parcomplaining and grumbling the temptationents must resist of \MIf.-::::::-8 THE poseas an thatessentialin thepartschoolroomof the teachingnot evenprocess.the teacherSupto his to correct, that or not cared in the home, Juniorabandoning enough own de- '7 SPOKENWORDvices. closeto the parents cared would needed enough even correct—how He never

ness of his parents more than right anyone ever learn or make progress or ever know right from wrong?

now. But, as was added, correction should include these essential ele-

5. He often gets punished for the ments: "persuasion,... long suffering,... gentleness and meekextremely harsh language which he ness.... Reproving betimes with sharpness... and then showing

of increase brothers love afterwardsuses thou hast an toward on him his younger and forth 1 whom sisters. will to obParents observe that thee reproved enemy."lest he esteem This added be his

frequently their teenager has a good servation is from Emerson: "The heart has its arguments, with

reason for feeling imposed upon by which the understanding is not acquainted. So intimate is this

"the little kids."The smallfry learn alliance of mind and heart that... the remedv for all blunders,

how to get his goat and may ride the cure of blindness, the cure of crime, is love... the redeemer

him unmercifully. It reassures and instructor of souls,... is love."2 Now there is another essenJunior if his parents side in with his tial inseparably associated with everything we learn in life—and

point of view once in a while (and that is discipline—the duty of discipline. The very word is unpoputhat, of course, when he's right). lar with young people, and sometimes with parents, and with

6. A 14year-old is stubborn. He others also—and always we need an understanding of it. Discipline

resists being corrected and may does not primarily mean punishment (although it would not exargue vehemently, especially with clude it if and as essential), but it does mean a recognition of rehis parents. At 12 he liked to have sponsibility, a recognition of standards, of law, and of the effect—

an occasional discussion about his the price—for learning any lesson, for acquiring any skill, for develfaults. At 13 he listened carefully oping any good habit, for breaking any bad habit. Discipline

to each biting word of criticism and applies to all teaching and training, to the moulding and strengthtook them to heart. But at 14, he ening of character, of control, especially of selfcontrol, and it

has suddenly become impervious. ought not to be an unpopular idea since it is so absolutely essential

Either he will argue noisily or beto the learning of every lesson of life. Noione would ever learn,

come like a turtle in a shell. In the no one would ever develop talent, no one would ever control his

latter case, when the storm comes thoughts—or his actions—or ever grow to mature character or

up, he just pulls in his head and says dependable conduct: no one would ever learn to study, to think,

"let her pour."Nevertheless, Junior to practice, to perform—or even learn reverence or honesty or

needs to hear how his parents and honor without a sense of the duty of discipline. William Penn

teachers think he is doing. The gave us this sentence of short summary: "If thou wouldst be happy

main problem is to be sure there is and easie in thy Family, above all things observe Discipline. Every

praise mixed in with the criticism one in it should know their Duty;... and whatever else is done

and that the criticism does not or omitted, be sure to begin and end with God."3 No one ever

degenerate to nagging. achieved any high and lasting purpose, or an abiding peace inside

himself without a real recognition of the duty of discipline, in all

Potential Delinquency at 14 of which selfdiscipline, selfcontrol, is most exceedingly essential.

From our discussion thus far it will be seen how easy it is for a boy "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the of this age to slip across the boundColumbia Broadcasting System, October 26, 1958. Copyright 1958.

aries of good citizenship and develop 2Ralph*D & CWaldo121:41,Emerson,43. Worship.

an acute case of juvenile delin3William Penn, Some Fruits of Solitude.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA normal restraints which his parents culty untangling many of thesemay need to put on him. As a reyoungsters. Sometimes parents are 'WORKING*

sult, crime rates for youth begin to blame—either because of their

climbing rapidly at 14 and will conignorance or neglect, but other timestinue skyrocketing through 15 it appears to have been more a MEN which is another troublesome year. problem of the boy's personality

Every so often newspapers carry the collapsing under the circumstances shocking story of a boy in this age which triggered his explosion.

group committing a murder or being The important thing to keep in guilty of some other serious crime mind is that age 14 is a time when a of violence. It is easy to criticize on boy's cake is "only twothirds baked."

years years lived and has 7 has parthe 14 occasionssuch by blaming Wrffi He compare ZOOM It is a his majority. to reach police to go so forth, but theents and

who investigate these cases learn time for careful, watchful supervioatmeal or any other hot praise, affection, sion.that has curdled a 14year-old He needs who will and cereal and ZOOM and needs patience guidance. dynacan maverick beand turned He

mite. Even state institutions with discipline. He is wrestling with one be Your choice!

highly skilled professional psycholof the most difficult periods of his ogists and youth workers have diffientire life. cooks Faster INSTANT COOKING

than QUICK...

% tastesthanBetterGOOD!

On Teaching the be constant, too, because it is an WHOU WHEAT CEREAL important binding tie for family life.

Moral Standards You are old enough, to look around you in the animal kingdom and to (Continued) you can domineer realize that where this power of "BANQUETMASTER"your children and be so severe creation is a fleeting thing, there is FOLDINGTHE NEW BANQUETLIGHT WEIGHTTABLE

Designed for today's beautiful will leavethat all. and they you life It at family is through kick no

Schools as quickly quite tracesover the life this that can endure power Private and ChurchesCafes Homes as they are able; or you can be that this world, which is full of

overindulgent and careless, and trials and fears and disappointments, they may grow up weak and uncan be transformed into a place of trained for life; or this home can be hope, joy, and happiness.

the greatest training school that you And again please know that this can possibly know; in it you can power that is yours is good; it is a

show yourselves benevolent and gift from God our Father; and in the MadeL.D.S.in workmen.the West by

merciful; and your children will love exercise of this, as in nothing else, BISHOPS—Before vou buy, compare Banand honor you. And again, this we can come close to him. We can workmanship,quetmasters forbeautyqualityofof design.material Writeand

power of creation is not just a part create this home and have in miniafordiscounts.descriptive brochure with prices and

of the plan—it is the very key to it. ture virtually all that our Father in Satisfaction Guaranteed

This creative power carries with heaven has awaiting us as his chilSampleWrite ortabletelephonesent forcollectyourJA inspection.2-6601.

desires urges.it strong testing greater dren. school or and You No

in already the changIs imagined.have place felt them can be it any D. H. LOOSLIIdaho Falls, IdahoCO., INC.

ing of your attitudes. All of a sudwonder, then, that in our Church

den a boy or a girl becomes somemarriage is so important? Can you

thing new and intensely interesting, understand why we should teach and you may now notice these that you can achieve the highestpowers in the changing of form and degree in the celestial kingdom only mail Order infeatures whispering the the marriage of through covenant? and And STARTS NOW! METHOD NEW

big for in opportunity mail YOUprofits your cash it this essentialdesire. that It to consider ought that unusual was Menwomen,der. order mail master, L. Mellinger, B. we World renowned noworlifetime inside his success. secrets reveals of facts you least at creation the of that directed have the twopower fortune Lord at that most beginning a from him brought have Tellsmodest

its to of kind guide order real First money making it one, verydimensions: beautiful place on earth—the -cuts success. to be short must temyou endorsed method mailNew

to authorities shows mail get best you how top—showshome.by

it orstrong; two, fullorder for constructed and, or mail the ple—should spare more for business, order be must products be to how

profits free in get to start howtime howless constant. It strong of the orads, previous performing experienceto advance,no with purpose investment in be marriage must pocketfrom home

for details Write products. ALL FREE!

is us reaches overnight.full Air mail ceremonies? Write adventuresome todayl andbecause you understand Can man Yours

full of spirit, but he is also shy and why this ceremony which releases FREE! 'MELLINGER,1715 Westwood, LosINC.,AngelesDept.24. X1651Calif.

quite unconvinced of his power to these powers of creation for your build and maintain a home; and use—why it should be the most caresometimes, except for the compelling fully planned, most solemnly conIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

persuasion of these compulsions, sidered step in your life? Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

men would be hard indeed to There are other things you should sore throat and other minor mouth harness down and set at the head know—perhaps almost as a warning. and throat irritations.

of a home a position that carries such In the beginning there was one great responsibility. This power must among us who rebelled at the plan HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1959 59 our Heavenly Father had accepted, ful in order that retribution will highway with a blanket over him.

and he vowed to destroy and disrupt come from the breaking of the moral The ambulance was just pulling the plan. He was prevented from code. The laws are established away with the child. Cliff had been

having a mortal body, and because themselves. Crowning glory is on his way out to the farm and had

he was precluded he became insaneavailable to you if you live worthily. stopped to cross the street to take

ly, satanically jealous; and he is disThe loss of the crown may well be Colleen to her mother who waited

posed, and cunningly so, to rob you punishment enough. We are punon the opposite curb. But the child,

of your possibilities. And he is real ished ofttimes as much by our sins as children will, broke from her

enough, and his agents are conas we are for them. father's hand and ran into the street.

stantly working to break down and There is one other ideal that I A large truck was coming. Cliff

degrade and make common this would impress upon you who are jumped from the curb and tried to power of creation. Quite well he teenagers: Some day—some day soon push his little daughter from the

knows that if he could destroy for for some of you—you are going to path of the truck—but he wasn't

you this power of creation, if he have the marvelous experience of quick enough.

could compel you to use it prelearning to love someone else more A few days later I had the responmaturely or to exercise it in violathan you love yourself. This is a sibility of talking at the funeral of

tion of the covenants that you have crowning achievement in life; yet Cliff and his daughter. Someone

made, that you may well destroy countless thousands live out there said, "What a terrible waste. Ceryour opportunities for eternal proin this world and do not achieve this tainly he ought to have stayed on

gression. He is much too cunning experience. It does not come in a the curb. He knew the child might

to confront you baldly with an open have died. But he had four sons

invitation to misuse this power of and a wife to provide for. What a

creation, but rather subtly and carepathetic waste!"And I thought

fully and quietly he prods young that that person never had known and old to think loosely or carnally PRAYER FOR THE NEW YEAR the experience of loving someone about this power of creation. He more than he loved himself, as this

does this in different ways: You will by Vesta Nickerson father had done.

be exposed to subtle messages on This experience of loving someTV; advertising demonstrations will Rejoice in the new year's start, one more than you love yourself can

be presented concerning this power Let gladness fill your heart. come, insofar as I know, only

of creation. It will be held as a through the exercise of the power of

common thing. Divorce will almost The year ahead is bright, creation. Through it you become

seem expected. These satanical efLike glowing stars at night. really Christian; and you know, as

forts will appear on labels of few others know, what the word products, on billboards; they will And heavenly angels sing Father means when it is spoken of

stare at you from the pages of magaThe new year's welcoming. in the scriptures; and you feel some

zines; they are coined into jokes and of the love and concern that he has

epithets and written into lyrics of Let every church's spire for us; and you may experience some

songs. Almost every day in hunProtect each hearthside fire. of the remorse and sorrow that must

dreds of places they will try to show be his if we fail to accept all that you that this power is not sacred. And may our earthly love is beautiful and praiseworthy and

Efforts are made everywhere to Be blessed by God above. of good report in this world.

cheapen, debauch, degrade, and It is not always certain what will make common and vulgar this subbe in store in terms of social disaplime thing. The adversary would proval for anyone who violates these

threaten the plan of God for you laws, nor is it certain what damages, or a courtship honeymoon; even on to bring a simple,and mortal down despair come. disease But and may

is it for your building a reward is butlevel that special which and revelations the told through are we family. you is when Somedaybeautiful. own actual an being He in that our of heaven Father our in your a arms and hold know baby the accordunseenfrom world who, is at stake, actual and happiness

to will you, that belongs you he know toing the Smith, Prophet Joseph is life that only eternal family now

I mean. what willhas which he use power much anticipations can in dreams and your

I recall particular occasion oneto to give persuade you your up has Father our achieved because be this of love exemplifies somewhich torights establish eternal kingan all gift of the choicest bestowed self. for else love than one moredom. of of each the creation—upon power

I returning as from day was One friends, teenaged now, And my gift this as you. hold you May for lunch, to seminary tell home Ias teacher a soberly my my must you

it as the use sacred pure and and I in driveway. the wife met seriously, of me mitigation withand no

directed. has Lord tell expression her the on could bythe that misery unhappiness and

that wrong. face something was follow, that declaredmay God has said. The Challenge to Teach killed,""Cliff she has been trathatin unmistakable language

vail and misery and sorrow will "They want you to come over."As These are the things that I would

follow the violation of the laws set I hastened around the corner to like my son and my daughter to up to guide all his children in their where Cliff lived with his wife and understand. I am not so sure that

use of this gift. Our Father does four sons, and his little daughter, I any knowledge of physiological

not have to be vindictive or vengesaw Cliff lying in the middle of the facts will give protection to my chil60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Everybody sure likesdren. I am convinced that a knowledge of the theological and doctrinal

concepts surrounding this subject Table Queen Bread!

may be their best insurance.

There is something especially beautiful about young people. They

represent unfulfilled hopes and dreams—all that is choice and desirable is available to them.

Whittier in his poem "Maud Muller,"tells the story of a peasant girlbeautiful in homespun, barefootedout in the field raking hay with her father and mother and younger brothers and sisters. Maud goes to

the brook for a drink, and as she kneels by the stream, a man on horse-.. nourishingback comes over the brow of the hill Delicious.

and stops nearby. Maud Muller looks Contains the nonfat solids of a full glass of milk

up, and there astride this horse is Enriched with vitamins and iron the most magnificent man she has ever seen—handsome in his appearSalt Lake Cuy ROYAL BAKINC COMPANY O"don

ance, noble in his bearing—and he

asks her for a drink. As she ladles

the drink and hands it to him, the poem records that he looked down into her bashful hazel eyes and that they exchanged a few pleasantries.

And she fain would wish that she might be the wife of such a one.

And finally, for lack of any excuse to stay, the rider rode up the hill;

but the poem records:

"The man looked back as he climbed the hill And saw Maud Muller standing still,

TRUCKS storingMONROE and Chaintruck Forthe Each wayTables fair, a face more more form "A easy,either chairs modernFoldingtables handles Construe*storage permits of No TSCor Storage Transport sweet, tionin limited Truckspace

No. Truck TS

lot to meet.Ne'er sizes hath my"it been 54 showing Catalog and for Discounts and Write

types of MONROE Folding Tables, and Trucks. Also

* 'And her modest answer and gracepopular line of Folding Chairs.

"WOTVKHk COMPANY THE COLFAX. STREET. ful air 249 CHURCH

Show her wise and good as she is fair WATER [And in his heart he said,] HEATER You Travel Best when g= you arrange your I today, she and were mine, ''Would & Travel with...'of hay; her,Like a harvester LIVE BETTER

J. Franklin Murdock record goes on to poem The the ELECTRICALLY Travel Agent

lives. princely their of story The with FULL

young man marries the nagging, A WorldWide bickering, spoiled brat who lives for HOUSEPOWER Travel Service fashion as he does for power. But UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. 51 North State Street

all during his life, as he sat on quiet Salt Lake City, Utah evenings looking into the fireplace Dial Davis 2-1129 in silent revery, there appeared before him the quiet, bashful, hazelof innocenceeyed Maud Muller. LEARN DRINK explains, Muller, the poemMaud AT

clod, the sloth, the the married HOME! ne'erdo-well, the drunkard, and fic<3 A delightful ** quickly, at right teacher. Learn Be music

instrument. ownpiano, to accordion, yourplay any those for hot beverage WHMhome, it famous No boring; cises.Our Start righteasy. piecesmake picturedplaying coffee. drink don't who exercost.for students, LowWrite lessonssimpleincludingguitar, away.Welk. 1,000,000

will Lawrencesalesman S No No GROCERS A1201, book.of AT Y. U- call.N. Music, SchoolFREE YOUR Washington, Port Studioobligation.

JANUARY 1959 61 lived a life in poverty. But often in "God pity them both! and pity us all,

silent revery the walls of her narrow Who vainly the dreams of youth kitchen would vanish, and she recall.

a few steps wouldin the befieldoncelookingmore atbythethefacebrookof "For of all sad words of tongue or that handsome man. And then the pen,

poet sets down in poignant, piercThe saddest are these: It might have from the ing sensitivity; been!'

TEMPLE GROUNDS... Seeking and Accepting Counsel

Richard L. Evans

We have all seen youngsters, and others also, listen reluctantly to lastminute instructions. "I know,

THE I know,"impatiently they reply, maybe having

SPOKEN half heard. They are confident they don't need WORD

directions or counsel of any kind. But by listening

they could likely save themselves much loss of time or the making of many mistakes. In the overconfidence of youth, or in the self-

... and your car is unessential,sufficiency ofbutanytheage,importancetaking timeof forit iscounsellater islearned—sometimesoften considered

parked but a few too long later. An able executive once made the admission that

steps from your room. most of the mistakes he had made were in matters he had overconfidently decided for himself, without counseling or consulting

Every comfort and anyone else. Sometimes we may make up our minds what we want

convenience to do or what we hope is true, and simply don't want to face any other facts or to see any other side, and so avoid advice that might

Free radio and television be at variance with our own. Sometimes pride or stubbornness or

selfconceit keeps us from asking questions or considering the opinions of other people. Sometimes we are sincerely reluctant

Reasonable rates to trouble others, sincerely reluctant to take their time. But never

should we let the pride of solo performance lead us to rush in and

Inviting swimming pool make bold and brash blunders, or to pay a needless price for the (during summer season) kind of pride or impatience or carelessness or overconfidence that refuses to listen, that refuses to learn, or that refuses even to look

Familystyle at the instructions on the label. The counsel that comes from

"Crossroads"restaurant others—past and present—is part of the heritage we have. And if

we don't come together in counsel, how can we be sure that we have the facts, or that we are seeing the several sides of a subject.

Next time you drive to Salt Children need to counsel with parents. There is safety in talking

Lake, be sure to plan the out problems with parents. Wives and husbands need to counsel

extra pleasure of staying at with each other. One of the surest signs of thoughtfulness and

the appreciation is to take into our confidence those we love and live with. There is wisdom in the counseling together of men in public

places, and in business and professional pursuits. We need family

counsel; we need community counsel—the talking out of problems,

freely and frankly, the bringing of things out into the open. And

we need also the counsel of the Lord God, the counsel of his commandments, and the counsel that comes with a prayerful approach to problems: "Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings, and he will

direct thee for good;..."* Ultimately, we have to choose; we

have to decide for ourselves, and to accept responsibility for our own decision; but seeking and considering counsel is a factor ofsafety, a mark of maturity, and an evidence of sincere consideraHOTEL UTAH tioniAlmafor37:37.others also.

"The Spoken Word,"from Square presented Temple over the KSL and MOTOR LODGE Broadcasting System, 9, 1958. Columbia 1958. Copyright November

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Are you a slave to your creditors?

As teachers of religion—you who SAVE for the things

teach the moral standard—stand beyou want at

tween that description of disappointAmerican Savings ment and the youth of the Church and buy with of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. cash. You elimThere are countless thousands of inatecosts.financing.. and

them who never need receive tke your dollars designation of "might have been"if earn EXTRA you will employ yourselves with all moneyyou save.while

prayerful industry to solve the There's no problems of how to teach the moral security like standard, and if you will teach it cash security.

modestly and appropriately. It can

be done; they can be taught. And

teach them, if you will, that the home is sacred. Teach the young

girls that the crowning achievement of life is motherhood, not a career.

Teach them that the power of creaHOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

tion is sacred and that the practices SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH: 2186 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah

common to the world of exercising GRANGER BRANCH: 3555 South Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

that power for pleasure only are DIVISIONAL OFFICE: Honolulu, Hawaii BRANCH OFFICES: Kaimuki, Oahu and Hilo, Hawaiicontrary to the instruction and doctrines teachings of the Church and

v":".;.s i 1&—i. Saints. <!., i.—; Christ of Latterdayof Jesus

Teach them that there is no joy or achievement greater in life than pure and righteous fatherhood and celestially beautiful motherhood. And

that ultimatelyteach them nrI.lllllltl|||lllll lljlllllllltiliiiiur 1lliIliiiinriiiiiiLiitilI til illltll their III'*llllii i miniMMOII Mil iiiilllliiiiiijiMiiiiihlMliiHi i|||l fit M I I IIHlllHI THE CENTER their eternalhappiness, indeed

destiny, depends upon their proper exercise of this power of creation. Announcing the opening |

Such teachings, I believe, will give of a new Covey addition! |

a boy or girl courage and strength..individually controlled healing and air

in times of crisis. conditioning... wallto-wall carpeting. \76emotet

Semiprivate dressing areas... instant

reception radios... TV rooms...

tile baths, tub and shower combinations

Now 320 beautifully'appointed rooms.

Carll's Beauty Salon—Barber shop

Cofnins soon TO THE TABERNACLE CHOIR HOT SHOPPES by Helen Kimball Orgill

"Gently raise the sacred strain, ''Food for the whole family". Ample parking For the Sabbath's come again,"

Prelude to the gladsome lays, MAIN STREET at FIFTH SOUTH Phone EM 3-6781

Lofty themes and hymns of praise. Now two entrances for easy convenience: Main Street; also West Temple

Melodies a mother sings, Floating as on soaring wings;

Sacred songs to Zion's King, Crowning gift of love you bring. a MORRISON MEAT PIE is a

Traveling on foreign strands, Music for the many lands; Banquet Anytime

Hymns of hope from pioneers, For assuaging want and fears. LOOK for the RED andSing on, on, O choir sing, * - Till the hills and valleys ring, YELLOW LABEL! | Strike the chord of Israel's lyre,

Sing, O Tabernacle choir! 1136 SOUTH STATE STREET

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JANUARY 1959 63 The Last Word

A traffic officer ordered a motorist to pull up to When some men discharge an obligation, you can the curb and produce his driver's license. hear the report for miles around.

"I don't understand this, officer,"the motorist pro-—Mark Twain

tested. "I haven't done anything wrong."

"No, you haven't,"the officer replied, "but you The world is moving so fast these days that the were driving so carefully I thought you might not man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted have your driver's license."by someone doing it.

—Elbert Hubbard

A penny will hide the biggest star in the universe if you hold it close to your eyes.

Merely having an open mind is nothing. The obThe public have an insatiable curiosity to know

ject of opening the mind, as of opening the mouth, everything—except what is worth knowing.

is to shut it again on something solid.—Oscar Wilde

—Gilbert Keith Chesterton

The latter part of a wise man's life is taken up in

The worst use that can be made of success is boastcuring the follies, prejudices, and false opinions he ing of it. had contracted in the former.

—Arthur Helps—Jonathan Swift

Actually there's only a slight difference between keeping your chin up and sticking your neck out, but it's worth knowing.

Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the You must give some time to your fellow men. Even

habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composiif it's a little thing, do something for those who have tion, I resolved—to write a book. need of help, something for which you get no pay

—Edward Gibbon but the privilege of doing it.—Albert Schweitzer

It is better to understand a little than to misunderYou never know what you can do without until stand a lot. you try.

—Anatole France—Franklin Pierce Adams

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tip the bottle...

see the fait that ves you foshfoiit flavor!

..fresh fruit flavor you can see!

SEE the difference... TASTE the difference

in Squirt 1 Start today to enjoy the refreshing new kind of soft drink made from fresh, naturally ripened fruit. Call for Squirt in handy

sixpacks wherever beverages are sold or served.

"never an afterthirst"

Squirt now welcomes COUNTRY CLUB FOODS, INC.

to their family of bottlers, in the Salt Lake and Davis

County area. CALL FOR SQUIRT WHEREVER BEVERAGES

ARE SOLD OR SERVED!

COUNTRY CLUB FOODS, INC 47 Kensington Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah Phone IN 6-2121

"I've found a great new way to pay my life insurance

... premium

It's Beneficial Life's new CHECK-O-MATIC Plan.* Simplicity is

the word. All I did was authorize

my Beneficial agent to set up a Check-o-matic

Plan with my bank so that my insurance premiums are automatically deductedfrom my checking account. Now there's

nothing to remember—nothing to mail in!"

The Beneficial man in your area will be happy to make arrangements for you to enjoy this convenient monthly premium payment plan through your bank.

For more information, mail the coupon below, or consult the Beneficial man in your community.

*The Check-o-matic Plan applies to premiums of $10.00 or more per month.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City 1, Utah

information morePlease send me about Beneficial Life's new BENEFICIAL UEE of PlanCheck-o-matic premium payments.

Name Street or RFD Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State... E-A9