MPROIlimT

FlVEN"FOR VM READING

The Story of Our Church for Young

Latterday Saints by Emma Marr Petersen Now... another inspiring book for the youth Church.

The Story of Our Church for Young Latterday Saints is a companion volume to Bible Stories for Young Latterday Saints, and Book of

Mormon Stories for Young Latterday Saints. It's the only book in print

which will provide your children with an insight into Church history and enhance their appreciation of their heritage. The full meaning

and forcefulness of the restoration of the Gospel has been beautifully and richly presented by this popular author. Young hearts will be

delighted with her account of the early years of the Church, and the events that took place will make an everlasting impression on their early lives. If you have the other two books, then you'll want to

complete your children's library with this distinguished third volume.

They'll love it and treasure it for years!

The Book of Mormon Testifies by Dr. Sidney B, Sperry

Dr. Sperry is a recognized authority on the Book of Mormon, and this

climaxes new book years of research. inspired many A richly...

that volume missionaries, teachers, students will and want in

Church library. It brings to the reader a systematic treatment of theirthe

Book of Mormon, book by book... presenting the more obvious and

interesting features of each, together with a condensation of the more important historical and religious matters. References to the

text of the Book of Mormon will be found in every chapter.

I Cry Joseph—Fiftyfour Evidences of the

Divine Calling of Joseph Smith by George Edward Clark bears volume This new to testimony that the world not Joseph wasV%1 only of a prophet but the God, greatest Christ, prophet, excepting since the Creation. Contains fiftyfour evidences of the Divine Colling

of In Joseph Smith. this of book his teachings his many of and events

life are together in put forceful a to manner the and point. it You'll find the of one challenging most of the year!... booksbriefly

Paper bound.

In a Sunlit Land by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

You'll like reading this autobiography of John A. Widtsoe. The story

sketches the high points of exceedingly life. purposeful and

It's stimulating, enjoyable invaluable andhis life to brings the...busy

experiences, the hardships courage and of itthe great leaders of

It our Church. will inspire in faith it! all those read of whoone

Lehi in the Desert and The World of Jaredites by Dr. Hugh Nibley

This written superbly reveals volume again integrity the of Joseph

Smith and the accuracy of the of Book Mormon. a fascinating study

of lives the of the Asiatic peoples their before It'swestward

Dr. Nibley's brilliant reconstruction places

era on an never before explored.

Now Back in AMERICAPrint BEFORE COLUMBUS by (Ill Dewey Farnsworth I N $5.00 1186v;, SoSOUTHit Lake C ityMA4, ut ah

.** lftltv cookies or more in every box!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

xtamed after the Greek Pythagoras of *-"the sixth century B.C. is the famous

theorem of geometry that in a right triangle the square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides. Now Professor Nuegebauer of Brown University has given

proof that this theorem appeared in

Babylonian mathematics a thousand years before Pythagoras.

t- he distinguished British geographer, -*- L. Dudley Stamp, recently concluded: "The area of the world at present cultivated could support, if fully

farmed by known best methods, at least three billion people on an adequate nutritional standard. If the lands at

present unused or inadequately used could be brought into production on the same -basis, potential world population climbs to over the ten billion mark."

tn Italy in 1945 there were 411,600 * cases of malaria, in 1951 only 392. With some financial backing from SncckmCflllDy TOPPED COOKIfS

UNRRA in the first year of a fiveyear program, but chiefly with its own efforts of and the use the program DDT, "50 Snookies or more in every cost only fifty about cents per capita per year. One of the features of the program box—cost only about 10c a

was the annual spraying, just before dozen!

malaria season, of the ceilings and inside walls of every house and animal shelter in every malarial area of the country.

Loaded with rich creamery ttt hen a railroad train is in motion, *"part of the train is always going butter and fresh eggs.

backwards. This is due to the use of

flanged wheels with the result that the part of the wheel which goes below the top of the rail is going backwards.

Sprinkled with gailycolored piECENT experiments have found that cinnamon candies—red, yel-

** pigs grow to fifty pounds in fiftylow, green, white, purple.

six days, the normal nursing period, if fed on a synthetic "milk"composed of proteins, amino acids, vitamins, and minerals, fortified with growthassisting Get Snookies—Purity's newest

antibiotics. The pigs fed on sow's milk

are only twentytwo pounds because of cookies—next time you shop.

low iron, copper, and varying B-vitamins. Under the artificial food program

sows are ready for a new mating very PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY soon after they have had a litter. Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

OCTOBER 1952 FOOD TECHNOLOGY

A recent stimulating experience was by Dr. G. Homer Durham

that of attending a conference on

Research on Policy and Administration Head of Political Science

Department, University of Utah of Natural Resources sponsored by the national Social Science Research Council at the University of Oregon, Eugene, means whereby the fresh, frozen, deOregon. At this gathering, one of the dihydrated, fermented, canned, or other

rectors of the research program made the food brought to our tables, comes gardenstatement that the next few decades will fresh in quality, taste, appearance, bring the population of the United chemical content, and nutritious value.

States to 200250 million inhabitants; He is an expert in the application of

that population experts are now conbio-chemistry, and other biological and vinced that past predictions of a physical sciences, and engineering, to "levelingoff"at around 165 million the production, preparation, processing, people are outmoded. This bulge in packaging, and consumption of lifepopulation has many implications: for giving food.

the number of stakes and wards, for The first course in the subject was problems of general Church administrapioneered by Professor O. H. Wiegand

tion; for school administrators; for at Corvallis in 1919. Today, his colbusinessmen and women; for politics lege, Oregon State, stands preeminent

and representation; for in the field, pushed by

pressure upon our soil, the universities of Caliwater, timber, mineral, fornia, Illinois, Rutgers,

Massachusetts, other natural reand Masof Institute sachusetts Why Mothers sources.and

In July 1952, the PresiTechnology. A new food

love to fly dent'sCommissionMaterials( "P Policya 1 e y technologyCorvallis todaybuildingsymbolat

Commission") issued its izes the great future of report showing some imthis important subject plications of this general and stands as a monuproblem for the years between now and ment to Wiegand's pioneering efforts. WESTERN 1975. In 1900, one American farm The building contains a number of

It's fun to travel with children worker's produce fed seven people; tochemical laboratories; approximately

eight feeds deepfreezer about fifteen experimental rooms; the same day man If you fly Western. you when

it that is estimated for an equal persons; "heater"rooms number of by 1975 11 be flight, they daylight take a

thrilled by the scenery. If you twentyone people will 'be fed by each experimentation in what retail store

fly at night, they'll sleep like farm worker. Urbanization and mechanheat and other warm temperatures do

cherubs. And you'll enjoy the ization have revolutionized living since to all kinds of packaged products; a

friendly help of Western's stew1900. dozen experimental laboratories for indiardesses, who are specialists in What did you eat today? Where vidual and group research; classrooms

the care and feeding of young did it come from? for teaching freezing, dehydrating,

travelers. The answers to both these questions preservation, and other techniques; and

fact: are fed that selfcontained to a "factory."processing by In one we add up Salt between trip the Take is planting, of of there process addition a a "darkcomplex remarkable means for Angeles, Los and City Lake processing, manufacturing, testinglaboratory harvesting, varieties room"where twoIt's a tiresome example. If of of reader distribution. are to products any subjected and The human it but car—your in drive day I detectives. but "taste"nothing has eaten privileged to Era was Improvement minutes, 20 hours, 3 only takes this the see his in of produce proceeds building courtesy through the the own Convair. deluxe Western's on is of Pettit, the of year, reader of that one past a research most the Mr. member

And rememberchildren unremarkable people on this planet. staff, on the heels of the natural reder 12 always fly for halffare All of this makes food technology sources conference held at Eugene, Oreon Western. Babesin-arms fly one of the most significant and imgon, a few miles distant.

free! portant fields in these times.; Thrown into juxtaposition, the two

"Food technology is the application experiences were most impressive. Anyof science and engineering to the manuone who does not now appreciate the

facture and preservation of foods."importance of pure and applied research

For this definition I am indebted to in American colleges and universities

L. A. Pettit, who introduced me to the may well remember the connection befiner points of the science during a retween investigations in food technology

cent visit to the campus of Oregon State and the future wellbeing of civilized,

College, Corvallis, Oregon. urbanized, industrialized man. The

ERiCA'S 04sr AIR LIWE The food technologist is the key people of Oregon can well be proud of scientist who stands between the farmer their state college and its Department and our health. The food,; technologist of Food Technology.

mm >-. is attempting to discover and develop {Concluded on page 702)

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Autumn Festival Cotton Frocks by

SIMPLICITY

Smart fall cottons, styled comfortably, attractively for you to wear for home work, shopping, visiting, outings. 24"zippers, full

2"hems, twin pockets in both styles.

ZCM HOUSE & TOWN Second Floor

Style A -- Calico print with lastex sides. Red, yellow,

blue, green. 1220; 4042.

OCTOBER 1952 Lsffcciat kjrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ERAVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Uhe L-hurcn of

/4e5u5 Lkriit

of <=JLatterdatA Saintd n n n*i VOLUME 55 r*J NUMBER 10 October 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH N1BLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE General Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEY Manager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER Jhe C-cover

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

A patient's eye view of the Salt Lake

Valley as seen from the sun porch of the Primary Children's Hospital serves as our cover. It is the photographic work

of Hal Rumel. (See Page 714 for story.)

The Editor's Page

Conserving Priceless Possessions President David O* McKay 709

Church Features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Learn Reconciliations: from Evidences and Can We CLXX—What

A. President Widtsoe Recent Tour of Europe?....John McKay's 710 Y.M.M.l.A.Y.W.M.I.A. Offices,Offices, 5040 NorthNorth MainMain St.St.

Smith and the Political Joseph Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Put Thy Strength, On O Zion!—GenealogyWorld...ArchibaldG, HomerF* DurhamBennett 718712

CorporaFunds, 755 Priesthood Melchizedek by Mutual 1952 Copyright The Church Moves On -704 Inc.,Improvementa Mutual Men's Young of the Presiding Bishopric's 718 756 tion Page Genealogy of Christ of Jesus Church the of Association

Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday

foreign in advance; a year, price, S2.50 scription

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

City, Utah, Lake Salt Office, Post the at Entered mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass as *-* Children's Primary Kingdom of in section for Of Such Is the provided of postage rate special Heaven"—The

July 2, authorized 1917, * of October C, Josephson 714 at Act 1103, Hospital Marba—-

1918. Southern Utah—Land of Fantastic Shapes in Colored Stone for unresponsible is not Era Improvement

contributions. welcomes but manuscripts, Claire Noall 722 Thesolicited

Special Agent J* Edgar Hoover with Ken Jones 728 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Spoken Word From Temple Square postage for delivery and return.

...Richard L. Evans 740, 744, 748, 752, 761

of Address Change Parable for Parents, Lee PriestFranklin the Universe, Exploring A of adchange for required notice days'ley 697 S. Harris, Jr include please a change, ordering 711 dress. Fifteen When 730 the Bookrack the magazine. issue of Times: Food Technology, On These slip from a recent address

the old unless be cannot made changes G. Homer Durham..... 698 Your Page and Ours 776 Address

is included. one well as the new address as

Today's Family Will Spring Bring Flowers... Handy Hints 767 National Advertising Representatives

For You? 764 How to Beat the High Cost of

Eating, Katherine Johns 768 Questions About Dating, Rex A. COMPANY TOWNSEND EDWARD S. 766 Skidmore Building Russ

San Francisco, California HENRY G. ESCHEN,

Stories, Poetry EDWARD1324S. TOWNSENDWilshire Blvd.COMPANY

Los Angeles 17, California ASSOCIATES SANGSTON 721 SADLER AND Jay Carroll The Chiseler Ave. 342 Madison Clapp 724...Lucy Margaret LoveYou*More 17, N. York New

"As Unto the Bow"—Part 2 Edith P. Christiansen 726 DAVIS & SONS Y.

Voice of the River, Don Marshall702 Schroder Crothers 707 30Chicago,N. LaSalieIllinoisSt.

Frontispiece, Night Storm, Marian Poetry Page 708

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When construction costs are a - build with problem

It's a fact! Building funds will

stretch farther when brick is used in structures that must stand the test of time and public service. For brick is not only low

in original cost, but free of any maintenance problems. It is

strong and weatherproof...

durable, beautiful and fireresistant.

When you hold up the yard stick of comparison, you'll find that

Thirteenth Ward Chapel brick masonry is the finest of all of the Church of Jesus Christ building materials.

of Latterday Saints Constructed in 1951

MANUFACTURERS OF BURNED CLAY PRODUCTS

INTERSTATE BRICK Co

3100 South 11th East Salt Lake City 6, Utah

OCTOBER 1952 701.

Food Technology

(Concluded from page 698) "What did this building cost?"I

inquired of Mr. Pettit.

"About $750,000.00,"he.replied.

"And how many faculty occupy it?"

"Four fulltime professors and about six to eight fulltime research workers."

"And you enjoy this marvelous building as a single department, and don't have to share it with speech, music, sociology, biology, or other subjects?"

"Yes."When Mr. Pettit showed me unit

laboratories available for single graduate students and their individual work,

I came to realize anew, the courage and vision of the western pioneers in establishing state universities and colleges and in fostering research; for, if the

people living in the three hundred

L.D.S. stakes in 1975 or 1995, together

with the rest of the 200odd million

Americans of that time, plus the rest offood—muchurban mankind,of it willenjoyhave wholesomebeen due

to men like O. H. Wiegand, L. A. Pettit, and the other modern "food technologists"who are busy working for

The special Wicks Organ human welfare in American food inand console designed for dustries, and in American colleges and the Boston, American universities.

Organists Convention. Guild of

for this size Behind it all lies the earth and its price Details and instrument gladly furnished. resources which we must all learn to

care for better:

And I have made the earth rich, and flcwT.YOU CAN OWN behold it is my footstool.... (D. & C. f 38:17.)

For, behold, of beasts the the field and air, A WICKS PIPE ORGAN the of the fowls cometh and that which % of the earth, is ordained for the use of man...from 2,975 for food and for raiment, and that he

might have in abundance. (Ibid., 49:19.)

.. In Seattle, here is the real thing "Food technology"is a "breadand-

Washington, the at the price of imitations butter"example of how we can better Wicks Representative is: Mr. Yes, you can now buy a magnificent Wicks Organ for as "take care"in these times.

Charles W. Allen, Ave., little as $2,975 (details and illustration supplied on request). 10708 First

Northwest, Seattle Every part of each Wicks is "custom built"by skilled 33, Washington artisans, satisfaction. guarantee and of carries a complete VOICE OF THE RIVER

smaller instruments purchased with console The may be

Wicks Arizona attached or detached as desired. These, as well as cathedral By Don Marshall

representative: size organs, tone, inspired have noted Wicks DIRECT * Mr. Hansen, Lynn river of mysteries unsolved, speaks 1 'he upkeep. economical and ELECTRIC ACTION, 25 South *- lace, crinoline hats; and beaver and Of MacDonald, Mr. recent appointment Melvin of Dunn, The Wicks W. It tells repaddle wheels clumsy how Mesa, Arizona area, available Salt Representative for the City Lake makes volved

an expert and personal service for Wicks buyers. Inquiries To drive a steamboat over sandy flats.

Please write should be addressed to: The river speaks of leaping antelope,

sharpening claws on mighty Department IE A grizzly, tree; Mr. Melvin W. Dunn. 481 10th Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

Of pioneers fired by their faith and hope

Constructing trails that bind us sea to sea.

The river speaks of fields of tasseled corn, Zhe WICKS ORGAN Of sugar cane and balls of snowy cotton.

It tells us how high mountains have been worn, COMPANY Of ancient cities buried and forgotten.

The river speaks not always of the past; WICKS It knows that greed, aggression will not

last. HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS I ORGANS

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Another favorite volume from the pen of John A. Widtsoe

z>untit': )

John A. An Understandable

Widtsoe Religion

Tells his own story in this This book is an easyto-read exploration newest of his books, his into the questions and problems of God autobiography... and religion. Such questions as "What is

God?... What is the objective of life?

What of the hereafter?'are

all treated simply and completely. A

friendly companion to the questioning mind. $2 In a Sunlit Land Here is the longawaited story of one of our most beloved

Churchmen. Heartwarming in its simplicity... human

in its understanding... inspiring in its religious philosophy

is this story of a man of science and a man of God. Sprinkled

with bits of wisdom and genial humor, this is a book that offers pleasurable reading... inspiring thoughts. $3.

1 A Rational Theology JohnA A.briefWidtsoeexposition showing the coherence,

reasonableness and universality of the Gospel.. $2. 00

2. Teachings of the Book of Mormon

William E. Berrett

A popular study book pointing the way to an intelligent understanding of the Book of Mormon $1.75

3. The Americas Before Columbus

Dewey Farnsworth A chonicle of the graphic drama in the Again available...

golden empire of the Incas and Mayas.

illustrated Profusely $5.00 Lynn McKinlay's popular

4. Jacob Hamblin lecture series

Pearson H. Corbett

Colonizer, conqueror of the desert, devoted churchman... Jacob Hamblin has been

aptly called "Apostle to the Indians."$5.00 5. Let's Live Life Eternal

Claude A dynamicRichards and constructive presentation of This series of four lectures was originally a way to attain real security and personal prepared for presentation to young peohappiness. $3.00 ple planning their first visit to the temple.

6. Mediation and Atonement Given with the inspiration and conviction

John Taylor of Lynn McKinlay's remarkable personcollection of scriptural relating passages A ality, these lectures have been enthusiasto the for clarity atonement, arranged and tically received. $2 easy reading $3.00

7. Essentials in Church History

Joseph Fielding Smith Doctrines, revelations and vital points of history Church $4.00 DESERETDept. IE BOOK CO.

44 E. So. Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send the following circled books:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Life Eternal An Understandable Religion

In a Sunlit Land

Name.

Address..

City State.

All books shipped prepaid. Residents of Utah add 2%

tax. sales "t.'rirpayfrryygTfjf w*iv*3;; -J

OCTOBER 1952 703 The Church Moves On

A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events #:

August 1952 Irj Elderthe CouncilJohn Longden,of the Twelve,Assistantdedito "America's Witness for Christ,"cated the chapel of the Weston Ward, 7 the sacred drama at the Hill Franklin (Idaho) Stake.

Salt Lake Tabernacle organ and The Palmyra, N. Y., began Cumorah, its choir presented its twelve hundredth

season. a cast eleventh annual Having

of several hundred, it is directed by Dr. consecutive weekly radio program over

a weekday feature of the National cutftolbills Haroldat BrighamI, Hansen,YoungprofessorUniversity,of dramaticswho cocoast-tocoast networks. Beginning as

authored the drama while a missionary Broadcasting Company, July 15, 1929, in the Eastern States. it has been a Sunday morning program

of the Columbia Broadcasting System since September 1932.

O The pageant at Palmyra, New Quarterly conferences of the stakes of

Wanttosaveasmuchasl5%to 30% York, was again presented. the Church began again after a short

of your fuel bill year after year?

summer vacation period.

Order Curtis winter doors and "America's Witness for Christ,"9 keep valuable now. They windows

pay inside heat your home—actually played its third, and final perThe annual allChurch softball

for themselves within a few years. formance of the year at Palmyra, New 20 tournament began at Glade Park

Curtis winter doors and windows York. More than one hundred thouin Salt Lake City. Teams were entered

make your home more comfortable, sand people saw the performances this from California, Idaho, Arizona, and

Utah. too.—eliminateThey guardthe nuisanceyour family'sof steamedhealth year.

frosted windows. and dedi- O. David President McKay 1a three Nearly hundred seminary 2-t

of City Studio the "cated the chapel -I- teachers WINDOWS, princiand institute and WINTER...YOUR Stake. (California) San Fernando Ward, pals in Salt assembled City to beLake

gin a threeday, Latterday Saint DeDOORS CURTIS WINTER AND excavators, pipeline Bulldozers, partment of Education annual conven- 1-j manby the are made WINDOWS J- other heavy graders, and. mation. ot Silentite ufacturers and Windows

Curtis Woodwork. We nave them in chinery moved onto the Los Angeles

of constyles site, actual used the all work and and commonly Temple as Stover Appointment of Walter tree estisizes. Call us today tor a in the Earlier day 2n struction began. of "general the a member Church is There mate. no obligation. met had O. President David McKay welfare committee announced. was He

with the Church building committee is a former president of the East Gerand others, and a decision was reached man Mission. He will continue as

to place underground utility wires runchairman of a committee in charge of ning along the east side of the property. the Deseret Woolen Mills, a position n

he has held since the Church obtained

In"Itcommemoratingwas announcedthethatfoundingthe markerof that property last March.

to Society been Relief had moved the Pocatello (Idaho) Tenth Ward 2n

Curtis Curtis combination site, once square the where a new softball the tourall-Church & won sash storm and screen—2 alightioweosstorir Illinois. in the Temple stood Nauvoo in Salt City. Plain City Lake nament style. door.

The sixton monument was erected and (Utah) placed second; Mesa Tenth

dedicated July 26, 1933, on property Ward (Arizona), third; Coltman

PHONE today 1866 owned by the Reorganized Church near (Idaho), fourth; Matthews (California),

—we'll fifth place; Wellsmeasure and

Beach call URTlS thethe siteProphetof theJosephstore Smith.once operatedIt was onby villeconsolation(Utah),prizesixth;andLong your openings. WOODWORK the second floor of that store that the fornia), seventh; and St. George (Utah),(CaliRelief Society was organized March 17, eighth. Mesa Tenth Ward also won

1841. The owners of the property had the sportsmanship award.

requested that the monument be moved.

At Your Local ft m President David O. McKay dedi1r The fifth annual presentation of "cated the chapel of the Brigham

Fire presented Refiner's by City Seventh was Ward, North Box Elder

Stake Stake. (Utah) Mutual LUMBER DEALER thev Mt. Jordan (Utah)

Improvement Associations. This year President Stephen L Richards of the

the outdoor pageant was the life of First Presidency dedicated the chapel

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. Brigham Young. Previous presentaof the Albuquerque (New Mexico)

Building Material Distributors tions in the series were titled: The Branch, Western States Mission.

205 NO 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. Prophet Joseph Smith, Nephi, Joseph Elder Spencer W. Kimball dedicated

OlS, TWIN FAUS, POCATBILO, IDAHO *EN0, NEVADA Who Was Sold Into Egypt, and Saul of the L. D. S. seminary building adjacent

Tarsus. (Concluded on page 763)

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANEW OFFER FOR BEHER READING, BETTER WING

ANY THREE OF THESE FINE NEW BOOKS WITH Yours for only MEMBERSHIP ThorndikeBarnhart DICCREATIVE HOME DECO-j

Incorporates TIONARY, RATING bytheRockowsl all the in dicTHIS advances OFFER! SENSATIONAL MAKE WHY WE wonders home Work

tionary achieved'making big this \ with manual will wellbound. Family Reading Club makes your be de books And THE livered offer last during this to century. the demonstrate unusual your the pictures,, door by postman-* 500 Contains

in Jready the to read! toClub you membership entries, how Contains 80,000 charts, scores "show* of

-the enjoyable best books most bringsnew etc. 700 rooms, how."900 Com* Books free "Bonus"andless publishers'at the than much 'pages. must for plete stepby-step volume methods illustrations,A select ular editions! regand Founded to Family Reading distributes Club The

I the library permanent edition, $4.95. "'Pub. distribute are worthwhile, books which for free Book each & "Bonus"four

interesting entertaining without and selections take. Club These you books

in being objectionable the way, any Will the high meet standards Club of is Family just Reading Club what you interest, superior writing for! looking been have subject wholesome matter excellence,and—and

publishers Each submit fine books build library month can you a up home will believe Familythey the meet this expense. extra at purno The way

Editors standards. Reading Club of for Our the books only chase from Club

select then the they recombook can of to $3.00 $4.00 $1.89 each—instead in

enthusiastically. are original These most mend publishers'editions—savesi the

every books which your member of each book on you from you 35% 50% safely family can can the! value read—books of you the adcept. whento And

children in, read where can figured youcansavel Books Bonus 1 dollars retained leavethem to be wish—booksolder as as of your book much 60%is

library pride. with in yourif theyhome Join Now—Send No Money

What Membership Means To You if you believe in a book club which

There In the Familyis no chargeReadingfor Clubmembershipbeyond willeveryappealmemberto oftheyourfinestfamily,instinctslet usof to Family introduce the you cost of Reading themselves. the books the You

while get can Club (plus your you only $1.89 postage NOW, each and pay

the of of choice wonderhandling) for the books purchase THREE ANY you GREATEST BOOK: THE BRIDES NINE THE AND described as reading after books here—two the review book your magaFul- EVER WRITTEN by by Neill HITE Gift, will to Membership zine one as GRANNY which your fulFREE come home

reverent Oursler. ton picvivid is selection Wilson. for It A only not Club your and—month. to C. each A

the. the $1.89! just mail every of chase book money, Old a no firstSend of necessarymonth—you backwoods purmay Amerthis unusual as today. as as accept However, four each few coupon to year restory of poor, folks are TestaAdam retellingment—the tureica—where offer at All your membership. selections withdrawn any be may all Biblical the and happy. and kindly but coupon to im- -tainare complete, wellprinted the urge mail new, you we NQWltime? and '.v in 'mortals simple, beauit take Granny from And

tifullywritten narrative form. Pub. edition, $3.95.. FAMILY READING CLUB * MINEOLA, NEW YORK Hite,man makea girlupstillhishelpsmind her!

mm '1 SxlliiRsiilllill

III! llililililll

ill HI Blllllli

LIVES ENCYLOVERS'THREE ELIZAAMERICA the MUSIC COOKS by OF ALL ABOUT HOUSE

Seifert. over Shirley Browns. Contains Edited CLOPEDIA. by by BETH PLANTS by Montague

finest preCivil, a of 1600 Contains Taylor. Free. The can ou Now make recipes—the

operas, of. the each of 48 states 90 living wid* a your—of Deemssummaries an inWar room storywomen—twice

times oldthree dictionary mouthwatering of from marowed, is music- 7,000 door garden! Here a

: life favorites to of al terms, the she fashioned biographies tells modof that guide you what

Crystal three the with taste ern delights. sharedried—and'musicians. men 8,500 to grow Over to and 900 grow how

it. Fully illustrated. Pubwho led her from poverty clear directions make it pages, A complete source

lisher's edition. $3.50. to riches and high society. impossible to go wrong. book. Pub, ed., $3.49.

MAIL COUPON NOW/ I CHECK THE 3 BOOKS YOU WANT with membership

FAMILY READING CLUB, Dept. 10ER, MINEOLA, NEW YORK

checked have the at Please send once three books me Plants House All About first Gift and right BooksI the as two my

I for delivery) bill (plus selection, only atClub and Membershipme Cooks America of the all Family enroll three. Also a $1.89member me

I mm of review each month, Club send me,as a Reading and (set) Bird Guides Audubon privilege I selection. Club's the the forthcoming have I

if accept I in to wish notifying not advance do you I Decorating Creative Home special at offered—selection, the alternate ofany or book

members'handling). priceThereofareonlyno $1.89membershipeach (plusdues postageor fees, andand Crusade in Europe I

alternates I selections as four few may accept Greatest Book I will The I the member,or during months. comingas As a

Ever Written selecreceive four- a free with Club each Bonus twelveBook tions or alternates I accept.

Lovers'Music NORISK SPECIAL GUARANTEE: Q

If Encyclopedia not delighted, in IN CRUSADE EUROPE GUIDES BIRD AUDUBON this will allbe canceled.books days 7 and membershipI will return

Eisenhow- D, by Dwight by Richard Pough. I- ] H. Brides Nine The

Mr. er. whole The east land water birds and All: fl Hite Granny and II, Mrs of World of Rockies described Wargigantic and print) (Please Miss

a ThorndikeBarnhart in hu- '-\j dramatold and illustrated with almost warm

No.. Street and the account fullcolor glorious Su- 1,000 by Dictionary Desk man

pictures. of complete Most Commander preme.State....Zonethe City Lives of Three ever of 2 published. forces. Original Set Allied

Age, Elizabeth.vols. edition,, edition, publisher's $6.50. Pub. $5.00. A. St.and, TorontoCanada.2"1 the: 105TJ. BondS Underif2 L........Lf SameOffer pricegood onlyin Canadain

OCTOBER 1952 705. -.'

How much is five cubic yards of education?

*jQt -4*5iCte"AuJfSi"'*

N TERMS of Utah Copper's production, ing for one student. We can put it another way: In

five cubic yards of education is a day 1951 Utah Copper tax paid the cost of educating and a half of schooling for each student in Utah. 30,542 or more than 20% of the state's average

Here's how we arrive at a cubic yard measuredaily attendance of 147,819 students up to and

ment of education: Last year the dippers of the including high school.

giant electric shovels bit into the ore body of the The millions of cubic yards of copper ore mined

Bingham mine 3,879,725 times and scooped out each year mean millions of days of education for

an average of five cubic yards each time. Utah's young people, an opportunity to acquire

During the year, Utah Copper paid $5,228,250 the knowledge and training needed for a better life.

in taxes to the state school fund. In other words, Millions of cubic yards of copper ore mean to us

each loaded dipper meant $1.35 in school taxes, and all the benefits that come from large tax payments,

in our state that pays for a day and a half of schoolpayrolls and supply purchases.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION "A good neighbor helping jL, t build a better Utah"

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Fechner from Monkemeyer NIGHT STORM

S ilver lances of lightning pierce the sky,

Hurled by the Storm Chief as he races by

To thunderous drumbeats that fill the night,

Urging the black clouds to desperate flight;

While bending trees, far down the lane,

Writhe under slanting arrows of rain.

by Marian Schroder Crothers

OCTOBER 1952 707 GARDEN GAVOTTE WILLOW BROOK LATE OCTOBER

By Hannah Smith By Mary Beth Magnenat By Pauline Havard

P\own from their trellis roses sway heart has heard the whispering of T stood within the gold October day *—'In crimson, miniature ballet. My the sea, * As I would stand in an enchanted room,

Has watched the sea gulls fleck an autumn Wondering which hour would take away

The zinnias in their brickedged ring sky; Enchantment, and proclaim the bright

Are doing clog and buckand-wing. But more than this when willows don leaves'doom.

starcrest fluttered jeweled leafage painted overhead; crown and bow their The willow's slow, A the marks Abandon

heads, of birches; fans; leaves giant maples'Gold adagio. Seductive, green

the speaks a message underneath leaves a single Bronze oak by hanging God

Along the path, red cannas stand boughs thread;

To dance an earthbound saraband. That only those who walk with him can And all dependent on the secret plans

hear. Of wind and weather. Standing in that

The wind, my garden dancing master, wood

Commands his troupe I gleaned the day's gold, frail and transi- "Dance! Faster—Faster!"MAP FOR REMEMBERING tory;

By Elaine V. Emans AndThis somehowbright day,as beingI watcheddoomed,I understoodheld special

OH, PROMISED LAND "V7"ou didn't dream I kept a kind of road glory, precious in its jeopardy more And was showing places I have loved the By Gwen ]. Miner * Map

settled, any could be/ day Than summer best

XJo longer sagebrush spreads a graygreen So I can hurry back, in need of rest? L rug, I SHALL TURN BACK Its scent so pungent in the wind and rain. WithI knowsunpreciselyand peace,wherethea blueday lakethat hadglowedno

No longer cabins dot a desert bleak, hours; By Frances C. Yost

The only refuge in a wild domain. I know a hill where clover pillowed me,

A valley where the sweetwild song could HToday I walked where golden grain had

Oh, promised land! All time cannot erase be * stood.

Your pictures etched with colorings of pain. No bird's but bobolink's, a pine that Where once the staff of life reached high

towers and waved Remembered, too, are tired, calloused hands, Forever, keeping tryst with the evening Its tawny blades, each crowned with

Worn rough by endless hours of weary star. clustered food

toil, I know a little town, Octoberbright; For man or beast. God's lavish gift is

And plodding feet that gallantly walked on I know a city blanketed in white; laved.

Oblivious to the hard, unyielding soil. And never has the distance been so far, The harvester has passed. His work to

So faint within the memory, the track, thresh

Oh, promised land, where troubled hearts I have not been renewed by slipping back. The grain is done. Stubble as fountain

found rest, straws No force your visioned destiny could foil. Prick while I walk. Yet grains of gold like

Where once the dusty clods of sagebrush Are trashleft in halffilled hulls to cling as claws grew, On withered arms, unsought, cast off for

A monumental empire stands today. churls.

Where death and courage once walked In Bible days the gleaners combed the earth hand in hand, With bended backs. Grain kernels were

Tall spires now their silent tribute pay. true pearls.

Waste Not: Want Not, a motto of sound

Oh, promised land! Still faithful to your worth.

trust, Does famine stalk my steps with gapingYou beckon those who come to build—and tooth?

pray. I shall turn back to glean the grain as

Ruth!

AUTUMN AGAIN By Zelda Davis Howard UNTAMED A gain the trees and shrubs have changed By Gay Winquist ** their dresses 7V utumn is a piebald mustang;

Tired of fluffy cottons in the pale shades, ** I have seen his silhouette

And because cool breezes have stirred their Flashing down the mountain canyons, tresses, flame. Breathing No lariat

have donned bonnets and capes of—Photograph by F. D. SilkeyThey to snare him; can hope Ever swung

brocades. bronzed

gardensFlower glow in golden warm sunSEA URCHIN WhenBring himI searchcaptivewhereto lasthis I knees.stalked him,

shine, By Ethel Jacobson He is gone, and naked trees

Within the friendliness of tiny wings, Shiver where his mane has brushed them.

The gorgeous colors with their sweet scents Surf and sand and bright blown locks, I would tame him if I could, combine Small head bent, But my lariat hangs empty;

Benignly with the song the thankful soul Still, intent Snagged on bare limbs in the wood.

sings. Over a pool between the rocks

Autumn is the harvesting season of earth, Where fringes of sea

And after the "gathering"has been done, Anemone, TALL MOMENTS likeWeariness a wanderer coral, Purple, of no worth are gently curled By Helen Sue Isely rest are won.Is gone, and Till and relaxation tea- a deep in

Rich fields, ripened fruits, bonfires, and Cupful of sea. T Iope is the cooling air

flowers, Dwarfed to this small, strange, watery world, * * Which cuts through a summer night;

Beneath starry skies make rare autumn's Magicglossed, All who are watching share hours. The musing child is lost. Tall moments of sheer delight.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <g5S353*RBSSR3S!3S533S

Conserving Priceless Possessions by President David O. McKay

e have heard much about the vation, based upon faith in the Lord Jesus necessity 01of CO]conservation. We have been adChrist, to their children.

monished to conserve our resources. Economy I praise God for the instructions he has given

and thrift are fundamentals in the social orhis people concerning the sacredness, sanctity, ganization and in the teachings of this Church. and permanence of the family relationship.

Conservation and care are in keeping with the Let us impress these instructions upon our example which Jesus gave his disciples. You ehildren. First, let us teach them that the

remember on one occasion he fed the multiproper place to begin the family relationship tude, after which he said, "... Gather up the is in the House of God, kneeling at his sacred

fragments that remain, that nothing be lost."altar worthily. This means that the young

(John 6:12.) man is just as pure and sweet in his life, and

Conservation of material things is most comthat he has been during his teens and early mendable and pleasing to God, but the greatest manhood, as she whose hand he holds in his, conservation that mankind can engage in is and who gives to him a life of purity and virthe conservation of youth, the conservation of tue, worthy of motherhood, worthy of one who manhood and the protection of womanhood, in the holy office of motherhood joins with the and I appeal to the Latterday Saints to give Creator in bringing to the earth eternal souls.

more thought to the protection, to the conWe are not conserving that which will persideration, of the dearest possession you have ish in time when we protect and guide eternal your sons and daughters. spirits. The little babe comes to the home

The day after Christ gave the lesson of as an eternal part of it, when the father and economy in taking care of things of the earth, the mother plight each other's troth for time he said to some of the same multitude who and all eternity. Let us teach the youth, then,

gathered around him in Capernaum: "... ye that the marriage relationship is one of the

seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but most sacred obligations known to man or that because ye did eat of the loaves, and were man can make. Teach them that the family

filled. is the first institution ordained of God and

"Labour not for the meat which perisheth, instituted among men. If every couple sensed

but for that meat which endureth unto everthe sacredness of this obligation, there would lasting life, which the Son of. man shall give be fewer homes broken up by disagreements

unto you."(Idem 2627.) And they said, in that lead to divorces.

substance, "What is that? Master, where shall The safety, the perpetuity of our government,

we get this?"And he said, "This is the work or of any republican form of government, deof God, that you believe on him whom he hath pends upon the safety and permanency of the

sent."(Idem 2829.) home. Herein we get a glimpse of one thing

Faith in Christ is one of the principles which in which this people may be the saviors, in a we should teach our boys and girls. The way, of this great nation. The home is the

Prophet Joseph Smith, through revelation, replace where the perpetuation of the principles ceived the admonition, and he has given it to of liberty as well as the instructions in the gosthe world, and it is now a standing law in the pel of Jesus Christ should be given to the chilChurch that it is the duty of fathers and dren. When the home breaks up, the children

mothers to teach the principles of life and sal- (Concluded on following page)

OCTOBER 1952 709 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) which God has given you to protect in this world, begin to wander off into sin. Then the law must that the sin of their failing, the sin of their degrareach out to bring them back and try to teach them dation may not rest upon your shoulders.

principles of service and of true government; but, Homes are made permanent through love. Oh,

oh, how helpless, how helpless the state when the then, let love abound. If you feel that you have

home has failed! not the love of your children, live to get it. Though

The inspiration of God is seen in requiring the you neglect some of the cattle, though you fall

Latterday Saints to keep their homes intact and short in some material matters, study and work and to teach their children the principles of the gospel pray to hold your children's love.

of Jesus Christ. I do not mean by that that we Loyalty is another element of the permanent

should make such teaching purely formal. I mean home. The loyalty you afterwards want them to

that the gospel of Jesus Christ should radiate in show to the priesthood of God should be manifest every home, that the prayer night and morning in the home—love, loyalty, virtue. Cherish these

should be offered up in sincerity, that the children principles as you cherish and treasure your life.

daily should realize that we desire in our home the Set children the proper example. Latterday Saints,

presence of God. If we can invite the Savior there, keep the commandments of God. Teach the chilwe may know that the angels will be not only willdren the commandments. The auxiliary associaing but also eager to protect our boys and girls. tions are doing much to help us. The Church in

I believe that in most homes boys and girls are all its organizations is putting forth an effort to taught to pray before retiring for the night. I bemake ideal men in ideal communities; but after

lieve, however, that too generally, the morning all, the responsibility of making those ideal men, prayers are neglected. When we come to think those ideal boys and girls, rests with the parents,

of it, though, it is during the waking hours that and next with the older brothers and sisters. The

our boys and girls need the protection of God, and responsibility is with the family, God's unit in the the guidance of his Holy Spirit, more even than social fabric of humanity. We shall never get away

when they are asleep. The dangers surrounding from it.

them today are the dangers that come to them out God help us to conserve the powers of our boys in society, out in the darkness of the night, when and girls. God help us to implant in their hearts

they are away from parental influence. I plead the principles of life and salvation. May they have

with you parents of the Church to know where an undying testimony of the truth of the gospel of your boys and girls are at night, between the hour Jesus Christ—for it is true. The principles of the

of sunset and the hour of retiring. I plead with gospel of Jesus Christ are the principles of eternal

you to know where they are during the day. Keep life. God help us to instil this into the hearts of

your minds upon them. Let your thoughts go with the young and keep them free and unspotted from

them. Labor not so much for that which will perish, association with those who would deprive them of

but for that which endures eternally, for the lives the ideals of purity.

What Can We Learn from President McKays Recent Tour of Europe?

President David O. McKay made Church history homelands of the Church. They have very seldom

in his recent European tour. Many lessons may been visited by missionaries or General Authoribe drawn from the notable events of his journeyties. There is very little Church literature availings. Three of these may be of special interest to able in the languages spoken there, yet those who

Era readers. have received the gospel remain from year to year

First: The European missions have seldom been true to the covenants they made in the waters of

visited by Presidents of the Church. 'The burden baptism.

of their calling is heavy, and seldom is it possible for When, a few years ago, a visit was made to Beirut the President to lay aside the steady stream of work in Syria, the president of the branch, dressed in flowing into his office to make a visit to distant points.

Though this is the case, yet it should be rememEvidences the of the bered that work Church goes on in these AND places the headquarters of the remote Church. from

Missionaries, and sometimes members of the General

Authorities, visit Saints in distant lands, but howReconciliations ever seldom they, are visited, members generally CLXX remain true and staunch in the faith.

For example: Turkey and Syria and other countries of the Near East are under conditions very by John A. Widtsoe

different from those that prevail generally in the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE 710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA baggy trousers of the country, met the visitors. He temple in Switzerland—a temple which probably

had been left alone without visitors from the Church will be built in the near future.

for many years. Yet his simple faith was superb. The work done in the temples, the instructions

He had not lost the spirit of the work nor of his given there, the covenants made there, and the calling. It was a delight to be in his company. blessings bestowed there, represent the culmination

Way up in the northern part of Norway a group of the message and gifts of the restored gospel for of Latterday Saints were left for many years very the living and for the dead. Every true Latterday

much alone due to circumstances, yet, they carried on Saint yearns for the opportunity of temple associathe work and sang the songs of the Church much tion. No greater gift can be bestowed upon members

as in a large, populous ward. of the Church on earth than to be placed within the

The Church feels sure that those who have vicinity of a temple.

learned to understand the gospel and made coveIn Europe several generations of Latterday Saints nants with the Lord in the waters of baptism are have lived and passed away without the opportunity able to stand alone. It should be the aim of all of doing temple work. Many have left their native

members of the Church far and near so to underlands and languages spoken at their mother's knees, stand the gospel as to be able to stand alone without and have crossed the ocean to come near the temples frequent visits from Church officials. in the "Western Zion."This will not now be

Second: The thoughts of the Church are with all necessary. Those who so desire may still join with

its members. In that sense they are never alone or the people in America, but those who prefer may

unvisited. The spirit of the work permeates the remain in their homelands within easy reach of

whole Church and touches every member. Therefore, a temple, receive their own blessings and do work

for their kindred dead.

of the prayers all for the Saints are believers to be So, lessons of deep value to Latterday Saints may in their sustained fields various of work. In addiPresident be from drawn European McKay's recent

tion, Authorities the General of the Church, with trip, of a farreaching, eternal are nature. and they the President at the regularly head, meet throughout

to gospel the the enable has one power The who the year their in prayers and of remember members it to faith receives true to active remain the and the far. near reality Church In and in members

his in living fellow befaraway from it though distant places are never quite since their alone conlievers. as that the assured be But he Church may ditions are needs discussed and often their brethby a whole, from the Presidency down through the ren.

various organizations, the various quorums of the

With the spirit of our Father in heaven to guide priesthood, and the organized bodies of the Latterhim, and with the prayers and support of a great, day Saints, are praying for one another constantly united Church, President McKay undertook this someand with faith in their hearts. In that sense no

what tiresome journey to meet with the Saints of Latterday Saint is wholly left alone. In addition,

Europe. That which he gave them through his the blessings of the temple are steadily being made

presence, personality, and voice will do much to available to more and more members of the Church.

strengthen the cause of Zion in European lands. It is good to think of these things. They strengthen

Third: As a gift to the faithful Latterday Saints our faith and enable us to do more effective work

of Europe, President McKay selected a site for a within the Church.

:>-:Vv<:::v:>>::":>::::::

A Parable for Parents anne"Whyasked.doesn't"Allsheshelookhasup?"to Marido is would"It certainlyferns be looksgrowinglike inferns.a tree?"But

lift her eyes, and there's Tim in plain An old gentleman who came strollby Lee Priestley sight!"ing along a path, saw the Fondpar-

"Lifting the eyes must not be so ents staring up into the branches and to look. came over is it?"he "What it as seems,"John Fondparent

curiosity. in friendly do "WhatTheandfondparents,Tim, had stoppedwith atMariannethe park said.easy "I reading once that asked remember

in the small southern town to give all animals habitually look at a point you see?"

Sugar, the spaniel, a run, and to level with their eyes.""We are wondering what is growstretch ing along their own travelcramped that branch,"Mary Fond- "What a lot Sugar misses then."

legs. said. parent

When the spaniel dashed ahead, Marianne watched the boy and the "Those are tree ferns,"said the

Tim sprang to catch a low branch dog. old gentleman. "They often grow on

and swing himself up on it. He lay Tim dropped a leaf on the puzzled the shady side of branches and

flat, then, to watch the dog below. dog. Looking up, Sugar saw him. trunks in the woods around here."

Sugar discovering that no one folBarking and leaping gaily, she seemed He looked again at the short fronds lowed her, trotted back to see what to appreciate the trick he had played that decked the bark. "But that's a

had become of Tim. Nose to the on her. When Tim dropped to the funny thing. I never noticed those

ground she circled and quartered unground, they ran off together again. before now, and I walk here nearly

til she picked up the scent of Tim's Mary Fondparent stared up at the everyday."

trail again. She followed it to stand branch where Tim had lain. "Look, As the old gentleman walked on,

puzzled and sniffing under the oak John, what is that? Growing all Mary said softly, "How much we all

branch where the trail ended. along that branch?"miss by not looking up."

OCTOBER 1952 711 Political theory, in the best and academic sense, is the search for principle. The search goes on for

those principles, which, squaring with the stubborn facts of observation and experience, may serve to guide men in the effort to control political processes for worthy ends. The conscious attempt to control and direct governments by large groups of people is

relatively recent. In the past so many

men, uncritically, accepted the view that government, taxes, armies, political power were immutably fixed, if not as stars, wind, rain, and frost, at least by powers beyond the control of common men. Government,

taxes, armies, political power were phenomena to be accepted, not used as instruments of social intelligence.

Early, some men came to realize that this was not so; that rulers claiming divine, mystic, magical, or other

sanctions, in reality manipulated government to their own good or nefarious purposes. Shortly, doctrines of

popular selfgovernment emerged with the ideas that governments are and can be made, shaped, directed, influenced, and controlled by men in general. The preamble of the Constitution of the United States is

demonstrable proof of this doctrine.

"We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the

United States of America."

The search for perfecting principle—Photograph by David Stewart Boyer

in action always continues. All may

contribute. When rich experience is Word of Wisdom and have "joy"how to make war. Section 134, the

combined with intense acumen, we through "obedience to the laws and official declaration on "... Governmay reasonably expect to discover ordinances of the gospel."However, ments and Laws in general,"does not

contributions of interest and signifiwe discover, I believe, that revelation purport nor claim to be revelation, cance. So it is with Joseph Smith, is less prone to contain direct political but is the official opinion of the Lat1805-1844. His political experience content than messages of other sigter-day Saints.

was intense, practical, and varied. nificance. President Woodruff's significant

His acumen is undisputed, whether There is a greater tendency to dismanifesto of December 1889 (not the vouched by friend, foe, or the merely agree over political than theological one of 1890) declaring that the disinterested. matters, for obtaining agreement is Church does not claim to be an inMost of us are familiar with his the persistent problem of government. dependent, temporal, political kingreligious mission. His claim to direct There are important exceptions, of dom of God, asserting the separation

communication with God raises incourse. Section 98 of the Doctrine of church and state, and denying the

teresting considerations in the field and Covenants contains instructions Church's right to "dictate"in politiof politics; for example, if God is on ( 1 ) when to obey government, and cal matters or the voting behavior of

omniscient and speaks to man, men, if by implication when political disits members, is however, a significant in agreement, should be able to conobedience is justified; (2) how to deal case in point. The official statement

trol the state for noble ends as well with enemies, political as well as of the First Presidency in 1942, justias keep the body healthy through the otherwise; (3) how to avoid war and fying the bearing of arms and war712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith and the Political World by Dr. G. Homer Durham head of the political science department, university of utah

America stands at the crossroads again this fall. At

the polls we must choose leaders to guide the nation in the years ahead. here is a thoughtprovoking article on

the political activities and philosophy of the prophet

Joseph Smith which may help us in our choice.

activity by Church members, has the Far West, Missouri, militia, and Army, but with himself constituted a similar interest. eventually into the independent Naumember of the Army, to police the

In August 1843, Joseph Smith voo Legion. Rocky Mountains and bring Texas,

stated that the Lord had not granted 5. He managed various lobbies bethe western Mexican, and Britishhim a revelation on politics, although fore the Missouri and Illinois legislaclaimed Oregon territories into the

he stated that his brother Hyrum tures, before the U. S. Congress, and American Union.

had been given one (with reference himself spent the winter of 183940 7. He was mayor of the largest city

as to how the Mormons should vote in in Washington D. C. as special in Illinois and simultaneously chief

the Illinois election that year). The pleader. justice of the most unusual municipal

Prophet was constantly, from 1833 6. He organized the Nauvoo Charter court ever seen in America, and,

on, applying his abilities to political and contrived several additional polieutenant-general of the most unproblems. Inasmuch as the reader is litical schemes within the framework usual body of troops. He was mayor,

familiar with the religious aspects of of the American system such as rechief justice, general, and religious the Prophet's career, it may be perquesting congressional authority to leader, all rolled into one, much to missible to call attention, to the recenlist 100,000 men, not to be conthe annoyance of contemporaries and ord as it stands in the more human, stituted members of the United States {Continued on page 746) political field. Viewed thus, Joseph

Smith emerges as a most remarkable and extraordinary political figure.

Politics is life, particularly in a selfgoverning society. Joseph Smith's

life was strenuous and exciting. His

life was inseparable from the political processes of his day. He attempted

to control them for good as best he knew. Our lives today are inseparable from the facts of government.

We have the same obligations to know, so we, as citizens, can attempt to control government for worthy purposes.

Here is a brief resume of his political experience:

1. He stood before law courts, for

various reasons, from March 1826 until the end of his days: justices'

courts; county, municipal, and district

courts of the American states; and

the federal district courts.

2. He secured copyrights, deeds,

and other rights and privileges from government.

3. He organized the Church in

conformance with the laws of the state of New York, and eventually modified its internal control by the device of the trusteein -trust under the laws of Illinois.

4. He organized a frontier military

expedition, Zion's Camp. He later "Last Public Address of Lieut.-Gen. Joseph Smith"from a painting by

reshaped the military institution into John Hafen, Copyright 1888.

OCTOBER 1952 713

"... of Such

Quiet games are provided for patients in bed.

Marlina, wonder baby, takes the air on one of the long porches which overlook the city.

—Photographs by Hal Rumel

Idaho the Lord had sent a small girl with a pencil

March 4, 1952 to answer my prayer.

While Ray has complained very little,

Dear Sisters -of the Primary Board and all of he has always suffered a lot of pain. One

the doctors who serve in the Children's night shortly after his brother's death, I

Hospital lay by him trying to get him to sleep. He

Yesterday at the dedication of our hosasked, "Will I have sores in heaven?""No,"

pital I was moved to tears of gratitude. I told him, "you will have nice skin like

There are no words to express how grateful other kids there. "With tears in his little

I am for all you have done to make this eyes he told me that he loved Daddy and me, hospital possible. his brothers, and Marilyn, but he would like

I know yesterday must have been a wonto die and go to heaven with Larry, so he derful day for each of you. It was a most wouldn't hurt so bad.

wonderful day in my life. I want you sisters and brothers to know that I feel you have been the instruments

My little Ray has suffered pain all his in God's hands to prepare this beautiful life. I have done all I could for him. We home for him, and others like him.

have prayed for him to be cured. I have never seen my boy as happy as he

Since Ray has gone to school he has was yesterday. He tells me that all the

suffered another blow. Children will not people there like him; they don't shun him

play with him because of his sores. because he has sores. He told me the elders

The night before his birthday his pain administer to him each Monday. He says he

was so great that he couldn't sleep. I lay is going to get well and be just like Dr.

by him for several hours to quiet his Rich and Daddy.

nerves. He said he could stand the pain I can't tell you how grateful I am, but

if he could just have a friend. I knelt to all of you and the board, and all the docby his bed and prayed that the Lord would tors, nurses, and others who have helped,

help him find a friend. I made popcorn I am truly grateful.

balls for him to treat his class on his May the Lord continue to bless you in birthday. That night after school a sweet your work.

little girl came. She brought a pencil for Love,

Ray's birthday. She said it wasn't very Parents'signature

much, but a nickel was all she had /'-Yes v 714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is the Kingdom of Heaven The Primary Children's Hospital

by Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thethe foregoingmultitude isof butlettersa samplethat comeof readerof goodwiththat thehas tremendousbeen accomplishedamount L.D.S.care forHospital,children thehas postoperativenot been so

to the hospital and the general during the past fortyone years of successful. Children need more freeboard offices from grateful parents operation. Even before there was a dom than regular hospital routine

and patients. Many of the former Children's hospital, those who needed can afford. They need loving, perpatients make special trips back to attention were sought by the general sonal tendance during their convathe hospital to express the gratitude board of the Primary Association and lescence. Finally, the First Presidency,

they feel for the help they have retaken to the Dr. Groves'Latterday made aware of the need by the Priceived. But even if no thanks were Saint Hospital where they were given mary Association, encouraged the

expressed, the work of the Primary operative care. Both Sister Felt and presidency to study what had been

Children's Hospital would go forSister Anderson were so fired with done in other areas for young people.

ward because of the real satisfaction their plan that they readily converted As they investigated, they learned that those connected with it experiothers to it. The First Presidency that they were pioneering in a new

ence in giving of service over and heartily concurred. Unstintedly Sisfield.

above the call of duty. ter Felt and Sister Anderson gave of In 1922, eleven years after the plan

From the moment in 1911 when their energy in raising funds for this was first initiated, the Primary ChilSister Louie B. Felt and Sister May great cause. From their efforts and dren's Hospital opened its doors on

Anderson conceived the idea of estabthose of succeeding presidencies and North Temple Street, directly north lishing some method by which chilgeneral boards has stemmed the inof the Tabernacle, in a home that the dren could be helped to overcome spiration that has carried the dream Church had renovated and equipped.

their handicaps until the present, docto the individual wards and stakes During the thirty years of its operators, nurses, and volunteer workers and brought it to fruition in the beaution at that location, 5,907 "in"or have responded to the call of the littifully complete Primary Children's resident patients and 3,498 "out"patle ones and have labored valiantly Hospital at 12th Avenue and D Street tients (those who come for remedial to correct or minimize their problems. that overlooks the valley of Salt Lake. treatment but live at home) have

Even a cursory glance through the Great as has been the satisfaction been served within its walls. Referrals

records will astonish the most casual of the operative care given at the {Continued on following page)

The Primary Children's Hospital view from Eleventh Avenue and D Street. 9&I&RO

OCTOBER 1952 715 Some Indian children at the nurse's station. Robert, at home on the desert again, after being a patient in

the hospital.

(Continued from preceding page) cases. Tony is a Navajo Indian who nurse has her particular "children,"

come to the hospital chiefly through at two and a half years of age weighed and the one who mothers the Indian the bishops who may know of worthy fifteen pounds. He was so weak and children was herself for two years

children, not necessarily members of lifeless that it was difficult to get the only white girl on an Indian the Church, who may need profeshim to respond to any medical or reservation in Arizona. She rode her

sional assistance; they also come from nursing care. It took a nurse an white burro to school with the Inthe public health department, social hour to feed him with a medicine dians, played with them, and learned

workers, the Department of the Indropper three times a day. When their language. She remembers

terior. she had finished, Tony often would enough of it today to be able to say

To those who visited the hospital lose the entire ten ounces of milk. good morning and good night in

on Twelfth Avenue during "open He was so listless he made no retheir native tongue and to sing one house"it was evident that the insponse to anything. Yet one month or two of their Navajo songs. It was

stitution is a model of what a chillater he was playful and desired a thrilling sight to go to the hospital dren's hospital can and should be. attention. Today, at four years of and see the Indian children gathered

Certainly, the vision had been exeage, he is a wideeyed little boy who at this nurse's station; they watched

cuted into a reality; and the archiplays with a truck and other toys her and ventured a word or two to

tect, George Cannon Young, put his and is alert to everything about him. show their appreciation for her friendbest energy into the realization of this He can now stand alone and is able ship and love for them. She proudly

beautiful, well -executed plant. to feed himself. stated that the Indian children hold

The entrance hall bears Christ's inAt the present time there are six their mouths wide open in order to junction, "Suffer the little children Indian children in the hospital. Each take their medicine. "But,"she added

to come unto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven."The colors of

the room are soft and yet pronounced enough to be inviting to children, and a merry canary sings its gay song to interest them. Flowers and

some beautifully carved wooden storks that were sent as a gift to the hospital from South Africa serve further to enhance the room. The

wards of the hospital are also beauti- f!7 t

ful with colored transparencies that invite, and colors that please, as well as with the all -essential cleanliness.

Play and schoolrooms, a beautiful library, murals that entertain afford opportunities for development so essential in establishing mental health.

Statistics become at best lifeless, meaningless figures, but when they are translated into personal histories, vibrantthey accomplishbecome sessions Primary Two are conducted weekly—one for the youngerments. Let us consider a few of these children the older. one for and

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA toys was matched interest in Tony'sA variety of activities keep "out"patients occupied while they wait the doctors'attention. the camera. in interest by his only

as an after -thought, "all children are better than adults to take medicine."

One doctor responds especially to these Indian children. Like the nurse

he said that they are a humble yet proud people. One evening he went

to the ward where they were sitting.

He put on an Indian headdress and started to dance a bit. One of the

boys began to chant in his clear soprano voice. One after another the

rest joined in, to the doctor's delight.

The hospital has developed an interesting method to keep active the interest of the parents. They are:

asked to send pictures of the family occasionally, so that the young patient may see them and keep his interest active, too. In this way affection

grows in the hearts of all members (Continued on page 734) A doctor checks two tiny patients.

Children waiting in the "out"patient clinic for treatment.

OCTOBER 1952 717 Genealogy -

PUT ON

The angel departed, and Jesus was left alone to make that choice eternal.

"And being in agony he prayed more earnestly."His pain of body was

more than any man could endure and live. In his own words the Lord

himself has vividly described that awful anguish of his soul:

Which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit—and would that

Ishrink—might not drink that bitter cup and

Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and

I partook and finished my preparations unto the children of men. (D. & C. 19:1819.)

Victory came to Jesus Christ when he decided, "not my will, hut thine, he done."That was the decision

which made him the Savior and Redeemer of the world. As those glorious words are emblazoned on the

painting in our ward chapel as a constant reminder to us, so should they be engraved in the heart of every true Latterday Saint.

One Sunday morning when we came to the chapel, something had "Christ Stilling the Tempest."—Painting by Anker Lund Clix happened.ture had beenTheturnedlight behindoff. Wethe picsaw

nothing but a dull and darkened there appeared unto an angel him And Salt chapel in ward home my surface. gray beauty no There was strengthening heaven, him. from (Luke is City, stained a beautifulInLake discernible, helpful no inspiration, no Italics author's.) 22:4243.

glass representation of Christ in message coming from the painting.

ofthe a As garden Gethsemane. in darkness, All veiled darkand was told are that not holy what We it, light shinespowerful through we is to in helpful making one no it did; said well angel be ness and may great in Saviorsee the hour of an life. of crucial decisions the Yet we that that "accordhe reminded Jesusdecision. all of that elements that the knew to of great eternal the the ing plan

We behold him sorrowful unto God there must be an atonement masterpiece were there exactly as death, made for the sins of the world or before on the stained glass; but the

light and the power of had failed, all unavoidably must mankind suffereth for behold, pains else the he... the painting was gone. perish, except the inthrough it be livingof pains yea, the of every all men,

creature, children, both and men, women, finite sacrifice eternal and which to that are like our lives winHow to of the family belongwho Adam. 34:8- (See should be made."Alma of Children dow. chosen of God, resurrection this suffereth that the he And further imagine can 10.) We heritage, gosblessed that earthly the with 9:21- (II all passmight men. upon Nephi

22.) the angel strengthened the Lord by pel, privileged to bear the priesthood

saying: of God, to be a light to the whole

In supreme agony of body and world, we darken our lives through anguish of spirit he prayed: On thee alone man's fate depends, transgression or indolent negligence.

all. fate of beings The

fail, shalt not though thou art free No light shines through us, and the... Father, if thou be willing, remove Thou

this cup from me: nevertheless, not my will, Free, but too great to fall. (Orson F. Whitpower of our lives for good is gone.

but thine, be done. ney, Elias, Canto III, p. 20.) Centuries ago, a gifted prophet in

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

After telling him [our Father in heaven] of our predicament I asked him if he would be with us and honor the Holy Priesthood which he had given me. Reminding him

of the manner in which he heeded the plea of Elijah and sealed up the rain in the

I to years, begged three him for \ heavens skyThy Strength. zion the and let the clouds from withdraw

the stars and moon give forth their light by Archibald F. Bennett to our soldiers, so they would be able to

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY see the enemy and not be overcome by them. If he would only forgive my sins

and weaknesses on behalf of those men

I I asked this ancient Israel looked upon us living There is further great work to do. for whom I feared that night

today and beheld our weakness when Israel scattered over the earth must blessingof the HolythroughPriesthoodthe powerand inandthe authorityname of we might be strong and was troubled be taught the truths of the gospel Jesus Christ.

in his soul at what he saw. In and gathered to the appointed places. Within ten minutes my buddy joined me

prophetic fervor he cried out: Jerusalem and the Jews must be reto stand watch. As he did so, he said, "Did

stored to their former grandeur; the you notice how fast the clouds cleared out

the seen Awake, never just now? I've sky the awake, put on thy strength, O Lamanites must be redeemed and of

... religious Zion; a brightly. If I were so stars shine

Shake thyself from the dust;... loose flourish; and the ten tribes be restored man, I'd think this was one of those mirthyself from the bands of thy neck, O capto their former blessings. Not alone acles they talk about."

tive daughter of Zion. (Isaiah 52:1-2.) must we save Israel living today, we

must be saviors also to all the faithThe soldier in deep humility gave

That clarion call remained a dark ful of former dispensations who are thanks. He ended by saying, "Our

saying until in the days of the Prophet dependent upon us for their liberacasualties were very light that night."

Joseph Smith, a good brother intion exaltation. and has revelations in his The Lord quired: accomplish To as a place where a temple such a mighty misdefined

What is meant by the command in sion we must be divinely empowered his chosen children are endowed with

Isaiah, 52nd chapter, 1st verse, which and let the light of our life shine power from on high. Elder John A.

saith, strength, thy "put on O Zion?"And forth to all mankind. Jesus said: Widtsoe has said:

to? reference Isaiah people had what

... I am the light of the world: he that

The Prophet inquired of the Lord, followeth me shall not walk in darkness, And what is power? Knowledge made

and is intelligence; alive and life. shall light but of the have 8:12.) (John useful—that revelation the answer and was by

is power. Our in intelligence action—that

is is of light; which That he God given: and on based power us give power—a temples

light, receiveth that continueth and in God, and knowledge enlarged intelligence—

receiveth light; light more the and groweth reference those to had God He whom God's with quality of a high, from on power

brighter brighter until the perfect 1 and day. last call days, in the should should who power. own

* of to again bring the priesthood hold power opportunities superb furnish temples The if are purified you cleansed *And and from Israel; of the Zion, and 2 redemption and growth. spiritual for sin, shall ask ye whatsoever will in you the all is to strength put to her put on on

of results the under mighty grow it of shall the Jesus Men done. and be name she, priesthood, authority of the which

under strong grow it service; women this, shall But be given know you what temple reto also to Zion, has a right by lineage;

until in power; increases it; the community shall ask. ye C. 2930.) 50:24, (D. & lost. to (D. that turn power she had which

he ever influence than less has the devil & C. 113:7-8.)

is to truth opposition before. The Here is what may be considered an had

are engaged if the people smaller Isaiah well understood, as the example of such an answer to prayer relatively temple. 3 of the the ordinances actively in

Prophet Joseph understood, that Latand a manifestation of the power of

Those who give themselves with all their terday Saints, bearing the Holy the priesthood. might and main to this work receive help

Priesthood, are entrusted with a great I received a letter from Sergeant from the other side.... Whoever seeks to

world mission, (1) to establish Zion, Wallace W. Ames, serving in Korea. help those on the other side receives help

I can of life. affairs the in all in return Israel. stated he the line build It and redeem in an was up (2) to To one's for preparation better of no

station. medical advanced beautiful build Zion It was up must we wherever the office, in farm, the a thinklabor on

homes, noble places of worship, magdark and stormy night, just the kind it may be, than to spend a few hours in nificent temples, and splendid cities, the enemy loved to use for an attack, the temple, to partake of its influence and until Zion becomes the praise and and the soldiers had little equipment to give oneself unselfishly for the benefit glory of the whole earth. We must with them to care for the wounded. ofThethosethingswhoof thehavespiritgonearebeyondthe greatthethingsveil.

purge ourselves from all iniquity and As he stood guard, he thought in of life. Things material come and go,

live lives of purity and service, exdespair of how, if the attack came, they vanish, they are temporal; but things

celling in literature, art, and music, there would be many wounded men, spiritual live and endure and never fade,

Church in this strong end. men The suffering bleeding badly, and in scientific with never mechanical knowland

life. Help spiritual the live and kingdom

of possibility getting in all no edge, in useful them back manufactures, give side other as we the to us from comes that will embellish and bless and to proper care. He realized that the help to those who have passed beyond the

beautify, in the practice of good govenemy were drawing nearer by the veil.4

ernment, in wisdom and intelligence; second. Remembering that he was (Concluded on following page)

setting a pattern to the people of the a convert to the Church and had been The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine, world, so that their great ones will to the temple, to be endowed with 12:55.

come to Zion to learn wisdom, to teach "power from on high,"he prayed. JosephAThe UtahSmith—SeekerGenealogicalAfterandTruth,Historicalp. 245.Magazine,

to their own people. Concerning this he wrote: 12:51.*Ibid 22:104.

OCTOBER 1952 719 PIT ON THY STRENGTH, ZION!

(Concluded from preceding page) pie and do temple work once a week there family among us is so intimately of in the entire Church is hardly a man of the life dead, those his with illumine bound up who would He that of Saints but Latterday Christ Jesus our interso separate cannot that from intelligence power and wewith if his to wishes work plan find time he can

God, the power of the priesthood, accordingly.... If you get it into your ests. The best thing that can hapshould decide now to live worthy to heart and soul that this is one of the most pen to the living is to labor for their

enter the temple and serve there important things you as Latterday Saints dead. "Those Saints who neglect it

it. will find to That do, do you a way can peril salvaof so at the their own his life be oneregularly, do that may

is of all that lesson others I would the one is It that as principle tion."incredible a true as Yet, spiritual power.of like you. to impress (Power From upon On

it may seem, some hesitate to make High, pp. 2526.) one engages in temple and genethat momentous decision. alogical work, great and enduring inAnciently the symbol of a slave 2. No records of my dead available. terest comes. The secret of becoming

was a metal band clasped around the That statement is now entirely out interested is to become active.

neck. Slavery has been abolished of date. Multitudes of genealogists We might enumerate other bands

from among us, that is, bodily serviover the world have been raised up about our neck, but the sum of the tude, but there are also slaves of the to search out, publish, and otherwise whole matter is this, as stated by spirit. The poet Lowell truly said: make available the genealogies of President Grant, "the important thing

the desire."of is miracle Church members. The

dare not speak are slaves whoThey Savior gave us the guide to to gather The microfilming us has enabled the fallen weak. andFor the

They are slaves who will not choose one hundred million pages of original follow in making this important deHatred, scoffing and abuse, records from various states of the cision: "Father, not my will, but

Rather than in silence shrink Union and a dozen foreign lands. thine, be done."

needs they truth the mustFrom Smith was Prophet is still Joseph vigorThe going forward think. This work

dare slaves are not beThey who object a similar rule: "The by for guided are ously. Records at hand now right or three. with twoIn the

almost every person in the Church. with me,"he said, "is to obey God

Too many of us have permitted The Lord and the Church have done and teach others to obey God in just

Satan to fasten around our necks his their part well. The Lord expects what he tells us to do."(Teachings

bands of enslavement, thereby holdus to use the records he has provided. of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 332.)

ing us back with his chains from the 3. No money to expend for reThe Lord has made it very clear

greatest blessings. No wonder Isaiah search. The great cost of printed and that it is his wish and his commandcried out: "Loose thyself from the microfilmed records has been borne ment that we, too, become saviors,

bands of thy neck, O captive daughby people of the world and the to bring exaltation within the reach ter of Zion!"What are some of these Church. The one who diligently of all who are worthy. That should

badges of our captivity? seeks after his dead will find that his be all sufficient for us.

Here are some stock excuses of path is made easy and the cost of In the Book of Mormon we have a those who fail to attend the temples: seeking light. Moreover, every pershining example of how one should

is placed be- 1. Too busy, no time. Sister Susa son who can write can gather wondecide when the choice

Young Gates related to me that she derful records by the right type of fore him. Lehi told his sons it was

once asked her father how it would skilful correspondence, no matter "a commandment of the Lord"that ever be possible to accomplish the where he may live. Our families in they should go back to Jerusalem and

great amount of temple work that the Church today frequently are very endeavor to obtain the record of their must be done, if all are given a full large, and if these unite in organizagenealogy. Some of them murmured

opportunity for exaltation. He told tions that are active, small amounts and said it was a hard thing required

her there would be many inventions from individual members can yield of them. But the faithful son Nephi

of laborsaving devices, so that our large amounts in the total. said:

in performed duties could bedaily 4. work. Trainfor this No training things I will go which and do the... leaving us time, more anda short classes are being provided ing for hath by the the Lord I know commanded,

more time for temple work. The inGenealogical Society daily, three the Lord giveth no commandments untothat

ventions have come, and are still nights a week. Day classes are also the children of men, save he shall prepare

for that they a them may accomplish way divert simplycoming, but many rethe given. Several thousand have them. the he thing which commandeth channels, to other andtime gained to qualifying ceived certificates them (I 3:7.) Nephi

not for the purpose intended by the guide others. Brigham Young UniLord. versity has a home study course, May we all, every Latterday Saint,

The truth of the matter was well courses during Leadership Week, and pledge in our hearts that we will say expressed by President Heber J. regularly scheduled college courses. with the Savior: "Father, not my

Grant: A number of textbooks and guides in will, but thine, be done."May we

research are now printed and availsay, in the words of Joseph Smith:

I believe that if a person has a desire to do temple work he can find a way to do able for study. Whoever has the "My object is to obey God and teach

it.... I had felt for years that I did not thirst for genealogical knowledge may others to obey God in just what he

have the time to go to the temple, but satisfy that craving. tells me to do."May we say with

I to desire got from go, and finally the that 5. No interest in genealogy; spendthe courage of Nephi: "I will go and

in difficulty finding I no had have time on the time to go once a week.... I believe ing all time in working for the living. do the things which the Lord hath

that if I can find the time to go to the temThe interest and the future of every commanded."

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The CHISELER by Jay Carroll

After the first five yards of the race, Joe Kovac knew he was outclassed.

This was the sort of thing that control. He spoke evenly. "Maybe whirled to face Dial. "If you think drove a man wild. Joe kept comyou will be the boss in six months; there's something wrong with the

paring himself with Marvin Dial I don't know. But on this job we equipment, tell me—not the boss,"

and coming out second best. And pride ourselves on moving mercury he snapped.

worrying if in another year he'd even without punching holes in the flasks.""You're the man who's been here

have a job. Angrily he eyed the pool of quickthree years,"Dial snorted. "You're

Why had the Cinnabar Mining silver on the floor. the man who knows all the answers.

Company hired Dial in the first place? Dial smiled. "The trouble is,"he I can take care of myself without

Why, having hired him, did they asdeclared, "they didn't teach me how any help. You better do the same

sign him to work under Joe Kovac in to operate a forklift in college."if you can."

plant number two? Joe could have Dan Arthur walked into the colLater, Joe rehearsed the thing in

told them it didn't take a college edulection shed. His eyes flashed at once his mind. A man, through clumsication to wrestle flasks of mercury to the quicksilver on the floor, the ness, gouges a flask of mercury. The

from the collecting shed to a boxcar. gashed flask on the pallet alongfellow admits nothing. Instead, he

Dial, of course, claimed to have the side. His brows furrowed. "New calls attention to faulty equipment.

answer. It had the sound of logic. man?"Promptly the clumsiness is forgotten.

"The company needs new blood. So Joe opened his mouth, then It was, he considered, essentially

they handpicked a bunch of young snapped it shut as Dial chimed in, cheating. When you made a mistake,

college men. We're going to learn "I'm not as expert as Joe with a you admitted it and tried not to make

every angle of production."His eyes forklift. But the lift would handle the same mistake again. When you

were mocking. "In six months or so better if it wasn't low on hydraulic had bones to pick with another indi-

I'll be your boss, Joe."fluid. It would pay us to give our vidual, you picked them straight.

Clenching his fists till the nails handling equipment routine mainteNot Dial—he said one thing and

dug into the skin, Joe climbed onto nance once a month, Mr. Arthur."meant another. The man had no

the fork truck. Man and machine Dan grunted, and drew his lips to conscience.

became one. The pallet, with its a tight line. "Have the fork truck That afternoon Joe dragged himload of mercury flasks, was raised inspected, Joe. Let me know what self to the plant superintendent's ofand wheeled into the boxcar. you find out."fice. "Dial was right,"he said. "The

Only then was his temper under When the boss had gone, Joe {Continued on page 773)

OCTOBER 1952 721 mmff-'m.>mm mm

mSm'"":.:;.;:;:mmf; inthemselves,some casesweatheredthe walls ofaway.the geysersAnd

today the hardened cores of the water channels are left standing in these delicate cylindrical columns.

Burnett Hendryx guided us into this valley. We followed the slow

and tortuous path of the Mormon Pioneers to what was once Thorley's

Pasture. In all Southern Utah there

is neither stream nor oasis which does not bear the stamp of the Latterday Saint colonization. In the late

1860's, when following Indian braves during Chief Black Hawk's wars,

Mormon scouts saw from the rim of various plateaus inviting grazing lands far below. Some of the settlements which followed in the wake of

these Indian raids still survive. Others

have been abandoned; but no matter where the tourist penetrates, he

cannot help realizing that he is tracing the desertridden footsteps of the colonist. The cattlemen ignored the

sandstone formations for the sake of grass. We follow the paths of their

horses to satisfy our curiosity and love of the spectacular in nature.

After skirting the Bryce amphitheater on the north, we "slid"down the face of the plateau into the valley which is home to the towns of Tropic,

Cannonville, and Henrieville. At

Cannonville we struck out south-—Copyright by Philip W. Tompkins eastwardroad towardon thetheflat.stockmen'sHere we foundsandfeet spires the These rise nearly two above thousand lower valley. Some idea the "standing holes"—the cores of foreground. gained figure can be with the in the by contrasting them

solidified mineral water.

The gateway is guarded by a row of striking brown monoliths. We

tried to look in all directions at once, exclaiming over this column and that.SOUTHERN UTAHLand of Fantastic Shapes in Colored Stone wasFor eacha favorite.memberThoughof the widelyparty therescattered, several of these giant needles

by Claire Noall came into view from our parking place. Abandoning the station wagon,

Southern Utah's fairyland of sculp150 to 200 feet in height reach up we walked over the field. One ribbon

tured rock is anything but mofrom an elbow of the desert in graceof mauvecolored calcareous stone notonous. Nowhere in the world ful solitude. They are of various was framed by the V-shaped branches

can you find greater contrast in colors and compositions, and are so of a dead black juniper. Against a

closely related rock formations than uniquely different from anything else handsomely clouded sky, a chocolatein the littleknown areas of Kodain the whole plateau region, that even shaded needle was still wearing its sandstone coat. The spire lookedchrome Flat—or the land of "standgeologists are not entirely certain of

like a Spanish padre, frocked anding holes"—Cathedral Valley, and their origin. They dot the hillsides

the Lost Valley of the Goblins. like exclamation points against a girdled, who might have just wanEach formation is at the foot of a brightly baroque backdrop, twenty dered into the place—that is, within

giant terrace or reef that together mileo east of Bryce Canyon. the history of mankind.

help to make a grand, if somewhat Epochs ago vulcanism seems to Another column, having only parroughly outlined, stairway from the have produced some geysers whose tially lost its protective coat of sandmiddle of the state of Utah down to channels were eventually capped by stone, suggested a halfpeeled orange.

the Colorado River. sandstone. If so, the mineralized But why think of food? We had only

In Kodachrome Flat, the land of water in the channels gradually begun our expedition on foot. We

petrified holes, tongues of stone from solidified. Then the sandstone, and had yet to explore numerous shimmer -

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Karl F. Kunkel—Photograph by Karl F. Kunkel

One of numerous biblical forms rising over one thousand Winderoded monolith in Bryce in contrast to residual feet from the desert floor. 'holes"of Kodachrome Flat fifteen miles to the east.

ing bays as they receded between the On the valley floor, individual We left the land of "standing promontories of the terrace from shapes jutted into line, providing an holes"reluctantly. We had only bewhich this land was sculptured. axis of direction in one spot almost gun to glimpse the entrancing sight.

Finally, in the distance to the west, at right angles to another group of But we were now on our way to we framed through a nearby "V""soldiers"just a little farther on. Grosvenor Arch, a near neighbor.

of some dark juniper trunks, the enOur imaginations had free rein to Penetrating the desert still farther, chanting wall of Rainbow Point, at make what we would of any formawe rounded the rim of an abrupt

Bryce. We realized again that this tion. The columns and monoliths draw. Our eyes were open for the

land was cousin to that, though are unnamed. The whole area is natural bridge. It was not hard to

unique in its own way. curtained with junipers, framing find. It stood almost beside the road.

Near at hand we soon saw in the vistas for the camera at every turn. It is actually the terminal of a minor

wall of the terrace which forms the Back at the station wagon, where terrace. In tones of pale yellow and

wide backdrop for our columns, one we stopped for lunch, food was fordeep buff, it rises 300 feet from the particular recess which impressed us gotten. Before the first sandwich was desert floor and breaks into a double

all. The carved framework rose in tasted, every camera was aimed at a arch at the top. The two windows

translucent white, gray, and cream, marled tongue that sprang straight are of such unequal size that we with outer wings of pink and rose. up from the face of the mountain. called one of them the master's, the

In other bays, the shades merged The stone tongue seemingly attempts other the mistress's.

from oyster whites, gray, and cream, to dominate the entire scene. But On our return to the Paunsagunt

into salmon pinks and brilliant reds. around us we had seen other spires Plateau (into which Bryce Canyon is

At times, even the somber redbrown so lovely that nothing sinister could carved) we recrossed the Paria River.

and chocolate hues prevailed. possibly outmatch them. (Continued on page 758)

"Duckbilled Platypus,"Rosecolored petrified "standing a solidi- "Totem one of many hole."strange fied forms in geyser channel.Pole"—probably Goblin Valley.

—Photograph by Karl F. Kunkel—Photograph by Burnett Hendryx—Photograph by Burnett Hendryx

LOVE YOU MORE by Lucy Margaret Clapp

but it was hot! With an apron should go out and work in the garden. And no knowing when she'd have a

My,cornerthe sweatVinnierunningHolcombdownwipedher peskyShe couldn'tweeds. Marilynkeep aheadand Avisof thosewere grabchancetheathoethemand again.get busy.No, better

face. 'She glanced at the thermometer playing contentedly in their sandAs Vinnie started in on the long

fastened outside the kitchen window. pile under the big maple, and baby rows of bush limas, pride thrilled her

Eightysix in the shade. What a day Joey was asleep in his carriage in the for a brief moment. Mrs. Barnes, a

for canning! But she had made good comparatively cool bedroom. It was neighbor, had told her yesterday,

headway. The snap beans were in a fine chance to work outside. via party line, that she, Vinnie, sure

the jars now, the water bubbling in Avis came in, urgently needing athad a green thumb. Vinnie had depthe washboiler on the oil stove; she tention. The bathroom was a tiny recated the statement, but this afterhad only to put the jars in the rack, room, once a pantry, opening off the noon, appraising the sturdy plants so

and then they'd take care of themkitchen. "It'll do for the summer,"heavily laden with clustered pods, she

selves for the next three hours. Vinnie had declared blithely when admitted to herself it might be true,

Well, this awful steamy heat they first came here, carelessly scanthough a green thumb probably couldn't last much longer. Vinnie ning the faded, peeling paper, the meant that some people worked

looked at the calendar on the wall. cracked walls and ceilings, the harder than others. To be strictly

The tenth of August! Why, she chipped washbowl and toilet. "In honest, she reminded herself, this

thought, startled, this was our wedthe fall we'll do it over. Put in a garden was as much Joe's as hers.

ding day—seven years ago. She tub and shower, too,"she'd added It was he who had plowed, harrowed,

turned it over in her mind, recollectoptimistically. fertilized, and cultivated it. All she

ing. Whether the weather had been "Don't want the world with a gold had really done was plant and transhot or cool, she couldn't recall, but fence around it, do you?"Joe had plant, hoe, handweed, and gather

she still remembered the sweetness of responded, laughing a bit at Vinnie's the harvest. But all this labor was

Joe's kiss at the close of their marriage daydreams. "But fresh paint and paying off well. Some produce had

service. How could she, or Joe, paper will improve it a lot, anyway,"been sold for cash, some canned. Since

either, for that matter, have overhe'd encouraged. "And we can do early June they had practically lived

looked this date? They'd been so that ourselves on bad days."off the garden. Yes, it had been well

full of hope and ambition then; so Tending Avis now, Vinnie admired worth while, Vinnie told herself

sure they could manage life, not let that paint and paper job they'd done. firmly, leaning on the hoe a moment.

it manage them, like they'd seen hapBut the fixtures were still the old Two rows done. Her mind busied

pen to some of their friends. ones. Wouldn't it be grand to walk itself along with her hands. She

Yet, here they were now, on this up to Joe when he came in tonight, wished she had time to bake a cake rundown farm, working their heads and hand him a check, saying, "For for tonight—trim it up with frosting

off to buy it, because the doctor had the bathroom, Joe. Our anniversary and candles. But this garden work

ordered an outdoor life for Joe after present to ourselves."was really more important.

his long bout with tuberculosis at the She smiled at her wild imagining. She wondered how Joe was making

sanitarium. It was a good thing Joe Joe wasn't given to counting his out. He'd gone into town right after

liked farming, and the long hours out chickens before they were hatched, lunch to get parts for the hayrake in the sun and open air had done like she was, she reflected ruefully which had broken down. "Might as

wonders for him. But, oh, it was as she took Avis back to the sandpile. well kill two birds with one stone,"

terrible to be so harried, so hurried, How nice it was under that big he said, so they gathered together a so pressed with past debts, that you maple. Tke leaves were so thick the load of garden stuff to sell. How

completely forgot your own wedding sun just couldn't beat through. And they'd scrambled! She did hope Joe

anniversary. Only that chance glance a little rustling breeze was stirring could find the necessary parts.

at the calendar had saved her. Joe underneath it. How she'd love to August was flying so fast—in two or

had never forgotten it before, either. drop down in that wide shade and three weeks corncutting and siloWell, there was nothing to do about sleep and sleep. Supposing she did? filling would be upon them, to be

it now; she'd just remind Joe of it What then? Well, there was just followed by the thousandand-one

tonight—tell him she loved him as one answer. Those weeds out in the things which clamored for attention

much as ever. garden would keep on growing, before frost and cold weather.

The beans were boiling now. She thicker and tougher by the minute. For the next halfhour she amused

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA light so thatherself compiling a mental list of all but look what you got—a husband switched on the porch

the farm tools and equipment she'd poor as a church mouse, and three she might see. The red ribbon bindlike to surprise Joe with as an anniyoungsters to drive you ragged."ing the package was stenciled in

versary present. The deep rumble "No such thing,"Vinnie protested silver, "Corner Gifte Shop."It must

of thunder roused her from this. The stoutly. "The babies are darling, be something extra nice if Joe

sky was darkening fast. She ran to and so are you, Joe. Why, I wouldn't bought it there. The Corner Gifte

get the children under cover, also the swap you for the richest millionaire Shop catered to summer folk and chickens and turkeys. The baby was ever!"tourists. Vinnie herself had never

crying, but she couldn't stop to see "Bless you, Vinnie!"Joe's voice been inside, but she knew intuitively

to him. Oh, how she wished Joe was deep with feeling. "You'd be that it carried quality merchandise.

were here! To Vinnie, these thunder in the billionaire class if love alone "Open it,"Joe urged.

showers were the bugbear of the sumcould make you rich. But as it is,""Oh, Joe, I'm so excited! I haven't

to pick up a the remotest idea what it is."Hermer—harder to endure than heat and Joe reached behind him

work. package hidden under a carton on shining eyes, the color rising in her

of the girl again I her for cheeks, shelf, "this is all made have the wall she But managed somehow—and

felt watching, day. Joe, full love her wedding with it's crammed But long past rainthe before Joe you. was

came, the old truck rattling triumand kisses. So 'open your hands and his heart swell with pity and tenderdidn't to work I'll have she If only ness. give eyes, close your and you yard. found into thephantly He had "so much, he without wise.'so go hard; to you something make parts sold thethe necessary and

vegetables and eggs. "Oh, Joe, how wonderful!"Vinnie thought.

In high spirits he counted out the was taken by surprise. So he'd been "Oh,"Vinnie breathed. She had

coins and small bills, and Vinnie exkidding—he hadn't forgotten after the wrapping off the box now and

perienced the same feeling of elation all. was peeking inside. "Oh, Joe, it's

while putting the money away. Ten Eagerly she did as he asked, and adorable!"

dollars could be added to the farm then Joe reached out a long arm and {Continued on page 762) purchase fund—the remainder must

go towards the daily inevitable running expenses connected with a farm, home, and family.

The customary mad rush filled the late afternoon and evening. But

finally the last chore was done, the children asleep, and Joe and Vinnie, according to custom, repaired to the small side porch. They both loved

these few minutes of rest and relaxation and quiet talk salvaged from the end of the day. Sideby-side on the

settee, Joe's arms went around Vinnie's waist, and her head found a comfortable spot against his shoulder. Another long, full day was done;

these few intimate moments at its close were what gave value to life, made existence worth its daily struggle.

They sat in silence for a space, relaxing, resting. Vinnie spoke first.

"Know what day this is?"she inquired archly.

"Sure,"Joe replied. "August tenth."

"And doesn't August tenth mean anything special?"Vinnie hinted.

"August tenth?"Joe sounded puzzled. "Let's see. Oh, yes, the light

dawns. Didn't I once promise to

love, cherish, and honor a certain girl on that date?"

"What a memory!"Vinnie was

gently mocking. "But you're right.

still I as love you,And Joe—just 'Mrs. Barnes, told a neighbor, her had as ever."much yesterday, she, via party line that Vinnie,

"Me, too."Joe's voice was fervent. sure had a green thumb."

nie—the"I got thedearestbest of girlthat inbargain,the world,VinOCTOBER 1952 725

Temple, and he was anxious to do so before such an exodus should take place, so he and several others made the trip to Nauvoo in wagons in "As Unto The Bow..."January of 1846 and received their

endowments.

by Edith P. Christiansen Canute became aware that preparations for the great exodus were going

Part Two forward day and night. The Saints

were in feverish haste to complete preparations for leaving. Canute ofSYNOPSIS

fered his services for this westward

Peterson reluctantly As a lad, left his Canute beautiful, native to journey, but Brother Charles C. Rich. his parents with Norway

come to America and settle in La Salle County, who was acquainted with the condiIllinois. There, after his father had passed tion of Canute's mother, advised

his away, heard mother widowed he and the Canute to remain with her. elders gospel nearby from from coming Nauvoo

and were baptized. In their new Church activity Bidding farewell to the Saints in

true friends, they found fast and among whom Nauvoo, Canute and Gudman started

Kari Nelson, were of Cornelius Nelson, widow and her daughter, Sara Ann. home. Between Nauvoo and LeHarp,

a small Illinois town, mobs pursued them, but the Lord was with them,

Nine miles northeast of the city of their heads, they plunged into the curand they reached home safely.

Ottawa, Illinois, in this Norrent and, swimming and wading, sucIn the year of 1847, Canute hauled wegian settlement, there was a ceeded in crossing the river. freight with his team and wagon beflourishing branch of the Church, During the remainder of this year, tween Ottawa and Chicago. In the

numbering about one hundred Saints. Canute worked at odd jobs, and durfall of the year he traded his team to

They enjoyed such spiritual gifts as ing the fall, he ran a threshing maMr. Vermett for forty acres of land,

prophecy, healing, speaking in tonchine. later selling the land to buy an outgues, and interpretation of tongues. Many exciting, alarming, and unfit to go to Utah. In the year 1848

In October of the year 1 844, Canute pleasant rumors concerning the conhe worked in Ottawa for Dr. Howwent to Nauvoo to attend a conditions in Nauvoo were being spread. land, hauling lumber from a sawmill

ference. While there, he was orIt was said that the Saints would One day in June 1848, John Gabe,

dained a seventy by President Rockleave Nauvoo and go westward toCanute's friend, came riding into Otwood and the presidency of the tenth wards the Rocky Mountains. tawa to tell him his mother had just

quorum of seventies. Canute was very desirous of receivpassed away. Canute mounted his

During Canute's stay in Nauvoo he ing his endowments in the Nauvoo horse and rode home to LaSalle as worked on the construction of the temple. The following month Canute

and Gudman Hougas were chosen, set apart, and sent to Wisconsin on a mission to preach the gospel among the Norwegians in Muskego, Wisconsin. Here they met the Danielsons,

who joined the Church as did Lars

Heier, five of his sons and two of his daughters. A branch of the

Church was organized, over which

Brother Danielson was called to preside.

From Muskego, Canute and Gudman went to Koshkonong where they met their old friends, Bjorne Anderson (Kvelve), and several others. The

people were very indifferent, but several meetings were held nevertheless.

In the spring of 1845 the two returned home to LaSalle County. On

the way they had to cross the Fox

River, which was filled with floating ice and was very dangerous. There

was neither bridge nor ferry, so there was nothing else for them to do except wade and swim the icy stream.

Tying their clothes in bundles on Nauvoo in 1846, with the Nauvoo Temple in the background.

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Nauvoo the Beautiful"taken from an early steel engraving.

fast as the horse could go. He was was willing to make any and all sacmake camp until eight miles from

griefstricken at his mother's death. rifices for the Church. the city. Under the able direction

Sister Dahl, when he reached home, Just before she left, she went to the of Canute, who was already showing told him that his mother had been old willow tree, cut off some branches, unusual ability as an organizer and cheerful and bright to the end, and tenderly wrapped them in moss, leader, they camped on the banks of she had died peacefully without a paper, and cloth, in order to keep a beautiful stream.

struggle. them damp, so that she could plant The sun had just gone to rest,

Once again Canute felt the desothem when Utah was reached and leaving the last lingering warmth lation of losing a beloved parent. His the long journey was finished. with which it had bathed the earth

mother's death served to intensify his Hoping against bitter hope that all day. The birds in the trees

desire to go to Utah to be with the Sara Ann would weaken and return around the small rippling creek were

Saints there, so he gradually began to them, her mother sent a brother, chattering and singing, trying to add to make the necessary arrangements. Peter, to accompany Sara Ann along their last bit of beauty to the day.

Finally on April 18, 1849, a comthe journey for a hundred miles in Sara Ann, with a pail in her hand, pany of twentytwo Saints left LaSalle order that she would have someone sat down on the banks of the creek for the trip to Utah. In this comto return home with if she should a little way from the group and, takpany were Brother Gabe and his famchange her mind about going. After ing off her shoes and stockings, thrust

ily, Sister Dahl and her family, traveling with the company for more her tired feet into the cool water, then

Brother Shure Olson and his family, than a hundred miles and still findtaking down her braids she began and several young people among ing Sara Ann firm in her determinabrushing her long, glistening, chestwhom were Canute, Sara Ann Nelson, tion to go to Utah, Peter tearfully nutcolored hair. She was thus enand Chris Hayer. There were six bade his sister farewell and returned gaged when she heard a footstep

wagons in the company. home to LaSalle. close beside her. Looking up, she saw

When Sara Ann told her mother Canute rode with Peter back along Canute with a broad smile on his and family that she wanted to go to the trail a little way in order to have face. Startled, she took her feet out

, Utah with this company, it was an a farewell chat with him. Canute of the water and began to put on her

occasion for great sorrow in the Neltold Peter that he would look after stockings, embarrassed to be so seen, son household. Sara Ann was the Sara Ann and see that no harm befell especially by Canute, whom she greatonly one of the family who had joined her. Coming back, Canute rode by ly admired.

the Church. When it came to giving Sara Ann's wagon, chatted with her, "Don't move,"he remonstrated, "I

up her precious daughter to make and tried to cheer her up. In a short didn't mean to intrude, but when you

this long, dangerous journey to a new time she felt better as her unfailing stayed so long, I began to worry and country and with this extremely ungood humor manifested itself. came to see where you were. You

popular religious sect, her mother The company traveled along for make a very beautiful picture sitting could hardly bear it. She cried and about two hundred miles, finally comthere with your feet in the water and

pleaded with Sara Ann not to go. ing to the town of Burlington, Iowa, your lovely hair rippling in waves."

Yet, difficult as it was for this lovely which they found deserted. All of Sara Ann blushed, smiled up at

young girl to tear herself away from the streets and porches had been Canute, and replied that she had not her mother and family, the strength of strewn with fresh lime, and this, they been able to brush her hair for sevher faith and her testimony were learned, was because of a cholera epieral days, and she felt that it was more powerful than even her love demic the city had experienced. quite dusty from the traveling.

for her mother or herself. She felt The little company passed by as For a while they laughed and

that this was God's will, and she quickly as possible, not stopping to (Continued on page 751)

OCTOBER 1952 727 America's most famous laiv enforcement officer selects "The Bravest Man I Ever Knew"

SPECIAL AGENT

by J. Edgar Hoover went to college, he served as a misDIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU sionary for the Mormon Church.

OF INVESTIGATION Then he worked in summer months to put himself through Utah State with Ken Jones Agricultural College, at Logan, Utah.

Later, he worked during the day so degree, that in these United States he could get his law degree in a night truth has substance, and justice will course at the law school of the George not be denied. If the accomplishment Washington University, Washingof that mission requires that he surton, D.C. While attending college,

render his life, the agent will do so, he had sold knit goods for a Utah just as Sam Cowley did—and as a knitting mill—a job I'm afraid many

score of special agents have done be- a young college man of today would fore and since. consider beneath him. But Sam had

no false pride. There wasn't a pretentious bone in his body although

he was honestly ambitious.

after to us Cowley came Sam

I agent,WhenSamueltheParkinsonfinal challengeCowley came,faced forSoontraining as a special bedeath unflinchingly across the gan to get reports about him from his sights of a Thompson submachine superiors.

gun. Lester Gillis, alias "Baby Face""I feel that he has executive ability

Nelson, and his lieutenant, John Paul which will merit promotion,"wrote

Chase, ended Sam Cowley's career in one. "He voluntarily works too

a blaze of gunfire and a hail of hot hard,"reported another. "He has

lead. Gillis'career as a vicious madthe habit of consistently doing things

dog murderer ended at the same time right,"said a third. "Of unquestioned

in the pointblank gun duel, although loyalty"—"absolutely reliable"—"utboth men survived the immediate terly dependable"—this was the kind

scene. Inspector Cowley died within of comment I read in the record

hours at a nearby hospital. Gillis'when, in 1934, I congratulated Sam

bulletriddled body was found later Cowley on his elevation to the rank in a lonely roadside ditch where it of inspector.

had been dropped from an automo- "Find John Dillinger,"I told Sam.

bile. "Stay on him. Go anywhere the

I knew Sam Cowley well. When Samuel P. Cowley trail takes you, and capture him

I say he was the bravest man I have alive, if you can, but protect yourever known, it is not because he shot Sam Cowley's courage was beyond self."

it out with Nelson nor yet because he heroics. He was brave enough to be When Sam Cowley got those simple

directed the manhunt which trapped scrupulously honest in little things as orders, it was all over for Public another public enemy, John Dillinger. well as big things. He didn't accept Enemy Dillinger although of course

Many another special agent of the the easy way out by a halftruth, a he didn't know it. The hard work

Federal Bureau of Investigation would white lie, or a turned head. It is of the investigation being conducted

have acted precisely as Sam did in said of Sam by those who knew him by Sam's special squad was suddenly similar circumstances. Some people best that he never told a lie in his intensified when we received word

don't realize that when a special life. However that may be, I know that Dillinger was thinking of going

agent of the FBI faces a gangster and for a fact that he knew what was to a movie at one of two Chicago known killer, the agent is not just right and did what was right, regardtheaters the next night. The tip was

another man with a badge and a gun. less of provocation. That's the kind verified, and the vicinity of each theHe is a man with a badge, a gun, of courage that can carry a man ater was carefully scouted so that all

and a mission in which he believes. proudly from the cradle to the grave. avenues of escape might be covered

That mission is to prove to any who Life wasn't easy for Sam. Before he when the time came. Sam's work was

may doubt, be they of high or low *Reprinted by permission of Saga. {Concluded on page 732)

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i I \* nv yft tI lln aII nh, ftyrr rb Uf Usi Ia.*t 1c n1

Onug and safe the whole night through...

your little one will stay covered under a Cherobe

Contour, the crib blanket designed to remain in place without hampering the natural movements of a slumbering child.

Neatly zippered, mitered corners and a deep tuckin-flap keep Cherobe from being pulled or kicked out at the foot, while sturdy crib ties keep it in place and straight. These exclusive

Cherobe features insure the warmth and safety of your child, and save you endless midnight trips to the nursery making sure that all is well.

Cherobe Contour is a generous 42 inches wide,

CONTOUR CRIB BLANKET fits a sixyear-old crib to perfection... bound

At leading department and infants'stores everywhere, on three sides with rayon satin binding...90%

or order direct. ($10.95 postpaid.) wool and 10% nylon for extra life and

washability...five babysoft shades:

Little Boy Blue, Little Bo Pink, Snow White,

THE FINEST THINGS IN Merry Gold, and Aqua Princess.

WOOL ARE LOOMED BY.., Attractively boxed for giving.

fnfonfs* Division PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS, INC.

P. O. Box 2620, Portland 3, Oregon

OCTOBER 1952 729 FOR perfect, low cost <>\\<eX PUBLIC SEATING N TH E \

NEW SINCE 1900 of our day this book is the answer. The

rare knack of turning a AllMetal (Oscar Theodore Barck, Jr., Nelson author has a

rapierlike ability with words. Samson YorkManfredRevisedBlake.EditionMacmillan1952. 903Co., pages.New phraseown that is comparable to Churchill's

$6.50.) Churchill's life has been dramatic and

Folding 'T'his revised edition of "A History of colorful, and although we may not apthe United States in Our Times"prove all he does or says, we cannot will afford the serious student of history help being interested in the life he has a comprehensive picture of a country led and the activities in which he has that has become increasingly important participated. As much as any other

in world affairs. This edition includes person, he has shaped the history of

the outbreak of the Korean War toEngland through the period of his gether with the problems that this event participation on the political scene.

precipitated both in this country as well—M. C. J.

rest of as in the the world.

thoughtful book is a The presentation CANDLE(Elizabeth INHoward.THE WilliamNIGHT Morrow &

of events in past fiftytwo the which Co., New York. 1952. 223 pages. $2.50.)

States years the shaped United have policies and projected her into the world A delightful story from bygone days, picture.—M. C. /. this will prove delightful reading

for teenagers. The time was 1812, and

THE YOUNG GEORGE the place was Detroit. But Tamsen

DU MAURIER Bradford had a long trip overland and (A selection of his letters, 186067) a trip by boat across New York state be- (Edited by Daphne du Maurier. fore she reached Detroit. Her experiences

Similar to Doubleday & Co., Garden City, New on the trip and after she arrived will shown model

above York. 1952. 307 pages. $4.50.) fire the imagination of any reader.

""Phis series of letters revel the charTamsen's character will afford a worthy acter during young of a man the example to young women.—M. C. /.

*Also available with spring cushion or wood sixties, billetssofas plush and when seat.

rage. setting the the doux were While CITY BOY THE for Ideal that presto has from the changed day Co., Doubleday Wouk. (Herman & Schools Churches ent, interests are the young men's much City, York. pages. Garden 1952. 348 New Halls Meeting Lodges same, those deal with and them who $3.50.) hall or public any where seatwill affords find the insight book an for author does measure TThe in some is essential. ing comfort

into minds. men's young

city the boy Tarkington Booth what first Maurier George acclaim du won "Ar the and did for small Larger, Twain town Mark seat comfortable more for later his drawings, but he became is boy. Herbert hero, Strong to stand the Bookbinder on enough

for his Peter notably known k fat, little, a can't cut elevenyear-old Safety seat hero, fingers hinge whose Ibbetson and C. Trilby.—M.writings, J.

little for action love Noiseless folding compact, girl a led redheaded W easily stored SURVIVAL OF LEGENDS him into all kinds of dizzy adven- "fr Six smart decorator colors (Roselle Williams Crawford. The Naytures. It is a book that parents and

k Will not tip or fold when open lor Co., San Antonio, Texas. 1952. 94 teachers will do well to read for the in-

T Electrically welded steel tube legs pages. $2.00.) sight it will give them into the minds

proof, nonchalking *Chip enamel fin- 'TThe author's subtitle of this book inand mechanisms of little boys—and for parts ish on all metal

Specially arched tubular steel cross dicates the purpose for the study: the sheer enjoyment they will get from

braces for extra rigidity "Legends and Their Relation to History, the reading of this delightful novel.

* Electrically welded steel tube seat Literature and Life of the Southwest."—M. C. J.

Frame—no screws used throughout The Southwest includes Texas, OklaTHE MANY LIVES OF Steel furniture glides replacewith Kansas, homa, Nebraska, New Mexico,

feet able rubber newtype MODERN WOMAN Colorado, Arizona, CaliUtah, Nevada, (Sidonie M. Gruenberg cushioncomfort spring Padded, and Hilda S. seat

Concave, formfitting, upholstered fornia, and Mexiqp. As the author sugKrech. Doubleday & Co., Garden City,

back rest gests, this book may prove stimulating N. Y. 1952. 255 pages. $3.00.)

others further wish to do who metal parts rustproofed by "bonto w All reHThis is a thoughtprovoking book, that derizing process"this subject. search Certainly, the on

book affords interesting reading for resiwomen especially will do well to dents of this area.—M. C. /. readsions andthe readerponder. mayWhilereachthemayconcluvary

from those of the authors', the result ZCMI WINSTON CHURCHILL

SCHOOL and OFFICE (Robert Lewis Taylor. Doubleday & Co., will be that the reader will be stirred

City, N. Y. 1952. 433 pages. to Garden new understanding SUPPL

$4.50.) woman, 57 SO. STATE wife, mother—andof hermemberwork asof ST. SALT LAKE CITY

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 pOR some delightful, informational a widely developing community.

reading on one of the great figures—M. C. /.

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ft DEVOTED ENTIREL Y TO L D. S. LITERATURE

r

The Beehive Book Club offers you the opportunity to build a good Church library at substantial savings. Right from the

very beginning you can start saving by accepting two free introductory books when ordering your first selection. In

addition, you receive a Free Bonus Book with every fourth book you buy. Check over the list below... send your

membership coupon today!

ANY TWO OF THESE BOOKS

OLD TESTAMENT BIBLE

STORIES, by Emma Marr Petersen FREE THE SEVENTY'S COURSE by B. H. Roberts TO NEW MEMBERS by G. H. Roberts

BRIGHAM SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER

YOUNG COLONIZER, THE R. You are invited to accept any two of these fine volumes as by Milton

Hunter a gift of the Beehive Book Club... they are our special

GOSPEL introductory gift to you when you order your first book

THEMES, selection. You'll find them instructive, inspiring and stimby John A. ulating. They'll make an excellent addition to any library. Widtsoe

JOIN NOW! ENJOY THESE SPECIAL START YOUR MEMBERSHIP WITH

BEEHIVE BOOK CLUB PRIVILEGES THESE OUTSTANDING BOOKS

BOOK OF MORMON STORIES, for Young L.D.S.,

It costs you nothing to join this exclusive L.D.S. literature club. There L.D.S.by EmmaSCRIPTURES,Marr Petersenby Gilbert Charles Orme $4.50$3.00

ore no membership dues or fees. You pay only for the books you ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE,

Clark, Jr. $3.50 J. Reuben want at publisher's list price. You enroll for no fixed term... you by

THE CHRIST, JESUS by James E. Talmage.$3.00

may drop your membership at any time. JOSEPH SMITH, Seeker After Truth,

by John A. Widtsoe $3.50

Your choice of L.D.S. literature will be wide, and you'll enjoy the

advantage of receiving a brief but complete review of the best P.BEEHIVEO. Box BOOK151, SaltCLUBLake City, Utah

new Church books on or before their release to the general public. BookStoriesof Mormonfor P.LosO.AngelesBox 2271,54, TerminalCaliforniaAnnex,

Each month the club's editors review four books—two new books Young L.D.S CASH CO.D

and two previously published editions of major publishers of L.D.S. Scriptures Gentlemen: (Include State Tax)

L.D.S. literature. will absolutely Please These reviews free send comprehensive monthly two me

to be On the Way first checked books with below mythe Immortality and selectiongift indicated left them, mailed After reading the at with of an order form. to your home coupon. you

Life Eternal I is It that will understood receive a FREE selection return the order indicated. For form with for your Bonus each additional each Book sefour

lections I I also understand that additional selections four you buy, send you Jesus the Christ \Z, can a valuable drop membership we at any time. BONUS I mybuy.

BOOK FREE. Joseph Smith, NAME..

Seeker After Why not buy from the club the monthly selections you would buy Truth -a ADDRESS.

anyway? It's more convenient, it's quicker and it's money saving. CITY, ZONE, STATE.

I THE GIFT WANT: BOOKS TWO

Too, you'll get the books that you are most eager to own. Stories Bible Testament Old Seventy's [] The Course in Theology D

Gospel Themes Brigham the Colonizer Young

OCTOBER 1952 731 dramatic circumstances, Inspector

Special Agent NO ATTACHMENTS {Concluded from page 728) CowleyHollis approachedand Specialin Agentan FBIH. car,E.

done well. FBI agents, in cooperation bound for Lake Geneva. Coming sudwith the with members of the East Chicago, denly upon the running gun battle,

Indiana, police department, formed Cowley and Hollis immediately threw the cordon from which Dillinger their own car into a tight turn and ANKER could not escape. As the infamous rounded in behind Gillis.

this was enough for ZIGZAG public enemy walked from the A little of

Biograph Theater in Chicago on the Gillis, who swung his car off the night of July 22, 1934, FBI agents Northwest Highway and into a side began to close in. Dillinger reached road at Barrington, Illinois. Screeching

for his automatic in a futile effort brakes brought the FBI car to a stop to escape, and the agents opened fire. about two hundred yards beyond the

One gunman was finished. side road into which Gillis had

A few months before, in April, turned and stopped his failing car.

Lester Gillis, alias "Baby Face"NelSam had a machine gun, and Hollis

Incredibly versatile, yet son, had shot and killed Special had a shotgun. They came out ready

it's the smoothest, easiest Agent, W. Carter Baum. The gunto shoot but holding their fire until

of their targets. sure they dead were his signed man actually own death sewing machine you ever preextraordinary take agents Special warrant because blood in Baum's Sam

saw. Just touch the builtCowley immediately set about the cautions to avoid the possibility of

in STITCH-O-METER and job of running the gangster to earth wounding innocent citizens. Gangdo: and removing him from a peaceful sters, of course, have no such comsociety. punction. Gillis and Chase took proZIGZAGGING BUTTONHOLES It took Inspector Cowley about six tection behind the stalled car and, as

BUTTONMONO- months to corner his quarry in the Helen Gillis, the gangster's wife,

SEWING GRAMING vicinity of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. flung herself into a ditch, the pair

SEWS agents. WITH at the blasted Both away first to actually of Sam's The men BLINDONE OR TWO Hollis went and down under Cowley Gillis contact STITCHING with were two make NEEDLES

killed bullets. Hollis hail of was special pulled off anthe agents he had

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY mortally instantly, was and Cowley investigation in other the Chicago and Wonderful Straight area. The nature of this investigation wounded. Both men managed to

Sewing... was such that the men were driving empty their guns as they fell, and

effect. bullets However, took an inconspicuous 1928 their car—a Guaranteed a Lifetime able Gillis companions were and his model were armed Ford coupe—andold

only with their service revolvers. to get into the FBI car, and the

Thus lightly armed, and while trio raced away.

driving north on the Northwest HighThe next day the body of Gillis, way near Fox River Grove, Illinois, torn by seventeen bullet wounds, was the agents met another car speeding found in a roadside ditch near a in the opposite direction. Gillis was cemetery in Niles Center, Illinois

at the wheel, his wife was beside him, grim proof of the accuracy of Sam and John Paul Chase, a confederate, Cowley's marksmanship. Helen Gillis

was in the back seat. Their suspiwas taken into custody two days

cions aroused, the agents turned their later, and Chase was picked up the car in the road to follow the bandits, following month.

whereupon Gillis executed a full turn The body of Sam Cowley lay in

Full Selection of Fine which placed his car behind the state in the rotunda of the State

Cabinets and Desks Ford coupe. From that position, as Capitol at Salt Lake City, Utah,

the cars sped down the highway, where a guard of honor kept silent

LIBERAL TRADEIN Chase opened fire on the special vigil as throngs of friends and apagents with a highpowered automatic preciative citizens paid homage to a

For and Address the Name his life of in defense gave man who seat back from the shooting local of dealer, your phone rifle, justice. officials truth and Many of car the through the windshield... or write

in which he rode. The agents tried joined in paying tribute with moving

WILLIAMS butto returnfoundthisthemfireineffectivewith their underrevolvers,the valedictorieshis funeral wasto heldSamin Cowleythe Latterdaywhen

Hall, Assembly Temple on they stepped circumstances. So on Saints'Dist. Co. Sewing Machine

of Square. tribute the But I believe the However, away. gas and drew City, Utah 808 So. State Salt Lake

Phone 9-5512 one of their lucky shots had pierced his sister, Laura, was most appropricar, the causing radiator of bandit Dealers franchises available. the

to it eventually slow up. overheat and ate.lived—courageousShe said, "Samanddieddeterminedjust as heto

Special discount to Looking for Gillis, but hardly exdo what was right."

Church Organizations pecting to find him under such I can only add a fervent amen!

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY JAMES TAYLOR A revolutionary idea in broadcastpanies, alcoholic beverages, tobacco When he got off the air, he reing, wherein housewives have a sayproducts, private label groceries, and ceived a call from a listener who so about commercials, is a part of a accounts stressing credit will not be wanted to buy one of the cars. Paul

new program which started recently accepted for advertising by the asked him if he had ever seen one on KSL Radio. It is called the HouseHousewives'Protective League. of the cars and the man said, "No,

wives'Protective League... and Here's why: but I want one anyway."

features me, James Taylor. Unique feature of the Housewives'"How do you know you do if

You see, the reason MountainProtective League is its Testing you've never seen one?"my friend

West housewives have their sayso Bureau—a group of volunteer local asked.

about the commercials on my two housewives who test and approve "You said it was a good car and shows is simply this: KSL Radio every product advertised on the prothat's good enough for me. Will you

and I believe in complete honesty. grams. Unless the housewives in the have one ready for me by this afterAs long as we are guests in your Testing Bureau approve of the prodnoon?"

home, we are not going to give you uct, its advertising claims, and the Well, Paul West was flabber- a lot of malarky about a product sale price, it cannot be mentioned by gasted. But he called the automothat isn't worth its salt. me on the Housewives'Protective bile company and told them what

League programs. had happened and asked them to Working for a radio station which

does not have such high standards A friend of mine, Paul West, who have the car ready.

presents problems for conscientious directs a Housewives'Protective That afternoon a man walked into announcers. Put yourself in the League show in San Francisco, has the showroom, asked for his carshoes of an announcer who has been built himself a tremendous followthat Paul West had ordered for him,

given a proprietary drug commercial ing in the City by the Golden Gate wrote them out a check, and drove to read—you don't know that the because of his complete honesty with away.

medicine will do any harm, but you his listeners. When Paul West tells

are not too sure that it will do any his listeners about a product, they Now I can't say that that sort of good, either. know that they are hearing the truth thing will happen here, but it is

In fact, in your own mind you and that they can buy with confithe sort of confidence and honesty think it would be a waste of money dence. you will learn to expect on the Houseto buy even the small economy size This might sound like a Ripley to wives'Protective League programs

package, so your conscience takes a you, but here's a little story about on KSL Radio.

beating every time you read the Paul West that's absolutely true. We will present for your approval

commercial. two shows daily Monday through

tellseveral days had he For been first call Saturday. the one We Protective the Housewives'On listeners his foreigning a about

I visit Salute""Sunrise with because you'll never hear programLeague it didn't automobile—he blow make in 6:15 to the morning. 5:30 from you for just give a commercialme all sorts real of big and the up make Protective Housewives'League My ofsake money. making me; Not just car. for the claims fabulous He to to 4:45 comes you from shownot Radio. on KSL facts to earth gave what on down in the afternoon. 5: 15

The advertising of proprietary the car would—and what it wouldn't

drugs, certain cosmetics, loan com-—do. Be listening for me, won't you?

ADVERTISEMENT OCTOBER 1952 733 "... of Such Is the Kingdom

of Heaven"

(Continued from page 717) of the family, even though they are separated. It was an experience

women—mother,to see a picture grandmother,of three Navajoand

aunt in their native costumes—which

had been sent one of the patients.

One little Indian boy, Robert, recently sent to the nurses in the hospital a picture taken of himself back home again, adjusting to his renewed life there, and fully accepted by the tribe because his peculiarity had been cared for.

A little girl, Marlina, came to the hospital from her home town in California, where following an operation, she went into shock, and surgery could not be completed. She was

admitted to the Primary Children's

Hospital on June 6, 1952, at two and one half months of age. The doctors

operated, cutting along the former incision. They found that her small

and large intestines, her spleen, and her stomach were all crowded into her chest cavity. The doctors gently

reduced these organs into their proper position and tested her left lung, which was small. Finding that it

would hold air, though it was hypospastic, they placed two rubber catheters in it and closed the incision with the finest silk thread obtainable. In August, three months after

the operation, the doctors spoke of her as the wonder baby. She weighed

eight pounds and was demanding attention. To be sure, she received it,

too, for no one could resist her beautiful black eyes and the long black hair that was tied out of her eyes with a gay ribbon.

It is surprising to learn that 184 stakes and ten missions have had small patients benefit from the services of the children's hospital. And

it is likewise significant to know that many non Latterday Saints have been treated there. During the war

a little Japanese boy came into the hospital. His spirit has been dulled

until he was evasive with the nurses

Protect your priceless eyes with a and would not tell them anything.

complete, accurate eye examination by One day he asked to go to Primary, the registered optometrist at Standard Optical. which is held weekly at the hospital

again. NOTHING DOWN, $1 A WEEK asterestedis Sundayand School.went againHe becameand inFinally, he asked that he be peractivities the into enter to mitted

the that be given he asked and even Standard- (Q?A# (>ac.

MODERN DFFICEB THRDUGHDUT THE WEST opportunity to pray. This spiritual

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GREATEST BIBLE NEWS IN 341 YEARS Announcing a new version—

more accurate and easier to read—that preserves the

timeless beauty of the beloved

King James translation

Read the story behind the Revised

Standard Version of the Bible—and how it can change your life

Your present Bible, most likely, is the King on the Isaiah Scroll—a nearly complete text

James Version... written 341 years ago, dating from about the time of Christ.) We

and filled with expressions that are confusnow know that the King James Version is WHY RELIGIOUS ing today. Too often, therefore, it may lie in at times erroneous and misleading. LEADERS PREFER

your home respected, but neglected. The Revised Standard Version is based THE RSV

everyone seeking "For mind, peace authoritative the manuscripts most of living lanon a Bible in can you own Now victory over solution fear, and a ofperearlier than any previously some will turn powerful so clear you guage, and social known. sonal this version problems, and

will be practical help."a Bible, faithful to it regularly... yet for the Family A Bible Peale. Vincent Norman of—Dr.great manuscripts. to the earliest known Already That Has

.. light the a Bible "In knowledge ofnew

Ninetyone Bible scholars cooperated in If you have too seldom opened your Bible fies the eternal message of the Word. clariof

in language."God the recover labor to fourteenyear-long the it is written the because it hard makes way SherriH. Henry modern—Bishop Knox preserved full Bible. the They of meaning understand, to the Revised Standard

Revised Standard Version Ver- "The of Version, the but beauty of James the King exciting bring sion experience. can an new the Bible the sense in a real is now

freed the Bible from outdated expressions Here is a Bible so enjoyable you'll find authorized translation for our Proteschurches. It combines dignity and (Did understand. it hard to that make pick it as often. Its clear, you you up twice style simple tantelevation with scrupulous acof that James for instance, in the King know, Biblereading.. language makes. clear, a rewarding curacy understandable, true

Bible "by and by"means immediately? That pleasure your whole family will want to to the original text. Every Christian

a man's "conversation"means his conduct?) share. And as it strengthens your undershould—Dr.possessHarry'Emersonthis translation."Fosdick.

In the 341 years since the King James standing of God's Word, it will bring reVersion, dramatic discoveries of ancient newed inspiration to you and to those you Even the way it's printed makes the manuscripts have shed new light on the love. Indeed, this new Revised Standard Revisedread! TheStandardlarge legibleVersiontype haseasierplentyto

Scriptures. (In a longforgotten cave near the Version of the Bible can literally change of white space between the lines.

Dead Sea, for example, shepherds chanced your life, bring you greater peace of mind. Chapter numbers are large, for convenient reference; verse numbers are

small and light, so they do not interrupt the flow of reading. Punctuation is modern, logical. Poetry is printSee How Modern Language Makes The Meaning Clear ed in verse form—as poetry should be.

King James Version Revised Standard Version Choose from three handsome ediICor. seek Let his own, but every no one Let no man seek his own good, but tionsstamped..in. 23karatRich maroongold, $6.00.buckram

the wealth. his neighbor. another's of good 10:24 man

Magnificent black genuine leather

Psalms of the dawning I prevented in 23karat stamped red gold, with the I rise before and cry for help; dawn

edges gold under and ribbon cried: marker; in thy I hoped and 119:147 morning, I in thy words. hope

word. individually boxed, $10.00.

Twovolume Old Testament in rich

New Testament to match, $2.50. THOMAYS IX/BlELSON & SONS blue cloth, $5.00 the set. Onevolume

GET YOUR FIRST EDITION OCTOBER 1952 735...

"... of Such Is the Kingdom ITS EASY TO INSTALL

FOR HOMES.. of Heaven"

(Continued from page 734) BUSINESSES.. development occurs along with the

remedial care. In the evening the

INSTITUTIONS.. children gather for their prayer. Each

child takes a turn in praying. One

evening a lad was asked whether he would like to lead in the prayer. He

It's distinctive, beautiful, said that he had never prayed and convenient, and so easy to could not. One of the other boys

install! operate, to easy

It's the sensational spoke up, saying that he would help.

new FolDoor, the He said that he himself had not folding door with prayed until he had come to the the cornice top hospital. The prayers are as indithat divides your vidual and different as are the chillarger rooms into

two rooms. Use to dren who offer them.

Some years ago a little girl came divide offices—to

separate Sunday to the hospital with club feet. They

School rooms from were operated on, and corrected to meeting areas. a large extent; in gratitude she decided that she herself wanted to become a nurse. In spite of the difficulty that she experienced in walking

and standing on her feet, she achieved LAUREN BURT, Inc her goal and returned to her beloved 557 South 3rd West Salt Lake City Primary hospital as a nurse to do in turn for some other children what had been done for her. After serving for several years, she married and

BURT, LAUREN 557 South 3rd WestInc. is today the mother of four beautiful

Salt Lake City, Utah children.

FolDoor. Please send me without cost or obligation of any kind more information about A lad came in with a bad hunchNAME back. Operations straightened it. ToADDRESS day he is a doctor. Another boy

CITY ZONE... STATE came in whose legs while he was in

the hospital were so weak that they would hardly bear his weight. Later,

in the armed forces, he wrote to get his medical report. He was assigned

to the paratroop division and made

Still time to register for an enviable record for himself.

Suzanne, a little girl from Mesa,

Arizona, is the only known case where anyone has survived with the kind FALL TERM of brain tumor she had. Today she

At L.D.S. Business College Branch is alive and well, ready to take her

of Brigham Young University normal place in her community.

The children have come from Can- "KNOW YOUR RELIGION"ada,all pointsMexico,of theHawaii,Unitedas States.well as fromAnd

A series of lectures featuring these lecturers: from whatever state or mission they

they fit in well the other with Rich program of training in Dr. Sidney B. Sperry Roy W. Doxey come,

General Office, Stenographic, children. Florida, California, From

Secretarial, and Accounting Cleon Skousen Alma P. Burton Idaho, New York, Illinois, they have fields. Excellent course in ofof fice children these the whom credit machines, including IBM College can be arranged. Write for come,

key punch. "... is Savior said, the kingof such Free folder subjects on and dates.

dom of heaven."With their problems Write for FREE folder

they have become treasured spirits to the doctors, nurses, and aides at the hospital.

Great as is this remedial work, it

Branch of Brigham Young University still is not the greatest factor of the 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY (Continued on page 738) 736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You still buv

gasoline at 1925 prices

If you were to take a sentimental journey back into the midtwenties by thumbing through a stack of old magazines, you'd find the page below in the Saturday Evening Post issue of July 4, 1925. Remember the squaretopped cars of those days... with their flat windshields, wide running

boards, big wooden steering wheels and soft tops?

Remember the prices? Things were a lot cheaper this record. It was made possible by two things: intense

than they are now when almost everything you buy is 'way competition among oil companies and a steadily increasing up in price... except gasoline. <$ Actually, gasoline costs efficiency of production. <I In the last five years alone,

almost exactly the same today—aside from taxes—as it did Standard has put more than $644,000,000 into facilities

when the beauty above was an exciting new automobile. and another $35,000,000 into technical service and research.

*I And it's far better gasoline, too. Two gallons today do the This investment helps us make certain that gasoline conwork that required three in 1925. <J Few industries can match tinues to be one of the best buys in your family budget.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1952 737 "... of Such Is the Kingdom

of Heaven"* (Continued from page 736) hospital. The greatest factor is the

tremendous development that has come to those who have assisted in making this dream a reality. Young

people throughout the Church who have heard of the hospital have originated ways to obtain money that they might make their contributions to this cause. In one stake a group

of children learned that milkweed fluff had market value. They organized on their own, gathered it, and

sold it; they then sent the proceeds

to the hospital.

In Idaho a boy whose brother had been helped in the hospital wished to make a contribution. He wrote

away to get greeting cards that he might sell them and send the proceeds to show his gratitude. When

people learned the purpose for which he was working so hard, they bought most generously, and he was able to send thirtyfive dollars as his contribution. Primary boys and girls

have organized circuses and shows to raise money. On their own birthdays,

many children, instead of asking for delicious -rich grain Postum's flavor—its presents for themselves, have asked

rich tells you aroma Postum belongswhenever the family gets together. So why that they be permitted to give somenot get instant postum today? Easy to thing to the Primary Children's

make—right in the cup! Hospital. In a ward recently a teacher

had made a replica of the hospital.

it cleverly, so that when PostumEf*EAL BEVERA&S Wonderful hearty flavor! She arranged

the children dropped their birthday pennies into it, a light flashed on. The

Contains no caffein lasting effect of this thoughtfulness or any other drug! of others can be measured in terms of

the Savior's admonition, "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you."A PRODUCT OF What is the most amazing fact of

GENERAL FOODS all, perhaps, is that the hospital could not survive long if it were not for these small gifts. The large gifts,,

great as some of them have been,, could not sustain the hospital. The

of the survival of the surety Ever think what would happen if only lies in Hospital Children's Primary the countless, little gifts which have fire were to lay waste your home, been made by ward and stake memSee the friendly Agent of the bers. In any report of the hospital

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. sacrificeone mustofrecallthe thousandswith poignancyof leadersthe

in your locality. He will he glad to help you check your who each February make their visits,

policies. to the homes in their areas in order

Or see... to collect "birthday pennies"from the.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. families.knees, or Inin snowsandthatanddriftssun,to thesetheir

General Agents Lake City. leaders make their calls, thus enabling Main -Salt 20 South

(Continued on page 740) 738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hint for aHjcurtLELorn.fhe original

AUTOMATIC CLOTHES DRYER

y/y.'t, the finest. thejastest NOW MORE

WONDERFUL THAN EVER* New HiPower Exhaust System—eliminates lint

and moisture problems.

Exclusive HAMILTON LintControl—twice as

efficient, easier than ever to clean

Fluffdries the laundry fast as you wash it... in

the best drying weather ever made! Fastest dryer on

the market—and safe for even your fine wool blankets.

No harsh forcedair drying! Patented "Carrier

Current"drying floats clothes gently through warm, clean air.

Exclusive SUN-E-DAY Lamp sanitizes and gives clothes "outdoor"freshness JTOtt... NO WORK FOR YOU I

NO STOOPING, STRETCHING, HEAVY LIFTING I Why waif another day for your HAMILTON?

NO FROZEN CLOTHES OR FINGERS! BRING YOUR HUSBAND IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION.

SEE YOUR LOCAL HAMILTON CLOTHES DRYER DEALER LISTED BELOW

PETERSON ElECTRICAl APPLIANCE CO MONTROSE'S 33 Federal Avenue, Logan 31 West 1st South, Salt Lake CityPhone 5-7585 PECKHAM'S FURNITURE CO 816 Bannock, Boise, Idaho

FURNITURE APPLIANCE BROWN'S CO AND 1st APPLIANCE East 32 North, UTAH Provo, Utah COMPANY Falls, Idaho Idaho North, 1275 Hiway

Street, TAYLOR'S Provo, Center DEPARTMENT STORE West a CO. EQUIPMENT LAUNDRY Utah HOME AND

J. Kiesel, Pocatello, G. READ 24th Center, Idaho East Ogden, and Utah 429 AND BROS. CO

Distributed by DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC.

142 SOUTH 5TH WEST - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER 1952 739 "... OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN "

(Continued from page 738) end that the small patients may, to the hospital to continue its work of the greatest possible degree, experiDaignes mercy and love. ence all the opportunities that are 'WUwic Co-.

From some of the wards has come normally due youth.

clothing; fruit has been sent from One little girl recently celebrated

others; toys from others. These small her birthday in the hospital. Several

gifts from big hearts have swelled dresses were shown her, so that she the supplies with the result that might choose the one she desired everyone who comes may be cared especially for her very own. This

for and given a sense of importance. gave her a sense of being permitted

Doctors, Red Cross Gray Ladies, to shop for something she wanted the American Legion Auxiliary, and rather than to take something that many other volunteer workers give was offered her. It was probably

generously of their service—to the (Continued on page 742) PRICED AT 51795.00

Two larger models available at equally low priceiM

earh 9) 1 Jflddcen in Jheir m Richard L. Evans

%>/ "Nost of the men and women who move about us from day OFFERS YOU

MORE ORGAN FOR 14 share toof daytroubleare andcarryingdisappointmenthidden withinand sorrowtheir heartsof one theirkind

THE MONEY %(6 or another, and we, with unseeing eyes, often walk roughshod over them, not knowing their cares, not understanding offers Connsonata The you more % their burdens. So often we misjudge those whose situation in authentic quality tone organ

(4 rein even smooth,... more circumstances not Those meet know. and we we do whom

. sponse ease of playing and patronize, those 14 in places in the and an we impersonal way in dignity more beauty.of. and

style design. whom we pass in all the crowded ways and walks of life

Model Connsonata The 2E feamay seem at times to be far from us, to be sullen, preoccupied, tures 61 two full, -note manuals, inbuilt speakers and an 18note impolite, or inattentive to our wants and wishes. And we,

pedalboard, all designed to prowith our absence of understanding, may ignore their heavy true duce organ music unequalhearts, their troubled thoughts, their sorrows, their pressing the electronic ed in world organ today. problems, and the weight of their worries. Every man's

COME IN OR PHONE 9-7633 burdens are important to him. Every man's worries affect

FOR FRIENDLY DEMONSTRATION his ways and his work. No man is a mere machine. And yet

AT NO OBLIGATION. sometimes it seems that we expect the same kind of mechanical

constancy from a man that we do from a machine. If we want

Paynes Music Co. ft the answer to why people are as they are and why they do

what they sometimes do, we shall need to know more about what is weighing on their thoughts or what is hidden in their TTT hearts. A quarrel, an illness at home, worry about a wayward

4547 South Main, Salt Lake youngster, a personal disappointment, apprehension about 145 North University, Provo an ailment, anxiety about money matters, friction, frustration—all can and do alter the attitudes and efficiency and

outlook and actions of all of us. And if the men we meet,

the people we patronize, those who serve us and those with whom we associate, and those whom we casually see in

SAVE Your Eras public and other places—if they aren't always as it seems

to us they should be, there may be some real reason that

Each Month we would readily understand if we only knew enough. At

Here's a strong, convenient least it would be wise and well to withhold judgment and binder, attractive enough for to apply patience and to refrain from unkind comment where any library and sturdy we are not sufficiently informed—-where we are somewhat

enough to use as a permashort of understanding as to the thoughts and hearts and nent binder. For immediate feelings of our fellows.

delivery.?>

Spoken lA/ofd from temple square

Postpaid PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING U. S. or Canada $200 SYSTEM, JULY 27, 1952

Copyright, 1952

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dear Roger:

We have yours of the year 1267 in front of us, and Here are the figures for an ordinary size lamp:

we have good news for you.

Light Output Remember how you predicted the "everburning Date List Price (lumens) lamp"? And spent a little jail time for this and

other such sorcerer's ideas? 1880 $1.00 170

Well, you were right after all. A man named 1914.45 552

Edison along about 1879 made a lamp that burned day and night and didn't need any oil, either. 1929.22 690

Only trouble was, the lamp was an expensive 1952.14 (plus tax) 835

thing, and power facilities were limited. Few people had money enough to buy lamps. Even three

years after the invention, there were only 59 See how the light increases and the price goes customers. down? That took some doing, Roger, more espeThose days, a man would have had to dig in his cially nowadays when everything a man buys seems

to cost more, not less. pocket for $5 to pay for light a fellow now takes

home for 15. This lamp thing is about thirty times We're still "inventing the lamp"at General

as cheap today. Electric. Lamps and a few thousand other things

A group of men with scientific, questing minds that would have delighted you.

like yours, Roger, got together, calling themselves Nobody can read in advance the pages of to- "General Electric,"and after a few years'work and morrow's newspaper, or next year's. But we believe

much money spent, had your lamp so millions of this. Research and engineering will continue to

people could afford it. make life easier for more people.

oa can tot/ Moot am/me?ice in,

GENERAL ELECTRIC OCTOBER 1952 741 "... OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN

(Continued from page 740) Hospital "out"clinic as long as they cial pair of shoes that the doctor had the closest that she had come to are under care of the Relief Society recommended and a pair of slacks.

shopping. ChildWelfare Department. This aided him in developing selfIt is interesting to know, incidentalArrangements still continue with reliance.

ly, that the children are dressed each the LDS Hospital for operations, but The normalcy of the hospital is day. Even though some of them even so the children return for conconducive to the wellbeing of the

must remain in bed, they are given valesence to the Primary Children's young patients. One doctor, whose

the privilege of "dressing up,"in Hospital. One girl, for instance, had heart is full to overflowing with the

order to help them feel their best. a serious heart condition; she was in work, said, "You don't shed any tears

When one goes over the list of the children's hospital until the time in the hospital. The children are as

ailments admitted to the hospital, of the operation when she was taken happy and gay as they can be."He

chorea (St. Vitus'dance), multiple to the LDS Hospital, she then rethen proceeded to tell of a youngfractures, brain abscesses, burn cases, turned to the Primary Children's ster who had suffered such terrific

plastic surgery, rheumatic fever, eye, Hospital for convalescence. burns that one leg had to be ampuear, nose and throat ailments, spastic One of the exceptional features, tated. Recently the doctor went inparalysis, rickets, tetanus, cleft palate, among many exceptional features of to the ward to find the youngster

harelip, mulnutrition, and countless the hospital, is the occupational jumping up and down on his one others, one gains a genuine admiratherapy that goes forward. One lad good leg. One of the nurses said

tion for the medical staff of fortywho came in had been reared with that the lad can get around on the seven members and a large number sheepherders, and his language was floor of the hospital with his crutches of graduate nurses, nurse's aides, and that of the sheepfold. He took hold about as fast as any of the other chilvolunteer workers, whose painstaking of the activities and learned to make dren can with two good legs. And

care and treatment assists these belts and purses. He was surprised he's a happy child!

youngsters in their adjustments. to learn that he could earn money by It is a great story—that of the

Children and babies receiving this activity. After he was released Primary Children's Hospital—one

foster care services through the Refrom the hospital, he came back as that cannot be told in its entirety, for lief Society Social Service and Childan "out"patient for a period of time. it passes the credulity of man. On

Welfare Department, receive medical Within two months he had earned holidays the patients behave as aid through the Primary Children's enough money to buy himself a spe- (Continued on page 744)

FRONTIER

to the GENERAL CONFERENCE

Spend more time at the conference...less

time traveling...less time away from home. Relax

in a comfortable Frontier "Sunliner"equipped with air foam reclining seats. Frontier has four

flights in and out of Salt Lake City daily, connecting with all transcontinental airlines.

Reservations:... Call Frontier Airlines in any city

shown on Frontier's route map...or call any travel agency.

'Wffifa FRONTIER AIRLINES

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Behind The Successful Woman is the Informative

loam Bmon Will Wed tiwon Tew

"folksti!he H*h Family

hether you're a career girl wishing to look better, or a housewife desiring to cook better, you'll find the Wednesday Deseret News—Salt Lake

Telegram MidWeek section chockfull of interesting, important features that give you just the help you need.

Read the MidWeek section every Wednesday you'll enjoy it!

ANITA COLBY'S BEAUTY COURSE FOOD IS FUN SPADEA FASHION PATTERNS HOMEMAKER'S EXCHANGE PTA NEWS YOUR BABY SEWING FEATURES RECIPE CARDS SHOPPING TIPS EMILY POST CONFIDENTIALLY YOURS HOME DECORATING TIPS

ate Qpe&gpaniK

OCTOBER 1952 743 "... OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN II

from page 742) works were being set off by the city KEEP EYES BRIGHT (Continued other children. On the Fourth of recreation department. These chilWITH wereJuly, linedfor instance,with the thechildrenlong inporchestheir drenlessonsarepossible—thatlearning one ofof thelivinggreatestin a

beds—those with arms keeping the community and giving of their

PROPER LIGHT covers over those whose arms were strengths and accepting their weakin casts—and all looking eagerly tonesses. There are probably few

ward one of the parks where firegreater lessons one can learn.

/WO\5X>S>sJ\J\>J\>-3v ouvta j-eople—

and rndependieoenaence

Richard L. Evans

lives in the peoof most perhaps are periods young counsel impatient precauwith and they are Thereple when Shorter days and longer nights are parents,tions, whenwhy theythey wondercannot havewhy completethey haveindependence.to be responsibleTheyto

here, wonder why their elders need be so concerned about their conduct, their decisions, their activities, and their interests.

Some show of independence is certainly to be commended

So, its time to check and encouraged, but no one is or can be completely free up on your lighting. from accountability to others. And parents certainly cannot

free themselves from responsibility for their young people not even if they would, and young people cannot free themBETTER LIGHTING selves from responsibility to parents—not even if they would.

is so: a merely One is

reared have and we MEANS Therematter areof naturalmany reasonsaffection.why Whenthis

BETTER LIVING cherished and nourished others, when our hearts beat with them and our hopes are for them, we cannot stand by and feel free from some sense of real responsibility. But there is

See your lamp dealer yet another reason why young people and parents cannot free themselves from responsibility for one another. Besides

love there is the matter of law. It is said that "Diogenes

UTAH POWER struckaccountablethe fatherfor thewhenactstheandsonutterancesswore."1 ofTheourlawchildrenholds usin

many ways, and a parent not only has the right but also

minor children even if and when they are seemingly self- & LIGHT CO. the unavoidable legal obligation to be concerned with his

sustaining. And even when a youngster can't see or won't

admit the other reasons why he can't be completely independent, he must admit the matter of law. But quite beyond

the limits of the law of the land, beyond the limits of the laws that men have made, by a higher law we are all responsible to and for those whom the Lord God has given

LOS ANGELES.. us.sponsibilityIn a sense,for anythereof usis noto anysuchofthingus. Andas freedomno rationalizingfrom rewill remove the inherent obligation and mutual accountability of parents and young people to one another—which

youngsters (and those who are older also) must learn, lest, LANKERSHIM as concerning one another, they feel a false freedom. - in the

center of Jke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING. Rooms with bath from $3.50 SYSTEM, AUGUST 3, 1952

Copyright, 1952 1SEVENTH BROADWAY AND aRobert Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy.

E. P. "Al"ALFORD

Gen. Mar. 744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

One evening a few of the older children had gathered in one of the Many doctors recommend Wheat Hearts because wards, two or three of the girls sitting on a bed. In the doorway were one

or two of the older boys. One who

had St. Vitus'dance so badly whenhe entered that he could hardly speak THIS CEREAL

was playing the ukelele, and the group was singing. Some of the

smaller children were wandering in and out, listening, joining in whenthey knew the songs, or merely gathCONTAINS TOASTED ering because it was fun to be with the older children. It was a heartwarming sight, for these young people were finding the normal expressions of youth. WHEAT GERM

Credit should be given all those who have labored so long and so diliTastes good, too... rich and nutlike

gently to make this dream of service a reality. Each First Presidency Youngsters and grownups like this

of the Church, each presidency of cereal better than most because of its the Primary Association, each genfull-hearted, toasted wheat flavor.

eral board, each stake and ward And it's so good for them!

board, each individual worker and Ask your family doctor. He will tell

member merit great credit for their ture's richest sources youof Thiaminethat wheat(Vitamingerm is B-l).one ofAndnavision and for their achievement. Wheat Hearts has 20% wheat germ added, enough to make

It is touching also to learn of the it 6 times richer in Vitamin B-l than whole wheat itself.

sizable contributions made by many Eaten daily, Wheat Hearts supplies an important part of people not members of the Church. your baby's or growing child's Vitamin B-l needs:

They see the good that results from Infants (below 1 year) 60.0%

this great service and are eager to Children (1-6 years) 30.0% Children (6-12 years) 20.0%

give what assistance they can in Adults (over 12 years) 15.0%

furthering this cause. Many have It is also a good source of musclebuilding proteins, food

made contributions to the hospital in energy, carbohydrates and minerals necessary for growth lasting memory of persons who have and body health. A good buy... less than a penny a servpassed on, rather than send flowers ing. And quick... cooks in 3 minutes. Eat Wheat Hearts

... good for everybody!which, while beautiful, are of so short every morning

duration. New approved silverware for little ones!

Cooperation has made possible the "Queen Bess"Pattern Baby Spoon and Fork Starter Set achievements of this hospital. As only 50$ with Wheat Hearts box top! Regular value $1.50.

Kipling wrote Don't miss this wonderful offer! Set designed by leading child

psychologist includes 4% -inch blunt tined fork and 4-inch

It ain't the guns and armament or the spoon. Reinforced with extra layer of solid silver at wear point.

fund that they can pay; Perfect balance, correct weight for tiny hands. Can be used

tots or youngsters by little up to 6. Good and sturdy, made in

Plate quality It's close cooperation that helps to Tudor by Oneida Community win the day. Silversmiths. Send 50$ and Wheat Hearts

It ain't the individual or the army as box top to Wheat Hearts Starter Set, Oakland 1, Calif. Other "Queen Bess"pattern

a whole, silverware offers on Wheat Hearts box. Jissaf the everlasting teamwork of everyBut

bloomin'soul.:;

:--[-i [. The doctors, nurses, and volunteer

workers who have given their best intheir efforts for these little ones are WHEAT held in high esteem and great af- 'liiiiwiM1 KP 'HRtt&f!:Shi - '-;J89S::-9HhS "

fection by patients and parents. Their

returns, Asthose of as the Primary sociation, the satisHEARTS H6ARTS through come faction that lies in having been of So good...and so good for you

service to these children, sons and daughters of our Father in heaven, who have needed the extra assistance Anotherfine product of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West

that has enabled them to lead richer, "S PERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

better lives as a result of the efforts Listen to Sperry Breakfast News on KSL at 7:45 a.m. Mon., Wed., and Fri.

of the Primary Association. and the Bill Ring Show on your ABC Station at 1:00 p.m. Mon. thru Fri.

OCTOBER 1952 745 JOSEPH SMITH AND THE POLITICAL WORLD (Continued from page 713) day. But our concern with history, not to sit idly by with either unconthe consternation of those who came Joseph Smith's or any other, is not cern or futile sorrow. The great

later. He is as amazing to us as he merely for what happened in the past, lesson the Prophet's life teaches is

was disturbing to them. but in what history suggests by way that in politics as anywhere, man may

8. He ran for President of the of principle for the present and the accomplish much; with God's help

United States and organized a camfuture. more may be done; and that it is the

paign throughout the United States. Our world is agitated by five sigbusiness of mankind to be anxiously

The organizational influence of this nificant political problems. They are engaged under all circumstances in a

effort contributed much to the sysall related. What, if anything, may "good cause."

tematic organization of the missionary be learned from Joseph Smith's exAlthough known by many names system. perience toward the solution of these and misnames, the following politiThese, and many other things, problems? In the first place we may cal problems confront the world tocould be cited. Many of them defy accept his faith that man's efforts day:

explanation. They seem fantastic toare not inconsequential; our task is 1. The nature and basis of political authority and obtaining agreement thereunder.

2. The relation between governNEW DRIPLESS Plastic Sacrament Set ment3. Warand economicand the life.use of force in

human affairs.

with AUTOMATIC LOCKING folding handles 4. Civil rights.

5. Political method.

1. The Nature and Basis of

Political Authority

Is authority to be total or partial?

Is man to have an area for his own agency and decision or is he to be told when and where to go and come? Is authority to be based on

the consent of those governed, freelygiven? Is consent of the governed to

be induced by propaganda and thought control? Free inquiry and

choice? Or is it to be based on fraud,

whim, and force? Authority is to

be limited, not total.

The reason for supporting the Constitution of the United States as an inspired instrument is, "that every man may act in doctrine and prinHere is the long needed ideal Sacrament Set that practically eliminates ciple pertaining to futurity, according the problems of inconvenience of dripping water and excessive storage space. to the moral agency which I have

given unto him...."(D. & C.

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearing 101:78.)

plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk White). Laws, said the official declaration

prepared by the Prophet's close colNote the large sturdy handles {all handles are Crystal) that automatically laborator Oliver Cowdery, must be framed that will hold "inviolate"the lock in place. Handles fold down, out of the way, when not in use; requiring rights of (1) life, (2) liberty of cononly 1/3 the space of old type sets. science, and (3) the right and control of property, otherwise we beWater trays feature a special rim around each individual cup opening as lieve that "... no government can

well as around outer edge of tray. This practically eliminates inconvenience exist in peace."(Ibid., 134:2.) Selfof dripping water. This is a special patented feature. government implies that men will

choose to do some things for themSince there are no water stains or condensation, Sets are easier to clean selves, some things for and in coand keep clean. operation with others, and that they

will delegate other functions to civil churches, corporations, ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY... Sets available at the government, and other groups. Selfgovernment

Presiding Bishop's Office—Salt Lake City—or Order Direct from requires education. "I teach them

THE PLASTICAL COMPANY3575 Manchester Blvd., Inglewood, Cal. correct principles and they govern

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA themselves,"said Joseph Smith. We cil of Economic Advisers; know anyforces at work making for big govmust do the same, and not only teach thing at all of the power of the ernment, in the facts of industrializabut also learn correct principles. (See Bureau of the Budget; can explain tion, urbanization, national soveribid., 88:7889 for an educational to themselves the meaning of legaleignty, human acumen and human

charter.) How many of us have ized collective bargaining; or can say gullibility, as well as in the facts of

studied the subjects of our day with anything at all about the National political demagoguery, propaganda, the vigor that he did? Too few of Security Council's replacement (since and true and false leadership. We

us read books, even in school. None 1947) of the Department of State as must understand these basic elements.

of us approach the learning of our primary agency for determining Life in the twentieth century is no day outside of school, as he did the United States foreign commitments. longer a matter of learning the three

learning of his: law, Hebrew, the What is corporate concentration? R's, finding a conducive trade or

classics, rhetoric, German, politics, What has caused big government, happy occupation, marrying the right history, mathematics. everywhere, in the twentieth century? girl, and settling down to build a

In the year of his death, in addiIt is not the result of a plot, either in home, acquiring furnishings, and tion to engaging in the steamship Moscow, Salt Lake City, or Washrearing a family to do likewise. All

business, opening a coal mine, planington. There are fundamental (Continued on following page)

ning a nineteenth century prototype of a "valley authority"on the Mississippi River, running a hotel, a store, foreign missions, publishing two newspapers, managing a logging BOOKS operation in Wisconsin, building a DISTINGUISHED

Church temple a and Masonic temple, city, a running coping with a [or Every Reading Family in the Church ninecounty political coalition against him, struggling under extradition, NEW! JUST OFF THE PRESS

lawsuits, and grand jury indictments, keeping the Illinois congressional Will A Man Rob God?

delegation and Mormon agents in By Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Washington "hopping"to get scienHere's a richly inspired book written to help you tithing, tific and geographic data on the West, understandfast offeringsmoreandfullytheGod'sobservancegreat lawsof offast and planning scientific colonization Beneficial, timely and revealing... it's a volumeday.

and exploration thereof, Joseph Smith whichthe scriptures,is made fromauthoritativethe writingswithof quotationsthe First Presifrom $3.00

also undertook to study German timedenciesand fromfrom JosephstatementsSmith'smade dayby variousto the apostles.present

the key for unlocking the storehouse of the scientific and philosophic litTHE FATE OF THE PERSECUTORS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH erature of the nineteenth century. CompiledEveryoneby N.whoB. Lundwallreads this compilation of historical data on Joseph Smith and his

There are those today who subscribe persecutions will find it of great interest $3.00

to, but do not read, even The ImSONGSBy MarjorieTO C.SINGKjar and Glenna T. Holbrook

provement Era, let alone the great Juniorthe gospelSundayto childrenSchools will find the songs and verses of great value in presenting $2.00

Milton Hunter By Dr. R.

attempted. he Contains the new, extent enlightening material concerning ancient civilizations described Today—asliterary and scientific treatises of the ANCIENT AMERICA AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

in of the Book Mormon $4.00 are ignorant, that we we may not PEARL PRICE GREAT OF COMMENTARY

expect any such political salvation. By Dr.It'sMiltonthe firstR. Hunterand only book on the Pearl of Great Price. Many of the vital"A man cannot be saved in ignodoctrinal points are brilliantly handled $3.00

rance."That is as true in politics GOSPELBy FlorenceMESSAGESPierce

and government, as it is in baptism. A volume that answers those puzzling questions about the Standard Works $3.00

The glory of Joseph Smith was his effort to achieve intelligence. He reBRILLIANT! ENLIGHTENING!

lied on the Lord. He also used his Writings of Parley P. Pratt

head. In point of hard fact, it was

by reading, by using his head, that Compiled by Parker Robison he first went to the Lord. Maybe Thethis greatwisdom,mandiplomacy,are enlightening.loyalty andDoctrinalcouragesubof

there is a greater lesson there than $4.00 jectsof Knowledge,such as JosephEternalSmithLife,andandtheHeavenDevil, onFountainEarth

we have yet appreciated. are but a few of the faithpromoting writings you'll

read with great interest.

2. The Relation Between Government and Economic Life

Is government to be communistic, socialistic, anarchic, a combination of public and private ownership, or ORDER FROM YOUR what? lesson of the The Prophet's DEALER LOCAL OR BOOKDIRECT FROMlife concerning intelligence informed Tl CRAFT.

sets the keynote as here every with other of the major problems. Too 1186 SoftSOUTHLake CityM/viisi-4, Utah personsfew have heard of the CounOCTOBER 1952 747

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE POLITICAL WORLD

(Continued from preceding page) wanted economy and integrity in govsuch decisions are now affected by ernment. The state should not depublic policy. Modern man must vour the economy with taxes and

have religion to inspire him, a job to expenditures, nor should the enonomy sustain him, but also knowledge of debauch the people or the state with public policy in order that his reundue selfish influence. This is the

ligion, inspiration, and physical susgenius of the American scheme. But

tenance do not go for naught. it requires knowledge and energy to

Joseph Smith taught that governmaintain such a neat balance. Neither

ment, while limited in its scope and the American economy nor the Amerauthority, yet has the obligation to ican government will be saved in foster, sustain, and promote a healthy ignorance of its economics and polieconomic life. At the same time he tics.

V>X3k5\2

W5Lde Vv/raumem Richard L. Evans

rHEN we are supposed to be doing something we don't do, W often we have to argue with ourselves inside. A man

has to give himself a reasonable reason for what he does or fails to do, and if the reason isn't a good reason, it may involve an uncomfortable contest between two sides of himself. This is true in all our obligations and activities. When

we don't live up to the best we know, when we don't deliver the best we can, when we aren't present where we are supposed to be present, when we aren't doing what we ought to be doing, we have to keep telling ourselves why; and this

kind of conversation takes the edge off every enjoyment like a brooding, threatening cloud that hovers over a picnic, like intrusive noise in the background when we are trying to listen to music, like an interrupting voice when we are trying to engage in quiet conversation. An uneasy

Chinook, Montana conscience is a discordant obligato that detracts from all sweet sounds. A man simply cannot keep his mind on his work

Dear Sirs: with full effectiveness when he has to keep telling himself

We have just received our why he doesn't do what he knows he ought to do, why he

Era's"bound "Improvement and doesn't to go, doesn't he ought knows he go where he why thrilled are with would it. We

to keep, keep appointments he he ought knows he why like to thank you very for much the lovely job you have done. disappoints people he knows he ought not disappoint, why

Our only wish would be that he lets small causes and small excuses dissuade him from everyone who subscribes to the more important pursuits. Actually it often takes more time

Improvement Era could see to talk ourselves into and out of the things we ought to do how lovely the 12 issues are than it does to do them. And often we actually save time

bound into one book that will and greatly increase our effectiveness and efficiency if we last for years. simply decide to do what we know we ought to do and then

Thanking you again, we reset about to do it. To all of us—and to young people parmain. ticularly—let it be said again: Being where you ought to be

Sincerely, when you ought to be there, doing what you ought to do it is one of the indispensable factors of Mr. and Mrs. when you ought to do

Clare A. Johnson success, of effectiveness and efficiency, and of personal peace.

It avoids the necessity of inside argument and often takes time the than time take telling ourselves we is cost just why it isThe $3.00 per (F.O.B. volume Salt Lake less

City; postpaid, 30c. add Canada other foreign and all right to not to do. do what we know we oughtcountries 75c). add

Save your Eras and send them for binding to Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 10, 1952 Deseret News Press Copyright, 1952 31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah 748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

3. War and the Use of Force

Joseph Smith was born into the nationstate system, each nation jealously guarding its prerogatives and seeking its own interests, guided by the doctrine of national sovereignty.

Joseph Smith predicted the destruction of the nationstate system. Any

political scientist can do the same.

It, like all its predecessors, bears the seeds of its destruction, namely, the pursuit of selfinterest unidentified with the common interests of mankind. Joseph Smith urged recognition of the restoration of the gospel

of Jesus Christ and of Christian baptism in the Seaton letter (1833) as the commencement of the long, long road towards reciprocity among believers, a reciprocity to be extended to unbelievers. He calculated, he

wrote in 1844, to be an instrument whereby eventual universal peace might be realized through the power of the gospel and not by the power of the sword or gun. Nevertheless,

the world he lived in, as our own, was still the world of force, of disGet the FREE RECIPE regard for law, and of the uninhibited nationstate. He himself was at your grocer's now!

required, on many occasions, to organize force and to bear arms in order to protect (1) life, (2) liberty of THIS ONEDISH-DINNER COSTS conscience, and (3) property—the

trinity of political rights he believed must be kept inviolate. only 23*r a serving

He proclaimed all the western hemisphere, north and south, to be

Zion and set out to build it and gather to it the likeminded throughout the globe. There may be some basic,

geographicpolitical genius in this intercontinental solidarity which might be reconsidered in the age of

American strained commitments in

Europe and Asia. Yet, no religious

follower of his can abandon Europe,

Africa, and Asia to either men or the devil, even though the "New

Jerusalem"be located in Jackson

County, Missouri, U.S.A. For the

Prophet held out his hands to "all the world"—and I stress, all the

world. On April 15, 1841, he disYou can't miss with Arthur Godfrey's

for StarKist recipe Tunapatched Orson Hyde to the Turkish delicious pre-... easy to Special. It's economical

empire, through Central Europe; and pare—and so mouthwaterin'good your

on May 11, 1843 appointed a mission family will beg you to serve it often!

to the South Pacific, another road to Asia's millions. "AMERICA'S BEST IN FLAVOR TESTS!"

The abandonment of peaceful for In unbiased taste tests, thousands of food experts voted Solid Pack Fancy and (Blue homemakers Buywarlike measures is a serious problem. StarKist the or Convenient Label), Chunk tendertextured Tuna

Joseph's is a hard, bitter doctrine, Style ( Green Label).. same fine 3-to-l flavor winner over all other

but one learned by experience in a quality packed 2 different ways nationally advertised brands of tuna!

practical world, that one of the best (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1952 Hear and See "ARTHUR GODFREY TIME"—Daily, Monday through Friday

CBS RADIO AND TELEVISION NETWORKS

See your local newspaper for time and station

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE POLITICAL WORLD

(Continued from preceding page) action. The existence of both proorganized force to protect the sphere

ways to maintain peace is to be preduced favorable, if not salutary, reof liberty, in a practical world, thus pared for war. The lesson is in sults during their active existence. It emerges. When its use is justified

Zion's Camp and the Nauvoo Legion. is a significant footnote to history is indicated in the Doctrine and CoveThey marched, prepared for the that Joseph and Hyrum Smith's lives nants, Section 98, which you may all

worst, as best they could be. Both were lost after the voluntary deread, and if you like, write your

disbanded peacefully: Zion's Camp in mobilization of the Legion at Govcongressman, as you report to the

the face of an impossible social and ernor Ford's request, and in the face local draft board. If the army is part

military situation; the Nauvoo Legion of insubordination by the Carthage of life, as it is, we may as well make

at the request of Governor Ford. Greys and other state militia under the best of it, as Joseph did, and try

Neither was forced to take aggressive Ford's command. The existence of to enjoy and improve it.

4. Civil Rights

The nature of modern affairs threatens civil rights not only abroad, but also in the United States.

How can you protect freedom and not destroy it? Joseph Smith's search

for liberty of conscience, and subsequent bitter Mormon experience when singled out as the object of discriminatory legislation, also popularly hailed and demanded, suggests caution in dealing with subversive elements by purely discriminatory means. Equality before the law, and not discrimination, is the important principle. This

is an extremely delicate and controversial subject. If the McCarran Act can

accomplish control of espionage and subversive activity by Russian or..the NEW ROOM other agents all well and good. But

let us look out for civil liberty. The you've always wanted

F.B.I, was doing pretty well before

Suppose you could come in and select just the room you the McCarran Act. "We believe that

want, have us wrap it up and deliver it. Sounds wonderno government can exist in peace,

ful? Well, we practically do just that with our "OnePack- except such laws are framed as will

... the free exercise age"remodeling service. And all this experience is yours hold inviolate

when you bring your remodeling problems here. Why of conscience."(D. & C. 134:2.) Shall

not come in soon? a communist, a socialist, or the representatives of the most detestable docPLANS - IDEAS LABOR science?trines or groupsDestructionhave libertyof oflibertyconWe'll help you with plans and Naturally, we know the carshould be a crime, but when does the

estimates, suggest the best mapenters, contractors and all the overt act occur? By words? Liberty

terials to use and get you all other people in the building of conscience is not liberty to conlined up with the right amount business in this area. We'll be

and the right kind of everyhappy to recommend capable spire to halt industrial production, thing. and reliable men for your job. derail trains, or steal documents. No

one has those liberties. Joseph Smith's

CONVENIENT TERMS libertylife wasofa consciencedaily struggleand tofreedomreconcileto rtlSTAh 7me/m/merit We can arrange financing on the spot for proselyte, with unpopular and popualmost any kind of remodeling, repair or lar pressures. Our only lesson may be

PLAN improvement job. No down payment. Conthat vigilance for us, too, is the price

venient monthly terms. of liberty; at home as well as abroad.

5. Political Method

Thus we arrive at the final and fifth point. How is the ideal to be

achieved? By means of the practical.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is of SmithThis the message Joseph "AS UNTO THE BOW..."

politicalto of today. Prayer the world

is practical in 1820. So is reading (Continued from page 727) As they traveled along the weary

the Bible, James 1:5. So is learning talked together then strolled back to journey, several in the company were

to read law with Doniphan and the wagons. Sara Ann suggested seized with the muchdreaded cholera

Atchison; or Hebrew and Greek with that they sing and have Chris Hayer cramps. When the company reached

"Professor Seixas."So is sending play his violin and John Olson his Chardon Point, Iowa, several memOliver Cowdery from Kirtland to New accordion. This they did while the bers of the company became very ill.

York City to buy a wagonload of group danced and sang around the Sara Ann went with the other sisters books for the School of the Prophets. campfire. After a few hours of fun from wagon to wagon assisting in

So is the plan for the City of Zion. So and songs everyone turned to the every way possible. Suddenly, on

is the 1844 campaign for the Presiwagons for the night so the company the way to one wagon, Sara Ann was dency, to dramatize the Mormon could get an early start in the mornseized with a violent cramping that plight, and to save perhaps thirty ing. (Continued on following page)

thousand people the embarrassment of having to vote either for or against the Illinois Whigs or Democrats.

But most of all it is the Prophet's thatconception the kingdom of God Let Us Winterize lies is inherent in every man, and there latent, awaiting development.

"Whenever men can find out the will of God and find an administrator legally authorized from God, there is the kingdom of God."(D. H. C.

v:259, January 22, 1843.) Joseph's

own effort, one day "early in the spring of 1820"is the model for every man.

But this is not to remaifl an anarchic doctrine of pure individualism, with me and the kingdom of

God within me to be located and established for myself; and the rest of

the world, and the devil take the hindmost. It is the challenge to the

believer, to the priesthood of all believers, to be, each man himself a Its a good idea to drive in now worthy and worthwhile member of the larger community, in order that and have us the larger kingdom of God in which Drain and clean the radiator and supply antifreeze, each man may pursue his own anarDrain the crankcase, flush it, and refill with motor chic freedom if he so desires, may oil in the proper winter grade.

be accomplished as a social fact. This Lubricate your car thoroughly.

will require great intelligence and knowledge. As Jesus, the Great MasReplace worn tires with new Atlas "Gripsafe"Tires to

ter of all, taught: "Ye shall know the provide you maximum safety for driving on slippery

truth, and the truth shall make you highways.

free."And as Joseph Smith taught: Check your battery—to be sure it can stand the added

"'It will not be by sword or gun that strain of cold weather driving.

this kingdom will roll on: the power Inspect the fan belt and replace if necessary.

of truth is such that all nations will Check the hose connections and replace if necessary.

be under the necessity of obeying the gospel."(Ibid., vi:365, May 12, 1844.) Better One Week Early...

What truth is this, that men may Than One Day Late!

be free? It is knowledge of things You can't have your car protected for cold

past, present, and future; the eliminaweather too early—but a few hours delay

tion of indolence and guesswork by may be too late!

industry, inquiry, and certainty. "The 43rd Year of Progress

glory of God is intelligence."Let us

strive to put intelligence to work and win, eventually for intelligence, its proper role in the political world. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

OCTOBER 1952 751 "AS INTO THE BOW..."

The THRIFT SEASON is the best time to see (Continued from preceding page) heard, his impulse was to go to her.

crumpled her on the ground. Two but instead he went by himself under

of the sisters immediately took her a little tree away from the group and to her wagon, put her to bed, and supplicated the Lord. EU

Visit your friends, relatives did all they could for her; but the Arising from his knees, Canute felt

while the fares are lower. cramping persisted until the sisters a great surging of the Spirit. Going

feared for her life. The bad news directly to Sara Ann's wagon, he

quickly spread. When Canute first parted the wagon cover, and placing

Round trip K553?I55S3*5%5?

steamer fares ou3e gratis rnto New York to:

ENGLAND $330. and up

... FRANCE $340. and up ea I J>ach

GERMANY $360. and up Richard L. Evans

SCANDINAVIA $380. and up

falls is reads, that proverb a mouse an old "When trip air fares Round T''here miller is the himself"into sack, he he thinks a meal to: York New

of of sincere humility that all the suggests something which London $41 7.00

Paris $453.00 us should feel in great degree. We admire great art and the

Frankfurt.$494.60 artist—but the painting at best only simulates something seen

Copenhagen $494.60 in the handiwork of God. It may be so well done that it

Write, call, or come in for inforseems to have the breath of life, but it doesn't have the breath mation and reservations at no cost. of life. Statuary in clay, in stone, in bronze, delineating

beauty of form and face, of muscle and movement, is a thing

UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE of beauty only because it simulates and suggests something

Temple Square Hotel seen in the work of him who created us all. At its most SALT LAKE CITY

Phone 5-6552 beautiful best it lacks the very breath of life. Let's look

a moment in another direction: We are deeply grateful for

the discoveries men have made in medicine: for socalled

miracle drugs, for skilful diagnosis, and for delicate surgery, but the most skilled of men can only aid the physical functions. He can't create them. He can assist nature, but

he can't determine the ultimate outcome. He and all of us

must watch and wait when the issues of life and death are in the balance. The scientist in every field discovers a few

laws and uses them to remarkable and miraculous ends, but he doesn't make the laws; he doesn't create the processes;

he doesn't make a lifeless thing a living thing. He uses; he

observes; he waits; and he wonders. Sometimes we think

When You Open Your great thoughts, new and thrilling and wonderful to us,

SAVINGS ACCOUNT and then later we find that they have been thought and with $50.00 or more and you will receive recorded by many minds, many times, in many places

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen thoughts that suggest a surpassing Source of truth and of and pencil set.

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to inspiration, of laws and of learning, and failure to recognize $25,000. the source of all such is an unhappy error. Because we paint

33 years of continuous operation. a picture, because we mold a metal, because we carve stone,

CURRENT *\q/ Per because we "make"and administer a medicine, because we

DIVIDEND J /O Annum learn laws, because we can in a measure change the form of

Utah Savings wethingsare andthe makerscontrol ofsomethe physicalthings wefunctions,use or of doesn'tthe lawsmeanwe learnthat and Loan Association or of the life we live. And as we see so much of what is

PROVO, UTAH D. Spencer President made, and lest we think too little of the Maker, we may well Grow,

MAILHANDY COUPON remember a homely and humbling proverb: "When a mouse

falls into a meal sack, he thinks he is the miller himself."

Send your check or money order to

Utah Savings, 172 West Center Street, utch Proverb.

Provo, Utah and your savings pass book and pen set will be mailed to you immediately. Uke Jpoken UU"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Name PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Address SYSTEM, AUGUST 17, 1952

City Zone....State Copyright, 1952

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

his hands on her head, he fervently besought the Lord in Sara Ann's beSTILL AMERICA 5 BEST BIBLE BUY half.

When the amen had been said, HARPERS SPECIAL Concordance Edition

Sara Ann opened her eyes and smiled; KING JAMES VERSION, CLEAR BLACK TYPE

the violent cramping had ceased. Page Size 4%x7", 15/16"thick

Raising herself on one elbow, she No other Bible in this price range has so the well, gracesaid, through "I am features: Persian Morocco wanted of many

later short she time wasGod."A lined leather covers, overlapping binding,

sick. for others were whoup caring

and fully flexible, India paper, red under

The little company broke camp and traveled on in peace and health; gold, References, Concordance, Maps,

happy that no lives had been lost Teachers'Helps, SelfPronouncing!

and rejoicing in the fact that they shall be dark in the deNo. 2400xwere all able to continue on their CHAPTER 6 structions

thereof only startedjourney. out they As dzzf- king that the year 7 Hcb. again, IN desolawith desolate $9.95 I also Lord the 'saw died ah singing began ThankSara Ann "We tion and throne, high a sitting uponThee, Oh God, for a Prophet."Soon

all were singing with her. White Genuine Leather Bride's Bible The second night the company

pitched camp in a small grove at the Truly washable! Paperlined to edge, gold edges, Orange

base of a rolling hill. After supper, Blossom gold roll, Marriage Certificate, GiftPak, Size

1 5 3 Ox $8.50Canute asked Sara Ann if she would 3 y2 x4% x9/l 6", No.

like the stream with to walk him to reaching water.for some Upon it, New LargeType 20 f Go ye forth of Babylon, flee

Sara Ann turned to Canute and said, Imperial Pica Bible ye from Chalde'-iins, with a "Canute, I have never had the chance Primarily designed for older eyes voice of singing declare ye, tell to tell you how wonderful it was... ideal for everyonel Contains this, utter it even to the end of

Page, RecFamily ye, earth; say the The Lord hath bless to that Presentationfor you and come me

Size Maps. and ord 5%x8 his servant redeemed Jacob. I felt Spirit of then the the Lordday. L"". $6.00 1800 No. U/I6x.y4

as I've never experienced it before.

Your fervor was that of a beloved HARPER & BROTHERS 49 E. 33rd Street, New York 16, NY.

son praying for something that was very important to him. You'll never

know how much it meant to me."

as that saying I prayed "Your You Owe it to Yourself I for something were askingthough that is of great importance to me is true. My dear Sara, I never fullyrealized till then how much you mean and Your Ward

to me and how deeply I love you. I

felt that if you were not permitted to when you come to live, my life would be robbed of its conference to beauty and joy."SEE and HEAR the new

Placing his arm gently around her shoulders and looking deep into her beautiful dark blue eyes, where the light of purity and love shone, he HAMMOND continued, "Tell me, my darling, is my love reciprocated? Do you feel for me the same deep and abiding ORGAN

love and devotion that I have for you?"Bishop SELDON HEAPS will be at the Hammond console

in our Salt Lake store all during conference.

She returned the look of love and replied, "Yes, Canute, I do love you, The Hammond costs much less—Never gets out of tune-

I think I always have even as a small Takes up less room—Easy to play—Over 190 in L.D.S. chapels.

girl when four years seemed such a vast difference. I've always admired

your nobleness of character, your CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC kindness and devotion to your inSt. 74 So. Main

valid mother, your ability as a leader, your ambition, and honesty. In fact OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO

to me you are the embodiment of all

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1952 753 "AS INTO THE BOW..."

(Continued from preceding page) "Oh, I think that would be wondergressed to a little bower fashioned of that is noble and good, and I am ful! But what will I wear?"willows and covered with blossoms

happy to know that you love me.""What's this pretty stuff you're that Canute and the boys had gathHe tenderly pressed his lips to hers sewing on now?"ered. Its unexpected beauty was a

in a short but fervent kiss. Sara Ann admitted that it was a surprise to Sara Ann and the sisters.

"Sara, this is the happiest moment new dress she had been stitching Brother Orson Hyde waited for of my life. I haven't much else but whenever she had a chance but that them. With the little company as

my heart to offer you, but I am asking she had not intended to make it for witnesses, the couple stood beneath you, knowing full well your realiza- a wedding dress. the bower of flowers bathed in the

tion of the privations and hardships "Well, where in the world would warm afternoon sunshine. Their

to be endured, will you marry me, you find a prettier dress, Sack, dear, lives were joined in holy matrimony,

Sara?"and it is almost done. Couldn't you July 2, 1849.

"You know the answer, Canute. I'll finish it tonight, and then tomorrow Immediately after the last words

be happy to be your wife, and I'll about four o'clock we could be marof the ceremony the company all try to be the kind of wife you deried, for Brother Hyde will surely gathered around and congratulated serve."be here by that time?"the newly married couple. Sister

"My heart is almost bursting with "Yes, I guess it could be done, but Dahl then told them to spread out joy and love for you; there is not why all the haste? Why don't we wagon seats, benches, and quilts on

sufficient space in all the universe to wait till we get to Salt Lake and be the ground, and some refreshments hold the love I bear you, Sara. If married there, Canute?"would be served. The unexpected

my love were put in a sack, it would "If we get married tomorrow, we goodies that came forth were a source take the largest sack in all the world could call the rest of the journey our of mystification to the crowd.

to hold it. Sara, let that be a sign honeymoon."The group sang and danced. The

between us always. I will call you "Oh, Canute, you think of everywholesomeness and beauty of the

Sack instead of Sara. That will be thing, and I'm willing, if that's what wedding was a thing to be long remy pet name for you, and when I you want. What chance have I membered.

call you Sack, either alone or in the against your powers of persuasion, Finally the upper crossing of the presence of others, it will mean that I anyway?"Missouri River was reached and

am telling you, in that one word, Canute hurried to spread the good crossed. After traveling for about

how much I love you."word and to make preparations for thirty more miles, the Saints came to

As the little company traveled on, the wedding. The sisters and girls the Elkhorn River where they found

the journey by day seemed lighter, in the camp gathered around Sara two large companies gathered. Brother

and the joy and fun around the campAnn, hugging and congratulating her, George A. Smith was captain of the

fire at night were enhanced by the and offering to help in every way one company, while Brother Richards knowledge that two in the company possible. was captain of the other.

were exceedingly happy in their The camp was astir with wedding The companies had not been able newly discovered love. Ofttimes in preparations such as the plains and to cross the river because the ferry

the day Canute would ride alongside their store of provisions could afhad been left on the other side. SwolSara Ann's wagon, and their laughford. The men were busy with selen by heavy storms, the river deter and goodnatured banter seemed 'cret plans, and every man worked as feated their efforts to get wagons

to smooth out the rough spots in the long as the light lasted and arose at across.

road. the first sign of dawn to make for Although the Saints had tried in

In Kanesville, three companies this beloved couple the finest wedding many ways to get a rope to the ferry, were making preparations to go to possible. they had failed in every attempt. They

Utah. Since the feed in the immeAt the appointed hour the next decided that the only way possible

diate vicinity was nearly gone, the day Canute came forth shining and was for someone to swim the rapid last company moved six miles farther glistening in his best Sunday apparel stream and fasten a rope to the ferry on and pitched camp close to Mt. while Sara Ann was arrayed in her so it could be towed across.

Pisgah. best clothes. Stepping ahead of the When the request for volunteers to

After supper was over that night, group, Canute proudly offered his attempt this hazardous swim came,

Sara Ann was sitting by her wagon arm to his brideto-be. The women Canute and Ira Sabe stepped forth

doing some sewing. Canute came over and girls, men and boys all followed and said that they would try it. Canto her. to the strains of the wedding march ute had had considerable experience

"Do you know what date it is played by Chris Hayer. They proin swimming the rivers in Illinois,'so

today, Sack?"he felt equal to the task. Sara was

"Yes, Canute, it's July the first, and proud but fearful to have him swim tomorrow will be July the second. the deep, fast stream.

Why do you ask?"She stood close by while he fastened

"Because,"Canute began, "tomorthe rope around his waist, then she row Brother Orson Hyde is going to knelt behind their wagon in silent be here, and if you'd like July the prayer to ask the Lord to protect her second for your wedding day, perhusband in his brave attempt to swim haps we could prevail upon him to the mighty current.

marry us."(To be continued)

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RESPONSIBILITIES OF HIGH COUNCILORS

Highin thecouncilorsadministrationplay aofvitala stake.role auditorsand as messengersof ward financialfor the stakeaccounts,presitendencies,in the Church.from getting a foothold

Figuratively speaking, they condency. One or more high councilors High councilors also receive a numstitute the right arm of the stake may be assigned to each ward for a ber of miscellaneous assignments,

presidency. The degree to which given period to be the special agent such as stake music adviser and

they are faithful, efficient, and willing of the stake presidency there. It is supervisor of buildings and grounds

to work determines their value to the his or their responsibility to observe of both ward and stake. Also, they

stake presidency and goes far in deall the ward activities and see that serve on task committees, as aptermining the progress made by the Church standards and practices are pointed by the stake presidency.

stake and ward organizations in maintained. Wherever they find However, as previously mentioned,

which they have been called to serve. conditions not as they should be, the most vital assignment of high

The duties and assignments of their findings are to be reported to councilors is to serve in supervising high councilors are extensive. They the stake presidency. By being alert priesthood activities, such as ward

may be classified under two heads: in this assignment, they can prevent teaching, stake Melchizedek Priest-

(1) judicial and (2) semiadminis- heresies, apostate practices, and such hood committee, Aaronic Priesthood trative. Relative to the judicial, the committee, stake committee for adult

procedure of the high council trials members of the Aaronic Priesthood, is found in the Doctrine and Covegenealogical committee, servicemen's nants 102:1223. Under ordinary These are some of Karl G. committee, and no liquortobacco

conditions high council trials do not Maeser's "Sayings": educational program, or personal

occur frequently in the various stakes; standards committee work.

therefore, the principal work of high Be yourself, but always your Of these assignments, high councouncilors is their semiadministrative better self. cilors could probably do the most

functions, the most important of The Lord never gets in debt needed and effective work with the which is to serve in supervising priestto any man. elders'quorum. Their efforts will rehood activities. This latter function Make the man within your sult in an untold amount of good and

will be discussed later. Since the living ideal. help further the work of the Lord by

duties and assignments of high counEveryone's life is an object diligent and intelligent work with the cilors are so extensive, they absorb lesson to others. various elders'quorums of their

much time in stakes where the stake Let your first good morning stakes. The men holding the office

presidencies fully utilize their high be to your Heavenly Father. of elder in the Church constitute the

councilors in carrying forward the A man without character is majority of the adult male memberChurch program. Experience has like a ship without a rudder. ship, thereby furnishing a marvelous

shown that it is wisdom for stake I would rather lose my right opportunity to the high councilors aspresidencies to make very extensive arm than break my word of signed to work with that group. Their

use of their high councilors. honor. efforts should be directed toward

As an example of the various duties It is not so much what a perhelping increase the activities in the and assignments of high councilors, son says, but what makes him various elders'quorums, resulting in they are asked by presidencies of say it. an increase in the righteousness of

stakes to consider and approve perNo man shall be more exactthe members in general.

sons recommended for office within ing of me or my conduct than Stake presidencies and high counthe stake and persons nominated for I am of myself. cilors are to be reminded that there

ordination in the Melchizedek PriestHe that cheats another is a are no other assignments in the stakes hood and also to pass on other stake knave; but he that cheats himwhich need the work of high counbusiness presented by the stake presiself is a fool. cilors more than does the elders'prodency. Our patriarchal blessings are gram, and probably nowhere else

High councilors are called upon to paragraphs from the book of our could high councilors do more efbe advisers to the stake missionary possibilities. fective and beneficial work than in

work, to the Relief Society organizaEagerness to earn bread and helping to improve the work of these tion, to the Sunday School program, butter has overshadowed many men, bringing the less active ones to the Mutual Improvement Associa- a golden opportunity. into activity. The General Authoritions, to the Primary Association, and School is a drill for the battle ties of the Church encourage high

to the genealogical work. of life; if you fail in the drill, councilors to engage in this work

Also, they have assignments which you will fail in the battle. wholeheartedly. May the blessings

give them definite activity in contactof the Lord attend you in your efing wards as home missionaries, as forts.

OCTOBER 1952 755 <v vum New Aaronic Priesthood Award Program Nearing the End of the First Year

/\n this page we take pride in reprowards may be surprised ducing the new stake Aaronic what a last minute push %>>Priesthood award and the new ward will do to place them among "#

Aaronic Priesthood award. The award the first year winners. It

on the ward level will be presented to is worth a serious try. i

bishopricthe Aaronic Priesthood and V present by M/ yet V ImP not have Those who leaders the stake will and award be *f spirit of this the caught new < J (EIiBaiMngliahoprtr j stakepresented to the presidency and stake Aaronic Priesthood committee. feature in our program, and

These awards will be appropriately who cannot now come into to the this the group winning for displayframed in the bishopric's year, aramcIlrttathoo&JfeaDers will necesdo well to make in of the officeoffice and the stake presidency. sary preparations to get a

Many stakes and wards are anxiously running start at the first of looking toward the end of 1952 which the coming year.

will mark the close of the first year in In any event, we recomthe new Aaronic Priesthood award promend that every stake and gram. ward in the Church take

Other stakes and wards know the stock immediately and move ofcoming 31 is inevitable, December ahead measwhatever with arebut they are required over- ///?/V/jr to a little apprehensive of its ures

The Pres/dfr/yO/shopr/'cadvance connotations. Then there are come all obstacles to suc- m- -><-

the remaining stakes and wards. cess in this new program.

Why are the first group so buoyant Let us not forget that

It is optimistic?and classileaders are a coveted place now being

on the for honor roll as WARD AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD 1952 or fied as "winners"they which not only seek, but which they also have "losers,"not the boys alone within their grasp. They will have as heretofore. If a ward cannot qualify offerings, teaches the Saints in their

earned honorable mention because they at least half its boys for the award, homes, and gives of himself in service will have qualified fifty percent or more what's wrong? Shall we ask the boys? projects to help others. This is the

of their total Aaronic Priesthood enOr their leaders? If the stake commitgospel in action.

rolment under twentyone for the tee cannot promote this program in When the above requirements of the

Aaronic Priesthood individual award. such measure as to qualify at least half award program are considered as being

The group of doubtful stakes and of the Aaronic Priesthood bearers in means of bringing our young men up the stake under twentyto such standards, how can any leader one, what's wrong? Shall stand back and watch the parade go

we ask the ward leaders? Or by without his boys being a part of it?

the stake Aaronic Priesthood Come on, Aaronic Priesthood leadersl leaders? We have work to do. Boys are waiting

While we emphasize for our lead. Make them feel we care.

awards, let us not lose sight Be close to them always—it is the only

presented bu of the boy as our chief obguarantee that we will be there when jective. The award is but they need us most. hefhtaiuinnahopiuc f the means to the end: To Every boy an award winner! Every

ta the hold every bearer of the ward and stake on the honor roll for

Aaronic Priesthood close to 1952!

the Church must always be uppermost in our minds.

The award program has %'(////<'///a.rsw//rjtrr '. //r Jrrrftf/'j/t/'/t a boy in at least seventyfive BOyS tO RCCeiVC Credit

./// /ffrcf/fy.f/tffiM/tvf percent of his priesthood

meetings, at least fifty percent of his sacrament meetfc j

Jcf/if faj6twtfU'<f'tif //errtsisyrrr/vsy (ttie.Ji'/*frrir.Jt'r f/ie/Ac ings; he is taught to funcin Other Wards rj>dr/tf/t'twA/f/td, (/ur/v/tf'l tion in his priesthood callWe again call attention to the fact

<Xf/ ing; he must keep away from that when a bearer of the Aaronic

the forbidden indulgences Priesthood attends priesthood meeting or

The Pics/ctwy Bishopric set forth in the Word of sacrament meeting in another ward, he is to receive full credit on his own quo- a%BEBM%EMaa33iffl Wisdom; a full tithing is

required; he learns to speak rum roll, whether he is living at home

STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD in public; he collects fast or not.

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA [-repared bi4 <=JLee v. f-alt.mtrIfohopncfage

Avoid Abuses in Collecting Fast Offerings

THINK IT OVER Tt was fast day, and the deacons had 3. The quorum presidency should call

The selfrighteous criticize; been sent out to collect fast offerquorum members together in a quorum

The indifferent justify; ings. One of the deacons was assigned meeting before going out to collect fast

Only the wise leader understands to visit twelve families. He hurried offerings. Following a brief opening

Why a boy makes mistakes. through so he could be on time for exercise and the calling of the roll, the

—L.A.P. Sunday School as is recommended by the quorum presidency and members should

Presiding Bishopric. But he was imimmediately visit their assigned dismediately sent out again with another tricts to collect fast offerings. No quotwelve or more families to visit. Of rum lesson should be presented during

course he would be very late for Sunthis quorum meeting. Thus, a quorum

leadership Problems Not to Be day School now. meeting is held, and those who do not

But his work was not finished. When attend are listed as absent, which reDiscussed in Priesthood Classes he returned, there was still a third flects upon their individual award recdistrict for him to visit. The young ord.

'"The priesthood class for adult memdeacon was not too happy. He had been 4. Where there are not enough deaup since five o'clock, had fasted, and, cons to make the collection before Sunbers of the Aaronic Priesthood is not

begins, School teachers after day ordained fast to collect offerings walking for the place the discussion of problems, priests and be to asshould appointed families, from twentyfour exwas duties, responsibilities leaders. of and

sist this in assignment. hausted.

Glass to time belongs group members families shall a boy be deacon returned many 5. How from When the home for the be used and should development

to call factors upon? School, Sunday his expected to confided he Many

present. of those motivation and

father, "The older deacons are getting have to be considered such as distance,

It is frequently embarrassing for adult wise. They go slow enough so they condition of roads, and means of transmembers to have their delinquency discan't be sent out the second and third portation. Sometimes a boy will have

cussed or even alluded to in their prestime."all he can do to visit one or two families.

ence. Stake committee members should This is a serious matter. Since this Others can visit six or possibly eight

not take the time in priesthood classes is not the first of such reports, it is families who live close together and to give direction or motivation to cohoped that bishoprics and Aaronic close to the meetinghouse.

ordinators and group advisers. If called Priesthood leaders will take immediate 6. Adult members of the Aaronic

upon to speak, they should direct their steps to preclude the development of Priesthood will often be delighted to attention to feeding the hungry souls this abuse or to avoid its recurrence. furnish transportation for deacons

of the men who have come to be in- A few suggestions may be of assistgathering fast offerings in scattered structed and encouraged. ance: areas.

The techniques of the program and 1. The coordinator and quorum adLet us keep faith with our boys;

the motivation and instruction of viser should work in close cooperation they are quick to observe abuses. We

leaders should be reserved for the with the quorum presidency to see that cannot afford to create or to tolerate a monthly stake leadership meeting of all quorum members are on hand to situation which encourages boys to do stake and ward committees, the monthly collect fast offerings at the appointed things they would not think of doing ward committee meeting with the bishtime. Full support from the second if there were not such apparent inequaliopric, or to special council sessions that counselor to the bishop is always helpties.

may be called. ful.

Let us remember always the rights 2. No boy should be asked to visit

and needs of those whom we have been more homes than he can visit and reAaronic Priesthood Report called to bless and do nothing that may turn to the chapel in time to be punctual embarrass or offend them. in attending Sunday School. to Be Made Where

No Boys Are Enrolled Praying for the Saints Recommended to Ward Teachers Where there are no bearers of the

Aaronic Priesthood between twelve and

Most ward teachers recognize the need guard. There may be in the district twentyone enrolled in a ward or branch,

for prayer in the ward teaching prothose who have sorrows; or one who is a report should be made each month

gram. They have been urged to pray ill; or someone who is discouraged; to the stake Aaronic Priesthood comin preparation for the monthly visits. and almost always, those who are inmittee nevertheless. In such instance,

They have also been instructed to teach different, and each one needs the supthe regular report form should be used the families of their district the prinporting prayers of ward teachers. and across the face thereof should be

ciple of prayer in a practical way by written "No Aaronic Priesthood bearers praying with them periodically. Petitioning the Lord daily in behalf twelve to twentyone."

In addition to praying in preparation of those who are troubled and disIf this is not done, the stake is listed for the visit, and in addition to praying tressed is a demonstration of genuine as incomplete and cannot be included with the families, ward teachers should sincerity, and it keeps ward teachers in the twentyfive highest leaders in remember in their personal prayers each conscious of their responsibilities to the Aaronic Priesthood as published each day, those whom it is their duty to safepeople. month.

OCTOBER 1952 757 Southern Utah

(Continued from page 723) FREE... At this point the landscape was alive

with highly colored cliffs. North of

Wurlitzer's us, at an altitude of 11,000 feet, the

Pink Cliffs confronted us from the rim of the Aquarius Plateau. Ocof highest ledge cupying the the surfund-raising

tablelands, as they rounding stand a beacon for an immense area. West

is Cliffs Bryce the Pink Canyon. kit for of

at of Southeast the them, foot of

Escalante Mountain, is the town of church Escalante.interest, riseBetweenthe Canaanthe twoMountains,points of

where the Paria River heads in a desohills. A organs latediscouragingand denudedgray color,clusterunclothedof by

a blade of grass, the hills cup the river with leprous hands.

to have hear You only a WurParia near River We crossed the litzer to Organ know why empties it's Cannonville. stream The

called the "voice of worship."

Its tone enriches Divine Services. through deep, bloodred walls into the

It inspires meditation. It creates Colorado River. At Cannonville men WURLITZERWorld's Largest Builder of Organs and Pianos were grazing their cattle on the suran atmosphere of prayer.

That's because the tone of a Under One Great Name rounding range. One of the citizens

Wurlitzer is derived from a Fundraising kit for churches said, "We can't give the land back to

Indians. the one knows just what natural musical the No source—write for your copy now!

Wurlitzer get all rainfall the—to reed. You with it. amounts to do Our

inof advantages an electronic four a year, inches whether about we

Rudolph 1 The Wurlitzer Company sacrificing without strument it Still the or not."farms need and 1-10, Tonawanda,N.Y. North Dept. traditional effects organ when orchards apple not too badly were Please send cost without your me a Wurlitzer. choose you

for kit fundraising Organs. Church off.

Wurlitzer has prepared a speNam e Far to the northeast of the Paria cial kit to use in raising organ funds. Visit your Wurlitzer I S tree t Valley, at the foot of the southeast

Dealer or write for this proved II City Zone State corner of Thousand Lake Mountain fundraising guide today. L. another vast tableland—lies Cathedral Valley. Here the ancient walls

have weathered away, leaving long 4PU PIKES PEAK NEW! QTfmeucan fingersthemselvesof gaudyhave brokenstone. down.The wallsBut

FLOUR FOLDING theing formsare almostwhich biblical.have been left standWith FOUR CHAIRS From a green mound on the rim of

Extra Baking the plateau, we looked into the open

Advantages red desert far to the east. Running

south to the Colorado ranged the five

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS blue peaks of the Henry Mountains 5th South 425 West—"Mountains of mystery,"Major

City. Salt Utah Lake

John W. Powell said. In the gutted

FOR CHURCHES AND desert to the east, the San Rafael SCHOOLS SUNDAY

Over 8 million in use! Rugged tubularSwell culminated in Temple Mounsteel construction—3 seat styles: wood, tain, a yellow peak against the sky.

steel,maximumor upholstered,comfort. Writeall extraDept.wide169 for Between us and Temple lay Wild

SECTIONhinge rod, hasto distributereinforcingload.bar within frame above hidden the Lost Valley of the GobWE OFFER... BACKintoandHINGEframebeloVvPANELwith bottomis deepformededge rolledsteelfor rigidity.for comfort, welded Horse Butte, not far from which was

Still lins. Butte, Factory nearer was of solid steel are against shouldered CROSS COMPLETE A

of load. legs inside to resist BRACESand riveted, SERVICE ENGRAVING great red, landmark, another and dark leg are with capped and around crimped STEEL

durable, GLIDESnonmarking rubber shoes. Portraits to the Largest Missionary From a towering from "penthouse"with handling available easy Storage quick, Trucks Catalogues. for

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention the southern end of the butte itself.

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. To find Cathedral, our immediate

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Branch OfficesGrandand RapidsDistributors2, Michiganin Principal Cities destination, we had to look into still

J nearer forms. Through our binoculars,

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cathedral Valley in all its charm was plainly visible.

We jolted down the mountain and over the ranch in the drainage area of Last Chance and Salt Washes.

These meager streams join to make

Starvation Creek, which empties into the Muddy River. At this time of

year, there was no water in sight.

Beyond the ranch, the desert floor was as dry as unbuttered corn bread.

We followed a saffron -hued reef on our right. A fluted white headband differentiated it from the mountain. The reef suddenly terminated

on a shelf of gray sandstone. A

barbed wire fence hung crazily in midair, reminding us that the shelf itself had weathered away. At our

feet lay a desolate clutter of triangular orange shapes, springing up helterskelter from the desert floor.

Exposed in the face of the reef was a black lava dike which marked a Yes, a class of only one student—YOU!

diagonal line southeastward to the BYU's Bureau of HOME STUDY inopposite side of Cathedral Valley. cludes such popular courses as history,

From the gray shelf we could see speech, religion (including geneathe lower end of the dike, looking for logy), English, education, accounting, all the world like a black dinosaur, and many more. Enroll now—TODAY!

.flicking its tail at our anachronistic Clip this coupon and..

approach, and scampering over the ridge to escape our presence. MAIL TO

We rode up the wash to find the EXTENSION DIVISION

BUREAU STUDY OF HOME stained formscathedrals—gigantic BRIGHAM UNIVERSITY YOUNG clouds movingdarker by the white PROVO, UTAH

swiftly behind them through a deep blue sky. The cathedrals themselves Name..

looked soft and yielding. Yet they Streethave proved themselves against time,

wind, and water. City & State

We made our way to the foot of PleaseUniversity'ssend 195253me withoutBureaucost ofBrighamHome YoungStudy a strangely eroded, narrow wall of catalog.

horizontal strata, composed of three spires. The middle one was lower

car the two. the other Fromthan Brigham Young University stand rod or only a two towe walked

at the base of the columns, or so we PROVO UTAH thought. We had seen the towers

from one side only. I edged toward

the brink of the gorge along the face of the westernmost spire. I caught

my breath. To my amazement, the

towering height had doubled. For

a second I wanted to cling to some friendly hand or ledge. The sky had

darkened with storm clouds. The

colors of the cathedrals had deepened.

Where I stood, there was no ledge that I could reach. I still was unable

to take my eyes from the floor below.

The narrow orange channel formed a still deeper level for Cathedral Valley.

I could see that from down there (Continued on following page) V-'-ViJ 'VrY<S

OCTOBER 1952 759 Southern Utah

(Continued from preceding page) one would have to tip his head far back to scan the entire face of this unearthly temple. It was triangular

in shape. Its edges were knifelike,

its angles sharp. Standing silently,

I seemed to hear Debussy's "green water"music from the Sunken Cathedral. The rhythmic pulse of an ancient sea might even then have been

lapping against the foot of this oncesubmerged cathedral. The patterned

sound might have been running through the narrow channel, either to the soft tone of purple night or crimson day.

For these columns have also borne the weight of water. They have

lifted gently, without folding or writhing in their geological birth.

Their thin bands of contrasting strata have been stained with pigments of iron, only to be bleached here and there to pale ivory. Through wind

and water they have become entirely individual in arrangement and shape.

It seemed that no spot could be so small, so intimate, and yet so stupendously grand as this recessed wash.

The storm was rising. We went

back to the auto. Circling toward

the entrance of the valley, I suddenly saw in a new light a great citadel of stone rising from the valley floor.

Three pyramids in shades of rosegold seemed to rest on top of the columned base in a perfect pattern for Mayan architecture. Four temples might have stood there instead

of three, had not one eroded almost entirely away. All three of the existing pyramids stood short of the apex.

One of America's Great Newspapers Sinceture forall theiroriginalpatterns,artistsit lookseemsto asnaif n(!fri)!i>i!aftO'; the ancient American race must have

S1 //SSSSSS\ done so. Though their ruins are

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE EARS found in gray stone, the Mayan in- \ JOLLY TIME J spiration might have come from justAids in treatment of Canker, simple such ruins as these.sore throat and other minor mouth POP CORN

and throat irritations. As we drove near the immense

columned pedestal, the temples seemed no less real. But now the HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah near face of each might have been a ()B()-iC()4 gigantic lyre on which the thunder of the gods was playing. Within the

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 4 k metallic limits of an hour's time since our arrival in the valley, the

KING'S REST YE MOTEL storm was lashing out in heavy chords 526 5TH STREET SOUTH Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner and brilliant flashes of fire. The altar

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager I prepared. a could almost see was CO. LAKE COSTUME SALT Mattresses Throughout 3-1031 Beautyrest Lake City - Dial of So. Main St, Salt processional 248 bronzeskinned wor760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

shippers toiling up through the colbetween the settlements of the region umns of the pedestal. said that he rode twentyfive miles

By the time we had reached the on horseback to go ahead five. "And,"

broad level of the plain, the sky was said he, "there are places which even again a canopy of blue. We could a horse cannot cross."An immense

have reached the Goblin Valley in a detour lay before us.

straight line of a little over thirty We made a jolting drive through miles. But in this country there is the Pinto Knolls—an almost unno such thing as a straight line of dibelievably weird and beautiful pocket

rection for even a single mile. The—out into the open country of the

earth is gashed and desolate. A MorFremont River. Eventually we left

mon missionary who once traveled (Continued on following page) painting with

fen 5e Ljood.. Stainless

Richard L. Evans Sheen

riLLiAM Penn is credited with the statement that "If men 1 On first hear- W be good, government cannot be bad."

ing, one may be inclined to challenge the idea altogether.

Certainly there would seem to be many exceptions. History

records innumerable instances where the will and wishes of RUBBI R-B SE WAll PAINT peoples have been swept aside. But despite the seeming exceptions, the persistence of any condition suggests that it

is made possible either by the positive promotion or the passive permission of a significant number of people. No

tyrant or misguided leader stands alone. No false way persists

without followers. And the fact that there is a sufficient

following is in itself evidence of a compromising condition on the part of the people. The very existence of tyranny,...less time to paint

of corruption, of abuse, of evil and excess, anywhere, anytime, is in itself an indication that somewhere along the line an... more time to relax

alarming number have relaxed their standards and their vigilance. Such things don't permanently and flagrantly HERE is your miracle interior

persist against the active and earnest opposition of a prefinish—beyond compare in colors,

ponderant part of the people. And William Penn's state* quality, durability and ease.

ment is both disturbing and challenging because it places Think of it—your entire room

the responsibility right back where it belongs, and takes some beautifully new in an hour or two.

pleasure from the prevalent and ageold practice of blaming Your furnishings all back in everyone else while sitting back and doing nothing about place only onehalf hour after in the lovely the practices that are complained of. It challenges us to application—

ask ourselves: What obligations and interests have we negbackground you've dreamed of!

lected? What vital things have we been too busy to bother 48 charming western colors you

with? What compromises of principle have we permitted? apply so quickly, velvetsmooth

What basic departures have we consented to for the promowith brush or roller. No priming,

tion of our own particular purposes? What situations have sealing or preliminary fuss—

we complacently assumed someone else would correct? At and no odor! Waterproof,

what abuses have we shrugged our shoulders? Admitting washable, for years. Before you

all the exceptions, admitting all situations in which people decorate—investigate!

are unwillingly imposed upon, still essentially, and in perAt Pabco dealers everywhere, spective, government, cities, societies are largely a reflection or send postcard for free color of people. And if there are abuses, if there are arrant evils, swatches and information to:

if there are flagrant departures from principle, we had better begin with an honest scrutiny of ourselves, and soberly look again at this sentence from William Penn: "If men be good,

government cannot be bad."*

1William Penn, Fruits of Solitude. SHEEN

Revised. Pabco Products, Inc.

475 Brannan St.

FROM TEMPLE SQUARE San Francisco 19

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 24, 1952 Copyright. 1952

OCTOBER 1952 761 SOUTHERN UTAH

(Continued from preceding page) of grass. Their statuary halls were

the dirt highway halfway between the utterly denuded of every living thing, towns of Hanksville and Green River and yet they themselves seemed so to find ourselves in the desert at the lifelike that it was hard to remember foot of Temple Mountain, east of the they had been carved by raindrops

Muddy River. We followed Stinking from the cold earth. Or should we

Spring Wash to the foot of Wild say from the warm earth? It was

Horse Butte. South of the Butte not exactly cool in the bake -oven

runs Wild Horse Mesa, where freethat had set these hands and arms, roaming mustangs are annually limbs and heads.

rounded up by plane. One really does feel weird enough

We knew exactly where we were, down there to say almost anything out in the middle of nowhere, lookor to talk to anything in sight. There's

ing for the Lost Valley of the Gobhardly a form that doesn't break into lins. Here were all our landmarks. life. The goblins staged a carnival

All we had to do was leave the stafor our benefit. They had painted

tion wagon at the base of Wild Horse themselves with a mudbrown brush,

Butte and fare forth on foot, up, which brightened to mustard and down, and over the ridges and washes light orange in the sunlight. Some

that corrugated the desert floor. We of them were comic strip charcrawled along the upper edges of acters in the round, amucing themknife-like fins. We sank our heels selves at our amazement. However,

into the soft, and yet dry, mudrock Min Gump and her sister have stood of the Entrada sandstone. back to back for countless years, reAt the head of the Lost Valley we fusing to speak to each other. Nearsaw carved from the mudrock two by, a trained seal was balancing a

See NECCHI at ZCMI sets of "outer sentinels"guarding platter on the end of his nose, but these precious goblins. Three men in Min was not amused. It remained

During Conference ancient armor, visors pulled down, for us to appreciate the performance.

armor fastened, stood at attention on But when we began to see dwarfs a pedestal that really had room for and gnomes, elves and sprites in the

Necchi is the one machine four sentinels. But, as Burnett clouds as well as in the circling forms

that really does all your Hendryx says, one of them has gone about us, we took a good look at each sewing without attachments. said, here."get "Let's other out of to dinner. and

with Buy it no down payre- Still, region the as we we left made our way down the side We - ment to 112 weeks pay.

of the last hill to stand in the very marked that this would not be our

ZCMI SEWING MACHINES midst of these weird forms. They last adventure in the littleknown

Second Floor had the valley to themselves. They valleys of the rainbowcolored terraces

were unchallenged by even a blade of Southern Utah.

LOVE YOU MORE

(Continued from page 725) ways. I'll put it on our bureau, and

Carefully she lifted it out, gazing our room will smell of flowers all the at Jit with astonishment and delight. time. Oh, Joe, thanks over and over

Never before had Joe bought her such again!"

a gift. Hitherto their presents to each "I sort of thought you'd like it,"

NEED EXTRA MONEY? other had always been strictly practiJoe beamed. "The minute I saw it I

Cards, Stationery Sell Christmas and Gift Items cal. Yet here was something absosaid to myself, 'That's for Vinnie.'"BIG PROFITS UP TO 50%

Send for actual samples on approval lutely foolish, absolutely unnecessary, At last they talked themselves out.

WRITE oh, so personal, absolutely and, slipper Cinderella in cradled loveThe SERVICE CO. CARD BOOK TODAY!AND

crystalhobnail, a little ly! It was Pico, Blvd., 8811 Whittier Calif. lap filled their nostrils Vinnie's with

L.D.S. Owned and Operated like slipper; a highheeled, highdelicious, delicate perfume. Love

arched, frivolous Cinderella slipper burned as true and steady in each wearing a smashingbig, pink tulle tonight, the other knew, as on that bow, and filled with something that fateful afternoon seven years ago.

smelled divine. Vinnie explored Life had resumed perspective—rich

further; the flowery little label read and full and fruitful despite its trials.

"Potpourri Sachet."Such a cute idea Now, from the edge of the garden an

and such a fascinating fragrance! unseen whippoorwill was repeating

"Joe, you darling! I never had over and over his plaintive, wistful

MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cat. anything so lovely. I'll keep it alcall, "whippoor-will, whippoor-

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will."It touched hearts already overflowing. "It's like an old song which rmakes you want to cry,"Vinnie obfor Every Age

served, listening.

"Not when you hear what I hear,"

Joe answered. "What's that, dear?"'Die BOOK

"Loveyou-more, loveyou-more,"Joe interpreted. "He's singing to us,

Vinnie."Joe, who usually showed

himself the practical realist, was toHelps in preparing for life; bedtime

aids, visual poems, prayersnight a poet. stories,

little in large, type for readable But Vinnie wasn't surprised—she folks.

knew her Joe. "Yes,"she agreed,

"you're right. I hear it now, too.

'Loveyou-more, loveyou-more.'And

those aren't sad words. It's the

sweetest, dearest song in the world."

They fell silent, dreaming together to the whippoorwill's clear, exquisite refrain, repeated over and over tireGrowing School children: Exlessly through the evening's cool stillgraphs,citing Biblemaps, Stories,Bible games.photoness, "Loveyou-more, loveyou-

more."EARNINGS

OPPORTUNITY The Church Moves On Our representatives, full or part time, find joy and (Concluded from page 704) prosperity in the Christian service they render by into the Union High School at Roosetroducingtheir income.THE TheBOOKsoulOFhungerLIFE. isManyeverywhere.have doubledYou

velt, Utah. can satisfy it. Let us show you how.

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Church workers, students, teachers and many others

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the have discovered a new and vital interest in distributing this great work while adding materially to their Bible History. Religiousbishops'storehouse at Gunnison, Utah. inYouth:art, Literary selection. come. recognize They acclaim and to its power lead for groups. Studychoicecourses Elder forVernon LeRoy Homman, people naturally young to accept Christ reject and

merly second counselor in the stake immoral influences tearing at wholesome living.

presidency, sustained as president of THE BOOK OF LIFE helps the whole family see the wonders of God's Holy Word. These 8 beautifulPanguitch Stake, (Utah) with Elders volumes the Bible make a for every age, living book ErnestJoseph Riggs Frank and Henry old. illustrations, young and 950 visual maps,

Orton as his counselors. President A. and many other helps. A treasury of spiritual wealthaidsLeland Elmer and his first counselor,—4100 pages.

Elder Jay Angus Riggs, were released. Booklet "Opportunity Plus"FREE on request

o h Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the Coun-

* cil of the Twelve and editor of INC. RUDIN JOHN & COMPANY Improvement EraThe high was paid

Worship Also Familyaids, Publishers helps Bible of STORIEStribute OF at of HYMNS WE LOVE a Sons Pioneers'Utah studies, Sundayfor parents,School: Devotionalhelps. Dept. L42 S. 5, III. Chicago 1018 in hisluncheon held Wabash honor. During

the time, Dr. Avard Fairbanks, dean of

the College of Fine Arts, University of

Utah, put the finishing touches on a bust of Dr. Widtsoe, which will beplaced in the Sons of Utah Pioneers'MINERhall of fame. *

A study, was released indicating that

L. at D. S. States students the United <f<<r.

Military at Annapolis a MIKE Academy had As*% #'. w better percenttwentytwo average than

their class average over the ten year "My industry, like any other busiperiod of the survey. And the greater ness, may be pictured as a balthe Church activity the better the grades ance scale, with a profit showing only when infor those Churchactive students. The come outweighs costs. It takes very little to tip

survey indicated that during the period the scales to the loss side. Cost increases of any

23.7 percent of all the students did kind... even any unjustified tax increase...

not graduate with their classes, comcan do it. Then my job is gone, and Utah people

pared with 18.7 percent of the L. D. S. lose the countless benefits of mine payrolls, tax

students. It indicated that 13.1 percent payments and supply purchases."

of all midshipmen failed scholastically, compared with 6.8 percent of the

L. D. S. midshipmen. UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION

OCTOBER 1952 763 RUBY H. MORGAN

Editor

t.. TODAY'S

your home and make you feel like

Will Spring Bring Flowers... For You? another Luther Burbank.

First on the bill: snowdrops. These

There will be flowers in your future bulbs in a bale of cloth sent from wee heralds of spring show up each next spring and in your garden, Constantinople. The bulbs were still year ahead of all the other blooms

too, but only if you plan for them rare outside the Middle East, and the and satisfy your yearning for winter's now. unsuspecting merchant, mistaking end. They should receive your first

For the budding gardener one them for a type of onion, reportedly attention, for they need the earliest pleasant way to achieve a spring show ate them with a dressing of oil and planting to arrive on time. Plant

of flowers is to plant bulbs. Nature vinegar. them between September 1 and Deapparently designed bulbs for those Thanks to the tireless research of cember 15, but the earlier the better.

whose thumbs are anything but the Holland bulb experts, you can For best results, plant near hemlock green. For bulb planting means tubring up a series of blooms from late or yew or any other place where they

lips, daffodils, hyacinths, and crocuses winter to early summer with the are not likely to be disturbed and next spring at the drop of a trowel flowers coming in like actors on cue. thus will thrive for more than one

now. An annual floral pageant of this kind season.

can become a permanent feature of Clumps of hardy Dutch crocus, The first and most essential step is to select your bulbs. Your local either in a gay yellow or in shades

dealer will have many imported from pure white to deep Bishop's varieties for your selection. The time purple, are perfect for rock gardens.

to select your bulbs is shortly before These, along with scillas, chionodoxa, you plant them, usually before the grape hyacinths, daffodils, and hyafirst of November. A good rule to cinths need early planting. Don't

remember is: plant your bulbs before forget the hyacinth because its rich

you cast your ballot! This rule apscent will perfume your entire garden.

plies to northern and midwest cliBlooming during the cool days of mates in particular. In the southern April, hyacinths often last for several

areas even January isn't too late, but weeks.

be sure to store the bulbs at a cool Gardeners new to the hobby usualtemperature, around 40 F. ly discover undisclosed artistic ability

Don't think you're the first person as they create patterns utilizing trees who ever thought a tulip bulb looked and flowers. Tulips can be combined

like an onion. Three hundred years For best results with tulips, bulbs with dogwood, cherries, almond, and

ago, before the Dutch had even should be planted six inches deep and fruit trees for a delightful scenic efstarted cultivating these exotic flowers, sixIt's inchesworth apart,measuring,to allowso yourfor foliage.ruler is fect or else ring an evergreen with a

an Antwerp merchant found a few standard garden equipment. deep circle of brilliant Darwins, using

Tulips look best in clumps of six, twelve, or more. One good method of planting is to dig a trench about six inches deep

in loose, porous soil, or with trowel or bulb digger scoop out holes about six inches deep. Place the bulbs down firmly,

pointed end up, and replace soil.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA all but the darkest shades for effectiveness.

never be planted should bulbs Tulip Cleanup lines or awkward thinin blocks. flow Id make fall

When in bloom, tulips look best in or more; six, twelve, ofgroups work with Tools a garden surrounding walks,garden edging more fiin, less

gate, and drifting in the foreground of shrubbery, lending a touch of Holland to your garden. fyeoyco

These versatile bulbs come in al- -V most every shade of the spectrum and f.

r in species that start with the conventional tulip shape 'and go on to v an almost bewildering variety of beautiful forms with intriguing names.

Tulips should be planted in October s*> or early November. Early flowering

types, such as the Kaufmannianas, will bloom in late March or early vj

April. Mayflowering types such as

Darwins, breeder, and cottage tulips will often last into the early summer.

thought as to when some Give you vTHE POPPY BARROW to appear, tulips and your yourwant

Barrow lightweight Poppy new dealer can suggest what to plant. The that little, carries so much so weighs

Plant bulbs six inches apart to allow you'll whisk through your fall cleanup for the spread of foliage. For evenmore easily than you thought possible!

ness of blooms, plant all bulbs at It carries four flats of seedlings at once—

the same level. wheelor 3 cu.forft. effortlessof topsoil;rolling,has a ballbearingand a wide

You've made your choice; you've rubber tire that won't mark your lawn.

wideset construction; allsteel Sturdy, you're ready paid your money; now

2'x 2'Stores in only tipping. legs resist

first step to plant. is to remove The

space. floor

the top soil to a depth of about six inches. Do this when soil will pulverBOYCO GARDEN TOOLS

ize readily. If convenient, dig the

a rake takes 1. Scientificallybalanced area a few days in advance of plantash off your hands. Longlasting load

ing to allow the soil to drain well handle, solidforged head.

and settle. Two or three inches is 2. Cultivator has sharp, forged steel

enough for the minor bulbs such as points for easy working of soil.

snowdrops, crocuses, and grape sharp—goes3. Spading intofork groundis springy,effortlessly.rugged and

hyacinths. -- L--.----—.-L-..... 4. Digging is simpler with this sharp,

Next step is to insert the bulbs in highcarbon steel shovel. Has springy

handle. their respective beds, pointed up. ash

5. This Boyco hoe is a weeding wizard

Press the base of each bulb firmly because it has a sharp, rugged solidagainst the bottom of the hole in forged head.

fork lasts manure Sturdy, heattreated which it rests. Daffodils, tulips, and 6. compost, Fine for turning a lifetime.

narcissi should be planted about the spreading mulch.

same depth—six inches.

** STfU Now press the soil over each bulb until the last one is covered, smooth 5.1 6. 1

off the bed, and your chores are Garden f. Borrow Brand for and BOYCO the Poppy done. Look

or Feed Nursery, Hardware, at your Tools

Holland bulb growers, with three Department Store hundred years of experience behind J"pass them, on to you these hints for UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS bulb gardening: good

DIVISION First, always buy your gardening UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY materials, including your bulbs, from 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF

a reliable dealer, selecting large, sleek, firm bulbs. Order early to be as- *Jllit;;mm

sured of the best selection of imported (Concluded on page 773) OCTOBER 1952 765 Questions About Dating

by Rex A. Skidmore

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

What is Considered a Successful dered about them. Two kinds of

Date? "blind dates,"—the arranged date

to be the "pickup"and date—need if it is successful date is mutually

it first, although considered. The

if enriching; that is, both the boy

limitations, is generally regarded has A and girl enjoy each other's asas all right. It is arranged by a

sociation. A date is not successful mutual friend who knows both the

if one or both go out for selfish, selfboy and girl, and who usually tries centered reasons. As youth are able to get two people together who will

other each and have enjoy knowing BEST FROZEN eachto shareother,andtheydo feelthingscomfortablewith and andfor Successful time. marriages a good

is enjoyable. date usually

first resulted meeting from have MEAT "PRESERVERS"the is successful date when the as- A of this kind arrangement. through

in Your Kitchen! sociation is on a high plane and the However, some cautions need to be

standards and rights of each are rekept in mind. It woudn't do for a

spected. Certainly the boy who tries boy or girl to let just anyone arrange

to force his affections on a girl is un- a date for him. Selection and discrefair to her as well as to himself. Girls

tion are important twin guideposts should likewise respect the standards for successful dating.

of their bov friends. The "pickup"date is frowned up-

A date is successful when wholeon from nearly every angle. Alsome activities are participated in and though some thrill or curiosity seems

both boy and girl feel good about to motivate this kind of practice, many the whole affair. It need not be exof these dates turn out disastrously.

pensive. In fact, some of the best Girls who let themselves be picked

dates cost nothing or very little up on the street are openly inviting walks, talks, attending Church, pictrouble. Boys who go around picknics, sports,.watching TV, or listening up such girls are likewise stepping

ing to the radio. on dangerous ground.

Are "Blind Dates"All Right? It is not wise to entrust yourself

to any "knight of the road"even

Some young people have gone on though his armor appears to be "blind dates,"and others have wonshiny.

AT LOCKER PLANT OR GROCER.

Try Western Lockerap, a leader in the mediumpriced field, or Western Lockerfoil, a new, laminated foil and paper wrapper. Both preserve the natural juices

and flavor in frozen meats. Protect your

frozen food investment...wrap right with

the RIGHT wrap.

27 9 u""e, \otW P P pV H**""

WESTERN WAXED PAPER DIV.

ZELLERBACH CORPORATION CROWN—Photograph by Reeves from Alonkmeyer

LOS ANGELES LEANDRO PORTLAND SAN

A date is successful when wholesome activities are participated in and both boy and girl feel good about the whole affair.

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Time Should TeenAgers Come In?

Much understanding is needed by DY this regarding teenagersparents and - to free to feelquestion. want Youth E N GETNS& M M Parents, choose. as theygo and come For 195253 Basketball

concerned about the welfare of their Competition children, can't help worrying when that hot- "soupedupthey know LOOK! WOULD YOU LIKE are loose drinkersrods"some and on SATIN

the streets. Probably the most im- A BALLportant thing is for the teenagers BASKETBALL THAT LASTS LONGERin the family to talk the problem over UNIFORMS WILLMORENOTWEARPEEL-

see to all trying their parents,with COSTS NO MORE as $4.45 As low

this, sides, workboth and through BALLS? REGULAR Prices) THAN (Special Team arrangeagreeable mutuallyout a

ment. If youth feel they have a

part in the decisions that are made, OFFICIAL LASTBILT they are more likely to abide by them BASKETBALLS than if they feel something has been thrust upon them. In the discus- "CONVERSE"SHOES SEAMSEALED

it is profitablesion, often to conother young peoplesider what and Place Your Orders at OFFICIAL their parents have worked out as being reasonable cominghome hours BASKETBALLfor different kinds of dates. Come In and See It—Now!

Some parents forget the hours they SpoilUwaGoocUu themselves kept when courting. BENNETT'S,LOGAN HARDWAREOgden BENNETT'S,CO., LoganProvo

Sometimes they think that youth IDAHOEASTSIDEGLASSPAINT& PAINTCO., CO.,IdahoPocatelloFalls

cannot be trusted and are entirely TWIN FALLS GLASS & PAINT CO.

irresponsible. On the other hand, 65 W. First South Salt Lake City

youth sometimes think their parents are "old fogies"when in actuality they are far from it. Together they

need to talk it over and work out ALL-O-WHEAT what seems best. The program will cereal

vary from family to family. Along 3

with the decision reached, there should be a basic trust in each other, which usually pays big dividends;

trust nourishes trust. Both parents and It is made from the

youth need to be reasonable, underfinest whole wheat standing, and trusting regarding the and contains ALL the nutrition time the teenager comes home after and goodness of the ENTIRE a date. wheat kernel!

SERVE YOUR FAMILY lots of HANDY HINTS this complete Breakfast Cereal

If you are plagued with mosquitoes or "Seven delightful differences,"says Julie other insects at night when lights are Bennell, star of her TV show on on, you can rid your home of them in WFAATV, Dallas. "Faultless Starch

a few minutes. Turn out lights in all is different 7 ways: 1. The delightfragrance your different makesrooms except one ceiling light to attract fully 2. It's so smell clean and sweet. wash

the pests. rlook up your vacuum cleaner, easy to measure accurately each time.

remove brush, and use hose end to 3. Make perfect hot or cold starch in

suck in insects. Mrs. B. J. M., Ogden barely a minute! 4. So clear! No People keep using ALL-O-WHEAT beUtah. specks or globs of starch to scorch cause it protects their health and tastes

under your iron. 5. Faultless Starch so good.

If you have a home freezer or frozen contains ironing aids to help make food locker, save waxed milk cartons ironing a joy—not a job. 6. So low in

for storing frozen fruit, vegetables, tocost! Less than a penny a quart of

mato juice, etc. Empty cottage cheese medium starch. 7. Faultless Starch

containers and round ice cream cartons penetrates each tiny fiber—gives a

rich feel. All your smooth, washwith tightfitting lids are also fine for

Faultless. absolutely looks I recomthis purpose. K.F.L., Salt Lake City, mend this delightfully different

Utah. Faultless Starch."

OCTOBER 1952 767

How to Beat the High Cost of Eating

by Katherine Johns

Everybody's talking about the high powder costs between thirty -five and cost of eating, but we were a forty cents, depending on location family driven to do something and the market. It can be purchased

about it. With food prices going up at health food stores or grocery

and up and income steady at its stores. With the addition of three

former level, our family budget was cans of evaporated milk for richness, rapidly becoming unbalanced. In it makes approximately twelve quarts

fact, if we were to remain solvent, of milk. It is as high in food nusomething would have to be done trients as fresh milk, except for low

about the high cost of eating. fat content, and it makes little difAttacking the problem in a purely ference in the flavor of cream sauces,

housewifely fashion, I have been able gravies, sherbets, puddings, or custo roll back our grocery bill to a reatards. It makes a delicious and nutrisonable figure. However, a low tious cold drink, by adding one teafood budget must not, and need not, spoon of blackstrap or unsulphured

lead to a diet low in nutrition. The molasses to one glass of milk.

nutrition experts agree that in spite The skim milk powder also makes of the proportionately large amount a dessert topping, and can be subof income the American family spends stituted for whipped cream in recipes.

on food, many people are inadePut onefourth cup water and one quately fed from a nutritional standteaspoon lemon juice in a bowl; add

point. Alarmed by this startling fact, one -fourth cup skim milk powder and

Mr. and Mrs. Citizen rush out to buy beat until stiff; chill for several hours;

expensive vitamin pills and mineral then fold or beat in sugar and vanilla.

MAKERS supplements, which they swallow 4. The use of powdered brewer's

more or less consistently to suppleyeast, the inexpensive way to put the

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS ment their inadequate and expensive "B"vitamins in the diet. Celerydiets. flavored yeast can be added to toThe problem of how to keep the mato juice, meat loaves, and soups.

It is available at health food stores. GRIND YOUR OWN FLOUR cost low and nutritional standards

high may be partially solved by: The rest of the story of lowcost

WITH A 1. The extensive use of ground eating can be told under the headings

whole wheat. Buy the wheat from a of careful shopping, judicious planPRECISION

feed store, screen and clean it, and ning, and just plain work.

ELECTRIC grind it in a hand gristmill. I obtained It is usually cheaper to buy canned

FLOUR a mill from a secondhand store. For foods in case lots, or at least three

MILL five dollars I have enough wholecans at a time, provided you have wheat flour and meal to last a year. the storage space. Purchase unthis "Fresh in yeast quantity for baking ground I use shelled walnuts the bushel, by and flour wheat has

delicious for pancakes, bread; making flavor a not apples, potatoes, oranges, and grapein flour found raisin bread; muffins and brown and stored for any fruit the sack. by

time. length of If finely cereal. breakfast for cooked greater The

part of Vitaflour the can ground, wholewheat is lost min "E"a week after be used in cakes, cookies, shortcake, grinding. bleaching gas The and pastry.

commonly addto ed both 2. The use of brown rice. Rice is also destroys white and wholewheat flour

vitamins. When

these vitamins, they cattleshoware fedno harmfulgrains withouteffects one of the cheapest foods available, until they drop suddenly."dead (See and brown rice is one of the most

"Science,"104, Vol. P. 312.) No. 2701,

nearly perfect foods from a nutritional

Protect Your Health NOW standpoint. Cooked in milk with

trial 'with 30day MoneyBack Guarantee raisins, it makes a good breakfast INQUIRIES PROMPTLY ANSWERED

Grinds>/3 H.P.flourHeavy5 sizesDutyandMillguaranteed$95.00 and1 yearup cereal; cooked in fruit juice, a desFor full information write or call sert; cooked in broth, a delicious

HEALTH APPLIANCE CO. pilaff. It is also good served plain,

230 West Logan, UtahPhone1st North 1420NW and is used in many casserole and

Name onedish meals.

Address 3. The useof powdered skim milk.

City & State.. I use this to make all my cooking

milk. One pound of skim milk

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Anyone wishing to cut the high foods serves lowcost of eatingcost Can't Buy Njou cabbage, as onions, suchin quantity, Bettercelery, beets, carrots, turnips, pars- W nips, squash, green beans, and other vegetables in inexpensive seasons. for Your

The cheaper vegetable fare need not Baby become monotonous if one is on the alert for novel ways of preparing them. Magazines are full of new adventures with vegetables, such as

poached cabbage in milk, served with chopped parsley, and molassescandied parsnips. You could never give your

Buy fresh fruit abundantly when in baby milk that is easier to diseason, and use raisins, dried prunes, gest... or more uniform or

in galfruit (buy waterpackedand... than SEGO EVAPOpie, safer sauce, fruit to makelon tins),

cobblers, and turnovers. Canning RATED MILK.

your own fruit, when in season, is also economical.

Meat Shortcuts 9 You couldn't give your baby milk that It goes without saying that anyone does more to help with a low food budget should select build sound bones and cheaper cuts of meat and make the teeth—because SEGO

most of them. A pot roast makes MILK provides the

three meals: First, serve the roast amount of vitamin D

with vegetables; then serve something babies need to make

as remote as possible from pot roast the best of growth.

for the next dinner; serve the remains

of the roast the following day in a meat and vegetable pie with a wholewheat biscuit topping; then there is

another day's respite from the roast;

whatever is left is made into hash Good milk for your baby? Money

for the last dinner. The intervening couldn't make it better. For money

dinners help to eliminate the avercouldn't buy those years of experision to leftovers, should there be any. ence that have made SEGO MILK

Likewise, a piece of boiling beef so good for babies.

is the basis for a New England boiled dinner for the first meal; then a

meat and vegetable souffle; and the

third day make vegetable soup from the broth. The large end of a beef

tongue is braised with vegetables;

the rest is cooked with fresh spinach;

and serve it sliced cold the third day, with hot potato salad.

Casserole and onedish meals which require only a fragment of meat, or none at all, are a boon to the economically-minded meal planner. Onehalf pound or three -fourths of a

pound of hamburger or ground beef will serve five or six generously.

Ask your doctor VegetableMeat Roll about SEGO MILK

Yield: 5 to 6 servings

Bake: 350 F. for 60 minutes

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1952 769

How to Beat the

High Cost of Eating

(Continued from preceding page)?ack I. Stuffing tmiK

2 cups soft, wholewheat bread crumbs 1 cup raw grated carrots I 1 cup finely cut celery, leaves and stalk LUNCH WITH 2 tablespoons grated onion 1 teaspoon salt dash of pepper 3 tablespoons melted drippings ENERGYSaute vegetables in melted drippings until limp, not brown, then add seasonings and bread crumbs.

II. Roll y4 pound hamburger!/4 cup yellow corn meal

1 egg, beaten l/4 teaspoon salt }/4 teaspoon pepper 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce y4 cup milk or tomato juice Y2 can (4 oz.) tomato sauce

) TWl DARK, BREAD "WATS WFRE>VTj j Combine all ingredients and mix well. Line a loaf tin with half the

meat mixture, press in stuffing, and cover the top with the other half of meat mixture, shaping like a loaf. Bake

in oven 350 F. for 40 minutes. Pour

onehalf can tomato sauce over top and bake 20 to 30 minutes longer.

Tamale Loaf

Yield: 5 to 6 servings

Bake: 350 F. for 60 minutes

You are invited to make the your UTE HOTEL permanent NEW 1 yellow corn meal cup BIBLE BEST YOUR BUY! in Salt City, You'll Lake home milk find it 3 cups

Here's Bible a beautiful for stuadvanced offers at very advantages many 1 salt teaspoon in the dents traditional King version. James cost. moderate

60,000 center column references, presentation page, family record, Bible study aids, I. Heat milk in double boiler; add salt,

concordance, atlas, full color maps, flexible and stir in corn meal slowly. Cook

covers. Ask for No. 163 in black leather.. 20 minutes.

it's best Bibles in your buy No. hamburger pound 1 63 RL same as 163 with words of Christ l/2

in red. fine 1 onion, chopped

Deluxe Gift Editions—Nos. 164 and 164 RL 1 clove garlic (optional)

(red letter) contain 64 Hardy illustrations in l!/2 teaspoon chili powder (less if defull color.

sired) Y2 teaspoon pepper y2 teaspoon salt 1 cup canned or fresh corn solid pack tomatoes (or sliced 1 cup bibles national fresh tomatoes) BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION 2 eggs, beaten black olives, pittedChurchEARNINGS workers, students,OPPORTUNITY teachers and many others concerned with furthering prin- $50 CHRISTMAS CARDS $75 Christian ciples skillet; are discovering the in hot a profitable hamburger new II. Brown and way Cash! For Yourself or Organizationof doing so as our representatives. have Many salt garlic, onion, and chopped adddoubled their income. find too You can Sell joy and ALLOCCASION and CHRISTMAS Up CARDS.

prosperity right in your to profit. or enjoy community price list for own today Send 100% chili and sampepper, powder. add and Thentravel. Don't! this miss ples challenge approval. on of a lifetime

Others making up to $6,000 or more annually. corn, tomatoes, beaten eggs, and

See our large advertisement, page 763. Write for QUALITY SALES COMPANY"Opportunity Plus."BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH stir this mixture into corn meal

JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY INC. (Stock advanced to Organizations) mixture. Cook slowly for 5 or 6

1018 S. Wabash Dept. C42 CKicago 5, III. minutes. Pour into greased loaf

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tin or casserole dish; press olives

into top of loaf. Bake 60 minutes at

350 F.

Time Savers

Still more good ideas are noodles served with stew meat and tuna fish;

a macaronimushroom mixture with tomatoes and cheese; various kinds of

baked beans, such as Boston or kidneybeans, topped with melted cheese; the difference

the old standby, Spanish rice; and a

ricesausage casserole dish which requires only a half pound of sausage forfive or six servings. All these dishes Milk

are good to put in the oven before going out for the afternoon. SausageRice Casserole makes!

Yield: 5 to 6 servings

Bake: 350 F. for 3 hours

Y2 pound sausage 1 clove garlic (optional) % cup chopped celery!/4 cup grated onion

3/4 cup brown rice Vi CUP noodles 3 cups water 2/4 cup chopped almonds 2 chicken bouillon cubes

Brown sausage, stirring to break into pieces; then pour off excess fat. Add

the onions, garlic, celery, and rice; and;ach pound

arecook until vegetables limp, but contains thenot bouilnoodles, brown. Add water,

intolon cubes, greased and pour casNon Fat Milk serole. hour; one Bake add almonds

and stir well. Continue baking until Solids ofrice is tender and liquid absorbed,—

about two hours longer. 7 OUNCES Sausage Roll OFMM

Yield: 5 to 6 servings Bake: 425 F. for 15 minutes MORE FOOD VALUE

pound sausage'Y2 BETTER FLAVOR saltY2 teaspoon y2 teaspoon poultry seasoning or sage 1 recipe of baking powder biscuit dough MilkImproved Table Queen (using 2 cups wholewheat flour)

Brown sausage in hot skillet; add salt costs no more than ordinary bread

and seasoning. Drain off excess fat

and save for gravy. Roll biscuit dough

to onehalf inch thickness, spread Quick, Easy Way todrained sausage on dough, and roll up A Great Missionary roll.as jelly you would a Pinch

ends in together bake hot oven and the Saga STOP"IT DOESN'TSMOKINGCOST - IT PAYS"with no stop smoking you can (425 F.) until brown, or about 15 Now

first easily, the very comfortably, day—oreffort,

minutes. Serve with gravy or sauce your money refunded. The recent medical

read about NICO-—have discovery you drippings. sausage frommade harmless, nonabsolutely guaranteed STOP,

phyEndorsed forming. In The Gospel toxic, nonhabit by gravy proportion is one table- A good

thousands. successfully sicians. by Usedspoon drippings, 2 tablespoons flour, and your druggist's or mail coupon today forAt

about available sizes and information freeone cup milk made from skim milk Net guarantee. moneyback

powder. by Elder John A. Widtsoe NICOSTOP,Please sendDept.free A,informationSaint Helena,and Calif.prices.

Ham and Vegetable Casserole Name.

Wherever Church books Address2 slices ham (or pieces to cover top and bottom of casserole dish) are sold City -...State.

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1952 771 How to Beat the

High Cost of Eating

(Concluded from preceding page) carrots potatoes onions milk

Place one slice of ham in the bottom of casserole dish, then fill with sliced vegetables. Place slice of ham on top

of vegetables. Add milk to within an

inch from the top of dish and bake slowly until vegetables are done. Baking

takes one to \ l/2 hours depending on size of vegetables and cooking quality of potatoes.

Cabbage Rolls

Yield: 4 cabbage rolls

Bake: 350 F. for 30 minutes

Parboil the outside leaves of cabbage for 5 minutes and stuff with the following meat dressing and bake:

!/3 pound hamburger

Va cuP onion, chopped finely l/4 cup celery, cut finely 1 cup wholewheat bread crumbs Y4 cup (2 oz.) tomato sauce

1 teaspoon salt mm!!/

Y2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce!/3 cup tomato juice

Mix the ingredients. Divide into four

Why Share Your Space portions and roll up in each cabbage with a Swinging Door? leaf, securing with toothpicks. Place

in baking dish, pour tomato juice into a "MODERNFOLD"bottom of dish, and bake 15 minutes door takes none at 350 F. Pour tomato sauce over top

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING of rolls and sprinkle with cheese. Bake

BEAUTY NEW COLORFUL RIGID OF STEEL 15 minutes longer. -STRENGTH

MOVABLE WALLS the doors that fold Hearty Soups like an accordion There are also hearty allin- a-meal 111 n ili: rn In Id soups such as vegetable minestrone,

split pea, onion, and navy bean soup;

corn chowder, clam chowder, and poare soups these tato chowder. When

For demonstration write or phone a or salad a crisp with accompanied salad rich in protein, special homemade 1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN SALT LAKE CITY bread, and a dessert, you have an enPhone 7-1531

joyable and satisfying meal.

Please your free send me booklet entitled By spending a few hours in the kitfor Living"IE 10 Space "More

NAME chen each week doing such things as baking bread, making hot rolls, muffins,

Address pastry, cookies, salad dressings, and

City. State. mayonnaise, food expenses can be cut

still more. There is something infinitely satisfying in loaves of homebaked

DRINK bread with its crisp tender brown crust and the permeating aroma of all home baking. fic<J A delightful

Thus, our family food dollar is for those hot beverage who don't drink coffee. stretched, and eating, even lowcost eatAT YOUR GROCERS HULMAN & COMPANY. TERRE HAUTE, IND. ing, can still be fun.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Will Spring Bring Flowers?

(Concluded from page 765) bulbs and keep them in a cool, dry place until ready for planting.

Second, plant them in welldrained soil before frost hardens the ground, placing them at the correct depths.

Your dealer will supply you with charts showing correct planting methods.

Third, plant your bulbs in any part of your garden. There's a place for

them almost everywhere, whether used for mass plantings, groups, or borders.

Fourth, if you're really ambitious, you can cover the soil with a layer

Praises speed and convenience of Active Dry Yeastof mulch, leaves, or straw, just after the surface of the soil is frozen, removing this in the early spring. This Wins Top Cooking Honors at State Fair

step is not absolutely necessary.

too!"convenient, so daughter Darand Son Kenneth Fifth, sit back, relax, and wait for ribbons Mrs. lene blue convenient Dry admire the this more Try

spring to arrive, with the gratifying Erwin Allen has won in cooking Yeast yourself... learn its advanpleasure of seeing your handiwork contests. Last year at the Eastern tages over oldstyle cake yeast.

State Fair she took 3 first Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeastblooming before your eyes—your own Idaho

private flower show! prizes and 2 seconds! keeps for months on your pantry

As a busy mother and a prizeshelf—and it's so easy to use.

winning cook, Mrs. Allen praises When you bake at home, use

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. yeast. And use the best—Fleisch-

"It's so speedy,"she says. "And mann's Active Dry Yeast.

The Chiseler

(Continued from page 721) truck was low on fluid. Maintenanceis taking care of it."IT'S FOOLISH TO PAY

No reprimand for Joe. It wasn't

Dan Arthur's way. Kind words instead for Marvin Dial. "This Dial

seems pretty sharp,"he mused.

"Could be, he's going places with the company."He rubbed a handover his jaw. "Did he tell you he's FOR FLOOR WAX

entering the quicksilver race come

iSaturday?"AEROWAX is so uniformly good it comes to

you from the makers with a guarantee of I

The news rocked Joe like a belt satisfaction—or your money back. Yet... I

on the chin. The quicksilver race you SAVE more than 2 5 on every pint. I

was an annual event at the compicnic. Prize to apany huncame ffie A&k, - flask AEROMtX'/s adred dollars. out You drew

of mercury weighing exactly seventygoodwaxtftaf JlmxSSb, minesix pounds. Didn't matter what flask m

you picked; they all weighed the

same. The man who lugged his load SAVtsyot,

fiftythe strenuous broke yards and OX*ft even****the tape took the money. had Joe

always figured he was too small to on layer, sitesftry. A heavy man always won. But

Dial wasn't much heavier than

...Joe. BBING WAX grinned. Joe "I might sign up /IEROMIX

myself—"of 3-INONE.OIL the Makers by glinted. frosty eyes Made The other's Th"S2IL. "<"- "> tin.,. House!""of hoped Kind you might."Thought

OCTOBER 1952 The Chiseler (Continued from preceding page) CRAWFORD you would. Guess I ought to warn

you, though—Dial was quite an ath- /UARVELUFT'

lete in his college days."DOORS

What if he had been an athlete? THE DOOR THAT LIFTS FREE

There were tricks to the quicksilver AHD EASY AT EITHER SIDE race. There was the shoulder carry,

carry, the back the arm carry. Two LAWSUITS years Victor ago had Holmgaard

FREQUENTLY FOLLOW won the race using the breast carry.

to of a flask run with mercury free, ACCIDENTS Tryas if were running you you and

it's too accident an happens When wore yourself out in the first twenty

... late to insured wish you were

and good intentions won't take yards. The quicksilver race was one

the place of protection when it place where Joe Kovac thought he to settlement. ask your So comes

your might come in ahead of Marvin Dial. review AGENT to local KOLOB

auto insurance policy, and to show During the following days he posplaces other where you you RADIO ELECTRIC CONTROLLED practise, Dial heart watched and his sibly protection. a repreAs need ALL FOR OPERATORS DOOR

sentative the Intermountain of sank. fellow carried the The OF flask MAKES DOORS. GARAGE

largest West's insurance general assure of he can agency strong, on his back in a natural carry posiATOPENSA TOUCHAND OFCLOSESTHE FINGER.DOORS

stock company policies, all types of tion. And he was good. He was so

insurance and prompt, fair settlegood that he could compete with the Crawford MarvelLift Door is 1he garage door first and only to be industry's highest honor, ment of claims. old hands on their own terms. But awarded

Dial was suspicious. the Merit Award of the American

"How can you be sure everybody's Society of Industrial Engineers.

fair?"playing he demanded. "You CRAWFORD DOOR SALES CO. a scale should have handy to check

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. the weight of the flasks before the 155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531*

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City race."

"You can sure tell the difference between a man running with an empty flask and one running with a full../SHORTHAND one. Nobody could bluff the—IN 6 WEEKS "I don't mean that. Suppose a V

guy took out just enough mercury Free Demonstration to give him an edge—say, five or ten signs.FamousNoSpeedwritingsymbols. Nosystem.machines.Uses ABC's.ThousandsNo

pounds. It wouldn't be noticed. ofNewSpeedwritersclasses beginin businesstwice monthly.and civil Dayservice.or

You'd have to have a scale to check. evening. Low cost.

Even five pounds light would be a affiliatedwith big advantage."

It's Easy To Earn $50 or More With to started explain, then Joe changed School o{ B*ui*u H E R 45 E NAGEAST 4-7791 BROADWAY PHONE his "It surprise mind. you,"he may &&&&wi\sim CARDS for free booklet Speedwriting. Write about said folks slowly, "to that most know

SCHOOL BUSINESS OF are honest.Think I doubt if any could what you do $50. man with

Salt in 45HENAGER City, East Broadway, Lake Utah to that make much and the the top brass plant from down the Please free easy send of It'smoreeasy Stylart a copy way. me the SpeedYou

need experience. no booklet, Just with free sample lesson. on would by chiseling. This writing to win wantfolks you and know showcallthem

. Nameappealing moneymaking sam- f Dial."gang, is a goodpies send you approval. on Address we

SellBig Values on Sight As Joe had said, there was no City Zone State - willEverybody stunningbuy our assortments of 21 lovely Christmas checking the load. Before the picat onlyCards $1. make You $50

boxes! Personalized for on nic signed each had up who man

... low moulded Cards100 as 'Unbreakable box,justmas $1 per Christmany

extraother moneymakers. Send flask the race a of mercury. out drew Lightglass. to look like J forcoupon Assortments

free. noise Ecoweight, approvalon fulland Personalized facts,FREE it After picnic the back. brought he

itsamples. now! Do height. Standard nomical.

NIZATI treasNSO RGA O dealer. your from still Order suspicious Dial as he drew was fast, checkury Stylart's fillforyour coupon: To

plan.proven SPECIAL fundraising OFFER WRITE TODAY! flask. his out hefted each one He in $1.25SB 167Doz.....,....

lot trial $1.00 Mail of for

collection the shed. id. SAMPLES! postpa sent FOR one dozen MAIL NOW

its BRASS GOODS7!!}. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. STYLART1717 W. NinthCARDSt., LosCO.,AngelesDept.55,320Calif. "The company wouldn't cheat

Please send approval and meFREEmoneymakingPersonalized facts,samples.Assortments on customers,"Joe pointed out. "They

all weigh the same."

Read and Keep "Suppose somebody gets one that

I CITYZONE starts leaking before the race?"The Improvement Era

D Check box if for an organization. U "That's happened, too. He comes 12 Issues $2.50

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA back and gets a good one. You'll

have the same privilege."

After the first five yards of the race Joe Kovac knew he was outclassed. The seven beefy men who'd

run the race year after year forged ahead. Joe kept moving, a lumbering, stooping walk with the flask

balanced on his shoulder. He wanted

to turn, see where Dial was. But

he knew he couldn't take the chance.

The last few yards were plain agony. Sweat pouring from every

pore, he crossed the line, dropped his flask and whirled to see where Dial was. His jaw slackened.

The other was still fifteen yards from the finish. He ran a step or

two and fell down. Getting up, he

walked a step or two and fell down.

The terrific pounding that he took

ITwould have stopped a lesser man. WISHING WON'T DO

But Dial was game. You had to give IYf+ BUT SAVING WILL!

him that. Knowing he was the last Member of Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

man in, he kept coming, not quitting till he crossed the line.

Holding out his hand to Joe, he puffed, "I didn't expect to have allthat trouble. Guess there's more to ZION'S SAVINGS BANK

running a race with a jug of quickTRUSTsilver than I knew—

Ufah's Main COMPANYFirst Chartered Savings Bank ANDat South Temple "Quite a bit more,"said Joe, not taking the outstretched hand.

Dial looked perplexed. When the

rest of the gang drew off in groups and he was left alone, he turned back to Joe. "What's the matter with

everybody?"he asked. "There's no

disgrace in coming in last. If I'd as youfeequit halfway through because I wasbeat, I could understand—

Suddenly, Joe was sorry for. him. as you Save

He hadn't intended to explain. He BY

did anyway. "There's a funny thingabout quicksilver,"he said. "Take a GREYHOUND

full flask of the stuff, and you can run, jump, do what you please with Fall's Best of All—

it. But if your flask isn't full—if it For that Vacation Triphas a free surface, it'll knock you

down every time you jostle it. That's anywhereTake your choicein America,'of vacationand Greyspots

why we never bother to weigh the hound will take you there for LESS flasks."You're—in airconditioned comfort.

Dial's face reddened, and he Right There See your friendly Greyhound Agent for Free Tour Folder.dropped his eyes. Without a word with. a.. full color,wammthree dimenhe swung on his heel and headed tosional pictures of American

ward town. scenic beauty. Hundreds of

Dan Arthur came over to where reels—each with seven magJoe stood. "I expect he'll find himself nificent pictures.

a job somewhere else,"he said, nodWrite for Free Catalog f ding toward the receding figure. "Alamusesways me how a chiseler won't PHOTO aever take chance. If he hadn't

poured off some of his mercury, he MATERIALS CO.

might have won,, you. know."2 7 West So Temple Ph.3-1404 "Yeah?'sighed Joe. "I know."SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. GRSYHOUNOCTOBER 1952 775

OWL

AN ENVIABLE RECORD Korea Dear Editors:

Artelle Arnesen, daughter of Mr. and IsiiiffiWi I"am writing to express my appreciation and thanks for the

Mrs. Arthur E. Arnesen, is a Mia Maid * many hours of comfort and relaxation I get from reading

from Bonneville Ward, Bonneville The Improvement Era. I feel that you are publishing a re-

(Utah) Stake. She has made an markable work, in that you are helping people gain a more

enviable record in the L.D.S. girl's prothorough knowledge of the gospel, and also apply those wongram. For the past three years, since derful principles to modernday problems.

she first entered Mutual, she has had I have gained much peace of mind myself from such articles perfect attendance and participation to as "Spirituality and Armed Conflict,"by Professor William E.

achieve the one hundred percent indiBerrett, in the May issue of the current year.

vidual award. I intended this to be a short note, but could not help expressing

Whenever Artelle has been on a trip my thanks for the wonderful work you are doing....

it her with family, has necessary been for to find them L.D.S. an Church so I/s/am CharlesrespectfullyL. Crawyours,

Artelle services can attend to maintain fine her record. Recently the family

Artelle Arnesen Brighton, Massachusetts drove ninetyone miles, from ValSun ley to Arco, Idaho, in order to get to Dear Editors:

Sunday School and testimony meeting. I"have been engaged for five years in the compilation of the

This outstanding Mia Maid also has a straight A record in * Vital Statistics of the Hamhlin Family, a work which I hope junior high school. to soon bring to publication.

During the past few months I have been in contact with a

Alice, Texas great many of the members of the Hamblin family in the West,

Dear Editors: all of whom are members of the L.D.S. Church.

Phe Improvement Era first came to us with the compliments I am simply amazed at the interest the Latterday Saints *- of the high priests'group, Sugar Ward, North Rexburg show in genealogy. Every family member to whom I have

(Idaho) Stake. written for family data has given excellent cooperation and

The missionaries who were here at the time arranged it, above all a real friendly welcome.

thinking my husband might be interested in reading it, though Is this spirit fostered by the L.D.S. Church? If so, I wish

he would not take time to read the Book of Mormon, and other every person in the country learned a little from you.

books of your Church. The compilation of genealogical data is generally a thankless

He did read it a little at first, and it helped to nurture a job, but I must say here and now, I have been really repaid friendly feeling in him toward the Church. But I am the one in my "Mormon"contacts by real friendship.

who reads it most, and it has meant a great deal to me. It has Thank you, Hamblins, and thank you, Church of the Latterbeen like a welcome friend coming each month to visit and tell day Saints.

me about your Church, your people, and your country. Now 1 /s/ C. Franklin Hamblen

almost feel that I know some of you personally. I have especially liked the stories (and pictures) of your President and

other leaders. Though I never have "enough time to read,"Fort Worth, Texas

and good reading matter is stacked up all around me, I want Dear Editors:

to continue getting The Improvement Era for another year few words to thank each one of you for the most wonderleast. at or messages books A ful

I Bible. the I am veryI havethankfulever forcometheinmissionariescontact with,of am not a Latterday Saint, yet, and may never be one, except

but I want to express my appreciation, though no words are the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints that I have been adequate, for The Improvement Era, the high priests group, studying with. I have learned more about the Lord in six

and all the faithful, patient missionaries who have certainly months than I ever knew before.

made my life richer this past year and a half. If the Lord permits, I shall, ever have The Improvement Era

Sincerely, in my house.

/s/ Mrs. Ira H. Gobble /s/Walter A. Brookshire

OGDEN (UTAH) STAKE BEE HIVE GIRLS ENJOY PHOTOGRAPHY LESSON

It's fun to meet new, clean, and happy friends your own age from all over your stake. It's especially fun when the meeting

is combined with both knowledge and food, under the stars, around a bonfire.

This happened recently on the lawn of Ogden Stake beekeeper, LaVerna B. Newey in Huntsville, Ogden Valley.

Fiftyfive Bee Hive Guardian girls and their leaders listened attentively while the invited guest, Paul S. Bieler of the Ogden

area Scout council, discussed and demonstrated for an hour that interesting hobby, photography. Girls, who own cameras and

are now versed in the art of taking pictures, can start filling honor badge no. 1, in the field of outof-doors. Games, songs,

and food completed the meeting.

Margaret Timmers, another Ogden Stake beekeeper, assisted

Sister Newey in planning the event.

: S $::::;-:

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

/* An Extra Measure Protect/0/9/ With Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil you get a "safetymargin."It actually surpasses highest recommendations of manufacturers for all makes of cars! Gives

you outstanding wear protection combined with really effective cleaning action! That's why you can depend on

this great oil to do a good job under conditions more extreme than your motor is ever likely to face!

Surpasses Highest

Recommendations of U. S. Car Makers

"eavy Phillips OOTV Gugmteec/to Satisfy/

When you refill with Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil you get a printed certificate that is your guarantee of satisfaction! Use this

great oil for ten days, or up to 1,000 miles... and

ifyou aren't completely satisfied.. go to any Phillips

66 Dealer and he will refill your car's crankcase with any other available oil you want, at Phillips expense!

How does Phillips dare make such a guarantee?

Because Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor

Oil is so good it actually surpasses manufacturers'recommendations for all makes of cars! Get

Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil. It's

guaranteed to satisfy you!

fKCe; Official booklet of the American

Football Coaches Association, "How To Watch

Football,"helps you get more enjoyment out of the games. Written by I I famous coaches. Contains I 952 schedules. Available only from your Phillips 66 Dealer. Get your free copy today! G&? Lubri'tection

STOP AT STATIONS WHERE

YOU SEE THESE SIGNS aven for Children

Every parent wishes he could safeguard his children against all disease and illness, Since such protection is impossible, even with today's advanced medical knowledge, we can be thankful for the fine facilities and expert care that our children may recer needed, in institutions such as the new IDS Pr

Children's Hospital.

Wise parents can themselves safeguard thei dren against another of life's haza 'income during the "growing friendly Beneficial Life insuran e su gest a progra your fami

"If*

m-

v n "X

.--

'&m iPr*

mmlmlMl- SMM BENEFICIAL LIF Insurance Company David O, McKay, Pres, Salt Lake City - Utah