sT;ifev;V- '

IMPROVEMENT L WJP+J3L ILt\7Y

<*utiuan 1951 Natural Gas

Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

.

JUST RIGHT

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. for

HPhe city of Venice, Italy, has 2,327 * alleys of nearly ninety miles total length, and 177 canals of twentyeight miles length. Because of the muddy

banks, the foundations have had to be built on piles. Amsterdam in theNetherlands was built on what was Bites Twooriginally a peat bog on ninety islands

connected by 350 bridges with sixteen miles of canals. Amsterdam has likewise had to be built on piles which

are driven through fourteen to sixty feet of sand and mud to firm clay.

The royal palace or Stadthuis was built in 164855 upon a foundation of 13,659 piles.

Phe whalebone whales, when diving, * normally remain below the surface from five to fifteen minutes, and toothed whales from thirty to sixty minutes, and longer, if necessary. The

deepest measured dive of a fin whale was over 1100 feet, and there is some evidence of a sperm whale diving to almost 3000 feet.

71 small crab, Melia tessellata, with a striped color scheme of its own, has the interesting habit of carrying two small sea anemones about with it, one in each nipper. When in danger,

the crab holds the anemones up as if they were boxing gloves. The anemone

has a flowerlike appearance due to the large number of tentacles surrounding its mouth, but the tentacles are armed with stinging cells.

E. Whitford, with the help of an

electron multiplier phototube, has devised an instrument so sensitive that with the 100inch telescope it could detect a twentyfirst magnitude star.

This is the same amount of light as a candle in England would give when viewed in California by way of the

Atlantic Ocean.

towa State College tests have found that cows supplied with water at foraTasfeSurprise* their stanchions will drink nearly avorh percent than those water twenty more ToodSht daily, onetwice and drink watered Crackers third of the water at night. With conPURITY TOM HottSe

venient water to drink, the cows produced 3.5 percent more milk and 10.7 PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello * Phoenix

percent more butterfat.

JANUARY 1951

THE PURSUIT OF PEACEWHY NALLEY'S IS

(\ft August 6, 1833, according to By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Latterday Saint belief, the Divine Head of Political Science Department,

Ruler of the universe revealed to University of Utah

Joseph Smith how and when, if ever, his children were justified in going to this inshould means 1. By what revela- C. Sec. This 98.) (D. & before the be brought modin interesting these formation reading makes YOU EVER TASTED war.tion rulers, the together with world's ern

politiof times. the It covers problem

of baptism? revealed mode

to cal obligation, and obey when (or should) does a modern 2. How social family not and to obey, CHOICE LEAN BEEF when

"lift nation a standard of peace"when conflicts, of the ancient and problem provoked? battle. Since the latter concerns us

is the foregoing done the most, here are some high points: 3. How

second and third times (essential be- 1. Men are advised to renounce fore God justifies resistance)?

war, proclaim peace, "and seek diliGARDEN FRESH VEGETABLES gently to turn the hearts of the chil- ***** dren to their fathers,"lest the earth After laying this foundation you become cursed. (V. 16.) might try the following hypothetical

2. The law of the Lord to the ancases, after taking a long look at the

cients, repeated here, is "that they map or a good globe:

should not go out unto battle against 1. What is the Monroe Doctrine?

CHEFBLENDED any nation, kindred, Was it outmoded by

GRAVY tongue, or people, save American intervention

I, the Lord, commanded in European possessions them."(V. 33.) The in Asia in 1898, by

procedure prerequisite American intervention1 to a divine command is & in Europe in 1917, and clear. still beif any naOtSCOVBR MUEYS... then3. made"And to "(Tirl'':; since?lieve inDo ourwe right

tion, tongue, or people maintain neigh- a safe the One BEEF STEW should proclaim in ourselves war borhood for against them, they should the Western Hemifirst lift a standard of peace unto that sphere?

people, nation, or tongue; 2. Does Russia have a right to mainHomemade Way! the"Andofferingif thatof peace,people neitherdid nottheacceptsectainin Europea safeandneighborhoodAsia? Or arefor theherselftwo

ond nor the third time, they should cases different, and if so, why, and to bring these testimonies before the what extent?

Lord; "Then I, the Lord, would give unRussian3. Knowinginspiredourdomesticattitudepoliticaltowardsacto them a commandment, and justify tivity, here and elsewhere, suppose

them in going out to battle against that Russia also had a "Greek and that nation, tongue, or people."(V. Turkish Aid program"operating in

3436.) Cuba and Mexico. What would our

4. The foregoing procedure was attitude be?

set forth on August 6, 1833, as "an ensample unto all people, saith the 4. Can the United States assume

Lord."(V. 38.) British "life line"commitments

the throughout East Asia Middle and not proclaim do If men before war inheriting the historic clash ( a ) without earlier attacking, an preprocedure

British between Russian and power, that scribes is smitten, to when one the Balkans, from Black Sea, across

If it patiently. bear smitten again, the

(b) liability Asia; without assuming

times, is second and third to bear one for all the ancient regrievances and it patiently receive and rewards,

Asiatic a sentments peoples feel towards for hundredfold the second, four and the former "colonial"of the powers for third. hundredfold If the a fourth West?

smiting threatens, he is to warn the enemy, and then the enemy is to look 5. If we inherit both the conflict

out ( if the smitten is still alive ), for he with Russian power and the resentment is now justified in taking stern measof Asiatic millions, how do we avoid ures. (V. 2332.) (a) appearance and (b) the fact of

The "Meatiest"Beef Stew * * * * * being inimical to the aspirations of

Now, some questions for discusthose peoples?

You Ever Tasted! sion in 1951 (Concluded on page 47)

Why the (jmnih)'Readirw Qub Offers To Send You

Of THESE FINE BOOKS ANY TWO

WITH MEMBERSHIP

Yes, you are invited to accept any two of the wonderful books shown on this page as your FREE MEMBERSHIP GIFT BOOKS when you join our Book Club! Founded to select and distribute

books which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being objectionable, the Family Reading Club is just what you have been looking for. Read, below, how the Club operates, then

mail the coupon to join, and get your two free books—today!

Funk & Wagnalls GENTIAN HILL THE

COLLEGE STANDARD By Elizabeth Goudge GREATEST STORY

DICTIONARY The famous and beloved EVER TOLD basically differof author Oursler Fulton The Dolphin "Green By in years tellguide Street"faithful ent wordfirst reverent, "Pilgrim's and A en-! over 145,000 Contains tells of a Inn"of the sublime ing magical now

; tries, measpages tale 1,420 of bringing orphans and Jesus, two Himstory who

ures n size and to lives together came relive those were whose 6 1/"x9J4"is printed beautifully on beautiful one of His excitwith entwined the most for the in legends must close to ingly you. to be found fine paper. A A book

library folklore. permanent! English home cherish. will Publishfamily your

Publisher's edition, $5.50. er's edition, $3.50. Publisher's edition, $2.95.

STILLMEADOW AMERICA COOKS FAITH TO LIVE BY

Browns By SEASONS Alson By The is Gladys Taber Contains over By 1600 reciHere just whatf. Smithfaith is

it the author finest by book to pes new use can you how A—the

Father.""Especially of states frustraof the the over 48 of—fromeach triumphand

is invitation an conflicts oldfash- Here to mouthwatering tions of and

to spend chance inspiring chapters, taste senof tothe-minute Dr.

year with the sations proves companionshipship—aan entire and friendioned favorites to upeveryday life. In a score! Crystalclear can Smith that you

author at her delightful directions make it imposconquet fear and find the old home in Connecticut. sible to go wrong. Pubkey to happiness in faith!

Publisher's edition, $3.00. lishers edition, $2.49. Publisher's edition, $2.50.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS

Each month publishers are invited to "Bonus"Book free for each four Club submit books they believe will meet the selections you take. Thus the purchase

Family Reading Club standards. Our of books from the Club for only $1.89

select they the of publishers'the can Editors then book enthusiastically to each—instead most saves $2.50 to $4.00 recommend

every—dollars.regular are of which your These books members. you book retail25%pricesto 35%of

family of the value of your Books when the Bonus member in, in can read—bookswith pride. Andis figured save to be retained can your library you up to 50%!

Save Members 50% How in Join Now—Send No Money charge for is no There membership

the Family Reading Club beyond the If you believe in a book club which cost of the books themselves. You pay will appeal to the finest instincts of

only $1.89 (plus postage and handling) every member of your family, let us

for the books you purchase after readintroduce you to the Family Reading will ing the review magazine which book of sending the Club by you ANY TWO to It your each month. come home is books this free on page shown as your

as accept this few as four pon. may as However, unusual

retain notmonth—youeachnecessaryyear to to purchase a book every Membership Gift. Just mail the couyour membership. at withdrawn may be any time, we offerurge

And you will receive a wonderful new you to mail the coupon NOW

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

MAIL COUPON NOW! CS

WITH MEMBERSHIP FREE TWO 1-ER; FAMILY CLUB,BOOKS DEPT. READING MINEOLA, YORK

Please send the two me at once books checked Gift. Membership below as NEWmy

College New Gentian Hili Greatest The Standard D Story Dictionary Ever Told

Stillmeadow Seasons America Cooks Faith to Live By

Also enroll as of a the Family member me Reading Club and send each me, of review month, a Club's the forthcoming selection. I privilege the have of

notifying in you advance do not to wish accept selection, any or I whether to wish purchase of iftheI alternate any books offered—at the special members'

price of only (plus postage handling). and are There no membership

I or dues accept and$1.89 as as four few eachmay selections or alternates during the twelvefees, coming beginning months, with current the selection. Club As a member

I will receive a free Bonus Book with each four selections Club or alternates

I accept. Mr. Mrs Miss (Please Print) Address..

C'y Zone.State..

*9'Under'*21 1LIf SameOfferpricegoodinonlyCanada:in the105U.S.A.Bond andSt., CanadaToronto 21J

JANUARY 1951 Lyfhciai \Jraan o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurck or

sfeiui Lkrist

of <=JLatteraau Sainti t*j nJ r*> VOLUME 54 NUMBER 1

SMITH - JOHN Editors: GEORGE ALBERT

Editor: DOYLEA. W1DTS0EL. GREEN - RICHARD L. EVANS Managing

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

A. PALMER S. NIBLEY HARRIS, - HUGH FRANKLIN

B. - - SPERRYLEE B. SIDNEY PETERSENJR. CLAUDE

- Manager: Associate BERTHA R. CURTIS Manager: ELBERT General

F. - Director: S.SCOTTREEDER VERL Advertising D. GILES Business Manager: JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

The Editor's Page THE COVER A Message for the New Year George Albert Smith 13 Winter skies, mountain snows, ski tracks, sunlight and shadow—all combine

to evoke a wintry and familiar mood.

Church Features Theof AnscophotographDivision,was Generalused by permissionAniline 6

Corporation, Binghamton, New Film Meaning and Reconciliations: Evidences CL—What is the Mormon York. Widtsoe 14 - John A. of Hell?

Reverence David O, McKay 16 "Be of Good Courage":. John A. Widtsoe 20 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

My Grandparents—(Genealogy) Torleif S* Knaphus 30 Y.M.M.I.A.50 NorthOffices,Main50 NorthStreetMain St.

The Church Moves On—8 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 46 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Genealogy - 30 Presiding Bishopric's Page 48 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Melchizedek Priesthood 46 Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Special Features scriptionLatterdayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSubsubscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy. of Us B. Y. IL President Ernest L* Wilkinson.. One Utah, City, Office, Salt Lake at the Post Entered Glen Clark 22 Harold for mailing Acceptance matter. secondclass as

Come Back, My Son, Come Back! Lee A, Palmer 25 at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

Giles—The Town the "Dirty Devil"Took C. W. McCullough 26 1918.

Era Improvement The butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unsolicited manuscripts, Arrival of Latterday Saint Immigrant—1876 William Mulder 28

by sufficient be accompanied must manuscripts return. for delivery and Brigham Young—A Builder of the West Alben W* Barkley 29 Allpostage The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 52, 56, 60 Change of Address

for of ad-, required notice change Price Bedrooms, Louise Budget the Universe, Franklin Exploring include ordering please a change, Fifteen Whendays'1 Bell -- issue of Jr. S. Harris, the magazine. slip from a recent 36 dress.address

unless the old cannot be Address changes made PosBeauty, for Your Blueprint of Peace, Times, The Pursuit These included. well as one is as address the new 37 ture, Madame 2—Durham G. Homer

....38 for a Cold Dish Day Hot A 6 the Bookrack On 40 Hints Handy Advertising Representatives National

Today'*s Family, Burl Shepherd, Disrespect, Ada Marie Patten....41

Editor -36 Your Page and Ours 64 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California HENRY G. ESCHEN,

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California The Nerve of Him Alvin J. Schow 24 332 HARRYSouth MichiganV. LYTLE Ave.

Lonely to Lovely...—'. Helen Baker Adams 32 Chicago 4, Illinois

Poetry Page 11 Walls Johnson—.—....-41 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Frontispiece, Joseph Smith 12 The Brighter Road, Elizabeth TalNew York 17, N. Y.

Formula for Gold, Hildegarde bert 47

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

.

Why these "so practical"dinettes will sty faasfri&ffoyer/

Balanced micalite on both sides of table top for long

Das/eA/s""SMART life... ink, fruit acid, alcohol,or boiling water will not harm

the fine finish... duran upholstery is scuffresistant and

wipes clean with a damp cloth... Smoothiecushion glides

on chairs take up shock and noise, add to comfort..

534/624Foam rubber padding gives cushions long life... Rigid

construction, scientific chrome plating, plus a quartercentury of "know how"all contribute to making this

The Chrome Furniture that Stays Beautiful Longer.

At leading furniture and department stores wed of the Mississippi. Send for Free

J ';) Booklet, "Guide to Selecting Chrome Furniture."VIRTUE BROS MFG CO

The West's largest manufacturer of chrome furniture

LOS ANGELES 45, CALIFORNIA

t PAT. PENDING * U. S. PAT. 2514685

JANUARY 1951 N TIHI EJN <xAA>cve\

MARRIAGE ANALYSIS brought into notice by skilful division CHRISTMAS WITHOUT (Dr. Harold T. Christensen. The headings. At the end of each chapter JOHNNY

Ronald Press Company, New York are questions and problems which set (Gladys Hasty Carroll. Macmillan

City. 1950. 510 pages. $4.00.) forth the meaning of the chapter to us Co., New York. 1950. 230 pages.

Tt would be expected from the author, of this age. A wealth of beautifully $2.50.)

former B.Y.U. professor, now chaircolored pictures adds to the attractiveAlthough the setting is Christmas,

man of sociology and professor in the ness of the book. While intended for the story pertains to any month in

department of family life in Purdue seminary use, the book could well be the year to all people who deal with

University, that this book would take used by parents everywhere who want children, whether in the home, the high, if not the highest rank in the to instil in their children a love of the church, the school, or in commercial literature on marriage and family life. Bible. The questions and problems of institutions. Sadly enough, it was "an

From the academic angle, the subthe book would challenge the thinkanswer-man in an emporium who lisject is one of extreme difficulty, being of the parents themselves. The tened to Johnny's questions and helped

cause of limited statistical information book, written by the commissioner of him—and others—find the answers.

and the differing human prejudices. education of the Church, a lover of The book will serve to open the eyes

However, the book though comprethe gospel and highly trained in the and hearts of everyone who has or has hensive is carefully written. The art of teaching, could profitably be had children.—M. C. /.

maudlin sympathy which so often apfound in the library of every Latterpears in such books is entirely absent. day Saint.—/. A. W. LIFE OF AN AMERICAN

problems parentof marriageThe and WORKMAN are numerous,hood tempted one is to THE AMERICAN MIND (Walter P. Chrysler, in collaboration

say innumerable, but they are handled (Henry Steele Commager. Yale Uniwith Boyden Sparks. Dodd Mead and

here so skilfully that little is found to versity Press, New Haven, Conn. Company, New York City. 1950.

criticize. Even in the field of sex 1950. 476 pages. $5.00.) 217 pages. $3.00.)

where opinions often clash violently, HPaking apart the symptomatic de- 'HTms readable life of Walter P.

the problems are stated frankly but velopments in the past eighty years, Chrysler, really an autobiography, clearly and helpfully. the author has made an historical contains material for reflection of

"With the space at our command evaluation of the American mind and workman and manager. In this chaotic,

it suffices to say about the problems the factors that have gone into its contending age, it may help bring presented in this book that seldom making, as well as the results of those about peace within our land as within the "foundations for successfulhave A. W.

life"family been presented so comeconomics—-allfactors. Literature,havescience,the historicalreligion, the ranks of the workman.—/.

pletely and wisely. Dealing with such microscope turned on them.

a vast subject there must be some imProbably literature receives the MORMONS ARE DIFFERENT!

perfections, but in this book they are major focus because of its very avail- (Joseph H. Weston. Weston PublishSalt Company, Lake City, Utah.fewer than ability, since it reing is concrete, while usual.—/. A. W. 1950. 220 pages. $1.50.) ligion suffers the because somewhat

'"Phis is intended to be "a doctrinalNOW YOU TWO ARE ONE effects cannot be so concretely evalu- (Lucile Young Nelson. Illustrated by ated. companion"to These Amazing

Robin Redd. Published by the Author. The book is one that deserves wide Mormons, written by the same author,

which has had wide circulation.1950. 113 pages. $2.00.) reading and study—and evaluation, for

IVarriage and family life continue in it lie the reasons for the success or In seventeen chapters, the fundato offer the main joys and probthe failure of the American way of mental doctrines of the Church are lems of humanity. Here, a mother life.—M. C. /. presented simply and in easy, condesiring to give help to her children versational style. It appears to be

has written simply more than eighty A COMPLETE CONCORDANCE fairly sound in doctrine and clear in sketches, each of which seems imTO THE BOOK OF MORMON expression. The author's newspaper

portant in married life. The illustra- (Arthur E. Starks. Herald Publishing experience is everywhere in evidence.

tions are cleverly done. The volume House, Independence, Mo. 1950. 501—/. A. W.

should help many a wandering couple. pages. $5.00.)

—J. A. W. HThis is an excellent piece of work. THE BRIDGE OF LIGHT

It is not so detailed in places as (A. Hyatt Verrill. Fantasy Press, Los

DISCOVERING THE OLD the Reynolds'Concordance but would Angeles. 1950. 248 pages. $3.00.)

TESTAMENT serve well the student of the Book Ane of the foremost students and (Franklin L. West, Ph.D. Illustrated. of Mormon. The format makes it authors in the field of American

L. D. S. Department of Education, easy to hold and use. However, its archeology and ethnology has here

Salt Lake City. 1950. 644 pages. references are all to the verse and used his profound knowledge in pro-

$4.00.) chapter arrangement of the Reorganducing this exciting, thrilling novel,

HPhis condensed story of the Old ized Church. This limits greatly its really a mystery and adventure story.

Testament, following closely the use among our people. Why a It is good reading, holding the intertext of the Bible, was written primarily standard book like the Book of Morest throughout, and as the story

for the use of the L.D.S. seminaries. mon should have two versifications, progresses much information about

The biblical source of each chapter is confusing the unwary student, is still the early days in America is revealed.

indicated, and the running subjects a puzzle.—/. A. W.—J. A. W.

6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Atomic Energy New "RPM"developed by

LIFEDOUBLES THE

OF AUTO ENGINES!

... in the toughest test a motor gets!

toOur scientists equipped test engines Coldoperation tests simulated New RPM Motor Oil was shown with atomically treated rings; for the stopand-go driving conditions. New double the life of average automobile

first time actually measured wear with "RPM"was compared with best conengines between major overhauls due

Geiger counters, as it took place! Thus ventional oils.* Results were startling! to lubrication. Laboratory tests proved

brand New "RPM"was developed. For New "RPM"was a star performer it. Severe road tests backed it up.

Finest engine insurance you can buy!

No motor oil gives you better protection than New "RPM."

Compared with conventional motor oils,* it doubles the life of average engines between major overhauls due to lubrication.

It cuts in half the wearrate of such critical engine parts as piston rings and cylinder walls. It doubles protection against

gummy carbon, acid, corrosion, rust and varnish... maintains

the lowoil-consumption life of the average engine twice as long. Sold with a moneyback guarantee of satisfaction.

*"Premium Type"oils as designated by the American Petroleum Institute.

STANDARD STATIONS CHEVRON INC.

GAS STATION We take better care of your car

JANUARY 1951 THE CHURCH MOVES ON At <=JJau Jo <=Jjau Lnronowau \Jf Church (Li/entd

O O President Antone K. Romney, A six percent increase, from fortyOctober 1950 formerly second counselor, susone percent to fortyseven percent,

-< -| Elder Stephen L Richards of the tained as president of the Provo was noticed in the attendance of girls

Council of the Twelve and his (Utah) Stake, with Aura C. Hatch at sacrament meeting, in reports comwife arrived in Salt Lake City after and Allen G. Brockbank, counselors. piled by the Y.W.M.I.A. for the

two months abroad on Church busiReleased were President Charles E. month of September. For the same

ness, studying conditions surrounding Rowan, Jr., and Orrin H. Jackson, first month, attendance at Sunday School

the more than thirteen hundred miscounselor. went from fiftythree percent to sixty

sionaries in Europe and to set up plans President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of percent, and attendance at Mutual

for their safety* the First Presidency dedicated the increased from fortyone percent to combination Bonneville Ward chapelfifty-nine percent.

-i pr President George Albert Smith Bonneville (Salt Lake City) Stake dedicated the Denver Stakehouse. W. Ernest Young, former

Crestmoor Ward chapel at Denver, Bountiful Sixth Ward, South Davis president of the Argentine MisColorado. (Utah) Stake, organized frompor- sion, appointed as a Spanish transActing President Joseph Fielding tions of Bountiful First Ward, with lator of the Church radio, publicity,

Smith of the Council of the Twelve H. Preston Hughes as bishop. and mission literature committee.

dedicated the Institute of Religion building near the Arizona State Teach- O { President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

ers College campus, Tempe, Arizona. of the First Presidency dedicated November 1950

Eight hundred Mexican members of the Deseret Mills and Elevators project Construction of a fourstory the Church and their friends began of the Church welfare plan at Kaysfireproof addition to the Smith their annual conference at the Arizona ville, Utah. Memorial Building began for the Geneat President Acting Mesa.Temple First of the Church. alogical Society auxiliary general and boards O K All Fielding the Council Smith ofJoseph

is bureau, floor index the to used be by the of stakes of eightyfive 180of President R, Bruce and the Twelve floors microfilm for third second and relaIndian the have Church now of the First of the CouncilMcConkie floor will the be fourth storage, and a carrying tions forward committees in attendance.Seventy were library. the used by nation's the of behalf on program

n President George Albert Smith half million Indians. N. Lorenzo Mitchell succeeded

* 'dedicated the Science Building, The renaming of the Tahitian MisTracy Y. Cannon as director of the

Brigham Young University campus, sion yacht, from Fandango to Paraita, McCune School of Music. Elder CanProvo, Utah. being the Tahitian equivalent of Pratt, non had served as director of the

since 1925. school June for Addison Pratt, early missionary, music Clela of appointment Mrs. -I o The Barker, Darger, L. Evalyn James announced. general to the B. Jorgensen board to appointed L. Bradford and Reed

Mutual Imof the Young Women's general of the Deseret Sunboard of the the Benson Taft Elder (Ezra O Q Association announced.provement Union. School day dedicated of the Council Twelve

i\ A A bulletin from the Presiding the Etna Ward chapel, Star Valley A monument is expected to be

Bishop's Office announced the ( Wyoming ) Stake. erected next year at the Peter Whitfollowing changes had been made: President David O. McKay of the mer farm where the Church was orBay Ridge Branch, New York First Presidency dedicated the chapel ganized in New York, John D. Giles

Stake, has been discontinued with the of the North Fresno Branch, Northern announced. M Men and Gleaners of

membership being transferred to California Mission. the Provo, Utah, Fifth Ward, conBrooklyn. President Milton R. Hunter of the ceived the project and raised two

Queen Anne Ward, Seattle ( WashFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated hundred dollars for it.

ington) Stake, now known as Seattle the chapel of the Belleville, Illinois,

First Ward. Branch, Central States Mission. Dr. Louis L. Madsen of the

West Seattle Ward, Seattle Stake, Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards North Logan Ward and a memnow Seattle Second Ward. dedicated the combination Nyssa Secber of the high council of the East

University Ward, Seattle Stake, ond Ward chapel, Nyssa (Oregon) Cache (Utah) Stake, was inaugunow Seattle Third Ward. Stake house. rated as the eighth president of the

South Seattle Ward, Seattle Stake, Utah State Agricultural College.

now Seattle Fourth Ward. ) || James A. McMurrin appointed

Seattle Fifth Ward, Seattle Stake, president of the Northwestern! Annual ward Relief Society

has been organized with James E. States Mission, succeeding Joel Richconferences were held in the

Fortney, bishop. ards who has served since December evening meeting of this fast Sunday

Tucson Second Ward, Southern 1947. President McMurrin, a rancher, in many wards, a practice which has

Arizona Stake, has been organized operating properties in southern Idaho, been in effect since 1942.

from portions of the old Tucson has also engaged in business in the President Harry E. McClure and

Ward, with Richard E. Martin, bishop. Logan, Utah, area. He filled a miscounselors Loren A. Stoddard and

Tucson Ward, Southern Arizona sion in Scotland, 190911, and he and Julius B. Papa sustained in the Gridley

Stake, now known as Tucson Third Sister McMurrin have recently filled (California) Stake. The new presiWard. a shortterm mission in California. (Contintied on page 57)

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tfjJStfr

eace of Blind

.. is the Guiding Star to

Beace on arti)

When a man finds peace of mind there is little chance that he will harm his brother,,. but when a nation loses contact with its Creator, there lies a threat

to the peace of all the world. Throughout America and the nations that are

free there is today a return to religion... a quest again for spiritual values.

Please God that this in time may grow into a clarion call to break the shackles of the oppressed and bring the dream of peace everlasting to all mankind.

The beautiful edifice above is the new Mountain ViewMonte Vista Ward Chapel of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;

Young & Ehlers, architects. Masonry work by tf*e=

Thomas B. Child & Co. Brick furnished by

Interstate Brick Co., manufacturers of burned

clay products.

Snterstate $kitk Company 3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY

STANDARD WORKS DF TDE CDURCH in new editions BOOK OF MORMON Missionary edition $ 1.25

Library 10 pt. type $ 2.00

Large type 12 pt., 6x9 page $ 3.00

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

Library $ 1.50

Large type in combination with Pearl of

Great Price $ 3.00

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

Library $.85

IN TRIPLE COMBINATION

Regular edition, 10 pt. type, Bible paper,

gold edges, genuine leather $ 7.50

Large type, 12 pt. type, Bible paper, gold

edges, genuine leather (Page for page conformity with regular edition) $12.00

HOLY BIBLE: L. D. S. Missionary edition, with L. D. S. Ready Reference Cambridge University

Dictionary and Concordance; Bible paper; available in four styles; price ranges:

MB1 MB2 MB3 MB4 Simulated leather, Genuine Persian Genuine Persian Genuine Persian strong, durable Morocco fabric lining, Morocco fabric lining, Morocco, genuine reinforced binding straight edges $11.00 overlapped edges leather lining

$7.50 Indexed $12.00 $11.00 overlapping edges

Indexed $12.00 $13.00

MEW D00KS1VEW EDITIONS A MARVELOUS WORK AND WORD OF WISDOM

A WONDER by John A. Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe

by LeGrand Richards, Presiding Bishop of knowledge Newer nutrition confirms the Word of restored the of presentation step, Systematic, step by Health. Safeguards and

a veteran Wisdom at by for missionaries home and abroad, Gospel, missionary, mission president, bishop, stake president, now $2.75

Presiding Bishop. Missionaries applaud it fervently.

$1.75 GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM RELIGION

PROPHECY AND MODERN TIMES by Gerrit de Jong by W. Cleon Skousen

spiritual of by believing Testimony power earned and livthrough the ages and in our day; about America, Prophecy

to ing of the restored the principles Gospel. in obedience Palestine, the millenium.

$1.75 $1.75

At our dealers in your town.

All prices are subject to change without notice.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET

SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SONG FASHIONS DESTINY BOOK REVIEW OPPORTUNITY

A Tribute To Eliza R. Snow. By Gene Romolo By Alice R. Rich

B: Jan. 1804 D: Dec. 1882 7V gain I scan a volume of the year. "Out canceled checks are all our yesterCompiled by Time for future reference. *-'days,

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard Though many chapters bear the caption, Tomorrow's good intentions, just a loan;

"Fear,"Today with unspent sand our hourglass

She was a singer born when songs were Its pages offer much of recompense. holds

few, Cold cash, the only surety we own.

Already recognized as promising Heroic, sacrificial deeds of love

Before she heard the Truth, before she And faith reborn, I find recounted there, knew as it reached mind triumphant above With

That that willed thought of self and songs were meaningless that did not The we COLLOQUY spring should share By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee

From faith born of the joy the Word can With others not as fortunate as we.

bring. One section chronicles rededication Learn wisdom, heart, from these small

A virgin pure as her own name of Snow, To righteous living and to Deity, feathered birds.

She turned her back on fame, for she And one records devotion of our nation They beat no futile wings against the storm must go Unto the cause of setting peoples free Or seek to stay the lightning with small

To join the people with the sacred tale From unjust masters in their halls of state, words:

On golden tablets, seeming then to know Who have destroyed the torch of liberty They seek a covert that will keep them

She was their skylark and their nightingale. And dwarfed souls with indoctrinates of warm.

hate. No sudden mood reverses their swift flight.

it look earth is a place on and They know to young, of the unknown knownOut contents of the reviewed The today book is safe: in the shadowed day and Where Nauvoo

still Assures the charts Star man's me that night talents, caroling her brought and herShe

Was resin on the fires of faith and drew way. Danger may stalk them with a stranger's

Emotion to the heights of reasoning. face.

She knew a mother's worth, and motherLearn wisdom, heart, from these, and do ing not look Seemed natural in heaven as below. Beyond the mountains until winter comes.

Her greatest song became a famed rondo When frost lays early silver on. the brook,

Of double parenthood that shadows veil. And from the north, sound winter's first

With strength of song she helped the faint drums, kingdom grow; Follow the sun. There is a beaten track

She was their skylark and their nightingale. For flights like these, for those who look

not back.

When trouble flashed, with hatred flaming through Cold fear, intolerance, and sorrowing, ANSWER TO A LETTER

They learned of weeping and how wrongs By Vera White accrue final sting scarlet the until wrongsOn lifted like tablecloth, thought a up You crimson emwhere smokeblack homesOf I'd that the edge. take other Knowing

cling. bers off the Together fragments shake we

floe river's across the exodusSad forlorn a and and Of distance wedge lonelyInto the wilderness, with glow stretch loneliness. linen the of Of Wetime, stars stars flame, for hearth remote andOf friendship

pale its familiar designs. us enjoy Between and

flesh, their frozen but warmTo it store tenderly again, through As we away their woe lines. of folds the us it along Each same

nightingale. their skylarkShe was their and

Today we hymn her singing words to WINTER WALK SNOWSWEPT show

Our gratitude for her to whom we owe By Pauline Havard By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys fail. debt of poetry. not mustA We

It destiny. fashions everSong was so. HPhe night was clear, and so we went snowstorm swept across my gardenShe was their skylark and their nightingale. -* together A in the night

Into the snowdraped woods, and marvelAnd left fantastic pyramids ing, walked And mounds of white:

Past trees where every branch was a white Azalea bushes now are draped

SORCERESS feather In froth of lace,

Powdered with silver. Quietly we talked Forsythia boughs wear snowy crests

mostly things, but peaceful we strode By Margery S. Stewart Of on And Withstandingarchingtall grace;the hemlock trees as this such beauty In silence, knowing

have seen a woman take Was a rich bounty that would soon be Bear their burden with majestic ease.

I Half of what I have and build gone;

A life piled full of shining things: Here was an hour too beautiful to miss!

Laughter, love without its stings. Snow crunched beneath our feet; the SEEKERS OF GOLD

air hearts tingling does she capture and makeHow By Inez Clark Thorson stilled, happiness, long with moonlight and the feelThe deepdown brimmed Was

Awake and stretch its lovely wings? of frost; Tncline us, Lord, to seek the gold

branches shook white snowstars in Tree in of the hearts * Deephidden men hair; ourWhat is the magic key she owns, refined gold that once God's knowsThat makes a garden from a thin And we both knew this night would not Corrosion's blight on it again. not

Geranium blooming on a ledge, be lost

Magic from branches of hawthorn hedge, But would remain in the heart's treasure And we would use the drill of love,

Jewels from the simplest stones, chest The gospel dynamite of prayer,

A flash of Paris in a pin, Of hoarded coins from beauty's rich beFaith's lamp would guide until we find

Adventure at the summer's edge? quest. The precious metal hidden there!

JANUARY 1951 11 and iKevelalor

BORN DEC. 23, 1805

MARTYRED JUNE 27, 1844

f any person should ask me if I were a prophet, I should not deny it, as that would give me the lie; for, according to John, the testimony of 3

Jesus is the spirit of prophecy; therefore, if I profess to be a witness or

teacher, and have not the spirit of prophecy, which is the testimony of

Jesus, I must be a false witness; but if I be a true teacher and witness,

I must possess the spirit of prophecy, and that constitutes a prophet; and

any man who says he is a teacher or preacher of righteousness, and denies the spirit of prophecy, is a liar, and the truth is not in him; and by this

key false teachers and impostors may be detected.

History of the Church, Joseph Smith, Vol. V, pp. 215216.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &<''*<&<'-0v*<0vi<v<0>K0&Kt

-A > *(SS

Message

ew ear

eorae rlbert Smith

His season finds us with many fulfilment. Each passing year brings us

blessings and many problems. nearer the date of his coming in power and

Whatever our blessings are, glory. True, the hour and the day, no man

theysource—ourhave allFathercome infromheaven.one isknoweth;to watchbutandthe pray,duty beingof Latterdayvaliant forSaintsthe

And whatever our problems are, they could truth and abounding in good works. Despite

all be solved if our Father's children would the discontent in the world and the apparent keep his commandments. growth of the power of evil, those who conEverywhere men are asking what is the tinue to stand in holy places can discern

matter with the world. Why is it that the through it all the handiwork of the Lord in

majority of the people of the world today the consummation of his purposes. The Alare arming themselves? The Lord has made mighty reigns and will continue to reign!

available to us everything to make us happy. Our Heavenly Father, in his mercy, sent

He sent his Son into the world to bring to his Only Begotten Son into the world. And

us the blessings that can come only from him. that Son, who is Jesus the Christ, our Lord

And yet with all the churches and denominaand Savior, ministered among the children of tions and all the organizations there are, I men. He healed the sick, unstopped the

think the world has never been in a more ears of the deaf, restored the blind to sight, critical condition than it is today. Why? It and raised up the dead. He convinced his

is because the majority of our Father's sons followers that the purpose of our living upon and daughters who live upon the earth are the earth is that we may prepare ourselves not keeping his commandments. for that greater future life. He eventually

The world is still staggering from the efgave his life and was able to overcome death fects of war and rumors of war; rumblings and the grave and show the way unto life

of political and social upheavals cause men's eternal.

hearts to tremble with fear; the dove of peace And again at this season, I want to

is often denied admittance in the councils of testify to you that I know that Jesus is the the nations. Christ, the Son of the Living God, that

Again, some of our sons are away in miliJoseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord. I

tary service. And we urge all to pray for know that he received the gospel. I knowthem; to pray for peace—and to live for that the disciples of the Savior conferred

peace. (We earnestly urge bishops, quorums, upon him divine authority and passed it on

families, friends, to keep close to those who to the Church when it was organized. And I

are away—not only at this season, but also know that Jesus Christ our Lord gave his

at all seasons. Send them encouragement; name to this Church, and he expects us to

urge them into Church activity. Win them recognize it and honor it as we go to and

with love into the living of righteous lives fro in this world.

and pray always for their peace and protec- I say, "I know these things."I know them

tion. ) to be true. We find people who are critical

Despite all adverse elements, the promises and say, "That is saying a good deal."It is of the Lord can be relied upon for ultimate (Concluded on following page}

\AJANUARY 1951 Ktor's 13 >%'C&0,?COC'-?C?THE EDITORS PAGE

(Concluded [rom preceding page) saying a good deal. But I know these things If there were any doubt in my mind, what a

are true; the divinity of the Savior, the Prophmistake I would be making to testify this way,

et Joseph 'Smith's divine calling, the organizabut I am not making a mistake. I know wheretion of the Church, the bestowal of the priestof I speak, and I testify to you that the gospelf

hood upon men in our day—all these things of Jesus Christ is the power of God unto salvaare true. tion, as revealed in this latter day, and as enNow if these things were not true, it would joyed by the membership of the Church which

to tell a serious for thing be they are you me bears his name, the Church of Jesus Christ of until I shall because long not be suddenly it may

Latterday Saints. receive my summons to the "other side."With

I say, knowthat realization, and knowing how important it I know this to be true, and again is, I say to you that Jesus Christ is the Son of ing the seriousness of such a statement if it

God. Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, and were not true, I leave this witness with you in

the Church that was restored through him is love and fellowship, in the name of Jesus Christ the Church of the Lamb of God. our Lord. Amen.

WHAT IS THE MORMON MEANING OF

HELL?

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Joseph Smith grew up at a time when preachhath done."1 This threw a flood of light on

ers still taught the proverbial hell of everGod's treatment of the sinner. The judgment

lasting torture. In the textbooks of his day passed upon any man will be great or small

in many nations were pictures of devils with according to his works and deeds.

pitchforks pushing sinners into the flames of Further, the breaking of any law brings hell, there to suffer the agonies of being burned punishment which, however, may be paid for but never consumed. With one hand the through repentance. If repentance does not

preacher offered a fragment of God's love, follow sin, full punishment inevitably follows.

and with the other, the unutterable, neverend- Whatever that punishment may be, under a ing torment from an angry, unforgiving God. higher law, the doctrine destroyed completely

Under such a cruel doctrine men would be the unnatural, ungodlike doctrine of past ages.

frightened, so it was hoped, into a righteous Wherefore, I revoke not the judgments which I shall manner of living. How men could devise so pass, but woes shall go forth, weeping, wailing and

horrible a future for any one of God's children gnashing of teeth, yea, to those who are found on my is a striking evidence of the apostasy from the left hand.

simple, loving gospel of Jesus Christ. noNevertheless,end to this torment,it is notbut writtenit is writtenthat endlessthere shalltorment.be

Naturally the correction of this evil doctrine Again, it is written eternal damnation; wherefore it

had to be made. About a month before the is more express than other scriptures, that it might

organization of the Church, a glorious revelawork upon the hearts of the children of men altogether tion was received by Joseph Smith which threw forWherefore,my name's I glory.will explain unto you this mystery, for

into limbo the illogical doctrine of eternal it is meet unto you to know even as mine apostles.

burnings for sins committed. I speak unto you that are chosen in this thing, even

In this revelation, Jesus Christ affirms that as For,one, behold,that youthemaymysteryenter ofintogodliness,my rest. how great is it.

his commission was to carry out the Father's For, behold, I am endless, and the punishment which is plan for man's salvation. It is explained that the given from my hand is endless punishment, for Endless

plan includes laws that must be obeyed. In the is my name. Wherefore

is punishment God's punishment. final judgment every man will be judged "acEternal

is Endless punishment God's cording to his works and the deeds which he punishment. 8

2Ibid., 19:3.

!D. & C. 19:1-15. Vbid., 19:5-12.

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The implication of this doctrine is that through the ages a sinner may atone for his misdeeds. It was a startling doctrine to hurl nd again I say unto you, if ye

at a world traditioned in one of the blackest erobserve to do whatsoever I rors of apostate Christianity. command you, I, the Lord, will

The whole revelation gave much comfort to turn away all wrath and indignathe people. Later on, the theme was again tion from you, and the gates of

taken up and enlarged upon. Another revelahell shall not prevail against you.

tion, one of the most remarkable in the history (D. & C. 98:22.) of Joseph Smith, was received 'on February

16, 1832. The Prophet and Sidney Rigdon

were engaged in the revision of the Scriptures. All others, who are not classed as sons of

They had already learned that the rewards of perdition, will be "redeemed in the due time of men vary according to their deeds in the flesh. the Lord."That is, they will all be saved. The

Then, heaven as the place where the departed meanest sinner will find some place in the righteous one will live, must include a variety heavenly realm. But somewhere, sometime,

of divisions. On this point, the Scriptures, he must pay the price for his sins. All this

modern and ancient, were silent. is in line with the love of the Father for his

As the two brethchildren.

ren were considerThe redeemed will be assigned, according to ing this question their works, to one of three great classes or prayerfully, they regradations of glory: the terrestrial, the telestial,

ceived a vision and the celestial. In each of these there may

Evidences which cleared up be innumerable subclasses, for the waywardthe unsettled quesness of man takes on many aspects and thereAND tion.seen byThisboth,vision,and fore demands many different judgments.

so testified to, of... every man shall receive according to his own

Reconciliations itself one of the works,prepared.his5 own dominion, in the mansions which are

most compelling eviCL dences of the auThis came as a body blow to the manmade thenticity of the theologians of a world which had taught an

Prophet's divine hereafter composed only of heaven and hell;

calling, now apall would be either in heaven or hell.

pears in the DocTo the Church came the understanding that trine and Covein the hereafter, as here, under the law of nants as Section 76. progression, in every assignment there may be

It gives the first progression, in the higher glories more rapid glimpse of the orthan in the lower glories. No glory is hopeless.

ganization in the The love of God for his children overshadows heavens. all else.

Those who have These two great revelations ( Doctrine and the truth and afterCovenants Sections 19 and 76) have completely wards deny the changed the world's conception of the payment

Holy Spirit and the in the hereafter for sins committed on earth, and

Redeemer, of the eternal destiny of man.

to the i/uedtltons w Svndu/er The word hell, when used in these revelathese are they who tions, refers to the abode of the devil and his shall the into go away lake of fire and brimugly brood. As used in the Bible, it has the

stone, with the devil and his angels same connotation.

the only ones on whom the second death shall And of In the Christ of Latterday Jesus Church 4 power. have any

hell. Saints, there All will find is no a measure

The figurative term, "the lake of fire and of salvation; all must pay for any infringement

brimstone,"is used here clearly to indicate the of the law; but the payment will be as the Lord

is graded salvation, and dwelling place of the devil and his hosts. Very may decide. There

few will be so condemned, because very few this may be a more terrible punishment: to feel

have the knowledge indicated. Denial of the that because of sin a man is in one place, when

truth by those who have not a perfect knowlby a correct life, he might be in a higher. The

edge does not merit the greatest punishment of gospel of Jesus Christ has no hell in the old those to be classed as sons of perdition. proverbial sense.

*Ibid., 76:3637. sIbid.. 76:111.

JANUARY 1951 15 L.D.S. TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

I could paraphrase it and say, "The whole purpose of life is to bring under subjection the animal passions, proclivities and tendencies, that we might realize the companionship, always, of God's Holy

Spirit."I think that is the ideal. One

chief purpose of life is to overcome evil tendencies, to govern our appetites, to control our passionsanger, hatred, jealousy, immorality.

We have to overcome them; we

have to subject them, conquer them, because God has said: "My

spirit will not dwell in unclean tabernacles, nor will it always strive with man."(See Gen. 6:3; D. & C.

1:33.) The principle of selfcontrol lies at the basis of reverence and good order in classrooms. I do not know

how to define reverence, but I do know how to classify or to place it as one of the objectives of nobility,

I

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

\yiTH faith, loyalty, and quorums, and officers in auxiliaries devotion in their hearts can supply. I have in mind the

our pioneer forefathers need of more reverence in our toiled in a raw wilderness houses of worship, better order and for forty years to fashion discipline in our classrooms, in quoattributes of and build this magnificent groups.rum meetings, and in auxiliary indeed,deity. one of the

temple as a perpetual symThe more Love is the we try to cultivate divinest the attribute of bol their of reverence for attributes of the the Savior, soul. human the stronger I am not so sure

in God, their protector and dewe become is character but sympathy spirin and next to it—symliverer. ituality, those and pathy are the for the afflicted, two great for our

purposes of life: so to live that we brethren and sisters, for suffering

may be susceptible to the inspiration animals. That is a godlike virtue.

of the Holy Ghost and to his guidKindness is also a sublime virtue.

ance. The first sentence in what is now

I do not know who it was who known as the Psalm of Love is I have on my mind at this time but one message. I wrote many years ago that the this: "Love suffereth long, and is

am going to make one appeal to this whole purpose of life might be kind."(Seel Cor. 13:4.)

vast I of audience leaders. believe summed up in these words: "to subin However, thinking, my I am isthere one great need in the Church due matter that realize we might the to prompted place reverence to nextwhich you presidencies of stakes, ideal."love. Jesus mentioned it first inbishoprics of wards, presidencies of I first I that, read When thought the Lord's prayer: "... Father Our16

which art in heaven, Hallowed be Charles Jefferson, the author of interest. There was so much

thy name..."hallow—to make The Character of Jesus, writes: boisterousness, so much confusion, holy—to hold in reverence. "Men in many circles are clever, so much noise, that she felt heartWhen Jesus cleansed the temple, interesting, brilliant, but they lack sick; and as she arose to leave, she

he was filled with reverent indignaone of the three dimensions of life. said to the teacher: "I thought this

tion because men were desecrating They have no reach upward. Their was a Sunday School class, not a

his Father's house, selling doves conversation sparkles, but it is bedlam!"

and lambs to be offered as sacrifrivolous and often flippant. Their I have said something about selffice. Moneychangers were there talk is witty, but the wit is often at control, selfmastery, as being one

for the convenience of those who the expense of high and sacred of the fundamental purposes of came from other countries, so they things."life. You see it exemplified in the

could give in local currency their You can tell a true soul of wit life of the Savior on the Mount of temple contributions. Seemingly, in by the things of which he makes Temptation when he resisted the

their own eyes, they were justified, light. The best humorous writers tempter, who said: "If thou be the

but they were doing these things in avoid making light of religion or of Son of God, command that these sacred things. stones be made bread"—an appeal

Jefferson continues: "One* finds to his appetite. "Man shall not live

this lack of reverence even in the by bread alone, but by every word church. In every community there that proceedeth out of the mouth of

God.""If thou be the Son of God,"again strong in his taunting, "cast 'J'he more we try to thyself down: for it is written,"cultivate the attrihe quotes scripture—"He shall give

butes of the Savior, the his angels charge concerning thee:

stronger we become in and in their hands they shall bear character and spiritualthee up, lest at any time thou dash ity. thy foot against a stone."

"It is written,"said the Savior, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God."are those treat of who the House

In the next temptation Satan is treat as they enter- a streetcar, God not taunting, but pleading: "All

leaving ing it and they it when these will things I give thee,"showplease. habitual Even church ating him the kingdoms of the world,

tendants often surprise and shock "if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

That is a lesson of life. The

tempter was foiled, taunting at first, 5u f-mildevit <Jjauld \J. tvlcU\a!/ strong in his assurance that he

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY could tempt, but at last pleading, and finally banished. "Get thee

hence, Satan: for it is written,

Thou shalt worship the Lord thy

God, and him only shalt thou the House of God. We are told one by their irreverent behavior in serve."And angels came and minthat he overturned the moneythe House of Prayer. Those istered to him. (See Matt. 4.)

changers* tables said and to the persons are not ignoramuses or baris then, there life a lesson of Nowsellers of doves, "... these Take barians; they are simply undevelall. to us tauntingly Satan temptsthings hence; not make Father's my in oped the virtue of reverence."us, unless resist and in have and wehouse an house of merchandise."classrooms Our are sometimes higher mind a goal the than mere (John 2:16.) places of boisterousness. Here indulgence or gratification of the "Reverence,"wrote Ruskin, "is where need teachers. we good physical, Ais are going to we weaken,the noblest state in which a man teacher present can who lesson a the and tempter will in gain live incan the world. is Reverence interestingly will have order, good strength.

one of the signs of strength; irand when he or she finds students The lesson

reverence, one of the surest indicawho are rebellious, flipping papers, of selfcontrol tions of weakness. (Continued on following page) No man will paying attention, no stumbling, should begin

rise high things. jeers at sacred who another, kicking one he or she may in childhood,

The fine loyalties of life must be know that the lesson is not being in the home.reverenced or will they be foreproperly presented. Perhaps it was Little children should a sense havesworn in the trial."of day not even properly prepared. of to freedom do as they wish up

(From address an delivered at the Saturof our mothers recently One to point. a certain that point went Beyondday evening priesthood held meeting durto class School a Sunday to try to they that cannot go, and is whening the 121st semiannual general conference, September 30, 1950.) find out why her son was losing that freedom interferes with the

JANUARY 1951 17 might be termed its companion book,

REVERENCE {Continued from preceding page) The Doctrine and Covenants.

Surely this is not the kindly, gentle rights, comfort, or convenience of Reverence should be particularly Jesus, as most Catholics are taught to another member of the family. manifest in sacrament meeting, in know him, but just as surely in the

I have told before about an inciquorum meetings, in Sunday School, Doctrine and Covenants this is the dent that occurred in a zoo. It is in M.I. A., in Primary, yes, and in voice of Jesus as he spoke to the Apossimple, and some probably may Relief Society. This is a missionary tles, the Pharisees and scribes, and all

think we should not go to the Church. People come here for light the people during his three years of

monkeys for lessons. I think they and knowledge, for instruction, and public ministry on earth. Consequently,

can teach us some. Sister McKay

and I stood one day, I believe it was at San Diego, watching a mother monkey with a newborn babe. She was guarding it, her

quick eye watching the other monkeys in the cage; but the little babe

was free to do just as it pleased, hopping around, weak in its infancy, getting hold of the bars, starting to climb. When it would

reach a certain place, the mother would reach up and bring it back.

When it got into a danger point, that mother instinctively guarded it and said, "Back this way."And

then the babe was free again, but only within certain limits.

I said to Sister McKay, "There is a lesson of life in guiding children."

In the classrooms children should be taught, should be free to discuss, free to speak, free to participate in classwork, but no member of the class has the right to distract another student by jostling or—Religious News Photo

, because.. pupilsit wantdisturbsto somebodytalk andmaking light and frivolous remarks. theyGoodwantorderto whisperin the classroombut they cannotis essentialdo it

And I think in this Church, in the else.

priesthood quorums and classes and in auxiliaries, teachers and superyour instructions, I and taking it began to find right a when have it. they to permit not intendents ought to a twice week missionaries came they come. child the injures Disorder who meetings. cottage hold a letextract following from The it. learn that should makes He I to Church taken some was Then First to Presithe ter that came is in there are cersociety hewhen miles three in Rodeo, over meetings

illustrate will last dency week my tain things he cannot which do I that each admit here, must and from with impunity. He cannot trespoint: time I have returned home brokenpass upon the rights of his associhearted and mourning to myself, "Oh,

of your ago two one month About the have surely you made Jesus, poor ates.

to with a missionaries door came my life in in failure your miserable most

I a Since of Let children learn this lesson in Mormon. am Book anew your Church to establish trying for writer a our Catholic and they get out Catholic, because youth when people."these with

I press, since acquainted and am fully to trespass in against society and try the bread of distribution the During our doctrine Catholic with Holy and feel will the restrainlaw, they the spirit of I discern no can water and offer first of Bible, I at the refused ing hand and probably suffer punthe Book of Mormon. They, howprayer or prayerful reception among

ishment. ever, persisted, and as I have perthe congregation. They are just as

Good order in the classroom is mission to read other books, it being liable to be smiling and whispering to-

I am gether as not, scarcely discerning the essential to instil into the hearts given me by my pastor since a writer, I finally took the book. Of body of the Lord.

and lives of young men and young course you might well guess what women the principle of selfcontrol. happened. Having been trained durYour own defects to know,

They want to talk and they want ing my sixteen years as a Catholic Make use of every friend to whisper, but they cannot do it to recognize the truth when I see, hear, and every foe.

well fail it, I could not very read because it will disturb somebody or of On September 13 there came to also that the Book recognize to else. Learn the power and lesson Mormon is true. This was even more my desk this letter from one of our

of selfmastery. the case when they later brought what stake workers:

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I refer to pronounced irreverence in perfect as it is at this moment in The meeting was held on the our church services, with the noise, this building. A baby's voice, perthird floor of a public hall. In the

laughter, and confusion that often achaps, somewhere, but God is not adjoining room the sisters were presuch This is a condition.companies the lunch. voice, paring could hear displeased baby's with a We

criticism for considerableresponsible of the rattle the parents tin pans of other are others and and when and dissatisfaction and results in abreverently thinking of the covereceptacles. Ten o'clock came, and

senting from the meetmembers many stake missionaries are nants they are making. However, there was still noise. It was fully homeings. Our

seriously handicapped in their work as the writer of this letter seems to five minutes before there was order.

many fear to bring investigators to our have had a different experience. Six months from that time when

meetings while this condition of ir- I plead with you to develop this we held a meeting with the elders reverence prevails. Christlike attribute of reverence in in that district, prior to the opening

The trouble is often intensified by our houses of worship and better of the conference, we said: "Brethreason of frivolous remarks by speakdiscipline in our classrooms. And ren, the Lord is not displeased with

ers stand outbursts and on the of I believe greetings, love expressions of that you brethren can our the audience,laughter from in which in it. lead is disbrotherhood, but he and feel free children participate.the to

This is a sad admission in connection I remember in 1923 attending a pleased with the irreverent attitude, with the true Church of Jesus Christ. conference at Burnley, Liverpool and we have some choice people,

Irreverence in God's house is not Conference. Brothers and sisters strangers who are not used to this

conducive to the best interests of the came from various parts of the disfree intercourse of greetings so sacrament administration, and God trict, happy to see one another, as characteristic of Latterday Saint meetings. So tomorrow morning,

after you have greeted your friends from various places, without any announcement, at seven minutes to ten o'clock, you quietly take your seats. Do not say a word. You

just go to your assigned places."

They did so, and at four minutes to ten o'clock every member of that district in attendance at the conference, following the example of the missionaries, was in his or her seat, and there was order even before the hour of opening arrived.

It is said "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them,"(Matt. 18:20) and I tell

you when He is present we should be reverent.

Someone said if Shakespeare were to enter this hall tonight, we should all stand up to greet him, but if Christ entered, we should fall on our knees and worship him.

God bless you, brethren, as The lesson of selfcontrol should begin in childhood, in the home. leaders in Israel, as guides to youth,

to increase your influence with those among whom you labor. The Lord

must be displeased with the insincerity you missionaries know they are, help us to sanctify our houses of worship, that our chapels may inof his children who partake of the shaking hands—members of the

sacred emblems carelessly, devoid of Church happy to see the elders deed be sacred places in which we reverence that should characterize true shaking hands with them, and the meet to worship God, I pray, in the worship. elders joining in social greetings. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I should like to say here that my observation leads me to believe that ttJeverence,"wrote Ruskin, "is the noblestwe have made a wonderful step toward improving this condition. I state in which a man can live in the world.

have not been in a house of worReverence is one of the signs of strength; irship, either in Sunday School or reverence, one of the surest indications of weakin sacrament meeting, where the ness. No man will rise high who jeers at sacred

order during the administering of things. The fine loyalties of life must be

the sacrament has not been just as reverenced.

JANUARY 1951 19 The battle really has given zest to existence. Moreover, and this gives

courage to weak man, history records that in every struggle evil has gradually been defeated and at length has "BE OF GOOD been beaten down.

Incarnate evil, despite its assiduous endeavors, has always lost ground.

Final victory has been on the side of right.—Illustrations by H. Armstrong Roberts

Thereby have come man's marvelous conquest over surrounding forces, and the steady improvement in the last with dread, for example, upon the few hundred years of the conditions A-bomb, and the theoretical H-bomb, of the human race. Always, if on and other devices of somewhat lesser

the side of righteousness, man has horror, produced by the misuse of managed to banish the gilded tyranny powers placed in the hands of man. At

of evil. the worst, their effects will be local,

Yet, despite the lessons of the past, and minimized as the common sense of fear, unnecessary fear, lurks in many the nations develops.

human breasts. What of tomorrow? The frequent, recent fear arises that

is shouted by the forces of evil. In a day may come when the whole world

the consequent din is forgotten the will be annihilated by an atomic chain glorious promise that "Sufficient unto reaction. That is an idle fear. It is

the day is the evil thereof."(Matt. not yet within the power of man and

6:34.) Forgotten also is the ancient may never be. The earth is old; the

stars in the sky, made of earthlike elements, are old. Earth and stars have

jEN who lay aside fear belong hung in space. The universe is

going rays—come the masters of the day. not

in our not be to day—ofexplode intothatatomicwe may

certain. That fear is groundless and

its accompanying dread should out.OURuncertainty,day is oneandof fear.muchThisconfusion,unhaptruthchief weapon.that fear isMakethe devil'sa man firstor a andnabewithcast

py condition is worldwide. Too tion afraid, and his strength, like that of Civilized man needs food and clothmany mature people look with sincere Samson shorn of his locks, is gone. ing and shelter. In the turmoil of the

longing upon the past; youth on the He is no longer useful in the work new day, he fears that he may be dethreshold of life's activity are inclined of the world. He becomes a tool of prived of these necessities. He forto view the future with distrust. There the unholy forces which seek to degets that the earth has not changed,

is a feeling of helplessness in the air. stroy mankind. except in spots. As the seasons come

The enthusiasms of life are vanishing. Gideon, mighty man of ancient and go, the needs of man will be

This is neither natural nor normal. Israel, was called to rescue his people supplied by mother earth as in the past,

It darkens the day and clouds every from a sevenyear oppression by the if man does his part. It is easy to

task. It develops slavery to unknown, Midianites and associated people. He awaken a fear; as easy to banish it if

dreaded forces. It is destructive of raised therefore an army of thirtytwo reasonable thinking is used.

joy. to fight the thousandhuman enemy. But men is the there fear other Then ofdays, in those in ours, battles This should as not be so. were The new "with concepthe wrong

world, world, our not but one by numbers made won by audiby men of men—peopletion of life, is to a neighbor whom

ble, visual, and physical communicaquality. So he was commanded to but a tool with which to protect themtion, and by the free interchange of proclaim: selves, often to satisfy their lusts. To

personal opinion, should yield days life has the no meaning beyond fearful let them afraid Whosoever andof satisfactions such as not have been flesh of the not day. do They know return. there returned him of the peoAndis before.known is spiritual the the world, greater which... ple twenty thousand. and two (Judqes

is evil in the There world, deever world. travpowerful more and Such 7:3.)

signing to destroy humanity. That elers in the muck of life promise much

goes without saying. Evil offered itIt was a high percentage. It is to gain their ends, but keep no promise.

self to the first man; it will pound, probably as high in the world today. Such men are more dangerous than

however uselessly, on the ears of the Nevertheless Gideon's army was material weapons, however horrible.

last. Evil forces, in whatever disguise, stronger because the faithful ones were Usually, evil philosophers use evil

must be fought, desperately if need left. Fear never fails to lead a man material tools. The great danger in

be, and brought to their knees; else or a group of people to weakness and these philosophies is, however, that

life's sweetness will disappear. This to ultimate failure they simulate truth. They are deceiving; and by their deceit often secure as

We J-Jistory records that in every struggle evil has gradadherentsshould forotherwiseour protectionhonest people.uncover

ually been defeated and at length has been beaten these masked evils.

down. Here also, fear is futile. Righteous

men if united are masters of their battle between right and wrong, beThe fears of man are legion. They outgenerationall suchandfears,canandandshouldshouldsternlycast

tween good and bad, has been waged, float to the surface from submerged set about to root out such weeds of and often has raged, through the corners in our consciousness. They existence. False teachings fall before

generations of time, and will continue are often the products of our imaginatruth.

to the end. tion.

better for It would be man's hapin men, Normal the of made Really, image fear? to have what we to substitute piness for fears such aGod, have always first. cheerfully accepted cal destruction, perhaps, WePhysicontrol are proper of of the use his powers,the challenge evil of as of life. part a naturally afraid pain. of look We his of natural whether endowment, or

those that have been discovered by

Delivered as a Church of the Air address. the patient searchers for truth. For

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here is a message for the New Year... aCourage"word of hope to a confused and fearpiled world.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

turned to nervewhipping drugs, which providences of the Lord, righteousness example, there should be less glibness often have become daily companions, will triumph on earth. The Lord's

about the use of atomic energy in or to the shame of immorality, or to purposes will prevail. That knowledge

warfare, and more about its possible the mania of chance. To such perdrives out fear. The highest attainable

use in peaceful arts. More should be sons, fear may temporarily be lost in joy of man, of any man, is the certainty

said about the futility of war with its the brutality of sinful indulgences, but that he lives in a purposeful world devilish destruction of human life and it remains under cover to poison the made for his good. Fear cannot dwell

property. More should be said about full joy of life. There is no happy with such a faith.

the nobility of man, and his possible future for mankind, no removal of fear, Those who do not believe in a purGodlike approach when he uses his while in the society of sin. poseful world are to be pitied. They

time, talents, and power to supply More terribly fearbegetting is the cast God out of their lives. They are

natural human needs. Whenever that is doctrine that the world in which we atheists, creatures without home or

done, much fear will disappear. More live is purposeless. anchorage. Thrown back upon themshould be said about the good earth Freedom from fear comes only when selves, upon their own weak powers,

with no help but that of men, such persons are unspeakably lonely. Fears

overtake them and force them to seek unnatural excitements. The convictions of such men rest upon insecure

foundations. They cannot be safely

followed.

The confusion and contention, the uncertainty in the world, come from the failure to take God into partnership in the acts of our daily lives. We must

battle for the right, if needs be. Give

jV evil no quarter. To put trust in God,

when we have done our best, is the final refuge of mortal man. Men must

give heed to God's voice as heard through the centuries. If that is done,

all is well; but when the Lord is forgotten, disaster overflows the world.

All who have fear in their hearts should turn willingly to him who created the earth and all upon it. The

wise ones of old have warned us.

When ancient Israel was depressed, as many are today, Moses spoke to them:

Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the Lord

thy God, he it is that doth go with thee;

he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

(Deuteronomy 31:6.)

,::&. Witt; And David, king of Israel, completed

the thought:

As the seasons come and go, the needs of man will be supplied by Mother Earth as in the past, if man does his part. Wait on the Lord: be of good courage,

and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait,

I say, on the Lord. (Psalm 27:14.)

and its willingness to yield bountifully the earth and all upon it are conceived to man's toil. An evil philosophy of to be expressions of a mighty divine Though all this is true, all who seek

life can best be stifled when it is given purpose. The unhappy ones of this age, to drive away fear must be active in

no corner in the discussions of men. which is full of possible joy, usually the battle. Evil, the cause of fear, will

Clubs would do better to discuss the can see no purpose in life. That is a turn to good only as righteousness

principles of our own free governgreat calamity, perhaps the greatest in prevails. The Lord will solve all

ment than the remote doctrine of an human lives. The Lord placed his earthly problems only as man makes

ancient poet. Whether fear shall enchildren on earth in his love for them himself worthy of divine help. Men

gulf us or not is a matter in our own and for their good. They are here must be "anxiously engaged in a good

hands. in harmony with this mighty, divine cause,''the cause of the Lord. We

Men who lay aside fear become the purpose. must be vocal in our opposition to

masters of the day. Our purposeful world is under the evil; we must be eager to cast evil

It is a pity that many who allow direction of the Lord. It cannot be out from among us. In the home cirthemselves to fear seek refuge in the conceived that the Master would place cle, in our churches, in our places of

temporary forgetfulness that follows his children on earth and then forget toil, wherever we walk and talk, as the satisfaction of unnatural appetites. them! That is not the method of Dimembers of society and as citizens of

Instead of a wise and intelligent apvinity. Chance does not rule in the our land, we must stand as enemies of

proach to the apparently difficult heavens or on earth. Men who harbor evil. There must be no yielding to the

problems of life, multitudes have fear may rest assured that in the {Concluded on page 35)

JANUARY 1951 21 B.Y.U. President Ernest L Wilkinson

...One Of U

Throngs who heard Dr. Ernest

L. Wilkinson speak at the Diamond Jubilee convocation at

Brigham Young University, OctoDIRECTOR, EXTENSION DIVISION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, AND ber 16, have no doubt that the newMEMBER MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION GENERAL BOARD president of this great educational institution of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is of come teachers of law. With straight lems to solve, that would have

home stock. "A"grades, he was awarded the challenged any lawyer, but I think

Born May 4, 1899, at Ogden, degree of Juridical Science from... that at every stage of the proUtah, of pioneer parents, he attended Harvard University. In the pursuit ceedings, after the possible courses

Ogden public schools, Weber Colof these academic goals he found were analyzed, the right course to lege, and in 1917, entered Brigtime to edit the school paper, be bring the results seems to have been ham Young University, from which president of his class, manage a chosen in every case."

he was graduated in 1921. The program for underprivileged mothThe ability to analyze the reasons

people of Ogden and Provo know ers and children, and engage in for failure and success in a given him as the youth who came up other civic endeavors. situation was shown early in his

through the offices of the priesthood Then followed several years* exyouth, when as a farm boy he sent in the old Ogden Tenth Ward, and perience as a professor of law at to a midwestern farm for special who served in the auxiliaries of the New Jersey law school; practical eggs. With these select eggs and

ward and stake, as so many hunapplication of the law as a member an old incubator, he won prizes at dreds of Latterday Saint boys have of the firm headed by Honorable the next county fair with his Legdone. Charles Evans Hughes; a law parthorns.

His father, Robert Brown Wilnership with Walter Moyle in 1935; As a young man, he was very

kinson, worked two shifts each day and finally, the organization of his timid. Frugality and sacrifice were

during the greater portion of his own law firm in Washington, D. C, necessary. He was not born on

married life to provide the means in 1940. that side of the tracks in Ogden

for a large family and to make it Three things seem to characterize where the big homes were located.

possible for the children to continue the new president of the Church Aided by an understanding mother their schooling. His father, now university: a keen mind, boundless and a hardworking father, he saw

eightysix years of age, is living energy, and devotion to the Church, that he must overcome timidity, obwith his son. From his Danish Dr. Wilkinson enjoys the happy tain more schooling, and pursue a

mother, Cecelia Andersen Wilkinfaculty of being able to analyze vocation if he would get ahead in son, Elder Wilkinson received the quickly the question under discusthe world. Debating was a means

inspiration to acquire an education sion and of stating clearly the facof overcoming fear of standing beand the constant encouragement to tors involved. He realizes that the fore people, and so he joined a deachieve. Years later this same question "why"is the first to be bating group. It was his careful

mother demonstrated her love for answered in any problem, although exposition later as a member of the the finer things when at the age of it is often the hardest to get an- B.Y.U. debating team which helped

sixtyfour she turned to painting. swered. his colleagues win an important deMany of her choicest art pieces

adorn the walls of Dr. Wilkinson's

home. Others have been shown in J-Je becomes president in an hour when the world cries

art exhibits from coast to coast. out for men and women who not only have the acaShe died in 1945. demic hnowhcnu, but also faith in God and mankind

this good from The stimulation and in the ultimate triumph of righteousness and truth. carried Elder not onlymother

Wilkinson through Brigham Young

University, but also by 1926 Of his prosecution of the Ute bate with Princeton University. One

through the George Washington cases, for which he has achieved of his opponents on the Princeton

University law school, summa cum national recognition, Honorable team is now one of the leading lawlaude with the LL.B. degree. Owen J. Roberts, former Justice of yers of New York City. They have

Many students would have been the United States Supreme Court, become fast friends. Elder Wilkincontent with this achievement, but said: "As I read the record and son's rise to fame as a lawyer and

President Wilkinson went on to obthought how I would approach the his success as a churchman and tain a fellowship at Harvard and situation [with which Mr. Wilkinteacher form a story of intelligent

finish there an advanced course deson was confronted], I realized that planning and careful choice of exsigned for those intending to bethere were some very difficult probperiences.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J)r. Wilkinson takes the helm

as president of the Brigham Young University at a time when

Chancellor Hutchins of the University of Chicago asserts, "The most characteristic feature of the modern world is bewilderment."

build up the branches and wards and stakes in eastern seaboard cities. He sought opportunities for

humble service to serve as a ward teacher, on M.I.A. committees, and

in similar ward activities. He believed in the power of the gospel to

help people in their home life and in their vocational pursuits. He believed that its precepts, if practised,

would bring happiness. He sought

his Heavenly Father in prayer before going into the courtroom on important law cases. Again and

again his voice has been lifted in no uncertain terms in defense of, or in explanation of, some gospel principle.

He firmly believes that young, healthy Latterday Saint couples, even though they live in city apartments, should have more than the

Left to right: Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, Douglas, Alice Ann, Ernest Ludlow, M. D., Marian, Mrs. Ernest token family of one or two children.

L., and David. -'Photograph by Glogau He and his wife, Alice, have three

sons and two daughters. Ernest

Ludlow Wilkinson, the eldest son, was graduated from the "Y,"later

In order to carry out these plans, It also resulted in judgments agfrom Johns Hopkins Medical School however, great physical energy was gregating nearly $32,000,000, inand is now an assistant resident necessary. This he possessed in cluding the largest final judgment physician in a large city hospital.

abundance. It was Walter Moyle, ever rendered by that court. In The eldest daughter, Marian, was

partner of Dr. Wilkinson when they testifying as to the services rengraduated from the "Y"and is now

practised law together in Washingdered in the Ute cases, Mr. Justice serving as a missionary in Texas.

ton, D. C, who said: "There are Roberts has testified, "When you Alice Ann, the younger daughter,

done, at the this look that was country today work few who men in at school is attending B.Y.U. Two

skill that realize was enormous drive the equal of you energy can and sons, Douglas, younger David and

Ernest L. Wilkinson."Of course required from the very start to win are anticipating the time when they,

the law was a "jealous mistress"these claims, skill in drafting juristoo, can enroll at the Church uniand very demanding of his energies, dictional acts, skill in preventing versity.

but it merely served to bring to the congressional legislation that would It has not been easy to rear a forefront the human dynamo in the have cut the amount of the claims, family of five and at the same time young westerner. The invitation skill in persuading the Department endeavor to reach the heights in a

to join the prominent Charles Evans of the Interior that these claims chosen profession. It could never

Hughes'law firm came because of were just and that the department have been accomplished without the the results obtained from days of ought to support legislation that understanding and support of his concentration applied to a difficult would give these Indians an opwife, Alice Ludlow Wilkinson. Eltax problem, on which that firm, on portunity to establish their equities, der Wilkinson first met Alice at

the recommendation of the Harvard and, I think, consummate skill in BY.U. when he successfully manLaw School, had sought his advice. the planning of the strategy of the aged the campaign of a fellow stuAs attorney for the Ute Indians litigation;... all the skill of a dent, Ray Olpin, now president of

he prosecuted one case in which the great advocate and a great trial the University of Utah, who ran testimony and exhibits received in lawyer."for student body president. Alice

evidence aggregated over 34,000 It was not into the law alone that was a candidate for vicepresident pages. One hearing in that case he poured his energy. As bishop of on the same ticket, and as Dr.

lasted for sixteen continuous weeks Queens Ward in New York and Wilkinson said recently, "She not—the longest continuous hearing in later as a member of the Washingonly received the vote of the stuthe United States Court of Claims. ton Stake presidency, he helped to (Continued on page 58)

JANUARY 1951?3

Tt was not only a problem in basketball—it was also a

problem, in life. The trouble was finding a way to

get over it.

bidding. to failed utterly there do his were He knew Turner Jack

to try to shoot well just as left to might play. That only seconds

knowledge weighed heavily on the moon as to try to drop in a him as he saw the ball coming to basket when that came over him.

him. He was in the clear—well, as He sank on a bench in the locker

clear as one ever could expect to room before pulling off his suit. His

be within twenty feet of one's own head dropped into his hands as he basket. The knowledge that he struggled to still the emotions that

could, and should, sink the twowere tearing him apart.

THE HERVE

&5u Mtv'm /j. S>chow iff -HIM

pointer for a victory for Lincoln Hal Nelson paused a second on flooded over him as the ball streaked his way past. His hand on Jack's

his way. Then the ball was in his shoulder, he said, "Tough luck, kid,

hands. but don't let it* get you. You played

He whirled to the basket. swell ball. Nobody can blame you

Through the corner of his eye he for missing one once in awhile."

saw a lanky guard bearing down That was swell of Hal. But Jack

on him, but there still was plenty knew what he must be thinkingof time. No need to rush it. His what all of them must be thinking.

eyes on the hoop, he made ready to A swell player, sure, when the goin a shoot. Then his muscles turned to ing is good—but he blows up

flabby flesh, and he was shaking pinch. When everything's going

like a leaf. Desperately he pulled our way and there's nothing to worhimself together, forced his musry about, he can drop them in from

cles into play. The guard was alany spot on the floor. He never

most on him now. Jack took one misses a bet—then. But when the

step forward and shoved the ball going gets tough, then we've got for the basket. only a fourman team. He blows

It rolled around the hoop, and up. Sure, a swell player, when

the lanky guard took it to safety as everything's so easy you don't need it dropped off the outside of the more than four.

ring. He kicked off his suit, oblivious

to the chatter around him. Silently

That wound up the game. Linhe took his shower, dressed, and

coln didn't touch the ball again in the few seconds before the final left.

gun barked. On his way out, he dropped in

at Coach's office. Coach looked up

Jack swallowed bitter tears and smiled. Jack liked that. He tears of anger and humiliation—as could still smile at you after you'd

he made for the shower. Never in thrown away his first league game all his life had he wanted to make

of the season.

a goal as he had wanted to make this one. And never in his life had "Tough luck, Turner,"he said

he felt so weak when the crucial cheerfully. "How do you feel?"

moment came. The pressure that Out of his shame, Jack said, "It

built up in him as the suspense rose wasn't luck, Coach."He could be

became stronger and stronger until honest about it, at least. "It was—

he no longer could control it. Then well—I just blew up!"It was out,

his muscles, so welltrained and reand he hung his head.

COuJt ""* sponsive when he was relaxed, {Continued on page 59) ome ua COME BACK!"

(I5u cU.ee yv. fafamet*

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

AND CONTRIBUTING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

here was a lump in his pany one's reckless adthroat which spread ventures became farther its choking contagion and farther apart as I to the hundreds who persisted to in my jaunt listened as he spoke. ruin. I defended my waning sense IN—PhotographA FEW MOMENTS,by HaroldI FOUNDM. Lambert

He expressed the deepest feelings of regret by saying to myself, 'It's ALL MY RESENTMENT CONE.

of his grateful heart. There was no nobody's business, anyway. It's my

pretense. I'll His soul reveled in the life live and I please.'Really adult members of the Aaronic freedom, born of penitence I and now, ask you far it astoday—'How Priesthood.

reformation. He was speaking to down can a man go? How mistaken "For some reason or other I let thanmore one Saints asthousand can he become permits he when in. sat ready down. him I made We insembled quarterly stake confersomething his to blind like senses to to fly at if he dared mention him ence. His unwritten hitherto that?'and

didn't. cigarets or whisky. he But

isunrecorded address reconstructed It "The Church? farththe was I all moments, In a found few my forhere the inspiration blessand est thing I from mind. Sure, my I bitterness, gone. my resentment, ing all of his story. read who may was a member. But no one seemed myself. couldn't understand What "I have a most remarkable wife,"to me, only want wife, and my why I getting with wrong me? was Washe began. loyal to the "She was she stuck remains a to mystery me soft?

Church and, as my sweetheart, coneven today. I really didn't blame "It was his kindness that got me.

fessed her love for me, but felt anyone for scorning me. In my sober A man can't fight someone who isshe could not outside marry the for long, anyway. HeChurch. I was baptized, mostly to kind—not

told loved me. the Lord 'The me

please her. I felt baptism into the

I said Lord?'to myself, could 'how

wouldn'tChurch do any harm, and all love that's after I've he done me his tvas kindness if girl getting that **Jt it meant for my It's alstrange, wrong?'you how

letwife, I'd that got baptize them me. me. 'What A the loves hope Lord even ways you

I I lose?'tocould said myself. can't someman don't though you understand how "I noticed her pained expression is one who fightkind—not you're can undeserving. he so when

of as embarrassment I continued for long, anytcay."left night, that there he "When after Ismoking our marriage. knew in heart peace than more was my

quit,she to wanted 'She'll me but—.

felt for years. said I had he He that,'get over I thought.

would be back. While I didn't want then "But habit the that came to appear anxious or even willing

Ialmost were becoming destroyed everything chermoments—and he should back, come I was

I I fewer all the Itished. had that sort first of knew at was fun time—these his he'd hoping promise. keep

life. I fool couldn'tthose night Saturday my drinking afwrecked

back, time time came "He and I myself. knew.fairs I the with boys. began When again, for years or more. two He I'ddrinking, feel bad when evening, I would there a gentle "One was treated as though me he a manlook at that wife mine. of firm drink But but the door. knock on The if the taught as gospel a I were medoes something to a fellow—it man who had called said just child.

asseems though it destroys the his enough about his for reasons and and "My wife I—we read values;sense of it numbs calling to his powers make throw want to me studied together, mostly the from

of perception. not recoghim off the place. He does I flushed light with Book of Mormon. That whichnize the deep smarting his anger! wounds Perhaps it was fear. More I fancied driven I had almost of out

inflictsfoolishness those it loves on he likely than feeling a of guilt was It soul her back. came was morethe most. wife put that with up How my to close the made want me it beautiful than or ever that wasme, I'll never know. in his door face. called to had He better to in a position I was recogof "The feelings talk remorse and the Church: to me about He nize the light? its To appreciatehumiliation always which accomin the working was for the program (Concluded on page 42)

JANUARY 1951 25 GILES

\vm s.

IlffiSli

The Blue Valley—the land the desert has reclaimed for its own

tract of three thousand tains. The time dates back to 1883. Burgess and Jonathan Hunt and

acres of fertile farmland Here were settlements, once prostheir families. Henry Giles, who A once under cultivation but perous and flourishing, whose names was later to become bishop, arrived

now abandoned; an ample water no longer appear on modern maps. in the fall of that same year. Orsupply for the most intensive irrigaThere are names that persist on ganization of the settlers under the

tion practices; a climate comparable these maps though the settlements Church communal system was efto Utah's Dixie—that this potendo not. One of these is Giles. fected. The establishing of a hometial wealth and homeland has lain Giles is easier to find on the map land, development of an ambitious

idle and unused for decades in a than in the field. It is thirtyfive irrigation system, and the planting

state where the experts tell us that miles east of Fruita, on State Highof crops marked the accomplishlittle further agricultural expansion way 24, sixty miles southwest of ments of that first year.

is economically feasible, stands as Greenriver, Utah. After its plunge Blue Valley lies, diamondshaped,

but one of southern Utah's strange down flaming gorges of the Capitol some eight miles long and four inconsistencies. Reef National Monument, the Fremiles wide at its widest point.

Here is a world both bleak and mont River flows through a series Roughly, the river cut its tillable lovely, as colorful as the Painted of level alluvial valleys that have land in two. Here was accounted

Desert, where a kindly and beautibeen enriched for countless thouroom for one hundred families. Two

ful river turns sour and belligerent sands of years with the silt and years were needed to build the in its course, and in keeping, topsoil of its mountain watersheds. canal which tapped the Fremont at

changes its name; where huge deThe first of these valleys marks the the Narrows, three and onehalf

posits of oyster shells that once present settlement at Cainville. miles above the site of the meetinghad their being at the bottom of the Some eleven miles below, the larghouse. In 1887, a log schoolhouse

sea, now grace a mountaintop; where est is known as Blue Valley. Here was built. In 1892, the meetingroads are dustbeds one minute and Giles was located. Nine miles house, also of logs, was erected, to

raging torrents the next; and where downstream one comes to Hanksbe later replaced by a stone struceleven-thousandfoot peaks merit ville in Graves Valley, where the ture. Its ruins stand today as alsuch insignificant titles as Blue Bell Muddy River joins the Fremont to most the sole memento of those

Knoll. Inconsistency, plus! form the "Dirty Devil."Time has eventful years. Previously, gatherIf such a world intrigues you, proved Hanksville to be the most ings and Church services were held

don't look for it along paved roads. prosperous and permanent of the in the homes and under boweries.

The nearest pavement is fifty miles three settlements. The townsite of Giles was dediaway in three directions, 160 miles While this article is primarily cated by Elder Francis M. Lyman

in the fourth. And the term roads concerned with Giles and the Blue

should be used advisedly in all Valley, the closely integrated life cases. Nor should you anticipate history of the three communities,

this region as a place of motels, Cainville, Giles, and Hanksville rechain stores, and hotdog stands. quires that due consideration be

Beyond the outposts of civilization given to all. Successfully or in

it is, yet a land not entirely primifailure, they fought a common tive and in the raw, for man has enemy, the river that with one hand been here before to leave behind gave them life and being and with the mark of his habitation, a mark the other sought to snatch them that was both a blessing and a away.

curse. It was in 1883 that Ebenezer

The locale is Wayne County in Hanks established settlement on the the alluvial valley of the Fremont Fremont at what is now Hanksville.

River that draws upon the waterOther families followed to take shed of the Henry, Boulder, Thoufoothold upstream. The first setsand Lakes, and Fish Lake mountlers in Blue Valley were Hyrum

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE TOWN THE W. WcCJLaLf"DIRTY DEVIL"TOOK &y C

in ofof the Council the Twelve -.:...:;;;;;:u-::::::.;.-.:.-.:: - '.::....;; Cainsville1893. Between and >.:::::;::::::::::::::.::>:..:,:....:.:.::..:

Giles, near Factory Butte, the flourishing community of Mesa had been established.

By the turn of the century, these settlements had achieved permanence and selfsufficiency. Bountiful crops of hay, fruit, vegetables,

melons, and grain were being raised.

The soil and climate proved particularly favorable for fruit culture, and the Blue Valley orchards gained a fame for the size, color, and quality of their fruit, which rivaled that of Utah's Dixie.

Ranchers grazed their cattle, horses, THE "DIRTY DEVIL"RIVER and sheep over the vast surrounding open range. Records reveal

that there were mining activities in of communities; Loa, Lyman, Bickdestructive urge by directing its

the Henry Mountains to the south. nell, Torrey, and Fruita. Lush green flow through the comparatively

Coal was obtained at nearby Facfields carpet the valley floor in striklevel stretches of the valleys where tory Butte from outcropping seams ing contrast to the towering red Cainville, Giles, and Hanksville which are still being exploited to and white velvet cliffs of the Capiwere later to be located. Slowed

this day. tol Reef formations. At Bicknell, suddenly in its headlong course

We read in printed word that by just for variety, the river spreads and guided through a tortuous 1919, itself over a great area of marshmeandering channel, the siltgorged lands, the Bicknell Bottoms, that stream dropped its burden of eroof settlement Giles in Blue Valley The soil the destruction. birdlife provide aquatic Thus was with one of sive

... vacated. beenhad with being enriched mounresting not only fine feeding grounds and

still dilapithe meetinghouse stood in a Thedated condition. Only three ranches reof the state—and in season gives tain fertility, but year after year the

mained in the valley.... our nimrods superlative duck and valley was being filled and leveled.

geese hunting. Here was an exemplification of a

It is thus that the visitor finds After leaving Fruita, the Frekindly nature at work: the valley

Blue Valley today, deserted, vamont dashes madly down gorges being exalted, the mountaintop cated by even the three diehard of the Capitol Reef and emerges brought low! Had the early settlers

ranchers who lingered precariously onto the barren desert that reaches of Blue Valley but recognized this in 1919. What is the story of the to the Colorado. Here it finds a program, and had they cooperated

rise and fall of the thirtysix year world almost treeless and void of with nature in maintaining the valchronicle? vegetation. Hot, dry summers, ley's natural settling basin, the

The answer is to be found in the sweeping winds, sudden torrential tragedy of Giles might never have life history of a strange and littlestorms, and flash floods have pracoccurred.

known river of dualmeaning, the tically denuded this watershed of Instead, a dam was hastily

Fremont and the "Dirty Devil."all soilholding vegetation. The thrown across the river at the NarThe story of the desecration of this deadly toll of erosion still continues. rows above Giles to divert water

homeland, one of the scarcelypubli- In season also, the stream carries into ditches. While offering adcized annals of Utah's past, thus great burdens of the gleanings of vantages as a damsite, the Narrows

becomes the story of a river and its high mountain origins, rich with was beset with fatal shortcomings.

man's misguided attempts to tame its the fertility of decaying leaves, One side butted against a staunch wild excesses. twigs, and other plant life—all rocky wall, but the other footed

The Fremont River begins its rushing down to the waiting arms into nothing but the loose, alluvial 150 miles of flow in the picturesque of the Colorado. soil. The area immediately above

Fish Lake basin at nearly nine But nature, appalled at such was inadequate as a reservoir. The

thousand feet altitude. In its dewaste of fertility, had, long before lake thus formed, when swollen by

scent it waters a narrow valley givthe coming of the white settlers, set flash floods and their debrisladen ing life and sustenance to a series up a check upon the Fremont's (Continued on page 42)

JANUARY 1951 27

s4mvat or

Swedish blacksmith founded a verse by Johannes Bohn on "The

DanishNorwegian newspaper Scandinavian edithe Tongue"—is Utah destined to bring inLATTER-DAY tor'sA in eyewitness rich account, in

spiration and delight to several genwhat journalists today would call erations of Scandinavian Saints. "human interest":Anders W. Winberg, who became SAINT A company of immigrants numberPatriarch Winberg before his death ing seven hundred, of whom four

in 1909 at seventynine years of hundred were from Scandinavia andage, was converted to the LatterIMMIGRANT the remainder ffom Great Britain, day Saint religion in 1851 while Ireland, Germany, and Switzerland, on a visit to Copenhagen. He arrivedat ten o'clockin Salt Lakein theCityevening.on JulyTheir1 8th

returned to Lund, Sweden, as a arrival had been expected all day, but missionary, closed up his smithy, it was first towards evening thatand in 1854 came to Utah with a—1876—definite word was received when they

large company of converts. He would arrive. Many hundreds of peoworked for a time in the Church plethemhadmanygatheredwho expectedat the station,to seeamongrelablacksmith shop on Temple Square, tives and friends from the Old World.

a Church "work project,"and There was great jubilee when the train turned later to merchandising. In pulled in. It was very interesting to

1867 he was called to preside over see the joy with which those who had been separated so long greeted each the Scandinavian Latterday Saint other in different languages and diameetings, and his sense of responsilects; tears of happiness rolled down

bility toward his brothers and sistheir cheeks on seeing each other ters from the north, his desire to again.

nourish their understanding of the Bishop Hunter had sent six wagons gospel and keep them informed of toandthefeeble.stationThereto accommodatewere no sick.theThenold

Church and community activities in the procession began to move, and a language they could understand, soon both those riding and walking led him in 1876 to establish Bikii reached their guarters at the Tithing ben ( The Beehive, a biweekly House Yard and its outbuildings. [The

(later weekly) newspaper in DannaviansHotel Utahfromcorner.]town andHere countrythe Scandihad

ishNorwegian, the written lanprepared an evening meal for the guage of the majority of the contired travelers, consisting of meat, verts. ( Swedish Saints could read new potatoes, bread and butter, cheese,

their sister tongue readily enough. and preserved fruits. The tables, some

sixty feet long, groaned under their

Bikiiben, begun on August 1, weight. There were no dishes,

1876, carrying the inscription "Holihowever, no plates, cups, knives, and ness to the Lord"on its masthead forks, of either gold or silver, to be (and a frontpage advertisement 5ia William, If Ifjuicier immigrantsseen; it had frombeen theexpectedfar norththat wouldthese

by the Eagle Emporium announcing have with them their own travel that its employees could speak Danrequisites, which generally are made ish) survived nearly sixty years. ENGLISH DEPARTMENT of iron, steel, and tin. Neither was

brought around by maidsin- foodIt became in that time the "welUNIVERSITY OF UTAH the beautiful Valkyries, waiting norcome guest"in the homes of Scanhelped themselves at will. Norbutwereall

dinavian Saints its editor had hoped there any liquors such as champagne it would be. It was an influential Scandinavian press in Utah is a or watered toddy—the company was

voice of the Church to the Scandifascinating record which the immisatisfied with the best and most healththat nature ful drink left of grantconverts themselves time thenavians gave and at same in mountain our so abundantlyregions—activities their of provides and their state their of ( Beginthem a voice own. Everything water. was crystalclear

ning in 1885, Svenska Harolden mind. Complete files of these newsso clean and neatly arranged that we

and in 1900 another Utah Posten papers are among the treasures could not resist the desire to help our dishes keep the to and ourselves in happily preserved the Andrew in theperformed same role Swedtable. the at company countrymen Histoat the Church room Jensonish. ) converts from abroad The

finished, these newcomers meal The Library. gifts, bearing most rian'shad come their of habit norththe follow did not

precious of all being the mother The selection which follows, ern ancestors in olden times, who, if tongue; and an organ in their own taken from the very first issue of history is correct, used to knock each

bones; the with other gnawed down items otherlanguage, being among far from an act of Bikiiben—which all greatly the they sleep sought but Brigham beisolation, served mediator as by carried an address friends at the of needed, homes some

tween two cultures, preserving the Young on the resurrection, an ediin the city, and others in the sheds old, introducing the new. The torial on the 24th of July,, and a built in the Tithing Yard.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From an address delivered at the un veiling of the Brigham Young Statue in the Rotunda of the Capita/ Building, Washington, D. C,

June 1, 1950

ISu tke Jronorabte

4ioevi {/[/. i5arkieu

VICEPRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES

Brigham Young

vv (lSulicIler o Wed

Thecupiedconceptthe whichmind noof doubtCongressocotherin thea physicianscience ofwhosurgery.was a pioneerNow, whatwest wasTerritory,then knownand asin thethe Northbattle

when it enacted the law proUtah comes forth with one of her at Kaskaskia in Vincennes and other viding that each state should be representatives. places in that vast territory conable to authorize the placement of It seems to be entirely fitting that quered it for the United States and

two statues in statuary hall, was an Brigham Young should be one of added it to the thirteen original exemplification and emphasis of the the representatives of the state of colonies and made the Mississippi right of local choice in the matter Utah. The history of the expanRiver, rather than the crest of the

of honoring its heroes. This law sion of the United States from a Allegheny Mountains, the western

did not place within the power of territorial standpoint as well as from boundary of the United States. Out

Congress the right to select the a standpoint of liberty, law, and the of that Northwest Territory came representatives of the various states. enjoyment of democracy and its the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,

It left that entirely up to the state expansion was one of the most part of Michigan, Wisconsin, and a which desired to honor two of its fascinating stories of nationmak- part of the state of Minnesota. Of

outstanding citizens. Some of the ing in the entire world. course the impetus to the expansion

states have not yet completed the As a Kentuckian I have always of our country which seems to have process of honoring two outstandbeen proud of the exploits of George been inevitable from the beginning, ing citizens here, but it will be done. Rogers Clark, a Virginian who came which seems to have been a part of

My own state of Kentucky was late to Kentucky during the American our destiny to march out across the in placing in this hall of fame two Revolution, organized a little band body of the midcontinent to the of her outstanding men. One of of pioneer soldiers, never numberPacific Ocean, was stimulated and

them a statesman of worldwide ing much more than 125 men who emphasized and made possible by recognition, Henry Clay, and the crossed the Ohio River, invaded {Continued on page 50)

JANUARY 1951 29 Ljeneatcn

Cdilor & i(oU TORLEIF S. KNAPHUS, gifted dent of the Reorganized Church.

sculptor of Norway, was baptized I am third cousin to Bertha Madison age in 1903, at the as a convert of Smith, as shown by the chart which Relinquishing prom- a twentyone.

ising career in his native land, he follows:

came to Utah. His rare talents have

for to producing devoted since been

Severt Alfsen Alfsike md. Astred Pioneers,"Temple on as "Handcart sculptures such his wellknown Church

/ statue and a Hill Cumorah, new on the of Moroni statue Angel the Square, of the Angel Moroni delivering the plates of the Book of Mormon to the Jan Severtsen Alfsike md. Mette L. Nesheim

Prophet. / In another line, he is equally distinguished. He is the happy possessor / /

Jansen Nesheim Martha Nesheim Jansen the Church, Lars the finest in of proportions, one of chart pedigree of mammoth a lines. grandfathers on many with linking him many up Lars Larsen Slotennaa/ Acke Hansen/ Mads

article. the in accompanying forefathers he tells those story of The / /

Mads Hansen Acke Lars Larsen Slotenaa Knaphus

Bertha Madison/ Torleif Severin Knaphus (md. Joseph Smith III)

in genealogiengaged been Ihave cal for over fortyfive The information I have gathered work years and am grateful for the on the genealogy of this family success I have obtained. At the beshould be of interest to the Smith

ginning of my search I knew only of descendants. In 1929 Mary Audenmy four grandparents. I had also tia Smith Anderson, daughter of

heard of two of my greatgrand- Bertha Madison, wrote and pubparents. Now, through the help of lished a volume on the genealogy of

the genealogists Jens Jensen and her grandparents under the title,

John Dalsbo, my friend Berge Velde Ancestry and Posterity of Joseph of Oslo, my wife, and my brother Smith and Emma Hale, in which she

Andrew, I have on record the names wrote on her Madison line:

of 442 grandparents on my direct lineage, connecting me with some forefathers who lived more than six hundred years ago.

In all my research I have used the greatest care and have checked and rechecked every link and every lineage to make sure that no mistake has occurred. This work was made Jorgen Eriksen, Bishop of Stavanger, Norway, often

more difficult because the church called the "Martin Luther of Norway."

books I needed to consult were burned in 1 789. ance the great estate called Eike in

As a result of this search, I find Vats. Here he made his home, and

that my love has been extended to thereafter the estate was called Alfevery one on this large record, just sike in his honor; and Alfsike beas if all were members of my living came the surname of the family.

family. I have used the utmost care My third greatgrandfather on

to record their names correctly and this line was Severt Alfsen Alfsike.

to attend to their temple work. He married Astred, a granddaughMy father's paternal line goes ter of the humorist, Olaf Gunnersen

through many changes of surnames Torsdal, the Lutheran minister of to one Knut Haaland or Ronda AetVats and Skjold. The latter was

ten, Erfjord, Norway. He was the son of another Lutheran minisknown primarily for his great ter, Gunner Michelsen, and grandlandDanielfor Jorgensen,32 years. Pastor of the Church in Hjelmewealth. He was born about the son of still another minister, Michel

year 1500. His son Olaf had a son Pedersen, born about 1530, my sevAlf Olafsen Shefton who married enth greatgrandfather. It is a matter of deep regret to her deEngeborg, a daughter of Elling SimAll of the ancestors of Severt Alfscendants that so little is obtainable cononsen, the Lutheran minister of Finsen Alfsike are also progenitors of cerning the ancestry of Bertha (Madison)

noy who assisted Bishop Jorgen Bertha Madison, wife of Joseph Smith. In Norway, where her parents were

Eriksen in the reformation to the Smith III of the Reorganized born,ties fordoubtlessextendingtherethe wouldresearchbe toopportuni-a period

Lutheran faith. This Alf Olafsen Church, and of their two sons, Fredfarther back than that of which we now

Shefton, my sixth greatgrandfa- erick Madison Smith, late president, have knowledge.

ther, received as part of his inheritand Israel Alexander Smith, presiThe difficulties of family research in 30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA famous Jorgen Eriksen, bishop of

Stavanger, often called the "Martin

Luther of Norway."He was bornGrandparents in Hederslev, Denmark, in 1535.

This marriage produced my eighth greatgrandfather, Daniel Jorgen- (lju SJonelf ). J\napkuS sen, a very good and much beloved

man. He was Lutheran pastor in

Norway are increased by the peculiar cusgreat-grandparents, Lendsman JoHjelmeland for thirtytwo years.

oil his painting wife of him and An the after people of there naming toms his and Stoka Osmundsen hanes is in live, the of Hjelmehanging church and they estates which or upon farms their Knudsen, and Brynela child, his wife, of for a the surname using of this to land wife, day. His Maren in the children, has hung many addition the with Christian father's name Nilsen, a greatgranddaughter was three for hun- "datter"over boy, in and case church of a "son,"at Vats of

in in of Pack, England born Jon In Mads in of a girl. case Norway the a Godfear- years. were dred They

first the 1490, book became who Ache, was Madison's..Mads name family. photointeresting Ache ing and A which the of farm upon the being printer in name a married Norway. He recently this painting of was graph lived. he girl, ancestors Norwegian whose

relative, Elder Enoch by made my to trace seventh 1 380. back two My Russon. is to gratifying It Wayne to know me greatgrandfathers, Nilsen Jacob

Hoge and Hans Rasmussen Pile were both sonsin-law to Daniel Jorgensen and Maren Nilsen, and were both Lutheran ministers.

Jens Pedersen Shjeldrup b. 1490, Denmark

Bishop of Bergen

Adreanna md. Jorgen Eriksen

b. 1535, Denmark

Bishop of Stavanger, called 'the

Martin Luther of Norway."

Daniel Jorgensen md. Maren Nilsen

Pastor of g.g.dau. of Jon Pack

Hjelmeland 32 yrs. of England

dughter md. daughter md.

Jacob Nilsen Hoge Hans Rasmussen Pile

Lutheran minister Lutheran minister 7th g.g.father 7th g.g.father

The large family of Johanes Osmundsen Stoka and Brynela Knudsen, 8th greatgrandparents of Torleif S. Knaphus. It will also be of interest to mention my third greatgrandparents,

that her ancestors, as well as mine, My father's maternal line deBjorn Johanesen Egeland and Sofia have now been traced so far back. scends from many notable clergyLarsen, who lived in married life

On the island of Ombo in Rogamen. Jens Pedersen Shjeldrup, my sixtynine years and had twenty land, Norway, lies an old estate tenth greatgrandfather, bishop of children—ten boys and ten girls

called Aukland. This was the home Bergen in Norway, was born in all of whom reached maturity and

of my maternal ancestors for many Sheldrup, Fyen, Denmark, in 1490. were respectable people in their

generations, back to my 14th greatHis daughter Adreanna married the community.

grandfather, Tolak Aukland, born about 1360. This family was of local

prominence, its leaders being called

Drotter or country chiefs. Their history was written on sheepskins and

was kept in a steel vault in Aukland.

My eighth greatgrandfather, Lagretsman John Jonsen Totland, was honored as a young man of thirtyone years by being selected as the representative of Rogaland to attend the coronation of King Christian IV, in the year 1591. His wife, Karen

Aagesen Nesa, belonged to another prominent family of Rogaland, tracing back to Arnbjorn, born about 1295.

An oil painting of my eighth for theThe Norwegianpicturesquebranchcity ofof Christianiathe Scandinavian(now Oslo),MissionNorway,was established.where the first headquarters of the Church

JANUARY 1951 31 VfeU Co\U-H-

Plsie dreaded to see the long, lonely days of %uinter set in.

onely * Lovely (lSia Afeien i5aker y4diam5

it, and the didn't seem to need all the careELSIE dreaded to see the long, almost before she knew lonely days of winter set in. flowers popped up again. and attention Elsie had expected

Winter made her think of old The second winter Mary, her to bestow on him. Even on bad

age, and old age made her think of sister's girl, had come, and the two days he had things to do in the the long, wearying years with poor women had cut and sewed on shop and came in only for lunch

Mama. Mary's trousseau. It was pleasant around noon and again whenever

Elsie was fortyfour years of to think of her niece in a new home the day's work was done. Their

age. She and Sam had lived on the of her own, now that she was maronly close neighbor was old Mrs.

farm since their marriage three ried, but Elsie knew that memories Crane. She lived alone in a little

years ago. The first winter wasn't wouldn't help much when a new black cottage a quarter of a mile

so bad. She was happy in her new winter set in. She kept remembering down the road. She had a cow and

home and was busy painting and Mama and how old she became, three pigs and some Plymouth Rock papering and fixing up the old suddenly, and lost all interest in hens. Sometimes Sam dropped in

house. There were droves of mice life, after Papa died. Elsie knew on his way to the back eighty to see

to outsmart, cracks to chink against she was a lot like Mama. That was if she needed the loan of a man's

the cold, and old pieces of Mama's going to be her problem. strength for some task she might be

furniture to refinish. It was all like Sam was out all day. He was a saving.

play after the hard years of caring selfsufficient outdoor man. He had "There's a good soul,"he would

for her mother. Then spring came been a bachelor so long that he (Continued on page 34)

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU CAN CET ALL THESE THE OHLY

AND MANY MORE TRACTOR WITH IMPLEMENTS FOR THE ONE MINUTE HOOKUP TO CASE VAC LOWCOST TRACTOR

IMPLEMENTS FROM TRACTOR SEAT

"FOR MY MONEY 2T great tractors in four power sizes and many models fit your acreage andTHE GREATEST BUY IN TRACTORS"cropoffer system.you exactlyGetthefulltractorinformationto from your Case

... says M. V. Harris. "My Model 'VAC has given dealer.

perfect satisfaction in every kind of work. It requires

little PENNY ON POSTvery service, CARD AND MAIL costs and fuel are amazingly low PASTE catalog, tractor Get folders. implement Mark all farmingon operations."for See yourself interest that machines write you; how easy in margin

the Eagle Hitch latches onto implements... how it othersRacine, youWis.need. J. I. Case Co., Dept. A-44,

pulls plows lowcost. in 2-plow at even depth tractor, Eagle uneven Hitch, "VAC"ground.. how O LatchOn implementsits balanced downpull helps steering both traction. and 2-plow tractor 4-5 "SC"tractor plow "LA"

Compare its implements with those for any other low- D 3-plow "DC"tractor Seedmeter grain drills cost tractor—for handy hydraulic control, for uniform Name;

penetration. Besides the great variety of Case implements, there are loaders, hole diggers, etc., built by Postofficespecialty manufacturers for the "VAC."Plan now for RFD -State.

the work ahead... see your Case dealer.

JANUARY 1951 33 LONELY TO LOVELY (Continued from page 32) tell Elsie. "You ought to go down ever seen, but Mrs. Crane's eyes

and see her."were twinkling, and her smile was

"Why, is she lonely?"bright.

"Lonely? Not that old lady!""It's my old knees again,"she

Sam laughed. "She is the least announced. "But it just means I

lonely of any person I ever saw."can start my winter project a little

But Elsie had never gone. She earlier."She waved her hand toavoided old people. She had no ward an easel by her bed and to

intention of becoming involved with flower arrangements sitting in every old age again nor did she plan to available spot in the room.

be a listening post for an old lady's "I can't get out much when winter dull memories. She remembered comes,"she explained, "so I have

Mama. my fun indoors. I paint pairs of

But this morning Elsie was thinkflower arrangements in watering about old Mrs. Crane because colors, and people buy them!"Elsie

of what Sam had said yesterday. could see that they were good.

"Our neighbor's not too pert,""But I can't stay in this bed long,"he had reported. "I stopped in to she went on. "I'll have to sell my

see her, and she's afraid she may pigs and hens and get rid of that have to take to her bed. But she cow. I'll never be able to look

That was yesterday, and there It's my old knees tormenting me. PROTECTION certainly keeps cheerful."after them this time. I can tell.

was no smoke rising from the little Won't you sit down, dear? Just

brick chimney this morning. Elsie move that bittersweet."

stood at the window a long time. "I'm looking forward to a good

She always tried to put herself in long winter,"the old lady continALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS the other person's place when she ued. "I'll hibernate and paint every

Alumatic aluminum doors are a was in doubt as to what to do. That day. But meanwhile, I'm going to

permanent improvement! Screen usually worked. let these old knees have a few days'

or storm panels quickly slip into "I wouldn't want to lie here sick vacation, so they'll let me get in my a strong aluminum frame that and helpless if I were alone,"she coal and winter supplies."She

never needs repairs! pat peno. told herself. "Oh, dear, I suppose I smiled at her visitor as she stopped

had better go down there and see to get her breath. "Dear, dear, what

how she is."is that?"She gave Elsie no chance

As she was about to leave the to speak. She was looking at the

ALUMINUM house she thought about Mama, little blue vase of sprigs in Elsie's

COMBINATION how hurt she sometimes felt when hand. "That's lovely,"she said very

STORM AND friends came emptyhanded. Mama quietly. "Did you fix it? You have SCREEN WINDOWS

save fuel by insulatwas like a child when she grew the knack, child. You primp them

the ing entire winold, always expecting presents. better than I do."opening! dow

rrf2E"3d> Elsie looked about her neat kitchen. Elsie emptied a little table and

Guaranteed * by \ FHA terms The redleafed begonia was outplaced the blue vase in the center Good Housekeeping *T| \{\ \\ ',1 1 -** growing its little yellow pot—a slip where Mrs. Crane could see it

from that would do. The flat blue comfortably.

For Complete Information vase on the clock shelf would be "Now,"she said at last. "You

CALL or WRITE just right for it with a tendril of think about that while I start a ivy, a pinch of sedum, a shoot from fire and feed those friends outside, the foliages. Elsie was almost and we will have a snack."

smiling as she. trudged through the By the time Elsie went home at

pasture and rapped on the weathernoon to fix lunch for Sam, she had 1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah beaten door. There was no answer. done some thinking. Old Mrs.

Phone 8-051 She tried the knob and called. Crane must be past seventy, and

"Yoohoo, it's Sam's Elsie. Are she was younger than anyone Elsie

r INSULATIONS, INC. you resting?"She listened. knew. She was full of life. She

South 1349 Main Salt City, Lake Utah "Come in, dear,"a gay, lilting could face the fact that winter and

Please send complete information on little voice called. "Come in here. I'm old age were a part of living to be

Alumatic Combination Doors and Winnot resting, I'm just rusting—rusting made the most of. She was looking dows.

away."She laughed. Mrs. Crane forward to finding happiness and

NAME was propped up in bed with a scarf beauty in the drab days ahead.

ADDRESS wrapped around her head and two "If my hands get like my old sweaters buttoned to the throat. knees,"she had chuckled, "I will

The bedroom was in a state of be in a pretty kettle. But I don't

shambles unlike anything Elsie had think they will. I haven't let my

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fingers rust. My only trouble is

getting out and gathering in the makings of my models."

"Could I.. would you like me

to help?"Elsie had asked hesitatingYEAR'S RESOLUTION ly. "This winter I could clip ideas NEW

tint pictures, pine cones, orderand flowers.seeds garden for our And TOMADMOMAND BITTER BOOKS

I have all sorts of vases and baskets Enrich your life and the lives of those you and figures of ducks and swans. I love—with the learning and faith gathered

have geraniums and African violets from these and other Bookcraft Church ediand begonias that bloom all winter. tions.these—TheandBookcraftmany moredealer—inoryouruse townthe conhas

I would love to help."venient order form below.

Old Mrs. Crane made no pretense of trying to conceal her joy.

When Sam came in for lunch, BIBLE STORIES for YOUNG

Elsie was studying the calendar.

"About three weeks until frost, LATTERDAY SAINTS don't you think?"She smiled. "I By Emma Marr Petersen

will be hustling to do everything I want to do before then. Do you Antion everlastingto Church literaturecontribusuppose between us we could look—beautifully but simply

after Mrs. Crane's stock until written stories of the $25

spring? I stopped in to see her Bible,cially forpreparedL.D.S. children.espetoday and I'll be dropping in oftener

theas soon as long, lovely days MORE NEW BOOKS... POPULAR REPRINTS in."set winterof

THE PRECIOUS LAND OF PROPHECY AND MODERN

PROMISE—Dr. Deta P. TIMES—Cleon Skousen $1.75

Be of Good Courage Neeley.$1.75

(Concluded from page 21) BRANCHES OVER THE WALL THE WORD OF WISDOM...

whisperings from the dungeons of Ora Pate Stewart. 1.00 Dr. lohn A. Widtsoe 2.75

will LIKEexistence. his FAITH add the Lord THE ANCIENTS Then OF MAN 2.75 PROGRESS N. B. Lundwall flee. will his blessings; fearpower and Joseph Fielding We need everywhere throughout A STUDY OF THE GOSPEL, Smith 2.25

strong sunlit are landour men who L. Cook VOL. II—A. STAY TO PRAY AND 2.50 HOW

for to face righteousnessenough 1.75 Skousen AWAKE—Max RESTORED the THEMES OF THE

enemy. GOSPEL—Dr. Sidney B.

When Gideon of old was left with Sperry 1.50

only ten thousand unafraid men, other tests were given this remainder of his couldlarge take no army. Gideon of ANCIENT AMERICA cause, thechances. freedom The

his people, was too great. So hewatched his men. When the army, and the BOOK OF MORMON

marching in the heat of the day, crossed a creek, some loitered, took Milton R. Hunter and

their time, lay down to drink; others, Thomas S. Ferguson

however, only three hundred of the ten thousand, eager to meet the enemy, Scholarly,ing, one of enlightenthe few could not wait; they merely cupped books written on this

their hands and drank as they marched subject—giving unalong.hurriedly caused of no deThey proof deniable our $400

of scripsacredlay. three volume hundred These became

Gideon's army; the others were sent tures.

home. With these three hundred

Gideon won glorious victories.

With such men, in any day, every BOOKCRAFT fear vanishes. 1186 SOUTH MAIN

The feeling of depression that bows SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH down many of our people today should Please send the following books:

be replaced by a song of courageous gladness. The Lord is at the helm.Therefore, we should be full of courBOOKCRAFT

age. Our task is to keep the law of

the Lord, to reject every evil offering, 1186 SOUTH MAIN and to assist eagerly in the solution of C.O.D. Check Enclosed Q Charge

problems.presentday can Then we SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Amount $ shallsafely trust the future. Then we

Name afraid. longer then be Thoseno who Publishers of fine L.D.S. Books

suffer will will be those notmay who Address do these things. In the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.., City State- A

JANUARY 1951 35 i5un S>hepherd, EDITOR...TODAY'S

Vou Can Do It! This column for young people,

and for any others who wish to take advantage of it, will feature articles of a "howto-doit"nature. Contributions %uill be considered for

publication at regular rates.

curtains, counterpane, and dressingtable skirt in your room because company is coming. If any of these

pieces become soiled, all you do is wipe the material with a cloth wrungpresto—itfromwillclean,looksoapyas goodwater,as new!and

Plastic materials are stainresistant, waterproof, sunproof, dustproof the answer to many a dream.

For chair coverings, the plastics come with a backing to make them wear extra well, but for most other uses, the backing is not needed. If

you buy the things made up, the cost runs a bit higher, so why not get out the sewing basket, take a shopping trip with Mother, select your favorite pattern and color, and start in to turn your room into a truly elegant one? And all within

the growling budget, too!

stitch long the ma- a on Just put in dainty pink plastic gives a durable yet attractive finish to eyelet This imitation 11 fine needle (No. chine, use a table. lady's dressing the young

is recommended) and mercerized thread, and you'll have everything

BUDGET BEDROOMS donethe threadin a surprisinglyis not mercerized,short time.it mayIf

i5u (JLoulie jrice 5elt

Photos by the Author

skirts, dressingtable hangings, and a pretty wants teenagerEvery not are Special patterns bedspreads. willing to and is usually room

go to great lengths to have one. necessary. Any good pattern will

Very often the family budget just give professionallooking results.

won't permit much expenditure, and And you know—if you have ever

that presents a real problem... a made anything all by yourself, or

problem that may be solved by the with a little help from Mother use of wonderful new plastic mathat there's a lot of satisfaction in terials. Ensembles already made are it.

as dainty as any girl could desire Besides being attractive and inand are available in many stores. expensive, here is something else

Resourceful young ladies may also that you will adore about plastics:

buy the pattern of their choice and You never have to stay home from A plain rectangular "throw"of colorful plaid make it up into beautiful curtains, a picnic or jamsession to wash the plastic is ideal for the studiotype bed.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

shrink in washing and cause seams to pucker. Where binding is needed,

use strips of the plastic rather than cotton tape, for it may shrink, too.

One more tip: Instead of using pinsor cutting notches in cutting out a CnistwiT*,

pattern, use paper clips or Scotch tape to hold in the material place. OFFERS THESE

pencil soft may be used to out-A WASHING ADVANTAGESline the pattern.

Thumbtacks are fine for attaching dressingtable skirts to the tables 1. Mild, golden soap.

themselves, and both skirts and dust 2. Gentle, active naptha.

ruffles can be as plain or fancy as 3. Finer 'Sunshine* Ingredients

you want them. For the studiothat give white things extra,

type bed, plain rectangular "throws"brilliant whiteness—make

will do the trick nicely and be a washable colors quickie job for those of you who brighter than new.are just learning at school to sew

or at home.

wS?..- y iV'

aaame Yes, little girl, your Mother's a very

I smart lady... she is a regular user

that line! What line? Why, of FelsNaptha Soap Chips—nowHold the plumb line. And that, you improved for finer washing results.

can tell, has nothing to do with football; it's a cheer for better posYou and Mother will have your wash

ture. It all has to do with getting done in a jiffy, with FelsNaptha and

around in the graceful manner nayh, your wonderful automatic washer ture intended, with the idea of enjoying better health, more comfort, working together. Your playsoiled

and better looks. dresses will come sparkling clean and

We always associate good posfresh and fragrant, because FelsNaptha ture with the alert, clearthinking, energetic young person who meets combines the extra washing energy of life with courage and enthusiasm. golden soap and gentle naptha, plus the

In plain language then, the attispecial 'Sunshine'ingredient that makes tudes we take on when sitting, standing, walking, or engaged in washes 'sparklewhite and colorbright.'

any other activity, are translated into our posture—for better or forworse. Strange, isn't it, that all the IMPROVED

qualities of beauty begin, not at all with physical fortune, but with good, clear thinking? If the mental FelsNaptha Soapposture is straight and strong, its

physical reflection will be pleasing. WITH NEW 'SUNSHINE'INGREDIENTS

{Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1951 37 YOUR POSTURE, MADAME Your Every Musical Need Promptly and Courteously {Concluded from preceding page) feet so that your back is to the

Filled at That's the beginning. From then chair. Then, with weight on the foot

on, barring fatigue, improper clothnearest the chair, lower yourself ing, or insufficient exercise, good into it. Try it with a book on your

BEESIEY'S posture is a matter of practice. And head. In good sitting posture, one

that's where the plumb line comes sits straight, hips pushed well back

MASON & HAMLIN in. on the seat, spine straight and

The Stradivari of Pianos Stand with the weight evenly on pressed out close to back of the

KNABE both feet and try to feel it hanging seat. The shoulders should be reThe Piano of the directly over the ankles. Feet should laxed, chest up, head up, chin in.

Metropolitan Opera point straight ahead (not out), Other essentials of good sitting posknees slightly relaxed (not bent, ture are feet flat on the floor, knees EVERETT just comfortable), abdomen pulled finest toned, The medium in and up. Keep the hips tucked

built spinet priced pianos in, shoulders back but relaxed, and

CABLE - NELSEN hold the head erect. Try it before

Beautiful spinet pianos in a long mirror. If you're standing

the low priced field properly, an imaginary line dropped -<$>- from just above the shoulder, opBand Instruments posite the ear, down through the

Sheet Music shoulder and hip joints, along the and Everything Musical outside of the knee joint and through the ankle bone will be a straight line. That is what is known relaxed. Crossing the knees is

line. If it staggers, barred because it slows the circulaBEESLEY MUSIC CO. as the plumb

off balance need you're and to tion and creates Salt Lake City 1 70 South Main for- a little weight more throw your knee joints. Phone 4-6518 Sit tall—andtensionholdaroundthat

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE ward or back. Hold that line in line!

a corner of your mind and bring it Reference: Dorothy Nye, Your

out as a guide to good posture Aches, What To Do About Them, whenever you pass a mirror. Funk and Wagnalls, New York.

Correct walking is simply correct 1949.

standing, in motion. Keep a firm ALL-0-WHEAT

leash on your abdomen and head so CEREAL that they don't start out before you

Healthful Most Best and The the with weight on do. Walk the A HOT DISH FOR A COLD DAY Family for Your Cereal foot: First the the of to Eat! outside border

heel touches lightly, next the enIrish Stew

Its DELICIOUS flavor tire outside border of the foot, then nutlike contains ALL the the ball and toes. The leg should 1 lb. lean lamb, cut in cubes

goodness of the swing freely from the hip, with the salt, flour

Entire Wheat 1 onion, sliced slightly bent. Berry. knees body The whole Kansas A

fat tablespoons analysis the preserve Laboratory should in walking same 2

1 2 potatoes reveals that pound for standing. as general alignment

of has ALL-O-WHEAT carrots 4 small IT'S STEEL trick of old a with walking CUT The 1 small turnip, Units ProVitamin 1900 is excellent A the on an head book 1 tablespoon chopped parsley true, vitamins) natural (These are to for learning one, ascend even 1.76 Milligrams Thiamine

to over descend stairs. Milligrams 26.50 Niacin and Walk salt Sprinkle and with the meat

4.93 Milligrams Pantothenic Acid balance, place the stairway, book in flour, the it with onion and brown.452 Milligrams Riboflavin

Also rich in proteins, phosphorus, one foot on the first stair directly slices in the fat. Then add water to

mineral matter and iron. in front of you, and lift with the cover and simmer about \Yz hours.

ALL-O-WHEAT IS chest so that you fairly float upWash and dice vegetables and add

DELICIOUS to the Taste stairs. When coming down, start them to meat mixture. Cook until well

NUTRITIOUS to the Body with a straight spine, bend the left done, about 20 minutes. Add parsley.

EASY TO PREPARE knee deeply, and push the right toe Serves four.

VERY ECONOMICAL to use in front of you and across the other

Ask your grocer or local health store foot. Then, body erect, reach for Flaked Fish Loaf

today for the step below; lower yourself, and

ALL-O-WHEAT transfer the weight. 2 cups flaked fish

Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO. 1J/2 CUPS wholewheat bread crumbs

Utah Ogden, let's see you sit down grace- % cup cooked tomatoes available in Now now All-O-Wheat

Pacific Coast health stores fully. First, walk right up to the 1 egg, beaten

Served by Halco Corp. of Los Angeles chair and turn on the balls of the 2 tablespoons cooking oil

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 tablespoon minced onion 2 cups water slightly and pour it onto the stiffly salt to taste % teaspoon salt beaten egg whites, cutting and folding 1 cup cooked or canned tomatoes the mixture together. Pour into unCombine all ingredients and pack Yi cup chopped onion greased 2-quart casserole; bake 134

into greased loaf tin. Bake in moderate 4 slices bacon hours in slow oven (300 F.) Serve

oven (350 F.) about 45 minutes. Wash beans and soak overnight. immediately.

Eggs Creole Add Yi teaspoon salt and cook gently in the same water 45 minutes. (Add Turkey Wings Creole

3 tablespoons chopped onion more water if needed. ) Put onion and

3 tablespoons chopped green pepper beans in greased baking dish. Add 4 turkey wings

2 tablespoons cooking oil tomatoes and remainder of salt. Arflour and salt mixture

1 32 cups cooked or canned tomatoes range bacon slices on top. Bake in 3 tablespoons cooking oil

Yi cup water moderate oven (350 F. ) until beans 1 cup chopped onion

H cup uncooked brown rice are tender—about 45 minutes to 1 Yi cup chopped green pepper

Yi teaspoon salt hour. \Yi teaspoons salt

4 eggs 1 bay leaf, if desired Cheese Souffle 1 clove garlic, sliced

Cook the onion and green pepper to2Yi cups cooked or canned tomatoes gether in the cooking oil in large fry 4 tablespoons butter or margarine flour tablespoons 4 is until lightly onion browned.pan Add flour in mixture wings and Dip milk cupsthe to \Yi tomatoes water heat and and in oil hot 20 minabout them brown

salt 1 teaspoon salt.boiling. rice, in Stir uncooked utes. onion green and pepper Add

lb. cheese, shredded Yi until heat and cook overCover low longer. minutes a few and cook Then 6 eggs

isrice tender, Stir minutes. 25 about ingredients; pan. other cover Simadd

occasionally to prevent with a fork until 2 or are hours about mer wings in the fat of boiler double Melt topsticking. rice, eggs cover on Drop little tender. water be added, may A boiling in flour water. Blend and until firm are as eggs simmer deoverand sticking. to if needed, prevent

salt. milk, the Gradually blending addsired. rice the top mixture For variety,

with slices of hardcooked eggs inwell. Cook, stirring constantly, until

stead of poaching them. the sauce is thick and smooth. Then Turkey Chowder

add the cheese gradually, stirring unLima Beans in Tomato Sauce til cheese has melted. Remove from 2 tablespoons chopped bacon

heat and slowly add the beaten egg Y cup chopped onion 1 cup dry lima beans yolks; blend well. Cool the mixture (Concluded on following page)

To make lunch one of the high spots of the day, include sandwiches made with

Table Queen bread. Its smoother texture and finer

flavor assure delicious sandwiches every time.

Table Queen is extra nourishing and full of energy too—extra good for active, growing youngsters

because it's made with high protein flour and enriched with vitamins and iron.

So help your family to better health... better

flavor... better bread. Get Table Queen

the bread that's Queen of the table!

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY - SALT LAKEOGDEN'

JANUARY 1951 39..

A Hot Dish for a Cold Day

(Concluded from preceding page) 1 cup diced celery 2 cups cubed potatoes 1 cup diced cooked turkey 1 cup whole kernel corn 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 2 tablespoons flour 1 cup milk &40 4fXS. Partiallysalt cook the bacon and then

Ohe ahvays buys this famous She's learning by experience add the onion to it. Continue cook-

"BITE SIZE"TUNA; she that a tuna dish is either a ing until onion is soft and bacon is

knows it's delicate, tender, and glorious success... or a dismal brown. Meanwhile, cook celery, potatoes, until the turkey in broth and

delicious. tuna Every dish she failure! Next time, she'll buy

tender. are vegetables corn, add Then

maitre! serves is a coup de quality tuna! parsley. bacon, onion, cooked and

Blend flour with milk and stir into cooking mixture. Cook about 15 minutes longer. Season to taste. there's no halfway

Note: Many of these recipes are

adapted from USDA bulletins, "TurQUALITY key on the Table the Year Round"

"Family Fare, and Food Management! IN TUNA (Farmers'Bulletin No. 2011), and Recipes"and Garden Bulle- (Home

THIS FAMOUS TUNA ALSO AVAILABLE tin No. 1).

IN SOLID PACK.. nnnaHiEEJ

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be

submitted, are idea with the same two Good News for Good Cooks! onethat dollar upon publication. In the event

will earlier receive the postmarked the one dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. ONE DISH MEALto shoelaces keep from way A good

is the laces untied to tilled with the golden corn goodness of Fritos.. coming dampen

just a little where the bow is tied. This

is especially good for silk laces.

Mrs. H.D.A.

-4*8* Salt Lake City A cloth dipped in warm paraffin will clean windows perfectly and give a brightness impossible to obtain with water. Tissue paper, or any soft paper,

makes a good polisher, leaving no lint.

Fritos Chili Casserole. Mrs. B.R.

2 4-oz. bags Fritos 1 No. 2 can hominy Lansing, Mich.

1 No. 2 can chili 1 mediumsized onion,

1 cup grated cheese chopped Never discard as useless any torn

Arrange above ingredients in layers in casserole, plastic tableclothes, aprons, etc. They

Fritos. layer Bake in with generous topping into bibs, dress bags, food over modmake

erate with Fritos. minutes. Serve Makes 30 oven

other covers, shoulder handy and many servings. six generous

items.

Mrs. O.W.S.

Remember Fritos, for quick, delicious food San Pedro, Calif.

treats! This hearty, nourishing, onedish meal Try molasses for a flavoring in egg

is easy to prepare rich in Fritos flavor apnog, sundaes, milk shakes, and plain peal. Fritos are always crisp, crunchy... grand milk to perk up lagging appetites. Bewith meals or between. Today, get Fritos, sides its zesty flavor it is very rich in

America's favorite corn chips! bloodbuilding iron.

Mrs. F.S.A.

THE FR1TO COMPANY LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA St. George, Utah

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DISRESPECT DmJ Mda ane Palien

agree with everyone who bechildren. These two boys were

lieves that there should be more given material comforts but practi-

I respect between parents and cally no affection. They understood

notice that I said all this and became wholly unmanchildren—you'll

parents and children. ageable and the dread of the

That children respect their parneighborhood.

ents is something that follows The advent of a child necessarily like the blossom follows the bud. changes the way of life of the famThe parents'respect for their chilily. And why shouldn't it? Suppose

dren is definitely the bud. Aunt Margaret came to make her

The other day in a store, a mother home with her niece and nephew.

said to me, "I want you to meet my There would be necessary alterain tions the daily routine. lighted. of face boy's And,son."The "My,n9 *'* * the course, I no one ever try to voo would added. son,"the mother SPOILED 5 * Pe* be9>"veac*esfe of solve the little putting any problems sank. chin boy's byThe and cAabb

Ve poller * into the Margaret Aunt.b!\nw\ bedroom n

and letting her cry it out. She -*v, the b teq

would be treated more intelligently than that. And don't think that a

child hasn't the same kind of reasoning power as Aunt Margaret.

He senses immediately if he is being unfairly treated, and once this feeling is allowed to develop, chaos ensues.

A normal child is not basically unreasonable. He usually doesn't

want more than his share. But he

does want his share: his share of

time, affection, and consideration.

And he is entitled to just that. And

once a child is assured (and he should be from the first) that he doesn't have to fight for what is rightfully his, he will be more tranquil.

GIRL child After is but all, "a a man CLABBERTHE B A K I N G POWDER WITH o-oubie action T H E ff&Janceeg tall"not should be and yet grown treated with utter respect. HUIMAN * COMPANY IEIRE HAUTE, INDIANA

Now, suppose this mother had been shopping with her husband's employer, would she have said to FORMULA FOR GOLD EQUIPMENT me, "I would like you to meet my By Hildeyarde Walls Johnson husband's employer."And afterwards added, "He's a tightfisted '"The alchemists who sought in vain

old tyrant."* A formula for gold

She would never have been guilty WouldCouldnevertheyhavehavebelievedbeen foretold,the feats, of such discourtesy to a grownup.

Children are known for their That modern chemists can perform:

plastics milk from made pulp and coal, and plants:voicing of the truth—and they And Thecorn wood

credit silk. for rival that Fabrics given equalshould be

outfit shirt comp'efe a or gym A it. withoutdiscerning They know... You'll vouf for Team A are chemists M I. wiser than much The

question just how unselfish and sinThe alchemists. They know find aio'y, sty'e, value... at

cere is their parents'affection for That gold is less than things that make them. For better living. So,

The two most "spoiled"children I They search for methods to provide comforts, better New health; Vf*ir*sj*sj01have ever known, were two little

with their golden formulae, And boys whose parents had not wanted Create new kinds of wealth. CMNIR SECOHb SOUTH AND SM'P

JANUARY 1951 41 IT'S WONDERFUL TO "COME BACK, MY SON, COME BACK!'

(Continued from page 25) the program for the adult members meaning? Yes, that was it, for now of the Aaronic Priesthood. I can

I have come to feel that 'the light only pray that all men who need of Christ'never really goes out alhelp as I needed help may enjoy together, else it should have gone such fellowship, may receive such out in me long ago. encouragement as I received from

"I am an elder now. My wife and that humble servant of the Lord

precious children are mine forever. whom I had wanted to throw off the

is to everything me; place the first night he called."and there's no HEARINGAID TheI loveChurch?it with allIt more my heart. No

BUTTON IN MY EAR -thanks cigarets! No more whisky! No more His story was ended. The spirit

will he spoke perpetuate which fears night for in tears Saturday and invention! thisto amazing his so as long message anyone who family! members more No now the at my deafness I LAUGH live. "I shall heard him know GodYES, bitterness not are and again, singing I birds hear because ofhatred—thesemy is lives; that the Jesus I know even whispers voices, ones'loved themusic, of truth companions and good

I ear telltale Christ; the there's no Book knowperfectly! of Mormon And will. no me, or embarrass discomfort tobutton is is this of the God; word for Yes, the love, the "Thank kind! of God any pressure noheadband,

I it!"said, Lord's he know to thanks ever, than better hear the Church—patience,now I the of understanding and

skin new tiny amazingACOUSTICON'S ear! that wonderful woman who is my as he took his seat. hides behind my receiver disc which

SEND FOR FREE DETAILS wife. It was as though the Lord had

Whether or not you wear a hearing aid, "Thank God for the kindness, the called to him, "Come back, my son, you should find out about this wongentle persistence of the adviser in come back."And he came back.

derful FULLY GUARANTEED new ACOUSTICON invention at once—without cost or obligation. For FREE INFORMATION, and to learn how you

may enjoy an ABSOLUTELY FREE TRYOUT, fill in and mail the coupon GILES—THE TOWN THE "DIRTY DEVIL"TOOK

tight now, while you have it in mind!

[Continued 27) page from it revalley from never which

City at Radio ACOUSTICON that runoff, build up a head would River, covered. as Fremont The Y. Y. 20, N. N. 6 West 49th St., settlers'log at the or laughed dams to relinquish such, fled upstream

M-209 Dept. ACOUSTICON, side. on cut around them the weaker its domain in Blue Valley to the York 20, N.Y. 49th West 6 New

that out were washed dams absolutely Three full information, send Please meSt., Devil.""Dirty

hearing wonderful new your about FREE, year, floods quickly but the in either first requires that no device invention headband. ear and no level in the themselves spent bottom Here let us pause briefly to conName lands, and sufficient crops were template this downstream rival and

Address sinister early name. Certain raised to enable the settlers to gain its

City Zone State attached the the name, mapmakers there. a foothold

Ignoring the river's savage po- "Dirty Devil,"to the entire stream, tential still further, they sought to but it has been more generally acconvert the valley's swamplands incepted that the "Dirty Devil"apto tillable ground by cutting a pellation should apply only from the straight channel through the many Colorado to the confluence of the oxbows and goosenecks of the Fremont and Muddy rivers just stream's meanders. How such a below Hanksville.

scheme backfired, the present status The "Dirty Devil!"Recorded hisof Giles and the Blue Valley bears tory tells us that it gained its untitle witness. savory William The straightened Major when RAIN BIRD muteriver felt his Powell, during River of life. Its Colorado a new surge

Sprinklers siltquickenedand debrisflowthatcarriedit had alonglong beenthe explorations,party to see whatsentmannercertainof ofstreamhis

A I A I Their even distribution of leaving in the valley. Impregnated this was which flowed into the

Ml fa I/ (a! waterassure andincreasedfaultlessproductionoperation withparticles,highlythe fastabrasivewater cutsandstoneits new nowColoradoHite. sixAftermilesdaysaboveof whatfightingis

costs on at lower row crops, paschannel deeper and deeper to lower their way up the savage siltladen garden. or ture, orchard

the valley's water table, undercut stream, these men returned. "She

the banks, and wash away the bane a 'Dirty Devil!''the Scandirichest farmlands. Without the navian leader of the party told

TREMENDOUS WATER checkmate of the natural settling Powell. Major Powell, who had

SAVINGS 1 basin, attempts to dam the stream camped the while at the mouth of

Write Today at the Narrows proved even more the stream and had witnessed the

For Complete Details. futile, and the ensuing floods asphenomenon of a river that could

sumed the proportions of major befoul even the Colorado, was not

RAIN BIRD Sprinkler Mfg.Co. disasters. The great flood of 1914 one to protest. The "Dirty Devil"

GLENDORA, CALIFORNIA struck a death blow to the hapless (Concluded on page 44) 42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOW!

WINTER WASHDAYS y ARE WONDERFUL!

clothes dryer TiXXJTLLkJCOtl.

Year's biggest news for homemakers!... It's always good

drying weather for gals who own a Hamilton Automatic Clothes Dryer! Laugh at rain

and snow... stay indoors out

of raw, cold weather. Dry

your clothes inside... in minutes... in your Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer I

NO MORE COLDS from hanging clothes outdoors in bad weather!

NO MORE SOOT, smoke and other airborne dirt!

NO MORE FROZEN CLOTHES and frozen fingers from hanging clothes in icy weather!

NO MORE "SLOWDRYING"to make basements damp this winter!

Dries clothes fast as you wash them Dries clothes indoors where you wash them Ends "laundry lugging"and "weather waiting"Exclusive SUN-E-DAY Lamp sanitizes and releases ozone for "outdoor freshness"

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

UTAH DEALERS IDAHO DEALERS Barlow Furniture Company = Clearfield Home Laundry and Equipment Co., 427 Center St. Pocatello

BradleyBadger, 38 South Main Salt Lake City Foster's, Inc., 816 Bannock St. Boise

J. 6. Read and Bros. Company, 24th and Kicsel Ogden Liquefied Gas Corporation, 703 So. 8th St Boise

Salt Lake St Rocky Co., Beck 1212 Mountain Gas

Schoss Electric Co., Furniture 24th St OgdenCity SamRockyJonesMountainFurnitureGas Coand Appliance CoPocatello and IdahoBlaekfootFalls 355 and

Provo and Burley Wilson Bates Appliance Taylor Center Brothers, Co Twin Falls, Jerome 250 West

Falls Idaho C. C. Andersen 1st North Provo Co Co., East Utah Appliance 32

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah THROW AWAY THE BADGE OF A DRUDGE

COME IN AND SEE US TODAY!

JANUARY 1951 43 GILES—THE TOWN THE "DIRTY DEVIl"TOOK

(Concluded from page 42) A recent development is embodied it became, and the "Dirty Devil"it in a bill before Congress that would remains to this day. provide for the agricultural reNo one, perhaps, has better dehabilitation of the entire valley

scribed the dual qualities of this tract between Cainville and Hankstwice-named stream than an almost ville. This would involve the buildforgotten writer, George A. Bird, ing of a dam at a natural reservoir

who mingled rumor with eyewitsite above Cainville and the ultimate ness accounts in his tribute to the watering of some ten thousand

Fremont at Loa, Utah. acres. The key to this project

would still rest in Mr. Norton's

The Loa Valley is watered principally channel diversion plan and dam at

Devil,"the "Dirty a 'misnomer'by in the the lower end of Blue Valley. The highest degree, more pleasant, for no

peaceful crystal stream ever meandered "Dirty Devil"must be driven downamid the prayerful homes of a grateful stream to the Fremont's junction people than the one so named. But I am with the Muddy.

told that before it reaches the Colorado, many miles below here, like poor reckIn all discussions as to the reless humanity in its downward course, habilitation of this Fremont River it gradually assumes a form less pleasant region, the subject of roads appears.

it is until, swalseething mass, turbid a in There is no easy way out of Blue the in waters grave of lowed and kindness forgotten. Valley. Any sound development

of the valley's resources must inThere are engineers and students clude the building of an adequate of this area who are unwilling to highway to railroads and outside abandon the valley to its present markets.

fate. They point to broad stretches History has written a colorful

of level, arable land, to a favorable page into the annals of this region of exploits in famous the dashing Bound Volumes of climategation. andTheyamplerecognizewater thefor misirri- the preyed upon outlaw bands that

the ERA make valutakes of the past but refuse to expanding development of southadmit that the damages are irrepaern Utah. Here is the world where

able reference books. rable. Butch Cassidy and the Robber's

The basic mistake of the early Roost gangs brought their spoils

Blue according Valley settlers, them horses to of cattle and held and

Preserve each issue for percivil engineer of Salt C. E. Norton disof opportunities favorable for

manent binding. Lake City, lay in building dams at posal. Here they would come to

the head of the valley instead of hide out from periodical pursuits by of marshals. posses Some U.S. and A fine addition to any thelowerfoot.outletBy controllingonly a minorthe diversionstream's fiction has our western of the best

library, both for value dam would have been necessary and this colorful region as the locale.

a reservoir would not have been reZane Grey's Wildfire, for instance, of contents and apquired. Turning to maps on his deals with characters many of whom

pearance. office wall, he indicated how the are still living in the valley of the

lower six miles of Blue Valley had "Dirty Devil."

but thirtysix feet of fall in 1883, a condition that could be restored Thus you have it: the story of

its tragic passing. If Economical and maintained by diverting the Giles and

that pass should reader way through This any a new channel. $3.00 per volume stream think of Blue to and be tempted solid channel has a rock bottom

that would defy further erosion. The Valley as but another locality that

reclaimed irreparably the desert has this ledge rock on now F.O.B. City overburden Salt Lake its wrong. could be for he own, fill in old the to would used be (Postpaid, add 30c) arable of level acres thousand Three to build channel a tenfoot and dam

that would raise the water table, land, a favorable climate, and ample quiet stream fl6w, and restore the water constitute too great a prize in abandoned, to remain Utah long settling natural status as a DESERET NEWS PRESS valley's discerning the Already, this that basin. Admitting would unused.

have been a major project in the can feel the breath of a new day horse, plow, and scraper days of dawning in the valley of this turbu40 Richards St. the eighties and nineties, Mr. Norlent river. Straining eyes have

Salt Lake City ton insists that tractors, carryalls, caught the vision of a revitalized and bulldozers would just "eat this homeland in the land of the "Dirty job up."Devil."

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

AllisChalmers opens new frontiers in power farming

m.:

Jffi

'pjS'&'t? f-

<:f:

Here are the tractors that enable you to apply engine power to farm work in more ways... more efficiently. -. than ever before.

They open new frontiers in easier, faster, more profitable farming.

For example..

POWER SHIFT Wheel Spacing adjusts rearwheel tread instantly to match the implement and the row spacing. Combine this with CA

and WD "quickchange"tools and you have "quickchange"farming.

HYDRAULIC TRACTION BOOSTER automatically increases weight on the drive wheels whenever the load calls for it. Helps you

keep the work moving along at uniform speed and depth.

TWOCLUTCH Power Control (optional on the CA) gives you an auxiliary hand clutch to stop forward travel, letting power takeoff machines clear themselves.

HYDRAULIC OPERATION of mounted equipment permits uniformly deep penetration without heavy weighting or forced pressure.

If you have average soils, not the difficult ones, you can expect the

CA to handle a twobottom, closecoupled plow; the WD, a new threebottom mounted plow. See them soon at your dealer's—the tractors

that open new ways to profitable use of farm power.

Hydraulic TRACTION BOOSTER * TWOCLUTCH Power Control * POWER SHIFT Wheel Spacing

glance rimrails tell at a spiral jacks, from is your ") Thehere new freedom strained and blocks, sledge hammers are spaced where( flUISCHflLMERSTRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. muscles. that Rear wheels

you want them instantly, by power*

Enjoy the National Farm and Home Hour—NBC Network—Every Saturday

JANUARY 1951.

ai26( QUORUM PROJECTS IN UINTAH STAKE

would be interesting indeed to teen cattle. This fall they had ten livering the logs to the millsite.

IT compile a list of quorum projects tons of hay and good prospects for These quorums have all actively now functioning in the Church. winter pasture. participated in the various ward and

But quorum projects are merely These are all permanent projects stake projects that Uintah Stake a means to an end. The goal is which are owned and operated by has undertaken. Notable was the

to get the quorum members tothe quorums. There are a number stake project of the completion and

gether, not only for the period of of seasonal projects functioning in the beautification of the stake centheir regular meetings, but also for Uintah Stake. ter grounds. Members of the Melworking together in the spirit of The ninetyseventh quorum of chizedek Priesthood quorums dobrotherhood, to understand each seventy have a seasonal cow and nated a total of 4423 manhours

other, and wherever problems do calf project with a good net income and a cash donation of $951.23.

exist, to aid those members in helpin prospect. Their brethren, the adult members

ing themselves. The third quorum of elders had of the Aaronic Priesthood, have

Uintah Stake in eastern Utah has a potato crop project during the joined them in the improvement of some interesting quorum projects 1950 growing season. the stake tabernacle and grounds.

that have come to our attention: The fourth quorum of elders is Over seventeen hundred manhours

The quorum of high priests has just completing the cutting of twenand considerable equipment and matwenty-two and onehalf acres of ty thousand feet of timber from the terial were given to complete this hay and pasture land stocked with Ashley National Forest and of deproject.

nine Hereford cattle. Groups from

the several wards carry out assignments of haying, irrigating, feeding, and the everpresent task of maintenance. Last fall the project had

tonsabout twenty of hay on hand. NO - LIQUOR - TOBACCOExcellent availwinter pasture was

forable to care adequately. the stock

of 336th seventy alLouumn quorum The so has a cattle project on its twenty acres of land. The assets include (conducted bu,4o6eph jr. em

seven cows, four calves, twelve tons of hay, forty tons of ensilage, and fiftythree hundred pounds of oats.

Sensing a community need and at,\17hen prohibition was repealed in placed in the cities and some of the the same time providing a project 1933 as a national policy, the towns where it was felt the need exfor the nonfarming members of advocates of repeal promised that the isted. These stores were not to advertheir group, the first quorum of saloon would never come back. Methtise their wares or promote sales.

elders are manufacturing cement ods of control would be devised that Liquors were to be sold in packages burial vaults and irrigation headwould make the liquor traffic law abidand only to persons having legal permits to buy. Sale of to permits similar minors and respectable. and Thesegates. acing has The quorum now prohibited. this sinwas statements such with system were made Were in thequired property of the name operated the according intent to cerity, that vigor frequency, a and

quorum on which to locate their majority of the voters in fortyfive spirit of the law, it was thoughtanda operations permanently. Six hunstates were won over, and repeal was satisfactory control of the liquor trafdred dollars has been invested in secured in all except Kansas, Missisfic would be secured.

equipment, and the elders have sippi, and Oklahoma. In these three On repeal of national prohibition

about four hundred dollars worth states prohibition was continued. A twentynine states returned to the liof materials on hand. study of methods of control resulted cense system of preprohibition days.

The second quorum of elders has in some states adopting what is known This is the system that is strongly a fifty acre farm. The sale of crops as the monopoly system, and others favored by the liquor interests and by

has enabled the quorum members the license system (the old saloon systhose people who want to engage in to carry forward the fencing and tem, really) the liquor business by reason of the it; hence,landimprovement projects on this Utah was one of the seventeen money they could make in

farm. states that adopted the monopoly syspersistent efforts have been made retem, according to which, as finally set peatedly in the legislatures of monopoly

The fifth and sixth quorums of up, the state became the only legal states to get "saleby-thedrink"legiselders have a joint project of forty vendor of distilled liquors within her lation, thus permitting opening up of acres of ground stocked with thirborders. State liquor stores were licensed liquor stores, privately owned

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—places where promotion of sales beg your pardon, A 'Ladies'Cocktail and they caught the choice young

could be diligently carried on. Claims Lounge,'—the largest drinking place American manhood."(Dr. Elmer Ellsare made that the license system pro- I have ever seen in my more than worth Helms in The Voice.)

motes temperance, and therefore it is fourscore years. The managers told Kathleen Norris wrote: "For generbetter than the monopoly system. me their average daily customers ations excessive drinking by men has

Now what do the figures of liquor totaled three thousand. America's been the curse of helpless womanhood

consumption show relative to these death is in that pot. and childhood, has been the creator

two systems—monopoly and license? "Some six hundred years before of want and slums, cruelty and crime.

As obtained by the Distilled Spirits Christ there lived a hero by the name "For generations the struggles of

Institute, Inc., Washington, D. C, of Jeremiah. He said: 'There are women to curb this curse have reprethey show that in 1937 the average among my people wicked men: they sented the one desperate effort of their

consumption per capita of hard (disset traps; they catch men.'Were lives, the one fervent prayer of their

tilled) liquor in licensed states was Jeremiah living today he would ex-- hearts.

1.25 gallons; in monopoly states it was claim, 'What a perfect picture of the "It is a sorrowful thing, it is a bitter

.99 gallons, twentysix percent more in liquor brood and all their cohorts!'reflection upon the code and character

licensed than in monopoly states. In "When, alas, this government threw of American women today, that this

1945 the consumption per capita was wide open the camp of our boys to the curse is being extended to include 1.68 gallons in licensed and 1.15 galtraps of the liquor oligarchy, all the them; that thousands of our women

lons in monopoly states. In 1949 the devils in hell clicked their glasses, and and by no means our poorest women,

figures are 1.25 for licensed and 1.03 all the brewers and distillers held by no means the women who have

for monopoly states. In each year high carnival. They well knew they sunk to the lowest stage of degradasince 1937 (the first for which we had set their traps for America of totion—are voluntarily placing themhave the data) the consumption per morrow. They placed their cards selves in the group of the drunkards."

capita has been greater in licensed well. They set and baited their traps, (Chicago HeraldAmerican.)

than in monopoly states—on an average about twentynine percent greater.

Do these figures show a reason why distillers their friends are so and anxTHESE TIMES states repealious to get to monopoly their laws and become licensed states?

Every legislative year they spend large {Concluded from page 2) headed by Swedish, Chilean, and Insums of money trying to get this 6. How do we prevent Russian sucdian delegates, take over command

change. "Sell a drink rather than a cess in encouraging and riding those and control, with UN forces remaining

drunk"is their slogan. State liquor revolutionary surges? Or is it already under them as a stabilizing element?

stores sell by the package only. The too late to prevent such success (as it 10. Then, if Chinese or other troops

stuff must not be drunk on the premappears ) and do we now go to war to based in Asia insist in crossing into ises. Taken off, more will be drunk change those regimes in Asia? Or North Korea, would not the issues be

when the package is opened than if what? Recognize Cho and Mao? more plain and the United States

store glass, at the is the a from "imperialaccusations from of saved 7. citizens private prominent When false figures of the the one, isticdrunkclaim—a intervention"? the moral And return are reported from and Europe

last fifteen years uniformly have forces of the world it in the the saying as press is time roused—whichshown. certainly at slumbering to be seem told States the United governFrench

Judging from the past, efforts will ment how to run and rearm the French present?be made this winter in some monopoly state, are we justified in trying to *****

state legislatures to get "saleby-the- "run"France? These are some of our problems in

legislation.drink"Friends of tempernot be deceived! ance, do and 8. If the French tried to "run"us, these times. Be alerted

ready to defend and promote every what would our reaction be? (Some

measure that tends to aid temperance; readers may have read of Citizen

his rebuff personally in 1792 andsecure good laws and their observance Genet from and formally George WashingTHE BRIGHTER ROADand enforcement.

ton who issued a proclamation of By Elizabeth Talbert neutrality, chagrin.) to Genet's much COCKTAIL LOUNGES trace not again the road I've T would of a bear's does let go one 9. How

come, tail? tail? bear's In license states a Is Korea The where liquor is

its rockstrewn, vague, tread and Na- *Nor sold "by the drink"by licensed vendors tional Security Council of the United stormy way;

in places of the moreor-less oldtype States declared in 1949 that Korea had For sad, defeated wraiths with muted drum saloon, there are now in addition cockno military value to the United States. Await me there in every yesterday.

tail lounges—sumptuous drinking parPolitical circumstances forced us to I would not blaze again that rugged trail,

lors, frequented largely by ladies land troops there in 1950 with subseFor now I know it such a futile thing among whom drinking has greatly inquent UN support. Are we and the To let mistakes and wasted years assail

like an eagle's brutal wing.creased since "Repeal."UN to maintain this foothold on the And lash me

"Behold, it is not coming; it has continent of Asia? May we be led to For gentle Hope upon a road named Truth

in Manchuria and Asia Reminds me that my journey is not donecome—the cocktail America. I lived intervene

through a generation of the saloon. proper when troops from areas beyond Forgotten are the milestones back to youth.

Then no woman could enter a saloon, Korea cross the Yalu River? If the And I go swiftly toward tomorrow's sun.

embrace the brass rail, and ever live UN and our consciences have been Yes, Hope has whispered I have but to down the disgrace. But I have lived vindicated, the 38th parallel having weigh

to see disgrace a thousandfold deeper. been crossed, the wobbly regime of Those sad mistakes against the years

"In one of America's greatest hotels Syngman Rhee reinstated could a Tomorrowahead; waits to balance yesterday,I recently saw a cocktail lounge—Korean Control Commission (UN) Fulfilling dreams I long had fancied dead.

JANUARY 1951 47 Aaronic Priesthood Leaders Aaronic Priesthood

SPECIAL TO ADULT MEMBERS OF THE AARONIC PRIESTFailing Our Boys May Be Serious HOOD AND THEIR LEADERS New Roll Books Provide entitled article to our have come A feature a few casesvJot

Son, Come for Cumulative Records "Come fully back, My have attention boys where earned the Individual Certificate of Back"will be found on page HP he new roll and record books for

Award and have waited weeks and twentyfive in this issue of The deacons, teachers, and priests quomonths to receive their recognition; Improvement Era, to which all rums for 1951 include three new feafinally they have had to settle back adult members of the Aaronic tures which will greatly assist in the

and wonder what's the matter with Priesthood and their leaders axe work of the Aaronic Priesthood from our leaders. Some of these lads are particularly referred. It is a true here on.

not too seriously affected by their story from which many great lesleaders'failures. But some of them sons may be drawn which should Cumulative Individual Certificate

take it to heart, are offended, and prove helpful to leaders and of Award Record curtail their activities if not drop out adult members alike.

altogether. Don't fail to read the article, Opposite each boy's name on the far

Some leaders may argue that any to study it, to remember it right of the roll there is a provision for boy who drops out of Church activity and take it to heart. the recording of his monthby-month

only because someone overlooks reccumulative standing in meeting the reommending him for the Individual eager to follow. Now is the time of quirements of the Individual Certificate

Certificate of Award isn't too strong year when these leaders may become of Award. This record will be helpanyway. At best, this sort of thinkone or the other in the minds of their ful to advisers and will be particularly

ing is only an anemic salve which boys. helpful to members of the bishopric

may momentarily ease the leader's Let no boy be overlooked. Check when, in part two of the ward Aaronic

conscience but which really does not his record carefully. Follow through Priesthood committee meeting, they

deserve to be called a remedy at all. in every case until his qualification, or may instantly review a boy's cumulaThere is but one remedy, and that lack of it, is established. Then let us tive record from the beginning of the

is an overdose of "prevention."'Salves stay on the job until those qualified year. Thus will the weak spots in a

of "cure"are always poor substitutes receive their Individual Certificates boy's record be immediately apparent, for prevention. of Award and those unqualified are making possible the remedial action of

Bishoprics, general secretaries, and set firmly in the way of activity in the leadership to overcome them if the quorum advisers are the leaders about Church. When this is done, then let program is followed.

whom boys may wonder or about us start all over again for the new whom they may be enthusiastic and year without one moment's delay.

Cumulative Standard Quorum Award Record A CHALLENGING RECORD A new section, 2-C, has been added

We proudly present which provides for a monthby-month of best very the one records to yet to cumulative account of the quorum's come attention. our standing, looking to the Standard Quo-

D. and Blaine Wayne

D. Eckman (twins) rum Award. Again the bishopric and

have a one hundred rectheir leaders will have an upto-date percent attendance ord at priesthood and picture of the quorums'record at any all meeting sacrament the of during the time through the way year—provided, the of Aaronic quorums general secretary, course, there is a

Priesthood. have They

just left for the mission and that he keeps the record as recfield.

Ronald Eckman is a ommended.

teacher with a perfect attendance record at sacrapriesthood and since he Figuring Attendance Records ment meetings was ordained a deacon five years ago. nearly the The third major improvement conEckman, Roy W.

father of these three cerns the method of figuring percent stalwarts, cannot hide attendance records at priesthood and sons have the joy his his to brought heart. sacrament meetings as called for in

is reported The father to have been one of section three and in the ward and the Aaronic top Prieststake reports beginning January 1951. advisers hood quorum

in (Salt the Cottonwood for Averages have been done away with. Stake County) Lake

years. The family reThe total of weekly enrolments will

into cently moved the henceforth be divided into the total Salt Stake. Lake South

Can any family of weekly attendances for the monthly match, or surpass, the attendance records. Thus we arrive record? Eckman

at our percentages direct, avoiding the =; f-yepafed bu cU.ee M. falt.mer

Appointed to Assist in McGill Ward, Nevada Stake, Sets Example in Work

Aaronic Priesthood Work Among Adult Members of Aaronic Priesthood

McGill Ward, Nevada Stake, has night. Many are now paying a full

reason to be happy over the efforts tithing; some have advanced in the

of Heber Edwards, adviser, and his priesthood; others have given up toleaders of the adult members of the bacco; some are equally regular in atAaronic Priesthood. tendance at sacrament and other ward

The photograph of the large group meetings. Some of these brethren had

of adult members of the Aaronic not attended Church meetings in

Priesthood and their wives, who are twentyfive years.

regularly attending their classes, speaks Albert Gledhill, inactive in the volumes for their leaders and for them. Church for fortyfive years, is now

Eight other adult members and their group leader and "asks nothing of any wives, regularly with this group, were member in the group which he is not unable to be present when the photowilling to do himself."

graph was taken. Cottage meetings are held regularly

Plans are already made to have this each Sunday evening after sacrament entire group go through the temple meeting.

within one year's time.

Socials, including square dancing

DAVID G. THOMAS More than twenty adult members and dinners, together with contests and

regularly their attend wives and their other projects are all included in Mcrecently has David G. Thomas been special group meeting every Monday Gill's program. to appointed the staff of the Presiding

Bishopric to assist in the program for It is reported that not infrequently the adult members of the Aaronic "there are more adult members of the

Priesthood, replacing N. Lorenzo Fishing for Boys Aaronic Priesthood in sacrament meetMitchell, who has been appointed to ing than there are bearers of the Meldirect the Churchowned McCune Fishing /or boys without bait chizedek Priesthood."

School of Music and Art. He resides—Well? Are they less intelligent The example of the McGill Ward

in the Garden Park Ward, Bonneville than fish? is reported to be having its wholesome

(Salt Lake City) Stake. But there is one essential difeffect throughout the Nevada Stake.

Elder Thomas, after completing his ference—boys need spiritual bait We could cnly hope and pray that

college education, filled a mission to as well, and plenty of it. every ward in the Church would go

the Netherlands from 1925 to 1928.—L. A. P. to work in this program as has McGill.

He comes to our staff from the Church seminary system having taught in St.

Johns and Eager, Arizona; in Huntington and Richmond, Utah; and for the

past seven years having served as principal of the Murray, Utah, seminary. In addition to his seminary work,

he has seen action in ward and stake

M.I.A. boards.

We welcome Elder Thomas and feel confident his abilities will be of great assistance in the work of the adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood and to their leaders.

Our new appointee will be assisted, at home of course, by his wife, the former Eunice Perry, and their four sons and daughters.

heretofore troublesome fraction of a boy in figuring attendance records. LEADERS AND ADULT MEMBERS OF THE AARONICNEVADA STAKEPRIESTHOOD AND THEIR WIVES, McGILL WARD,

Every quorum or group of Aaronic Left to right: Heber Edwards, group adviser; Ann Edwards; Cordon Larsen; Frank Carson; Flossie

Priesthood in the wards of the Church Gledhill;SecondAlbertrow: HowardGledhill, andgroupDeltaleader;Frandsen;June andNaomiLouisand Sexton.Elmo Mason; Beth and John Ahlstrom; Verle

will need a new quorum roll and recand Ralph Ahlstrom.

ord book for the full year 1951. Coy TopMunson.row: Duane and Hazel Roberts; Dale and Emma Cottrell; Rose and Nathaniel Bowen; Lois and

JANUARY 1951 49 NEW DRIPLESS BRIGHAM YOUNG PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET {Continued from page 29) guaranteed under our Constitution,

It also a statesman. he but was of Louisiana purchase from Nawith Automatic Locking folding handles the

generally known that be not may the Jefferson, poleon by Thomas third president of the United States Brigham Young in addition to bein 1803. ing the leader of his religious group

Jefferson was what was regarded was a governor of the vast territory as a strict constructionist, although of Utah which then included not

Claude Bowers has drawn a paralonly Utah, but also Nevada, part of lel between Jefferson as a theorist Colorado, and a part of the states and Jefferson as an administrator. of Idaho and Wyoming, so that in

Napoleon was anxious to sell addition to carrying the torch of

Louisiana. Jefferson was anxious religious liberty into that vast part

to buy it, but there was no constituof the United States as it is today, tional provision specifically authorhe was an administrator, a skilled izing the president of the United administrator, and a proponent of

States to purchase territory, and justice and of equality and the sort add it to the original territory. So of democracy in which he believed

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread Jefferson fell upon the happy soluthe sort of democracy that is and water tray, in beautiful appeartion that the Constitution did auguaranteed to us by our Constisort of democracy foring plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk thorize him to make treaties with tution—the

are and today struggling, which we countries, foreign the so he madeWhite). Note the large sturdy handles of the sort democracy that we must treaty with Napoleon he which by

(all handles are Crystal) that autopurchased the vast territory of preserve if democracy is to prematically lock in place. Handles fold Louisiana and opened the gateway vail throughout the world.

down, out of the way, when not in across the Mississippi River to the Yesterday, in the Library of Conexpansion of our country toward the gress the Secretary of State deuse; requiring only 1/3 the space of Pacific Ocean. Out of that vast livered what to me was a very

old type sets. territory of Louisiana was carved impressive and historic address,

not simply the state of Louisiana or a report, to the Congress

Water trays feature a special rim as we know it today, but a large of the United States. He quoted

around each individual cup opening group of the states west of the Mr. Langer who was the Prime

as well as around outer edge of tray. Mississippi River which now enMinister of Norway, I believe,

joy the freedom, the selfgovern- or one of those countries, where he

This practically eliminates inconvenment, and the pride that comes to said that democracy cannot prevail, ience of dripping water. This is a them not only because of their piodemocracy cannot survive, if despecial patented feature. neer origin, not only because of the mocracies are to be weak and autofact that they were part of that cracy is to be strong. So these great

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY great Louisiana purchase, but also pioneers of ours who carried democbecause they have carried liberty, racy, who carried the freedom of

Sets available at Presiding Bishop's they have carried justice, they have worship and the freedom of speech

Office - Salt Lake City, Utah carried the American Flag and the and the freedom of the press and or Order Direct from American Constitution, which they the freedom of assembly out into enjoy, and up to which they live as these vast lands in the West and a part of the American democracy the Middle West, were building a THE PLASTICAL COMPANY and the American tradition. civilization, building a way of life,

405 Centinela Ave., Inglewood, Calif. In this class of pioneers and setbuilding the very bedrock and

tlers belong a great number of our foundation of all that we cherish toheroes, including Lewis and Clark, day and all for which we are willing inheritors of that fight as great far to the followed trail out as OFFER... who WE to heritage us from handed down Washington, and and as Oregon COMPLETE A

ENGRAVING SERVICE John C. Fremont, the pathfinder. the past which makes us proud, not

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest And in this class belongs the man simply of our ancestry politically Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention whose statue is unveiled here toor religiously or otherwise, but also day, Brigham Young. Brigham makes us proud of the institutions CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 113 Regent Utah Young was no less a builder of a which they built up and which'it Salt Lake City,

state than was Thomas Jefferson, is our mission, as I see it, for us to

George Rogers Clark, Lewis and preserve at all hazards and at all costs. John C. Fremont-—because DRINK Clark, We have become the leader Brigham Young was not merely a

religious leader, a pioneer carrying among the nations of the world. It

A delightful throughout the deserts, plains, is not a leadership which we confor hot beverage those mountains, and valleys of the West trived; it is not a leadership which coffee. don't drink who

AT YOUR GROCERS the right of free worship, the right {Continued on page 52) 50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Through blizzard after blizzard car performed my belterf

Oil selected Motor Super to test new Conoco of those "I one was in my says D.Gr. HUBBARD blizzard, blizzard after Through market. car before it was put on the own

I travelled over Rabbit Ears Pass to cover my territory in Northern 1645 Jasmine St. Denver 7 Colorado

Colorado and Wyoming.

"BUT THOSE WERE THE TWO BEST WINTERS I EVER HAD ON THE

ROAD! This new Conoco Super actually improved the operation of my

car in winter. The engine started at a flick of the button! And at the end

of the test, made with proper drains and regular care, gasoline mileage was virtually as good as at the beginning."

After a total of 386,422 miles, logged by Mr. Hubbard and other

winter test drivers, Conoco engineers found no wear of any consequence! Analysis of crankcase drains showed that this great new oil

actually stopped the dangerous accumulation of free water and acids, chief causes of winter wear. This test proved that new Conoco Super

Motor Oil, with OilPlating, fights off rust, corrosion and sludge.

So, for quick starts, plenty of pep and power, change to wintergrade Conoco Super Motor Oil, now.

951 CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY Ask Me ftbout 'SCOOOMi/es NoWeati 99 Mfrfw 51JANUARY 1951.

BRIGHAM YOUNG

(Continued from page 50) is the democratic theory in which we sought; fate and destiny have we believe all men are created equal

put into our hands a torch of leaderand that as such they are endowed ship. by their Creator, not by government,

The world is today divided benot by Congress, not by governors, tween two ideologies. One the not by senators, not by society, but

totalitarian theory, one the autoendowed by their Creator with cercratic theory, one of the godless and tain inalienable rights among which the ruthless theory that only the are life, liberty, and the pursuit of state counts and that individuals happiness. These are subject to

must be crushed, if necessary, in various definitions. that We know order that the state may rise to it. we all love life; we cherish

power for power's sake. The other (Continued on page All54)

2),unaerouj emnce INSURANCE for the local agents 300 give WESTKOLOB an extra RICHARD L EVANS "edge"list of the dangers of our plete INSURANCEin bringingSERVICEsound andto Utah,comJf we were called upon to make a

Idaho, Montana and Nevada. day, the danger of indifference would be well toward

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY the top. Collectively, men appear to be indifferent toward many things which do not directly affect their own

immediate manner of living, their comfort and convenience.

A calamity a thousand miles removed has its passing effect

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. upon people when first reported, but comparatively few

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City people seem to be stirred to urgent action by a calamity

which doesn't immediately come close to them. And men

are often indifferent not only about the events of the

CLAIM YOUR presentshould theybut oftenconcernalso themselvesabout their withown eternalwhat nowfuture.seemsWhyto

be reasonably remote, so long as the day passes pleasantly, so long as no one disturbs their tranquility or shakes HAIRITAGE their complacent confidence in the soothing thought that,.. of a all is well, and always will be, with them? Indeed, it is

handsome, difficult to stir some people from complacency toward what healthy head goes on even in their own town, or in their own neighborhood, so long as it doesn't contribute to their personal of hair.. discomfort or obvious injury or immediate inconvenience.

How to stir an unduly indifferent person from his selfcomplacency is an important and puzzling problem. And

with the many millions of men and women there are in the world who are not privileged to participate in shaping

From childhood public policy and who have no voice or choice as to who up, glossy, cleanlooking, wellis placed in public position, it is amazing that so many groomed hair is a real asset in our own land indifferently let this privilege pass them by. It would seem that the parable of the talents is

L.B. oils, natural needed will add to this pertinent point. lie latent let a talent we When

give "life"luster, train and unruly or long a muscle inactive, remain its toll. nature takes

adolescent hair, help control danAnd sometimes we wonder what penalties should be imdruff. posed upon people who indifferently pass up the privilege

FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY ofprivilegesvoting theirand responsibilitiesconvictions or participatingof citizenship inin thea greatpreciousand

I goodly land. Would that there could be found some sure

FOR way to shake all men from the dangers of indifference!

THE HAIR L.B. NEW Jke Jpohen FROM TEMPLE SQUARE CREAMED

SHAMPOO PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADIf YOUR HAIR Powdered Effg CASTING SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 5, 1950

NEEDS HEIP...U NEEDS I. B.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OMPLETE OVERAGE for the Mountain West NEWS... local news—of and for each section

NEWS... national news—today's happenings of national

importance NEWS... world news—of near neighbors, north and

south; of peoples from the Andes to the Amazon;

of Polynesians from the Pacific, of nomads of the Sahara...

... THIS is the coverage contained in your Deseret News, now in its

second century of service to the Mountain West. Add to this coverage

the equally important home service and feature news provided by

News experts—Winnifred Jardine for food news, Jean Ward for women s services Elaine Cannon for the teenagers, and many other speed writers—then you know why the daily and Sunday Deseret NewsI is

a must in over 90,000 Mountain West homes

(Carrier or mail delivered—still at

the same low $1.30 PER MONTH)

JANUARY 1951 Brigham Young (Continued from page 52) nature loves life. We know also

that life is drab and fruitless unless it is accompanied by liberty. We

know that liberty does not mean license, but it means the right to pursue happiness with the hope that we may overtake it, finally attain it, clutch it to our bosom, hand it down to our posterity. That is the basis

and the foundation of the American theory of society.

So, today we honor a great pioneer, a great religious leader, a great political leader, whose very character, whose very sacrifices, and whose very courage and determination and devotion and willingness to suffer, even yet, not only to

LUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU his immediate followers but to all

THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR"of us, offer an example which we—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO! mayyears wellto come.emulate now and in the

One of the most graphic moving been ever it has pictures my pleasureLUMBERJACK SYRUP called picture the moving to see was

Brigham Young. That moving picWITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP ture traced Brigham Young as he

led his people from east of the Mississippi River out across the Mississippi over the plains, across the rivers, over the hills and mountains into the valley where he settled in the basin of the Great Salt Lake;

and he builded there a great religious foundation based upon the

American right to worship Almighty

God, which is the first article of the start the tion. It was submitted following the NEW YEAR RIGHT It's Perfectly ten amendments to our Constituorganization of our government. In

the Constitutional Convention there Natural was a strong feeling that there

What do people want most should be a Bill of Rights, but it when they are traveling? A was not included, and when the

clean, comfortable place to Constitution was submitted to the sleep and some good, naturally! food—So—naturtasty thirteen original states with the proally—that's what we give vision that nine of them must ratify

them. they appreciate And it, it in order that there be created a we know, because they keep

coming back. Chances are you government here, it was ratified in

will, too.. And your friends. some of the states with the express

Tell them about.. our place.

condition that there should be subincorporating promitted amendments fares EVERYWHERE pocket extra with fa Lowvide you the Bill of now know as what we extra those for many money needs these days. Rights. Those amendments were

See your Greyhound Agent NOW! Hotel submitted, twelve of them. Ten of

them were ratified, and the other

Temple Square two were never acted upon. Those

ten amendments constitute our Bill

CLARENCE L. WEST of Rights today. And the first one

Manager of them says: "Congress shall make

no law respecting an establishment 54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of a religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof...."And by that

amendment even in our fundamental law, our Constitution provided for the separation of church and state.

While we have it organically, we all know that there is no straight line that any man can draw down:: PINKxV::::::::V*; x::::::;:::-:::-::;::;;:V:::::*vVv:&::::v:::::rx::: -;GOLD."his life's pathway and be assured:v:>;:v:::v:v:v:;:;;v:;:v:;:j:x;:v:v:j:;:::v:;:::

that all on his right belongs to the took what this QUALITY package contains:

duties of his state and all on the left Cordial Cherries, Maple Nut Creams, Mint Creams belongs to his duty to God. Lemon Creams, Black Walrjyt Creams, Opera Crean

It is why we have separation of Pinoche Creams, Creamy Nougats, Walnut the church and state, it is the duty Caramels, Walnut Clusters and Chocolate Almond* of the state to guarantee the right of every man and woman to worship

Almighty God according to the dictates of his conscience. It is the M

duty of the state to keep open the channels of morality, the channels of religious freedom, and on the other hand the church will so build its moral foundations, its concept of civilian duties of the relationship of one man toward another that it will make it easier for the state to enforce its laws and carry out its purpose of liberty and justice and equality to all of our people. Brigham Young in his trek across the

plains was seeking not only religious freedom. He was not only devoted

to religious freedom, but he was likewise in the quest of a great state where the right of men and women to worship as they pleased might be recognized and honored.

So today we honor Brigham Young, not simply as a religious leader, which he was, we honor him also as a statesman, as a builder of a state, as a builder of an order of society, which is admired not only by all those living within the confines of the state of Utah, but also all over the nation. We honor

it, and we appraise it in its highest value. Men from every state and GLADE CANDY COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

every community find their way to

Salt Lake City; they find their way

into the great Tabernacle of the Quick, Easy Way to

Church of Latterday Saints in Salt SiUSEforOVER FIFTY WARS Lake City. I recall the first time I Aids in treatment of Canker, simple STOP SMOKING

ever visited that city. Alone as I sore throat and other minor mouth "IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"

can help you remedy, tobacco the into that great TaberNICO-STOP, I walked was, pleasantly, the easily, quickly, and throat irritations. stop smoking the there I sat heard nacle. and method This clinicallytested first day. very

organ peal in the breathless silence youtoxic,haveandbeennotreadinghabitforming.about is harmless,Endorsednonby

leaders. Used successchurch physicians and REMEDY HALLS of the audience druggist's mail or your At by thousands. City, Utah fully Salt Lake information about free today coupon "Love's Old Sweet guarantee. thatSong"—andsweet tune as sizes for moneyback available and

I in auditorium that great there sat of Story The sacrifices a Woman NICOSTOP,Please sendDept.furtherA, informationSaint Helena,andCaliforniaprices. that the recounted and

caught was who in necessary were and were made order that Brigham Young might In the Gospel Net lead his people, and that his people By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

(Continued on following page) At Book Stores—$1.75

JANUARY 1951 BRIGHAM YOUNG

liberty; this great

this of tolerance;Connsonata might{Continuedbuild therefrom precedingwith theirpage)own icanAmericanexampleexampleof

hands, this great Tabernacle and great American example of conthe electronic organ this great auditorium, I thought of struction; for the future, for our

with it as the sacrifices of our pioneer institutions, and as an example to liball only to fathers. enjoy not the Pioneer world mothand True Pipe Organ Tone mothers

it to cherish also just their and prebut erty received never ers have dues, their just recognition for the serve it, hand it down to the part they played in the covered generations yet to come, and by our wagons as they moved out from own example and by our own sacrieast to west. I could not hold back fices which we are making, stimuthe moistened tears that came into late other peoples in other parts of

my eyes because of this great Amerthe world to follow our example in

:-<VV<-V<<VVV?Vt<:-<.<

k Wcovvien k

LC5 k 'Aren k RICHARD L. EVANS k

Tn the many complexities of our way of life, there somekk times seems to be a tendency to look upon the problems of other people as statistical rather than personal. Unless k

pipe thrill organ sonorous to the will You it, of k to think inclined against ourselves we are guard we instrument. electronic this marvelous of tone of each rather than groups and of numbers in terms out, It parts to wear mechanical men has moving no

but produces tone through a patented use of man as a personal and important individual. As the news

tube. the vacuum our complete line of Connson- of the day breaks upon us, we hear of a hundred made k See and hear

ata organs beginning at $1300, or send this homeless by flood or by fire in some far place or of a k coupon for complete information. thousandWe read trappedof one oror twoin troubleor a scoreon aordistantmore ofbattlecasualtiesfront.

cerstatistics from of deaths MUSIC of the DAYNFS COMPANY read in a crash. We 1, Utah Salt Lake City So. Main, i 47

not guard against unless may it, we diseases. tain we And on Connillustrated catalog Please send sonata organs. see the deeply personal side behind these reports—we may

Name not see the living, breathing human beings, each with his family, his friends, his personal pursuits, his rights, his

Address hopes, and his eternal future. Unless we guard against it,

City and State we may just see so many subtracted from the census. The

fact is that the world isn't just some two billion people; an

FIRST OF ALL -RELIABILITY army isn't just a million impersonal men; an epidemic isn't

just an academic problem; a nation isn't merely a hundred

fifty million sales prospects; a city isn't simply a hundredD4547 thousand votes; an accident isn't merely a matter of matheMAIN STREETaunes Statistically be true, and but men women this may k matics. k SAIT LAKEtnrnicCITV 1. LfT/i"u* about people we The than mathematics. whom are more k

read reports are other people's fathers, mothers, families, k and friends, and are children of that God in whose image k men were made, each with an immortal destiny and an eternal individuality, each an individual person with his kJ individual problems, even though we sometimes find it k convenient for various purposes to reduce them to mere k mathematics. The casualties of battle or a million starv- k

k ing children or ten thousand traffic deaths from ten thou- k k sand reckless drivers aren't just figures—they are people

who love and are loved by other people—each one a child S

k of that God who is the Father of us all. And repeatedly k

Clearlyte crystal, unbreakable sacrament glasses are we need to remind ourselves to be less impersonal about k to look exactly moulded and noiselike 1 people. k glass. Lightweight

free,Standardthey are height,economicalV4. in.to k use.

Order New, better.

dealer. from your today FROM TEMPLE SQUARE k

THE COLUMBIA samples OVER KSL AND Send for FREE k PRESENTED BROAD- k Quality of 12, 1950 SYSTEM, Manufacturers CASTING NOVEMBER

AIDS WORSHIP CHURCH Mass. k Boston 14, 55 Sudbury St.,

order that ultimately they may straighten up their bended backs, look their fellow men in the face, free men and free women, enjoying liberty equality justice. and and With Era Readers

today, happy to be here I am I am

I at the timehumble same because MORE RELIGIOUS READING inrealize that of the midst all the

itcomplexities lives of our modern the of In early days the Church, early and in homes of leaders Church to the easyis not always understand organized, the religious before was Church reading a part of regular was processes of government or the family routine. Bibles in those days were used for reading to gain increased

processes of religion. knowledgeinfluences. of things spiritual, and to surround the family with religious

I honor the state of Utah. I But gradually religious reading has declined. Light "popular,"worldly

have served in the Senate and in publications are being read to the exclusion of the more substantial and uplifting literature. religious is it reading While is decreasing, finest spiritually ofthe the and some House being replaced that cases is just by material in some of time, a in waste

ever I have servedmen with whom still other cases in demoralizing, others positively and degrading.

were from the state of Utah. I am This is a serious and dangerous situation.

devoted to her institutions. I am The Improvement Era is leading the way to more religious reading

proud of her record and of her byarticlesencouragingwhich in itthemselvesthrough itsare vasthighlyfieldspiritualorganizationand whichand byleadpublishingnaturally history, and I am proud that there and logically to other religious reading—The Bible, Book of Mormon,

will stand here forever in this statuand other standard works and publications.

Parents are being to their urged encourage children religious some to do this this hallary and God, man of regularly. reading assist in of the this phase To stories campaign, and of the people moreman was who articles, feature written for planned especially and people, appear young

instrumental than any other one in every issue of this magazine.

man in establishing the kind of The response thus far has been most encouraging. Beports from the

civilization that exists in all that stakesfield indicateand wardsthatandmuchin missionsgood is andbeingbranchesdone andhave thatjoinedChurchwholeheartedlyleaders in vast territory in which his influence in furthering the purposes of this important campaign. In times like these,

spiritual values transcend all others. all is to to induce The task people exerted in whichwas and

that. his membelieve material out, values and temporal When have wiped been foreverory will cherished. be spiritual only values will remain. Saints Latterday particularly to ought

do more religious reading.

The Church Moves On The Era is a YearRound Gift {Continued from page 8) Presidentdency succeed John C. Todd a home,Whenforplanningclose friendsgifts onfor theiryoungbirthdays,people gettingfor friendsmarriedor relativesand establishingin other

and his counselors, John T. Nielson, states or other countries, consider The Improvement Era. Here is a twelveJr., and Dimon A. Stewart. time remembrance. Once a month it will remind the recipient of you and

Elder Harold B. Lee dedicated the your thoughtfulness in sending such a gift. A dignified card is sent with

chapel of the Yuba City Ward, Gridevery gift subscription.

ley (California) Stake. Encourage the Entire Family to

n Wallace F. Bennett, general treasurer of the Deseret Sunday Read the Era

School Union, was elected United The Improvement Era is a family magazine. In it are articles, stories,

States Senator from Utah. This seat theand Eraspecialis unique.features Itforisallunlikemembers,any otherfrom themagazineteenagerspublishedup. Inanywheremany waysin

was once held by the late Elder Reed the world. Many of its articles, written by Church leaders, are modern

Smoot of the Council of the Twelve. scripture, adding to the wealth of information and knowledge of spiritual

matters and serving as a guide to proper religious living.

O David G. Thomas appointed The three leading councils of the Church are represented by the three

field representative for the Preeditors—President George Albert Smith, whose monthly editorial messages

significant; are of of A. Elder Council the Twelve, the most Widtsoe Johnsiding Bishopric. succeeds N. He

of discussions Beconciliations doctrine in Evidences the and Church whoseLorenzo this Mitchell in position and are section referred to of the worldwide; L. President Evans Bichard and

is assigned to work with the adult First Council of the Seventy, whose sermonettes on the tabernacle choir members of the Aaronic Priesthood. broadcasts appear only in The Improvement Era until they are published

It was announced that Mrs. Belle in book form later.

S. Spafford, general president of the mentInEra.every Latterday home there is a place and a need for The ImproveRelief Societies of the Church, had

been reelected as second vicepresi- dent of the National Council of Women in the United States.

i -I On this and the following day, *- A Elders Harold B. Lee and SpenIMPROVEMENT

cer W. Kimball formally organized

the States Mission, new West Central

Billings,with at headquarters MonMore tana. President Sylvester Broadbent is Religious

to preside over the Saints in MonReading tana, and in parts of North and SouthDakota, and in Wyoming in areas ERA where there is no stake organization. L

JANUARY 1951 57.

B. Y. U. PRESIDENT ERNEST L. WILKINSON

(Continued from page 23) day's work. This ability to "let go"versity of Chicago asserts, "The

dent body, but my permanent vote is seen in his appreciation of a good most characteristic feature of the as well!"humorous story, in the knack of modern world is bewilderment."He

dropping off to sleep at once when becomes president in an hour when

Much depended on her attitude he stops workj in his enjoyment of the world cries out for men and toward his ambitions. There were square dancing, or in a walk in the women who not only have the acaadjustments on her part and many outof-doors. He and Alice would demic knowhow, but also faith in

hours to spend alone with the growoccasionally stroll. through the God and mankind and in the ultiing family. Her love and loyalty shady streets in Washington, D. mate triumph of righteousness and

as a wife, the charm of her woman- C, or through the autumn leaves truth.

ly graces, and her devotion as a in the parkways of the nation's CapiWhen President Ernest L. Wilmother and teacher, brought human tal, for relaxation. kinson takes office, January 1, 1951,

kindness and balance to his proServing as president of the he takes it as a humble Latterday fessional life and strength and unity Church university will be a new test Saint who, as "one of us,"has met to their home. It is easy to predict of leadership for Ernest L. Wilkinthe world in fair competition, won

that she will be an ideal first lady son. He has been called to an office its academic and financial honors,

on the B.Y.U. campus. With her made sacred through the sacrifices and at the same time has kept the

radiant smile, buoyant spirit, and and accomplishments of early leadfaith.

the beauty and dignity that the ers such as Dr. Karl G. Maeser. He brings to Latterday Saint

touch of gray in her hair gives her He comes to a university made great youth, to adults, and to all who personality, she, as much as anyby illustrious leaders who followed seek learning and inspiration from one else, will help Ernest L. WilkinDr. Maeser through the seventythe Church university, an example

son become a successful president five years since President Brigham from his own life of intelligent efof Brigham Young University. Young founded the school. He fort, alertness of mind and body,

President Wilkinson has the takes the helm at a time when, as and a devotion to the gospel of ability to relax quickly after a hard Chancellor Hutchins of the UniJesus Christ.

. Sure dives you a start.

FINEST GASOLINE WE'VE EVER MADE

The gasoline you buy at your Utoco dealer's today is a champion performer... bursting

with power... perfect for quick starts. It is

a product long famous for consistent, high quality... a product easily identified on

your dealer's driveway by the famous Utoco emblem.

LUBRICATE FOR SAFETY

EVERY 1000 MILES

UTAH OIL

REFINING CO.

41st Year of Progress See /wr utoco Pettier /or Superior Prodmts and'Service

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He brings to the "Y"one ringing purpose which he has publiclystated as follows: "The chief emphasis at the 'Y'shall be placed on

individual responsibility and righteous living."This emphasis, he

feels, is the only basic cure for the present ills which afflict mankind.

He appreciates the words of President George Albert Smith when he announced the appointment of the president to the B.Y.U.

faculty in the opening faculty meeting: "This school,"President Smith

said, "is the Lord's school. It has

been prepared for his Church. You

who teach or administer the program here have your arms around the sons and daughters of God to lead them on to eternal life. This

school, unlike any others, prepares students for happiness throughout eternity. Let us support our new

president. Let us keep the commandments of the Lord, and then

he will be near us, and we will not make many mistakes."

of Him The Nerve HOTEL UTAH page (Continued from Carpenter, Manager 24) Max

Coach looked away. "You feel

pretty bad about it, don't you?"he

asked. "I'm turning in my suit,"Jack said. "It isn't fair to you or the

boys to do anything else."He

dropped the blue and white sweater and trunks on the corner of the desk. "Wait a minute,"Coach said.

"Sit down over here."He walked

over, closed the office door, then sat down facing Jack.

"Turner,"he said, "I'll be perfectly frank with you. There wasn't

any good excuse for missing that basket. You just blew up under WISE WOMEN KNOWpressure. But you seem to think

you're the only one who ever did They find all the ANSWERS to their that. You're not. Others have

done it, and they've worked their questions in The Salt Lake Tribune's way around it. I expect you to do POPULAR WOMEN'S SECTION

the same thing."

beasked, "But how?"Jack HEADLINES""FASHION GRETHER GRACE

thatwildered. "I'm just way, that's FIT'A daily parade "KEEPING KAIN IDA IEAN

all."of topflight ANGELO PATRI "YOUR CHILD"

"How, is your problem,"Coach writers, including: JOHN ROBERT POWERS "BEAUTY EXPERT'

... "COOKING CAN BE FUN"continued. "I can't tell you that. AUNT HATTIE

tell thatAll I can you is others ANOTHER reason why it's ONE of America's Great Newspapers it. it's psycholhave done Maybe

ogy. Maybe you just convince yourthat not goingself you're to be alt fake %tmmt page) (Continued on following

JANUARY 1951 59.

THE NERVE OF HIM

(Continued from preceding page) Jack's eyes met Coach's. "If

way any more. Maybe you get you think I can do it, I can,"he

over it by practice. I don't know. said, steadily.

It's something you have to work Coach pointed at the suit. "Take

out for yourself. You'll have to that back,"he said gently. "I don't

work it out sometime in your life, think I'll be wanting it as much as so it might as well be now."you will."

rouricoreouricore antand - V'even,

i/leari Arao..

So &a*tdcf fin RICHARD L. EVANS

"pouRSCORE and seven years ago, an immortal American

SNACKING! uttered an immortal message. On November 19, 1863, Abraham Lincoln gave his Gettysburg address. We are

thankful that America has had such men; we are thankful

Yes—this Curtis snack bar, for the faith and for the freedom on which this nation was

readybuilt—is a wonderful founded, and for the patriots who have placed principle

addition to any kitchen. It's above power and position. We are thankful for "the

just one of the many Curtis brave men, living and dead,"who have consecrated their kitchen units that cabinet lives their their convenience, fit incomfort, careers—their

to kitchen! any size of or shape 1776 nation since This and its cause. to this country

These come prime wood units in the has existed only about the length of two lifetimes—eightybe painted coated—may

color of your choice—and the seven years before Gettysburg and eightyseven years

cost is moderate. Stop in and since. This isn't a long life as history goes. But because

get complete information! of faith and freedom this country has done remarkably

much for many millions of men. As to material blessfor f ings—no CI866 fields, for URTlS more. WnationTe are couldthankfulreasonablyfor our petitionfarms andProvidence

WOODWORK our factories, for our food, for our families and friends and we are thankful for the freedom we have to enjoy

AT RETAIL LUMBER DEALERS the fruits of freedom. We are thankful for the right to

EVERYWHERE make or to modify public policy, to choose people for public position, to live where we want, to worship as we want, to come, to go, to work, to quit, to think, to speak,

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. and to be about what we want to be—to the best of our

Building Material Distributors ability. These are rare and wonderful rights. True,

205 North 3rd West - Salt Lake City, Utah we have had our difficulties and discouragements, our problems and perplexities, our better years and our worse

Also at Boise, Twin Falls, better been years have worst of our the worst but Pocatello, Idaho, years, Reno, Nevada. freeof formula the years the best where of best than the

virtual a Basically have followed. not we been dom has the heaven abuse sometimes earth, and heaven while we on

we have, still we have more cause for gratitude in this great and goodly land than all of us in all our days could be sufficiently thankful for. And again, we are grateful

PROFITABLE DAYS that twice fourscore and seven years ago "our fathers

AHEAD FOR brought forth upon this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty,"and we are thankful for the faith we have "that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of QUISH freedom, and... shall not perish from the earth"—if GRADUATES in the walk the keep and commandments we

Capitalize on QUISH all us gave us training we You'll made all we are and who now! be a wayshave—forof him

competent beautician when thankful. are which we graduated. proQUISH

vides you with technical and gained knowledge ENROLL in 25 SEND NOW skillFREE FOR Jhe Spoken FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I TODAY! years.CATALOG

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADSCHOOL OF CASTING SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 19, 1950

BEfiUTV 331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN Copyright, 195060 m THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jack grabbed it. "Thanks!"he

said with more spirit. "I'll try to

really earn it this time."

Back in his own room, Jack sat An almost indispensable book down to think out his problem. Heknew it was not only a problem in for every L. D. S. Home Library

basketball, but also a problem in life. If he blew up under pressure

in a game, then he may blow up under pressure in the businesscareer he was planning for himself. GOSPEL STANDARDS

The trouble was finding a way to

By President Heber J. Grantget over it.

Finally it occurred to him that his schoolwork might offer a solution.

Coach had said something about Every Church home will find that this volume speaks with getting over it by practice. Maybe inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom. With full

he could practice every day in his 4-page portrait.

classes.

He thought back over his three years of high school experience. He At your bookstore—$2.25

had been and still was naturally quiet. In his classwork he had been

attentive, but he had taken no part in class discussions, except when he was forced to. He remembered

very few times that he had indiMake plans right now to attend L D. S. Business College

cated his ability and willingness to answer questions in class or to contribute something to a discussion.When he was called on, he anWinter Term

well as could as heswered and Starts January 3, 1951 silence. his intothen sank back

He dropped off to sleep that night We cannot fill the demand for wellqualified business people.

with the resolution to do something Insure your future with L.D.S. training. Choose either day or

about it, and to start tomorrow. evening classes from a complete curriculum.

Next morning in math the instructor set up a partially completed Clip Coupon for problem on the blackboard. Then Free Booklet L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGEhe called for volunteers to explain * 70 North Main Street

the problem and to complete the Salt Lake City, Utah solution. Please send free booklet "Planning Your

This was what Jack had been Future."

waiting for. His heart was poundName.

ing his ribs, and he could feel the pulse throbbing in his throat, but Address he pushed his hand up. Relief BUSINESS City State. flooded over him as he heard someone else's name called. He settledback in his seat and moistened his COLLEGE

lips.

He listened to the explanation.

Then he realized something was SKCQKXCttjgwrong. There was a catch to the HARMONY IN BOOK OF

problem that the girl hadn't caught. MORMON GEOGRAPHY PIKES PEAR

She would get an answer, all right, by WALTER M. STOUT

This FLOUR but it would be the wrong one. He ofis reallyconcise,a big,basic littletruth bookwhereof all32 pages

class. with at as the country glanced points harmonize—such around No With FOUR of writings interpolation of the and the noticed to have will one seemed Sincere research Moroni. and ercontextMormon Extra Baking testimony! a develop his ror. solution checked own He

hurriedly to see if there was a flaw PRICE SI. 00 POSTPAID Advantages

in it. He found none. atGRAPHEDyour localCOPYbookstorefrom theorauthor.gt an AUTOSALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

When the problem was com624 Avenue F 425 West 5th South pleted, the instructor said, "Thank BOULDER CITY, NEVADA Salt Lake City, Utah (Continued on following page) JANUARY 1951 61 ALL ALUMINUM (Continued from precedingTHEpage)NERVEwereOF HIMtied for first place in the

TRIPLE TRACK STORM WINDOWS you. Does anyone have a question?"league. Each of them had lost one

AND FINEST No one in the class made a move. game.

STORM HThe instructor continued, "Does As he dressed for the game, Jack

DOORS anyone disagree with the soluwas remembering what had haption?"pened in their games so far—that

Keep Out Jack glanced. over the class. No opening game when his taut nerves

Cold Drafts hands were up. But he knew the let victory slip through his fingers.

Save on solution was wrong. His heart was The other games, each one of them

Fuel pounding again, and his throat was close, but none as close or nervedry. He forced his hand up part racking as the first.

Stop Sweaty way, half hoping the instructor He knew what they were going

Windows wouldn't see it. But he did. to meet in Bryant High—a tough

EASY TERMS "All right, Turner,"he said, "tell team, brilliantly coached, and thorus why you disagree."oughly at home on the floor; a team

Call or Write Jack went to the board. His hand that didn't know the meaning of the

was shaking as he picked up a piece word "quit."Plenty of heart,

STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. of chalk. His voice was unsteady plenty of strength, and plenty of

4847 So. State, Murray, Utah as he explained the problem, but he good strategy.

955 MURRAY himself on. forced the to go When uneasy was Jack as they made SALT LAKE 9-4107 solution the board, on was new he their the floor. onto way

seat. to his returned starting the whistle blew, When Please of representatives one have your Turner,""Very good, free give us estimate. a call and tipoff, took the the teacher Jack it quickpassed

smiled, and Jack, still shaking, felt ly to his running mate, then followed Name for the wellpaid ordeal. wide him. ball around passed The Address the during period he Twice more neatly to center then to and back State.... Town his forced for or hand up comments in Jack, coming who was the from

answers to questions. He knew the far corner. He took it confidently,

teacher saw, but someone else was gave it the customary flip, and talcalled on each time. lied the first score. The stands

Through the rest of the day, in yelled for more as Lincoln fell back history, economics, English, Jack into defense for the next play.

pushed himself forward. Each time But Bryant was no walkaway.

he did well enough, and each time They passed back and forth a time his teacher seemed to appraise him or two, then slipped neatly through with more interest. By the time the a crack in the Lincoln defense, and

day was over, Jack felt as though it dropped in a twopointer for themhad taken a week of effort. selves.

For two months Jack followed the From then on, it was a battle.

routine. days same were There lead from seesawed The one team THAT'S NEED—ALL YOU to his failed he measure when up on to other. the lagthe always EASY, And THE QUICK, WITH NATURAL answers, felt embarrassed and he

little ging team with back a came LINGUAPHONE before the class. But he reminded more fight to even the score or to WORLD'S STANDARD CONVERSATIONAL

that else himself right no one was METHOD lead take a themselves. Never were minutes20 can day a better job, a pay, more all either, the time trywent and ongreater opportunities to another language meanyou—knowing there four than points more betweenwill doubie travel pleasure. your in you're Whether busiing. feeling developed a new He or ness missionary, minister, a teacher, doctor, profession—the two.

scientist or student, language another adds to effecyour of assurance. he overwas Andtiveness, is for a achievement, "must"broadens your final the the In quarter teams

cultural understanding horizons. and it little in joyed up when showed

You're learn old to too a language the tiring. LINGUAneither coach Yet would were

it too thePHONE NATURAL floor. the basketball ways on neverway—or young—way—the

learnedsame you English. way risk substitute. hear Their and a best isYou men women men

inspeak their native tongue. basketball You understand season going The was listen—you floor. the all It's on teams Both speak. were amazingly were easy! the With WORLD'S—you well, never and ceased being JackSTANDARD LINGUAPHONE CONVERSATIONAL METHOD, well. clicking inyou leisure study your In just time at home. min20 thankful talked out Coach him hadutes a master: you can day left less to a than minute With

in suit. his turning of His enjoyor any ofITALIAN—SPANISH—GERMAN—FRENCH the languages available. 29 play, the 4039 score for stood

INSTITUTE LINGUAPHONE of the his increased ment as game Rocefeller 6301 Plaza York York 20, New New ball.—Bryant. the Lincoln had As

coursesLINGUAPHONE were easy practical by made and selfassurance developed. he But

more than expert linguists, 150 educators, endorsed by started floor they the they down clergymen, still missionaries, used colleges, schools, by armed quite wasn't sure he what would services. of last Choice that this their more than million chance. one homestudy knew was

ifstudents. Mail in tight he Coupon placed do a for were posiBook. TODAY FREE lost ball If the they they lose would

tion where everything depended on LINGUAPHONE INSTITUTE the game. and his forward Jack

. Plaza 6301 his action. SEND FOR New YorkRockefellerCity 20, running New York broke the dethrough mate

Send the me FREE LINGUA-

I Book. want PHONE

language. was at hand. It was not only the side the tensecond line Jack's mate FREE Name to learn f incoln's final game of the season fense and jockeyed for positions. InBOOKLET CityAddress final game, but also the most imsnapped up the ball on a bounce

portant one. Lincoln and Bryant pass, but was immediately bottled

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA up. Jack feigned his guard out of

position, took the ball off his mate'sfinger tips and in a flash was away DODGEPLYMOUTH in a dribble down the side. He was

almost in the clear, but a guard was Dodge So dlaJbxL Truckscoming in fast. There was nothing

to do but shoot! Nothing Finer

A desperate, clawing hand came him. to guard ofout nowhere And New! All new facilities

fly ball the handjust he let the as came down sharply, missed the SAME MANAGEMENT, CHANGE IN NAME ONLYball, and struck his arm. The ball

of the basketfell short and went We are justly proud of our long association timekeeper's of bounds.out The

gun roared. The Bryant fans went with the Chrysler Corp.—Dodge Division

wild.

But the whistle was screeching as for the Bryant refereethe dashed CO., INC. J. C. BURGESS MOTOR playtheguard. on his hand With

Motor Co. Formerly Lymaner's shoulder, he finally made his

whistle heard. His right hand was 1000 South Main, Salt Lake City Phone 9-7655

in the air, with two fingers rigidly extended.

Two free throws, with the score at 4039! Here was the chance to

or lose thewin game—and the Sound Training is Essential to Success Jack, the guychampionship. And

who lost his nerve and his control in a tight pinch, was going to makethe throws. you/L QPuuUicPl lAmvs&Axhf

Jack took his place at the foul line, and the referee placed the ball offers you that training in 43 departments of instruction.

at his feet. The roar of the crowd Character building also receives its proper emphasis.

fell away to a hum, to a murmur, to silence. WINTER QUARTER STARTS

Jack felt the silence hanging over JANUARY 4him, weighing him down. He knew

every eye in the place was upon him. SPRING QUARTER STARTS

the classes remembered He in MARCH 21 for reciwhich he had volunteered tation; remembered standing before

Write for further information to them, trembling, but saying what he had to say. He remembered THE REGISTRAR

Coach's words, "You'll have to work it out sometime in your life, so it might as well be now."BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Calmly he stooped down and PROVO, UTAH picked up the ball. Deliberately he

gauged the distance. Then he

flipped the ball.

The Lincoln fans rose with a roar as the ball swished through the net. SUNVISTA

silence the swept echoes Then Delicious from 1 H777B '/ffHi B

PEAS For Missionaries, for Investigators, BLACKEYED ball the hall. in Jack's was The BUTTER BEANS

hands again. BABY LIMA BEANS for home reading, for gifts to friends.

This time he didn't hesitate. He PINTOGREEN BEANSCHILI PEPPERS

firmly, the ball grasped measured!SSip PINTOAt YourBEANSGrocersWITH PORK IN THE with the distance his eye, and

dropped the second one through the I GOSPEL NET net.

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

the cheers, the Bryant Amid By ELDER JOHN A. WiDTSOE "I I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I hand. captain Jack's grabbed

REST KING'S MOTEL YE couldn't have that in a million done At your 526 5th STREET SOUTH Dealers $1.75 Book said admiringly. years,"he "And B. Foutz, Dr. Harold Owner

to think, somebody told me you'd Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

lose your nerve in a pinch."Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

JANUARY 1951 63 0MX, 0M&S

THE LIGHT TOUCH BIND YOUR ERA FOR 1950

Subscribers who wish to bind or to otherwise preObvious of serve the 1950 volume THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to toaster the repair defective taking digshop, the her On is that the index preannual informed being now nified circuit told: here, short got dowager "You've a was are reserve yours sending pared your by You name may ma'am."

to 50 address and North ERA, THE IMPROVEMENT it please,"lengthen the instructed for me, lady "Then him

St., 1, Salt Utah. enclose Please City Main a Lake crisply.

of to threecent cost request with your cover stamp postage. To a Turn

at the counter lunch valiantly struggling customer The was "1, Dallas Texas his steak. his notso-choice Finally with cube he put down Sirs: Dear

left knife, the scoring at glared design machine, by the and the past years reading the enjoyed Voice I have two "Cor to said the proprietor: the of for asset such it has mission been Church, * an to my "It's still to that this fry a a tire tread shame has much

all things to work. as end, However, must good come an

it!"on is least just at earth, here the over. Since mission about on my

gift, the sent has to request been a I would Era me as that A Way Out rest the of the to be the mailed address: following Eras Box

241, Richmond, Utah. Thomas Edison hated formal dinners, which were always

The staff of this priceless magazine should be commended stuffy affairs to him. One night, at a particularly dull gathon the splendid work that they are doing. I know that all ering, he decided to sneak away and return to his laboratory.

the missionaries in the TexasLouisiana Mission are now alAs he was pacing back and forth near the door, waiting for ways looking for a home that does not have the Era. When an opportune moment to escape, his host came up to him.

the home is found, the missionary does not leave until there "It certainly is a delight to see you, Mr. Edison,"he said.

is an "Era in every home.""What are you working on now?"

The Era is one of the best, if not the best missionary that "My exit,"replied the inventor, amazed at his own boldness.

the Lord has here on earth to declare the message of the restored gospel to the world. May the Lord bless each of Point of View

you in continuing this great work.

Thanking you for everything, I am, A husband drew up his chair beside his wife's sewing

Sincerely, machine.

fast?"think you're running too "Don't 'Look he asked, you Elder Garth P. Monson

you'll the that out seam. corner sew wrong now! Mind

Pensacola Chamber of Commerce Watch your finger. Steady!"

matter the with you, "What's Pensacola, Florida John?"said his wife. Tve. this running for years."machine been Dear Editors:

dear, "Well, I recall it, several young since you help meI thoughtto drive youthe car."might like me to help you,

us for asked Era Oomethingladies representinglike a yearTheago,Improvementas letter of solicit to a this in approval area. subscriptions

Lillie to the for Beatrice country went a end and week their Finding in credentials order, to were were happy we series the of of a guests heard one statements which make I I letter, this provide them with that mentioned and when objectionable. to protested she the She immediately deemed familiar not with the of was Era, one Improvement The

it. hostess, really her: doesn't assured he "Oh, mean who ladies that to kind young place they say enough was would is joking. things those He's with saying tonguein-cheek."He list. the mailing on name my

Lillie replied: confuses Miss tonguein-cheek with "He I it receiving have regularly been each although month, and

footin-mouth."

it, time admittedly detailed has not permitted of reading a

I like it to that receiving I would have you enjoyed know and for***** interapplicant as job being it a housemaid The was find publication containing inspiration, a consolation, much and encouragement. viewed by the employment agent and was asked if she had

I am inclined to believe that anyone, regardless of his faith, any preference as to the kind of family she would like to would find much of worth in your excellent publication. work for.

With cordial good wishes, I remain, "Any kind,"she replied, "but highbrows. I worked for

Sincerely yours, a pair of them once, and him and her was fighting all the

Paul Damond time. It kept me running back and forth from the keyhole to

Manager the dictionary till I was worn out."*****

a success this year?"asked a friend. Scranton, Penna. "Was your garden

Editors: Dear "I so,"the reply. should say "Our neighbor's chickens was

I"have first prize at the poultry show."enjoyed your articles, your stories, through the years won

getting * I have been so Era, Improvement The may Iy all thank you for for to help folks you have done a "Better

Living,"understanding of life and its problems.

The September Era is here, and I am getting some extra copies because I want to give them to friends who are in the hospital for and will be confined some time. The article, "How

Big?"Elder Richard Evans'"In Italy;""Spoken Word;"

"Your Are Doing About It?"and "Maori You Age—WhatI Chief Predicts of are Latterday Saint Missionaries"Coming

especially good. The magazine will be enjoyed by anyone, no

matter what his religion, because it contains such a variety of material. If we can learn more about what the other one

believes, we can live together better and help bring world peace.

Sincerely yours, (Miss) Johannah Dunn milium

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

YOU CAN SUBSCRIBE TO GOOD, CLEAN, WHOLESOME, ENTERTAINING BOOKS

JUST AS YOU DO TO YOUR FAVORITE MAGAZINEAND SAVE AS MUCH AS 66%

A fine new book, selected with the help of a jury of Peoples Book Club members, is made available to you every five weeks—at the sensationally

low price of only $1.87, regardless of the actual selling price of the book.

Why Sears, Roebuk and Co. makes this amazing offer!

Chances are you overlooked books like these, or maybe you just never HERE'S WHAT MEMBERSHIP BRINGS YOU TYPICAL COMMENTS FROM MEMBERS todid get the around reading "Beautiful yourself. exclusive promised editions here's of you absorbing a So books way seven children have are to "We happy and

from to (at publishers'$2.50 list $3.75 such books have to fine only of gettingnot for read. them Peoples books to you would want read also selling and own, but

for prices) the sensationally low price of only Club Book become a realpart famofour for little—so themhaving receiving plus extra earnedbonus books each. $1.87 ily living. continue you to give such hasMay us dividends,as charge. without actually Imagine gift saving enrollment to joining upon twobooks an up real and Two worthwhile reading."

earnedbonus to from (worth book $3.50thirds price the $5.00) St. of Mrs. Allen, Port Samuel to for have you Florida would titles the very Joe, pay same

with fourth every purchased. Club book the selections "All the have been of PBCJ. ofif to went out you them buy Jurytested the with of books chosen help best. very the is certainly gratifying to get books in That's what Peoples membership can as Club's Club to Book members. mean own you which clean, are I Itknow wholesome, and

Full privileges of with membershipit all to purchase over worthwhile has reading."lovers 600,000 over book moneysaving America: readof four as a as year. few books Mrs. Ball, Allison P. Worcester, Mass. pleasure, librarying a beautiful home in books handsome, bindmatched of to saving of A books on up to you want thoroughly enjoying 66% "I every am received, bookings, the kind everyone reading that in and enjoy. will your For, of family read own. and each book been and has one that I not am

subscription extra to charge A without to selectionsPeoples Club THE in ashamed can in have Book displayed home."library be your my home

magazine. CHOICE PEOPLES Mrs. Marjorie Albany, seenWoods, Oregon pridewith discussed and with confidence. are because they good, And

clean, Peoples books. wholesome will selections Club bring Book you P. PEOPLES O. CLUB Box BOOK Chicago 6570A, Illinois I.E-l 80, free of absorbing readinghours of any objectionable matter. subject advantage to takeimmediate I want of your

proof As immediate and demonstration of advantages the many offer of I citing to enroll Please members. new exme SEND MONEY! NO

1 in Peoples Book Club send and to Sears, mebelonging DICKTHE Roebuck's popular "family"club, Peoples book and THIS, DIGEST ENS MY BROTHER my PLEASE PRINT PLAINLY this spectacular offer makes Club enrollmentBook to you as a new gift books and THE PINK HOUSEas pages reading pleasure, 1201 of three wonderfulmember—books In selection. on II enrollmentas first Club accordance with my Mr.

I offer enrollment will.your save send pluswhich $1.87 this, you the $9.13. dickens you digest Mrs. and brother my

1 for full handling, Miss 13c receipt payment upon asare gift to offered enrollment an you without charge; pink the

all of three a books. inAs purchase may | member (First Name) (Last Name) first as selection. your atHOUSE, list Club Worth $11.00 publishers'selections four Club (as as Iduring few 12 each

I Rural! Box allprices, will for for yours be only only 3 months) $1.87 $1.87 plus for each take not han13c So advantage why

Route Nn I dling. publishers'rogardlessof prices. will this offer right exciting clip andof at the right? now the coupon

receive without charge Peopleslist The Choice fill in no money. mail the Send in and Just I an today. coupon envelope magazine, describes which forthcoming books Street Zone thrill I will I the have of all that theThink you so when | brings advance knowin postman whether may wantthe you Nn Andrew

I described; with book fourth every and book this in reading offer! wonderfulthe enrollment

I1 will purchase, the send additional an Club me | book without extra charge as an earnedbonus. Post

P.O. BOX 1570 A, CHICAGO 10, ILLINOIS I Signature ofnew member must appear on line above PEOPLES BOOK CLUB A DIVISION Of SEAIS, I0EBUCK AND CO., I Offii-P State

Sharing the Good Things of Life

U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

:;;.:. '

.:.

X

FromiyWIiBtoi Mfeaikigpiin Arlberg to the Rockies of

Western Americ2srai||siasts share experiences found in no other sport... the thriu orchussing at speed that feels

like flight... down, down the sleep slopes of untracked,

powdered snow.

Sports are more exciting, scenery more breathtaking when shared with loved ones... and many of these good

things we share, if they depend on financial security, can be safeguarded with Beneficial Life Insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company George Albert Smith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah