Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus instructs Education Week visitors in Church history.

Attend a BYU Education Week in Your Area

SCHEDULE OF 1967 EDUCATION WEEKS Education Weeks will be held

PRESTON SOUTHWEST CIRCUIT this summer in 48 locations in

Preston, Ida May 31, June 1,2 Snowflake, Ariz., June 19, 20, 21 United States, Canada and

DENVER Albuquerque, N. M. Mexico. These festivals of learning

June 27 24, 26, bring of enjoyable several days Denver, Colo. June 1, 2, 3

1 El Paso, July 29, 30, Tex., June

to classwork and profitable CIRCUITEASTERN PACIFIC CIRCUIT NORTHWEST

Washington, D. C June 1, 2, 3 Richland, Wash., June 22, 23, 24 local audiences from the great

Gaffney, So. Car June 8, 9, 10 Tacoma, Wash., June 26, 27, 28 community of scholars at BYU.

Pittsburgh, Penn. June 5, 6 Seattle, Wash., Hundreds of classes are offered

ARIZONANEVADA CIRCUIT June 29, 30, July 1 in science, religion, social

Las Vegas June 3, 5, 6 IDAHO CIRCUIT II studies, handicrafts, fine arts,

Boise June 28, 29, 30 9, 10 8, June Mesa

July 5, 6, Ontario 7 family living and home science, 14 12, 13, Phoenix June

Twin Falls July 10, 11, 12 business, education, and many other

IDAHO CIRCUIT Burley July 13, 14, 15 subjects to assist the visitor in

Idaho Falls...May 31, June 1, 2 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA self improvement. The theme this

5, 6, June Rexburg July 6, 7, 7 Sacramento 8 year is "Values in a World of 8, 9, 10 Pocatello June 11, 12 10, Oakland July

Blackfoot June 12, 13, 14 Palo Alto...July 13, 14, 15 Change,"aimed at giving the

Montpelier lune 15, 16, 17 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT participant direction in our age

UTAH PROGRAMS Fresno July 18, 19, 20 of upheaval. Plan to attend one

B.Y.U. Campus lune 6, 7, 8, 9 Bakersfield July 21, 22 of these vital weeks in your area.

Ogden June 13, 14, 15 Santa Barbara luly 24, 25 For information, write to Education

Salt Lake—Downtown San Diego July 27, 28, 29 Weeks, 122 HRCB, Brigham Young

Rialto July 31, Aug. 1,2 21, 22, 23 August University, Provo, Utah. LOS ANGELES CIRCUIT House Salt Lake—Sugar

August 24, 25, 26 Anaheim...August 3, 4, 5

7, 8, Beach August Long 5, 6, 7 Logan September Park, 10, 11, 12 Aug. Huntington 9 Brigham Young....Aug. 14, 15, 16 Santa Monica CIRCUIT CANADANORTHWEST

Lethbridge, Can., June 15, 16, 17 San Fernando....Aug. 17, 18, 19

Calgary, Can. lune 19, 20, 21 Glendale Aug. 21, 22, 23

Spokane, Wash., June 23, 24, 26 West Covina Aug. 24, 25, 26 University Moses Lake, Washington MEXICO CIRCUIT

June 29, 30, July 1 ColoniaJuarez...Oct. 12, 13, 14 Provo, Utah

Memo to Our Readers: The Voice of the Church

May 1967

Regular Features

Some 40,000 members of the Church 2 Editor's Page: Values Everlasting, President David 0. McKay

in 48 locations in the United States are 22 Genealogy: Research in Ireland

expected to participate in the Brigham 28 The Era Asks: How Are We Using Electronic Mass Media to Spread

Young University Education Week prothe Gospel?

grams this year, Beginning on May 31 33, 81, 82, 87 'The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

in some areas, these training sessions, 41 Era of Youth each held for three days, will feature 63 Teaching: The Church Teacher—Classroom Diagnostician, Sterlingcondensations of courses offered at

R. Provost BYU and are taught mostly by BYU 68 The LDS Scene professors.

These education weeks provide 71 Melchizedek Priesthood: Those Who Are Valiant

golden opportunities for all who are 74 Presiding Bishopric's Page: It Is a Day of Sacrifice

able to take advantage of them to re76 Today's Family: Grandmothers and Great Mothers,

ceive professional instruction in a wide Florence B. Pinnock

variety of subjects. The courses are 79 Home, Sweet Home

meant to supplement, enrich, and 88 Best of Movies strengthen the teachings of the priest90 The Church Moves On hood and the auxiliary organizations.

92 Buffs and Rebuffs Fees are nominal.

Theme of this year's education week 94 These Times: International Law—Prospects and Developments,

programs is "Values in a World of G. Homer Durham

Change."This timely and challenging 96 End of an Era

theme suggested several of the articles featured in the Era this month. Special Articles

Our cover is from a transparency by Values in a World of Change: Constancy Amid Change, Reed H.

Carl Byoir and Associates, Inc., for Bradford

Hughes Aircraft Company. It shows Values in a World of Change: Religious Authority in Today's World,

Early Bird, the world's first commercial Milan D. Smith

communications satellite, built for the 10 Values in a World of Change: The Role of Parents, Orpha S. Boyden

Communications Satellite Corporation by Hughes. For two years this space16 QuinnValues G.in aMcKayWorld of Change: Wise Ways With Worldly Wealth,

craft has been in synchronous orbit 34 Ye Have My Promise, Barbara T. Jacobs22,300 miles over the Atlantic to provide 240 twoway telephone channels 84 Mommy Likes Mud, Too! Janis P. Hutchinson

between Europe and North America, or twoway television between the contiFiction, Poetry nents. The satellite symbolizes the 58 A Run of Gray, Brian Kelly

fastchanging world in which we live a world that needs eternal values com14, 20, 24, 33, 72, 86, 87, 96 Poetry municated to it with all the inspiration and challenge we can muster.

Editor;AlbertMarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., ResearchEra of YouthEditor;Editor;MabelElaineJones Cannon,Gabbott, EraJay M,of YouthTodd,

Associate DavidEleanor0. Knowles,McKayEditor; andRalphEditorialRichardReynolds,Associates;L. Evans,Art Director;FlorenceEditors; NormanB.DoylePinnock,L.F. Green,Price,Today's'ManagingStaffFamilyArtist.Editor;

Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S,Manager;Harris.ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner,Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr, Acting Business G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith,Durham,Subscription

Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men's inexceptadvance;by thefor of The3 MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristAssociationsucceedingof Latterdayyear,of TheSaints.$2.50Churcha Allyearof rightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof Latterdaythree-yearSubscriptionSaints,price;price.35$1967,$3.00singlea <da year,publishedcopy, Managing Editor GeneralMutualmultiplespecial issues.

the Salt for matter. at Utah, secondclass as rate Acceptance special mailing for of provided postage in section 1103 Associations, PriesthoodOfficial Mutual Improvement the Quorums, organ of.JulyLake actEnteredof 2,City, Office,authorized Post1917, 1918. Octoberat

Music School Committee, System, Committee, Teaching ChurchHome for unsolicited is not responsible manuscripts contributions. Improvement welcomes but Manuscripts for paid are acceptance on be and must sufficientEra return. of and Theaccompanied by postage of of Latterdayother Saints. and agencies Christ Church The Jesus

notice days'required of please address. include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address a is cannot well forchangeolddelivery Thirtychanges forthe unless be address change,included. as madeis one Whenas theorderingnew

Era, City, State, Salt Lake South Utah 79The Improvement 84111

May 1967 Many hundreds of years have passed since man- "Show first taught the value of treasuring aYourself kind was a sincereis he"washeart.proclaimed"As [a man]in thethinkethdays ofinthehiswiseheart,manso

Man"who wrote the Book of Proverbs. So also was the

divine appeal, "My son, give me thine heart, and let thine eyes observe my ways."Hillel, whose life

ended just a few years after Christ was born, and in whom Judaism found one of its ablest exponents, expressed the thought in these noble words: "If you

are where no men are, show yourself a man."

No principle of life was more constantly emphasized by the Great Teacher than the necessity of right thinking. To him, the man was not what he

appeared to be outwardly, nor what he professed to be by his words: what the man thought determined in all cases what the man was.

Christ's teachings regarding man's duty to himself as well as man's duty to his neighbor are pervaded with the truth that thought in all cases determines the man's right to happiness or his conEditor's

Page demnation for sin.

In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith the

Lord emphasized adherence to this principle as being the first duty of the Twelve in going forth to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. "But purify your hearts

before men; and then go ye into all the world, and

By President preach my gospel unto every creature who has not

David 0. McKay received it."(D&C 112:28.)

Improvement Era

True, that revelation was given to President Thomas B. Marsh of the Council of the Twelve specifically for the Twelve, but it also concerns missionary

activity. We have long said that every member is a missionary. And only

they whose hearts are sincere and whose thoughts are high and noble can influence others to seek to attain these high ideals.

Fundamental doctrine this, and glorious! Contentment, complacency, peace

—all that makes life worth living—have their source in the mind of the individual. From the same source spring unrest, turbulency, misery—everything

that leads to dissolution and death. It's a life lesson too seldom considered.

People are influenced and moved to action more by what they think other people think than by what they themselves think. Too many arrogate to themselves the thought that sin may be indulged in with impunity so long as it is not

"found out."They presume that dishonest acts may be committed if kept hidden.

To use just one example, as boys of other generations stealthily hid behind barns and bushes to smoke, so boys of today find hiding places for such acts, and they blindly think it is all right if they manage not to be caught.

No matter what the hidden act, whether found out or not, those who transgress pay the penalty of sin and of indiscretion. The intent that precedes the

act leaves its indelible impression upon the character. And though the culprit

might offer a balm to his conscience by saying that he "will not count this one,"yet deep in the inner mind it is counted just the same, and the marks in his character will stand against him in the day of judgment. No one can hide

from his thoughts nor escape from their inevitable consequences.

In view of the responsibility of leadership that every member carries in

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and in the world, it is well for each of us to pause frequently and to take stock of ourself to ascertain what we are thinking about when we don't have to think. "For as [a man] thinketh

in his heart, so is he...."(Prov. 23:7), and "what you are,"as Emerson says,

"thunders so loud in my ears, I cannot hear what you say."o

May 1967 societies only during the last fifty years. This has

Dr. Reed H. Bradford, professor of sociology at Brigham made it possible for the individual to receive knowlYoung University and executive secretary of the adult edge about places, people, and facts in ways that

committee of Church Correlation, has long been a were completely unknown to his grandfather. The

popular contributor to Church periodicals. opportunity to expand his horizons is available to

him. He can know about events happening all over

We must be concerned with eternity. The Lord has the world almost as soon as they occur,

told us, "For behold, this is my work and my glory—. 3. The basic character of many organizations has

to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of changed. Sociologists refer to such groups as the

man."(Moses 1:39.) family or neighborhood as "primary"groups in which

One of the things that has eternal implications is the relationships of individuals are intimate and facechange. Change occurs within both individuals and toface. Such individuals know much about each other

organizations. The twentieth century is characterized and are united by many common bonds,

by some of the most rapid and profound changes in But this century has witnessed the rise of another the social life of human beings ever experienced in the type of group, often referred to as a "secondary"history of man. Let us note some of the major ones, group. This group tends to be formal, rather than

1. There has been a great explosion of certain kinds informal. Organized for a limited, specific purpose,

of knowledge. In this century science has truly been it concerns itself with only one aspect of the indiexploited as a method for the discovery of truth. viduaFs total life. There are hundreds of such orSomeone has indicated that approximately ninety perganizations. For example, one who buys stock in a

cent of all the scientists of recorded history are now given corporation and attends perhaps one meeting living. Vast sums of money are being spent for re- a year is personally acquainted with very few of the

search by both private and governmental agencies in other stockholders. Or perhaps one is a member of

many countries. The amount of information being a given occupational or professional organization; the

published daily is staggering. The individual who only time he sees most of the other members is at an

wishes to become an authority in a given discipline annual meeting.

finds himself forced to become more and more of a 4. In many countries there has been a basic change

specialist. from a rural to an urban type of living. In 1790,

2. Systems of transportation and communication when the first census was taken in the United States,

have greatly increased in number and efficiency, over ninety percent of the population lived in towns

The telegraph, telephone, radio, television, automoof less than 8,000 inhabitants. Today the vast majority

bile, and airplane have become commonplace in many of citizens live in metropolitan areas, and their social

By Reed H. Bradford

Values,, of Change \

Jesus sometimes sought isolation to think, reflect, evaluate, fast, and pray.

"Why shouldn't we?"

Improvement Era

life is characterized by complexity and heterogeneity. education, an education that is based on thought and

The above changes have produced many problems reason.

for both the individual and-*v:; 'his society. The new comIn obtaining such an education, members of The

plexity of life has produced bewilderment and conChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have a fusion. As a result, many individuals have turned to special blessing. Not only can they consider the exso-called escape mechanisms, such as alcohol, drugs, periences of life thoughtfully and reasonably, but they

lust, and gambling, to mention only a few. In many can also enjoy the influence of the Holy Ghost, or,

nations, crime rates are increasing much more rapidly more precisely, the gift of the Holy Ghost.

than population rates. "Yea, repent and be baptized, every one of you, for

This new type of world has brought with it many a remission of your sins; yea, be baptized even by

changes of values. There has been a relaxing and water, and then cometh the baptism of fire and of the

letting down of moral standards. Church memberHoly Ghost."(D&C 33:11.)

ship and attendance are low in many nations. Divorce And, "God shall give unto you knowledge by his

rates are rising. Giving mediocre effort in one's Holy Spirit, yea, by the unspeakable gift of the Holy

daily occupation is common practice. Ghost, that has not been revealed since the world was

How can a person adjust to all these changes? until now."(D&C 121:26.)

First of all, the ringing message of the Savior should An individual living in a complex society often be heard and understood. "These things have I spoken finds, however, that it is difficult for him to carry out

unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that such a process of education because of the many your joy might be full."(John 15:11.) demands placed upon him. The only way such an

His atonement and resurrection, the principles that educational process can be carried out is for the he taught, and the Church that he organized are all individual to make a commitment to himself to do it.

designed to help each person find divine fulfillment. One way to accomplish this is to follow the example of

He said: "I am Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who the Savior. He practiced what might be called "the

was crucified for the sins of the world, even as many art of contemplation."He went alone to a place

as will believe on my name, that they may become where he would not be disturbed and where he could the sons of God, even one in me as I am one in the think, reflect, evaluate, fast, and pray. He was thus

Father, as the Father is one in me, that we may be able to gain a depth understanding of the principles one."(D&C 35:2.) of the gospel.

To become his son (or daughter) means that one But an understanding of the principles is not enough.

must understand the principles upon which such atOne must also live them. At first, when one's experitainment is based. This requires a depth kind of ences with the living of the principles is limited, he

ftr'r*

the author asks.

5-VJWPx-*

May 1967 may experience strong temptations to behave in ways hold of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unthat are not in harmony with the teachings of the ceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax strong in the

Lord. The Savior had such temptations in mind when presence of God; and the doctrine of the priesthood

he said: "I pray not that thou shouldest take them out shall distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven."

of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from (D&C 121:45. Italics added.)

the evil."(John 17:15.) Our Heavenly Father presides over an eternal famAs one discovers the joy that comes from incorporatily. If an individual is married by his authority and

ing these teachings into his life, it becomes easier for lives the principles of the gospel, the marriage will be him to live them. This does not mean that the eternal. Children born to such a marriage may be

temptations will cease, but when they come he must sealed by the Holy Spirit of Promise to the parents, remember that a diamond is of much greater value Such a family and home become a divine sanctuary than its glass imitation. Also, to be tested is one of for the individual. Husband and wife become memthe great purposes of this life. bers of a paired unity wherein they understand,

"Therefore, be not afraid of your enemies, for I encourage, and complement one another. They conhave decreed in my heart, saith the Lord, that I will sider themselves to be partners with their Heavenly

prove you in all things, whether you will abide in my Father in helping their children to become his sons covenant, even unto death, that you may be found and daughters. There is a certain kind of spirit that

worthy."(D&C 98:14.) For those who survive this characterizes such a home: the spirit of respect, of

test successfully, "... all things are theirs, whether kindness, of understanding, of love itself,

life or death, or things present, or things to come, all Yes, we must be concerned with eternity. The soul

are theirs and they are Christ's, and Christ is God's."is eternal; the priesthood is eternal; the family—the

(D&C 76:59.) Lord's kind of family—is eternal; and his principles are

To further assist the individual to become his son eternal. The Ten Commandments, the Beatitudes,

or daughter, the Lord has provided for him the opporand all of his principles are valid in any society and tunity of being blessed by the priesthood and the in any age. By making a personal commitment to

family, both of which are eternal. The priesthood is him to represent him well in whatever positions one

both authority and power. It provides the authority holds, one can experience the maximum joy in whatfor the individual to participate in such saving ordiever kind of society he lives.

nances as baptism and eternal marriage. If one lives And if he gives the last full measure of devotion

the principles of the gospel, he acquires the kind of to the eternal "constants amid change"in this life, power indicated in the following: "Let thy bowels... he has the promise of salvation and exaltation in the

be full of charity towards all men, and to the houselife to come, which is the greatest of attainments. O

Improvement Era

exclusion of religious principle."

Milan D. Smith is president of the Washington [D.C.] The annual Federal Bureau of Investigation report

Stake and executive vice president of the National and the National Crime Commission report released

Canners Association. recently underscore the degree to which the American

stability and morality have been affected as a result

Fundamental laws—eternal truths—do not change, of the unrelenting campaign of derision against rebut customs, habits, hypotheses, standards of living of ligion and high moral values.

various societies, methods of carrying on commerce, The FBI report says that "the organized underworld types of government, communication, modes of transhas amassed tremendous wealth from the vice operaportation, and style of dress and fashions do change tions it controls. Gambling, narcotics, trafficking,

over periods of time. In fact, in our era dramatic usury, labor racketeering, even legitimate business

alterations and innovations in some of these categories activities pour huge sums into the coffers of the top take place at a highly accelerated rate. men. Of these, gambling is probably the most imOther changes, many not pleasant to contemplate, portant. Profits from gambling are used by the

are also taking place. A vocal minority cry, "God is gangland overlords to finance other lucrative ventures

dead."If they could, they would influence all to and to expand their organizations. These funds also

reject the spiritual, moral laws with fixed principles. find their way into the hands of corrupt public

Despite the efforts of iconoclasts to ridicule the officials who are able to provide protection for the profound utterance, George Washington's statement rackets.

on the value of religion continues to inspire most of "In fiscal year 1966, there were 1,705 violations his countrymen and many beyond our borders: "Of committed under the Bank Robberies Statute, includall the dispositions and habits which lead to political ing 1,077 robberies, 47 burglaries and 161 larcenies.

prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable While the total number of these crimes remains high, supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute it is encouraging to note that there was a reduction of

of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great 71 in the 1966 fiscal year over the record high in pillars of human happiness—these firm props of the 1965. Convictions for these crimes continued to induties of men and citizens... and let us with caution increase, however, with a new peak of 870 recorded

indulge the supposition that morality can be mainfor the year. Over 8,696 years in actual, suspended

tained without religion. Whatever may be conceded and probationary sentences were imposed. Two death

to the influence of refined education on minds of pesentences were also levied. Only convictions in federal

culiar structure, reason and experience both forbid courts are included in these totals...."The study

us to expect that national morality can prevail in revealed that banking institutions in 36 out of the

By Milan D. Smith

aK**. M4 n

World morality has been in?today,

seriously affected by those who have rejected moral law. rid

May 1967 Crime in America accounts for over $20 billion yearlyand is highest in the 1521

50 states in the United States were victimized. Traffic Act, 75. There were 602 convictions for theft

"Seven convictions for crimes aboard aircraft and of government property and related violations.

32 for crimes on the high seas were registered in the The National Crime Commission report sets the 1966 fiscal year. economic impact of crime in America in excess of $20

"Investigations of crimes on government and Indian billion a year., A breakdown of crime costs follows:

reservations by the FBI during the year led to a record "Crimes against persons, such as homicide and ashigh of 1,777 convictions. Sentences exceeded 2,100 sault, 815 million dollars; crimes against property, 3.9

years. In addition, a total of 363 fugitives wanted for billion; other crimes, such as drunken driving, tax

such crimes as murder, manslaughter, assault with a fraud and abortion, 2 billion; illegal goods and

dangerous weapons, rape, burglary, and armed robservices, such as narcotics, loansharking, bootlegging bery were located in these cases."of liquor, prostitution and gambling, 8 billion; public

A summary of major convictions disclosed: Assaultlaw enforcement and criminal justice, 4.2 billion;

ing or killing a federal officer, 42; escaped federal private costs related to crime, 1.9 billion."

prisoners, parole, probation, and conditional release The report notes that "for the nation as a whole, violators, 214; espionage, 2; extortion, 62; Federal there is far more crime than ever is reported,"and

Housing Administration matters, 103; bribery, conthat crime is highest in the 15 to 21 age group. "What

flict of interest and bond default, 78; interstate transappears to be happening throughout the country, in

portation of obscene matter, 22; Federal Train Wreck the cities and in the suburbs, among the poor and

Statute, 15; fraud against the government, 288; illegal among the wellto-do, is that parental, and especially

wearing of uniform and related statutes, 109; imperpaternal, authority over the young people is becomsonation, 71; interstate transmission of wagering ing weaker."

information, 12; interstate transportation in aid of The truth of these facts is even more apparent as a

racketeering, 76; interstate transportation of stolen result of a broad survey of 10,000 representative Amermotor vehicles or aircraft, 5,141; interstate transportaican households. The survey found that "burglaries

tion of stolen property, 1,096 (21,164 stolen motor occur some three times more often than reported, that vehicles were recovered); kidnaping, 42; mail forcible rapes occur some three and a half times more

frauds, 13; national bank and federal reserve actsoften, that whitecollar offenses are probably the most

banks, federal credit union, savings and loan, 626; underestimated of all crimes and that no one knows

perjury, 19; Selective Service Act, 1948—343; theft, for certain just how many victims of organized crime

embezzlement, or illegal possession of government keep silent out of fear, or—as in the case of gamblersproperty, 602; theft from interstate shipment, 834; out of disinclination to see the particular criminal

Veterans Administration matters, 61; White Slave activity stopped."

Values age group.

An astounding point made by the commissions sur- "This know also, that in the last days perilous times vey is that one boy in every six sooner or later is shall come.

referred to juvenile court. Further, it predicts that "For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covet-

"about 40 percent of all male children living in the ous, boasters, blasphemers, disobedient to parents,

United States will be arrested for nontraffic offenses unthankful, unholy, during their lives.""Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false acThe FBI report concludes: "Crime and subversion cusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that

continue to chip at the bulwark of democracy as laid are good, down by our forefathers nearly 200 years ago. There "Traitors, headyy highminded, lovers of pleasures

must be a reawakening of the entire citizenry and a more than lovers of God."(2 Tim. 3:1-4.)

return to the oldfashioned'principles of honesty, reHow grateful all of us should be to focus on the spect, high moral standards and patriotism if we are overriding event of this dispensation—the establishto survive."ment, within the broad field of religion, of the Church

It is interesting to note that only one member of through revelation. The Lord's Church has been orthe Crime Commission, in a minority statement, reganized through the Prophet Joseph Smith and posgretted that the report "neglects to recognize Godlesssesses direct authority from God to those of his children

ness as the basic cause of crime, and religion as the who qualify to act in his name in performance of the basic cure."duties, responsibilities, and ordinances of their offices

As these facts demonstrate, a great multitude have within the kingdom.

either completely rejected religion or have designed The scriptures indicate that "no man taketh this to keep a void between its stabilizing influences and honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as the conduct of their daily lives. was Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.) Each who has served since

Satanic powers seem to have prevailed through Joseph Smith as Prophet and President of the Church men in undermining in millions of lives the recognihas served as the only mouthpiece of God in his time tion and reverence for and humble submission to God, to those people who have entered into the covenant whose creative power directed the formation of this of baptism and other covenants with the Lord. The

world and innumerable other worlds, With faith in greatest prophet in a given generation is President of

God gone, these people find it difficult, if not imposthe Church, because he gives counsel that strengthens sible, to have faith in man. They therefore cannot the Saints in meeting the problems of their day. Man,

accept or support human law. through obedience, can obtain joy and satisfaction in

As a result, the following prophecies are being fulthis life as well as in the world to come. Through

filled in our years obedience he will develop qualities of character that cannot be taken from or denied him when he leaves this life. Orpha S. Boyden is mother of four, a member of the

Church authorities at all levels—general, stake, ward, Utah State University Board of Trustees, and in the

mission, branch, and parental—can in this changing Yale (Salt Lake City) 2nd Ward Relief Society

world guide those over whom they preside, can guide presidency.

them to achieve the celestial kingdom of God.

Jesus gave the formula to obtain eternal life: "If "Times have changed. Our home is nothing more

thou will enter into life, keep the commandments."than a hotel, with maid service, where the children

Looking again at the world about us and its effect stop long enough to eat, sleep, shower, change their on us, we are impressed that many men who are held clothes, and go to their next appointment."Parents

high in the esteem of their fellowmen but who do not with this attitude are defeated, and their children are have the priesthood of God are not in the best position to be pitied.

to counsel society on problems of everyday living. Times have changed. Man can now cross the contiHow much more ineffectual they become, then, if nent in the time he used to drive a team of horses 30

they are dealing in the intangible realms of the miles. This is the day of the instant breakfast, dripspiritual. dry, and permanent press. But there is one thing that

We find that man is generally unable to make has not changed: the responsibility of parents to their

accurate interpretations of his fellow human beings children. The counsel given by King Benjamin a long

with whom he has close physical and mental comtime ago is just as valid today as it was then:

munion. "And ye will not suffer your children that they go

How, then, can he reasonably follow them in their hungry, or naked; neither will ye suffer that they

counsel in a field that they are patently unqualitrangress the laws of God, and fight and quarrel one fied to comprehend? By comparison, those men with another, and serve the devil....

in the Church who counsel by inspiration are able "But ye will teach them to walk in the ways of to convey truths that are spiritually discerned. With truth and soberness; ye will teach them to love one

confidence one can accept such guidance, knowing another, and to serve one another."(Mosiah 4:14, 15.)

that those truths are part of the total truths that ultiThe role of Latterday Saint parents has been made mately rule life and eternal destiny. very clear by the Lord in a revelation to Joseph Smith

Would that all mankind could appreciate the beauin 1831:

ties of the gospel and live for its blessings; then the "And again, inasmuch as parents have children in

problems that now appear to have no solution would Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, swiftly be solved. O that teach them not to understand the doctrine of

By Orpha S. Boyden

Values

.J*+

10 Improvement Era repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the living God, to teach children how to sort out and live by those and of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the principles that will bring them happiness. Here are

laying on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin some specific ideas that might be helpful to your be upon the heads of the parents.... family:

"And they shall also teach their children to pray, 1. We must make home a pleasant place. This has

and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D&C 68:25, nothing to do with architecture or decor. If we expect

28.) to teach proper values to our children, it must be in

If we want our homes to be less like grand hotels an atmosphere of love and understanding, where the and more like places where we can teach our children Spirit of the Lord can dwell, where ideas are exto pray and to walk uprightly before the Lord, we changed freely, and where each person feels apprewill have to work at it. We must quit talking about ciated for his own special qualities. Home should be

the "good old days"when life was simpler, and bring a place where children like to be, a haven from the our thinking down to here and now. Personally, I'm world of conflict and competition, a place where

not sure how good the good old days really were. I good humor abounds and where courtesy is not saved

find the modern highways and automobiles, with all for company.

their hazards, a great improvement on the dusty wash- 2. Keep up with the times! Are we interesting

board roads we used to bounce over. I am likewise persons, not merely dutiful parents to whom the child

grateful for the advances in scientific areas providing feels obligated? We may not be able to do the new

us with vaccines and drugs that now practically math, but we can read enough about it to show that eliminate diseases that were common in my childhood, we are at least in the twentieth century.

The problem for today's parents is to help their With newspapers, books, magazines, radio, and children understand that the automobile can be a television, there is no excuse for not being reasonably wonderful means of transportation or it can be a lethal well informed on current subjects. While we can't

weapon; drugs can save lives or ruin them. So many know all about everything, we can keep abreast of

forces are competing for the time and interest of our things enough to understand the problems that face children that parents must be real leaders if they are our children today. How can we deal with the subto succeed. jects of miniskirts, LSD, long hair, short hair, proWe must help our children meet the onslaught of tests, and pornography unless our discussions are

conflicting ideas. Conscientious parents will not based on accurate information? How can we enshield their children from new ideas but will help courage our children to develop cultural and scientific

them evaluate their worth. Experiences can and interests unless we do so ourselves?

should be provided within the framework of the home 3. Quiet, please! Someone has declared that the

A sixpoint plan for making a house more of a home and less of a hotel.

May 1967 U "How can we talk to youth about miniskirts, protests, or pornography unless we communications gap between generations is greater how much times have changed, the home remains than between languages. It could be that many of us the place where each child starts his life experience,

parents are talking when we should be listening. If and what happens there profoundly affects his fuwe really want to improve the dialogue between us ture.

and our children, we will listen respectfully when the Latterday Saint parents have an obligation to guide children ask questions or when they are in a mood their children in such a way that they may qualify for a friendly talk. If we are interested listeners, we to return to our Heavenly Fathers presence. This

can learn much about the value systems they are means that we must introduce them to experiences in encountering. which the eternal values are embedded. If a child

Children's timingis usually bad (until they become is brought up in a'home where he feels loved and a little older and know its importance). Even though appreciated, he is more apt to have confidence in

the baby is crying, the phone is ringing, and the gravy himself and faith in others. For the first few years,

about to boil over, the wise parent will actually handle the important formative years, home is the entire the matter, not using the confusion as an excuse for world to the child. His whole outlook on life is

postponement until tomorrow or forever. affected by what takes place there.

On the other hand, parents who are too preoccupied The home and its surroundings provide a natural often lose contact with their children's points of view. laboratory for learning. The assignment of home

When a touchy subject comes up, these parents often duties should not be merely a device for getting the "lose their cool,"harsh words are exchanged, and the work done; such qualities as dependability, promptline of communication between parent and child is ness, decisionmaking, and pride in workmanship can

pretty well clogged, if not cut off completely. One be developed in children whose parents will take the

teenager said to her friend: "I wish I could attend time and interest to make it happen. The nagging

your home evenings instead of ours. You and your approach may get the job done but that's about all.

folks have such a good time together, and you can Children whose parents take the time to watch a talk about anything. At our home I feel that unless sunset with them, or plant a garden with them, will

I answer the questions exactly as my father wants develop an appreciation for the wonders and beauty them answered, he is disappointed and critical of me. of nature. Children whose parents plan with them and

So I just don't talk."do a good deed for a neighbor are learning the mean-

4. Home as a laboratory. Young parents could being of brotherly love. Parents who give of themselves

come "confused by the barrage of printed material will be remembered in love much longer than those on the modern approach to childrearing. But parents who spend their energies providing material

any thoughtful parent must realize that no matter things for their children.

have accurate information?"

One of the greatest blessings to come to families that children want and need discipline. They often

through the Church in recent years is the home have neither the background nor the experience to evening manual, particularly the sections on applicamake proper choices without guidance.

tion of the gospel truths being taught. Every class "Consistency, thou art a jewel,"could have been

we attend—priesthood, MIA, Primary, Sunday School, written about childrearing. When a child is punRelief Society—teaches gospel principles, but the ished one day for misbehaving and the same action

home is in the unique position of being able to actually is ignored on another occasion, it is difficult for him try these principles out. For example, what better to understand just what behavior is expected. It is

way could we help children begin to understand very tedious work for the parents of young children

Jesus'sacrifice for us than to give them actual experito hammer away at what behavior is acceptable and ence in making sacrifices for each other? what is not, but nothing will pay greater dividends in

Ann, who was shy and needed more association with helping children become stable members of society.

children her own age, was invited to a party. She had If a child has not been taught by loving parents how

an important family responsibility and declined the to mind, he is on the road to trouble with all authorinvitation. Her older brother discovered this and ity—the school, Church teachers and officers, military

insisted on her going to the party while he did her and government officials. Respect for law and auassignment. It was learned later that to do this he thority begins in the home. The child whose parents

had turned down an invitation to attend a basketball are wishywashy about how instructions are followed game, and he loved basketball. This experience has a difficult time adjusting to those who are in auhelped both children learn what it means to do withthority over him outside the home. If parents allow

out something we ourselves want in order to help their child to do as he pleases when he pleases, they someone we love; thus we will come to appreciate are failing in their responsibility to prepare him for

more and more the great sacrifice Jesus made for us. life's experiences. Fundamental in Latterday Saint

As Latterday Saint parents we must put more emphateaching is respect for law and authority.

sis on living the gospel than on talking about it. 6. The power of example. An English minister of

5. Who's in charge here? At times this is not easy the seventeenth century stated: "Whatever parent

to tell. One too often gets the impression that the gives his children good instruction, and sets them at

children are making the decisions and giving the the same time a bad example, may be considered as orders. In these cases it may be that since the "parbringing them food in one hand, and poison in the

ents are either too timid or too lazy to be the leaders, other."

the children do it for them. Enough has been said If we are truly serious about assuming our role

and written on the subject to convince any parent as parents, consistent with Latterday Saint teachings,

r Values1nmWorld of (mange we must prove through our actions our sincere belief volvement, the child soon believes that keeping the in the eternal values. We cannot stoop to hypocrisy, commandments may not be so important after all.

as exemplified by the parent who tells the school his These are some of the areas that we might explore child is ill at home when in reality he is on the ski in reviewing our role as Latterday Saint parents in slopes, or the parent who permits a child to drive a a changing world. It must be recognized that a parcar before he is of legal age. When a parent shows ent is, first of all, a leader, and that he must develop

contempt for regulations, his lessons on respect for within himself to the best of his ability those unasthe law are soon forgotten. If a parent only has the sailable qualities that enable him to say, as Jesus

"Christmas and Easter"approach to his religious inhas said to all of us, "Come, follow me."O

A Mother's Prayer

By Marjorie K. Reynolds

Thank you for his hands Thank you for his ears that he can catch a ball, that he can hear his name,

And dress himself and hold his cup; And Toby's bark and birds that

Hang on so he wont fall. sing

And rain tliat falls the same.

Thank you for his eyes that he can see to play, And read his hooks and look for shells, To know sunshine is day.

Thank you for his thoughts Thank you for his feet that he can wonder why, that he can skip and run, And watch the stars and feel the

And climb a tree and hop a fence snow,

And march with his toy gun. To dream and plan and try.

A.

feA*

Jr * 1. REASONING, REVELATION

-AND YOU! by James J. Unopulos, Jr. $4.95

Here is the gospel plan in its plainness and also its majesty. The book is based on a

course of gospel achievement taught successfully in southern California for several years. Inspirational reading,

as well as a thoughtprovoking course of study.

2a. TALKS FOR TOTS, Vol. 2

by Joyce Bowen Maughan $2.25

by Jeanette McKay Morrell $4.95

An ideal book for homes with Primary and This biography of President McKay

Junior Sunday School children. Here are continues to be an extremely popular book

uplifting ideas and careful suggestions for among Latterday Saint readers and nontalks... easy to learn and remember. members alike. The author, the President's

This is a companion volume to the very sister, portrays the greatness of his leaderpopular Vol. 1, priced at $1.95. ship, as well as the personal humility and

(To order Vol. 1 write for 2b) depth of character that have made him so

beloved of his people.

FAMILY NIGHT FUN AND LEARNING

4. TEACH ME byDortheaC. Murdock

An enchanting collection of stories, projects, games, and other pastimes that the very young will appreciate. Ideal for home evenings or for use in Primary,

Junior Sunday School, Relief Society, Nursery Classes.

5. PLEASE TELL ME by Elizabeth and J. Stanley Schoenf"eld

Here are some of the mostoften asked questions on religion—answered clearly

for the young mind. A helpful book for all parents. Don't give your children

just any answer, use this skillfully written book.

6. FAMILY NIGHT FUN by Monroe ana'Shirley Paxrnan

A great "howto"book that spells out many recipes for successful and memorable family nights. Here are many ideas that will spark your family gettogethers and make them meaningful.

7. AND THEY SHALL TEACH THEIR CHILDREN by Reed H. Bradford

A warning and encouraging voice that should be heeded by all Latterday Saint parents. Drawing upon scriptural sources and with supporting material from

presentday Church leaders, the author clearly defines the role and the responsibility of parents in teaching their children.

SEND FOR THESE BOOKS NOW DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44777EastSouthSouthMain,Temple,Orange,SaltCaliforniaLake City,92669Utah 84110 (or)

Please send me the following books I have circled:

1 2a 2b 3 4 5 6 7 Residents of Utah ordering from Salt Lake City store add 3%% sales tax; residents of California ordering

from Orange store add 4% sales tax.

tteoeretCOMPANY Book Or,Pleaseenclosedbill myfindestablishedcheck/moneyaccountorder( ordering) for total purchase $

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL NameCITY SALT LAKE

2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Address..

777 CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE, SO. MAIN

City State Zip..

I WISH TO OPEN AN ACCOUNT—PLEASE SEND DETAILS ( ) (check) Era May 67

of prosperity and enjoy the luxury of material possesDr. Quinn G. McKay, dean, school of business and sions unequalled in any other period of man's history.

economics at Weber State College, Ogden, Utah, is The oftrepeated statement attributed to one of the teachers quorum adviser in his ward and a consistent latterday prophets, "The Saints can endure poverty contributor to personnel management publications. much better than they can handle prosperity,"should

serve to encourage us all to raise questions about our

What are our attitudes toward people who are economic values and make sure we are not going wealthier than we, or those who might be considered astray.

poor? Anyone who attempts to honestly discuss ecoNeither wealth nor poverty is an indication of

nomic values often runs the risk of offending either worthiness. It is somewhat disturbing to hear more

the rich or the poor or both. The rich frequently and more frequently the idea that if a person lives

seem to disparage the poor because of their poverty, righteously, he will gain economically. This implies

and the poor often condemn and are covetous of the that if one is poor, he is not obeying God's commandrich because of their accumulation of material goods. ments. If it is argued that righteousness brings prosThe rich may justify their position by pointing out perity, then those in poverty should be able to

such facts as that Peter was a businessman and must overcome their lot by repenting; hence, such reasonhave had some means, while the poor may cite quotaing implies that their economic condition is evidence

tions of the Savior condemning the rich. of failure to live a Godlike life. Likewise, it also

It seems fairly safe to say that neither prosperity implies that accumulation of material goods is evinor poverty, as such, has any virtue in and of itself. dence of a more Christian way of life. But surely

Unrighteous rich and unrighteous poor are equally God does not equate righteousness with riches, nor condemned in Doctrine and Covenants 56:1617. What use poverty as evidence of sinful living.

poverty or prosperity does to one's relationship to God Some people believe that accumulation of worldly and his fellowmen is certainly the important thing. goods is evidence of their having lived a good life.

However, a tabulation of the statements of Christ for One author notes that many of the early founders of and against wealth and poverty, coupled with the hisAmerica were highly motivated by such a belief. They

tory recorded in the Book of Mormon, does indeed reasoned that if one lives God's laws, he will be seem to indicate that of the two, riches are more to blessed materially; thus if one has gained many

be feared. material things, this must be verification of a Godlike

In the scriptures, practically every period of proslife. Two factors indicate that this reasoning cannot

perity led to unrighteousness. Measured by almost be valid:

any standard, the Saints are now living in a period 1. If wealth follows righteous living, it would then

By Quinn G. McKay

Values fnmr%op>

"Neither wealth nor poverty is an

'Itm rJ*- \i\

16 Improvement Era appear that people who have no wealth are unrighquite lacking in industry. There must be other causes

teous—but wasn't Christ himself poor? for poverty.

2. If wealth follows righteous living, those who 2. Poor management, or lack of skills. This is probare most wealthy should be the most righteous. But ably a more frequent cause of poverty than laziness.

wealth and poverty have little causal relationship to Many people just do not have the skills to make and either righteousness or sinful living. manage money. Wealth is accumulated by following

We live in an age of great materialism, and at times economic (material) principles, not spiritual princiwe all tend to get caught up in the urge to get more ples. Some people never learn these principles. Some

money. In former days people lived in small towns perhaps don't feel that money is important, and thus

and could get to know their neighbors on a close, they have not been motivated to develop necessary personal basis that allowed them to evaluate others economic skills.

more honestly. 3. Misfortune. Such things as ill health, death of

Today, in our highly urbanized society, we come the income earner, drought, fire, or an accident might to know our neighbors less intimately, and the value also cause people to be poor.

of a man is often determined by fleeting glimpses 4. Poverty that is inherited. Children usually adopt

of the make of his car, the clothing he wears, the size the attitudes of their parents, and so the attitudes that and location of his home, and a rumored amount of made the parents poor are often passed on to their his income. This relative personal remoteness, offspring.

coupled with the materialism of our society, tends Why are people rich? Consider the following:

to increase the urge of many to become more 1. Wealth that is inherited. Today there are few

acquisitive. Horatio Algers who worked up the ladder from janitor

To help provide a basis for sound economic values to president of the company; many wealthy people of

in this world of change, it should be useful to discuss today inherited their wealth from their parents.

some of the reasons people may be poor or rich. 2. Good management. We usually do well what

First, why are people poor? Here are some possible we set our hearts on; thus, "... where your treasure

reasons: is, there will your heart be also."(Matt. 6:21.) If a

1. Laziness. Yes, some people are poor because man thinks worldly wealth is important, he may set

they are lazy. However, those who are wealthy are his goals toward attaining such wealth, develop the

sometimes prone to judge this to be the major or sole necessary skills, and concentrate his efforts, and often reason for poverty. Evidence proves that the wealthy he will make money.

have no monopoly on hard work. We all know of poor 3. Dishonesty. Regardless of the slogan "Honesty

people who work hard, and wealthy people who are is the best policy,"many people become wealthy

indication of worthiness."

May 1967 17 Unfortunately, many people spell $ucce$$ only one way.

through dishonest and even illegal practices. This up in the pride of your hearts, and wear stiff necks

does not mean that all rich people are dishonest; it and high heads because of the costliness of your apdoes mean that wealth cannot be used as an indication parel, and persecute your brethren because ye suppose

of righteousness. that ye are better than they.

4. Good fortune. Being in the right place at the "But before ye seek for riches, seek ye for the kingright time or being involved in some unforeseen hapdom of God.

pening has made more than one man. rich. "And after ye have obtained a hope in Christ ye

5. Hard work. This is another contribution to shall obtain riches, if ye seek them; and ye will seek

wealth, but usually it must be accompanied by good them for the intent to do good—to clothe the naked,

management. and to feed the hungry, and to liberate the captive,

Suffice it to say, there are many other reasons for and administer relief to the sick and the afflicted."

wealth and poverty than living or not living spiritual (Jac. 2:13, 1819.)

commandments. Worldly riches usually come to those In most western societies today, money represents

who obey economic laws, and poverty to those who a certain degree of power and influence. Indeed, this

disobey economic laws. is one of the prime motives for some who seek wealth.

Since the words of scriptures and latterday prophets While this can be a real blessing, caution should be seem to indicate the possession of riches to be the practiced to heed continually the warning:

greater problem, our concern should be even height- "We have learned by sad experience that it is the ened in this day of bounteous material goods. nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as

Our motives are far more important than whether they get a little authority [power], as they suppose, we have or have not. Years ago a young member of they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous

the Church set a goal to make a million dollars by dominion."(D&C 121:39.)

the time he was 40 so he could then do as he wished. Society today often equates success with money.

He reached this goal, and as far as can be discerned, When people refer to a man with means as successhe has used his wealth wisely. However, many others ful, it doesn't take others long to determine that

have attempted the same thing, and in the course of money may also win them the same title, and thus they events their attitudes have changed. Avarice, greed, often seek for success as measured by society.

a desire for prestige, power, and ostentation have On the other hand, those who might be considered crept in, and they have completely forgotten Jacob's poor should assess their motives and make sure that admonition in the Book of Mormon: justifying poverty by quoting scriptures is not just a

"... because some of you have obtained more salve to cover an indolent attitude. Each man should

abundantly than that of your brethren, ye are lifted do all he is capable to provide his own support.

Values,*SBslfes*

<9l

tfBT; >* *mm:/>%r

i*#p "**

4f Here are some suggestions each of us might conmy family with the economic necessities of life?

sider to help us maintain sound economic values in a 3. I will make a selfevaluation to see if I have

hectic world of change: tended to lose sight of the purpose for which I was

1. Periodically I will have a frank talk with myself placed on earth—i.e., to develop Godlike qualities.

about my attitudes toward those who are poorer and Brigham Young has said, "The Latterday Saints who those who are richer than I. Does my behavior toturn their attention to moneymaking soon become cold

ward these people demonstrate that I regard each of in their feelings toward the ordinances of the house them as my brother? Or do I attempt to avoid the of God."Does my behavior demonstrate that seeking

poor because they are not "in my class"? Am I conthe kingdom of God is my primary goal? Do I find

descending toward those who are poor? Do I curry a it easier to forego my duties toward furthering the

certain man's favor because he is rich? When I see Lord's work in favor of things that will bring me either

a man who is poor, do I make a mental note that more money or worldly recognition? Do I really keep

he must be lazy and irresponsible, not realizing that first things first?

there may be valid reasons for his economic condition? 4. I will avoid debt. "Let us all be happy and live

Do I regard all rich as being dishonest or greedy? within our means, even if we have to borrow the

2. I will regularly ask myself searching questions money to do it with,"said Artemus Ward. In a way,

and be toughminded in my answers to check my Mr. Ward's comment epitomizes our day. Confeelings toward worldly wealth. Do I avoid avarice sumer debt, along with bankruptcy, has been rising

and greed? How much of my seeking after worldly at an alarming rate. It is relatively easy for one to

wealth is honestly prompted by my wanting to pay say, "I am different. Only those who don't know how

more tithing or to give to the poor, and how much by to handle money go bankrupt."This may be true,

wanting more recognition, power, influence, and but an alarming number of people who thought they prestige?. knew how to handle debt have gone bankrupt. A key

Do I give only of my surplus, or do I share also to avoiding debt is to save a portion of everything my necessities? How much does a keepingup-withearned. With rare exception, only three things justify

theJoneses attitude direct my attempts to get more personal debt: buying a house, starting a business,

money? Am I a "publican"who loves to be seen of and obtaining an education.

men? 5. I will pay my obligations. "A man who will not

How do I spell $ucce$$? If I have little worldly pay his honest debts is no Latterday Saint, if he has

wealth, am I poor because I have not accepted the means to pay them,"said Brigham Young. Too

my responsibility to my family? Have I made an frequently we hear about people who are careless,

honest effort to learn the skills necessary to provide neglectful, or even deceitful about their financial

: *&*ii'-&*.'

obligations. Each of us should learn to be prompt worldly goods. However, man should not obey the

and honest in money matters. commandment just because he hopes it will return

6. I will return to the Lord his tithing, onetenth more money to satisfy his desire for material gain.

of my increase. This is the nearest the Lord has Tithe payers should return the tenth because it is

come to giving us an economic law. However, even the right thing to do; they should obtain the personal

this is primarily a spiritual law. development and strength that come from doing the

"We do too many right things for too many wrong right thing for the right reason.

reasons"is an oftrepeated statement. No one should Continual vigil must be maintained to make certain

pay tithing with as his main motivation the belief we are not engulfed by the materialistic mindedness that by so doing he will become wealthy in worldly of our society. Each of us should cultivate, as prime

things. There is no doubt that a man will be blessed virtues, industry, thrift, and a willingness to make his

abundantly for paying tithing—perhapseven with own way in life. O

Two in a Garden By Webb Dycus

Hazemuted, in the west the sinking sun

Slipped dreamily below the ridge's rim,

While mockingbirds and quail and warblers spun

Sweet fabrications, and the light grew dim.

A toad forsook his station by a plant,

Fleeing the doom of an approaching hoe;<

Above, a jet trailed plumes roseradiant;

And dusk obscured the far end of the row.

Day music stilled, and whippoorwills charged in

With ringing notes of pastoral renown.

I watched the fireflies'mystic show begin.

While we were gardening, night put gently down.

%k mM-

There's one other tissue just as soft as (hiHon faeial

It eomes in rolls.

Both the bathroom tissue and the facial tissue have the same touch of luxury—-in colors

as gentle as the tissue itself.

Two layers of tissue make Chiffon doubly soft and doubly strong.

By the box, or by the roll.

May 1967 21 In identifying ancestors, genealogical researchers need the answers to four key questions regarding Major Genealogical Record Sources record sources:

1. What types of records

exist that will aid in thes identification of ancesMAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY

CENTURY tors?

TYPE OF RECORD 16th 17th 18th 19th 20ths 2. What periods of time 1. Civil Registration

do the existing records cover? 2. Griffith's Valuation Lists

3. What genealogical in- 3. Protestant Marriages

5. Census Recordsi formationexisting records?appears in the 4. Tithe Applotment Books

4. What is the avail- 6. Marriages in Dublin

ability of existing records 7. Roman Catholic Registers

for searching? 8. Presbyterian Registers

The chart and table that 9. County Militia Records

follow contain answers to 10. Deeds & Land Records

the above questions for the 11. Anglican Church Registers

major genealogical record 12. Quaker RegistersS sources of Ireland. The 13. Probates

major sources are listed, MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED together with type of record, period covered, type TYPERECORDOF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OF GIVENINFORMATION AVAILABILITY of information given, and 1. Births CIVIL deaths. Catholic marand General, Registrar Dublin; House, Custom

riages: dates, places, REGISTRApresent1864 to names, ages, 18641957 index film (Genealogical on Soavailability. source occupations, parentage, ciety); residence TION original certificates, births 18641955,

Table A shows at a marriagesfilm (GS) 18641870; deaths 18641870, on

Births, marriages, deaths: names, Central Ofc. Fermanagh House, a available for research NorthIrelandof present1922 to dates, places, occupations, ages, Belfast; Ormeau RegistryAve, index and original

residence parentage, certificates 19221959 on film (GS) a particular problem in1 glance the record sources century. Births 18641921

at sea whenBirths atatleastsea oneon parentBritish is vesselsIrish: Registrar General, Custom House, Dublin

Table B provides more names, dates, parentageI detailed information about the major records availDeathsat sea 18641921 Deathsof Irishat persons:sea on Britishnames, vesselsdates, Registrar General, Custom House, Dublin

ages, sometimes additional data able. For example, if aI pedigree problem is in the abroadBirths 18641921 abroadBirths ofcertifiedchildrenby toBritishIrish parentsconsul: Registrar General, Custom House, Dublin

seventeenth century, a names,additionaldates,dataparentage, sometimes quick indication can be

of Irish 18641921 Deaths persons abroad film cerOn (GS); Registrar General, Custom obtained from Table A of abroadDeaths British consul: tified by names, Dublin House,

the sources available for tionaldates, dataparentage, sometimes addithat period. Reference to

, LibraryPublic Reof Table B will then provide 2. GRIFFITH'SVALUATION 18501855 Compiledpurposes, houses,for valuationtenements,and ratinglands: cordsSouthernOffice,IrelandDublin,in printNational(GS)

more complete informaLISTS namesname ofof parishtenants, leasees, owners; Ireland,(GS), PublicDublin;Rec NorthernOfc, BelfastIreland on film

tion. s Srgggg OF TYPE PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION AVAILABILITY GIVEN RECORD COVERED

3. PROTES1845-1864 Names, dates, ages, occupations, Registrar General, Custom House, Dublin;

TANT fathers'names and occupations, index and originals on film (GS)

MARRIplace of residence AGES (Civil Registration)

4. TITHE 1824 Lists all land holders, incl tenant Southern Ireland on film (GS)

MENTAPPLOTfarmersof owner,andtenant,leasees.or jointGives tenant,name

BOOKS rate of tithe payable, the townland, parish, barony, and county

North of approx Northern Ireland on film (GS)

Ireland 18221835

5. CENSUS 1821 Names of all members of family, On film (GS), Public Rec Ofc, Dublin. MaRECORDS ages, occupations, relationships jority destroyed. Extant are parishes beginning with A through T in County Meath,

A-L in Co Galway, A-D in Co Offaly (Kings

Co), A-R in Co Fermanagh, and A-M in Co

Cavan

1831 Name of head of family, residence, On film (GS), Pub Rec Ofc, Dublin. Only

number of males and number of one county preserved, Londonderry females in family, number of servants, religion

1841 Names of all members of family, On film (GS), Pub Rec Ofc, Dublin. Only

ages, occupations, relationships, one parish preserved, Killeshandra Parish, year of marriage, educationCounty Cavan

1851 Same as 1841 On film (GS), Pub Rec Ofc, Dublin. All

destroyed except Drumkerran Parish, Fermanagh, and the following parishes in Antrim: Carncastle, Kilwaughter, Rasharkin,

Tickmarcrevan, Craigs (Ahoghill), Killead,

Ballymoney, Aghagallon, Lame, Dunaghy,

Aghalee, Ballinderry, Grange of Killyglen

1901 Complete identifying data Census returns of 1861, 1871, 1881, and 1891 not preserved. The 1901 census is at the Pub

Rec Ofc in Dublin but not available for searches

6. MARRI1806-1837 Registers of marriages in Dublin On film (GS); Registrar General, Custom

AGES performed by the Rev. J. G. F. House, Dublin

IN Schulze, minister of the German

DUBLIN Protestant Church: names, dates,

places, sometimes christenings and additional information

7. ROMAN approx (In Latin) christenings, marriages, Local parish custody; microfilmed by NaCATHOLIC 1800 to a few burials; christenings list tional Library of Ireland (the staff does not

present, names, dates, parentage, REGISTERS usually search it is necessary to have someone—

some incl mother's maiden surname, in Dublin search for you) earlier names of godparents

.res&reftgttfess

llustrated by Sherry Thompson msm

gts& *j>& weim&

(Continued from preceding page)Q*A Ireland

PERIOD TYPE OF OP TYPE INFORMATION AVAILABILITY tookNOTE:placeIn in1922thea coursecivil warof GIVEN COVERED RECORD

which the Public Records Ofregisters earliest Christenings: parish custody; of father and Local names PRESBYapprox Four the called at fice, then

Belfast Historical Society, the Presbyterian rarely child, very mother's 1800 to name, 8. TERIAN the and burned residence dates, present, Courts, was REGISTERS

earlier some Marriages: names, dates, residence majority of the records 1674 ff

therein were destroyed. That

parliament a separate Usually name, birthplace, date of Public Record Office, London year approx 9. COUNTY

estab1730-1920 enlistment were MILITIA and government

RECORDS lished at Belfast for Northern Ireland, comprised of sale, trust index land index and 1708 to Deeds on film of mortgages, Surname 10. DEEDS & (GS) the counties of Antrim, Aretc.: leases, genealogical at transfer Registry present Henrioriginal deeds of Deeds, LAND

RECORDS data varies etta Street, Dublin magh, Down, Fermanagh, CJ

Marriage settlements, transfer of Londonderry, and Tyrone.

property gives two toandbrideevenandthreegroom:generaoften The remainder of Ireland (26

tions of genealogical data counties) set up a parliament and government in Dublin, 11. ANGLICAN approx Christenings, marriages, burials: Local parish custody; few in print (GS) first known as the Irish Free

exdetails of registers ages, parentage, names, dates, resimany CHURCH since later as Eire, and State, relationships, information (GS) tant seedestroyed—forDeputy Keepers Reports REGISTERS to18thpresentC dences,

Ireof Republic the varies as 1948 land. This partition affected

12. QUAKER 1655 to Monthly meeting records contain Society of Friends, 9 Eustace Street, Dublir the keeping of vital statistics,

(the staff births, marriages, not search, does deaths: names, need REGISTERS present agent) and dating from 1922 the relationships, places, dates, Lisburn, inforFriends House, Meeting Antrim

mation varies—often quite detailed records pertaining to the six

separate counties are kept in 13. PROBATES 1536 to Names, dates, places, relationships, Index of most, 15361917, on film (GS); few Belfast. Prior to 1920, Irishoriginals Couri film on all Prerogative (GS); present information varies in men served in the British wills to prior into pedigrees 1810 copied

"Betham MSS"(GS); originals scattered armed forces, since there was

Ofc, Public Dublin; Public Record Record no official army or navy of Ofc, Belfast; of Genealogists, Soc London

Ireland.

&?#I&sa63g3f3g3y jf& m%%: 3% iftgSBSfoES

Nanette

I gave you life "Mother, I went I went,

Those years ago, I've found some To see the sweetest And all the

My middle child, Kittens. Girl, with laughter in Beauty of the

And watched you grow Come with me."Her eyes, God's World was there.

Christ's Church A lovely child of God. I went Message on her

You oft would say to me: To feel the Lips. I loved her, too. Upon this earth,

Restored. "Mother, Warmth of new life "Mother,

I've found some flowers And understand. I've found a church

In a tree. That is true.

"Mother, Come with me."I've heard a song Come with me."

I went to see That matches the stars.

New beauty Come with me."

Living there, I went Untouched by And heard the Human Angels singing Hands. In your heart.

"Mother, I've found a friend.

Come meet her."

GET SET FOR A GREAT

SUMMER OF

I EARIMIIMG

1967 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Summer

Fun - filled days of supervised vacation, learning, and personal development on a modern university campus.

2nd Annua!

Theatre Workshop June 12—July 14

Intensive classes in acting, voice, interpretation, makeup, costuming, lighting, scenery construction and design.

3rd Annual (Girls) B.Y.U. Youth Academy

June 1930 and July 3-14

of learning Kaleidoscope and fun—stimulating classes special and excursions—

a dream vacation for girls.

9th Annual (Boys) B.Y.U. Youth Clinic

June 1930 and July 3-14 Wellrounded boys'program including athletic and academic courses, wholesome fun and fellowship.

I went, 23rd Annual And as the waters SummerJuly 31—AugustMusic 12Clinic

Rippled o'er my vacation music Exciting summer—intensive

choral, orchestra, in band, andFace, strong arms training work. ensemble

Held me, and a stronger love I knew that God 11th Annual Was near—those High School

Hands upon my PublicationsAugust 7-11Workshop the withHead journalism Practical experience—workproduction, andin yearbook shops in newspaper Ghost. the HolyGift of photography. advertising and

All these things You brought to Me, my child. FOR BROCHURES AND INFORMATION

And I only Write Gave you"YOUTH PROGRAMS Life! Special Courses and Conferences

242-E HRCB, Brigham Young University

Provo, Utah 84601

:;: ": ':i:-:::;..U::.: -.:;:

May 1967 25 m&2&$ffi83!ffi

J -v We make a tire this good because we have to look you in the face every week.

The tires we call our own had better be better. Or with

every one we sell, we and our dealers stand to lose a gasoline customer.

So our Super Tire, the Amoco 120, has 20% deeper tread than most tires put on new cars... 13% wider

tread... to give you up to 40% longer tire life.

To keep you friends for life.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!"*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

JtMMtmllllSSImmfm

ISi ilH Sbl JOHN K GROSSPIETSCH Ot

MaModeBcMawl I iOHI9is ZcmjemMaa*3Ulmijwtoat 3mWa itanQuseuaJtm ert cmXnxsst av tin)at

The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

The Era Asks How Are We Using Electronic Mast Media to Spread the Gospel?

Few persons are better qualified to discuss Church electronic communications than Brother Arch L. Madsen, president of Bonneville International Corporation (the firm that directs all of the broadcasting interests

of the Church ) and member of the boards of the National Association of

Broadcasters and the Radio Advertising Bureau.

Arch L. Madsen

TV director follows score, selects camera angles for choir broadcast. Q—Why are electronic mass media Q—What are the main tools of

A—Becauseso importanttheyto theare Church?such effective A—Standardelectronic massAM communication?radio, FM radio,

communication tools. In the United television, shortwave radio, direct

States, people spend more time telephone lines, and cable. There

with television and radio than with are over 4,100 AM and 1,500 FM all other types of mass communicabroadcasting stations in the United tions combined. This pattern is States and over 6,000 AMFM staspreading worldwide. For example, tions abroad. Standard AM radio,

94 percent of U.S. homes have once thought to be dead under the

television, and nearly onethird threat of TV, has now boomed have two or more sets. The average back, thanks to the invention of

set is on an average of five and a the transistor.

half hours daily. Some 98 percent

of U.S. homes have radios—a total Q—How has the transistor altered

of 258 million sets—and have them world communications?

on an average of 2.8 hours daily. A—It has opened the doors of

There are now more TV and radio knowledge to literally millions.

sets abroad than in the U.S., and Some claim the invention of the

the number is growing rapidly. transistor will be recorded by fuThe answer concerning the new ture historians as a miracle greater

media's importance also lies in an than the invention of the printing understanding of the world's rising press. One basis for such a stateNewsman addresses Latin American audiences.

population figures. Experts estiment is that approximately half of

mate that one billion people lived the world's population is illiterate.

KSL engineer oversees four TV camera monat the time of the Restoration, three A great behavioral scientist has itors of general conference broadcast.

and a half billion are now living, said that unless unexpected condiand seven billion will be living by tions develop, more than half of the year 2000. As a Church, our the world's children between the

task is to fulfill the Lord's purposes ages of five and 19 will never see and carry the truth forward until, a schoolroom. The only way we

as the Prophet Joseph Smith said, can reach hundreds of millions of "... it has penetrated every contipeople is by speaking to them in

nent, and sounded in every ear...."their language. People in even

Artist's rendering of new KIRO broadcasting complex, Seattle. VJNYW announcer in broadcast to Africa, Latin Americ;

KIRO remote studio is in Seattle's World's Fair Space Needle. Production of English LDS programming for shortwave transmission.

the most povertystricken villages nancial interest in a grouping of Boise; and soon, we hope, KMBRaround the world now listen daily television and AM and FM radio FM, Kansas City.

to either a privately owned or a stations in four U.S. cities: Salt Hundreds of stations provide

villageowned transistor radio. Lake City, Seattle, Boise, and large daily audiences for the choir's

facilities cation is pending before the management in a leading station inQ—What communication Idaho Falls. In addition, an applimusic through recordings. In fact,

fision ( FCC ) to approve the Church four choir numbers per day as stadoesA—Thethe ChurchChurch have?presently has Federal Communications Commisthe East requires the playing of

purchase of an AMFM radio station policy.

WRFM antennas atop Empire State building tion in Kansas City, Missouri. The Another popular standard radio

beam to metropolitan New York. Church owns WNYW, which is a series is Elder Sterling W. Sill's

complex of five international shorttalks, which are taped and used wave transmitters, plus a powerful weekly by approximately 400 staFM station, WRFM, New York tions in the United States and

City, which just moved its transCanada.

mitter and antenna to the top of We also have a sixhour program the Empire State Building. Two adfrom midnight to 6 a.m. Sunday,

ditional stations, KBYUTV and "Prelude to the Sabbath,"which is

KBYUFM, are operated by Brigheard over KSL and KIRO and in ham Young University. which we have invited many faiths

Q—What programs does the toderstatementparticipate towithsayus.thatIt isweanhaveunChurch make available for broadlearned much from other churches

casting? and faiths in the use of radio and

TV. A—The oldest program the Church

uses in standard AM radio is the General conference is heard over weekly Tabernacle Choir broadcast 50 radio stations in the U.S., Canwith Elder Richard L. Evans. This ada, and Mexico and released over

is broadcast over the CBS Radio five stations in South America in

Network, by tape over an addiSpanish and Portuguese. Over KSL

tional 100 radio stations in the U.S. and KIRO we have three fourhour

and Canada, and over Voice of rebroadcasts of general conference,

America, Armed Forces Network, beginning at 1 a.m., local time.

and WNYW. This program is also

broadcast weekly over nearly 100 Q—What has been the response to

Spanishspeaking announcer of WNYW. radio stations in South America these rebroadcasts?

with translated commentary. A—From one rebroadcast we reSpecial programs by the choir ceived responses from 40 states, 27

are also released in beautiful stereocountries, and three ships at sea.

phonic sound by a growing number A Relief Society president in Saof FM stereo stations, including moa, with her radio antenna tied our own family of FM stereo stato a palm tree, reported good retions: KIROFM, Seattle; KSLFM, ception. A Latterday Saint woman

Salt Lake City; WRFM, New York; in Canada awoke one morning at

KIDFM, Idaho Falls; KBOIFM, 3 a.m. to the voice of President

Improvement Era

David O. McKay on her radio and tion) and about onehalf of the

soon gathered her entire family, world's surface are within the who listened nightly thereafter. WNYW signal coverage. Recently

Q—Church members have read theincreaseFCC thegavepowerus authorizationof our WNYWto

much in the past few years about stations by many times their presour involvement in international ent level. We hope to start conor shortwave radio. Why are we so struction of this powerful new

in New Jersey.A—ToextensivelymostcommittedAmericans,to it?internaplantland very soon on 800 acres of K/RO executive giving TV editorial. Records and taped music play an important

tional or shortwave radio is just a part in radio broadcasting.

tohobby. But for most of the world Q—What has been the response

it is a great lifeline that blankets these shortwave broadcasts?

conferencethe globe. There are over 3,000 A—From one shortwave

shortwave transmitters and 100 broadcast we received more than million shortwave receivers in op900 letters from 37 states, 61 couneration worldwide. Of the seven tries, and eight ships at sea. Surveys

privately owned international shortshow that international radio audiwave transmitters licensed in the ences are a younger audience, pre-

U.S. by the FCC, the Church owns dominately young men who are

five. Our transmitters operate collegeeducated. A letter came

under the WNYW call letters, with from one in Mexico, saying, "Last transmitters near Boston and stuSunday afternoon I was listening dios in New York City. to the shortwave and heard the

Using all five transmitters, we mighty organ from the Salt Lake broadcast daily 56 hours in English City Temple and I heard the serand 24 hours in Spanish. We plan, mons in Spanish. Will you please

in the near future, to broadcast also tell the missionaries to come and in Portuguese, French, and Gerfind me?"A student in Bogota,

man. One of the conditions upon Colombia, wrote, "I have never

which our license is granted is that heard of your church before. Are

we reflect the culture and princithere any people in the country of ples of America. Although 95 perColombia that could help me uncent of the WNYW programming is derstand more of your religion?"

not Church material, we have 15 the WNYW "hit parade"disc jockey.programs weekly in English and Q—How extensively does

another 15 in Spanish presenting Church use telephone lines and

Church news, doctrine, and culture. direct oceanic cable in broadWe also broadcast the Tabernacle casting?

linesChoir and sessions of general con- A—We have used telephone

ference over these facilities. for some years for closed system

is the potential audience priesthood sessions and reached byQ—What i broadcasts of general conference

the U.S. and Canada for our reofA—Overthese facilities?one billion people (about this method over 500 chapels in

onethird of the world's populacent conference. Fiftyfive chapels

May 1967 in England, Austria, and Germany received conference by direct The Promise oceanic cable.

By Elizabeth Shafer Q—Is TV significant outside the

United States?

Television is a popular A—Yes. "What is it, David?"of comgrowing means and rapidly

"Laura, come with me. munication throughout the world.

There's something out here I want you to see."Even tiny Samoa has more than

"Wait till I fetch my bonnet. Is it far?"500 operating sets; Japan has

nearly 20 million TV sets; but no

"No, just beyond the ridge. Not very far."other nation equals the U.S. total

They left the cabin-. David took her hand. of over 69 million sets.

is the Church using the The sun that morning lay hot upon the land Q—How

Where, only iveeks before, the snow had lain medium of television?

So deep it seemed that winter must remain A—Recent innovations in TV and

its film reproduction are remarkForever in that remote and barren place. able. It is now possible to televise

All winter long they seldom saw a face an event live and to simultaneously

Save Indians, a Mexican or two, feed the electronic signal into a

Or a wild, bearded trapper passing through. device called a kinescope (film

recorder) and receive 90 seconds

If spring should ever come, that very day later a readyto-project 16 mm.

She'd pack, Laura declared, and go away! soundon-film. With the use of

Then, close in David's arms, "Oh, David, dear, the machine we film general conference and the Tabernacle Choir

If you can show me one thing lovely here, broadcasts for use in other nations.

One single flower, even in this place, One of the advantages of this film recording machine is that we can I'll stay."

attach a sound track in any lan- "You are,"he said, and kissed her face. guage we desire, with reasonably

And she had stayed. The winter left at last, good synchronization of sound and

And spring and summer came. The hot days passed. lips. Utilizing these techniques, we

have prepared Church TV and film "What is it, David? Are we almost there?"programs in Spanish, Portuguese,

"Almost. Beyond the ridge."He pointed where French, German, and Mandarin

Chinese.

Vast virgin meadow stretched before their eyes. The Tabernacle Choir broadcast

Atop the waving grass gay butterflies is presently on 12 U.S. TV stations,

Appeared to float: lavender, yellow, white. including KTLA in Los Angeles.

We are presently preparing a 13- "David! How beautiful!"Her eyes were bright. week youth Sunday School tele-

"Don't cry. That Spanish fellow up the draw vision series, using illustrated Bible

Says they're called mariposa. When I saw stories. We also commenced another TV series that acquaints

Them blooming here, I thought of you. See how viewers with interesting Latterday

They sway so light and lovely? Laura, now Saints and our way of life. Elder

Remember your promise? Don't ever go away."Sill's 15minute programs are also

being readied for a 13week TV Smiling, she put her hand in his. "I'll stay."

series.

Perhaps the most amazing Church story of TV, however, is its use for general conference. In

32 Improvement Era October 1961, 21 TV stations carRichard L. Evans

ried conference. At the April

conference just passed, over 240 TV The Spoken Word stations carried all or part of conference.

The Humor That Offends Q—What do you think the future

holds for broadcasting of the have perhaps all known people who didn't seem able to pass of Wetaste it was, no matter who was hurt. "Anything for a laugh,"A—Allgospel? of the various media up a bad joke or a cutting comment, no matter how poor in

communication will continue to as a vernacular saying says it—but often a laugh at a very high price.

grow in popularity and maturity, "The unpolite, impulsive man,"said Samuel Smiles, "will sometimes and the Church's use of these marrather lose his friend than his joke. He may surely be pronounced a

velous tools will become an ever very foolish person who secures another's hatred at the price of a more meaningful way of spreading moment's gratification.... Spite and illnature [and bad humor] are

the gospel. In fact, in a few years among the most expensive luxuries of life."1 The uses and abuses of

we may have a monumental breakhumor are many: good and bad humor, kind and unkind humor, clean

through with the use of relay sateland unclean humor—even ill humor, which is, indeed, "among the most

lites that have been thrust 22,000 expensive luxuries of life.""No mind is thoroughly well organized,"said

miles into space. Through these Samuel Coleridge, "that is deficient in a sense of humour."2 "The best

satellites we will be able to relay humor,"as Thackeray observed, "is that which contains most humanity, our programs with excellent picthat which is flavored throughout with tenderness and kindness."3 "The

tures and sound quality to radio essence of humour,"Carlyle added, "is sensibility; warm tender fellowand TV stations around the world. feeling."4 If it is clean and kindly, humor relieves and lubricates life

We feel that our Father in heaven and draws people closer and warms the heart. The sincere smile and

has given the world radio and TV gentle laughter are a blessing without which the days would be dreary—

to help all of his children come to a but not giddy, lightminded laughter; not loud, harsh laughter; not

better understanding of truth. Our laughter that is unkind, crude, and cruel; not laughter that has evil

challenge is to find out what we overtones. There is a merciless kind of humor, humor based on distressshould say and how we should say ing and unsympathetic situations. And there is humor that is altogether

it to be. most effective. evil in essence, false humor founded on immoral suggestiveness, on

contrived to be funny, but basically filthy. Kindly humor and gentleQ—Do you envision that the new embarrassment; humor that would offend the mind of a clean man,

media will outmode personal mislaughter do much to relieve the tensions of life, but there is no proper

from debased minds and morals. He who would "rather lose his friendA—Never.sionary contact?Important as mass elecplace for humor at the expense of hurt hearts, or humor that emerges

tronic communications are, we must than his joke,"as Samuel Smiles said, "may surely be pronounced a always remember that broadcasts very foolish person"—for no man can afford the humor that offends.

have never baptized a single person. Mass media can help erase X- "The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadprejudice and ignorance, create a casting System February 19, 1967. Copyright 1967.

desire in people to know more, 1SamuelT. Coleridge,Smiles, Character:Table Talk.Manner—Art,sWilliam M.Ch.Thackeray,9. 2Samuel

cause strangers to ponder questions, Lecture: Carlyle,Charity, Essays:and Humor.Richter. Thomas

give answers to friends, build faith among members, and give opportunities to missionaries (which all of us are ). Its major function is to

prepare the way. There is no subThese Changeless Verities

stitute for personal communication, and it's obvious that if we are By Mary L Lusk to fulfill the Lord's commandment Were I to orbit through infinity, to carry the gospel to every nation, These changeless verities would go with me kindred, tongue, and people, we Faith in the Maker of our universe, have a tremendous amount of comLove for my loved ones, a need to be municating to do. O Always and ever—an entity.

May 1967 33 J

A firsthand report

of the conversion and faith

of some Italian Latterday Saints.

*m Ik

lV—Up. 7W m v -. BBIlm lift * m #

Iff 1 1 fik'f jkfcit r YeHaveMyPromise By Barbara T. Jacobs

"For where two or three are joined with them in their services, home brought no answer, and we gathered together in my name, we felt strengthened and renewed settled into slumber greatly disthere am I in the midst of them."and ready to venture once more appointed. The letdown feeling

(Matt. 18:20.) into the unknown. persisted the following morning,

During the three months my husWe had not expected to enjoy and we resolved to locate a teleband and I and our four children such church connections once we phone booth and try once more drove a camper from Rotterdam to reached the Middle East, and it before admitting defeat. This time,

Jerusalem, then back to Austria, we was quite by accident that we a missionary at the mission home sought out many groups of Saints learned of the small servicemen's answered the phone. He told us if

who were gathered together in one groups that are faithfully functionwe could be there in 15 minutes, of our Heavenly Father's houses of ing there. This is how it all he would direct us to the chapel.

worship and experienced the great happened. By dressing as we drove, we made

truth of this scripture. Always we Driving into Frankfurt, Germany, the deadline, met him as planned,

found the room filled with his one Saturday evening at dusk, we and were present when services

Spirit. It made little difference began our search for the Church so began.

whether our familiar hymns were that we might attend Sunday Surprisingly enough, the chapel being sung in Dutch, German, or School the following morning. Rewas the same one we had visited

English, or whether we could unpeated telephone calls to the numseven years before, and sitting in derstand the message presented in bers listed in the telephone directory the audience was Deon Greer, a

Sunday School lessons or sacrament for the chapel and the mission native Utahn, whom we had not meeting talks; the important truth

was that almost everywhere we Barbara Tietjen Jacobs is a BYU Education Week instructor, an accomplished went we were able to find at least string musician, and Laurel leader in the Oak Hills (Provo) 4th Ward.

a few Mormons, and when we

Roma, the interpreter. Tiny chapel is in this home. The Snaideros, Brother Pittina, Roma, author. Brother Pittina, Snaideros in homechapel.

seen since the last time we entered doors and ask for help?"we asked. couldn't begin any of their Sunday

this room and found him leading "You are Mormons, aren't you?"meetings until 1 p.m., for they

the discussion in the Gospel Doc- "Of course,"I replied. shared the military chapel with

trine class. Deon and his wife had "Well, so are they. And if you other denominations on the base.

just driven from England most of need help, whether it be to locate In Italy we found that our the night in order to be present for a doctor or take a bath in their Church binds Latterday Saints tochurch that morning. tub or wash some clothes in their gether by giving meaning, warmth,

When Deon learned that we washing machine or locate safe and security to their existence. In

were contemplating driving through food and water, you'll be taken Vicenza, as elsewhere, the serviceYugoslavia, Greece, Turkey, Syria, care of. Wouldn't you do the same men's group was small; yet all of

Lebanon, and Jordan in a camper for any of your brothers and sisters the organizations met regularly and with no planned itinerary or conin the gospel?"were fully staffed, even though it

nections, he took us to meet a friend "Of course,"I once more replied. meant that the president of the Reof his, Capt. Dave Weiland, pilot And it was just as Dave said it lief Society was also counselor in

in the United States Air Force, would be. The Saints shared their the Primary and a teacher in the

chorister of the Frankfurt Branch, homes and themselves with us Sunday School. Typical of this

and a recent convert to the Church. whenever we gave them an opporgroup's enthusiasm and devotion

Dave had flown on many missions tunity to do so. And always these was the monthly trip by Branch

to the Middle East. Not only did groups of Saints were carrying on President Clinton Gillespie to do

he give us sound advice about road their church responsibilities in spite his home teaching to the one couple conditions and things to do and see, of hardships and handicaps. The living at Verona, 30 miles away.

but he also offered us the names six families living at Yalova, TurFurthermore, one night a month the and addresses of friends along the key, for instance, drove 30 minutes entire Relief Society membership way. over treacherous roads in order to boarded the train and went to

"But these are your friends. We reach their meeting place at KaraVerona to enable one lone sister to

would be total strangers. How musel, while the seven Latterday participate in their Relief Society

could we possibly knock on their Saint families in Adana, Turkey, meeting.

The first Saturday night after we arrived in Vicenza, we attended a district conference of the VicenzaVerona-Aviano Saints. All together

we did not fill many benches in the

The branch at Aviano, Italy. The Saints of Vicenza, Italy. military chapel, and as Elder Ezra

MA Taft Benson stood behind the pulpit surveying his eager audience, he began his remarks with the quotation from Matthew: "For where

two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them."At the conclusion of his inspiring address, he announced that he would like to hear from one of the

Italian members present. Quickly

all eyes shifted to three elderly people sitting on a bench midway back. John M. Russon, then serving as president of the Swiss Mission, arose and called Brother

Pittina to the stand. For the next

ten minutes, with an interpreter translating for us, we listened to what the gospel of Jesus Christ

Improvement Era

Automatic threading is one thing.

But its not all the Autoload 16mm projector does.

The BELL'HOUJELL touch: our Autoload 16mm sound

projector is the most widely used in school systems everywhere because it has everything teachers told us they need for effective film utilization.

Automatic threading? Of course. The Autoload

threads itself in seconds, allowing the teacher to devote more classroom time to actual teaching. Even a gradeschooler can handle the projector, after only a few

minutes of instruction..;

But we didn't stop with automatic threading,

By just flipping a switch, the teacher can stop on a single picture to explain a point in more detail. Or she

can back the film up to repeat segments.

It all adds up to the projector versatility and simplicity a teacher needs to utilize classroom films to best advantage. And that's what the Bell & Howell

touch is all about. Your Bell & Howell AudioVisual

representative welcomes your inquiries. Even a youngster can run the projector because it threads

Just mail this coupon. itself. Completely...automatically.

Bell & Howell Company, Dept. AV3

7100 McCormick Road, Chicago, III. 60645

Gentlemen: I would like complete information on

your Autoload 16mm. projector.

Name.

School Administrator n Teacher Other

School Address—

City.State. -Zip.

Bell* Howell means to one of his servants. Once a month an entire Relief Society

From the moment of this first meeting I felt a great desire to entrains to visit one lone sister.know more about these three converts to the Church who had traveled nearly four hours from

their village near the Yugoslavian Soon thereafter a French girl was not possible to bring them in, border to attend this conference. who had been baptized a member for there was hardly space enough

Thus I was delighted when our of the Church by the missionaries for us even to stand. We sang all

family was invited to join the in France moved into the dormitory the Christmas carols we could reAviano Saints in their pilgrimage to room next to Roma's. She had member, and then, after many

Comerzo to take Christmas gifts previously worked at the hospital handshakes and "buon natales"we to these Italian Saints. Since the for a year and a half in order to headed for Comerzo to call on the

Italian members spoke no English learn English and then had gone Snaideros. Again we were warmly

and we knew only a dozen or so back to France and applied for a welcomed, and once more we reItalian words, we took with us an visa to come to the United States. joiced that we could bring a bit

interpreter, Roma Bortotto, a For reasons unknown to herself, of brightness into the lives of these charming Italian girl who was she had decided to return to the loyal but lonely members of the corresponding secretary for the hospital in England and wait her Church.

Italian members in the Swiss Mislast three months there before After being served cookies by sion. sailing. Thus Roma first heard Sister Snaidero and suffering

As we headed north through the about the Church and received her through an awkward pause waiting lovely Italian countryside, we asked inspiration as to its truthfulness for one of the children in our group

Roma to tell us about her own confrom this French friend. to recite a Christmas poem he had

version to the Church. For more After her baptism Roma felt such learned in Italian especially for

than an hour her story held us an urgent desire to fulfill a mission this occasion, the Aviano Saints spellbound. Her mother died when for her new church that before began their homeward trek. Brother

she was five years old and her long she was an active proselyting Pittina had peddled several miles father and sisters had reared her as missionary in the Swiss Mission. At down the rolling foothills on his

a Catholic. Upon completing the the end of two years she returned bicycle to join us at the Snaidero

fifth grade she went to work in a to Italy and tried in every way poshome, and so my husband and I factory that prepared silk thread sible to help with the spreading of remained behind for answers to from the cocoons of silkworms. the gospel in her native country. some of the questions racing

Every morning, six days a week, she After driving three hours through through our minds.

left her home in Susegana and drizzling rain with Roma, we "How old are you and your wife, walked for an hour to reach the facreached Pordenone, where the and when did you become members tory where she worked for nine Aviano Saints were waiting for us. of the Church?"we asked Brother

more hours. Here we formed a fivecar caravan Snaidero.

By the time she was nineteen and drove first to Buia to leave "I am 80 years old and my wife years old she was suffering from some of our gaily wrapped gifts is 70. We first heard about the

rheumatism, which had grown so with Brother and Sister Pittina. Church when we went to France to

acute that her doctor recommended Stealthily we slid out of our cars visit our daughter, but we were she leave her home and family to and grouped ourselves in a semiconverted later in Bologna by an seek domestic service in England. circle outside their home; then, Italian who had received our name

After working eight months in Engwhen the signal was given, highfrom the French missionaries. It

lish homes, she found a betterpitched children's voices blended has been 14 years since Brother paying position in a hospital and with mature mellow ones in singing Cagli baptized us in a swimming moved into one of its dormitories. with great gusto, "We Wish You a pool."

One night, feeling quite discourMerry Christmas!""Did your daughter ever join the

aged, she began to smoke; suddenly The Pittinas opened their door, Church?"

she felt guilty about the cigarette and the look of happy surprise on "Oh, yes. Actually, she joined bein her hand. Offering a secret their faces was one not soon to be fore we did, and she is now living

prayer, she told her Heavenly forgotten. Their daughter scurried in Salt Lake City and has a son on

Father that she would quit smoking about the neighborhood borrowing a mission in Switzerland,"he proudif he really wanted her to do so. extra chairs for us to sit on, but it ly added.

38 Improvement Era Preserve the Inspiration of "What about you, Brother Pittina? How did you become The Improvement Eraconverted to the Church?"

"I have been a member since In Beautifully Bound Volumes 1956. I chanced to hear about MorThe Mountain West's finest bindery and

monism one night after I had been printing house is prepared to bind your to the hospital to visit a friend. As collected Improvement Era's into fine

I was walking home, a gentleman hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

named Santo Beltrame joined me editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.and we began talking about religion, even though we were total 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

strangers. A year and a half later, payment must accompany all orders

Brother Snaidero baptized me. My Please include postage if volumes are

to be returned by mail.

wife is not a member,"he added wistfully, "but I hope some day Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

she will join."Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

"It is a long way to Pordenone POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH where the Aviano Saints meet,"I remarked. "Without a car, how do

you three ever manage to get to

Church?""We have our own chapel right here in this house. Would you

like to see it?"

Sister Snaidero opened a door 1600 Empire Road leading from her kitchenliving Salt Lake City, Utah room and we entered the tiniest chapel we had ever seen. The

room could not have been more 8'in size. x 14'than Glancing

quickly the noticed 50'around room, I four little wicker chairs with coral Se?S\

seat cushions and a bare wooden floor. There was a potted fern in

one corner of the room and a pink Tflfc iron stove in another. The inside \

of the door was painted bright yellow, and from a blue and gold light fixture dangled a bare light globe. FOOD STORAGE

At the lone window hung crisp white organdy curtains speckled BOOKLET with pink and blue polka dots. At

the north end of the room stood a clothdraped table on top of which PARTIAL TABLE OF was a smaller lace cloth, a vase CONTENTS filled with fragrant roses, and a little blue pulpit. But what inSome 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple What Should We Store?

trigued me the most was the undesignsMatchinginMormonwhite andalbums,latestnapkins,parchments.other Storing to Prevent

usual assortment of items hanging accessories. One day rush order service. Spoilage

on the white plaster walls. Besides Notes on Specific Foods

coat pegs, a small blackboard, and Rotate Your Perishables listinga poster seven in French Emergency Sanitation to eternal salvation,keys there was Sendon first25corder.for catalog(50c &if samples,air mail desired.)refunded

a picture of the Salt Lake Temple, REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 Group Rates Available another of a house in the Alps, and Name:

Address. WALTER61 BeaconD. BATCHELORAvenue

City, Zone, State LAYTON, UTAH 84041

May 1967 39 one of Joseph Smith, Oliver Cowof the Book of Mormon and the to want to, as we sped along, dery, and John the Baptist with a Bible and discussing what we have clicking off the miles, for each was quotation from John 11:40 underread. Then we conclude with a occupied with his own thoughts.

neath: "Said I not unto thee, that, closing hymn and another prayer."Uppermost in mine was the promif thou wouldest believe, thou The same thought struck my ise of the Lord that where two or

shouldest see the glory of God?"husband and me simultaneously, three are gathered in his name there

Another picture, showing a sailand while he hurried out to the car shall he surely be also. Once again

boat on a lake, was inscribed with to get the tape recorder, I asked we had been given evidence of the a quotation from Matthew 28:20: Sister Snaidero if she and her hustruthfulness of this particular scrip-

"Teaching them to observe all band and Brother Pittina would ture, for no one could meet these things whatsoever I have complease sing one of their hymns for three stalwart Saints without knowmanded you: and, lo, I am with you us. ing that they and their little chapel

alway, even unto the end of the We handed Brother Snaidero the were abundantly blessed with his world. Amen."small microphone without realizing Spirit.

And framed by themselves were that he had never seen a tape reDuring the course of our travels, the fourth and fifth verses of the corder before. He did what seemed we drove through five different

twentyfifth Psalm: "Shew me thy natural to him—he placed the mike countries behind the Iron Curtain.

ways, O Lord; teach me thy paths. next to his ear. Gently we moved On one occasion, we were fortunate

"Lead me in thy truth, and teach his mikeholding hand from his ear enough to make contact with sevme: for thou art the God of my to his lips. eral members of the Church. While

salvation; on thee do I wait all the Still he seemed to be confused, mass is still being said in Comday."for he began putting the mike into munistcontrolled countries for the

"How long have you been using his opened mouth. After a quick few who attend the Roman Catholic

this little chapel?"I asked Sister demonstration, Brother Snaidero churches, participating in a religion

Snaidero. finally understood that he was to restored through revelation to

"For thirteen years now. It used speak into this strange object, and prophets in capitalistic America is,

to be my kitchen,"she confided. he proceeded to give his name and of course, strictly prohibited. Con-

"I noticed that it is three or four bear a fervent testimony. sequently, these truly devoted and

miles from Brother Pittina's home When he had finished, we reloyal members of our Church are to here. Surely he doesn't try to wound the tape and played it back staying close to its teachings withcome down when the weather is for him. Complete disbelief and out being able to meet either

bad, does he?"astonishment flooded his face. He openly or secretly.

"Brother Pittina is 73 years old, simply couldn't imagine what had I wanted so desperately to do but his faith is so great that every happened. something for these courageous

Sunday morning he peddles down However, after the surprise and Saints, but what? My offer to mail

on his bicycle, whether in snow or shock had worn off, he found it copies of Church literature was rain. We have almost a hundred all delightfully amusing, and he valueless because all such literapercent attendance, for in eight had to hold his sides to keep from ture, they told me, is confiscated;

years he has only missed coming exploding in laughter. Jis we left boxes of clothing or food sent

once! Brother and Sister Snaidero and through the mail would cost the

"What a marvelous record. But Brother Pittina standing in the Saints more in duty than they could

surely he doesn't try to make the doorway and began walking toward afford to pay. As I rolled down the

trip twice every Sunday. Do you our car, Brother Snaidero called car window to wave a last goodbye,

have just one meeting?"out to us, and Roma turned to she whispered, "Pray for us."

"No, Brother Pittina comes Sunanswer, "Si."Yes, that I can and will do, as

day morning and stays all day with "What did he say, Roma?"will others, and we shall all hope

us. We have a meeting when he "He wants to know if his voice that one day these persecuted

arrives, during which we partake is still inside your little box,"she members of the Church will be of the sacrament, and another short replied. free to worship according to their

meeting in the afternoon, but with Great flakes of snow were gently heartfelt desires. In the meantime,

no sacrament this time."falling from a darkened sky as we there is no doubt that our Heavenly

"Tell me what else you do during hurried into our camper and settled Father's spirit is indeed with these your meetings."ourselves for the long journey steadfast Saints, for they have his

"After an opening hymn and home. promise to sustain them and to be

prayer, we take turns reading out None of us spoke or even seemed with them always. O

40 Improvement Era Teens oft Wis page arc: Peter P. Mendel, Barbara Perry. David

Erakson, SUSan Nibley, Pat Stoddard, Westchester. New York.

Marion D. Hanks, Editor** Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor May 1967

If You Don't Know Anything About Mormons, Follow Someone Who Does

Follow them through windy cities... desert trails... campus

corridors... libraries and

music halls... galleries of

art... country towns... redrock canyons,.. surf the world

over... fields of wheat and corn

and tulips and welfare farms.

Follow them in and out of battlefields... laboratories... alps and valleys... rice paddies...

Indian huts... skyscrapers...

familyliving centers... classrooms... temples and

tabernacles and meetings all day Sunday;

Mormons on the move on these pages include Richard Smith, Danny Steadman, Richard Peterson,

Brent Miner, Kenneth HolBert, Dean Collingwood, Gay Smith, Mimi Smith, Virginia Namias, Shane Smith, Lyrtn Gubler, Lana

SteWart, Sandy Gubler, and Marlene Peterson, all of Southern

California stakes.

42 Improvement.Era

Follow them around historic sights like pioneer wagon crossings, peace monuments, water wheels, sports cars, exhibits and displays, tennis courts, and the buffet table at a festive youth function.

Follow them to church... their

place of worship, of meeting and learning, of bolstering one another's faith, of sharing gladness in gospel principles...

their place of mutual improvement, of finding the meaning in life and the promise in self.

Follow them... follow...

follow... follow.

.:!'':-::S-:.v:.:::.

May 1967 43 Follow Someone Who Does continued

Mormons on the move on these pages include Delores Boyle, Lawrence Wright, Long Beach, California; Ken Renshaw, Sylvia Edwards, David Colwell, Dave Fraser,

Aubrey Fielden, Halifax, Nova Scotia; Nancy Price, David Peterson,

Phoenix, Arizona.

44 Improvement Era May 1967 45 By Marion D. HanksGreater Love Hath No Man

*lA?, Illustrated by

Dale Kilbourn

When Jim Childers turned 12, he received a God, to the Church, and to his fellowmen. At

choice letter from his big brother, Steve, who was a West Point, from which he was graduated in 1963, cadet at West Point. We learned of the letter and he was group leader of the Latterday Saint cadets.

were privileged to print it in the "Era of Youth"One closely connected with the Academy for many in January 1961. That article is reproduced on years wrote this of Steve's activities at the Point:

the adjoining page. "In the four years he was at West Point we came

On January 19, 1967, two days before Jim's 19th to know him well. We have never known one of

birthday, his brother Steve—Captain Stephen A. 'our boys'who radiated so much good or inspired

Childers, United States Army—died heroically so much confidence as Steve. Every cadet, and

while attempting to save the lives of women and especially every LDS cadet, whose spirit needed children held as hostages by enemy troops in a bolstering was a better, stronger person for having cave in the central highlands of South Viet Nam. known Steve. His testimony and faith were conCaptain Childers, an infantry company comtagious and all the more inspiring because they

mander, volunteered for duty in Viet Nam after came from a man who was an allround person."

service in Europe. When some of his men were Letter after letter received by Captain Childers'

wounded while seeking to evacuate the hostages, parents from many parts of the world spoke of his

Captain Childers himself went into the cave to try unusual love for children and of their great love to free them and was killed by enemy fire. for him, of his deep religious convictions, wholeSteve Childers'departure from this world was some life, and selfless service.

entirely consistent with the way he lived in it durMany choice LDS men have given their lives ing his short but brimful and overflowing 26 years. in the cause of freedom. Some of them have

His was a balanced and productive life, marked by received our humble homage in these pages before.

success and honor as a student, athlete, leader, outIt is well that young members of the Church, and standing soldier, and an unswering devotion to all others who may read, soberly consider the noble

46 Improvement Era Dear Jim: Happy Birthday! How does it feel to be twelve? If I were home, it would

feel painful in a certain spot... understand? By the time you get this you will be twelve. This is

an important time in your life because you will be able to hold the priesthood now. I wish I

could be there when you are ordained. You must always remember that holding the priesthood

is a great honor and privilege. You must always be true to it even if you see others who

, aren't honoring theirs. The office of deacon in the Aaronic Priesthood gives you more power

and authority in God's kingdom than do the offices of President of the United States, Prime

Minister of Great Britain, and leaders of all the other countries combined. It

may be hard to realize, but it does. Don't think the seriousness of the priesthood will make

holding it unpleasant, for you will find that the priesthood will give you great opportunities for service. Love of God and service to him, combined with love and service

to people is the best road to happiness. You have a wonderful opportunity

unfolding before you5 make the most of it. Honor and magnify your priesthood.

If you are in doubt whether something is right or wrong, ask yourself, "Would Jesus do it?"If he wouldn't, don't you, and you won't be wrong.

I hope you have a Happy Birthday. Don't bother your sister

too much. Write me and tell me what you are doing.

Your brother, Steve

sacrifice of Elder Stephen A. Childers, who gave who lay their lives on the altar that others may live

his life in defense of freedom and in an effort to in freedom and in peace.

preserve the lives of innocent women and children. "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man

He serves as an appropriate example of the men lay down his life for his friends."(John 15:13.)0

May 1967 47

f\

By John Randolph Ayre Photograph by Lorin Wiggins & Ernst Wittke

Wow iecj tose actionpacked yc result of having goodly parents.

men in today's MIA. Seems like the best way Needless to say, a body isn't everything.

to describe them is by likening them to Our Fastbacks need a finished, functional one of these new Fastback sports cars. The interior. This is the job of home and

boys might not appreciate being likened schoolto carefully outfit our young to a car, but they sure have a lot in Fastbacks with the type of interior that commonthey're both supercharged, powercan take the bumps and jars along the ful, and can be a bit destructive if out road of life.

of control. Of course, having the most stylish body

What are our Fast backs like? Well, like and bestdesigned interior in the world

all good cars, our MIA Fastbacks need isn't much good unless you have a power a fine body. But, instead of a body by plant up in the hood capable of separating

Fisher, our Fastbacks come outfitted with our Fastbacks from the popular sports cars the finest bodies availablebodies that on today's highways.

The Church has solved this by tooling the power of the priesthood into our young

Fastbacks. We also feature Word of

Wisdom filters and seminary suspension.

Standard safety equipment includes heavyduty parental support with bishop and teacher reinforcers to take the pressure off overhead valves and cams. It's no wonder that with

48 Improvement Era

Pictured are Marcos Dean, DeRay Jensen, Sherrie Wallin, Mike HatHday, John Clements, Ellen Linton, Dennis Gutke.

this qualitybuilt church motor we're able Then there's M Man pass. Don't let your

to give an unconditional warranty in motor idle now, for soon you will be place of the usual 5-year, 50,000heading down mission straightaway.

mile ones. As you can see, MIA is a great course

Trouble with our qualitybuilt Fastbacks for today's young men. Here's a firstrate

at this point is that they lack one proving and testing ground geared to thingthey haven't been thoroughly tested. handle all the action that Fastbacks

This is where MIA comes in. Here's the can dish out. If you don't believe it, go

Church's proving ground. MIA takes on down to your local MIA this week

these spanking new Fastbacks off the for a free test run.

assembly line and runs them over one of the best practical experience courses in the world. Here is a course that lets

our Fastbacks test themselves. The bonus

feature on the course is that we have our own tow trucks and pit men stationed along the way to help iron out any final factory bugs. (A lot of other proving

grounds, such as school buddies or fraternity men, don't help out when a bug develops; they just leave you for the

wrecker or salvage heap.

MIA challenges our young Fastbacks to give this tough course a real try. Start

out by tackling Scout valley. You can

zip through this while building up steam for ExplorerEnsign summit. Just watch out

for some of the hairpin turns along the way.

May 1967 49 <5FM here is much more to getting and holding a and papers, such as Social Security card, health job than just saying that you will do so! certificate, driver's license (if needed), proof of age,

Before even venturing out for a job interview, military records (if needed).

you should carefully weigh many factors about Take along samples of your work if appropriate yourself and the job you seek. Give thorough or requested; for example, samples of work for

consideration to the job you have in mind for artist or designer; outline of training and experiyourself and your specific reasons for wanting it. ence for professional jobs; copies of recommenda-

1. Review your job assets and liabilities for the tions for personalselective jobs.

work you would like and could do. Keep in mind 5. Learn all you can about the firm to which

that you have the best chance for job success if you are applying—its products or services, for exyou select a job that is the right one for you. ample. Be prepared to indicate why you wish to

2. Register for employment at the local office work for that company.

of your state employment service. Check with 6. Don't underestimate the importance of a neat

your relatives, friends, and neighbors about posappearance and a courteous, alert manner. The

sible job openings or leads they may know about. way you are dressed, the way you walk and sit,

Read the helpwanted ads in the newspapers. Go the way you talk—all will make an impression.

to the appropriate union office if hiring for the Strive to make a good one.

occupation in which you are interested is generally 7. Let the employer take the lead in conversadone through a union. tion. Pick up clues given you by the employer's

3. Get in touch with companies that use workquestions and statements and use them to coners in the field of your choice. You can find their vince him that you fit his requirements. It is

names in the classified telephone directory or by usually better to indicate a specific type of job consulting local or state industrial directories. rather than saying, "I'll take anything."Be

4. To make your job interview count, prepare yourflexible and willing, but do indicate a preference,

self well in advance. Have all factual information for your own good.

and Your Job Interview "By Lucille J. GoodyearK

:****&3$g&*tt

"4"—- Korpi, age 15, ""W 'Y"by Darlene <H&

Walking in a field on a windy day. Having lots of phone calls.

Sleeping in till noon.

A drawer full of nylons with no runs.

Friday night and no homework.

Finding money when you clean your room.

Getting a present for no special reason. 3

Knowing that you are wanted.

Riding in a red sports car.

May 1967 51 Crestwood Camp By Morris and Donna Reid

The trip to Woodland, Utah, is assigned to each unit, and each Before entering the lodge we a beautiful drive, and the unit is expected to carry out the sing a spiritual hymn. This sets

Crestwood campsite, nestled in activities and camp capers for a wonderful mood for the rest of the majestic Wasatch mountains each day we are at the camp. the day—to see the tall, majestic

with the Provo River running Each morning before breakfast oak trees shimmering in the nearby, gives one a feeling of the supervisors meet together early morning sunlight, to hear awe and inspiration. in the office to plan the day's strains of beautiful words and

Arriving at Crestwood Camp from activity. While they are doing this, music in the air, to feel the spirit

the various stakes of the Church, the girls prepare for breakfast of the Lord. We pause for a

we are given instructions as to which means making beds, prayer of thanksgiving and our duties and activities. There sweeping floors, and tidying up gratitude.

are four bunk cabins with two the cabins, since each unit is After the prayer we have a units to a cabin and an office for inspected during breakfast. flagraising ceremony. Now we

the supervisors. A supervisor is The hike to the lodge takes us are ready for breakfast. When all

through the archery course and is quiet, the supervisor asks past the firstaid instruction one of the girls to give thanks area and compassreading range. for the food.

Each morning one of the units goes outside for a cookout instead of going into the lodge to eat. This means building a

fire, carrying water, and cooking scrambled eggs, bacon, and scones. Scones are made by

rolling dough onto a stick and roasting it over the hot coals.

When the scone is cooked, it is pulled off the stick and stuffed

52 Improvement Era with butter and jam. What Interesting strains of conversation time we reach the lodge and rush

a treat! may be heard among the hikers. to hot showers, clean clothes,

After breakfast each unit gets One group of girls asks the and a warm meal.

involved in the day's activities. supervisor the requirements for All in all we enjoy every step of

A long hike is everyone's favorite. training to follow in her footsteps the hike and every moment of

After lastminute instructions as a camp leader. Another our stay at Crestwood, the girls'

and checking the gear, food, group talks about requirements camp in Woodland, Utah.

packs, water, and rain shelters, for entering the temple. Still

we're off to find a new delight another group talks about beaver over each hill. dams built along the south fork

of the Provo River.

And when we finally find the dams, we have reached our goal.

We turn to go back to the crossing of the river, but rain and the rising river have covered our steppingstones. River or

rain, it is all the same—wet! We

are seasoned waders by the

May 1967 53

,11?I'It wouldij Vjeoe a long10 s day, did aS., i nr would set,t MU tve coHeedrinVers U have stayed "Mary son brought belongedeWSIoom on way to tbrow y ug Mary a TtiineU 1 k Thermos ba"wbete 1 impatient * Tstately eno* r Ws ow * t she b truing n and

Y as 1 read to ber.

no t>in a in0t been ***"*aTri n*> v,ad the V/ePut d days-,t 11:30- e X describe t tv/o fw d nd attest be att oveI Mary * ball an lor afJ * WoI6 as*S tauran belongingAA ther

door "SlS?—

a* tne my at or trio out *5.V'*f3t. aay.aoaonvoo've I thought* gri* royself nev,srooff ""Good u. ngo Knoe m i.i never v

..They l Veep* do ottrer V eop\e ivne "V/by,

done--ev T\ese1 such a ligations? goJ work

C i an 'i arin the m ter? tliei; G course, *> ater aaySt:> f

tsetf **fl**** * * f overdoes me goi S to Veep days "ut have - toe wa, -* event which WSBSTS tb -"-Ua {oI S * faom fa -her.'fads over wit*-Jry didn't Wore I ad in an DultoV plice olderdeadline), years a *- Spettw

to d 4 spe td a ad haO ig. slip "P c bim Uoyd. wete ttf&*tthe ifi weekendsed1 *MP dreadersoornoasallyn, dVad

readtuecopo, tid rotvn j would be tedious *e I*** began the We wore 1 was 'J"-- \

"True to tlte

54 Improvement Era

it 8? did see, how, efs

- V-ents pelished, teendy, out that, Saith cas- /Maybe she could tea id 5Sever stand. coe;ffl,?ro God'sGods comtoand, Fai*tUl,nelceieleaining., dted *;X seemed uRh X "ad uauy-*5s*ie4v Vie was --***

-n ever Maty **d- lce guy. W-ft.'Sfci Musthetoe

ways enjoyed bto light., e ted that evening r 7 10 * * you people seenthe * v/ou thesethese Sd ***it ** bgftbe e d haveaUySsion, teiev v they saw

the ed Sen &ottr cause b wh0 reaUy SuXlday rveeventational eve a ten ot tW have *nnctaded, there! image ui eet- &e rld, could P are they were they

"N0wte cuu 5 J**still showetr ouon a* hot, stieVY\d *anVW inS in cessiul ( *em. Ho* A

story-, eViehad - *??& soinSo laheeCeachV Vld.eoneai {alter, u the youtb ol n uT

tthisyouth ** day - 'Id *"on *e -y* **C

Faith,.."

By Ann Bedford Williams Illustrated by Jeanne Lindorff

May 1967 (Based on the Sermon on the Mount found in Matthew 5, 6, 7, and 3 Nephi 12.)

Keep your mind open, your Be humble energies properly focused.

Be courteous Not only in the social graces but spiritual courtesy as well.

"Do unto others"—the

Be merciful, tolerant golden rule.

"Greater love hath no man than this."

Be honest Not only with others and the world but with yourselves.

Be practical, balanced In all things—your home, your

school, your business and church.

Be courageous In your religion as well as in the face of fear and danger.

Love your neighbor as yourself.

Live helpfully Civic and community responsibilities.

Help others to find peace Spiritual as well as mental and physical.

Control your temper In all things.

Be pure In mind as well as in body.

Be righteous Live your religion all 24 hours of the day.

Have faith and trust in God Testify of Christ and of the

Church.

56 Improvement Era We're helping to develop a national resource (with names like Sam, Russ, Steve)

We met these young men on one of They deserve all the help they can get our student refinery tours last fall. toward realizing their potentials.

They learned quite a few things about Refinery tours and geology tours,

Catalytic Crackers and Residuum scholarships and fellowships, and teaching

Strippers that day. materials for schools, are just some of the

its active interest shows our Company them, too. ways about a few things We learned

in today's and women. young men their ambitions. their curiosity and About

Why our interest in these bright young Standard Oil is trying to help young people men? Because young people are our discover more about themselves..

greatest national resource. and the world they live in.

The Chevron—

Sign of excellence Standard Oil Company of California and its worldwide family of Chevron Companies

May 1967 57 Brian Kelly Gray*ByA Run of The valley begins at the south end of Utah Lake. bank now because of their bigness. Their trunks had

In the northeast corner of the valley stands an unturned from the chalkygreen color of my youth to usual mountain, alone and unattached. In the southrough, scarred, gray supports for the tumbled foliage

east end of the valley both warm and cold springs above them. My mind wouldn't stay in the present;

rise, making the area around them a flat marsh pushed it kept drifting, going back, remembering my ninth tight against the dry, brushcovered hills. spring in the valley..

The first white settlers came to the valley in 1860. The buds on the cottonwoods were beginning to

Before that, trappers and prospectors occasionally show. It was early spring, and the canal was still

passed through. dry from the winter. Father told me that now that

Jasson Evans trapped in the valley during the win- I was nine, I was old enough to help clean the canal.

ter of 1885. He named it Warm Springs when he The dry moss and old brown weeds had to be cut

saw the clouds of steam that continually rose off from the banks so the water could run smooth and the ponds in the south end of the valley. easy when it was turned into the ditch.

Five years later he returned, bringing others. He That first day's work was hard, and my arms and

built a oneroom adobe house and helped to dig a back were sore and aching. After work Dad said,

canal. Cottonwood shoots were put out in front of "I've heard that back East they keep tame ducks to

the house for shade. He planted a long row of poplive on the ponds and slow streams. The ducks eat

lar trees along the south side of the farm to soften the moss and a lot of other water vegetation."

the harsh winds from the desert. The talk of tame ducks made my tired mind race.

# # # I'd never thought of tame ducks before, but I knew

I walked down the lane, caught in the spell of the that there were wild ones in the meadow behind the past as memories of my childhood came in a house. If I could just find and tame some, I wouldn't

torrent. I had thought of them before, but have to hack at these canal banks.

now, under the old cottonwoods, they were Every day as we worked on the ditch I watched the more poignant. My childhood was close. meadow. It was only half a mile away, and many

Savoring each moment, I looked past the times I could see ducks landing in the reeds. The

house down into the meadow, then back edge of the cow shed sighted with the corner fenceto the canal. Yes, it was all still here—post gave a straight line to the rushes where the ducks

the adobe house, the barn, the chicken landed most frequently. I watched every day, and

coop. Everything looked the same finally when the ditch was cleaned I was sure I could

except for the cottonwoods. They go straight to the rushes where I'd seen the ducks

were crowded along land.

the ditch The Saturday after the second week of ditch clean-

"I didn't notice the swooping gulls,

or hear their shrill cries. I stumbled,

fell. Heartbroken, convulsive

sobs racked my body."

Improvement Era

ing was over, I got up early and started chores by springs in the meadow until noon, and still I didn't myself. By the time Dad got to the barn I had the see a nest.

heifer half milked. After chores and breakfast I said On the way back to the house I saw another pile

that I wanted to go to the meadow to look for frogs. of down. This one was on dry ground, nestled in the

Dad didn't usually care for me doing useless things, salt grass. I put my hand on the fluff, and underneath

but this morning he said okay. the softness I felt something hard. Warily reaching

At first I didn't know what to look for. I followed in the softness, I brushed some of the down away and

the line from the side of the cow shed to the corner counted nine eggs. They were bigger than chicken

post, straight toward the big clump of rushes I had eggs, and olive green in color. Whipping off my

picked out before. When I got to the rushes I couldn't shirt, I tied knots in the sleeves and neck. Then one

see anything except tangles of reeds lying every way by one I placed the eggs carefully in it. On the way

in the water. On one tangle of rushes I did see a back to the house I waded out to the first pile of

white and tan pile of fluff that was dry and out of fluff I had seen. In this nest were ten eggs.

water. I searched back and forth between the several It was hard to walk evenly. Nineteen eggs made

"A Run of Gray"won for its author, Brian Kelly, first place in last year's Vera Hinckley Mayhew short story contest at Brigham Young University and will appear in Out of the Best Books, Vol. Ill, where it will be one

of the few selections written by a Latterday Saint.

Brother Kelly, an editor with BattelleNorthwest in Richland, Washington, is a Sunday School teacher.

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

May 1967 "Son, they can't be blamed for killing your ducks. They did what they did

the shirt heavy, and it kept swinging back and forth, God made some things to be good when they're but I made it home without a mishap. Dad was surnatural and some naturally bad. "Well, Son,"Dad

prised when I told him about the eggs. Together we answered, "a lot of it depends on the point of view,

fixed two nesting boxes with fresh straw, put them Before the pioneers settled out here the Indians waited in the corner of the coop, and placed ten eggs in one every year for the coming of the grasshoppers. They

nest and nine in the other one. We weren't sure thought God sent the grasshoppers to them for their

whether we could get a hen to sit on the strange eggs, food supply. When I was a boy in Salt Lake that

but we left a pan of wheat on the floor and went to first summer after we came west, we were depending the house. After supper Dad went back to the coop on our meager crops to carry us through the coming

with a lantern. Sure enough, two hens had adopted winter.

the nests. "Then one day the sky became black with another

I kept a close watch on the nests during the next kind of grasshopper, noisy ones that we called crickets, three weeks. I didn't need to worry, because the They moved down from the hills toward the crops,

hens seemed to treat the eggs like their own. Every eating every green thing in their path. We tried to

day or two they would slide back and forth on them drown them in ditches; we burned them; and still

and roll them with their beaks. Dad said that eggs they kept coming. The sky was black with them,

had to be turned every day or so if they were going Every morning your uncle and I would get up at to hatch. dawn and walk back and forth through the grain,

The eggs started to hatch on the 28th day after I holding a thirtyfoot rope between us, flipping the found them in the meadow. The hens didn't seem to stalks of wheat so the crickets would fall off before

know the difference. They treated the little yellow they could eat the heads of grain,

flatbilled balls of fluff as if they were baby chicks. "Finally, when many people were ready to give

It was amusing to watch the hens scratching in the up, the Lord sent the seagulls to help us. For weeks

dirt around the coop for food for the ducks and the they filled the sky, eating the crickets until the crops ducks not even paying attention. were saved. Son, those gulls were naturally good for

The most comical thing was when the ducks first us. God sent them to help us.

took to water. The hens were trying to lead their "Now there were some good men who grumbled

new charges along the bank of the canal in search for against the leaders. So they were sort of naturally

food. As soon as the little ducks got near the water, good and bad at the same time. This is what free

they scrambled down the bank and slid into the canal, agency means. Everyone has to choose, and we are

The hens were frantic and ran back and forth trying not all good or all bad as some people think."

to call the ducklings back. The little ducks lived in The conversation was interrupted as we drove down

the water a lot of the time from then on. the lane to the farm. Gulls were circling and diving

A hawk tried to get the ducklings one day, but they along the canal. We weren't alarmed until we got

escaped by diving. This made us feel good; we knew close enough to see that the canal was almost dry.

we didn't have to worry about the ducks as long as I scrambled over the side of the wagon and ran the water was kept over a foot deep. up the ditch to where the gulls were diving, just in

The following Sunday was Conference Sunday. This time to scare a gull out of the bottom of the canal,

meant we had to make a fivemile trip to the stake Its mouth was open wide with a ball of yellow fluff tabernacle. in it. The gull swallowed the duckling alive and

All I remember from conference that day was that whole, just as I had seen birds eat mice, there is a natural and an unnatural man. I had never Dad came walking along in the muddy ditch with

noticed the difference before; I just figured that all his head down, searching along the banks for the

men were good. I liked the part about children being ducks. Together we found three. Three out of

pure and naturally good. I couldn't see how a natural nineteen. "I guess only these are left, Son,"Dad

child was good and a natural man was bad, but by said. With my chest throbbing and eyes burning,

this time I quit trying to figure it out and leaned I ran to the haystack where no one could see me against Dad and fell asleep. and cried.

On the way home from conference I asked Dad why I didn't see Dad again until it was time to do chores.

Improvement Era

because of their nature."

I started milking before he explained about the four miles from home I plunged into the canal and ducks. I was grateful for the delay. Somehow it was waded in the waisthigh cool water The cool water

easier to listen with the cow's body between us. made me suddenly conscious of my senses—the bright

Dad said, "The reason the canal was dry was because sun, breeze from the hills, my tired muscles.

Brother Wright had the whole stream turned on his The sun was down when I got home. Dad had

farm. He opened all his headgates so he could let already finished the chores, but he didn't say anything

the water run on all of his fields."about it. Mother made me change clothes before

For me the blame wasn't on Brother Wright as supper. She had cooked the big meal at noon, but

much as the gulls. I didn't want to know reasons there was bread and milk and honey left for supper.

why; I wanted more direct action. I had to find a She didn't say anything when I passed the honey by

way to release the awful hurt inside me. and ate bread and milk and onions along with Dad.

When I awoke the next morning I knew exactly Then I excused myself and went to bed. I couldn't

what I wanted to do. Somehow I would get even look them in the eye any longer. I was alone and

with those gulls. After chores I headed for the point miserable.

in the distance where the lone mountain meets the Next morning started the same as others. Dad

lake. This is where the gulls seemed to come from shook me so we could milk and do chores together.

and also to disappear. On the way back to the house a few seagulls flew

When I got to the foothills along the lake I couldn't over, and Dad saw me intently watching them. He

help running. Caught in the combined force of spoke quietly beside me, "Son, they can't be blamed

gravity and hate, I ran and stomped, in an erratic for killing your ducks, and they do eat a lot of mice pattern, back and forth along the ledges and rocks and insects."

above the water, stomping and kicking at the gull I couldn't hold it any longer and began to tell him nests in my path. I didn't notice the shrill cries of a where I had been yesterday. I tried to make it not

cloud of shrieking gulls above me. I didn't shy when sound so bad by telling how the gulls didn't even

they swooped at me. I was caught up in my frenzied build a nest. They just laid their eggs on the bare

act. ground. They didn't leave a cover of down over their

The buffgreen, brownspeckled eggs were easy to eggs like the ducks did.

see along the ledges and among the rocks—sometimes Dad interrupted and began one of his sermon anbunched around a few sticks and bits of debris but swers: "The gulls did what they did because of their

mostly alone and bare on the ground. nature. The seagulls killed your ducks so they could

A sickleshaped horde of gulls shrieked and cried live.

as they beat up and down in the air above the slashed "I guess compared to a duck a gull doesn't build a path along the hillside. I wasn't conscious of fatigue, very good nest, but they do live and raise their young

but gradually I stumbled more and hated less. Sudthe same way. I've already told why the gulls are

denly, as I lashed at a nest knee high above me, I fell special to me. This summer I'd like you to watch

on the rocks. I struggled to get up but I couldn't. The them as they hatch and grow. Learn about them.

pentup hate and anger was leaving in its place exhausWhen they are little they are about as ugly as you tion. Heartbroken, convulsive sobs racked my body. were when you were born. But they change. Look

I don't know how long I lay like this, but when I up at them now and see how they circle and glide. I

got up pieces of speckled shell and yolkmixed blood guess that next to a sailing ship, a gull wing in flight had hardened on me. Slowly I made my way back up is the most graceful shape I've ever seen.

the foothill away from the water and the gull nests "Watch their color. They get whiter and whiter as

until I topped the slight crest of the hill. In front of they grow older. They start a motley brown and gray

me the whole valley was visible. I could see the color and every year come closer to pure white."

glinting ribbon of the canal that would lead me home. That summer I began to watch the gulls as they

Turning my back on this, I faced toward the lake. changed from ugly chicks to brown, then gray,

I didn't hate anything now. fledglings and then on to a purer shade of white. That

Then, weak and unsure on my feet, I stumbled summer I began to watch men age also. Many times

down the hill toward the canal and home. About since I have envied the white gulls. O

May 1967 61 ft *mn Paul

1. The Ten Most Wanted Men 2. The Valley of Tomorrow

by Paul H. Dunn by Gordon T. Allred

"Every young person in the Church should read

This new book by Elder Dunn has been heralded as this new book. The stirring and faith promoting

the finest training manual on the subject of leaderstory deals directly with the complex problems of ship available today. Typical of the numerous youth in our present day society."These are the

favorable comments were those recently made by comments of Elder Paul Cox, High Councilman in

President Leland Davey of the Cannon Stake. He the Bonneville Stake. The book is "The Valley of

said: "This new book is the greatest leadership tool Tomorrow"by Gordon T. Allred. This exciting

I have ever read. I intend to have each of my High contemporary novel provides new and realistic

Councilmen and Bishops read it."The truly inspiritual guidance for LDS youth. It deals frankly

spired text is punctuated with stirring examples of and honestly with the problems of our age, yet it is leadership in action. It's message offers rewarding free of the sordid immorality which permeates so

lessons in leadership to every member of the Church. much of today's creative literature. Exciting and

stimulating reading for young Latterday Saints 16 thru 21. *>,%.-,%

$3.95 $3.50

BOOKCRAFT

Order by mail 1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or from your or money order in the amount of $ (Residents of Utah add 3H% sales tax).

nearby L.D.S. 1 2

NAME book dealer. ADDRESS...

CITY STATE. ZIP.

62 Improvement Era The teacher's first responsibility is to set a proper example.

Teaching Conducted SchoolbySystemthe Church

Church Teacher: Classroom Diagnostician

"And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; hut they

that are sick."

(Luke 5:31.)

By Dr. Sterling R. Provost

Director, Institute of Religion

Boulder, Colorado

Often when a physician arrives at his office he finds it crowded with patients suffering from various ailments. He talks with each individually and, as part of the

examination period, may bring into service pieces of highly specialized and technical equipment in order that he might arrive at a complete and precise diagnosis.

Once the results are obtained from examinations and tests, the patient can be wisely treated.

Now, suppose the physician were to be called in to diagnose the ills of a group, and the only means by which he could determine their problems would be through observation of their actions and by offhand comments that might be made. Under these conditions,

how accurately could he identify the nature of their individual ailments?—*"

Photograph by Eldon Linschoten

May 1967 Five symptoms of ineffective teaching—and what to do about them.

Obviously, a medical practitioner value in this area. Among their To help individuals improve both

would never willingly place himconclusions are: their quality and success in teachself in a situation where he would 1. There is no simple answer. ing, Woodruff outlines the major

be without the advantage of pri- 2. Behavior is caused. parts of the teaching job as:

vate consultation. However, this 3. Work on the causes as well 1. Your commitment to your

situation is substantially the dias on the behavior. calling.

lemma that constantly challenges 4. Don't work alone; get others 2. Your cooperation with the

lay teachers in the Church as they on your team. Church's plan for teaching the

meet their classes. 5. Don't expect change all at gospel.

The common didactical procedure once; it will take time. 3. Your basic qualities for teachof both the physician and the 6. Know yourself and your own ing: your personality and personal

church teacher should be that of feelings. relationship with class members,

understanding people as they are 7. Constantly reevaluate your the quality of the thoughts you

and then helping them to make the classroom techniques. take to your class, and your ability

greatest possible use of their God- 8. If you had the same experiin teaching those thoughts.

given potential. To accomplish ences and background as those mis- 4. Your stewardship over those

such an ambition requires an intelbehaving, would you act any difyou should be teaching.

ligent interpretation of "danger ferently? 2 5. Your progress in developing

signals"that may be present. In Discipline or classroom control a supply of teaching materials. 4

this connection, the teacher beis the joint effort of both teacher Constant selfevaluation by the comes a classroom diagnostician. and student. Because selfdisci- teacher, in light of classroom deLet us investigate five of the pline is the ideal, student responsivelopments, will insure a healthy

significant symptoms of ineffective bility for classroom order is teacher image, both for himself teaching and prescribe a treatment desirable. However, the teacher's and the student.

for each. seasoned experience for added control is also of major importance. III. Do you avoid personal in-

I. Do you have frequent discipline volvement with your students?

problems? II. Do you suffer from a feeling A class consists of persons, and

Discipline is inherent in good of inadequacy in the classroom? persons are individuals. Learning

teaching. It is not a matter of corDr. Asahel D. Woodruff says that is an individual experience and is

rection so much as it is a matter "teaching assignments must be necessarily based on a personal of prevention. The good discitaken seriously.... A full comneed. To further understand this

plinarian anticipates disorder and mitment to the gospel and the asconcept, certain generalizations can directs the energies of his pupils signment is essential. No halfway be made.

so that the disorder is made imacceptance of the task will do. The Eva May Green suggests:

possible by attention to legitimate commitment requires rightof-way 1. Each learner is unique.

interests. in two forms: time to prepare for 2. Many things are learned

Dr. Adam S. Bennion categorized teaching, and time to do the simultaneously.

the securing of discipline into five teaching."3 3. People's interests are broad

methods: (1) rewards and punish- A teacher's real obligation starts and varied.

ments; (2) being good for the sake at the point at which he begins to 4. Different class members will

of pleasing parents, teachers, and contribute to others. The teacher learn different things from identiother adults; (3) compulsion; (4) who truly senses the tremendous recal experiences.

gaining social appeal; and (5) cresponsibility that is his will have 5. The development of the

ating interest. 1 Thus, before a moments when he feels incapable learner is a continuous process. 5

teacher can exercise any form of of fulfilling his commission. Such Consequently, the group learns

discipline effectively, he must times of despondency are natural only as the individual learns.

know to what end he is striving. and, if used advantageously, can There are various ways of learnStoops and Dunworth have deassist the teacher immeasurably in ing about a person: (1) listen to him

veloped a booklet of considerable reaching greater heights. and observe his behavior; (2) find

64 Improvement Era At last!

.....-,. children's encyclopedia A

written for children.

The New Book of Knowled Every wordevery illustrationAIL NEW! Completely alphabetical

Yet maintaining the traditionally high standards of its worldfamous name,

The New Book of Knowledge is the answer for your family to the demands of today's revolution in education.

Your children will use it FREE! Wall Poster

The New Book of Knowledge is truly the most In addition to a colorful descriptive folder about The New carefully edited reference set for young children Book of Knowledge, we will send you a magnificent giantnow on the market. The New Book of Knowlsized 34 x 44 inch Wall Poster printed in brilliant full color

edge has been organized and written to meet the showing the state flag, flower, bird and tree of every one of highest standards of controlled readability and the 50 states.

comprehension of the boys and girls it will serve. Usually $1.00, this poster is sent to you absolutely FREE.

The New Book of Knowledge gives children an encyclopedia they will use because it is readable, Act now! Send for your FREE poster today.

understandable and enjoyable.

The link between home and school State Symbols of the United States

With The New Book of Knowledge children from 7 habit of findingdevelop the the answers for BOOK OF KNOWLEDGEthemselves. for THE NEW discovering knowledge And new

themselves at home. The exciting style of writing

makes knowledge more interesting and learning becomes fun.

Classroom tested The articles in The New Book of Knowledge were tested in actual classroom use across the country. Result: Children understand the articles. They are related to today's school curriculum. When your child looks for information, he

gets the same kind of answers he gets in school, The iNewl Book of Knowledge in language he understands. Putnam Valley, New York 10579

poster. Also pleaseA storehouse of knowledge sendPleasemesendthe medescriptivemy free copyfolderofaboutthe statethe NewsymbolsBookwallof Knowledge.

The New Book of Knowledge contains 9,442 There are-.children in my family, ages.

pages, 22,400 illustrations (13,700 in color, Name more than any other encyclopedia). 989 maps. Address Over 1,200 worldwide authorities contributed City.County. I

the 6,300,000 words in this brandnew set. To State.Zip

informationmake Publication Grolier of Incorporated AA

Ivory 20volumes: Sturdite Binding in stamped genuine gold and royal blueA/mre] index entries.85,000 easy to find, there are over w

Price: Cash Available $19950. Plan. on Budget IE-5-67

May 1967 65 Teachers need to ask themselves: "If I were a

student, would I act differently?"

out what he values and how he is to develop devout Latterday someone has said, "Find a plan that feels about things; and (3) study Saints by helping them gain testiworks, and then work that plan."

his personal qualities as these are monies pursuant to eternal life. This

revealed through his behavior. obviously cannot be achieved in V. Have you failed to provide a

How can data regarding a stuany single year's work or course of favorable classroom learning dent's background, values, and study, so it must be divided and environment?

reaction to various things be ob< then subdivided. However, it is Practical lessons of lasting value

tained? This may be done by using the guiding star to which other are constantly being presented in

a simple interest questionnaire with objectives are subject. various conditions and places. It

items geared to the age group conIn addition to the longrange obis true that effective teaching may cerned, or having students write jective, the author of each year's be carried on anywhere at any time.

biographies or compositions that course of study, regardless of the However, the main scene of teachreveal the desired information. In organization (priesthood class, auxing is the classroom. It is imporsome areas, a simple test or quiz iliary, seminary), provides objectant that the classroom setting be

can be a helpful technique to actives that are applicable to the right. Teaching can go on despite

quire valuable information, such as subject matter under consideration. unfavorable conditions; yet, why

a sentencecompletion exercise. There is a kind of objective that should it? We will assume, for the

Always remember to keep confiapplies to an individual lesson. As sake of this discussion, that the

dential information that warrants given by the writer, this may not room is adequately ventilated and trust. always be in workable form for at the proper temperature, clean

Teachers may well work upon the teacher. If this is the case, he and orderly, physically attractive,

these six suggestions: must restate or otherwise adapt it and modestly equipped. What

1. Be aware of pupil responses—for his group. roles do the student and teacher

of all kinds. Now let us briefly turn to the then have in completing the de-

2. Be interested in them and in place of purpose in developing a sirable classroom scene?

what lies behind them. lesson. With the appropriate obFirst, a teacher must of necessity

3. How have they been appealed jectives determined and properly deal with the individual as part of

to heretofore? implemented, the teacher must then the group. Redl and Wattenburg 7

4. Watch for the natural regive attention to why he is going say that in each classroom group

action of your pupils as you proceed in a particular direction. The maare found many role playerswith the various steps of your terials that the teacher proposes to leaders, advocates, clowns, "fall

lesson. use in class should clearly illusguys,"and instigators. These roles

5. Take pains to keep pupils trate why he is trying to reach that are not constant and often change

busy. goal. In addition, students may ask with each new situation. A teacher

6. Try to anticipate the develop- "why?"concerning certain ideas should be prepared to deal with

ing interests of your pupils by presented, and the teacher must each role change and strive to mainkeeping out in front far enough be able to respond intelligently. tain a continuing healthy classroom

that they are kept busy following Therefore, all methods and techclimate.

you. 6 niques used in reaching a given Teachers must insure that the

objective must be first subjected basic psychological needs of each

IV. Are you losing a sense of dito the purpose. When this is conclass member are met, an atmosrection in your teaching? sistently done, much superfluous phere exists in which students feel

How does the teacher acquire material can be profitably avoided that they can participate without and maintain his sense of direction? and the mind of the student will be fear of how the teacher will react,

It has been said that an objective more apt to remember the vitality group morale is strengthened by is where one is going, and a purof the message. thinking in terms of "we"instead

pose is why one is going there. Once both objectives and purof "me,"and a classroom climate

There is more than one kind of poses have been realistically estabexists that sets the stage for real objective. For example, the genlished, the teacher should make a learning and discovery by removeral objective of all Church classes written plan for each lesson. As ing any existing social barrier.

66 Improvement Era put the magic of Sugarplum

To guide and inspire the church teacher in his assignment, PresiLord's thedent McKay, living in your meals educatorprophet a noted today and in his own right, penned the following, might serve which as the late I Hf. \ i 1basis of commitment a personal

for all Church teachers:

"To the teachers of the Church, the best way to achieve this [to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man] is to discharge at least three great responsibilities.

The first is the responsibility to set a proper example....

"Second, is the responsibility of guardianship, of being shepherds....

"The third obligation is so to accents the natural live that we may merit the comflavor of meatspanionship and guidance of the

Holy Spirit... "8 xtnd vegetables

The mission of a teacher in the

Church is one of the most important in life. It is a holy and

responsible calling. It calls for 111111 '"I ''HlllawW|ig||jj

the finest effort one can give to 'Sprinkle a teaspoon of sugar over roast or vegetable while cooking for a pleasant flavor transmit the truths of the gospel surprise.

to the children of God. To do this

work properly requires that Church teachers become indeed classroom puts energy diagnosticians. O in your favorite

FOOTNOTES drink

iAdam S. Bennion, Principles of Teaching

(Salt Lake City: Deseret News Press, 1958),

pp. 15255. 2Emery Stoops and John Dunworth, Classroom

Discipline (Montclair, N. J.: The Economics

Press, Inc.), p. 41.

3Asahel D. Woodruff, Teaching the Gospel

(Salt Lake City: Deseret News Press, 1961),

p. 5. *Ibid., pp. 24247. (See also John T. Wahlquist, the Direction Teaching As is the

City: Deseret Sunday Schoolof ActivitiesUnion, and[Salt Lake

1936].) 6Eva May Green, "Teaching—A Learnerperfect partner

Centered Process,"The Instructor, Vol. 84,

p. 405.August 1949,

A. Orton, "Study Your Students, Too,"for fruit 6Don

A Reader for the Teacher, ed., A. Hamer Reiser

(Salt Lake City: Deseret Book Company, 1960),

pp. 11213.

TFritz Redl and William W. Wattenberg,

in York: HarMental Hygiene Teaching (New get the sugar

court, Brace and Company, Inc., 1959), pp.

27177. 8David O. McKay, Treasures of Life, comp. that makes life sweeter

Clare Middlemiss (Salt Lake City: Deseret

Book Company, 1962), pp. 48990.

Refineries at West Jordan and Garland, Utah; near Idaho

Falls, Idaho, and at Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

May 1967 67 TheLDS Scene

The lighting of the Oakland Temple has been awarded first place in a night beautification program sponsored by the Alameda County (California) Electrical

Industry Trust, Electric and Gas Industries Association, and Pacific Gas and Electric Company. More than

200 San Francisco Bay area architects, electrical engineers, contractors, and business and city leaders served as judges.

%* - * i > T l

'; f n

. **%t

"I %JV

If

f I "Family Movie of the Year"Service Recognized Actress Vera Miles and coproducer Winston Hibler accept

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the "Family Movie of the Year"trophy for Follow Me, Boys from

Twelve holds a desk clock with the inscription, "The President N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency during

Gardener of Souls,"presented him by students of the impressive ceremonies honoring the Walt Disney Productions

Institute of Religion at Snow College, Ephraim, Utah. film on Boy Scouts. Looking on are leaders of the four

Sister Kimball was presented with a bouquet of roses. institutions sponsoring the award: L. H. Curtis, KSL RadioTV,

The tribute was in recognition of Elder Kimball's far left; Doyle L. Green, The Improvement Era; E. Earl Hawkes,

"long years of service to the youth of the Church and Deseret News, second from right; and Ernest L. Wilkinson,

his wise counsel."Brigham Young University.

Choir in Phoenix The Tabernacle Choir opened its 1967 of more than 11,000. The event,

concert season with a spring appearance sponsored by ten stakes in the Phoenix in the Arizona Veterans Memorial area, was hailed as a "tremendous

Coliseum, Phoenix, before an audience missionary and cultural experience."

Turkey Federation

President John S. Morgan of the

Layton (Utah) Fifth Ward has been elected president of Radio Series the 10,000member The Brigham Young University stations, is believed to be the only National Turkey Federation

Symphonic Band with student choral U.S. musical program sponsored by of America. Brother

groups will continue until May its a college or university on a nationwide Morgan has held executive 26week series, "Speaking of Music,"basis. President David 0. McKay positions in the $500million

on ABC radio network. The program, has called the program "a great honor turkey industry for the

aired Sunday afternoons over 200 for the Church's university."past nine years.

May 1967 69 )omeliners are for the young at heart

You'll oh and ah over exciting dome car views of the scenery. You'll have fun

sharing the delights of the western wonderlands with friendly folk in congenial lounges and over leisurely enjoyed meals. And it will do that adventuring heart good to

discover how relaxing travel by Domeliner can be, with no highway hazards, while you watch the world go by from the most comfortable, carefree accommodations ever designed. It'll do your budget good, too. Especially with

our moneysaving family fares for husband and wife, as well as family with youngsters, good Coach or Pullman and every day!

UNION PACIFICCall us, RAILROADor come on in—let us tell you more

DOMELINERS: City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger/'"City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis"

We arose, and swinging

our hats three times over

our heads, shouted: *Hurrah,

hurrah for Israel, 9 "

Melchizedek Priesthood

Valiant Those Who Are "Therefore, go ye into all the world; and unto whatsoever place ye cannot go ye shall

send, that the testimony may go from you into all the world unto every creature.

"And as I said unto mine apostles, even so I say unto I went to my bed and shook hands with my wife who you, for you are mine apostles, even God's high was then shaking with a chill, having two children priests; ye are they whom my Father hath given me; lying sick by her side; I embraced her and my children,

ye are my friends; and bade them farewell. My only well child was

"Therefore, as I said unto mine apostles I say unto Heber P., and it was with difficulty he could carry

you again, that every soul who believeth on your a couple of quarts of water at a time, to assist in words, and is baptized by water for the remission of quenching their thirst.

sins, shall receive the Holy Ghost."(D&C 84:6264.) "It was with difficulty we got into the wagon, and

"September 14th [1839], President Brigham Young started down the hill about ten rods; it appeared to

left his home at Montrose [Iowa] to start on the misme as though my very inmost parts would melt within sion to England. He was so sick that he was unable me at leaving my family in such a condition, as it were

to go to the Mississippi, a distance of thirty rods, almost in the arms of death. I felt as though I could

without assistance. After he had crossed the river not endure it. I asked the teamster to stop, and said

he rode behind Israel Barlow on his horse to my to Brother Brigham, 'This is pretty tough, isn't it; let's

house, where he continued sick until the 18th. He rise up and give them a cheer.'We arose, and swingleft his wife sick with a babe only three weeks old, ing our hats three times over our heads, shouted:

and all his other children were sick and unable to wait 'Hurrah, hurrah for Israel.'Vilate, hearing the noise,

upon each other. Not one soul of them was able to arose from her bed and came to the door. She had a

go to the well for a pail of water, and they were withsmile on her face. Vilate and Mary Ann Young cried

out a second suit to their backs, for the mob in Misout to us: 'Goodbye, God bless you.'We returned the

souri had taken nearly all he had. On the 17th, compliment, and then told the driver to go ahead.

Sister Mary Ann Young got a boy to carry her up in After this I felt a spirit of joy and gratitude, having his wagon to my house, that she might nurse and had the satisfaction of seeing my wife standing upon comfort Brother Brigham to the hour of starting. her feet, instead of leaving her in bed, knowing well

"September 18th, Charles Hubbard sent his boy that I should not see them again for two or three with a wagon and span of horses to my house; our years."(Journal of Heber C. Kimball, quoted in Orson

trunks were put into the wagon by some brethren; F. Whitney, Life of Heber C. Kimball, pp. 265266.

May 1967 71 Two Mothers Proven... Successful... Reassuring! By Randall L. Green

My thoughts traverse five times five hundred miles, FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN

And take me back PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

ten times a dozen years, Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole To place and age year's balanced food supply. Choose from where Light forsook the wiles

PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"Of life, and brought great souls, dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour, through toil and tears,

gelatin potatoes, fruits, onions, vegetables, substitutes Across a continent desserts meat new... and exciting

and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious, as pioneers

lowcost meals. And planted them

SEND COUPON 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day'in this once desert land

FOR FULL DETAILS PERMAPAK, 40 East 2430 South That progeny might live

Also—discover PermaPak's: Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 beyond the fears

the following: FREE, Kits me, send Survival Please Food Family ignorance, Of

Kits Emergency and Camping Plan Storage CATALOG Food in stand. the sunlight and Grinders, Electric Grain and Hand Kit Camping Survival and

etc. Mixers, Bread those noble souls Among INFORMATION

Group Discounts /FundRaising PLAN Light did expandPIERMAPAK40 East 2430 South, My Name Was one fair mother*—Utah 84115 Address Salt Lake City, Zip who illumed her son City State (801)4869671 Phone:

And led him, without help of husband's hand,

To be a beacon PERFECT FOR GIRLS for tfie Holy One.

TEACHERS, WANTED How rare such mothers!

in Yet rare, too, is mine, STUDENTS, Who, but for mortal blood,

QUESTION5 MISSIONARIES Merchandising would be divine.

,;>* and You

FREE JOB Mary Fielding Smith PLACEMENT Send only $2.00

New professional courses begin June 20 and September 19, 1966

ing field of fashion a buyer, decorator, as HAWKES If you want a good paying career in the excitetc., manager, the but haven't time or money to

Publishing Co. attend four years of college, investigate "LD's"

9 and 18 month courses now.

P.O. Box 8224 Write to Mrs. Diane Read:

Salt Lake City, Utah 84108 L D. S. Business College

(Looking for Dealers) 411 E. South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah

YOUR OWN

LEHI STONE

The Lehi Stone (Stela 5, Izapa) is now available reproin authentic sealed:::V-;V. duction. This "external

of of the evidence"Book \CADEMIES.AOF FASHION ARTES7

Mormon, discovered in illusMexico, to seems trate Lehi's vision the I PREPARE FOR AN EXCITING CAREER IN of

Tree of Life. Complete booklet by Dr. M. Wells THE WORLD OF FASHION

Jakeman, Ph.D., BYU, included. Durable Hydro-... at Salt Lake City's newest and finest school

cal stone is about 7"X 9". Excellent teaching of fashion merchandising,

Fashion Buying aid,A lastingmissionarygift: piece;$9.95. decor(ppd).for home or office. Interior Design

E! Monte Charitable Enterprises Fashion Coordinating

3222 Utah Ave., Fashion Sketching

El Monte, California 91731 Retail Advertising

Salesmanship Copywriting PROTECT Radio & TV of your copies

SELFIMPROVEMENT The Improvement Era also FINISHING PROFESSIONAL MODELING with an by JEANLOUISE ERA BINDER $2.50 ForClassesfurthernowinformation,enrolling. write..

The Improvement Era ACADEMIE FASHION OF ARTES Street State 79 South Salt East 21st South, Lake City, 1243 Utah 84106 Salt City, Lake Utah 84111 Phone 4877843

Happiness is Electric Range

it \\ r

It's Cleaner Trade up. This year trade up to a modern flameless electric range,

loaded with exclusive features like these:

Selfcleaning Ovens, appear now on more models.

Automatic Stirrer, saves standing over the range to stir gravies, sauces, puddings, other gourmet delights.

Automatic Surface Units, eliminate pot watching, brings foods to a flavor peak.

See your electric dealer's new models now.

Because it's electric, it's better.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

ENDLESS

L.D.S. FILMS

are available for rental from WATER libraries located in: SUPPLY

Salt Lake City Provo Life saving kit proof pint vides one Lethbridge Mesa hours every two Angeles Los Idaho Falls water of sunlight.

City York New you longer do No you go. wherever Fresh water Write tor free brochure. good Well produces trust to luck. Desert need to

requireto in direct proportion a rate at Co., Dept. water Film Deseret Book

all for weather. on by A necessity brought ments East South Temple 44 a signalling kit contains Survival outdoorsmen.

Salt City, Lake Utah 84110 well. Multias survival instructions and mirror

Educational Media Services purposeprotectionkitfromitemsweather,serve as'starter'mess kit,for fire,ponchoemerfor

Brigham Young University gency sling, etc. $2.98 (Calif. 4% tax).

Provo, Utah 84601 Box 31428 M. E. SHAW & SONS fit 90031

Presiding Bishopric's Rage

The bishop had an uncomfortable week thinking about the stake president's words: the time had finally It Is A arrived to build the new ward house. The property &

clear, the title groundbreakand was now purchased, his as as soon ward raised Day of ing would be scheduled its share of the required cost for starting construction.

"The other ward already has the money to start,"Sacrifice said the president. "As you know, we originally intended having them merely remodel the old building.

They started gathering funds a year ago, and Bishop The problem of

Barton tells me they now have over thirty thousand dollars. So they're just waiting for you."fund raising

his pressure certainly the on That put ward—and on

This him. appointment an he had made is why to—and how

see the president again. As a bishop, he was to solve it.

anxious for the president's counsel. How does one

go about raising thousands of dollars from a small

Wis. MMiir ward full of young families struggling to pay for new

fSf homes and furniture, families with many little* children? r "In addition to being made up mostly of young families, President, my people aren't all that active.

Oh, they're wonderful people, but tithing is a genuine problem for some of them. In fact, now that I've had

a chance to dig into the records a bit, I was going to start calling on those who I feel need some encouragement. But how can I go to them with a big building

project, too? I mean, their income can only stretch

so far!"This last remark came as an honest lament. The

bishop, new and eager, had spent a week going over names and lists, jotting down figures. It appeared

a little unrealistic to him to have to raise all that money in such a limited time.

"Last night my counselors and I figured there might be an easier way to do this, to make the burden a little lighter for our families."The bishop shifted uneasily.

on (He still didn't feel good about his building fund plan. But then, that was why he was here talking

0) to the stake president.)

"First off, we feel that rather than give a blanket assignment to all families, we should use a percentage 0) figure, like we do with tithing. Only this one would

in3 be their pledge of one month's income to be paid out over three years."The president winced inwardly,

but held his pleasant expression and allowed the bishop to go on.

"To supplement this—since obviously we can't give

this onemonth assignment to inactive families—we

propose a series of building fund projects. We've

been working on a list, and there is really quite a remarkable variety of things we can do: weekly bake

sales, ward movies, carnivals, and the like. We plan

! jppqe he put m

74 He toolunteenul

till to use all the auxiliaries on these. For example, opportunities for everyone to work with a shovel or

there's a cookbook the Relief Society could...."a hammer. You'll be able to make some tremendous

But he stopped in midsentence; the president had cash savings there."The president tilted back again,

tilted back in his chair, smiling. He rubbed his nose pausing reflectively.

a minute. Then slowly he leaned forward and began "Yes, don't neglect asking your inactive brethren

to speak: to make a sacrifice of their time as well as of their

"Bishop, let me say how much I appreciate your money."

coming to me, allowing me to give you the benefit The bishop sensed the president had struck a nosof whatever experience I've had in raising money for talgic note and withheld his questions while the

Church projects over the years. Just now your compresident went on:

ments sounded like some of my own, long, long ago. "You know, Bishop, this conversation reminds me of

So let's touch on these things one point at a time. a young man I once knew—and you might have someFirst, you say your ward is very young, in the throes one just like him in your ward. He had a good job,

of buying houses and feeding children. Just like a splendid wife, and three little children. He had

Bishop Barton's ward! Then you indicate that you plenty of places to put his money, and there was never

feel a percentage of income from all your active enough to go around. But he had enough for his

families would be the most equitable. But I suggest own personal vices, and breaking the Word of Wisthat not every family has the same financial problems; dom drove him further from the Church.

where a month's salary paid out over three years "When his ward started to build a new building, he might be all right for some, it might also be a crushwas visited by his bishop. When he complained that

ing burden for others. Don't you feel that to make a he didn't really believe in tithing, the bishop asked

fair judgment of each family's ability to pay, you him if he believed in the Primary his children went to almost have to sit down with each family?"or the Relief Society his wife attended. The bishop

The bishop found himself relaxing. This was what began talking in terms of bricks and mortar. They

he wanted. The president went on: cost money, he pointed out, and then he challenged

"Only the bishop has the mantle of judgment in this inactive brother with the opportunity of making a these matters. Only you can wisely make a deterpersonal sacrifice of cash to pay for the new building

mination of how much each family should be asked his wife and children might be using.

to pay. But you must have their counsel and confi- "The bishop's approach had just the right touch.

dence to set this figure. And you must not hesitate The young man made an important decision: he

to make it a challenging figure. You see, Bishop, I'm would scrape up the money the bishop had asked

convinced that people are happy for the opportunity for. He would make a sacrifice. At first it wasn't

to sacrifice if they're convinced it's for a needful intended for the Lord but for his wife and children, purpose, for the Lord. for the bishop. But it didn't end there. Once he put

"I like that statement in the Doctrine and Covenants his money into the project, he found himself more and that says: 'Verily it is a day of sacrifice.'And, frankly, more interested. He volunteered to do some hammer-

I don't feel that any sacrifice you might, in your ing, and he spent many hours toiling with his brethren bishop's judgment, wish to ask of your families is going to build what he came to call 'the house of the to bring them anything but happiness."Lord.'Eventually he gave up his bad habits. He

The bishop broke in: "Then you don't think we even attended a meeting or two with his family. And

should have all the fundraising projects, nor neglect finally, one Sunday he appeared at priesthood asking money from nontithe payers?"And the presimeeting."

dent chuckled openly. By now the president was mistyeyed and a little

"I think I've worked on as many fundraising projects embarrassed. He chuckled again, relieving the mood

as the next man—had a lot of fun doing it. But you'll he'd created.

create more problems than you'll solve by trying to "Yes, Bishop, I guess I owe more than I can say—

build your building with carnivals and bake sales. those many years ago when I was young and most

You see, your auxiliaries and quorums already have unwise—to the need to sacrifice for building 'the

their programs and projects. They don't need any house of the Lord.'And the key then, the thing that

added fundraising tasks from you. Solve everything caused me to make the right decision, was a good

through your wise and equitable request from each bishop who came to me in kindliness and love, but family. And don't neglect the man who's never paid who didn't hesitate to tell me: 'Verily it is a day of

tithing. Of course, there will be lots of wonderful sacrifice.'O

money into the project, he found himself more and more interested, to do some hammering...."75

Today's Family

'""fc

Grandmothers

Mothers are wonderful, but they are even more precious if they are great mothers or true grandmothers.

'Grandmother"is an honorary title until it is earned. Anyone

whose child has a child is called a grandmother. This can happen at

quite an early age. It isn't unusual

for a 38year-old woman to become a grandmother, but still that "grandness"in the title isn't hers until she affects for the better the lives of her grandchildren. This is

done act by act, hour by hour, as she builds a good solid bridge between herself and each little one.

Thus, when their eyes meet hers, there is understanding. To these

children here is a person who adds to their security; she is the second

line of defense for them against the world. She's there, and she cares

what they are today and what they - will become. All of us know grandmothers who are truly grand human beings.

A woman gives birth to a baby or extends, her love to a child and adopts it, and in doing so becomes a mother. Songs aire sung about

her, books are written in her praise, and nations are stronger because of her influence. It is a wonderful thing to be a mother but a far

superior thing to be a great mother.

As we look around, we see women

.

76 Improvement Er There are many degrees between a mother and a

"great"mother, a grandmother and a "grand"mother.

and Great Mothers

who could well be called "greatmothers,"if there were such a title.

There are many degrees between 'kj*j a mother and a great mother. The

wisdom of the ages, the capacity to truly love, an understanding easily, spirit, that springs laughter to a to say "no"the courage M; and

/ upchildto whengreatnessit is innecessary—alla mother. Thisadd

can happen to you even if your first baby was just born yesterday.

Wisdom comes from being able to sift the valuable from each situation and discard the chaff. A wise

mother seldom holds a Ph.D. degree, but she has learned to use

yesterday and the day before as

J8y Florence B. steppingstones to today. This wise

Pinnock woman knows good from evil and teaches her children to distinguish between the two. She guides her

small sons and daughters to choose the good. This mother, who is to be

called great someday, nourishes conscience within each of her chilJren to direct them always. A wise

mother teaches her children that they have a Heavenly Father who loves them and wants them to live so that they can return to him someday, They learn from her how to pray and how to depend on his help.

The capacity to love varies within each of us. Some love themselves

so much that there isn't room in

May 1967 77 Graceful Classic their hearts for anyone else. Anloves, is understanding, has a light

other has a heart so big it can entouch, and prays constantly to her

anywhere. Many claim to have a great as long as there are "great mi fold her own brood and any child Heavenly Father. Living will be

heart this big, but their actions mothers"and grandmothers in this prove differently. To truly love world.

shows on the outside in every act. Some Dishes Mother Made

Love shines in doing. Showering Over and Over Again

gifts upon a child does not show love. True love gives the gift of Walnut Cookies

self. % cup butter or margarine

An understanding spirit is a XU2 teaspooncups whitesaltsugar warm, tolerant spirit. When a 1 cup brown sugar

woman can look into a child's eyes 4 eggs, well beaten.

cups flour 3y2 and see their depths, that is underbaking powder iy2 teaspoons standing. She sees the reason for 1 teaspoon vanilla

1 cup nuts, finely chopped the child's act, not just the act. She

clearly sees the consequence and is Combine the butter, salt, and sugars;

cream until light. Add the beaten eggs;

able to transfer its meaning to her mix. Sift the flour and baking powder

child. She understands him by and add. Then add the vanilla and the

walking in his shoes, and in so bakenuts. atDroD375by F.teaspoons,until lightflatten,brown. and

doing she guides him into her footsteps. OldFashioned TwoEgg

A little girl said to her mother Chiffon Cake one day, "Eddie has a funny 2 eggs, separated mother."The admiration in her iyz cups sugar

2Vi cups sifted cake flour voice belied the thought that 3 teaspoons baking powder

Eddie's mother was strange. It said, 1 teaspoon salt

"She's fun; she's cheerful. I like to y31 cupcup saladmilk oil

be with her."Laughter should 2 teaspoons vanilla

spring easily and quickly from a Beat the egg whites until frothy. Gradmother. There is a lilt to a great ually beat in V4 cup sugar. Beat until

stiff and glossy. Sift remaining sugar,

person. Someone rightly said, "A flour, baking powder,, and salt into

deep person has a light, happy another bowl. Add the oil, half the

milk, and the vanilla. Beat one minute

touch; a shallow person is pomat medium speed. Scrape sides of bowl

pous."A great mother never cries constantly. Add the remaining milk and

over spilt milk. Understanding the beatenFold in eggtheyolks.meringue.Beat 1 morePour minute.into a

humor in life makes living enjoy13x9x2-inch pan. Bake about 40 minutes at 350 F.

able.

There are many kinds of courage, The Best Fudge Cake the greatest one of the and most MidCalf Length $15.00 but butter or margarine 2/3 cup Ankle Length $17.00 is difficult the of a courage mother sugar cups 1%

to say "no"to her child when the 2 eggs 2 teaspoons vanilla need for such an answer arises. This 2 1-ounce squares unsweetened

strong "no"can mean the difference chocolate, melted sifted cake flour cups 2y2 teaspoons soda 1V4 There is more than beauty built into this to a boy or a girl between a happy, salt Special Classic""Graceful Dress Session that life successful a dismal, sad and y2 teaspoon is of L.D.S. praises the everywhere. winning women 114 cups ice water

is beautiful, look to designed only but Not for failure. It for takes a courage

fit in well. perfect ultimate comfort, the andit as

Slender lines, easy shoulder pleats, flattering mother to say "no"when all the Cream together the butter, sugar, eggs, draped back, sleeves that instantly adjust to all and vanilla until light and fluffy. Blend

other are "yes."lengths, mothers saying fits all belt adjustable that an and arm Sift chocolate. in the cooled together

its waistlines features. are important many among salt, flour, and soda; to the add is this "no,"if truly the With a mother fastening dress front zips seconds. on in Deep

slash pockets. Sparkling Generous

P,S,M,L. and 64% Polyester 36% Nylon. white, opaque great, a child feels understanding creamedice water, mixturebeating wellalternatelyafter eachwith addithe

and love. It is a talent to be able to tion. Line two 9-inchlayer cake pans

in with paper, grease, and wax pour

MailPostpaidCheck say orU.S.A.M.O. "no"climate and keep a happy F. mixture. at degrees cake Bake 350

OrderPhone =SSDC487-3621in i'A. until or for about done. minutes Let 30 in a talent This develhome. can be

oped if a mother is wise, truly frostingcake cool,and thentrim withfrost walnuts.with chocolate

2511 So. West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 841 15

78 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS the ice cream apple liquid. AddChocolate Frosting by 15% CASH SAVINGS ON Chill until stir until melted. spoonfuls;

1 -ounce squares unsweetened chocthickened, but not set. Fold in 1 cup OVER 500 LDS BOOKS

into the pineapple. drained Turn olate pie up to 20% on some titles

shell. Chill until firm. the with Garnish hot water 3 tablespoons

drained pineapple and dolbooks at obtain you can Details your LDS on how cups sifted powdered sugar remaining 2 details or the request, available savings upon these cream. lops of whipped 1 egg order. sent will your with be

buttery3 cup teaspoon vanilla Cranberry Sherbet THE TEN MOST WANTED (Serves 6) $3.35 MEN

over chocolate hot in bowlMelt the H. Dunn (reg. $3.95) postpaid blendwater. heat and from the Remove can (1 pound) wholeberry Paul Mash 1

well water. with Beat andin sugar in 1 stir cranberry sauce 6-ounce and DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY ON

electric butter mixer. in egg, Beat and can concentrated orange thawed PRICE $4.20 PEARL OF GREAT juice. THE

vanilla. for 5 minutes. at top Beat speed Stir tablewater cups 2 and postpaid in iy2 (reg. L. Andrus $4.95) Dr. Hyrum

spoons lemon juice. Pour into freezer

Pineapple Pie tray and freeze until firm. THE VALLEY OF TOMORROW $2.97

Gordon Allred (reg. $3.50) postpaid

1 package lemon fruit gelatin Macaroon Tortoni l l/4 cups hot pineapple juice plus FUNDAMENTALS OF water Whip 1 cup heavy cream with 2 tableGENEALOGICAL RESEARCH $2.50

1 pint vanilla ice cream spoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and Laureen Jaussi and postpaid 1 can (#2) crushed pineapple, % teaspoon almond extract. Fold in Gloria Chaston (reg. $2.95)

drained crumbs. Freeze macaroon y2 cup soft DOCTRINE $5.90 MORMON 1 until firm. baked 9-inch pie shell, cooled mixture into serving Spoon

R. McConkie (reg. $6.95) postpaid glasses. Sprinkle additional with macaBruce

Dissolve the gelatin in the hot pineroon crumbs. O MARY FIELDING SMITH $4.20

Don C. Corbett (reg. $4.95) postpaid

FASCINATING WOMANHOOD $4.40

Helen B. Andelin (reg. $5.50) postpaid

If order is for less than $3.00 add 10c handling

charge. Residents of Arizona add 3 percent sales tax.

LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE P.O. Box 2454, Mesa, Arizona 85201

Offer good only in U.S. and Canada.

WHEN YOU'RE IN HAWAII, ENJOY ALL THE FUN AND EXCITEMENT OF THE Piffle

Unforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, Sallustrated by Phyllis Luch moa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New

Zealand, open daily except Sundays from

Home, Sweet Home sical10 a.m.pageantAuthenticevenings.2-hour $7.90PolynesianincludesmuFair and warmer, unsettled, sudIf you want to change your famadmission, show and buffet dinner. See

den cold, rainy, stormy, high ily climate, work on enthusiasm. If your travel agent or write:

clouds, windy, thundershowers, father's feet lag toward family and clear. These are all weather evening, so will everyone else's.predictions. How is the climate in The success of the lesson, the acnoUjnesinn

tivity,your family? these idea one of Each the whole of family Cultural Oahu.Oahu, Center * Laie.Laie, to is in direct togethernessweather conditions proportion apply could Hawaii

any family at times. to father's and mother's enthusiasm. An educational and cultural activity of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

May 1967 79 Each must light the torch and carry it high. If they think of this night

as something special, so will the children. It will then be a happy,

enjoyable time. Children react to

their parent's moods. Enthusiastic

expectation should begin early in the day, and the weather report will then be fair and warmer.

There should be no clouds of discontent, such as, "Let's get this thing over,"or "We'll just read this lesson aloud with no time for discussion and finding out how each member feels about the subject,"or "All this is a chore to be lived through; now behave and the time

quart willeach soonchildbeandover."by eachEnthusiasmparent forby

of Bennett's Finest SemiGloss willthe ideapay bigof familydividends.home Theeveningoutlook for the future will be clear

WITH THE PURCHASE OF EACH GALLON OF. and much warmer.

Sunshine Soda

Rubber Latex Put one scoop of vanilla ice cream and one scoop of orange Wall Paint Offer good when sherbet into a tall glass. Spoon on

Latex of Rubber quart SAVE $$$! A free is 2 teaspoons orange marmalade. Fill

for semigloss your woodat the purchased work, with purchase of each regular retail price. to the top with ginger ale and gargallon of our finest Rubber nish with whipped cream tinted a

Latex Wall Paint. Mix or Choice of 480 pastel

match wall and woodwork Colorizer colors pale yellow color. Serve with

colors, for a dramatic new straws and a long spoon. O

look in any room! Offer ends May 31, 1967

You'll Paint It Better With Bennett's!

FOR THE NAME OF YOUR NEAREST BENNETTS DEALER, SEE THE YELLOW PAGES

Hindsight Bennett's CotonkenfBdnU Let us jump over the mistakes of others, learn from them, and do it right the first time ourselves.

Why chop onions the hard, cryThe Improvement Era ing way? All you need to do is put

a quarter of an onion and one or two tablespoons of water into the uses your blender and turn on the switch.

If you use only part of an onion in a recipe, there is no need to Zip Code waste the rest. Cut the section of

and hopes you use aonionsquarefairlyof foil;coarse,wrapanditplacedrugstoreit on

style, and freeze. F.B.P.

yours, too!

80 Improvement Era Step ahead with Summer Study Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Courtesy and Character

so closely, of utmost live and so crowded, move character. [are]Oftenimportancewhere peopleare courtesy not so "Manner[s] and

frivolous or unimportant as some may think,..."said Samuel

Smiles. "A manner at once gracious and cordial is among the greatest

aids to success, and many... fail for want of it;... rudeness and

gruffness bar doors and shut hearts.... A man's manner, to a certain

extent, indicates his character... his taste, his feelings, and his temper.

... Artificial rules of politeness are of very little use. What passes by

the name of 'Etiquette'is often of the essence of... untruthfulness.

It consists in a great measure of posturemaking, and is easily seen through.... but the natural manner... signifies a great deal.... Good

manners consist, for the most part, in courteousness and kindness....

The truest politeness comes of sincerity.... No amount of polish can

dispense with truthfulness.... True courtesy is kind. It... contribute [s]

to the happiness of others, and in refraining from all that may annoy at the them.... Want of respect for the feelings of others usually originates in selfishness,... want of sympathy and want of delicacy—a want of UNIVERSITY

... perception and [neglect of] attention to those little and apparently of trifling things [that are so essential in courteous and kindly living of UTAH

life].... Without some degree of selfrestraint in society a man may June 26 th

be... insufferable.... [And] for want of selfrestraint many men Aug 19 th. 1967

are... rendering success impossible by their own crossgrained unPre-session Workshops

gentleness; less others, while gifted, their... much make way and June 1223

.. achieve success simple patience, selfcontrol."by. and courtesy True

and true kindness and thoughtfulness are increasingly essential to the Stimulating. VisitingCourseProfessorsOfferings

successful living of life, and true courtesy never comes without true Guest Artists character. "... good manners are thoughts filled with kindness and

refinement and then translated into behavior."2 Write to:

Summer School University of Utah * "The Spoken Word"from Temple 305 Park Bldg.

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadSalt Lake City, Utah 84112 casting System March 5, 1967. Copyright 1967.

Samuel Smiles, Character: Manner—Art, Ch. 9.

2Author unknown.

Better than Sunlight JEWELRY CO.

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039

Every man is privileged to in this close matter. A man's SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

believe all his life that his own mother is so tissued and woven INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER mother is the best and dearest into his life and brain that he that a child ever had. By some can no more describe her than

strange instinct of taciturnity describe the air and sunlight BARNES and repression, most of us lack that bless his day.—Christopher WORLD TRAVEL

utterance to say our thoughts Morley, Mince Pie 10 days Hawaiian Tour—$319.00

(from Calif.) Includes Jet Transportation—Hotels and Sight Seeing

105 E. 3rd So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

May 1967 81 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM ECONOMICALLY SOUND? Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

The Dotted Line

Signing on "the dotted line"has come to be a symbol of entering into obligations—a symbol sometimes of getting into things that

are not easy to get out of. Many have discovered that it is much

easier to get into things than it is to get out of them. Sometimes we

seem to set our hearts on opening certain doors, on entering into certain situations, and we knock and pry and push and almost insist on getting inside. Then we may find that being inside isn't quite what we thought

it was. And often we find that the exits aren't so easily accessible. This

question of getting into what is hard to get out of applies to many matters: to borrowing, to signing notes, to contracts of many kinds,

to joining things, to accepting things, to mortgages, to marriages. It is

so easy to sign, so easy to accept, so easy to say "yes,"so easy to make

Wheat age program,is the keepheart yourof anywheatfoodsupplystorcommitments—and so hard to fulfill, so hard to pay back, so long to

regular a basis turnover on rather regret, so long to repent—so easy to get into and so hard to get out of. risk spoilage. than Write for information about

wheat. Make yourhighprotein,food storagecleanedproOften we pursue mirages. We follow fashions; we cling to pride; we

gram a practical program. stubbornly set ourselves, and make commitments and shortsighted deAND SURPRISE! cisions. But before we do, we should see ourselves on the paying side

That wheat stored you have basement delicious makes in your as well as on the receiving side. We should read the fine print; we the most

bread goods. and other baked Now should take a long look, consider consequences, and not commit ourselves can convert you your stored wheat

flour natural into wholesome at your convenience Allto any course that would impair our peace, our solvency, our selfrespect, the superb by using

Grain Flour Mill. our credit, our character, our conscience. It isn't only the moment that

A MODERN ADAPTATION matters. It is the morning after, the month after, the year after, the

AllGrain Mill The is a modern tric refinement old of the fashioned, eleclong years ahead, the whole of life—and everlasting life. We must

twostone flour mill that preserves nature's nutrition marvelous and flalook beyond the moment, through all the days there are, to the day the with vor Start nowexceptionalto enjoy topeconomy.flavor, good debt is due. We must look beyond the limits of time, even into eternity,

health Mills and economy. available

sizes. All mills in two for and keep ourselves as free as we can from questionable compromise, guaranteed

one year. terms. Easy questionable company, questionable commitments. We should read the information, For full write: "

fine print, take a long look at life (and not trust the moonlight too much),

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL and consider all commitments carefully in the clear light of day, and

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 proceed slowly before assenting, before signing.

Brigham City, Utah 84302 or P.O. Box 115 # "The Spoken Word"from Temple

Tremonton, Utah 84337 Square,castingpresentedSystem Marchover KSL12, 1967.and theCopyrightColumbia1967.Broad-

"But How Do I Draw This?"Let's make

to draw a picture of that which pencil in hand. our target The teacher asked the students quietly holding her pad and

they wanted to be when they grew "Don't you know what

gently, some drawing pictures up?"asked the teacher. "Yes,"The ERA up. They went to work diliyou want to be when you grow

of soldiers, some of policemen, I know,"she replied, "but I don't some of nurses. All worked hard know how to draw it. I want v in every except one little girl, who sat to be married."

home!"

82 Improvement Era Of*P*50l OCT*W;B WHWt || OCTAVE II fUXIiiKE

should you pay How much for an organ with these stops?

Pictured are the stops of a Great Diapason 8'Trumpet and 4'Schalmei. And the addiChorus, Pedal work to adequately support it, tional stops on the Swell are 8'Diapason,

Flute work on the Swell, and Strings on the Mixture IV, 16'Fagott, 8'Trompette, 8'Oboe

Swell. and 4'Clarion.

These stops alone can give you a rich variEach of these stops is tonally independent.

ety of tonal effects. Each is programmed through various chanBut they are just part of the tonal makeup nels of the threechannel amplification sysof the Baldwin Model 6. All told, the organ lUIIUIIIIIIIIIfflfl tem to deliver good acoustical results.

has 35 stops. In addition to those shown All right, "How much should you pay?"

above on the Great there are Gedeckts at 8'We think our price for the Baldwin Model 6 and 4'pitches, a Dulciana, Unda Maris, and in the area of $6500 is remarkably reasona- a Trumpet and Clarinet at 8'. To supplement ble. If you think so too, and would like more

the Pedals shown above, there is a 16'Sub information, just write Baldwin, Dept.IE 5-67,Bass, 8'Bourdon, T Block Flute, 16'Posaune, Baldwin Cincinnati, Ohio 45202.

May 1967 83 Janis Hutchinson, mother of three, is Gospel Doctrine teacher in the Wendover (Utah) Ward, and is presently finishing her first book for an East Coast publisher.

I remember that I took off my shoes and socks, rolled up my slacks, and stepped in. I can still remember how good that mud felt.

Too! Likes Mommy By Janis P. HutchinsonMud

The back door opened quietly. Then a voice called, The expression on Bobby's face changed. "It's okay,

"Mommy, promise fyou won't get mad?"then?"

I sighed to myself. "What now? I'll try not to,""Sure. Just be sure to clean up the basin after you

I replied. get through."I smiled reassuringly, then sighed. I

Bobby's head peered around the corner apprehenheard the basin fill up and visualized the muddy footsively. "Let's see the rest of you,"I gasped. marks that would be all along the top edge of the

As he inched himself around the corner of the doortub, where he would have to stand; the muddy ring;

way, I screamed inside. Bobby was (as usual) covthe gooeyedup soap; the muddy drips that would run

ered with mud. I pictured my nice clean bathroom from his hands down his elbows and onto the floor

and the inevitable job of cleaning up after Bobby. (which, of course, he would then step in); the dirty

But, instead, I managed to say, "Hi, there. Looks like towel....

you're really having some fun."Bobby reappeared in the doorway. "Hey, Mom,

84 Improvement Era come on out and see what we're making!"really feel. They just won't understand. Nothing I

Out we went, to the yard, where his sister Patty was say or do is important."

playing. Observing the tall dirt mountain, neatly Achieving communication is the big factor in deshaped roads, secret tunnels, and one huge lake in veloping happy family relationships. I want to help

the middle—full of mud—I said, "Boy, Bobby, that's my children and have them feel free to come and

really swell!"talk with me. But at times I've been guilty of giving

Bobby plunged into the dirt again and asked, "You the impression that I'm too busy to be bothered with wanna play cars with us? Look how neat they go listening to them. I have the deepest love for my

through these tunnels."children, as I'm sure all parents have. I'd give my

Patty, looking quite disgusted, turned to Bobby and life for them. But I wisely decided that instead of

said, "Honestly, Bobby, don't you know anything? my life, how about 15 minutes regularly?

Mommies don't play in dirt. They don't like it!"Bobby was so excited about his birthday party. He

"Well,"I said, smiling, "mommies don't usually play had opened all his presents but one. This was an

in the dirt, but I can remember how good all that envelope that he knew was from me. When he opened

mud feels."They looked at me as if they hadn't it, it read, "Dear Bobby: Starting tomorrow, my presheard right. "Yes,"I continued, "I remember the time ent to you is 15 minutes a day. This will be your

when I got a great big bucket and filled it with the special time. I'll do anything you want to do...

nicest, gooeyest mud you ever did see. Then I took even get down on the floor and play cars. Love,

off my shoes and stockings, rolled up my slacks, and Mommy."

stepped in. I can still feel how good that mud felt "You mean it?"he exclaimed excitedly. But then a

oozing up between my toes. Then I washed my hands little apprehensively, "What if someone calls and wants

and arms in it."you to do something?"

"You mean you really like mud? Golly."Patty "Then,"I replied, "they'll just have to wait. Nothing

looked at Bobby with an I-guessmommies-aren't-sois going to interfere with your special time."

badafter-all look. Another time, Bobby wasn't feeling well and was

Later, on one occasion when the oldest boy, Gordon, lying on the couch.

accused me of not knowing exactly how he felt about "Mommy?"he called.

something, Patty interrupted with "Oh, yes, she does. "What do you want this time? Do you want someRemember, she likes mud!"thing?"

Strangely enough, this was the beginning of real "No.... Mommy?"

communication and understanding between us. "What on earth do you want me for?"

I found other occasions to gain the children's con- "I just want you,"Bobby answered.

fidence by letting them know that I understood exactly At this point I melted somewhat and said, "Do you how they felt. want me to hold you, Bobby?"

"Mom, I can't swallow this asparagus... it just Nodding his head, he snuggled into my lap. After

won't go down. It's nasty!"Then, "I just can't! I'll five minutes of just sitting, I began to think of the

never like it!"cake I wanted to get into the oven, of the floor I

I felt like saying, "It's good for you—full of vitawanted to get waxed before the other children came

mins. You're just acting silly, and it's all in your swarming home from school.

mind!"But instead I managed a sympathetic look. "I love you, Bobby,"I said, giving him an extra

"Yes, I can remember when I thought my mother was squeeze.

the worst monster in the world to make me eat my "Me too, Mommy."

asparagus. And I always used to sit and pick all the Ten minutes went by.

bits of onions out of the dishes she'd fix, just as you "Mommy,"he began, very seriously, "I love you as do. I know children don't like certain foods, but much... as much as..."—his brows knitted together

when you grow up you'll like them."—"... as much as all the mountains in the whole world

At the next dinner, I had to smile as Patty, shudstuck together."

dering as she did, put a forkful of meat loaf (with I chuckled to myself, "Who cares about the floors!"

onion) into her mouth. Sometimes I have thought that I spend a great deal

"Ugh... but I'll like them when I grow up."of time with my children because I have them around

What does all this have to do with communication? me all day. But it isn't the right kind of time. EmoThe main complaint of older children when they tionally, the children don't need me to iron their

won't go to their parents is, "They don't know how I clothes; they need me to spend that special time that

May 1967 85 shows them that I love them, not their clothes. "He doesn't know that his uncle is the real murderer.

Eightyear-old Patty once said, "You know, I think And he finally finds out from snooping around, but

I'd miss you if I were killed. Know why?"he don't know what..."

"Why?"I asked, surprised. "Doesn't know, Gordon."

"Well, I'd miss my warm bed, and you to snuggle "Doesn't know what, Ma?"Gordon looked puzzled.

with.""You were saying..."I said.

I observed that she didn't say, "I'd miss all the ways Slowing down, with a somewhat less excited expresyou love me by sewing on buttons, washing my clothes, sion on his face, Gordon continued, "Oh, yeah. He

cleaning my bedroom."But she would miss the spedon't know what to do 'cause his uncle's been good

cial time of direct physical nearness—not the time spent to him, and yet he seen him do..."

in correcting or teaching, but in just being loved. "He saw him,"I said, patiently suffering.

Preparing the family night lesson on repentance, I Gordon sighed and shoved his hands into his pockets.

came to the part where the parent is supposed to im- "Oh, never mind, Ma."

press upon the child that whenever he or she has any "But Gordon, I'm interested,"I said, looking surproblems, the child should feel free to come and seek prised at his sudden change.

advice and help from the parent. With all the hustle "Oh, it's really not too exciting anyway. It's just

and bustle during the day, where was the opportunity sorta a dumb story, I guess."With a frustrated shrug,

that I could provide for this? Taking three clotheshe sauntered off outside.

pins, I colored on each one the 1 name of a child. It goes without saying that raising children takes a

"Now,"I explained to the children, "whenever you huge amount of patience. Children react angrily,

have a problem—or perhaps it may not be a problem, and we as parents tend to do the same. Irritations of

but just something you want to talk about—come and the day can make our tempers rise sharply.

get your clothespin from the flower dish on the piano Whatever success I have achieved in my relationand quietly clip it to the door handle of the freezer. ships with my children is based, I'm certain, on my

When I see it, I won't say anything; but after you are letting them know that I know how they feel; giving

all tucked in at night, that person and I will get tothem sufficient time and attention to assure them that gether, without any interference from the others, and their personal hopes, dreams, and problems are most talk about his problem."important to me; and making certain they have ample

This worked out very well, especially as I realized opportunity to express themselves. This approach has

that bedtime seemed to be a different time. It was worked for us, and for this reason I pass it along for

a time when the cockiness and pretending dissolved, the consideration of other parents. O

and the children's true feelings would come to the surface.

One time Patty leaned over to me as she was going out the door to school and whispered, "Look on the freezer!"Then, giggling, she left. Bluebird

That night Patty told me her problem. We talked a

long time and worked out a solution. By Naomi Stevens Smith

As we said goodnight Patty hesitated for a moment.

"You know something? That clothespin sure makes On trembling wings you lift your body high

things easier."Then happily she hopped off to bed And waft it effortlessly into flight.

with, "I love you, Mommy!"

Another example of frustrating the older child is One moment you are poised against the sky, by not letting him be himself. Then gone beyond the limits of my sight.

"Ma!"Gordon dashed in wildly. "I'm in the school

play! It's about this here guy..."Not lost, that I should grieve or will you here

"This boy,"I said gently. To match the pace my clumsy feet must move.

"Well, this boy moves in with this uncle, and he don't know..."Not changed, that I should spend myself in fear,

"Doesn't know..."Nor ever moved beyond the reach of love.

86 Improvement Era To Kathy Are you tired By Maureen Cannon of being tired?How vulnerable..... For all your Alone, and very brave. All that

shoulders squared, you're feeling

Your careful public face, your Is my pain, too. But we've a musmile revealing tual task: Try Lyman's

No private thought at all, I see you I will not offer help. You will not

scared, ask.

Daily Supply * Vitamins and Richard L. Evans

Mineral Tablets The Spoken Word less than 2i a tablet

Uninvited Events

man ever lived his life exactly as he planned it. There are things

all of us want that we don't get. There are plans all of us makeNothat never move beyond the hopes in our hearts. There are

reverses that upset our fondest dreams. Unforeseen events are always

in the offing. Countless people who have had their careers carefully

planned have seen them swept aside by a single sudden circumstance.

Accidents, ill health, misfortune in money matters, the loss of loved ones, the faithlessness of friends, the tragedies of a troubled world, the missing of time and tide, and many other untoward events can, in a moment, take from any of us the plans and pleasures and purposes we have long pursued. And when events take a turn we haven't anticipated and upset

our plans and purposes, we sometimes give way to hopelessness or to fatalistic fear or to bitter rebellion—rebellion against life, rebellion

against our inability to control it according to our own ideas. And often

we rail against facts that cannot be refuted, and bruise our heads and our hearts in fighting irrevocable realities. But when some unlookedfor

accident or some uninvited event does enter in, there is no peace or purpose in letting rebellion rankle within us. There are many things

in life beyond the present power of anyone to alter or to answer or to understand. And what we cannot understand we shall have to accept

on faith—until we do understand. In any case, rebellion isn't the answer.

But neither is hopeless resignation. Resignation may retreat too far.

But somewhere between bitter rebellion and beaten resignation there High Potency is an effective fighting ground where a man can make the most of whatever is, where he can still face each day and do with it whatever All Natural can be done. And when life rides roughly over our best laid plans, the

Clip and Mail or Write way to personal peace, to faith and effectiveness, to accomplishment and reconciliation is to change what should be changed, if we can, and to Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, make the most of whatever is, when we can't for the moment change Salt Lake City, Utah the facts we face. Pleasepostagesendfree. Daily Supply Tablets,

g Ouantitvguantity \ 50010Q tabletstablets $8$1 *"The Spoken Word"from Templey

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 26, 1967. Copyright 1967. Name.

Address.

City

State Zip.

May 1967 87 KAR TABLE

$5.95 ppd.

Enjoy your summer auto trip! Here's the perfect

snack bar and game table for your car. Sturdy

12"x30"table top with rigid steel supports fits over the back of the front seat. Also useful as

traveling desk. Utah residents add 21c sales tax.

PRECISION

SPORTS WATCH $12.95 ppd.

SWISS MADE, PILOT -TYPE CHRONOGRAPH—

athletes, Luminousstudents! ideal for sportsmen,

six dials, five hands, two Warner Bros. features dial watch

as stop be used pushbutton controls; may watch, Up the Down Staircase features Sandy Dennis as an idealistic public school teacher.

telemeter, counter, hour tachometer, minute and precision timepiece. Oneyear guarantee. Makes

nice graduation gift, (no c.o.d.'s please). Utah

residents add 45c sales tax. Delivery 2 weeks.

Free catalog.

MARK DAVID 770 EAST 700 SOUTH Best of Movies Dept. E5

BOUNTIFUL, UTAH 84010 By Howard Pearson

Up the Down Staircase, based on A boy who has been in and out of a bestselling book by Bel Kaufman, courts, who has been considered spotlights the behavior of some a bad student, comes through with students and educators in schools flying colors. He discovers who

in certain underprivileged areas in he is after searching for his idenAmerica today. tity, and in his triumph the young

It does this by concentrating on teacher finds her own identity. The

one young, idealistic teacher who film could furnish a vehicle for confronts the realities of her first many discussions with worthwhile assignment. The characters preaims. Broadway star Sandy Dennis

sented in this powerful and honest leads the splendid New York cast,

THE NEW portrayal are typical of those to be which includes some young peoNON-CAFFEINE found in many schools today. Some ple who have never before acted. DRINK HOT to start the of them make the headlines with Latterday Saints with a sports A delicious and nourishing way

day for the whole family. Adults and children their defiant behavior; some are bent should find interest in Goal,

like the delicious flavor of the wholesome pompous, pushy types—even their a beautifully photographed account grains.

Simple to fix—just add boiling water and fellow students see through them; of the world soccer finals held in

serve! others just want to learn. England last summer. The long Economical, too! Look for it at your favorite

market. There aren't enough of the latter playoffs, the games leading to the

distributed by XA/ORLD type of students to counterbalance finals, and the championship comFOODS INC. the bad, but that would negate the petition between England and

2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah purpose of the story. Even the West Germany make a thrilling

Dealers Inquiries Welcome school administrators have their movie experience. Interesting shots

problems, because theirs is a poor of the crowds and music by the school in a poor district with poor Royal Grenadiers supply worthy NURSES students. But side effects flamboywithout in a picture suitable Openings available"for registered nurses

operating with room experience—all ancy, without preaching, the light for the whole family.

shifts. If interested, write to the

personnel director, Thomas D. Dee of the idealistic teacher shines Three Walt Disney movies that

Memorial (LDS) Hospital, 2440 Harrison through. Her problems and those offer enjoyable fare for all family Ave., Ogden, Utah.

of her colleagues are presented in members will be playing at theaters straightforward fashion. and driveins through the summer.

USE YOUR CORRECT ZIPCODE Near the film's end she stages a Included are Folloio Me, Boys, the to assure speedy delivery of your Era mock trial from a classical story. heartwarming story of Scouting

88 Improvement Era O

that won the Family Movie of the

Year award; Bullwhip Griffin, a

spoof on westerns of the goldrush period; and Monkeys, Go Home,

a delightful comedy about monkeys that pick olives.

A Man for All Seasons, the splendid picturization of the Broadway play about the clash between

Henry VIII and Sir Thomas More because of the latter's refusal to compromise his conscience, also continues as one of the finest pictures of the season.

In the category of adventure pictures, of older the members

Prix, enjoyfamily should Grand FRANCIS W- Rj ftKKftM which concentrates on auto racing on the tracks of Europe, but one or two scenes make this film unsuitable for the Funeral young. When you join LDS Books Club

isin Berlin story a secret agent with suspenseful moments many and make your first Club selection itand, since the was filmed along

Berlin wall, the added feature of Join LDS Books Club now and you will receive prophet Joseph Smith. This excellent missionary

an educational angle. the deluxe, hardbound edition of "A New Witness tool will be a valued addition to your library.

The Mikado, new film version of for$2.95Christvaluein isAmerica"yours forbyonlyFrancis$.99. Kirkham.Francis KirkThis joinAnd, thethroughthousandsyour ofClubfaithfulmembership,LatterdayyouSaintswill

the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta, ham's outstanding work bears witness to the who enjoy savings of up to 20% on a vast selecfilmed during an actual perforinspired truth revealed to the world through the tion of the finest LDS books.

mance of the operetta in a London theater, is being released to some MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM THE FOLLOWING BOOKS:

theaters on a reservedseat basis. 1. True to the Faith 2.TheTen Most Wanted Men 3. The Miracle of Personality

Also in the classical category are

by Compiled Sill Sterling Juliet, by the featuring W. H. By Paul DunnRomeo and

R. Llewelyn McKay

chapstimulating ten qualities The Ballet Ballet, and BolshoiLondon

The sermons and JOMWAKES MEN of SUmde, \ ters52 self leadership, that make and how of 1967, which is just going into writings of David itttt to achieve them. improvement a

general release in a few selected spiring0. McKay.work. An$3.95in- $3.95 pleasure. $3.75

theaters, and which turns the spotlight on the Bolshoi and its wonderful dancers and music. 4. Out of the Best Books, 5. Fascinating Womanhood 6. LDS Children's Storybook

For the very young, there are Vol. II

B. Clark By Bruce B. by Andelin Helen Compiled films. out: standnot many Two 'MM*** Robt. K. Thomas & Fern Hunter apto be W-"v byPrinciples storyBrighty the Canyon, Grand of critical analysis A fifty in a collection of plied A winning IWt'tijfe

of literature for inlove. delightful genuine and man's aof freedomloving burro who

of the I*ag8| members for stories structive $4.95 'pZ&Jg. inlived years the ago 50 canyon Church. $2.95 LDS children. $3.00 I

and became part of canyon history, and Do You Keep a Lion at Home? LD.S. Books Club, Inc. bc56?

in which two little brothers have a P. 0. Box 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

fantastic adventure with talking Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $ animals, playful lions, nonfrighten- Please send "A New Witness for Christ in America"at the special $.99

circled book(s) as my first reguing ghosts, and a magic fountain. price.lar ClubAlso,selection.please send.1 thez followingo Dc rb 4,

Motion pictures reviewed on this page are aEnrollminimumhie as ofa 4LDSregularBooksselectionsClub memberor alternatesand send duringme monthlythe nextreviews.12 monthsI herebyat theagreeregularto purchaseadverprice. for tised qualify joining a regular not (Premium or alternate.) do books selection as Club by the norneither recommended approved

at I will resign any time purchasing I accept, For 4 books. each receive a 4 books in are, however,Church or the Era. They valuableI may of free savings bonus book 20%.—aftera

the judgment of the reviewer, among the least objectionable of the current films. NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

May 1967 89 The Church A/loves On

February 1967

New stake presidencies sustained: Julian C. Lowe, president, and Byron F. Dixon and Ira

L. Somers, counselors, Potomac

Stake; Derek J. Plumbley, president, and Archibald M. McCormack

and John H. Weightman, counselors, Manchester (England) Stake.

The 80team allChurch bas-

.. Teachers School ketball tournament began this

twice as fast afternoon in eight Salt Lake City industry is growing "The nation's knowledge as the economy."* Keep pace and broaden your background gymnasiums, with three divisions:

with a BYU Home Study Course. More than 270 courses

available. Here's just a sample: junior, senior, and college.

336x ENGLISH Novel Van Nuys First Ward won The Modern American

BOTANY 460x the allChurch senior division

Conservation of Natural Resources basketball tournament by defeating fellow Californians, Mar Vista, the Third Holladay won senior Olay advertising and marketing 8987. Buckout

Inc. executive for Time,—

13th, consolation Fork from Spanish 8059. Pleasant Grove Third placed

third, defeating Clearfield Second, 5652. Corvallis won the senior

sportsmanship trophy.

Centerville Third won the junior division, defeating Garden Park, 5142. West Hills defeated Mountain View 4551 for the consolation,

while Holladay 24th won over Yoomeenchoopeetes 6861 for third fri'.ii'a(]i)ii(i4 place. The Yoomeenchoopeetes

BAR C BOYS RANCH team, from a Navajo Indian branch IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS in Sevier Stake, won the junior

Farm work and fun. Aids in treatment of simple sore division sportsmanship trophy. i s h ing, swimming,

boating, riding, archthroat and other minor mouth and BYU 47th won the college diviery, overnight campthroat irritations. sion over their nearby campus ing in Cache Valley,

Utah. Opens June 1. rivals, BYU 43rd, 4332. Utah

call Write today or State University Sixth took the con- (801) 5636493. Bar C HALLS REMEDY

Ranch, Rt. 1, SmithSalt Lake City, Utah solation from Idaho State Univerfield Utah. w-m-o-mm-u-* sity Third, 5652. Oregon took

third by defeating Utah Third, 5134. USE YOUR CORRECT ZIPCODE

to assure speedy delivery of your Era

90 Improvement Era for accurate news coverage The appointment of Samuel both

CaliLafayette, L. Holmes,

fornia, to the NATIONAL and INTERNATIONAL the general board of $r iilf &k t Wiibmt Eht di &xkt WtikmtDeseret Sunday School Union was announced. State*>{-Stale Speech; isks Tax Boost

t Budget Deficit

March 1967

The First Presidency announced the appointment of

Howard C. Badger of Salt Lake

City to preside in the South African

Mission, succeeding President J.

Golden Snow.

The appointment of Frank W.

Gay, Encino, California, to the

Deseret Sunday School Union general board was announced.

The First Presidency issued a statement endorsing the current fund drive of the American Red

Cross.

New stake presidency: Butler

(Salt Lake County) Stake, mad ft* Halt fykt SfibumPresident William James Mortimer and counselors, Don H. Brighton

and Alvin D. Nydegger. TrnTTTTTTm TTTTI BLACK & WHITE

%rZl **L I "I anPresidency The First I Iklllkr 8 exposure roll of FILMS the appointment nounced

William N. Jones of Salt Lake City DEVELOPED & PRINTED

as a mission president. IN JUMBO SIZE

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50

New stake presidency: Wichita (Kansas) Stake, President COLOR FILM

John K. Lawson and counselors, DEVELOPING

Gerald P. Langton and Phil R. KODACOLOR

Roll perYoung.

roll Printing Your Family will Dev.8-Exposureand $2.55

12Exposure Roll jpo.UU perro || come Running, Too Dev. and Printing Relief Societies throughout

Color Reprints 204 each the Church were celebrating this anniversary 125th the SLIDES month COLOR

Slides per Color 135 mm of flavor and For the aroma of the organizationof the founding roll exp., rolls Dev. Mount other and bread, fresh 20 and...$1.35 baked home

all love. is something we bakery, Slides Color per 1 35 mmat Nauvoo, Illinois, on March 17, fresh ground Stone use you when And,

roll exp., Dev. and 36 Mount... $2.40 flour, made your wheat home whole

.'1842. per Color Movie rolls, cakes buns and pancakes, bread,

vital energy all the will supply and 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

in grain. the whole vitamins

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Helphealthyourandfamilynutritionreapfoundthe harvestin wholeof

Choir sang before a capacity nformationgrain onwheat.Lee HouseholdWrite todayFlourfor Millsfree GENEALOGY PHOTOS and recipes using 100% whole wheat NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

fresh bread flour.audience in the Arizona Veterans Bake some with PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS flour family let your and wheat whole

$1.50 the difference. SendMemorial Coliseum at Phoenix, taste for of NEGATIVE, 54 each

Flour, Wheat Smith Whole 5# Deaf under the sponsorship of the ten freshly ground in a Lee Mill. Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

stakes of the Phoenix area. O MoneyBack Guarantee

CO. LEE ENGINEERING LAB

Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 2023 W. Utah 53201 SAMSP.O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

May 1967 91 GUARANTEED BuffsHASN'T and Rebuffs YET!

Portraits of Joseph Smith? What a marvelous experience to turn

off TV and curl up with really good

I am very interested in your article literature!

on Joseph Smith (December) and Mrs. Gail Bartholomew

would like to note that my mother, Coalinga, California

Margaret Ann Hill White, lived with

CHALK & TACK BOARD FOR herthe familyhardshipsin Nauvooof theandSaints.experiencedHer "The Uncertain Promise"

improving! distinctly Uncertain I enjoyed Joseph. "The Prophet mother My CLASSROOMHOME father served as bodyguard for the The quality of the Era fiction is really thinklifeless it reinforced the Promise,"and seeking bodies remembered my

FAMILY NIGHT wereof thetakenProphetfromandCarthage.Hyrum when they tionsing onontemplethe continuedmarriage.changesCongratulabeing

all especially for of and running our mother's family, a made A friend is forever the nervetingling Gone article conin of an together without his possession Cahoon, had screeching. of chalk sound it to the tinuing the of identimagazine. "Velvet Brothera tintype back of Joseph and Hyrum,

Touch"simply will not screech, and cal to picture "D"on page 1076. He LaDene Sweat

writing on it is as smooth as glass. had six pictures taken from this tinWeber State College, Utah

There's no other board like it. type and gave my mother one of them, j

which I remember well. I can testify Changes of Address

Sturdy, lightweight aluminum frame that the picture in the Era is a true

Wide tray for chalk and eraser copy of the picture my mother had, Please accept my thanks for the most

Sealed cork tack board is washable Josephand we Smith.all knew it was the Prophet Iprompthave everattentionseen. toI antransferredaddress changefrom

Tack strip across top for notes Maude White Whitehead one Air Force base to another in the

Hangs easily - removes easily (92 years old) first week of January and several days

Overall size—25 x 16"Santa Monica, California laterI did notforwardedexpect tomyreceivenew address,my Januarybut

Green or Sienna (light brown) Home Evening Era at my new address just two weeks later. I know of no magazine or pubSPECIAL OFFER My roommates and I here at Ricks lication that extends such quick

service. articles College enjoyed the on home Order direct manufacturer from and

Daniel Dreher like evening to (January) and would save. with check Send in coupon Holloman suggestions or read for conducting a AFB, New Mexico

money order. Price includes $ 195 home evening in a student apartment.

shipping anywhere Our favorite section, by the way, is"Great Scott! Two of them! irresidents the "Era of Youth."

sales tax in continental U.S.A. addUtah3'/a% Linda Anne McBride To give credit to a fine scout, Robert

F. of Peterson Rexburg, Idaho Nyssa Ward, Owyhee Please )Velvet send Touch Chalk me (

Stake, in note the error the Februwe is Board(s). and Tack

of in ary "Era Youth"which he is my The New Format or check order each. money Enclosed@ $11.95 identified with Stake. Mesa

Just can't say enough good about the Ross E. Butler, scoutmaster

Name new format as we continue to become Ontario, Oregon more and more acquainted with it each

Street Address succeeding issue. Also, the illustraAs I was reading I checked the refertions of Trevor Southey have a ence to the Journal of Discourses, Vol.

is B. Hinckley's 1, p. 73, in Elder Gordon memorable. warmth to them that

Green D city] state. Zi P talk the refer- (December). Philip I found Bellon

Sienna to: velvet mail touch

P.O. BOX 1833 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 Provo, Utah ence should be JD, Vol.Dan 1,Bachmanp. 133.

More than ever we've noticed the Orem, Utah changes in the Era, the new art work, and the very pertinent articles diNonmembers Write rected at the problems of this day. As

a family—thanks! My gratitude for such an inspiring

Brady Family and comforting magazine! I am an Let's make Phoenix, Arizona investigator of your Church and look

forward monthly to the Era.

Of all the new ideas, the one that Mrs. B. Jameson our target gives me the most pleasure is placing Sydney, Australia

i j the articles to follow from page to page instead of having to turn to the I am writing to tell you what wonderback of the magazine to finish readful work your Mormon elders are do-

I ing the article. ing Zealand. often here have in New::".':::.: i-lSiKJ: The ERA their shall heard Irene Middleton "by fruits ye know

in every Trona, California them,"but never before did I realize

Improvement Era 92 home!

mUrtThe,Lattery3ttpr4ayyesterday Saints:ndToday

C The Mormons

Robert Mull

i

how true it is. Though not a member

of your Church at present, I respect your missionaries.

Glenis Clark Gisborne, New Zealand I have received a copy of the December issue and find it very interesting. I

have enjoyed watching your [general conference] TV presentations from

Salt Lake City. Maurice J. Pollard The

Dover, New Hampshire Latterday No Need for Panic One article I look forward to each month is "These Times"-by Dr. G.

Homer Durham. When I saw the newJanuary issue I looked for his article Saints

thank but panicked,and almost articles goodTHE MORMONS YESTERDAY these I useness it was there.

tooften relate lessons to "these times"AND TODAY times. in our

Mrs. Victor Merrell

Moses Lake, Washington by Robert Mullen will you read where ago I Sometime and both Mormons of book is the kind of an This for "End contributionsaccept It retells the will enjoy. nonMormons to you items several I sent Era."

but they have not been returned to past and reports and interprets present me and I have not heard if they were aims, beliefs, and progress of this remarkaccepted. Could you please tell me able church. Mr. Robert Mullen, a former

what has happened to them? editor of Life, is a knowledgeable, able

Palmer Jerald world scene. the writer observer on and Arizona Phoenix,

is informative, the a result, book As

For "End of an Era"we do welcome objective, and fair. Its simple and beauoriginal contributions of appealing or tiful style makes it a literary work of art.

humorous sidelights on Latterday

Saints and the Mormon way of life. High praise from home and abroad

We do not accept jokes, quotations, or epigrams of general interest. Contri- A recent British edition under the title,

butions that are accepted arc paid The Mormons, is receiving high praise.

will Others six weeks. $3.00 within "Southern Evening Echo"England's be From by only if accompanied returned this summary: comes envelope. selfaddressed a stamped,

"Whether one believes in, tolerates or even dislikes the (Mormon), one is bound to be extremely interested in this wellwritten

Turkish Conference and factual book that answers a host

Era readers throughout the world of questions."

might be interested to know that we Norman Vincent Peale calls the book "a held a district conference here in fascinating account of a tremendous on January Turkey, Samsun, 8, under religious movement."the East Mediterdirection of the

presidency. It was District ranean the An ideal book to own or give to friends. Turkey that Northern here in

Nicean Creed was formulated in 325 $5.95 From a"booksellers.

A.D.

Sgt. Kenneth G. Colyar, USAF

Samsun, Turkey I DOUBLEDAY May 1967 93 Education and These Times religion ivill provide

By Dr. G. Homer Durham answers to the problems

President, Arizona State University of shrinking neighborhoods.

NATIONAL DIRECTORY

International Law:

Contains over Prospects and Developments 35,000

zip codes

Every town in the U.S. # A characteristic of this generation Bureau of Weights and Measures

of Americans, not greatly noted, is are examples.

Send $1.00 plus 10c

mai 1 charge to: the absence of spirited discussion The development of many such

Zidn Enterprises foraboutthethedevelopmentprospects andof theinternaneed organsalmost inescapedthe lastattention.twenty yearsThe haslist P. D. BOX B04

LONGMONT, COLDRADD 80501 tional law. is large. It includes the InterThis may be due to other probnational Monetary Fund, the SPECIAL QUANTITY PRICES lems: our own nationalism, preInternational Telecommunications TO FUND RAISING GROUPS!

occupation with civil rights, and Union, the International Atomic other internal developments. Energy Agency, International Seed

FOR OLDFASHIONED However, it is also possible that Testing Association, and so on.

there has been more substantial deThese organs embody and serve the

HEALTHGIVING velopment of international law in needs of fundamental economic and

GOODNESS the past twenty years than in the social interests nurtured by the "CORONA"preceding generations combined. scientific and technological revoluGRAIN MILL There has been a ground swell of tions. Notable examples are the

for use with corn,wheat, nuts, the ingredients that constitute efInternational Civil Aviation Orgaetc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse fective elements of an international nization and the International Air grinding. Regular

C model#1 postpaid. New$9.951 CTSP legal system. Thus there may have Transport Association (IATA),

model mill with extra been less talk about international whose operations underlie tariffs, fine grinding plates East ofpostpaid. $10.95 law, per se, but more development services, and privileges of the

Rockies add $1.00

postage on either mill. of it in fact. world's jet fleets, and which involve

Extra fine grinding plates Prior to 1850, international law the home governments of every nafor old mill available. 1 C

WRITE FOR PRICES consisted largely of the influences tion so served. The health certifiELECTRIC MILLSON of custom, religion, and adjudicacates accompanying the passports

"Special"quantity prices to church groups on both grain mills and bread mixer. tion by each nation of its own carried abroad by all who travel

rights and interests. There were symbolize one small phase of the

some treaties, some primitive diplowork of the World Health Orgamatic machinery, and, of course, nization, meshed with national and talk and scientifc discussion. The local health agencies.

ingredients that make for law in A feature of our times is the fact the fuller sense—legislative, adminthat nominal "hot"war between

istrative, and judicial—were largely approximately equal nations apBREAD MIXER missing. Such organs began to pears to have been replaced by

makes a bread batch for 1 to 4 loaves emerge about 1850, in the intersofter names, such as "police ac- $13.95 postpaid to you. national sense. The Universal tions"or "cold wars."Such wars

Utah residents add 49c Sales Tax Postal Union and the International that flame out into the open are no

Send orders to:

CO. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT

Smithfield, Utah N. Main 99

94 Improvement Era longer "declared"wars. Congress, by satellite and personal travel, will attitudes among men toward each

for example, has not declared war have produced more change by that other.

since World War II. Wars of "agtime than we can today possibly Education—education at home,

gression,"openly acknowledged as imagine. and education everywhere in the

late as 1939, no longer "exist."All But we can forecast the problems world—can serve this end. Edusuch are now wars of "defense"or these developments pose. cation is needed to build human

"liberation."Problem Number 1 is the crowdmanpower resources to ( 1 ) support

Something more than subtlety ing together, in less time and space, and maintain life and health, and attaches itself to these phenomena. of the enormous cultural and politi- (2) build the capacity in indiThe changed terminology reflects cal differences that exist. The viduals and the communities of

dawning recognition of the limited USA, which has five percent of the the world to somehow, in orderly utility of warfare as an instrument world's people, nearly 50 percent ways, thrive and develop, while inof national policy, as heretofore of the world's telephones and mahabiting a shrinking neighborhood understood. Wars of "liberation"chines, and all forms of wealth, filled with new and strange neighrather than of "aggression"appeal including an adequate food supply, bors. Religion can help. The issues

to both domestic and external pubis within a few travel hours of really get down to bedrock with lic opinion, including what has China. the doctrine of the Fatherhood of

come to be called "the world comProblem Number 2 is the outlook God and the brotherhood of man.

munity."Instantaneous communifor this situation. Based on past Therefore, there will have to be

cation, by satellite, radio, telephone, experience—the crowding of culmuch more than education as we

or cable, serves this "world comtural groups in New York City, for normally view it. There will have

munity"and those who influence example—the future is stormy. The to be more than an upsurge in

and arc influenced by it. evercrowding world neighborhood technical exchange and service, so

The coming of the missile, the will be rife with conflicts. The broadly launched by so many

laser beam, the globecircling satelpeople of the USA, placed under countries and agencies since 1945.

lites, jet aircraft, the 747 (due in severe strain in shifting from iso- (For example, sixtyfive percent of 1969), and the SST (due therelation to world involvement in the the faculty at Michigan State Uniafter)—all foreshadow even greater recent past, will be (1) subjected versity have spent a year or more

developments. There are now to more severe internal stresses and abroad in some form of technical

about 125 billion passenger miles strains, and (2) challenged to deor scientific service. Some 60,000

flown per year. In 1980, accordvelop new means of conflict scholars, scientists, engineers have

ing to Fortune (February 1967, resolution. been exchanged between the U.S.

"The $4 Billion Machine That ReProblem Number 3 is the necesand other nations under the Fulshapes Geography"), there will be sity of reckoning with the chalbright program since 1946, and nearly 720 billion passenger miles lenge. What avenues lie open to other nations have similar proflown. The world's communicaoptimism, hope, and creative effort? grams.) There must also come a

tions and information systems, fed The hope lies largely in future change in attitudes. O

May 1967 95 End of an Era

The day was hot and humid, the other, "Are you planning My aunt attended a Relief making the morning session of to stay until the bitter end?"Society meeting at which a

stake conference seem rather The other, who was scheduled recording was played about long. to speak in the afternoon session, a woman who had become active

Two men paused to visit replied, "Brother, I am the in the Church after years of between sessions, and one asked bitter end!"inactivity. At a dramatic point

in the story, the voice on the "End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences recording had just said, "Now relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words. that I am active in the Church

I..."when the needle stuck in

a groove, "go to meetings...

go to meetings. go tor meetings...—Submitted by

Life Among the Mormons Myrle Phelps,

Montpelier, Idaho

Ward Picnic

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer One night after a family home evening lesson, Father asked his

A party, a party, we're having a party; threeyear-old son, "Robert,

The entire ward we'll include. are you going on a mission?"

Hooray, hooray for picnic day! Robert, in all seriousness, replied,

But who is bringing the food? "I can't. I'm in my pajamas!"

—Submitted by Mr. and Mrs.

The bishopric's getting the ice cream cones; Thomas Byrnes, Pleasant

The elders are bringing the punch; Grove, Utah

The high priests are laying the barbecue stones;

Oh, we'll have a wonderful lunch.

The Pharaoh, a man with a good,

A party, a party, we're having a party, curious and outreaching mind,

And all of us would fain summoned his great mathematics

Go to the park for a summer lark, teacher, Euripides. He wanted

That is, if it doesn't rain. to learn mathematics, particularly

geometry, so he was taught If the bishop remembers the ice cream cones, from the beginning. But he grew

And the ladies remember the salad, impatient with the long, torturous

And the high priests remember the barbecue stones, effort and asked if there was

And our reservation is valid, not a shorter way. He was assured

And the seventies bring the volleyball nets, there was not. "Ah,"he said,

And we all remember to pray "but I am the Pharaoh.""Yes,

That the children won't get the chicken pox, sire,"said Euripides. "But there

We'll see you a week from today. is no royal road to geometry."

So far as I have been able to Next Month: Genealogy learn in my lifetime, there is no

royal road to anything worth achieving.—President MarionV. D. Hanks

96 Improvement Era "Values in a World Change

Today's generation Integrity in broadcasting emerges into a is exemplified by KSL, changing world with home of radio, who received a new perspective... a the Peabody Award for

perspective exemplified by Journalism for OnAir

KSL's concept in programming Editorials and the George... eternal values in broadcasting Washington Honor Medal

which provide the listener with Award from the Freedoms ever up to the minute music, Foundation at Valley Forge news and entertainment—the for "Public Pulse"radio

way you want it! programming.

KSL, home of radio, urges you to take advantage of the "Values in a World of Change"during EDUCATION WEEK PROGRAMS.

DIAL 1160 BROADCAST HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

home of radio Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

W4> K. w

J\

Foremost in his thoughts

... the security of his family! It gives a

man peace of mind to know that his wife and children will always enjoy a secure financial future. One way this can

be guaranteed is through adequate life insurance—through a program like

Beneficial Life's "Planned Futures."

To protect those who are always foremost in your thoughts, call your Beneficial

Life agent today. He is trained to provide

expert advice in planning insurance to meet your needs and income.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah