J

fj y?Kr0a;?GS:;SS#5Kt:f4.-.''=/gg2QggQ[g2ffiij,tSSSt-i

meTundamentaf cyVovember me some answers, but keepme popular

Let's face it! Social life on many

college campuses today just doesn't conform to the ideals and standards of the Church. You'll need some

answers! Under the direction of the

Prophet, a divinely inspired program has been established to meet your social and spiritual needs—the

Institute of Religion.

Involve yourself in the Institute program now!

Stories and Pictures That Make the Bibte Live

THE STORY OF DAVID Praised by Catholic

AND GOLIATH and Protestant Clergy alike and Still David did not flinch. accepted in thouInstead, he calmly took one of sands of homes

of all faiths.

the stones from his bag, put it in his sling, and threw it with all his strength at the advancing Book size, 7 x 9% inches giant. The watching thousands

held their breath. Actual size of print.

Just one of over 400 stories presented with simplicity, beauty and clarity by

Arthur S. Maxwell, dean of Bible storytellers. Every page opens to a fullcolor PARENTS value The Bible Story as a powerful

illustration. Stories are written in assistant in the job of character building. Each of the

modern language, short enough to hold 400 Bible stories brings the color and excitement...

the attention of readers of all ages. and all the adventure... in the lives of famous men

r.. the greatest influence and women of Scripture.

for good in the world today. becomes easy to read and understand.

Here are found the important lessons NO'W the whole Bible in living color as appealing in life for your child. as color television

PREVIEW the Entire 10 VOLUME Set

NO COST

or obligation Read about all <h%>\ % 10 volumes of The Bible Story right in your own home.

ONE—The Book of Beginnings

TWO - Mighty Men of Old THREE - Trials and Triumphs FOUR—Heroes and Heroines

FIVE - Great Men of God SIX—Struggles and Victories

SEVEKWonderfulJesus

EIGHT—Prince of Princes

NINEKing of Kings TEN -The Final Victory

ten s'x THE PERFECT GIFT for boys and girls of all ages...

for enjoyment by the whole family.

stories building brings character from you 400 (StF/foD K\ If I will < ever written... IJ ylfiZr the capture Greatest Book LI1 1 \Sj\}\I

and stimulate the growing child's imagination. Fully crossindexed to help you

find ready answers to your child's questions. Written in modern language and

printed in clear, easy to read type. Also available in French, Spanish and German.

NO POSTAGE NEEDED NO OBLIGATION

MAILTHIS CARD TODAYRECEIVE FULL INFORMATION

PARENTS, TEACHERS, JUDGES, DR. MAXWELL RAFFERTY, California State Superintendent of Public

CHURCH AND YOUTH LEADERS, all Instruction says: "I don't care whether a child is destined to be a Jew, Cathoagree: Good books build good character lic, Protestant...or ranting atheist. If he's ever to advance the slightest claim

and help young people to meet successto being an educated man he simply has to be intimately familiar with these fully the realities of life. Just as good faith and hundreds of other sublime stories which are the legendary landmarks

builds strong bodies, so good books build of our whole Western civilization. To go through life ignorant of the great Bible

healthy minds. tales is to hobble hamstrung down a darkened course with blinders on."

Color photos by Marvin Polin Copyright 1967, Los Angeles Times Reprinted with permission

SAVE 10%-BOOK 1 FREE to any purchaser of the complete set. Offer expires 12/31/68.

The Voice of the Church November 1968 Volume 71, Number 11

On the Cover Special Features The translation of the Book of Mor- 2 From the Foot of a High Mountain, President David 0. McKay

mon plates was a task that required a 4 In Consequence of Evils and Designs, Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis

8 The Long Hot Summer of 1912: Thirteen Strips of Rawhide (Part 1),

great deal of concentration and spiritual Karl E. Young

insight from the Prophet Joseph Smith. 14 The Second Witness on Priesthood Succession (Part 3), Dr. Richard

For our cover painting, artist Dale L. Anderson

25 The Strong Arm of Courage, Jay M. Todd

Kilbourn has captured in oils the young, 36 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 6, A Unique Document

concerned Prophet, deep in thought as (Continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

he studies the characters on the plates. 78 Humility Reveals the Heavenly Lights, Lawrence R. Flake

See the article, "Ye Do Err, Not Know82 A Number One Christian, George Durrant

ing the Scriptures,"by Elder Marion D. Special Section

Hanks, beginning on page 51 in the 46 Jesus Christ, Lord of the Universe, Marion G. Romney

special anniversary section on "Some 51 Ye Do Err, Not Knowing the Scriptures, Marion D. Hanks

Fundamental Beliefs of the Church."56 If Any of You Lack Wisdom, Bruce R. McConkie

60 Faith, Boyd K. Packer

64 Repentance, A. Theodore Tuttle

68 Baptism, Paul H. Dunn

72 The Gift of the Holy Ghost, S. Dilworth Young

Regular Features

32 The LDS Scene 86 The Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Who They Really Are, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

88 The Church Moves On 92 Buffs and Rebuffs 96 Today's Family: The Name of the Game Is Thanksgiving, Florence B.

Pinnock 101 These Times: The Harvard Studies of Smoking, Dr. G. Homer Durham

120 End of an Era 11, 78, 81, 83, 84 The Spoken Word, RichJrd L. Evans

Era of Youth 105119 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Poetry 7, 13, 44, 49, 55, 59, 63, 67, 76, 85

DavidEleanorEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditorT. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds.Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirectorL. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price.Editor:StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott.Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon.Todd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Tine Saints, Latterday of of by the Association Superintendent, and Improvement Young Mutual Gefieraf a Christ reserved.Christ Subscription Men'sof of ol 1968,$3.00 Latterday Associations Jesus The Improvement price;price, year, single threeyear year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance; for Mutualmultiple 35 years, Churchyears. a to subscriptions, $5.75; the Allyearof $3.25; 2 succeeding each $2.50Saints.Church rightsJesjsadded 3

issues. special

for mailing in section 1103, at at Office. for Salt special rate of matter. class the Utah, provided postage Lake Acceptance second as City,2. Enteredact July 1918. October Post1917.

for authorizedis paid are for be Manuscripts on acceptance and contributions. not must responsible manuscripts ofImprovement welcomes but

for delivery postage unsolicitedand slip of Address include issue recent the address magazine. from days'noticeby a required ordering please address. change, for of return.When

is included. old well thechange the unless cannot be as as address TfieaccompaniedThirtychanges aone new sufficientEraismade

Officialother agenciesorgan ofof theThe PriesthoodChurch of Quorums,Jesus ChristMutualof LatterdayImprovementSaints.Associations, Home TeachingThe ImprovementCommittee,Era,Music79 Committee.South State, ChurchSalt LakeSchoolCity, System,Utah 84111and

November 1968 The Editor's Page

At theFoot Nearness to an event sometimes tends to minimize its full significance and importance. Today

we look at the momentous discoveries and invenofa tions of the recent past as an observer who, standing at the foot of a high mountain, sees it only in part. Its majestic slopes, towering peaks,

and relative position to surrounding ranges are hidden from vieiv. Yet even our limited vision High

fills us with astonishment. What mighty things

have been accomplished! What mightier possibilities in the future! Who, for example, can

measure the material benefits to society of theMountain computer, the automobile, the airplane, or atoinic energy? Or who can even imagine the ultimate

effect upon the human race of the accomplishments of modernday men and tuomen in medical science?

But none of these things have answered man's greatest need and man's most yearning desire.

Not one has yet revealed that for which man has sought for ages. That need—that everpresent

yearning in man's heart—is to know God and man's

relation to him. The microscope has not revealed

By President him; the telescope has not discovered him;

David O. McKay astronauts and satellites have not penetrated his

abiding place. Only one event, which occurred

nearly a century and a half ago, claims to give to the human soul this answer.

Improvement Era

That event was the appearing of two heavenly mighty significance to mankind that the human beings to the boy prophet Joseph Smith, revealing mind cannot at first believe such an appearance the personal identities of the Eternal Father and possible. But the Prophet's testimony is supported

his Son Jesus Christ. It happened in the spring of by intelligent witnesses whose evidence has never

1820, in answer to the boy's fervent, earnest been refuted. The Church itself, the tangible

prayer. residt of that great revelation, stands as corWe recall this from the Prophet's testimony, roborative if not direct evidence of divine inwhich has been printed in many languages and spiration.

preached in innumerable places throughout the The lives of the Prophet, his brother Hyrum, world: "When the light rested upon me I saw two and millions of others who have accepted the

Personages, whose brightness and glory defy all truth of the great revelation bear evidence that description, standing above me in the air. One of the plan of salvation, as Jesus Christ revealed it,

them spake unto me, calling me by name and said, most assuredly leads toward Christlike character.

pointing to the other—This is My Beloved Son. So real ivas the revelation to the Prophet and

Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) the Patriarch that they unflinchingly sealed their

When the boy Joseph told his neighbors what testimonies with their blood.

he had seen, he was not believed; instead, he was As a contributive factor to man's knowledge of

ridiculed and persecuted. In answer to all oppohis relationship to Deity and of his place in the

sition, he later solemnly declared, "I had actually universe, as a means of establishing proper relaseen a light, and in the midst of that light I saw tionships between men as individiials and groups two Personages, and they did in reality speak to of men as nations, as a revelation pointing the me; and though I was hated and persecuted for way to man's happiness and peace on earth as

saying that I had seen a vision, yet it was true; well as in the eternities to come, the appearance

... I knew it, and I knew that God knew it, and I of the Father and the Son to Joseph Smith—with

could not deny it, neither dared I do it."(Joseph the subsequent restoration of the priesthood and

Smith 2:25.) the establishment of the Church of Jesus Christ

Such testimony, if unsupported, might not merit in its fullness—is to be recognized as one of the

acceptance. Its purport is fraught with such greatest events of all the ages. o

November 1968 I

nstead of reducing the availability commission is attempting

availability,

n i onseqiiene of Evils &Desi8

In 1961 the Cooperative Commission on the Study of AlcohoHsm was established by the National

Institute of Mental Health (U.S.

Department of Health, Education, and Welfare) and given a grant of $1,100,000 to consider the wide range of alcohol problems. Its statistics are accurate, its review of

the problems is interesting, but its conclusions deserve a second look.

Latterday Saints will find them shocking.

The commission's first report appears in a book entitled AlcoJiol

Problems: A Report to the Nation,

from which we quote: "The Commission anticipates that this report

will be the basis for planned and coordinated action to implement its recommendations."But before

we wholeheartedly endorse their report and proceed to implement its recommendations, these recommendations need to be examined.

The report recommends:

Serving alcohol in college social centers and cafeterias.

Page 149: "Colleges could permit

the serving of beer and wine in student social centers and cafeterias...."

Improvement Era

of alcohol, a national Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis of Ogden, Utah, formerly assistant clinical professor

of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Utah, is a practicing gynecologist, bishop of Weber State College Second Ward, and a prominent to increase its national speaker and writer on the effects of alcohol and tobacco.

damns the author.

licenses to places other than bars, Page 9: "Abstinent church groups

such as bowling alleys, winter opposing the sale of alcohol on resorts, and restaurants. This way religiousmoral grounds find themof integrating drinking with other selves working with bootleggers

activities should be encouraged."who oppose the legal sale of alcoFewer restrictions on liquor adverhol because it would put them out

tising. of business."H y Or. Linl bilityPage 147:of liquor"In addition,advertisementsthe desirade- contributeThat abstinenceto problemchurchdrinking.traditions

:-. R. Curtis picting persons in eating situations Page 128: "People brought up in

is clear.... Restaurants and bevtotally abstinent traditions who

K erage advertisers might therefore later take up drinking apparently 1 1 1 collaborate in some of their proare more likely to become problem 1 1 motional materials; certain food drinkers."

producers might also join with the These startling conclusions porbeer or wine industry in advertistend a powerful and systematic

Serving alcohol at college dances. ing campaigns."dHve by drinking interests to

Page 149: "... and alcoholic bevThe report suggests: change America's drinking paterages could also be allowed at That abstainers should have no terns. It is unbelievable that no

dances and other social occasions."voice in guidelines that govern tlie abstinence advocates were apServing alcohol at youth functions practice of drinking. pointed to this commission. Was

organized by churches. Page 143: "Abstainers and 'antithis done to insure better "cooperaPage 151: "Alcohol might be made drinkers'cannot develop the guidetion"?

available... at youth functions lines for drinking; such guidelines It is also interesting to note

such as those organized by church will have to be set by drinkers that none of the alcoholeducation groups."themselves."professionals who emphasize abstiServing alcohol at recreational and That unmarried middleclass women nence were interviewed, and that

athletic events. abstainers who teach school undertheir opinions were not honored in

Page 151; "Alcohol might be made mine effectiveness of alcohol eduthis report.

available... at youth functions cation in the classroom. The report states: "... it is imsuch as... recreational or athletic Page 154: "Classroom teachers, possible to foretell whether the

groups."along with the vast majority of proposed changes would lead to an

Removing age limits for drinkers. Americans, are trapped by the increase or a decrease in the proPage 149: "In principle, all age recultural and emotional conflicts portion of drinkers...."(Page

strictions for alcohol probably surrounding the topic. On the 125.)

should be eliminated, but this whole they are illequipped at "There is, of course, no certainty would probably be too precipitous present to help their students that implementation of such poli- a change. Perhaps during a transiachieve a better understanding of cies would lead to a substantial

tional period, while other changes the issues involved in the use of reduction of problem drinking; yet

are occurring in American drinking alcohol. it is unlikely that they would

patterns, a minimum age of 18 for... The proportion of abstainhave any harmful longrun consepublic drinking or purchase might ers among unmarried middleclass quences."(Page 136.)

be adopted."women is far higher than for the One wonders, then, if the comLicensing more places where famigeneral adult population or even mission members are so uncertain

lies with children frequently visit. for all American women."about the results of their recomPage 147: "Several state liquor The report infers: mendations, why are they justified

control authorities have been issuThat abstinence church groups are in making these sweeping recoming an increasing number of actually loorking with bootleggers. mendations?

November 1968 'Prevention should be a nnajor objective of a national alcohol policy,"the comnnission recommends.

According to all present statiscrease the number of alcoholics by doing; as long as he doesn't drive,

tics, it is very likely that the total increasing the number of drinkers? beat his wife, abuse his family, or

number of drinkers would be inIf we encourage all young people waste money that is sorely needed creased if the commission's recomto drink—even if this is done in the by them.

mendations were to be carried out. home environment—how do we But it should also be the unequivResearch confirms that approxiavoid the apparently unavoidable ocal right of every individual not

mately ten percent of social diink- and unpredictable ten percent of to drink if he so desires, and to be ers are destined to become problem alcoholics in this group? able to live without social pressures

drinkers ( chronic alcoholics ). How, It almost looks as though the that make him feel he must drink

then, can we hope to implement liquor industries had written the in order to be accepted by society.

the recommendations of this report report and then made recommenThe commission said that society and decrease the number of probdations for the remedy. To demonshould teach youth how "to adapt

lem drinkers? strate the concern of the liquor themselves realistically to a preThe commission should be comindustries about the alcohol probdominantly drinking society."But

mended for assembling the statislem, the three major distillers spent it said nothing about how to make tics on the problems of alcohol. roughly $10,000,000 on advertising them feel comfortable as nonAmericans need to be reminded at Christmas time to guarantee a drinkers.

that two out of three adults drink, little "spirit"in the yuletide. In We agree with the commission

and that 40 percent of the Amerieach case, they increased previous report when it states that young can people drink regularly. Relucspending by as much as 30 percent people must be educated about

tantly, we admit that we live in a in order to capture their share of alcohol. They should be told all the

predominantly drinking society, the $2.5 billion yearend liquor facts about alcohol, sanely, unand that we must adjust to this sales. emotionally, and honestly.

fact. Obviously our culture and the Let's give them honest facts, and

social structure of our society have a fair choice. Then let's give them

changed with the atomic age. sincere encouragement to stand by

But as one reads the recommenthat choice even if it be not to dations of this commission, one drink.

cannot help but wonder if the comOne hundred thirtyfive years mission should not have been ago the Lord foresaw this day and satisfied with submitting the sta- M hrough adverwarned his people:

.. In consequence of evils and tistical report and leaving the J||[ tising, movies, ".

recommendations to someone else. television, and other media, alcohol designs which do and will exist in

The report states: "Prevention has become a fake symbol of hospithe hearts of conspiring men in the T

should be a major objective of a tality, yet this does not in any manlast days, I have warned you, and national alcohol policy.,.. Only ner decrease its addictive qualities. forewarn you, by giving unto you

through preventive approaches can While it is true that the oftener one this word of wisdom by revelation.

rates of alcoholism and other types drinks alcohol, the better he may "That inasmuch as any man of problem drinking be substantolerate it, one may also develop a drinketh wine or strong drink tially lowered."We agree. greater desire and even a greater among you, behold it is not good,

One question, however, should need for the drink. To paraphrase, neither meet in the sight of your

be asked of the commission memhe may "first tolerate, then endure, father....

bers: If it is true that about ten and finally embrace.""And, again, strong drinks are

percent of social drinkers will beMuch is said by the liquor innot for the belly...."(D&C 89:

come chronic alcoholics, and if we terests about the "freedom to 4-5,7.)

have no way of determining who drink,"that everyone should have Never has this revelation and will make up these ten percent, a right to drink—as long as he prophecy been more meaningful

then how do they expect to dedoesn't harm someone else by so than it is today. O

Improvement Era

A testimony is a mamjsplendored thing,

Pathing This mortal walk With flagstones of hope.

When circumstances come down on us

Like a thunderstorm.

A testimony Of soughtafter truths, Asked for in faith, nothing wavering,

Makes all fresh, clean, new.

Ordinary things take on deeper meanings;

Adversity becomes a blessing, Every day a ivelcomed challenge;

People become friends, Children of our Heavenly Father,

Brothers and sisters;

Earth sounds become enlightened melodies

That sing from one heart To the responsive chord in another's heart.

A testimony chops mortal darkness

With a hatchet of truth, Cutting through evil with good,

Sparking flashes of eternal lights to help

In logging the way.

A testimony, exercised daily.

Muscles moral strength into the heart and soul of a man;

Slowly, Steadily, A TestimonyAnd with a divine purpose.

It flexes obedience into the sinews of character.

Is a ManySplendored A testimony acquaints us Thing With selfdepths unknown before;

By Mildred Barthel The discovery of selfivorth

Empties our minds of crippling

Burdens of doubt, Frees us to Work with others, Encourage others.

Understand the plight of others.

A testimony is recognition of The Lord's will.

The letting go of self To permit one's life to be lifted

Toward heavenly things:

The knowing of God's guidance, beyond self.

A testimony is action:

Dynamic action of doing the Lord's will,

A personal commitment to living righteously.

November 1968 Thirteen Strips of Rawhide By Karl E. Young

Like most people who fled from their homes in Several days passed before the two were able to go.

Mexico because of fright or a sense of obedience to Then they did something that they regretted: They

the call of the leading Church authority in the area, buckled their cartridge belts tightly around their

Heaton Lunt and his family fretted at being stranded middles, beneath their undershirts, tossed aside the in a refugee camp in El Paso. They were especially scabbards for their pistols, and stuck the guns down

unhappy to have to be fed at government expense under the belts. They could not let the guns bulge in

while crops rotted on the ground or were wastefully any way, because at that time everyone who crossed trampled by untended stock in their own fields at the border into Mexico, even on the streetcars in home. Before leaving the colonies, they had propped Juarez, was searched for smuggled weapons. The

open the chicken house doors, kicked the boards off men knew their lives would not be worth a Mexican the pigpens, turned the calves out to suck their centavo if they were caught, but they took the chance.

mothers, and let down the pasture bars so that feed Heaton's sixshooter had a little flange that swung would be available for any stock that wandered in open to permit the cartridges to be shoved in, and from the hills while they were gone. It was particuby opening that flange, he could push his gun down

larly irksome to know that cattle by the score were inside his belt and hang it on the edge. So he put the

being butchered to feed the revolutionary forces, pistol right down in front. He had been searched

while their rightful owners languished on salmon and often enough when going across the river to know crackers in the tent city in El Paso. that the border officers always ran their hands down

Inevitably, then, when Heaton learned that a group a man's sides and across his back and almost never of Garcia men were planning to go down to their came clear around in front. Now as he faced the guard

colony with the intention of driving ovit a herd of at the gate, he drew in his stomach like a greyhound cattle if they could manage it, he and Bill Haws dethat had been fasting for a week, and he got by withcided to go with them. Their homes were in the out detection.

small community of Corrales, a few miles away from Then his luck changed. Onto the very train that he

Garcia, but their cattle and those of the Garcia men and Bill boarded came marching a full regiment of ran together in the Blue Mountains west of Garcia and federal soldiers, in blue suits and big brass buttons,

Pacheco. It would be a cinch to gather and drive out who were also bound for the garrison in Pearson. The

their cows together. Nevertheless, Heaton and Bill cars were tightly packed, and each soldier had a

could not get away on the morning when the Garcia Mauser rifle, a pistol, and a sword. There were not

men pulled out, so Heaton sent them word that he enough seats to go around, and all day long Heaton and Bill would meet them at Pearson or in the mounand Bill were obliged to compete for seats. Fortains at the Cherry Tree Spring. tunately, the soldiers were continually getting up and

Improvement Era

'.'55.'Oldtimers still tell this tality, which had never been known to fail in the past.

But as it grew dark, Heaton remembered the hermit suspensefilled story. who had recently moved over into the area they were

traversing—an old Baptist preacher and quoter of the

Bible. It would not be so far to his dugout. In the

moonlight they let their animals pick their way along down and jumping off the train at every stop, and a rough hillside until the barking of a dog told them this restlessness gave the boys a chance to get seats. where the old man's dwelling was.

Everyone got off the train for an hour to have He had built a sort of wickiup over the entrance dinner at Sabanal, and this gave the Mormon boys of his dugout by setting up a post and weaving limber a chance to relax a little, but it took all the rest of the sticks around it. He had thatched these over with

day to reach Pearson. Toward evening, however, the long grass, and then he had closed the entrance with

train steamed into Pearson, and Heaton and Bill were a narrow plank door against which he leaned a pole alone at last. They could find no sign of the Garcia from the inside to keep out burros, goats, and stray

men, and they knew they would have to walk to dogs. The dugout boasted no chimney, but a fire was

Colonia Juarez, ten miles away. But what a privismoldering inside, for the men could smell the smoke.

lege after their day of torture! As they drew closer to the hut, the barking became

Shifting their guns to more comfortable positions, more frenzied. Then they could hear the hermit

they set out walking. They wondered if the rebels hushing the animal and loosening the pole against

had got away with the little mule they were dependthe door. He opened it a crack, stuck his head up

ing on to help them get up into the mountains. close, and cried out, "Who's there?"

Heaton's brother Ed had left the mule in a pasture "Heaton Lunt and Bill Haws,"with the Brig Stowell stock. The horses would all be "Thank the Lord! Thank the Lord!"They could

gone, Heaton knew, but neither Mexican nor Amerihear relief as his anxiety subsided. "Come on, come

can soldiers cared much for mules except as pack on, come on in!"he called, pushing the pole aside

animals. Mules were too deliberate, or lacking in and opening the door as wide as it would go. He was

spirit, for a charge, and they would not run fast enough tickled to see these nonrevolutionary neighbors, men for a retreat. who would not be making demands on his slender

Next morning the boys felt that fortune had remeans. Nevertheless, after greetings and first exturned to them with both hands full. Not only was change of news, the visitors looked around hopefully,

the mule still in the pasture, but she was accompanied but they could see no trace of anything he had been by an old bay mare that had been abandoned because subsisting on. When they went outside to stake their

she was completely worn out. This old creature had animals for the night, they wondered what chance

somehow escaped notice for a couple of weeks and there would be for a meal. Things did not look promwas beginning to recuperate when Heaton and Bill ising, but they returned to the shack and listened to

saw her. So now they both had mounts. They borthe old man's stories. His need was to talk, not to

rowed a Mexican saddle with most of the leather listen, and he recounted the struggles he had had gone from the tree, and rigged this on the mule. Then since the Mormons had left.

they cinched a tattered quilt on the mare and were Since it is easy to wake up if one goes to bed withready to go. They set out for the mountain late in out supper, Heaton and Bill woke early the next

the afternoon, taking turns riding the quilt and the morning without much trouble. Heaton looked over

saddle. at the hermit, who was still asleep, and whispered to

To avoid rebels coming down from the high counBill, "Let's roll out of here and go up the river to the try, they bypassed the regular San Diego road, which ranch, where old Anulfo lives. I don't see anything to

they would normally have traveled. The rebels had eat here, and we don't want to embarrass our host.

the mountains under their control, and rode back and Maybe we can get a bite there."

forth with messages and supplies. The old Brown As they rode up the canyon, they began to come

road, which had been abandoned long ago, was in across many small campfires with charred ends of bad shape, with lots of washouts and gullies in it; sticks still smoldering. The ground was covered with

but the boys chose to take it and come into Corrales the prints of many horse hooves, and the evidence was cautiously for fear of rebels. They decided to scout clear that a large troop of men had camped there the

around for a bit first and go to Cave Valley, where night before. Bill wanted to get out of the bottoms

they hoped to find old friends among the natives. They at once, but Heaton said they ought to try to see

were sure that they could count on Mexican hospiAnulfo first and find out what had been going on.

10 Improvement Era When they stopped before Anulfo's door, the old man came out, but he had not a single word of greeting By Richard L. Evans

for them. Instead, he frowned and muttered a The Spoken Word

warning. "You fellows better get out of here as quick as you When I do good can. Six hundred soldiers left this place only a few

minutes ago."% A /e still remember the voice saying most

He did not ask them if they would get down off \/\ /simply and sincerely: "A sweet feeling

I do the things their animals and come in for a moment, nor if they V V comes into my heart when were hungry. He was almost ashen with fright and I know are right."Since the universe is run by law,

voiced his fears once again. "If one of those rebels since nature lives by law, since all the physical

should come riding back here for something he has environment of man, all he makes, and all results forgotten, you would be shot as sure as the world. are realized by law, there is no reason to suppose

The best thing for you to do is just get on out of here that the wellbeing of the mind and spirit of man as fast as you can travel."are not also subject to the laws of life. There is an

Heaton knew that Anulfo was right. While it was inner sense, an inner action, a result realized by the

hard to go on, perhaps the best favor Anulfo could laws of right and wrong. A clean man has a sense

do for them would be to hustle them up into the of peace and selfrespect; an unclean man does not.

hills off the main road. It was a discouraging thought, A fair man has a sense of assurance and acceptance;

but suddenly Heaton recalled a cache on Scout Peak. an unfair man does not. A kind man has a sense

"Bill, do you remember the cache that the men of wellbeing with himself and others; an unkind

made up on the mountain above Pacheco before they man does not. A kind man has a sense of wellbeing

pulled out for the border?"with himself and others; an unkind man punishes

"Yes, but that's ten miles from here."himself as he punishes others. A truthful man

"Right, and uphill all the way, clear to the very doesn't have so much difficulty in remembering end,"he replied. "But I think it's our only move what he said; an untruthful man may have much

now, so let's go."difficulty in trying to remember what he said. Call

They left Anulfo and started to climb the mountain it conscience, call it right or wrong, call it a Codto the high peak. A thousand pounds of flour and given inner sense, or whatever you will, but there

other supplies had been piled in a brushy spot on the are responses, results, by laws kept, by laws broken, shady side of the mountain when the colonists from in the physical, mental, spiritual makeup of men.

Pacheco decided that they were overloaded for their True, men's thinking is conditioned by what they flight to the border in early August. They had covhave been taught, by harsh or gentle circumstances,

ered their cache with pieces of heavy canvas and by those they deal with, by the honor or dishonor then placed stones around the edges to keep varmints of others, by what may sometimes be considered out. Perhaps the food would still be there. It was necessity—and yet, in the overall, irrevocable law is

it seems,unlikely that rebels would be wandering around so endlessly operative. And simple though

high in the mountains. and naive, some would suppose, to say so, yet

is Hours later the two men with their sorebacked sincerely as we seek to be and do better, there mule and old mare found the cache. Wolves had peace of mind, refinement of soul. Yet if we seek to

torn the canvas on the upper side and let in the rain, take advantage of others, to live against the comso most of the provisions had become moldy. Yet mandments, the virtues, the timehonored morals,

we fight and quarrel with ourselves inside, andHeaton dug into the flour and found a part of it that all ofwas not too bad. He and Bill laid out their bandana coarsen ourselves and become less kind—

which seems summarized in this sentence fromhandkerchiefs and filled them with the best of this.

Lincoln: I feel Abraham good, good. I do "When flour nothing else to carry in, and nothing They had

feel I don't do good, Despite good."When I don't that later. solved to Heatonin But cook it which

all variations, explanations, arguments and always of Mill the led over to headproblem. the way He

it forever, is sincerely that simple; and I do "When his was ranch the of which bottom ownCanyon, at

I good, I feel good. I don't don't do good, When

located. Near the head of the canyon the waters had feel good."

run over a structure of white, chalky rock in which a myriad of potholes had been hollowed out. Here * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,

they found clean, smooth holes, recently gouged out presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System September 8. 1968. '1968.

by rain water, and in one of these they mixed their

November 1968 11 flour and water. While Heaton kneaded the dough,

Bill found a cedar log and built a fire against the rocks, which were soon hot enough to bake the bread. Then, since both of them were old hands

at slapping out tortillas, they soon were in business, and without benefit of salt or other such culinary frills, they baked and ate up their flour. Then they

looked at each other and laughed. Two handkerchiefs do not hold much flour.

"Let's go down the creek to the ranch,"Heaton said.

It was about six miles down the winding canyon to the old Corrales ranch, Heaton's home acres. As

they rode, Heaton thought aloud: "If those rebels are

camped around my place, I'm going down there after dark, regardless of what happens. The creek flows

quite close past the house, and I think I can sneak down through the willows and whistle out old Tirbucio and get him to tell us what's going on."From

up on the mountain it all seemed so very easy.

After an hour or more of riding, they drew near the mouth of the canyon, and Heaton led the way from the trail to a thick grove of cedars, where they could hide their horse and mule while they crept down to the edge of the fields, from which they could get a view of the houses and lanes of the little community of Corrales. The upper part of the fields was planted

to corn. About halfway down the long, sloping side

of the little valley was a cane patch, where the Lunts raised sugar cane for their molasses mill. Below the

cane, corn rows ran again right down to the corrals and outbuildings of the Lunt ranch.

Heaton made a hungry man's suggestion. "I could

eat almost anything. What do you say we creep

down to the cane patch and chew on some stalks for dessert?"They sneaked through the spindly stalks of the low mountain corn until they reached the taller and thicker cane patch, where they cut and peeled stalks, which had never tasted so juicy and sweet. Then, as

they reached the bottom edge of the cane to look out over the lower corn fields, their hearts fell. Heaton's

ranch—the whole valley—was crawling with soldiers.

The sun was already dipping behind the curve of the mountain, and 600 men were beginning to prepare supper at scores of little campfires up and down the bottom lands.

"You know whose beef those fellows are roasting down there right now, don't you?"Heaton asked.

"I'll bet I've got a branding iron that would make marks just like the ones on the hides they skinned off today,"answered Bill.

"And look at all those horses in my com field."

Heaton scanned the rows, where swarming horses were hungrily chomping on the ears of partially

Improvement Era

matured corn. "It makes you mad enough to want swale and saw a man sitting on a black mule, peering

to pull your old sixshooter out and empty it into them. down into the valley from behind a big pine tree. It

It just makes your blood boil."was Harl Johnson, who had been in Pearson on the

The two men had crept down as far as they dared same day as Heaton and Bill. He, too, was planning

into the lower edge of the cane patch and were lying to go back up to Colonia Pacheco, where his home there chewing cane within two rows from where the was, in order to judge for himself whether it would be corn started growing again. Suddenly they heard the possible to return there to live again. The three men

cracking of corn stalks and the trample of hooves. had talked earlier about joining to make the trip, but

They half rose to see what was the cause and abruptly Harl, in his characteristic, independent way, had disfell flat on their stomachs. A soldier with a big sword covered reasons why he could not go at once, and they

hanging at his middle and a long Mauser rifle flopping had not seen each other again until now. Heaton and

on the side was riding toward them in hot pursuit of Bill had subconsciously avoided talking about Harl, a black mule. He was leaning forward with his rope, but each of them had thought about him privately

trying to gain one more foot before making his cast, and worried for fear he had fallen into rebel hands.

and the mule passed within three rows of corn from They knew he had intended to take the regular San where the watchers lay. All three creatures were Diego road. How could he have avoided being capstraining so hard—the mule to get away, the man and tured? Yet there he was, independent and free as

the horse to catch it—that none of them noticed the ever.

prone figures as they galloped by. Both men were They saw Harl before he saw them and were so

lying as close to the earth and as still as they could, elated that they forgot about caution and stepped out as the chase went by. into the open and swung their hats to catch his

"Let's get out of here!"said Heaton. "That mule attention.

might circle around and come right back over us."Harl, glancing over his shoulder and seeing the

They jumped to their feet and made a crouching run waving hats, almost forgot himself and yelled. With

back up through the cane patch. flailing arms and legs, he urged his mule across the

"I got one thing out of that besides a scare,"said swale and joined the two colonists. They jumped

Heaton, as he untied his horse. "I'm sure I am not off their animals and hugged each other, laughing

going down after dark to call my old Mexican out of and congratulating one another on their luck.

the house. No telling how many officers would be "Well, come on, boys,"Harl said. "We'll be all right

inside."now. I've got a pack horse up the country a ways

He mounted and was on the point of turning to here. Let's go and get a bite to eat and have a sleep

ride off when he looked over to the south end of the in some real quilts tonight."(To be continued)

A Learning Time

By Val Camenish Wilcox

"You haven't even changed your school clothes yet,

And didn't you promise to feed your own pet?"

He sat upon the step in rapt repose;

Hearing, he roused and lankily rose.

This teenage child, two steps removed from birth,

Confided, "I was listening to the earth."

Please help me tongue to hold, patience preserve;

Both dreams and reality must be served.

Before I spoil a young soul's feast with food,

Intuitively, let me sense his mood;

Let me allow him time, do my full part,

To help him delve deep impulses of heart.

November 1968 13 THE econd jitness OSI PRIESTHOOD SUCCESSIOIV <. f"

By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

Joseph Smith and OHver CowOliver Cowdery stood next to the ing the crucial first years of their dery are the two witnesses who Prophet in putting into effect the administration. His personal view

testified that angels visited them whole system of priesthood offices of the position of the Council of and conferred priesthood authority and leadership and outlived Joseph the Twelve is of utmost importance to establish Christ's latterday Smith by nearly six years. He should for the simple reason that all sucChurch. Both had strong convictherefore have been in a unique cession controversy from the time

tions that this movement would be position to know the will of the of Joseph Smith's death presents worldwide and would outlast their Lord concerning a successor to the basic question of whether the mortal lives. Joseph Smith was an Joseph Smith as President of the Twelve should preside as the higheffective organizer as well as an Church. est ranking priesthood body after

inspired leader and would be exWhat is lacking in most discusthe First Presidency or whether pected to arrange for the continusions of LDS succession is a presenthe interest of some individual ation of the executive power of the tation of the progressive quality of supersedes their organizational

Church with some precision. Joseph Smith's revelations. As the priority.

After the Prophet's martyrdom Church grew, arrangements were The restored Church had formalin 1844, Brigham Young, as the altered and modified until some ly functioned for almost five years

President of the Twelve Apostles, level of organizational stability was before the appointment of the moved decisively as the leader of reached. Because Oliver Cowdery Council of the Twelve in February

the Church, insisting that because could rightly call himself "the 1835. A revelation that they rethis group held "the keys of the oldest member of the Church"in quested specifically defined their

priesthood,"they were "as the 1848,- he had participated in highauthority as a body "equal in auFirst Presidency of the Church."level councils in the early transithority and power"to the First

Their authority to lead was aptional period. Furthermore, as a Presidency and ranked them next

proved, without serious dissent, by key administrator, he played a after the First Presidency, to whom an official meeting of thousands chief role in helping select and they were solely responsible. It is

of Latterday Saints who had heard ordain the twelve apostles. It clear that this appointment worked

Joseph Smith's public views for was Oliver Cowdery who first out- a major revolution in Church govyears. Although dissident LDS lined their calling and appointment ernment. The previously highest

movements allege that Joseph in formal speeches to them. Conbody in leadership after the PresiSmith had some alternative plan of sequently, he should have known dency had been the Kirtland high

succession, the crucial views of the what limitations were intended council, and Joseph Smith firmly second witness to priesthood restoupon their authority at the beginsubordinated that group to the ration have largely been unknown. ning of their appointment and durnewly appointed Twelve, revealing

14 Improvement Era that the high council did not have tion of Zion's Camp into hostile effected with Oliver Cowdery, who the right to review decisions of the sections of Missouri to defend Moron December 5, 1834, was ordained

Twelve, who "were accountable mon rights there. After arrival a "an assistant President of the high

only to the General Council of the conference was called in July 1834, and holy priesthood in the Church authorities of the whole Church, during which Joseph Smith named of the Latter Day Saints."* Of

according to the revelations.""* and ordained David Whitmer as particular significance is the extant

In public meetings after the aphis successor. Early Church minminute book in the handwriting of

pointment of the Twelve, their utes relate the Prophet's explanaOliver Cowdery explaining that position was consistently defined as tion that the ordination "was on this ordination took place in fulsuperior to all but Joseph Smith's. conditions that he did not live to fillment of the promise "made by

The Kirtland minute book of one God himself."The most detailed the Angel while in company with

such meeting quotes the Prophet as reminiscence of this event was President Smith, at the time they follows: "He next proceeded to exsigned in 1847 by three particireceived the office of the lesser

plain the subject of the duty of the pants: priesthood. "In other words,

Twelve, and their authority, which "And while the conference was Cowdery wrote into the official is next to that of the First Presiin session, Joseph Smith presiding, record that he was resuming his dency.... And furthermore he he arose and said that the time had right to preside in accordance with

observed that the Twelve are not come when he must appoint his the promises and powers of the subject to any other authority in the successor in office. Some have restoration of the priesthood by

Church except the First Presisupposed that it would be Oliver divine messenger.

dency...."Cowdery; but, said he, Oliver has From the first days of the orSince the appointment of the lost that privilege in consequence ganization of the Restored Church,

Twelve was obviously a major adof transgression. The Lord has Oliver Cowdery had been given

ministrative change, one must face made it known to me that David second status to the Prophet in the its consequences on the succession Whitmer is the man. David was revelations. After the above ordiissue. Since Joseph Smith effecthen called forward, and Joseph nation he is formally titled "second

tively altered all priesthood arand his counsellors laid hands upon elder,"all the more remarkable berangements by ranking the Twelve him, and ordained him to his stacause this interposed him between immediately after himself in pretion, to succeed him. Joseph then Joseph Smith and his existing counsiding authority, there is every gave David a charge, in the hearing selors.*- Official documents therereason to think that he intended to of the whole assembly. Joseph after list him next to Joseph Smith

modify former succession arrangethen seemed to rejoice that that in the ranking of individuals in the ments. work was done, and said, now First Presidency. Oliver Cowdery's

At this point, prior systems of brethren, if anything should befall own explanation just alluded to replacing the President of the me, the work of God will roll on stresses this status:

Church must be looked at carewith more power than it has hither- "The office of Assistant President fully, for Oliver Cowdery is to done. Then brethren, you will is to assist in presiding over the

prominently named in each of have a man who can lead you as whole Church, and to officiate in them. Two revelations mention well as I can. He will be Prophet, the absence of the President, acJoseph Smith's power to appoint Seer, Revelator, and Translator cording to his rank and appointhis successor, but it is remarkable before God."ment, viz: President Cowdery, first;

that every revelation of this type President Rigdon second, and antedates the appointment of the President Williams third, as they

Twelve. Since some succession were severally called."

arrangements in this period cerThe minutes not only explain tainly are provisional, it is virtually that this ordination was delayed certain that the early revelations Ithough the because of his absence in Missouri, only reflect a temporary system in above event but also record a revelation comstressing Joseph Smith's power "to is firmly established, the intention manding the Church leaders to be appoint another in his stead."'of Joseph Smith seems to have been more correct in "rendering unto

The main illustration of adaptamore limited than the recollection every man the respect due the tion to circumstances comes in the indicates. Within six months of office, calling, and priesthood

situation of danger that Joseph the conditional ordination of David whereunto I, the Lord have apSmith faced in leading the expediWhitmer, a firm reconciliation was pointed and ordained you.""This

November 1968 15 The author explores the question of priesthood ferring to this specific office, authority following the Prophet's death—presiding:Cowdery defined"The virtuehis ofauthoritythe abovein

and finds sonne stirring conclusions. priesthoodkeys of the Kingdom[office] isoftoHeaven,hold theor

the Church militant."- And the

criticism evidently applied to the my name"in order to "bear the Second Elder considered both aulack of open recognition of Cowkeys of your ministry."Joseph thority and keys so important that

dery's unique position of sharing Smith and Oliver Cowdery were while recording the blessings of the priesthood powers with Joseph given "the keys of my kingdom, Prophet, he inserted an explanaSmith by virtue of being present and a dispensation of the Gospel tion that Joseph's presiding authorat the occasions of priesthood for the last time...."'ity was superior to the patriarchal

restoration. The formal statements of the authority of his father:

The logic of reappointing Oliver two witnesses of priesthood restora- "For although his Father laid

Cowdery as the second priesthood tion stress "keys"equally with hands upon, and blessed the fatherofficer can be seen through the priesthood, so it is evident that no less... he was not the first elder,

descriptions of powers that the two one can claim valid Church leaderbecause God called upon his son witnesses received from the heavship without having both. The Joseph, and ordained him to this

enly messengers who restored term "keys"is used so frequently in power and delivered to him the keys priesthood authority to them. On the writings of Joseph Smith and of the kingdom, that is, of authorseven recorded public occasions JoOliver Cowdery that there is no ity and spiritual blessings upon the

seph Smith referred to these events doubt concerning what they meant Church, and through him the Lord and never once described priestby it. For instance, the revelarevealed his will to the Church."--

hood restoration without stressing tions through Joseph Smith conOliver Cowdery's own analysis of that "keys"were given to him and sistently equate "keys of authority"priesthood, therefore, insists that

Oliver Cowdery.'The identical with the "right of presidency."""the holder of the keys of the priestterm is prominent in the recollecThe "keys of the kingdom"are the hood outranks all other authority in

tions of the Second Witness. For specific prerogative of the "Presithe Church, including patriarchal

instance, the autographed statedency of the High Priesthood.""priesthood.

ment given to Samuel W. Richards In his personal teachings to the Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowthe year before Oliver Cowdery's Latterday Saints, Joseph Smith dery were the only persons who

death attested that he was present insisted repeatedly that no one initially held the keys or leadership at the following events: "Jot* e could claim a revelation "to receive powers in the Church. Even though

Baptist, holding the keys of the instruction for those in authority, the revelations subordinate Oliver

Aaronic priesthood; Peter, James, higher than themselves,"because Cowdery to Joseph Smith in the use

and John, holding the keys of the "the fundamental principles, govof such keys or presidency, Oliver

Melchizedek priesthood, have also ernment, and doctrine of the Cowdery appears as sharing in the ministered for those who shall be Church are vested in the keys of presiding power of the priesthood heirs of salvation, and with these the kingdom."-''system of strong executive power

ministrations ordained men to the marked by subtle checks and balsame Priesthoods."ances.

Oliver Cowdery edited the KirtThe earliest period of Mormon land edition of the Doctrine and organization presents a duality of

Covenants and subscribed his name leadership, a system that basically in the preface after Joseph Smith liver Cowdery continued until the choice of the in certifying the truth of the revenever used the Twelve in 1835. The apostles are

lations. Consequently he virtually term in any other sense. He drafted the only others besides Joseph

joined with the Prophet in indithe history of his appointment as Smith and Oliver Cowdery who are cating the nature of authority recounselor ranking next to Joseph spoken of officially as having the ceived from Peter, James, and Smith by inserting in the record keys or rights of presidency, as

John, as described in that book. book an explanation "for the speindicated by their unrestricted

Through these apostles the Prophet cial benefit of the reader"to clarify charter of authority outlined in and his associate were ordained "the office of Assistant President of 1837:

"apostles and especial witnesses of the High and Holy Priesthood."Re- "For unto you, the Twelve, and

16 Improvement Era those, the First Presidency, who clear enough that both men held with so much kindness of a man are appointed with you to be your the office of joint presidency with that had so wronged him as Smitli counselors and your leaders, is the the Prophet and not merely the had. It elevated him greatly in

power of this priesthood given, for powers of counselorship. The immy already high esteem, and

... the dispensation of the fulness plications in Church history are proved to me more than ever the

of times.... that rights of succession to the nobility of his nature."-"

"For verily I say unto you, the presidency followed that particular Cowdery's private corresponkeys of the dispensation, which ye office. As certain as Brigham dence in this period expresses

have received, have come down Young was of the right of succomplete cooperation with the from the fathers, and last of all, cession of the Twelve, he nevertheleadership and plans of the Twelve.

being sent down from heaven unto less stated: "Did Joseph ordain any It reveals not only a firm faith in

you. - man to take his place? He did. the truth of the restoration, but

The foregoing reference to divine Who was it? It was Hyrum, but also a continued hope that his perappointment uses the language of Hyrum fell a martyr before Joseph sonal integrity will be publicly

keys in a way only theretofore used did."-'Instead of referring to any acknowledged by the Church, since

of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowadditional ordination, this statesome of its members had leveled dery. Thus the question seriously ment probably alludes to the rights unsupported charges of dishonesty

arises whether the position of secinherent in Hyrum Smith's coat Oliver Cowdery in connection ond elder was really a temporary presidency of the Church. If the with his excommunication.

system, never intended to be peroffice that Oliver Cowdery once Before Oliver's reconciliation petuated as a method of succesheld was of this scope, it is no was completely effected, the dission. The extraordinary relationwonder that he seriously considered senter and erstwhile apostle, Wilship that the Prophet had with his himself as holding the right to liam E. McLellin, promoted a new

brother Hyrum caused him to presidency upon the death of movement by openly flattering all transfer Oliver Cowdery's powers Joseph Smith. of the surviving witnesses of the

after the latter's excommunication Book of Mormon. Publicly reprefrom the Church, but it is doubtful senting them as "injured men,"

whether the office of second elder McLellin for a short time united all then served a significant function of the six remaining witnesses to in Church organization. Neverthehis cause except Oliver Cowdery.

less, the powers described as The persistent McLellin traveled transferred to Hyrum Smith are the forto Oliver Cowdery's Wisconsin Although unrestricted: mer second elder home, after which the former sec-

"I appoint unto him, that he may left the Church in 1838 in personal ond elder wrote a letter to David be a prophet, and a seer, and a conflict with the Prophet, the Whitmer giving him a private and revelator unto my Church, as well assassination at Carthage Jail six candid appraisal of this conversaas my servant Joseph, that he may years later came as a severe shock tion. This letter was evidently

act in concert also, with my servant to him. The most detailed evigiven to McLellin, who withJoseph, and that he shall receive dence for this conclusion is an out authorization printed it in his

council from my servant Joseph, apparently genuine letter from publication The Ensign of Liberty, who shall shew unto him the keys, Cowdery's former law associate, thus leaving an important record whereby he may ask and receive, Wilham Lang, who with considerof Oliver Cowdery's true feelings and be crowned with the same able antiMormon bias recalled the about the priesthood while out of blessings. I crown upon his head, day on which the news of the the Church.

the bishopric, and blessing, and martyrdom reached Cowdery: Although he appreciates McLelglory, and honor, and priesthood, "Smith was killed while Cowdery lin's work in vindicating the repuand gifts of the priesthood, that lived here. I well remember the eftation of the witnesses, Oliver

once were put upon him that was fect upon his countenance when he Cowdery nevertheless feels strongly my servant Oliver Cowdery."* 'read the news in my presence. He that no one has a right to assume

Since this revelation released immediately took the paper over to Church leadership without a direct

Hyrum Smith as a counselor in the his house to read to his wife. On his call from God, an attitude certainly

First Presidency before appointreturn to the office we had a long consistent with the experience of ing him to the office previously conversation on the subject, and I one who had not assumed priestheld by Oliver Cowdery, it is was surprised to hear him speak hood but had received it by direct

November 1968 17 them Elijah, who said, "Therefore, the keys of this dispensation are committed into your hands...."

Since the Twelve had received the picture l<nown is the earliestThis

Presikeys of the Melchizedek Priesthood First of tiieof members dency and Council of the Twelve at Kirtland but left individual testiof after the deathApostles Joseph monies that Joseph Smith gave picture, This 1844.Smith in

printed in Liverpool, England, in them further keys at Nauvoo, the persons: the following shows1853

C. Kimball, Young, source of these further powers must BrighamHeber

and Willard Richards, First Presibe the Kirtland visitations that only

Parley Hyde, Orsondency; P. Pratt, Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery Pratt, Woodruff. WilfordOrson

John Taylor, George A. Smith, received. Consequently, in Oliver

Ezra T. Benson, Lyman,Amasa

Lorenzo C. Rich, Snow, Cowdery's ignorance of what theCharles

Erastus Snow, and Franklin D. Prophet had specifically given the

Richards of the Council of Twelve. 0000 Twelve in Nauvoo, he had some

revelation. He envisions a period we not be permitted to act in that reason to take the position that he

in which Sidney Rigdon and James authority, that we confer them upon still held special keys at the death

J. Strang would be exposed as some man or men, whom God may of Joseph Smith.

false shepherds. As to the Twelve, appoint, that this priesthood be not Speculation aside, Oliver Cowhe is not convinced of their right taken again from the earth till the dery submitted himself to the

to lead permanently, but acknowlearth be sanctified. I want to see jurisdiction of the Twelve Apostles

edges their interim leadership in you much on this great matter."-'as Joseph Smith's successors. Esdoing what necessity dictated. The This letter goes far to show that corted by his brotherin-law

main point of the letter is to raise the restoration of the priesthood Phineas Young, Oliver arrived at the issue of the keys of priesthood was a real experience in Oliver Kanesville October 21, 1848, and leadership. Joseph Smith was Cowdery's life. In this private terminated his decade of estrangerightly placed at the head, but communication his only concern is ment with an impressive public

was "meanly and unlawfully murto perpetuate it, and he speaks with speech. It is common knowledge

dered."It is clear that Oliver a modesty characteristic of a man that he then reiterated his testiCowdery considers no one a proper who never used his claim of divine mony of the Book of Mormon and

leader who does not have the keys. ordination to elevate himself. If powerfully stressed the reality of

He writes to David Whitmer as he considers the right to presidency the heavenly manifestations in the one who shares such keys. The of himself and David Whitmer restoration of tlie priesthood. The

question is plainly not aspiring to above that of the Twelve, both confidential and official report of position, but what to do with their men were in an earlier era conthis event to the First Presidency burden of responsibility: sidered logical successors and were adds that Cowdery also emphasized

"Now whether the Lord will call given ordinations commensurate on this occasion that "the priestus again publicly or not to work in with that status. Since the three hood was with this people, and the

his great cause, is not known to witnesses had chosen and ordained 'Twelve'were the only men that me; nor does it particularly matter: the apostles (with second ordinacould lead the Church after the

for when once the imputation is tions under the hands of Joseph death of Joseph, and that every wiped away, our names will shine Smith), perhaps there was a man that wished to do right would in his holy kingdom on earth, when tendency for the three men to look follow the main channel of the that kingdom is once built up—upon their position as superior to stream."-"

whether we live to see it or not. On the Twelve. Oliver Cowdery had Oliver Cowdery's next step was

this great subject I want to see further grounds for considering that to consult privately with Orson you much. True it is that our right he had keys of authority superior Hyde and George A. Smith of the

gives us the HEAD. It is no matto the Twelve, inasmuch as about regional presidency. At this point

ter of pride with me, but an a year after the apostles'appointthe unintended publication of the anxious desire to do all that the ment he and Joseph Smith had succession letter to David Whitmer

Lord may require of us. We may shared in the restoration of special was an embarrassment to him. The

not live to see the day, but loe have powers through the personal apKanesville presidency determined the authority, AND DO HOLD pearance of the Savior and certain that he "had not come for place

THE KEYS. It is important, should Old Testament prophets, among or office"and obtained his ex18 Improvement Era

planations "in relation to the letter his sentiments at the time it was which he had received through his which appeared in the Ensign of written, as it was to a confidential administration.'"Contemporary

Liberty."-"George A. Smith wrote friend. Brother Oliver replied, evidence supports this recollection

at the time of this interview, "He 'When I wrote that letter I did not In a letter written the month after said that Joseph Smith had fulknow of the revelation which says, Oliver Cowdery died, Phineas filled his mission faithfully before that the keys and power conferred Young reported the event to his

God until death."Satisfying upon me, were taken from me and brother Brigham as follows:

themselves concerning Oliver Cowplaced upon the head of Hyrum "O. Cowdery is dead. His last

dery's honest motives in returning, Smith, and it was that revelation testimony will never be forgotten the presidency requested him to which changed my views on this by many. He said to his friend,

appear at the next high council subject. I have not come to seek [there] was no salvation but in the

meeting. place, nor to interfere with the valley and through the priesthood

business and calling of those men there."

who have borne the burden since The last known letter of Oliver the death of Joseph. I throw myCowdery expressed similar convicself at your feet, and wish to betions. It revealed a warm fellowship

come one of your number, and be a with "the good brethren of the onsideration mere member of the Church, and valley"and a desire to follow their of the return my mere asking to be baptized is direction in his church service."

of the former second elder was no an end to all pretensions to ausmall event at Kanesville. The thority.'"

high priests met in joint session The logic of Oliver Cowdery's with the high council, and the change of position is evident. He

clerks of both bodies kept detailed consistently accepted the authority minutes. In addition, a third offiof Joseph Smith's calling but concial report was evidently kept, besidered his own second only to the liver Cowdery

cause the Kanesville presidency Prophet's. Learning that further died with the

submitted a report to the First revelation had terminated the keys conviction that "the Twelve were

Presidency the following spring, of leadership he once shared jointly the only men that could lead the containing many details found in with Joseph Smith, he then looked Church after the death of Joseph."

no other source. This record disto the only person or body in the In his priesthood analysis, he

closes most fully Oliver Cowdery's Church that next held these keys, stressed that valid priesthood reasons for following the leaderthe Twelve, He therefore acknowlleadership of the Church could not ship of the Twelve: edged the "calling of those men be exercised without valid keys.

"Councilor William Snow, Presiwho have borne the burden since There is a complete correlation bedent of the High Priest Quorum, the death of Joseph."tween Joseph Smith's public statewished some explanations in relaOliver Cowdery lived one year ments, Oliver Cowdery's private

tion to certain items which appear and a third after his rebaptism, and statements, and Brigham Young's in a letter over the signature of in this period he consistently exexplanations, both in their doctrine

Oliver Cowdery, in relation to himpressed support of the Twelve as of priesthood succession and in the self and David Whitmer; and the proper priesthood leaders. His specific vocabulary of the keys.'

named the following: True it is our deathbed testimony was not reThe explanations of all others who

right gives us the head; We stricted to comments on the Book have claimed counterauthority to

have the authority and do hold the of Mormon. Phineas Young, his the Twelve sound empty for the

keys.'He [Oliver] stated that this brotherin-law, was present at the specific reason that they fail to

was a private letter to his brotherend. A decade later Elder Young use the same analysis of the probin-law David Whitmer, and never was evidently interviewed conlem and the terminology that

was intended for the public eye, cerning Cowdery's final conviccharacterized both of the witnesses and was printed without his contions. The Deseret News reported, to priesthood restoration, Joseph

sent and knowledge; and since that "Elder Young says, 'His last Smith and Oliver Cowdery.

time has changed his views on the moments were spent in bearing Objectively, the public and prisubject. President Snow inquired testimony of the truth of the gospel vate records of the Church before

what had produced that change, as revealed through Joseph Smith and Joseph Smith's death say a great he presumed the letter contained the power of the Holy Priesthood, deal about the Twelve Apostles

November 1968 19 holding the keys of authority put into operation, for there is no councils of Church leadership and even on the death of a President mention whatsoever of a system of a decade as a skilled attorney over the Church, but nothing as to family succession of presidency in serving on public boards produced any individual holding such keys the official reports and publications an informed insight into the creaexcept Oliver Cowdery and Hyrum of the Church in his lifetime. tion and continuity of governing

Smith, whose tenure in retrospect Assuming the reality of the appowers. The most impressive

seems a holdover of an earlier and pearances of ancient priesthood spiritual and practical experiences temporary method of succession.'leaders to Joseph Smith and Oliver merge in Oliver Cowdery's convicIf Joseph Smith expressed the unCowdery, one must acknowledge tion: that the powers of leadership

derstandably deep desires of a Oliver Cowdery's special informarestored by divine messengers confather for the success of his sons tion about the nature of the priesttinued without interruption with in the priesthood, that must be hood and prophetic vision as to the apostles originally ordained clearly distinguished from the sysits future, which he claimed. Long under his hands. O

tem of authority that he actually practical experience in the key (To be continued)

FOOTNOTES

IB. H. Roberts (ed.), History of the Church '''See the listing of these in Richard Lloyd context emphasizes the keys and powers of

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints ( Salt Lake Anderson, "The Second Witness of Priesthood leadership held by an apostle. Journal of DisCity, 1932), commonly called Documentary Restoration,"The Improvement Era, Vol. 71 cmmes. Vol. 6 (Liverpool, 1859), p. 320

History of the Church, Vol. 7, p. 233. Brigham (September 1968), pp. 15ff. The reference in (speech of April 7, 1852).

Young not only claimed the legal right to lead, DHC, Vol. 3, p. 387, is in a priesthood dis2SD&C 110:16; a copy that is clearly of Kirtbut also spoke with authority: "You must not course whose main point is tracing the succesland date appears in the Journal of Joseph

appoint any man at our head; if you should, sion of keys. Joseph Smith's blessings upon Smith, 18351836, pp. 19293, Church Histhe Twelve must ordain him."The Church Oliver Cowdery, in which he refers to priesttorian's Office.

Historian's Office possesses the original minhood restoration, contain emphatic and reReport to the First Presidency by Orson ofutes taken. the keys mention held. Hyde, Smith, Ezra T. Benson, peated the from he and Oliver which George and A. was DHC text

Kanesville, of April to Letter Oliver in Also "Statement of 5, 1849. Phineas cited Oliver to Samuel Junius Young, Cowdery Cowdery

Elkhorn, Wisconsin, April 16, 1848, cited in W. Richards, January 13, 1849, evidently first F. Wells, "Oliver Cowdery,"The Improvement

Stanlev R. Gunn, Oliver Coiodcry (Salt Lake printed in Dcserct News. March 21, 1884. Era, Vol. 14, No. 5 (March 1911), pp. 39394.

City: Bookcr.aft, 1962), p. 257. I'D&C 27:8, 1213 (50:2-3, 1835 ed.). mbid.

Doctrine and Covenants 107:2324, 28, 33 iD&C 68:17 (22:2, 1835 ed.); cf. D&C siLetter of George A. Smith to Orson Pratt,

(3:1112, 1835 ed.). 28:6-7 (Book of Commandments 30:6). Council Bluffs, October 20 and 31, 1848. Also

*DHC, Vol. 2, p. 285, September 28, 1835. iD&C 81:2 (79:1, 1835 ed.). cited in Millennial Star, Vol. 2 (January 1,

Historian's Office Book Al, p. 182; meeting Letter of Joseph Smith, Jr., to a brother of 1849), p. 14.

of the First Presidency and Council of the Jared Carter, April 13, 1833. Also cited in -Reference at note 29.

Twelve January 16, 1836. DHC, Vol. 1, p. 338. With exception of the Deseret News, April 13, 1859, p. 48.

D&C 43:4 (February 1831) and 90:3-4 singular verb, the quot'tion is identical in the *Letter of Phineas Young to Brigham Young,

(March 3, 1833); cf. 28:7 (September 1830) Joseph Smith Letter Book, Church Historian's Kanesville, April 25, 1850, on file in Church

and 35:18 (December 1830). Office. Historian's Office. Also cited in Junius Wells,

This quotation from the revelation of Febru- -'Reference at note 13; cf. note 11. op. cit., p. 394.

ary 1831 is the only clear statement of the "Church Historian's Patriarchal Blessing Letter of Oliver Cowdery to Phineas Young,

Prophet's(Book of rightCommandmentsto name a 45:4).successor. D&C 43:4 ingBookBook1, pp.2, pp.8-9, 1415,copied entryinto Patriarchalof DecemberBless18, Richmond,R. Gunn, op.Missouri,cit., pp.undated,26061.citedInternalin Stanleyevi-

*Far West Record, p. 108. Also cited in 1833. dence makes a date of September 1849 virtually

DHC, Vol. 3, p. 32. 23D&C 112:30, 32 (104:12, 1844 ed.). certain. Oliver Cowdery died within six months

'Statement of Martin Harris, Leonard Rich, -Times and Seasons, Vol. 2, No. 15 (June of this time.

and Calvin Beebe, Ensign of Liberty, Vol. 1, 1, 1841), p. 428. With smoother language this ''The private and public statements of BrigNo. 3 (December 1847), pp. 4344. This direction is D&C 124:9495. The first printed ham Young on the subject of succession after

are characterized that notice martyrdom William written themes: authorthe held a higher E. McLelby two undoubtedly bywas Hynmi Smith

full his version priesthood the Prophet's basically bestowal of ity than therefore represents counselor Smith appeared to Josephlin and ( 1 ) as far as details. The proof of this is the in Times and Seasons, Vol. 2, No. 7 (February powers upon the Twelve before his death;

similar and identical language in his per- 1, 1841), p. 310. ( 2 ) the analysis that no one but the Twelve

sonal recollection of the same event, ibid.. "Conference Minutes, October 6, 1844, Times holds priesthood keys in the absence of the

and Rich were members of Zion's Camp; 1844), p. 683. Also cited in DHC, Vol. 7, in the resume of his talk before priesthood

Beebe and McLellin were already in Missouri p. 288. Cf. ibid.. Vol. 5, pp. 510, 512, 51617. leaders and high priests on Aug\ist 7, 1844, with

at the time. John Whitmer's History confirms -"Letter of W. Lang to Thomas Gregg, Tiffin, Sidney Rigdon present: "Joseph conferred upon

the outlines of the statement in the Ensign of Ohio, November 5, 1881, cited in Charles our heads all the keys and powers belonging

Apostlcship, to the recolheld, the Origin A.Liberty Shook, (Ch. he Whitmer's which For David True The of Book

.. tolection, of before in Believers (Cincinnati, taken has 56. away. often he was p. Mormon was Shook see An21). Address AU 1914),

fair this to laid a stated the Missouri, said the scholar that p. 55. Twelve, Joseph heChrist (Richmond, and 'I. Howhavehimself 1887), had

ojoumal cited inAlso ofDHC,JosephVol.Smith,2, p.December176. 5, 1834. beletterpresentlyfor copying,traced.althoughGregg thehad originala knowncannotpatyourfoundationshouldersand theyou kingdommust buildrests.'thereon,"DHC,for uponVol.

Historian's Book Al, p. 17. Also cited in tern of writing to participants in early Mormon 7, p. 230. On the following day, when the

DHC, Vol. 2, p. 176, note. history. Twelve were sustained to lead by a formal vote,

The specific designation of Oliver Cowdery Letter of Oliver Cowdery to David Whitmer, Brigham Young stressed their possession of as second elder was not placed in the published Elkhorn, Wisconsin, July 28, 1847, cited the keys of the priesthood ten times in two revelations until the 1835 edition of the Docin Ensign of Liberty, Vol. 1, No. 6 (May speeches.

trine and Covenants. Inasmuch as he was 1848), p. 92. Aside from the "conditional 2Full priesthood authority was restored in

named next after Joseph Smith in the 1833 ordination"of David Whitmer to be Joseph stages by divine messengers who conferred

Book of Commandments, however, and called Smith's successor, he is spoken of in the earliest these powers upon two men for the obvious an apostle with Joseph Smith, this was his revelations as an apostle, the only other indipurposes of testifying to the reality of the status at the outset. The fact that influential vidual besides Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery events, proper procedure in earthly ordination,

counselors in the First Presidency were in exto receive this specific designPtion prior to the safety in succession, and conforming to a istence when Oliver Cowdery was explicitly choosing of the Twelve. D&C 18:9 (Book of priesthood system of placing a potential check

named second elder only underlines the inCommandments 15:1011). Compare Brigagainst misuse of presiding authority. Once

tended importance of his position. ham Young's comment on the original authority such authority was restored, it was evidently

Historian's Book Al, p. 17. Also cited in of David Whitmer: "Joseph Smith, Oliver the intention of the revelations to achieve the

Joseph Fielding Smith, Doctrines of Salvation, Cowdery, and David Whitmer were the first last two purposes through regularly organized ed. Bruce R. McConkie (Salt Lake City: BookApostles of this dispensation, though in the councils of three and twelve rather than the

craft, 1954), Vol. 1, p. 212. early days of the Church David Whitmer lost intrinsically uncertain sharing of authority of

"Ibid. Also cited in DHC, Vol. 2, p. 177. his standing, and another took his place."The two.

20 Improvement Era 10Br

chRistmas gift quide

CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU 4. LOOK TO THE MOUNT 7. ORDEAL IN MEXICO

by Berta Huish Christensen $3.95 A study of the Sermon on the Mount by Karl E. Young $4.95

by Leiand H. Monson $3.95 A colorful and little known episode of A joyful, uplifting book that reveals the

true significance of Christmas. ChristThe sublime message of the Serrnon Mormon History comes alive as the

mas prose and pdetry written and comon the Mount emerges from this book author recaptures the hostile environ- )iled especially for Latterday Saints. with all its implications and promises ment that challenged the Mormon colfully examined and interpreted. Wisonists in Mexico. The turmoil of the

"'2. WHEN HE COMES AGAIN dombeautifuland simplicity.knowledge combined with faithrevolutionas theof 1912Saintscreatesexperiencea crisistheirof

by Miria Greenwood Thayne $4.95 Ordeal in Mexico.

... The Christmas story in verse told from 5. ABOUT MARRIAGE

an LDS point of view. A colorful book AND MORE 8. THEY MADE MORMON

to to that awake young minds Dr. time by W. Dean Belnap and HISTORY the Savior when to earth will come Griffin Dr. C. Glen $2.95

again. Illustrated in full color by Adele by Robert B. Day $4.95

useful that profound delves Palmer. Reese book and A

the glorious of past emerges a Out into of values marriage, the temple and of their figures that the challenges met of frankly sexaspects discusses many in courage, with character and 3. in uality marriage. to time THE guide MEET A sensible MORMONS

nourish a treasured to order guard and marital harmony. Special edition softbound $1.50 faith for generations. succeeding

L. by Doyle and Randall L. Green

6. LIVING, LOVING, AND

inillustrated profusely A colorful and MARRYING THE LDS WAY 9. THE HOUSE OF THE LORD troduction to the practices beliefs and

of the Church... and to its members by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis and by James E. TaJmage Hardbound $2.95

throughout the world. Convenient for Dr. Wayne C. Anderson $4.50 9A Softbound $1.25

use by missionaries, and a delightful

An invaluable handbook for the about A Church classic republished in modhriftsmas gift. In English.

to be married, the newlywed, and all ern format. This volume will be an

are going aid to those important to a who wish those fresh introduce who "Also, editions: in hardbound

for time, and the first of to temple the involvement underand new level language $2.95 3 A English all apSaints a greater Latterday give into their marriage. standing A wonder3B Spanish language $3.95 fully practical guide to the most diffipreciation of the significance of temple 30 German language $4.50 cult art of all—happy marriage. work in their lives.

J 10. MAN MAY KNOW FOR HIMSELF

by David O. McKay $4.95

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss, this newest volume of President McKay's teaching is full of encouragement and hope—and is

a positive guide to more fruitful living.

11. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES

from the Writings of President David O. McKay $3.00

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss Rewarding reading that will inspire any Latterday Saint through insight into the exemplary life of this great prophet.

12. HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT

DAVID 0. McKAY

by Jeanette McKay Morreii $4.95

Precious moments from the boyhood, formative years, and

Church service of our beloved prophet recorded by his sister.

13. TREASURES OF LIFE

by David 0. McKay $4.95

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss The wisdom of President David 0. McKay lights up the pages

of this book, and will be a guide and comfort to many.

14. HOME MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

Compiled by Llewellyn R. McKay $2.95

A heartwarming and instructive recollection that will encourage

Latterday Saints in their duties as parents, and as husband and wife. 15. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS

by Joseph Fielding Smith all volumes $2.95 each

This series of questions and answers on a wide variety of gospel questions will give you great insight into many aspects of the gospel not discussed elsewhere.

ISAVol. 1 15BVoi. 2 150 Vol. 3 15D Vol. 4 15EVol. 5

16. TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES!

by Joseph Fielding Smith $4.95

A warning voice that urges the members of the Church to observe the laws of the gospel, so that they might enjoy the rewards of eternity.

17. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY

by Joseph Fielding Smith $4.95

An important source for Church scholars and members generally. Carefully researched and vividly written account of the

historical progress of the Church.

18. THE REFINER'S FIRE

by Alvin R. Dyer $5.95

A new, revised edition of President Dyer's work on the significance of Missouri in Church history and doctrine. Complete

with color photographs and maps.

19. WHO AM I?

by Alvin R. Dyer $4.95

Man's ceaseless search seeks the answers to life and the allimportant question "Who Am I?". A book of depth and importance, this work gives man his answer.

20. THIS AGE OF CONFUSION

by Alvin R. Dyer $3.50

The strength of revealed religion becomes apparent in this discussion of man's need for eternal truths he can cling to.

21. THE CHALLENGE

by Alvin R. Dyer $2.75

A thoughtprovoking and stirring exhortation to Latterday Saints to meet the challenge of our times. Here is advice and counsel

that will serve to inspire you.

22. CONTINUING THE QUEST

by Hugh B. Brown $3.95

The goal of eternal life is not easily attained, but President

Brown's book testifies to the value of faith and prayerful action in pursuing that goal.

23. WHY THE RELIGIOUS LIFE

by Mark E. Petersen $3.95

A convincing argument for conducting your life in accordance with God's commands. Spiritually uplifting.

i.I:- 24. OUR MORAL CHALLENGE

by Mark E. Petersen $2.95

A forthright discussion of the moral problems faced by LDS teens today, and how they can be overcome by positive action.

25. AS TRANSLATED CORRECTLY

by Mark E. Petersen $2.50

A definitive statement of why the King James Version is particularly cherished by Latterday Saints. Scholarly and informative.

26. ONE LORD—ONE FAITH

by Mark E. Petersen $2.95

A powerful and spiritually stimulating work that will give any

Latterday Saint an enriched concept of the doctrinal resources of his faith.

27. BOOKS BY RICHARD L. EVANS

Compilation of the very popular radio talks given by Elder Evans.

These gems of insight will illuminate and increase your understanding of man's relationship to God and his fellow man.

27A NEW: AN OPEN ROAD $3.00

27B AN OPEN DOOR* $3.00

27C THOUGHTS FOR 100 DAYS* $3.00

27D FAITH, PEACE, AND PURPOSE* $3.00

28. THE BOOK OF MORMON in Living Sound

$49.95 plus $1.62 postage

29. THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

$9.95 plus 560 postage

30. THE DOCTRINE & COVENANTS

$32.95 plus 850 postage

FROM COVENANT RECORDINGS

31. THE TRIPLE COMBINATION*

$92.50 plus $2.50 postage

31A THE BOOK OF MORMON* $57.50

31B THE DOCTRINE & COVENANTS* $32.95

31C THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE* $10.95

32. THE NEW TESTAMENT*

$44.95 plus 840 postage

33. JESUS THE CHRIST*

The full text of the James E. Talmage book.

$49.95 plus 960 postage

, ''t TABERNACLE CHOiR ALBUMS 34. THE JOY OF CHRISTMAS

Leonard Bernstein with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra.

$5.78 plus 200 postage

35. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S

GREATEST HITS $5.78 plus 200 postage

36. THE ANVIL CHORUS, and other great choruses

$5.78 plus 200 postage

WRITE FOR A COMPLETE LISTING OF ALL MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR AND ORGAN RECORDS 'CTINf* ove a37.talkMIRACLES,by Elder Matthew Cowley $3.98 plus 200 postage

38. PROFILE OF A PROPHET,

a talk by President Hugh B. Brown $3.98 plus 200 postage

39. A CALL FROM THE PROPHET,

a talk by Elder Paul H. Dunn $3.98 plus 200 postage

*NOTE: Some items not illustrated

''&i 40. ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE 43. SWEET SJOUX COLORING 47. LET'S TALK

Facts of Life for L.D.S. Teens BOOK by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95

W.by Dr. Belnap and Dean by Chris Jensen $1,00 social, moral, looks at doctor medical A GriffinDr. C. Glen $2.95 confront spiritual which problems and adChildren will adore coloring each

Written by two well-l<nown L.D.S. pediaventurous page in the annals of a young people. Drugs, smoking, alcohol,

tricians, this book handles the most charming little Indian girl called "Sweet food faddism are dealt with sensibly delicate aspects of boygirl relationSioux."and forthrightly.

ships in a manner that is straightforward and yet in keeping with high 44. GIANT TAKE STEP A 48. IT'S BE A SMART TOL.D.S. standards. by Menlove $2.95 and Nancy Lund Jane SAINT LATTERDAY

C. $2.50 Longden by LaRue Fables for growing tots with today's41. TEACH ME building morals. character the for rejoicing over reasons The many ActivitiesGames, and Projects

for Teaching Youngsters opportunities for spiritual, intellectual, offered gosby the growth material PRIMARY CHILDREN'S and 45. THEby Dorothea C. Murdock $3.50 in this book challenging given are HOSPITAL $1.50 pel

Never let your child be bored. This for young people.

book gives many ideas for alerting and A compilation of heartwarming case history, histories with the alongmaintaining child interest. philos49. KEY TO HAPPINESS of this renowned services and ophy

hospital. Illustrated. by Beatrice M. Sparks $3.95

42. PLEASE TELL ME

Gospel Questions Children Ask 46. THE MAKING OF A PROPHET uredGood faithadvicethatfor thecanyoungdirecton theirthe treaslives

by Elizabeth and J. Stanley by Dr. Lindsay R, Curtis $2.95 along the true path, and bring happijj

Schoenfeld $2.95 The early years of the Prophet Joseph ness and joy.

When children ask those awkward quesSmith are related and illustrated in a tions, here's the book that gives the thrilling and fascinating book that youngright answer—told in the nicest way. people will enjoy.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92668

Send me the following items: (Fill in the appropriate numbers)

Total Cost$.-- Paid by check money order or, please charge established account

This must include 31/2% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Utah stores, and 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange.

Name.

Address.

City. State.

NOTE: If you wish books sent to another address as gifts, please enclose a notegwnfie approprtooress

By Jay

iaife

'""W

"By the hour he would throw a ball at a knot on the fence post, and his sister would throw it back to him."

The story of Bishop George Edtimes. In addition. Bishop Busby champion. But few know of the inward Busby of the Palmdale ( Cahhas won recognition on the alldomitable courage and relentless

fomia ) Ward, 1968 recipient of the Church allstar softball team four personal grit that produced this allChurch YMMIA Athletic Comtimes, was named most valuable harvest of honors. It was not easy,

mittee's coveted Homer Warner player once, and was a member of and no one growing up with George

Award, is one of the most amazing the allChurch allstar basketball Busby in St. David, Arizona, could

and inspiring stories of human acteam once—all this with an aim, leg, have predicted the outcome.

complishment. Few who know the and shoulder left significantly cripSome nine months after his birth

particulars of George Busby's life pled from an early childhood bout October 10, 1926, in a tent at St.

will disagree. with polio. David, young George was stricken

For athletic prowess alone, not Persons who visit the Busby with polio—or infantile paralysis,

many men can claim to have played home and count the 67 trophies as it was then known. His entire

on teams that have won fourth place from softball championships and left side was paralyzed, and doctors or above in allChurch softball comall-star competition and view feared his heart would soon sucpetition nine times, placing fourth dozens of other trophies and ribcumb. He was given only a few

three times, third three times, secbons won in rodeo roping events, hours to live. Under the adminisond once, and first twice; and on baseball, football, basketball, and tration of the priesthood, his father

teams that have garnered the allhalf a dozen other sports quickly and grandfather blessed him, and

Church sportsmanship trophy three recognize the harvest of a true miraculously the polio left most of

November 1968 21 The amazing story of one aiichurch softbaii team; i964, aiiChurch Softball team. Between and

of the nnost heralded athletes in the Church. after are a string of championships

and personal awards that would make many professional athletes envious, his body, leaving only his left arm, practice by the hour. During his But the years of 1953, 1956, and

shoulder, and leg affected. By the early years he developed an amaz1966 hold special meaning for

time he was three, his leg was ing nimbleness on his feet and George Busby: those were the years

sufficiently strong that he could learned to master his balance so when his teams won the allChurch walk with it. that he could turn and fall on his sportsmanship awards, the only

As the early years of childhood good side and not injure his left team ever to win the award three slipped by, his leg began to grow arm. * times; and one of the years—1953

to more normal proportions, but By now, young George's mettle—his team won also the championhis arm and shoulder did not rewas beginning to show: at ten years ship, the only time in allChurch

spond to treatment, and he had of age he won a bicycle after hitting softbaii competition that the same limited use of both. Hence, he a ball 31 minutes in a contest, and team has won both the championlearned to do things with one arm, at 12 years he won the St. David ship and the sportsmanship awards,

and his parents worked tirelessly city marble championship as a reSportsmanship and all that goes to prohibit him from saying, "I suit of his having strongly develwith it—fairness, honesty, gencan't do it."oped fingers. erosity, concern for others, wholeBut young George's trials were By the time he was 13, his arm someness, and a spirit of good

just beginning. When six years was too strong to pitch in the boys'cheer—have long been trademarks

old, he fell and broke his crippled softbaii league, so he played in the of Bishop Busby. And this bounarm above the elbow. This began men's league. After long hours teous harvest of character traits

a sequence of seven broken arms of practice, he developed some was reaped from constant and deand four operations during the ability with a softbaii glove on his voted attention to Church responnext six years, during which time left hand. But other sports intersibilities and opportunities, just as

his arm was never out of a cast ested him also. To develop his his athletic abilities were attained

long enough for him to develop left leg, he began running every from constant application. His

the use of it. evening. By the time he was in Church service has been rich, full

During this period, he was also high school he had won the halfof opportunities for development:

hit by a car, his upper torso being mile race in the Arizona state high Aaronic Priesthood adviser or youth so severely damaged that doctors school competition. At 17 his teacher, Scoutmaster, ward athsaid there was no hope. Again, his ward basketball team won their letic director or coach, Melchizedek

father and grandfather adminisregional championship and traveled Priesthood quorum presidency, tered to him, and the power of the to the allChurch tournament, where stake missionary, genealogical compriesthood blessed his severely the team finished sixth. Eighteenmitteeman, bishop's counselor, stake

bruised and scratched body. As yearold George scored 64 points in MIA assistant superintendent, MIA

time went on, the operations and two games and won an allChurch superintendent, high councilor, treatment seemed to help restore basketball berth. That same year ward finance chairman, and now

life and growth in the muscles of he was selected most valuable bishop.

his arm and shoulder. player in the Southern Arizona Truly, the ideals of both athletics

Like all youngsters, George Open Softball Tournament, which and religion have found noble exyearned to play with others, but he his team won. pression in George Edward Busby.

was always chosen last by his assoThus began an amazing career He is a worthy recipient of the ciates. Thus he determined that he that saw him "chosen first"by assoHomer Warner Award, given in

was going to be the first person ciates and in allstar competition in memory of the founder of the his schoolmates would select. At game after game, season after Church basketball program, largest

night he would throw a ball at a season. His awards are too numerin the world, and given to one who

knot on a fence post, and his sister ous to list, but it is interesting to exemplifies unusual athletic acwould throw it back to him. When spotcheck every decade to observe complishment and embodies the

she tired, he would take a baskethis championship caliber: 1944, allspirit of true sportsmanship and

ball to the school grounds and Church basketball team; 1954, spirituality. O

26 Improvement Era Evmj Cfiristmas

1. THE POWER OF BELIEVING Book of Mormon answers all your questions. ing and disciplining her children. Presents guide

by Sterling W. Sill Includes new information on the Hill Cumorah. lines to help develop desirable traits and

Elder Sill dramatically points out the need to $6.95 qualities. $3.95

believe in many things to be happy, successful 4. GOD, MAN AND THE UNIVERSEand without conflict. 6. LIFE EVERLASTING $3.75 by Hyrum L. Andrus by Duane S. Crowther

secrets The of the universe as revealed to the2. insight New and information life after on death. LIVING MEANINGFUL Prophet Jr. Joseph Smith, are in set forth this Includes descriptions of spirit H. world by Paul conditions. Dunn fascinating book, which contains every known A comprehensive at look next the estate forThe formula successful is living modern statement the made by Prophet this on topic. of man. $4.50 in thisshown downto-earth analysis of the

Sermon on the Mount. $3.00 $5.95

7. VITAL QUOTATIONS 5. MISSION FOR MOTHER:

by Emerson West OF3. BOOK MORMON GUIDING CHILD THE More than quotes religion, 2600 on politics, COMPENDIUM G. by Allred Hugh

etc., education each complete a with brief bioby Sidney B. Sperry Here is a for book written the of prime purpose graphy the on author. Indexed crossand

This best of all available reference boolts on the assisting in Mother the challenging of traintask into referenced 235 topics. $4.95

ORDER FROM BOOKCRAFT - SEE ORDER FORM ON PAGE 31

Ifftiii v/ SCnOBUFLO EMXABSTH

'\ MORMON

FOUR FAITH

1.iiip'** *'"!!!-**

THE TEN MOST

WANTED MEN >i

""''i?!

n r

Dunn Paul H.

-DUSTDfUE?''.

8. THOUGHTS FOR LDS YOUTH traits of leadership, aptly illustrated with stirring recently acquired by the Church. Here is inforby Elizabeth Schoenfeld examples. Inspires selfconfidence. $3.95 mation every Latterday Saint should have.

A poignant collection of interesting and stimu- $2.25

lating ideas to help young people with their family, friends, education, faith and everything 11. FOUR FAITH PROMOTING

beautiful. $2.00 CLASSICS 13. ON GETTING THINGS DONE

from "The Faith Promoting"Series by Ray L White

innarratives by Fascinating which men of God to for wants anyone "howto"A who book9. DOCTRINE MORMON

thrill of spire forceful with their recounting and habits. organizational of the better develop One by Bruce R. McConkle

spiritual first experiences. for the Reprinted time library. valuable you to your books can add most

This for ideal reference personal research book in of a century. $3.95 %

will save countless hours when you need specific $3.25

information on gospel questions. The only attempt to define the basic principles of salvation. 14. SLIM, TRIM AND FUN

THE DUST OF THE $6.95 12. FROM FOR LIFE by. Sarac.Lee rGibbhK DECADES

10. THE TEN MOST WANTED Saga of the Papyri and Mummies The perfect aid for slimdown campaigns! Offers

to exercise, and sensible systematic ways women Terry Whipple by Keith & Walter MEN condition. physical diet and keep in good

Pearl of study of the Great by Paul H. Dunn This fascinating

An instructive look at the ten most desirable Price is complete with pictures of the papyri $2.50

ORDER FROM BOOKCRAFTSEE ORDER FORM ON PAGE 31

PATHX'YS mCHAttu. m0s

jCWi

i

tiSftljltf*irtS*W

I

,rfB",-:;

t,CllOSS58*

sacfo

15. THE WAY TO HAPPINESS children the sex education and guidance needed Jews, plus ancient and modern prophecies conby Rulon $. Howells for happy, welladjusted lives. $2.50 cerning the Jewish people. $3.75

A successful missionary tool, this interesting and effective book presents the truths taught by

Jesus in a special way. Documented with Bibli18. AN OPEN ROAD 20. TRUE TO THE FAITHcal quotes. $1.50 by Richard L Evans

Volume three in a special series by the famed Compiled by Llewlyn R. McKay

16. LDS GAME BOOK Square.narratorWithof "Thethe skillfulSpokenuseWord"of quotations.from TempleElder Awritingsmonumentalof Presidentnew bookDavid of0. theMcKay.sermonsInspiringand

by Alma Heaton Evans covers a variety of vital topics. $3.00 spiritual counsel from the pen of a prophet.

An invaluable book for church leaders and par- $3.95

ents. Games for every conceivable occasion—

indexed accordingly. $3.95 19. FANTASTIC VICTORY,

ISRAEL'S RENDEZVOUS 21. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE FOR

WITH DESTINY LATTERDAY SAINTS 17. SACRED OR SECRET? by W. Cleon Skousen by Calvin T. Broadhead

by Ernest Eberhard, Jr. Here is a brief but exciting account of Israel's Over 200 poems containing thoughts and ideas

This valuable aid to parents is written in easylatest rendezvous with destiny—the 1967 closely akin to Latterday Saints. Indexed by

tounderstand terms, enabling them to give their Miracle War. Highlights of the history of the subject. Vol. I & II $2.50 each

ORDER FROM BOOKCRAFTSEE ORDER FORM ON PAGE 31 igffsmsSffflB*

ctg'

t.4

Price Doctrine Pearl of Great Covenants, and Mormon, 28. SECRETS OF A HAPPY LIFE 22. THE FIRST 2000 YEARS

Latterday of prophets. $7.50 the teachings Compilation and by W. Cleon Skousen

David writings and selected 0. McKay's sermons of fascinating of biblical the mostOne accounts drama to 36. FAITH OF A SCIENTIST help fear, unrest, strife mounting and man meet written,ever covering to the the time days of Adam

by Dr. Henry Eyring

frustration. Reprinted $2.75 by popular demand.of Abraham. $3.95

This inspired new book dramatically shows how true 29. THE YEARS 23. THE THIRD THOUSAND DOCTRINE & COVENANTS religionplete harmony.and true science can, and do, function in $3.00comSkousen by W. Cleon COMPENDIUM

B. by Sidney history. stories in religiousFascinating Concentrates Sperry 37. FASCINATING WOMANHOOD

the centurieson from to 1000 2000 B.C. carefully are B.C. Makes The contents of the Doctrine & Covenants by Helen B. Andelin

Bible reading a joyous adventure, $5.95 explained for all who would fully understand God's principles which suggests wonderful book This must

revelations. $5.95 in marriage goal to attain highest woman's be applied

—winning a man's genuine love. $5.75 YEARS 24. THE FOURTH THOUSAND BY 30. THE CONSTITUTION A THREAD

Skousen by W. Cleon Vetterii by Richard

alive unfolds, this narrative as ProphetsThe come 38. HOUSE OF THE LORD in This timely convincingly support out book speaks

by James E. Talmage Christ. to of David pages Nearly 900 the timecovering spiritual of the principles our moral and upon which

of memorable reading. $6.95 country was founded. $4.75 This authoritative volume on modern temple ordinances

explains in direct language the need for temples. A

31. literature, in LIFE prized Church $2.95 classic THE ABUNDANT

25. ROAD LONG THE B. Brown by Hugh

Dilworth Young by S.

a richer, wish to eloquent those testimony 39. An who PRAY TO AND HOW

of highlights the around w/oven modernstyledA poem of articles and life. A compilation abundant more by Skousen Max STAY AWAKE of life the studythe A thoughtful Smith. of Joseph published. $3.95 before never speeches inspired text help reality This can the you to know $2.50Prophet.

32. DOCTRINES OF SALVATIONVol. I andgenuinenearnessand thoughtfulof God thatprayer.is possible only through$2.00

26. THE LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

by Orson F. Whitney 33. DOCTRINES OF SALVATIONVoL II 40. FROM A BISHOP'S NOTEBOOK

exciting, inspired detailedWritten this by an grandson, Merrill B. by Tew

34. OF DOCTRINES SALVATIONVoL history insight that lets with to the reader unfolds you collection of brief, Bishop's III A stories. meaningful Dein historical are Here and presented gems feel of this the $4.00 presencealmost mighty man. lightful Excellent reading. for source teaching and

with plainness frankness authority! and must A—doctrinaland

talks. $1.95

for library, every LDS $3.75 each

27. THOUGHTS FOR AN LDS MOTHER 41. JUST TO ILLUSTRATE

by Elizabeth Schoenfeld 35. DOCTRINAL NEW TESTAMENT by LeGrand Richards

A collection of thoughts, verse and ideas written espeby Bruce R. l\flcConkie This best seller is packed with fascinating true expericially for LDS mothers. Ideas to inspire, teach and This enlightening volume will help you understand the ences told as only this powerful and enthusiastic

counsel. $1.75 true teachings of the New Testament, The Book of speaker can tell them. $3.25

ORDER FROM BOOKCRAFTSEE ORDER FORM ON NEXT PAGE

IN42. LDS ENCYCLOPEDIA REFERENCE 52. SCIENCE AND YOUR FAITH GOD III 49. VOL

R. by Paul Green

I Vol. for every must $5.00 A LDS reference library. Includes all of

Discourses and writings of the foremost by some LDS official recorded statements of Church Presidents by Melvin R. Brooks the

showing exists which the harmony between to from Joseph Smith Lorenzo Snow. $4.50 each scientists

science and religion. $3.50

50. CHRISTMAS READINGS FOR THE43. LDS ENCYCLOPEDIA REFERENCE 53. THE CHURCH AND THE NEGRO Blckerstaff by George LDS FAMILY II Vol. $3.50 by John Lund

stories beautiful nine dozen heartwarming and A poems

R. by Melvin Books frank discussion open on position and the Negro's

tell lifts in to the that story of the A Christmas a way in Church. the LDS in a pertinent question Answers

heart soul. for all the and reages. touches Enjoyment invaluable of aid for teachers theAn students and

direct concise, manner. $2.50

storedin detail $1.50 Gospel, subjects Covers as such LDS

doctrine, history, geography and biographies. 51. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE 54. YOU AND YOUR MARRIAGE

S. Crowther by Duane B. by Brown Hugh

44. LIFE OF THE WILFORD WOODRUFF future of the by as revealed ancient Knowledge hardhitting, straight and A discussion, from the shoulder F. by Matthias Cowley

This prophets. fascinating explains modern each book filled with provocative ideas, wit, downto- sharp and

of inspiringAn a truly biography remarkable One man. facet of prophecy. counsel. earth $4.50 $2.75

lifeof the after a of of the accounts sought most prophet of the Lord. 54.50

45. THE MASTER'S TOUCH BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

by Dorothy Hackworth Please send the following circled book(s) for which 1 enclose check or

in the ofFascinating, intimate, faithpromoting money order amount stories gathered sales tax. 3'/i% 1168 of Utah add field Will the mission inspire ennKHRAFrl Residentsfrom and private lives.

readers of all ages. $3.50

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 46. MELVIN J. BALLARD - CRUSADER 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 FOR RIGHTEOUSNESS

This of of outstanding biography a stakart Mormon29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42

Melvin J. Ballard,ism, his inof also includes many

spiring sermons. $3.50 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 5447. MESSAGES OF THE FIRST w.. -i NAME

PRESIDENCY, VOL. I ADDRESS by James R. Clark \ "CITY, STATE, ZIP

48. VOL. II

inspirational LDS FILMS

Now Available

from BYU Educational Media Services

Portrait of a Monument Dedicated on Temple Square

A new flagpole and panels on liberty and law were recently dedicated on Temple Square by President N. Eldon

Tanner, second counselor in the First Presidency. In his

opening remarks, President Tanner said: "It is of significance

today that this flagpole and these statements on liberty and law carved in stone on this historic block are given places of honor and prominence as evidence of the importance that we as members of the

Church place upon upholding the Constitution of

Tlys Tliree Witqesses this land and lending our obedience to its laws."

V EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES Herald R. Clark Building Football Paintings

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 Arnold Friberg of the

Holladay (Utah) Eighth -jVet Area AddressesWard has painted for

BYU SOUTHWESTERN FILM CENTER Chevrolet Motors

Center Movie Rd. Phoenix, 119 W. McDowell Arizona 85003 four paintings depicting

milestones of the first 100

DESERET BOOK COMPANY yearscollegeoffootball.American The Film Department

44 East South Temple paintings, shown on national

Salt Lake City, Utah 841 11 television programs this

BYU Chicago Area Film Center BYU Bay Area Film Center fall and reproduced in color

Films, Association Inc. Inc. Association Films,

Digest, will Hillgrove in Reader's Ave. 561 Cypress Ave. 25358

III. Grange, La 60525 Calif. ward, 94544 Hay

in housed permanently be

Eastern Area Center FilmBYU Film Football College the Center Ricks BYU liffllSiiliiiiiaKiSll

Inc. Association Films, Street Holmes North 160

Ave. 600 Grand in Hall Falls, of Fame New Idaho Idaho 83401

N.J. Ridgefield, 07657

Jersey. Brunswick, New Elder m m

Angeles Film Center Los BYU for his Film Centre Canadian Friberg, famous

Hoist Library BYU Film Smithc/o & Street 19th South 506

Olive Street South 2221 for paintings Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

California Angeles, Los 90007 the film The Ten Commandrrients and for

his Northwest Mounted MEDIA SERVICES EDUCATIONAL

Herald is illustrations, Police Brighamfi.YoungClark University,Building Provo, Utah 84601 "*

Please send your FREE brochure listing all LDS Church produced Films. wellknown in the Church

NAME. for his Book of Mormon

AODRESS paintings.

CITY ZIP32 Improvement Era Missionary Choir Sings at Seoul Festival Honored by Boy Scouts

The Korean Mormon Missionary Choir, of the Korean National Foundation. Sister Lavern W. Parmley,

composed of elders from the Korean Mission, The choir gave two performances general president of the was chosen to represent the United at the Seoul Citizens'Hall and were Primary Association, has

States at the recent Broadcasters'Festival given live coverage over the major been appointed to the commemorating the 20th anniversary radio and television network in Korea. religious relationship

committee of the National Council of the Boy Scouts

is the first woman everThe LDS Scene of America. Sister Parmley

to be appointed to a national Boy Scout committee. In the Primary,

she supervises the Cub Scouts and Scouting for

11year-olds.

AllChurch Softball Championships Del Monte Vice President

Softball players from around the junior title; Imperial (Salt Lake City) President Richard B.

Church converged upon George Morris Ward juniors and Chula Vista (California) Sonne of the Palo Alto

Field in Salt Lake City recently seniors won sportsmanship awards. (California) Stake has been

for the annual allChurch competition. The Slow pitch—Parleys (Salt Lake City) elected vice president

results, after many thrilling innings, Ninth defeated Mesa (Arizona) 22nd of Del Monte Corporation.

were: Fast pitch—Chula Vista (California) 5-4 for the senior title, and Heber A son of Elder Alma

Ward defeated Chandler (Arizona) (Arizona) Ward beat Clearfield (Utah) Sonne, Assistant to the

Second 4-1 for the senior title, and Third 9-1 for the junior title; Price (Utah) Council of the Twelve,

Bountiful (Utah) Thirtieth beat San Diego Fifth seniors and Phoenix (Arizona) President Sonne has been (California) Tenth 2-0 for the Tenth juniors were sportsmanship recipients. with Del Monte since 1942.

November 1968 33 isn'tNowWestern I nonst to

AirWest jets leave every day at 8 a.m. 12:55 p.m

34 Improvement Era flythe only way to Los Angeles.

J*5SS;, f/A',A*!Ji f'"'>.,-vW4Sl A.ii''i

*>6W0p. "O *4>*Ajv

5:10 p.m. Call AirWest or your Travel Agent.

November 1968 35 A New Look at the Pead of Great Price

Part 6

A Unique Document of a Prophet By Dr. Hugh Nibley

A new and vital record Stating the Question:—The twoan almost callous unconcern for the

page spread in the December 29, newly located papyri ( all except the album for every 1912, issue of the New York Times, one matching Facsimile 1) as evi-

L.D.S. family, in honor to which we have often referred in dence for or against the authenticity

of President David O. the course of these articles, finds an of the Book of Abraham. Equal

McKay on his birthday. laceauthenticTurnerechoappearingin an articlein theby Walsame indifferencetian AlphabettoandtheGrammarsocalled springsEgypHear the Prophet's newspaper under the dateline of neither from misgivings nor invoice in these latter days, July 15, 1968. The crux of the artidolence, but from a principle which

cle is Mr. Turner's statement has been taught in the Church from with words of

concerning the newly acquired the beginning and which cannot be inspiration on the papyri: "There is no question that too strictly enjoined on all stuHome, the Individual, Smith worked from these papyri; dents of the gospel, namely, that

the question is whether his writings a Latterday Saint is bound to Spirituality, Liberty, based on them were actual transaccept as true scriptures only the

Marriage, the Restored lations or pure fabrications."But standard works of the Church. The

Gospel and many what Mr. Turner calls the question wisdom of such a rule is readily

other topics. is itself meaningless until we know apparent to anyone who considers

exactly what is meant by "worked what endless confusion would from"and "based on,"that is, until reign without it in a church in

Order your album it can be shown whether the Book which all are encouraged to seek for $3.95 postpaid of Abraham really depends for its and receive personal revelation,

existence on these papyri, and if so, and are also enjoined before redirectly from Division exactly how and to what extent ceiving that revelation to indulge of Communication Joseph Smith made use of them. freely in vigorous speculation and

.. you Services, Brigham Young The evidence in known documents exploration on their own: ".

is entirely inadequate to permit a must study it out in your mind;

JJniversity, Provo, definitive answer to these questhen you must ask me if it is

Utah, 84601. Also tions, all answers to date resting on right "(D&C9:8.)

available through many the capacity of the critics as mind One of the standard works is the readers. Pearl of Great Price, in which the

local L.D.S. book From the very beginning this explanations of three Egyptian

dealers. writer has been rightly accused of drawings are presented for our ac36 Improvement Era

Give yourself and ceptance as inspired scriptures.

introthemselves are drawingsThe 'jothers a lasting aids to as supplementaryduced the ancient reader, and were not necessarily inspired. We know Christmas Gift

that the Prophet was in possession of other Egyptian documents as fact remainswell, but the that only Save 20% on your LDS Books! facsimiles were publishedthe three

as ancient records directly relatBOOKS OF THE MONTH ing to an inspired interpretation. kWhatever use Joseph Smith may New Titles

have made of the other manuscripts, whatever he may have Slorc:..A t

thought or said or written about them, is not scripture and is not binding on anyone; nor can it be |fl|M|B

used as a test of his inspiration, 2. A MORE 3. THE QUEST 4. MORMONnot only because he was as free to 1. THE BOOK OF

FOR EXCELLENCE MORMON EXCELLENT DOCTRINE WAY speculate and suggest as anyone COMPENDIUM By Bruce R. McConkie By Neal i\Aaxwell Sterling W. Sill By

else, but also because all these By Sidney B. Sperry $6.95 $2 $3.75 $6J5

other writings, ancient and modern, have been pointedly omitted from or Standards the body of books passing as fv m scripture.

Accordingly, in the following I articles we are going to discuss only the facsimiles and the interpretation thereof, passing by in 5. FANTASTIC 6. ON GETTING 7. ABOUT LIFE 8. LIFE

silence those writings which do not VICTORY THINGS DONE AND LOVE EVERLASTING belong to the Book of Abraham, By W. Cleon Skousen By Ray L White By Dr.Dr. GlenW. DeanS. GriffinBelnap & By Duane S. Crowther

even though that book may have $3.75 $3.25 $2.95 $4.50

been the end product of a process or Classics in which they had a part. Like

the Book of Mormon, the Book of

Abraham must be judged on its,/ own merits, and not on the way men choose to recreate and interpret the baffling and fragmentar\'episodes of its creation. While we 9. THE HOUSE 10. FASCINATING 11. PROPHECY, 12. THE LDS

can only encourage those scholars OF THE LORD WOMANHOOD KEY TO THE GAME BOOK competent to deal with the EgypBy James E. Talmage By Helen B. Andelin FUTURE By Duane S. By Alma Heaton

tian texts to play to their hearts'$2.95 $5.95 I Crowther $4.50 $3.95

content with those fragments which ENROLL ME AS A LDS BOOKS CLUB MEMBER and send me monthly reviews. I hereby agree to

give them a specialist's advantage purchase a minimum of four (4) regular selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the reguresign at I may

freeover the rest of us, we ourselves larI willadvertisedreceive a price.valuable book bonus any—timea savingsafter purchasingof 20%. 4 books. For each four books I accept,

must resolutely resist the allureBCll-68ments of that succulent diet of red LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

herring which has long been the P.O. Box 400 /Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

staple of those who would discredit the claims of the Prophet. Unable Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

to get at him directly, they find Please send the following book(s) as my regular Club selection:

grounds for complaint in all sorts 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 of interesting if irrelevant things. Name

Address

City, State, Zic

November 1968 37 dream Ipme Typical of this has been the reaction of some of our learned friends to the crushing discovery that among the papyri belonging to Joseph Smith was one document in Arabic. This was immediately

pointed out to us as another proof of Smiths imbecility. True, he

never included this Arabic writing among his Egyptian studies, never said it was Egyptian or offered to translate it, nor indeed have we any record of his ever mentioning start making it come true... NOW! ofit. anYetArabicsomehowtext amongthe incongruitywritings

Invest in a Country Club Estate at in 20 minutes. Convenient schools and supposedly connected with AbraWillow Creek Golf Course, in scenic shopping centers. Reasonable costs ham is supposed to discredit Joseph

Little Valley, with Cottonwood terms. the and Smith. the In spirit same snatches

of friendly view the most beautiful said: 3, 1968, Business August Week, of of the the Book Dead, to say rolling, green Mountains Wasatch and

lots rival sites waterfront "Golf nothing of the fairways as backyard. your Egyptian Alphabet

to property, prestige prime, as two and Grammar, are now being Willow Creek is mature and presthree times the price of sites off the tigious, with many homes in the $50,- course. If you get in early, appretreated exactly as if they were

000 to $100,000 class now built or being ciation is rapid."integral parts of the Mormon

built. Expressway and freeway to city For full information, write: scriptures.

For those who wish to attack Willow CreekjOountry Club gtates or defend the Pearl of Great Price, 341 East 21st South / Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 there is quite enough material conOr telephone collect to: (801) 4867221 tained in the facsimiles to keep

r! things lively for sometime to come,

without having to wrangle about

Yes, Sir! Those Wasatch Mountains, Great Salt Lake hypothetical claims while the

like green fairways and beautiful part sound of my clearcut claims of the facsimiles future for the... please information. dream send me

go unheeded. What are these

Name.. clearcut claims? One question

embraces them all: Were the origiAddress. nals of these three facsimiles ever

used anciently to explain or illusCity..State...Zip. trate historic events or teachings

going back to Abraham? If that

can be answered in the affirmative '1 the Book of Abraham is in the clear;

if it can be answered in the negathat ChljWr#n tovf tive—anis discredited.emphatic negative—thenEither solutionit

For ages 3 to 9 years. depends upon an affirmative anIdeal for family home evenings, Junior Sunday swer to an appalling preliminary

School and Junior Primary. question: Do you know all there is

to learn, melodies Simple, easy in medium to know about these three docugospel. children help grow in the range that

ments? That admittedly is a poser,

but none should know better than See your local book or music store or write: Egyptologists that where that

challenge of omniscience cannot be met, almost anything can happen: with Singing Joy is not all things knows He who Lake City, Utah 84110 Box 11052 Salt P.O.

Add 15c postage and 8c Utah sales tax

38 Improvement Era OPEN SMMS8I1I OCTAVE

FLAUTO

DOLCE

How much should you pay for an organ with these stops?

o

Pictured are the stops of a Great Diapason 8'Trumpet and 4'Schalmei. And the addiChorus, Pedal work to adequately support it, tional stops on the Swell are 8'Diapason,

Flute work on the Swell, and Strings on the Mixture IV, 16'Fagott, 8'Trompette, 8'Oboe

Swell. and 4'Clarion.

These stops alone can give you a rich variEach of these stops is tonally independent.

ety of tonal effects. Each is programmed through various chanBut they are just part of the tonal makeup nels of the threechannel amplification sysof the Baldwin Model 6. All told, the organ tem to deliver good acoustical results.

has 35 stops. In addition to those shown All right, "How much should you pay?"

above on the Great there are Gedeckts at 8'We think our price for the Baldwin Model 6 and 4'pitches, a Dulciana, Unda Maris, and in the area of $6500 is remarkably reasona- a Trumpet and Clarinet at 8'. To supplement ble. If you think so too, and would like more

the Pedals shown above, there is a 16'Sub information, just write Baldwin, Dept. IE 1168.Bass, 8'Bourdon, 2'Block Flute, 16'Posaune, Baldwin Cincinnati, Ohio 45202.

ignorant of all things, age... without the slightest deRobe That Fearful Symmetry: The viation."Because of this system or

most obvious thing about the facconvention the carvings and paintOrientale similes is that they are pictures, but ings on the walls of temples and rather strange pictures. Not many tombs, no matter how vivid and

people in frontier America had how familiar they may seem to us, ever seen pictures like these at the axe, H. von Recklinghausen retime they turned up in Kirtland. minds us, "by no means selfLaymen like the writer still need explanatory.... one had to be

expert instruction on how to view taught their meaning in order to these quaint vignettes, and when understand them, exactly as one

Mr. Webb protested long ago that must be taught the alphabet in

"the known habits of the ancient order to read a written text."This

Egyptian artists have not been puts writing and drawing in the taken into consideration"by those same class, and it has often been who pronounced judgment, he was noted that it is impossible to draw well within his rights. For it is a line between the Egyptian scribe

only of recent years that the and the graphic artist: "... was

"grossly neglected"study of the not drawing as much a part of the canons of Egyptian composition training of a scribe as writing has begun to receive the attention itself?"asks D. Meeks. If Egyptian

it deserves. Early in the century writing is a kind of graphic art,

Professor Budge could still claim "Egyptian graphic art is also a kind in all seriousness that "it is posof writing,"says von Recklingsible that the Egyptians really behausen, so that "an Egyptian piclieved in the existence of composite ture must accordingly be not animals such as they depict in their viewed but read."

funerary literature,"the error of Even Professor Sethe, who took it which proposition has been propfor granted that "pictographs are erly aired in our own day by the prelude [Vorstufe] to writing

Heinrich Schaefer. It is not that throughout the entire world"(a

Elegant simple. proposition by no means confirmed

Christmas As anyone can soon discover for by the evidence), assures us that

Gifting himself, Egyptian hieroglyphic is though the Egyptians were the not a naive picturewriting, but a only people in the world who re- $30.00 special code governed by strict tained the primitive form of writrules, without a knowledge of ing throughout, the oldest known which it cannot be read. Not only Egyptian pictographs are already

must certain conventions, which "firmly established conventional some describe as rules of grammar, conceptual symbols,"whose meanbe observed in writing and reading ing is not to be divined by looking it, but all the little pictures that at them as pictures.* It is a conbeginning, from the system the ideas convey must trived and sounds HOLIDAYS THE FOR—an exotic... so that drawing "an Egyptian to strict according executed a brilliant Boudoir Hostess Robe be Coat...

... the flattering simplicity of the Orient. canons of proportion that remained is not a picture in the presentday

Zip into this robe and you're suddenly unchanged for thousands of years. sense of the word.""Every figure,"

uncluttered, slim, sleek and wonderfully From at least the 3rd Dynasty on, writes Siegfried Schott, "signifies groomed. Rich 100% Nylon Velour svich strict controls "are canonical more than its appearance would

paved with gleaming, golden lace braid. for the whole of Egyptian art... suggest, and can only be underEmpress (turquoise) Blue, or Dragon from the representation of human stood when its deeper meaning is

(true) Red. P,S,M,L. No. 5440. beings in relief and sculpture to recognized."Schott regards the inSee Your Local the forms of pottery."'The general genious method of conveying

Le Voy's Consultant or Mail or Check M.O. A impressionlows establishedis thatruleseverything"from agefolto ofinformationwriting andby drawingrelated techniquesin code as in Postpaid U.S.A. \M

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

40 Improvement Era The Wurlitzer Concert Organ with PentaSonic System of Tone Generation

The Wurlitzer Concert Organ represents the culthe softest whisper to brilliant full ensemble, the mination of more than half a century of experience Wurlitzer Concert Organ supports all segments of in organ building by Wurlitzer... an electronic the worship service... as a solo instrument...

triumph in organ tonal design by any standard... accompaniment fOr choir, congregation or wedding

and Wurlitzer's greatest achievement of modern march... background for prayer. The resources of

times. A totally new concept with five separate the Wurlitzer 4700 provide a quality of sound

tonal sources, eliminating "borrowing"and "unifipossible only on organs costing thousands more.

cation"of voices, the Wurlitzer 4700 transcends In playing dimensions, A.G.O. specifications are

anything you have ever heard in a twomanual rigidly adhered to.

electronic organ... in versatility, authenticity, For more details, and for information on fund

clarity, and in its classic "pipe organ"sound. raising plans available, simply write to Wurlitzer,

Immense in its scope of enchanting voices, from or ask your Wurlitzer dealer.

WURLllZER means Music to millions pianos organs electronic pianos guitars stereos band instruments

DeKalb, Illinois 60115

November 1968 41 GREAT BOOKS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!

\ I. 1. biography A SENT of Colonel justified by the readily discernible

THOMAS uniformities of Egyptian composi-

L. KANE by Albert L tion, as well as the testimony of

Zobell, Jr. Diodorus (Vol. 1, No. 98, pp. 5-9),

Reg. $3.95 though "the Egyptians themselves,"

I The LIFE and MINISTRY as P. Lacau informs us today, "have

of JOHN MORGAN told us nothing concerning their belief in the efficacy of drawing. It

Ameiomom is up to us to understand how their pmiPOSE'system of decoration... could express their ideas as well or even

The Life and better than a written inscription."'

Ministry of JOHN Professor Mercer was wrong when

MORGAN he wrote that Egyptian pictures are

Reg. $4.95 easier to understand than inscriptions—they only look that way.

Many students of Egyptian art have

Both tried to work out the rules by books which it was constructed, but there for is still little agreement among them.

only. Peculiarities long attributed to the

primitive or infantile mentality of

The most famous example of an Egyptian the Egyptians, lacking the sophistiis this figure with drawing canonical guidecation to see things as they are, are of at Sakkarah. lines from Manefer the tomb

(From R. Lepsius, Denkmaeler aus Aegypten now generally recognized as the

Sentinel in the East und Aethiopien [Leipzig, 189 7], Vo/.l, p. 234.) expression of a shrewd and calcu-

L. Jr. Zobell, Albert By

in life of Events the Colonel Thomas one of the sudden and phenomenal lated system of communication.

L. Kane, noble friend of the Saints, developments that marked the alLacking an Egyptian thesis on

IVIormons the on the plains met who in their most explosive emergence of a fullthe subject, the basic issues are of Iowa 1846 and became mediator with General Johnston's blown Egyptian culture on the still being debated: What were the

Army in 1857. scene.'According to de Rocheproper proportions? How were

monteix, we must look upon the they related to the Egyptian

The Life and Ministry of John Morgan

By Mhur Richardson and figures on the walls of temples and standard measurements of length?

Nicholas G. Morgan, Sr. tombs as "gigantic ideograms"Do repeated pictures signify reof a history interesting An truly great whose form and meaning were depeated action (H. Balcz)? Why the Missionary, convert. L.D.S. man.

Member of The First Council of veloped along with and as part strong predilection for profiles?

Civil Veteran Seventy, War and auof the concept of hieroglyphic Why do the Egyptians always favor missionary the famous thor of pamphlet "The Plan of Salvation."writing. Indeed, Schaefer went so the right profile (Erman's Law)?

Clip and Mail far as to insist that one cannot Was the law of frontality (J.

understand Egyptian art without Lange's Law) inviolable (Schaefer) necesthe Egyptian lanor could it be broken understanding when PEHRSON'S sary Egyptians guage. (H. Senk)? Did the 2115 SOUTH IITH EAST

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 By the 5th Dynasty at the latest, have a true perspective (L. Klebs)

"the many traditional rules had or not (H. Schaefer)? Why is the

$I enclose checkfor whichor moneyplease ordersend mefor come to be fused,"observed Eduard leg opposite the viewer always the book offer "Sentinel In The East"Meyer, "into kn inviolable canon thrust forward? Were the canons

and "Life of John Morgan."of proportions, that had to be of a religious nature (Maspero)?

Name learned in the school and scheWhy does the Egyptian always Address

City 'matically applied to every drawview things either from the front

State Zip ing."Such a conclusion was or the side, never from other angles

OR PICK UP AT PEHRSON'S SUGARHOUSE STORE

42 Improvement Era WHAT'S UNION PACIFIC DOING IN COMMUNICATIONS?

PLENTY!... microwave radio channels that cover nearly 10,000 miles of track.

Computers that speed car location information in seconds. Walkietalkie

radios for switchmen, conductors and engineers.

Union Pacific's network of communication accelerates ontime shipping.

Helps provide adequate car supply. Speeds terminal switching

and linehaul interchanges.

That's first class communication, and it's available to any shipper anywhere... just call the UP representative near you.

For information on plant sites in tlie U.P. West write

in confidence to Edd H. Bailey,

President, Union Pacific, Omaha, Nebr. 68102

GATEWAY TO AND FROM THE BOOMING WEST

November 1968 43 (Schaefer)? Why did the Egypit determined by the medium—the

tians in inscriptions and drawings pen favoring L to R, the chisel not use the guidehnes offered by R to L ( Recklinghausen )? Are the

the joints between buildingstones standards of length all based on the and bricks as other ancient people human body (Iversen)? Did the

did (Senk)? Why with a strong Egyptians fear figures that looked

feehng for perspective did the directly out of the picture at one

Egyptians never develop any rules (Schaefer)? O

for perspective (Klebs)? Why (To be continued)

would Egyptian artists sometimes add the usual grid work of guideFOOTNOTES lines to a composition after the The position of the Church was stated offiin 1903 bedrawing was completed? Why did forecially aby senatorialElder JamesinvestigationE. Talmagecommittee

D.C.: the Egyptians continue to ignore Washington,"Mr. Worthington, in What are the accepted

true perspective after the Greeks members?standard worksMr. ofTalmage;the churchThewhichstandardbind worksall its

in Egypt had amply demonstrated sionare fouror translation;in number—thethe Bible,Book ofKingMormon;James verthe

Covenants, of and its and Great peculiarities the use? Can of DoctrinePrice. let Worthington.... theNowPearl me

this ask about. Mr. you.. are which work you the art Egyptian be explained on

Articles author—the of Faith. say You you

psychological grounds (Schaefer) wereprepareauthorizedsuch work.by the... highIs thatchurchwork,officialsor anyto

or not (F. Matz)? Have we a right thingchurch?in

Is there Mr. Worthington. any publishingSLEEPING POORLY? to say that the Egyptians were house it,Mr.bindingTalmage.uponOh,anyinmemberno sense.of your,.. authorized to published works and send

out, them bind which as works church an observing rules when we cannot tf organization? Mr. such Talmage. publishing house could Nothe. the only be supernamed. agree those rules on what were

is vision exercised the rein church.. by... Try and the Egyptians do not mention gard to reissuing standard worksthree of the

Privileges Elections on and in them (von Recklinghausen)?. Did standardmitteeSenate works. Proceedings before the Comthe Matter the Right of ofHon.the U.ReedS.

Smoot, S. (Washington; U. Printing Government deliberately Egyptians avoidPOSTUM Office, 2426. Vol. 3, 1905), pp. PoSTUM the

''So in life Morant, H. d'Egyvte, Chroniques to true drawing De Os)? (W. van

Vol. see 10 Bakir, 207; (1934), esp. A. M. It's 100%

in Journal Egyptianp. Archaeology, Vol. their of real apscorn canons 53 Did

pp. E. A. the Egyptians Gods W.159f.Budge, of

Vol. Schaefer, 1, p. 61;caffeinfree. pearances (J. Spiegel)? Was the (1904),(1967), H. Von

geometric style basic or incidental aegyptischer Kunst (4th ed., Wiesbaden; Har-

(Spiegel)? Is the sovereign law rassowitz,A. Scharff,1963), inp. Aegypten36. u. Vorderasien

Postum lets you get a full night's sleep if of Egyptian composition Schaefer's (Munich;*So M. F.deBruckmann,Rochemonteix,1950),in p.Receuil73. des

caffein is your problem. Nothing goes into Geradansichtigvorstelligkeit ( Senk. Travaux,H. vonVol.Recklinghausen,6 (1885), p. in21.Aegypt. Ztschr.,

Postum but toasted grains and other pureVol. 63 (1928), pp. 34f.

"K. Sethe, is too Bild zuni Buchstaben (HildesThe word good to miss!)? Vom ingredients. food

17ff., 26ff. G. Olms, 1964), pp. The taste? Li kenothingelse on your grocer's ''S. regularly Schott, Egyptians Hieroglyphen Did the employ heim: (Wiesbaden: F.

Iff. 195054), pp. 5 shelf. to flavor perfection Slowroasted

to in instruments the acSteinen, preserve Travaux, des Vol. 29. 23, 6, pp. brick a flavor all its own. has ovens, Postum **InGesch.Receuil des Altertums, Vol. 198. 2, 1, pp.

lop. curacy of the in canons d'Egyptologie, Lacau, (R. Hanke)? Vol. Revue 19 cup Maketonight's nightcapa

of Postum. Sleep deep. Butwhy Does symmetry of composition indi- (1967), p. 50.

wait? Postum's perfect whenever you want to enjoy it—bedcate regularity of motion (Balcz)?

time, mealtime, anytime. Why Why was the height of a man 13

not find out for yourself soon? units in the Old Kingdom, 19 units Time Study

in the 18th Dynasty, and 22/3 units

Just Published in the 26th Dynasty (F. Petrie)? By Betty G. Spencer

How 88,648 Aremeasuredthese unitsby the(theextendedgrid squares)fiveMy husband, with his day's work fingered hand, the fist, or four findone,Heavy Smokers gers (E. Iversen)? Why after Said, ''You should organize.

Stopped Smoking experimenting with naturalistic poBe more effective in your work;

NEW YORK—The AntiTobacco Center of sitions in the Old Kingdom did the Make plans, dear; visualize!"

America has just published a booklet which artists abandon and never return (of smokers 88,648 heavyexplains how whom to them (H. Madsen)? Is the direc- I've tried to follow his advice. smoking stopped physicians) havenrany arc

without straining their will power. This booktion in which figures face originally I schedule. (He insists.)

let is available free of charge. All you need determined by the direction of And I could be efficient, too—

it, is to send obtainto do, to your name and hieroglyphic writing (Schaefer)? Is // / could find my lists!

to of AmerCenteraddress The AntiTobacco ica, Dept. A-lOl-W, 276 Park Avenue South,

New York City, 10010. This offer is open

while the supply of these booklets lasts.

44 Improvement Era fundamental

Jesvs Christ

TjQtcloftheVnivem Elder Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve

"YeDdErr TifNotKmwmg the B:.fiptums

Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

''TfAnouLackMsdom"(Prayer) President Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

A. JJiJC..Jl J li.\JLLJl\j\ *# \A %J,A l%AJi l\\,J\

WAi 11FFH1 lA AssistantElder Boydto theK.CouncilPackerof the Twelve

<TDI7pEr/y7)l ArpC* President A. Theodore Tuttle

STDyip'jyC]! President Paul H. Dunn

Jjni A llwA Qf j-jg pirst Council of the Seventy {Mr I 01 lUCnULl KmIUoI of the First Council of the Seventy

November 1968 45 Christus. This 12foot, nineton replica of Bertel Thorvaldsen's famous

work fias been sculpted from carrara marble by A/do Rebechi. The replica

is permanently displayed at the Visitors

Center on Temple Square.

Jesvs Christ

TjoiSofthenmnre

By Elder Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve

The subject "Jsus Christ, Lord of the Universe"From this and other scriptures we learn that, reprebrings to mind Moses'account of a vision in which senting the Father and serving his purpose "to bring he was shown many of the Lord's creations. Having to pass the immortality and eternal life of man,"

seen them, he "called upon God, saying: Tell me, I Jesus Christ, in the sense of being its Creator and

pray thee, why these things are so, and by what thou Redeemer, is the Lord of the whole universe. Except

madest them? for his mortal ministry accomplished on this earth, his

"... And the Lord God said unto Moses: For mine service and relationship to other worlds and their

own purpose have I made these things.... inhabitants are the same as his service and relation-

"And by the word of my power, have I created them, ship to this earth and its inhabitants.

which is mine Only Begotten Son.,.. Moses did not request God to instruct him in detail

"And worlds without number have I created; and I about other worlds. He simply said:

also created them for mine own purpose; and by the "... O God,... tell me concerning this earth, and

Son I created them.... the inhabitants thereof, and also the heavens, and then

"But only an account of this earth, and the inhabithy servant will be content."(Moses 1:36.)

tants thereof, give I unto you. For behold, there are A marvelous account of what Moses was told about

many worlds that have passed away.... And there this earth and the relationship of Jesus Christ to it is

are many that now stand.... recorded in the Pearl of Great Price.

"And as one earth shall pass away, and the heavens Implicit in the scriptures is the fact that the surest, thereof even so shall another come; and there is no if not the only, way to understand Jesus the Lord of

end to my works, neither to my words. the universe is to obtain an understanding of his

"For behold, this is my work and my glory—to relationship to this world and its inhabitants.

bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."What Moses was told is repeatedly set forth in the

(Moses 1:3033, 35, 3839.) scriptures. Abraham, for example, gives us this

46 Improvement Era

i\i

account of the Lord's appointment to make his great to "Mount Shelem"and asked the Lord to touch the atoning sacrifice on this earth: stones with his finger, "that we may have light while

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the we cross the sea."The Lord did touch the stones;

intelhgences that were organized before the world and because of his great faith, the brother of Jared was;... was allowed to see the Lord's finger. (See "Faith,"by

"And there stood one among them that was hke Elder Boyd K. Packer, p. 60.

unto God, and he said unto those who were with him: In further conversation, the brother of Jared eviWe will go down, for there is space there, and we denced such great faith that the Lord showed himself

will take of these materials, and we will make an unto him and said:

earth whereon these may dwell; "Behold, I am he who was prepared from the foun-

"And we will prove them herewith, to see if they dation of the world to redeem my people. Behold, I

will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall am Jesus Christ.... In me shall all mankind have

command them; light, and that eternally, even they who shall beheve

"And the Lord said: Whom shall I send? And one on my name....

answered like unto the Son of Man: Here am I, "... Seest thou that ye are created after mine own

send me. And another answered and said: Here image? Yea, even all men were created in the

am I, send me. And the beginning after mine own

Lord said: I will send the image.

first."(Abr. 3:22, 2425, "Behold, this body, which

27.) ye now behold, is the body

In this great preearth of my spirit; and man have

council, Jesus was thus I created after the body of chosen to be the Redeemer. my spirit; and even as I

Tills appointment put appear unto thee to be in under voluntaryhim will the spirit I appear unto '""'obli- j vVt=rr:ii>Vgation to take in upon himpeople the flesh."my

self mortality as the Only (Eth. 3:1416.)

Begotten Son of God in the All who have a true conflesh; to live a sinless life; cept of Jesus Christ and

to suffer the pains of all who have received a witmen to bring about the ness by the spirit of his dimeans of repentance; to vinity are ever stirred by

voluntarily submit himself the records of his life. They

to a torturous death, thereby winning victory over the see in all that he said and did confirmation of his grave and assuring universal resurrection. In short, universal Lordship, both as Creator and Redeemer.

Jesus Christ, through whom God created the universe, They see it in his visit to the temple at the age of"was chosen to put into operation throughout the uni12. His answer to his parents on that occasion, "...

verse Elohim's great plan "to bring to pass the immorwist ye not that I must be about my Father's busitality and eternal life of man"—the gospel of Jesus ness?"(Luke 2:49), gave evidence that he was then

Christ—the only way whereby man can obtain eternal already somewhat conversant with his identity and

life. his earth mission.

In the great council Christ was commissioned to They see it in his baptism, where he set the pattern create this earth and its heavens; this is evidenced by that all must follow. They see it in his statement to

the next verse, which reads: the Samaritan woman at the well: "Whosoever drink-

"And then the Lord said: Let us go down. And they eth of this water shall thirst again:

went down at the beginning, and they, that is the "But whosoever drinketh of the water that I

Gods, organized and formed the heavens and the shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that

earth."(Abr. 4:1.) I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springThis account concerning Christ's premortal relationing up into everlasting life."(John 4:1314.)

ship to this world is exemplified in the book of Ether. They see it at the tomb of Lazarus, when in reYou will recall that the Jaredite colony had built sponse to Martha's statement, "Lord, if thou hadst

some barges in which to cross the ocean. The brother been here, my brother had not died,"Jesus replied, "I

of Jared, seeking a way to light them, took 16 stones am the resurrection and the life: he that believeth in

48 Improvement Era me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: "And worlds without number

liveth whosoever "And and believeth in me shall have I created...and by die. never 11:21, 2526.)..."(John

I created thenn.... In Gethsemane, where he suffered for all men, they the Son have

see it; and on the cross where he gave his life, and

in the garden on that first Easter morning when he, speaking to Mary, said:

"Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my before the world was, which were ordained of the

Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, Father, through his Only Begotten Son, who was in

I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to the bosom of the Father, even from the beginning;

my God, and your God."(John 20:17.) "Of whom we bear record; and the record which

They see it in his appearance in the Sacred Grove, we bear is the fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ, with the Father, to Joseph Smith, Jr., in 1820, when who is the Son, whom we saw and with whom we

the Father said: "This is My Beloved Son. Hear conversed in the heavenly vision....

Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) "And we beheld the glory of the Son, on the right

John's testimony is conclusive that Jesus is the Lord hand of the Father, and received of his fulness;

of the universe as well as the Lord of this earth: "And saw the holy angels, and them who are

"I saw his glory, that he was in the beginning, sanctified before his throne, worshiping God, and the before the world was; Lamb, who worship him forever and ever.

"[He was]—The light and the Redeemer of the "And now, after the many testimonies which have

world; the Spirit of truth, who came into the world, been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all,

because the world was made by him, and in him was which we give of him: That he lives!

the life of men and the light of men. "For we saw him, even on the right hand of God;

"The worlds were made by him; men loere made and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the

by him; all things were made by him, and through him, Only Begotten of the Father—

and of him."(D&C 93:7, 9-10. Italics added.) "That by him, and through him, and of him, the

Also conclusive is the testimony of Joseph Smith and worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants

Sidney Rigdon: thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God."

"... being in the Spirit on the sixteenth day of (D&C 76:1114, 2024.)

February, in the year of our Lord one thousand In conclusion, I bear my own witness that these eight hundred and thirtytwo—great testimonies to the fact that Jesus Christ is the

"By the power of the Spirit our eyes were Lord of the universe are true, that he is also our Savior, opened and our understandings were enlightened, so and that the gospel of Jesus Christ is universal—the

as to see and understand the things of God—only plan by which men ever have been or ever can

"Even those things which were from the beginning be exalted. O

Renga

By Donnell Hunter

God gave a garden, Groping for knowledge, Is grief fruitless? Man,

growing fruit, on earth in exile, knoiving, where grasping man knowing then groiving, grasps light, reached for light, gained grief. darkness, man finds light. reaches his return.

November 1968 49 "--v/: Moroni Reveals the Book of Mormon. After the ancient scriptures had

been hidden from the world for about 1400 years, the angel revealed them to Joseph Smith. Painted by Ken

Riley, the original is in the Visitors

Center on Temple Square.

ueuoErr lnl)IotKmwing the ScrTpturds

By Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

At Dachau just outside Munich, Germany, there a memorable sentence that one who reads it will not stands a rather unusual memorial—a kind of monulikely forget:

ment to man's inhumanity. The concentration camp "Man cannot trust himself in the hands of man."

is maintained about as it was during the tragic and A generation after Dachau, humankind finds itself infamous days when scores of thousands of human in a situation even more threatening than the infamies beings were kenneled and tortured and put to death, of World War II. Individuals and nations need anthen cremated in gas ovens. It is all there still—the swers to the dilemmas of the human predicament. On

blood trench alongside which men were lined up to be the one hand, unbelievable advances in human knowlshot, the tower upon which they were stood for public edge, inconceivable promises of power and capacity torture, some of the miserable barracks in which they to bless; on the other hand, wars and contentions and

were kept like animals in a zoo, and worst of all, the slaughterings and threatenings and tensions and contwo buildings housing those three terrible gas ovens flicts among men who cannot trust themselves in the with the "showers"alongside, out of which came hands of other men.

deathdealing gas instead of cleansing water. The Where shall we look for the answers?

showers prepared them for the ovens, the ovens Will they be found in the thoughts and solutions burned them like tinder. It is all too terrible and too offered by the minds of men? Is there a surer source?

tragic and too disquieting to others of the species of If so, what is it?

those who suffered and of those who caused them The inmates of Dachau had seen a certain kind of to suffer. man—man minus a sense of responsibility to conThe trip to Dachau, with all the tragedy and turscience, to other men, to God. To such men, the

moil and unnerving sense of guilt, is made worthwhile strong were the rulers, the keepers of the zoo in which by reminiscences of the heroism that occurred there to others could be treated like the occupants of a zoo.

balance the hideousness, and by a small pamphlet No one can trust himself in the political or personal written by a rare nian who survived Dachau. In it is hands of such men.

November 1968 51 a )

Most individuals are more humanely and ethically do have unrivaled instruction and insight to offer in disposed toward their fellowmen. Humanity struggles philosophy, ethics, and human relations; they have

to lift itself from its baser ways. Men seek to lift their wonderful poetry and marvelous history and signifieyes and to help others to do so. One aspect of this cant theology and the most sententious proverbs. Yet

earnest effort is the flood of books pouring from the the primary purpose of the scriptures is not in any of presses into the hands of those eager to buy them and these. They were written for common people, for their

gain insight and strength from them. There are spiritual guidance. Their message is of God and his

books on how to develop the mind and the body and relationships with his children. They are religious books

the spirit, how to live with selfforgetfulness or selfpresenting the faith, the aspiration, and the experiences esteem, how to win friends, how to wake up the mind of God's children through the centuries. They are imor bring it power or bring it peace, how to accept portant for their message of God's love and concern

oneself, how to give of oneself, how to believe, how and compassion for his people. They hold God and

to be happy, how to find security, how to pray, how man in "one thought at one time, at all times."They

to love. teach of God's involvement in the human situation and

,There are books in number almost beyond compre of man's meaning in the light of God's relationship hension,someofthemgood and helpful and constructive. with him. God and man together is the focus of the

The best of these books scriptural objective.

either borrow from or alPresident Joseph F. Smith

lude to or build upon the gave us pure insight into teachings of other books—the purpose and product of

select few mostly contained personal acquaintance with between two covers and the scriptures:

called collectively the Holy "That which characterBible. This "divine library"izes above all else the inis augmented for us by spiration and divinity of

other sacred books—the the Scriptures is the spirit

Book of Mormon, the Docin which they are written trine and Covenants, the and the spiritual wealth

Pearl of Great Price. Is it they convey to those who

not curious that these few faithfully and conscienvolumes, available to altiously read them. Our

most everyone, are so selattitude, therefore, toward dom read and often so the Scriptures should be in little appreciated? Yet in them are more than the harmony with the purposes for which they are

words and thoughts and suggestions of men. In them written.

are the teachings, the truths, of God, the accounts "They are intended to enlarge man's spiritual of his dealings with his children and of his compasendowments and to reveal and intensify the bond of sion and concern and love for them. relationship between him and his God. The Bible,

What importance have the scriptures for us? How as all other books of Holy Writ, to be appreciated

much do we read them? How much do we learn must be studied by those spiritually inclined and

from them? How well do we understand them? Many who are in quest of spiritual truths."(Juvenile Inof us who have them or have access to them do not structor, Vol. 47, April 1912, p. 204.

read them. Others have never learned how to read The true blessing of the scriptures lies in bringing

and understand them. Frequently we lack knowledge their "spiritual wealth,"in enlarging our "spiritual

and appreciation of them. Some know certain verses endowments,"and in their revelation and intensifying

or stories but do not know the context from which of the "bond of relationship between [us and our] they come or the circumstances under which they were God."To this President Brigham Young added an

written or the purposes for which they were provided. important dimension:

Why should we read the scriptures? What do they "On reading carefully the Old and New Testaments

have for us? How can they help? How can we learn we can discover that the majority of the revelations

to love and understand them? How did they come given to mankind anciently were in regard to their

to be? How should they be read? daily duties; we follow in the same path. The revelaThe scriptures were not written especially for tions contained in the Bible and the Book of Mormon

scholars and were not meant to be textbooks. They are ensamples to us, and the Book of Doctrine and

52 Improvement Era a )

The scriptures were not written for scholars, nor as textbooks, but for connnnon people, says Elder Hanks.

Covenants contains direct revelation to this Church; under his guidance. Read the words attributed to

they are a guide to us, and we do not wish to do Joseph Smith, written in 1832:

them away; we do not wish them to become obsolete "—Search the Scriptures—search the revelations

and to set them aside. We wish to continue in the which we publish, and ask your Heavenly Father, in

revelations of the Lord Jesus Christ day by day, and the name of His Son Jesus Christ, to manifest the to have His Spirit with us continually. If we can truth unto you.... You will then know for yourselves

do this, we shall no more walk in darkness, but we and not for another. 'You will not then be dependent

shall walk in the light of life."(Journal of Discourses, on man for the knowledge of Cod; nor will there be

p. 284.)... Wherefore, we again

When Christ answered say, search the revelations the cynical question of the of Cod: study the propheSadducees concerning marcies, and rejoice that Cod

riage in the resurrection—grants unto the world

resurrection in which they Seers and Prophets....

professed no belief—he said And, fellow sojourners upon

to them that which has \ '\. / j I earth, it is your privilege great meaning for all men:. L J U to purify yourselves and

"Ye do err, not knowing come up to the same glory, the scriptures...."(Matt. and see for yourselves, and

22:29.) know for yourselves. Ask,

All of us err, not knowand it shall be given you;

ing the scriptures. The seek, and ye shall find;

writings of the prophets knock, and it shall be have great relevance to us opened unto you."(Docuand our time. They were written under other cirmentary History of the Church, Vol. 1, pp. 28284.

cumstances in other times, but every era, every nation, As to the Lord Jesus Christ, Peter taught the men every generation, and every man is included in the of Israel that "all the prophets from Samuel and scriptures. Thus, every question, counsel, admonition, those that follow after, as many as have spoken,"had

instruction, commandment, and promise may have written of the coming of the Christ and had looked importance for modern man—to each and every one forward to his advent. Thus in the beautiful prophetic

of us. Cod asked Adam, "Where art thou?"(Cen. visions of Isaiah and the Psalms and Job and through-

3:9.) So does he ask us today where we are in our out the Old Testament was the glory of his mission

lives and our relationships. foreknown and faithfully foretold. Jacob in the Book

In the scriptures are counsels for our every probof Mormon added his testimony that "all the holy lem, answers to our every need. Across the barriers of prophets which were before us... believed in Christ

many ages and many translations comes the message and worshiped the Father in his name...."(Jac.

of current meaning to contemporary man. 4:4-5.)

In the scriptures the truth is tavight about Cod and One of the most powerful scriptural testimonies of

Christ and man and his relationship with the Father Christ is the account of the Lord's angel directing and the Son. Learning these truths can be and is Philip to travel from Jerusalem unto Caza, in obedimeant to be a fascinating adventure. Nothing in this ence to which he came into the company of the

world could be more precious than to have a personal Ethiopian eunuch who was reading Isaiah the prophet.

testimony of Almighty Cod, of his holy Son, and of the Under the inspiration of the Spirit, Philip approached restoration and leadership of his gospel plan by holy him and asked him if he understood what he read.

prophets chosen under his inspiration and leading The man invited Philip's guidance in giving him the

November 1968 53 meaning of the passage: "... he is brought as a lamb to know for himself what is true and to live as he

to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is should live.

dumb, so he openeth not his mouth."(Isa. 53:7; see For those who have read in times past and realso Acts 8:32.) member with joy but have kept no current acquaint-

"Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the ance with the sacred works, the question of Alma to same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus."(Acts his people is supremely important. Reminding them

8:35.) of the goodness of the Lord to their fathers and to

The result of this great experience was the baptism them, and of the feeling and faith that had come to of the eunuch by Philip, and the redirection of a life. them through the marvelous forgiveness of God, he

Paul taught Timothy that the scriptures are "able asked them, as it is recorded in Alma 5:26:

to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which "... can ye feel so now?"

is in Christ Jesus."(2 Tim. 3:15.) We need to keep current and to keep concerned

In the scriptures we are taught that man was in the and to keep qualified in the things of God. To read

beginning with God, and can, through the atonement of his relationship with people in other times and of Christ and through his own faith, obedience, love, other places is to learn principles and lessons that and righteous endurance, be with him again. We are appropriate and can be applied to us and our

learn that the earth was daily experience. To hear

created for man, and that the assurances of his love he was put here to choose and his mercy to wavering, whether he will "subject wayward children long ago himself to the devil"or strengthens us in our "yield to the enticings of knowledge that he loves the spirit."and wants us to enjoy his

Life is meaningful beblessings in our time and in cause it is eternal. Man is our special circumstances,

God's child and has within We need again the strength him embryonically the qualof his commandments and ities of his Father. Christ to feel in ourselves the

is the divine Savior. God is capacity to obey, to meet

the father of the spirits of his demands, to do his will.

all men, our eternal HeavThis is what we need, what enly Father. God's plan for in our quieter mornents we

his children is revealed as a know we want, and what "plan of redemption,"a "plan of mercy,"a "plan of we must have if we are to truly be his sons and daughhappiness."His children—eternal persons—are blessed ters and to enjoy his eternal companionship and

with mortal life and agency therein and a condition of counsel as we labor with him in accomplishing his opposition in which choices are made, with "all to creative work.

win or all to lose."A Savior was commissioned and Our study of the gospel and of the scriptures when

prophets called to teach u.s through love and to die we were "young,"when we were on a mission, five

for us. Man, blessed with chvine heritage, granted years ago, or even a year ago, is not enough. There

a period of development in the stream of mortal is, as someone has said, "something in the air."There

experience, has infinite possibilities and the ultimate is a living, revealing, communicating God. There is a

chance, if he will, to live with God, cooperating with living prophet. Life is full of change and experiences

him in his great creative work. This, through search and adventures. Every day brings its relentless deand service and reverence, a man may learn and is mands and its limitless opportunities. We have lived

here on earth to learn. The scriptures and the prophets a Httle longer, thought more, wept in desperation or

are his guide to knowledge, inspiration, and reproof. sorrow or apprehension, prayed earnestly, learned to

The theology of the scriptures is blended with the love more deeply. We need the current companiongreat religious lessons that lead to feeling and doing ship of the sweetest and most gracious and godly

and living. Man's love for and relationship to God is one who ever lived. We need the assurance that

wedded to man's concern for and brotherhood to all comes with the reading anew of the problems he men. Spirituality and morality meet in their message. faced, the tragedies he endured, the patience and

They are written not alone to teach man what is true, forgiveness and love he manifested in times of trial.

but how to live, and to help gain the spiritual witness We need to think again of his triumph and his pur54 Improvement Era

We need the current companionship of the sweetest and nnost gracious and godly one who ever lived."

poses for us. We need refreshment in the knowledge this knowledge, and not in the opinions of men, is our

of the goodness of God and of his matehless power. safe and sure way.

We need an increase in our faith, in our courage to reIn the visions of Lehi and Nephi, those who reached pent, our capacity to obey, and our sensitivity to the the tree of the love of God and tasted the fruit, havSpirit. ing traveled through many hours of darkness, appreThese and manifold blessings more we may gain ciated the sweet blessing and sought immediately to

as we turn again to the scriptures and turn from share it with God's other loved children. This is the

them with a greater light and a greater sense of spirit of the scriptures and the gospel. This is the

responsibility and capacity to share the message of challenge and possibility of every man who lives as the plan of happiness. they lived of old, imperfectly, to be sure, and struggling

Men can trust themselves in the hands of God, and to keep the spirit, but able through consistent attento the leadership of men who serve as God's appointed dance to the word of God in the scriptures, and to agents, who teach and lead and testify under the the application of the timeless truths therein, to find motivations of the Almighty. Our need is to know the direction and the strength and the faith to

the will of God, what he has done, what he wants. In accomplish God's purposes for him. O

"... follow me"

By Mary Brown Firmage

'7 am the Way."And he who hearkens to my Spirit

No longer falter, Pure liberty and joy shall find.

But walk with resolution "I am the Life."In the path that I have hewn, Everlasting—yea, and more. And I will walk beside you.

If you will folloiv me, Earth life is over soon, We shall pass earth's portals And to each day appointed labors And enter through the door Which must here and now be done. Wherein our Father dwells.

If you ivill ivalk beside me, We tivo shall be as one. "For this is life eternal,"Ye have heard it said.

To trtdy know our Father "I am the Truth."You must walk where I have led. But men have sought to change me,

Forgetting tvhence my source; Come—

Deposed my laivs at their discretion, Place your hand in mine, my child.

Which results in tyrant's force. Together ive shall see

For truth is light, eternal beacon, The glories of obedience.

Given freely to mankind. If you but follow me.

November 1968 55 Joseph Smith's First Vision. This

painting depicts young Joseph's prayer of faith, answered by the visitation of the Father and the Son to the

Prophet in 1820. The original painting, by Ken Riley, hangs in the Visitors Center on Temp/e Square.

"AiYouLacl Wisdom

By President Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

How long has it been since you received a personal will abide the law entitling them to obtain such divine revelation? Since God gave you wisdom by the spirit manifestations?

of inspiration? Since you gained learning, not by Joseph Smith read in the book of James: "If any of

study only, but also by faith? you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to

In answer let us consider: all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be

What is revelation? given him."(James 1:5.)

Elder James E. Talmage wrote: "... revelation sigThen, guided by the Spirit, he uttered the prayer

nifies the making known of divine truth by comthat ushered in this dispensation. He asked of God,

munication from the heavens."{Articles of Faith, and God gave personal answer to his query. Will the

p. 296.) same thing happen to each of us who approaches

Thus, when God speaks, when angels minister to Deity with the same degree of faith and purity? Or

mortals, when the Holy Spirit manifests truth to the was this something reserved for one man, on one spirit within man, when dreams and visions are given occasion?

of God—all such is revelation. Men thereby receive The scripture says, "If any of you lack wisdom, let

through their spiritual faculties knowledge, learning, him ask of God,"which opens the door to all men wisdom, truth, and the realities of time and of etereverywhere to get in tune with their Maker and gain nity, which can be known in no other way. wisdom from him. True, the Father and the Son

Who can receive revelation? would not appear to each person to usher in a gospel

Apostles and prophets, of course! But is the line of dispensation, but each individual may receive the wiscommunication between man and God open only to a dom and guidance that his needs require and his faith

few persons? Or is he truly no respecter of persons, makes available.

a being in whose sight all souls are precious, who is Members of the Church receive the gift of the Holy ready to reveal his mind and will to all those who Ghost at baptism. This means they have the right

56 Improvement Era S. - '-,.;{j.'''-"f -.

Ill

Jt

P'*!!i%

'i*

Y*

I\ 'y

t-"

Sji.

M*l..,. -'

,-, 'v'',.ii 'H'j

The issue, then, is not whether every nnember of the Church can receive revelation, but whether he does."

to the constant companionship of the Holy Spirit based the least Saint may know all things as fast as he is on faithfulness. And, Joseph Smith taught, "No man able to bear them...."( Teachings of the Prophet

can receive the Holy Ghost without receiving revelaJoseph Smith, p. 149.

tions. The Holy Ghost is a revelator."(Joseph FieldThe issue, then, is not whether every member of the

ing Smith, Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Church can receive revelation, but whether he does.

p. 328. Revelation is, in fact, the natural inheritance of the

Revelation for the guidance and direction of the faithful.

Church will come only through the one appointed of If anyone does not receive revelation, he is fallGod to govern the Church; revelation for any unit of ing short of his potential. God speaks to his Saints

the Church will come only through the one designated by the power of his Spirit. Those who are in tune hear

to hold the keys in that his voice; others receive not

portion of the Lord's vinethe revealed mind of him yard. But salvation is a whose right it is to direct

personal matter, and each our courses and command member of the Church is our obedience.

entitled and expected to reHow can toe gain reveceive inspiration and guidlation?

ance from the Holy Ghost If we study, pray, and in his personal affairs. obey—that is, if we study

"I, the Lord, am merciand ponder in our hearts ful and gracious unto those those things which God who fear me, and delight has revealed; if we ask him

to honor those who serve what they mean and to me in righteousness and in enlarge our understanding truth unto the end,"the of them, asking in faith

Lord said to Joseph Smith. with an honest heart, be-

"Great shall be their lieving we shall receive an reward and eternal shall be their glory. answer; and if we live clean and upright lives so the

"And to them will I reveal all mysteries, yea, all the Holy Spirit, which will not dwell in an unclean tabhidden mysteries of my kingdom.... ernacle, can abide with us—then we shall receive

"Yea, even the wonders of eternity shall they know, revelation.

and things to come will I show them, even the things Two illustrations of these truths will suffice:

of many generations. First, to Oliver Cowdery the Lord said: "... as-

"And their wisdom shall be great, and their undersuredly as the Lord liveth, who is your God and your standing reach to heaven;... Redeemer, even so surely shall you receive a knowl-

"For by my Spirit will I enlighten them, and by edge of whatsoever things you shall ask in faith....

my power will I make known unto them the secrets "Yea, behold, I will tell you in your mind and in of my will."(D&C 76:5-10.) your heart, by the Holy Ghost, which shall come upon

Speaking of this same principle, Joseph Smith said: you and which shall dwell in your heart.

"... God hath not revealed anything to Joseph, but "Now, behold, this is the spirit of revelation...."

what He will make known unto the Twelve, and even (D&C 8:1-3.) Brother Cowdery tried to gain the

58 Improvement Era knowledge involved, but he failed for want of faith Our responsibility as Latterday Saints is to receive and preparation. revelation. We need not rely alone on the testimony

Next, Nephi found his rebellious brothers contending of others. We are expected to know for ourselves.

about the teachings of Father Lehi. "Behold, we Lehi saw visions; he told Nephi about them, and

cannot understand the words which our father hath Nephi went forth in faith and prevailed upon the spoken,"they said. Lord to show them to him also.

Nephi asked, "Have ye inquired of the Lord?"We, for instance, should read the Book of Mormon,

They said, "We have not; for the Lord maketh no ponder its contents in our hearts, and then ask God if

such thing known unto us."it is true.

And in Nephi's reply we find this great principle Through the power of that Holy Spirit who is a that guides us in our search for revelation: "How revelator, the truth of it will be made known to us.

is it that ye do not keep the comandments of the And not only that, but "by the power of the Holy

Lord?"he said. "How is it that ye will perish, because Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."(Moro.

of the hardness of your hearts? Do ye not remember 10:5.)

the things which the Lord hath said?—If ye will not The reservoir of revelation is full; the channels of

harden your hearts, and ask me in faith, believing that communication are established.

ye shall receive, with diligence in keeping my comHow long has it been since you received a permandments, surely these things shall be made known sonal revelation? Since God gave you wisdom by the

unto you."(1 Ne. 15:7-11.) Conclusion: Receive spirit of inspiration? Since you gained learning, not

revelation! by study only, but also by faith? O

So Wounded Wings Show me the way, oh Lord,

May Rise Though I am weak, Hoiv through some word By Kathleen M. Swainston Or deed I do

What can I do today. Lord,

In my small way To help a child of thine? Your love will speak

What can I say? In dulcet tones and wise,

So ivounded wings May lift their pinnacles And rise Where can I hold Above the cares

A Clip of water cool Of earthly weight,

To thirsting lips? And faint detect the music

Or gently touch the hand At the latch

Of one who slips? Of heaven's gate.

November 1968 59 Faith. First principle of the gospel,

faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, is wellportrayed in this painting by

Robert Skemp. The original is in the

Los Angeles Visitors Center.

Taith

By Elder Boyd K. Packer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

During World War II the city of Osaka, Japan, was over the rubble to add new leaves to her collection.

almost obliterated. Her buildings were rubble, and She had found the one beautiful element in her

her streets were littered with blocks, debris, and bomb world—perhaps it would be more proper to say that

craters. she was the one beautiful element in the scene.

The subway had been protected, and soon after I have not forgotten that little girl. Somehow, to

the occupation it became the only means of transthink of her increases my faith.

portation for the city. Embodied in the child was the answer to futility;

One beautiful day in late fall several servicemen and in her there was hope.

I came up the steps from the subway. As far as we Children have a frankness and honesty that is discould see lay the desolation of war. arming. They possess a simple, implicit faith that

What had been a broad thoroughfare lined with is shared by few adults. The Lord instructed his

sycamore trees was now a scene of hopeless destrucdisciples by calling "a little child unto him, and set tion. Although most of the trees had been blasted him in the midst of them, And said. Verily I say unto

completely away, some few of them still stood with you, Except ye be converted, and become as little shattered limbs and trunks. One or two of them children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of

had gathered the courage to send out a few new heaven."(Matt. 18:2-3.)

shoots and had produced a meager crop of foliage. In children there is little pride and little vanity. They

A gentle breeze was scattering the yellow leaves eagerly and trustingly respond.

among the debris. It is little wonder that the Lord chose a mere boy

A tiny Japanese girl in a tattered kimono was busily to act as his spokesman in restoring the kingdom of climbing over the rubble, gathering the sycamore God to the earth. Some have been incredulous over

leaves into a bouquet. The little sprite of a child the fact—and it is a fact—that God the Father and his

seemed unimpressed with the devastation and hopeSon Jesus Christ did reveal themselves to Joseph Smith less futility that surrounded her and was scrambling when he was but in his fifteenth year. -

60 Improvement Era -,. yr,..-'SSVi

More remarkable perhaps than the vision itself was he."(Eth. 3:12.) When the Lord saw that he would

the naive, implieit faith with which the boy had sought believe anything that he said, the Lord showed himanswer to his prayers in a secluded grove. self to him. The brother of Jared had actually seen;

Faith and humility go hand in hand. The person now he had knowledge. The record confirms:

who can acknowledge his dependence upon God and "And because of the knowledge of this man he accept a childparent relationship with him has precould not be kept from beholding within the veil; and

pared a growing place for faith. he saw the finger of Jesus, which, when he saw, he

The Book of Mormon gives an account of a man fell with fear; for he knew that it was the finger of

who had tremendous faith. The brother of Jarcd the Lord; and he had faith no longer, for he knew,

went up on the mountain with 16 small stones. He nothing doubting."(Eth. 3:19.)

had in mind having the Lord touch them that there Faith, to be faith, must center around something might be light in their vessels as they traveled. - His that is not known. Faith, to be faith, must go beyond

petition was granted, and as the Lord touched the that for which there is confirming evidence. Faith, to

stones, the brother of Jared saw the finger of the be faith, must go into the unknown. Faith, to be

Lord. He fell down before the Lord, saying that he faith, must walk to the edge of the light, and then a

knew not that the Lord had flesh and blood. The few steps into the darkness. If everything has to be

Lord said unto him: known, if everything has to

"Because of thy faith be explained, if everything thou hast seen that I shall has to be certified, then take upon me flesh and there is no need for faith.

blood; and never has man Indeed, there is no room

come before me with such for it.

exceeding faith as thou The prophet Alma said:

hast, for were it not so ye "Yea, there are many who could not have seen my do say: If thou wilt show

finger. Sawest thou more unto us a sign from heaven,

than this?"then we shall know of

The answer was monu-,. a surety; then we shall

mentally courageous: "Nay; believe.

Lord show thyself unto "Now I ask, is that faith?

me."(Eth. 3:9-10.),. Behold, I say unto you.

In the Lord's answer, the Nay; for if a man knoweth

choice of a simple word, a thing he hath no cause the word shall, is a marvelous commentary on faith. to believe, for he knoweth it....

Now there was a test of faith involved, as the Lord "And now as I said concerning faith—faith is not to

asked: "Believest thou the words which I shall speak?"have a perfect knowledge of things; therefore if ye

(Eth. 3:11. Italics added.) Interesting, isn't it, that have faith ye hope for things which are not seen,

he was not asked, "Believest thou the words that I which are true."(Al. 32:1718, 21. Italics added.)

have spoken?"It didn't relate to the past. It related to There are two kinds of faith. One of them functions

the future. The brother of Jared was asked to commit ordinarily in the life of every soul. It is the kind of

himself on something that had not yet happened. faith born by experience; it gives us certainty that a

He was to confirm his belief in that which the Lord new day will dawn, that spring will come, that growth had not yet spoken. will take place. It is the kind of faith that relates us

There are few individuals, indeed, who would with confidence to that which is scheduled to happen.

command such faith from any of us. To few people This kind of faith was exemplified by the little

would we commit ourselves to believe that which they Japanese girl.

were going to say. It takes faith to be willing to There is another kind of faith, rare indeed. This is

commit oneself that way. the kind of faith that causes things to happen. It is the

The Lord said, by way of testing the brother of kind of faith that is worthy and prepared and unJared, "Believest thou the words which I shall speak?"yielding, and it calls forth things that otherwise would

The brother of Jared confirmed his great faith by not be. It is the kind of faith that moves people. It

answering, "Yea, Lord, I know that thou speakest is the kind of faith that sometimes moves things. Few

the truth, for thou art a God of truth, and canst not men possess it. It comes by gradual growth. It is a

62 Improvement Era marvelous, even a transcendent, power, a power as in things that are not seen but are nevertheless true, real and as invisible as electricity. Directed and then we have faith.

channeled, it has great effect. The Prophet Joseph Smith declared:

But faith must be faith. A man was "experimenting""... never get discouraged,... if I was sunk in the

with faith. He had spoken of his certainty that an lowest pit of Nova Scotia and all the Rocky Mountains

event would transpire. His desires were not brought piled on top of me, I... hang on, exercise faith and

to pass. The event he so much yearned for did not keep up good courage and I. should come out on the

happen. Afterward, his bitter comment was, "Well, top...."(George A. Smith, Memoirs of George A.

you see, it didn't happen. I didn't think it would."Smith, pp. 8182.)

In a world filled with skepticism and doubt, the Faith can increase. It will move forward as a light

expression "seeing is believing"promotes the attitude, before us. Sometimes the fogs and mists of doubt

"You show me, and I will believe."We want all of are so thick and enshroud us so fully that only the

the proof and all of the evidence first. It seems hard most penetrating and persistent faith will send a

to take things on faith. beam beyond it.

When will we learn that in spiritual things it works As we exercise faith we can do as did Nephi, who the other way about—that believing is seeing? Spiritual said: "And I was led by the Spirit, not knowing bebelief precedes spiritual knowledge. When we believe forehand the things which I should do."(l Ne. 4:6. )0

Beyond

By Betty Ventura

/ was far beyond the power of prayer,

I said—Past any fervent plea or desperate hope;

I stood ivithiii a place of solemn dread,

A black and fearsome land, no wider than one soul—my own!

No one, no luord to save.

Yet in that narrow ivay.

There crept somehoiv a murmured sound,

A throb of thought, that tvhispered, "Pray!"

And somehow doubting heart, resisting soul refound their way to prayer.

Then courage, faith, strive on—oh, many

words were there, And God's own gentle peace in all and everywhere.

And this I learned from outnumbered thought, from need, from black despair:

There is no night too dark, no space too small, no void too vast;

There is no point beyond the poiver of prayer!

November 1968 63 Repentance. The second principle

of the gospel is represented by this

Robert Skemp painting. With other

"first principle"paintings, it is displayed in the "purpose of life"rooms at visitors centers.

Ten

By President A. Theodore Tuttfe

Of the First Council o the Seventy

O Have you ever had a dream in which you were is none more essential to the salvation of the human to be the center of attraction—the main event—in a family than the divine and eternally operative prinlovely and formal setting? Just before your entrance ciple, repentance. Without it, no one can be saved.

somehow you fell into the mud, tore your clothes, Without it, no one can even progress."

and became besmirched and dirty. Were you not Just what is repentance and how does it work? This

frantic, trying to clean up and mend and make yourprinciple might be more easily understood if it were self presentable? Was there not a desperation about likened to something that we already know about.

leaving the scene, disappearing, or just getting away, Repentance is like soap. It is the soap of life. Like

anywhere but there? Were you not relieved to find soap, it washes away the sins of life. It is to be used

that it was only a dream, and that upon awakening as frequently as necessary. One must keep in mind,

you could erase the humiliation and embarrassment however, that misuse—lack of thorough cleansing and

you had experienced with a grateful sigh and a halfhearted effort—may result in "tattletale gray."

fervent hope that the dream would never actually Properly used, however, the soap of life cleanses happen? thoroughly, completely, and permanently.

A dream like this gives you some appreciation for Repentance, then, is godly sorrow for sin that leads one of the greatest principles of the gospel: repentance. to change and to works of righteousness. As Elder

Repentance answers a universal need. Consider Bruce R. McConkie has written:

for a moment how hopeless our condition in this life, "Repentance is the process whereby a mortal souland in the next, would be without this glorious unclean and stained with the guilt of sin—is enabled

principle! to cast off the burden of guilt, wash away the filth

President David O. McKay has said: "Every prinof iniquity, and become clean every whit, entirely

ciple and ordinance of the gospel of Jesus Christ is free from the bondage of sin.

significant and important in contributing to the "To gain forgiveness through repentance a person progress, happiness, and eternal life of man; but there must have a conviction of guilt, a godly sorrow for

64 Improvement Era ife.

ii.hftbiJil. I in.

jrif

im T

7<i*r-f* CJiiyizr,v /:j'

sin, and a contrite spirit. He must desire to be contrite spirit. As to forgiveness the Lord has said:

relieved of the burden of sin, have a fixed determina- "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will forgive, but of tion to forsake his evil ways, be willing to confess you it is required to forgive all men."(D&C 64:10.)

his sins, and forgive those who have trespassed against Some people, while willing to forgive others, are not him; he must accept the cleansing power of the willing to forgive themselves after having followed the

blood of Christ as such is offered through the waters proper steps of repentance.

of baptism and the conferral of the Holy Ghost."The Lord has said that every man must repent or

(Bruce R. McConkie, Mormon Doctrine, p. 630.) suffer. To escape this suffering, a man must repent

When our Heavenly Father organized this earth and accept the gospel of Jesus Christ. The Lord reand put his children here, he first gave them faith, vealed, through the Prophet Joseph, this significant

to move them to action. It is inconceivable, however, concept:

that man, given his free agency and in a universe of "Therefore I command you to repent—repent, lest

law, should do all things perfectly. His faith, as a I smite you by the rod of my mouth, and by my wrath,

motivating force, might cause him to do some wrong and by my anger, and your sufferings be sore—how

or even evil things. Hence, in order to progress, man sore you know not, how exquisite you know not, yea,

must follow the second great universal law, repentance. how hard to bear you know not.

From the beginning the "For behold, I, God, have gospel has been called the suffered these things for gospel of repentance. It all, that they might not

was taught to Adam thusly, suffer if they would repent;

and it has been taught as "But if they would not such in every dispensation. repent they must suffer

In our dispensation the even as I;

restored gospel is also called "Which suffering caused the gospel of repentance, myself, even God, the and our mission is to cry greatest of all, to tremble repentance to the people because of pain, and to today. bleed at every pore, and

Repentance begets forto suffer both body and givenesss. The Lord has spirit—and would that I

given some clear instrucmight not drink the bitter tions concerning both recup, and shrink—

pentance and forgiveness: "Nevertheless, glory be

"Behold, he who has repented of his sins, the same to the Father, and I partook and finished my preparais forgiven, and I, the Lord, remember them no more,"tions imto the children of men."(D&C 19:1519.)

(D&C 58:42.) Only when we understand this fully can we underThis is a marvelous and comforting declaration, stand the importance of the atonement of the Savior

that if a man has repented of his sins he is forgiven! in our personal lives. He has paid the price for our

And then the Lord adds that he no longer remembers sins. It is conditioned upon our repentance, accepting

them. All of this, of course, is dependent upon rehim and his gospel, and living his commandments.

pentance. The whole gospel plan is brought into focus when

How do we then measure repentance? In the next we understand omresponsibility to accept the gospel.

verse the Lord tells us: "By this ye may know if a man In this we qualify for all of the blessings of the

repenteth of his sins—behold, he will confess them atonement. Once having achieved this condition, the

and forsake them."(D&C 58:43.) challenge for Latterday Saints is to retain this reOur responsibility, then, is twofold in moral sins pentance and the spirit thereof.

requiring it: (1) to confess to the proper Church King Benjamin explains both the necessity and

authority (usually our bishop), and (2) to put away possibility of so doing:

our sins from us. "And again I say unto you as I have said before,

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has said that there that as ye have come to the knowledge of the glory

is room for considerable doubt as to "the efficacy of of God, or if ye have known of his goodness and have an admission as a confession."To obtain forgiveness, tasted of his love, and have received a remission of

we are to bring to the Lord a humble heart and a your sins, which causeth such exceeding great joy in

66 Improvement Era your souls, even so I would that ye should remember, hungry, or naked; neither will ye suffer that they

and always retain in remembrance, the greatness of transgress the laws of God, and fight and quarrel one

God, and your own nothingness, and his goodness and with another, and serve the devil, who is the master longsuffering towards you, unworthy creatures, and of sin, or who is the evil spirit which hath been spoken humble yourselves even in the depths of humility, of by our fathers, he being an enemy to all righcalling on the name of the Lord daily, and standing teousness.

steadfastly in the faith of that which is to come, which "But ye will teach them to walk in the ways of was spoken by the mouth of the angel. truth and soberness; ye will teach them to love one

"And behold, I say unto you that if ye do this ye another, and to serve one another."(Mosiah 4:1115.)

shall always rejoice, and be filled with the love of One day we will not be dreaming. We will be

God, and always retain a remission of your sins; and ushered before the judgment bar of the Lord. There

ye shall grow in the knowledge of the glory of him we shall stand either besmirched, dirty, and unclean, that created you, or in the knowledge of that which is or by acceptance and application of the great and just and true. marvelous gift of cleansing—by the soap of life—we

"And ye will not have a mind to injure one another, may stand clean, forgiven, and pure before the Lord, but to live peaceably, and to render to every man acThe next time you use soap, you might also want to cording to that which is his due. think of cleansing your spirit by applying the soap of

"And ye will not suffer your children that they go life, the universal law of repentance. O

Unsung

By Pamela Dawn Reber (Age 15)

He sighed.

And as he sighed, somewhere a leaf trembled and fell.

Some %vho stood around him became silent for an instant,

Then began to shout and curse.

And some prayed.

He spoke.

And as he spoke, the wind ceased; and somewhere a blind man saw.

Those ivho listened carefully will say a muffled groan escaped his lips.

But few listened.

He wept.

And as he ivept, a traveler paused on his journey a thousand miles away

And wept with him.

There were those who crept away to hide so that no one would see,

And they also wept.

He died.

And as he died, they robbed him even of his blood.

A mountain crumbled... a sea raged... and a hundred thousand angels

Parted a veil and descended to meet his spirit.

"... {when} they that were with him, tvatching..., saw the earthquake,

and those things that ivere done, they feared greatly, saying.

Truly this was the Son of God."(Matt. 27:54.)

November 1968 67 Baptism. Baptism by immersion for

the remission of sins, an important gospel ordinance, is depicted in this painting by Robert S/temp.

% 'Baptism By Presidentsident PaulPaul H.H. DunnDunn i

Sfi Of the First Council of the Seventy

The apostle Paul in his epistle to the Romans gave making it fit for the kingdom of Heaven. With faith

us meaningful insight into the principle of baptism and repentance, which must always precede it, and when he said: the authority of the priesthood, which must always

"... wc are buried with him by baptism into death: administer it, baptism constitutes the doorway by

that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the which all mankind enters into Christ's kingdom.

glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in "... Except a man be born of water and of the

newness of life. Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."

"For if we have been planted together in the like- (John 3:5.)

ness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of In those few simple words, spoken to Nicodemus, his resurrection."(Rom. 6:4-5.) "a ruler of the Jews,"the Savior set forth the meaning,

Baptism is the sign of the covenant that men make the mode, the purpose, and the necessity of baptism.

with Jesus Christ when they take upon them his name To add meaning to the principle of baptism, let us and become members of the spiritual body of which examine what it is like and what difference baptism he is the head. Alma the elder understood baptism should make in the lives of those who accept the

as a covenant to obey the Father. He said: Savior's plan. Baptism denotes a change, a renewing,

"Now I say unto you, if this be the desire of your a rebirth, and a burying of the past, with desire and hearts, what have you against being baptized in the intent to live righteously in the future. Man, by exername of the Lord, as a witness before him that ye cising the choices of his free agency, is a creature of

have entered into a covenant with him, that ye will mistakes. The consequences of these mistakes might

serve him and keep his commandments, that he may well rob him of the true pleasures of this life and of pour out his Spirit more abundantly upon you?"the blessings in the life to come. Through baptism,

(Mosiah 18:10.) lives can be cleansed of past mistakes and a rebirth

But that is not all. Baptism is the divinely apliterally experienced.

pointed means of cleansing the soul from sin and In all of nature, the Lord has used periods of

68 Improvement Era

rebirth. I often think of withered and worn leaves follow the physical act: "And the first fruits of rethat fall from the trees in autumn and how these same pentance is baptism; and baptism cometh by faith

trees blossom forth in a rebirth with new leaves the unto the fulfilling the commandments; and the fulnext spring. The ugly scars and blemishes of the filling the commandments bringeth remissions of sins;

trees are then buried, and new life covers the earth. "And the remission of sins bringeth meekness, and

The principle of burial and rebirth is also observable lowliness of heart; and because of meekness and lowin various phases of our society. This may be illusliness of heart cometh the visitation of the Holy

trated in the business field. A businessman who does Ghost...."(Moro. 8:2526.)

not put his losses and failures out of his mind and live To impress upon the minds of men the importance constantly in the hope of the present and future soon of the ordinance of baptism, Jesus came from Galilee loses his courage and faith. The memory of past to Jordan to be baptized by John. John, knowing of

failures destroys his faith and incentive. During the sinlessness of the Savior, forbade him, saying, "I

business depressions, when some individuals lose have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou fortunes almost overnight, one may observe this to me?"Whereupon Jesus, answering, said: "Suffer it

principle at work. Those who have never learned to to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all

bury the past and live afresh allow the memory of their righteousness...."(Matt. 3:1315.)

losses to rob them of appeElder Orson F. Whitney,

tite and sleep until their writing on the subject, health is broken and a bitmade this interesting note:

ter hell on earth becomes "There are some who contheir lot. The businessman tend tliat the baptism of

who succeeds is the one Jesus sufficed for all; that

who is forever burying the it answered for the whole mistakes and failures of human race, thus obviatthe past and who lives in ing the necessity of baptism the hope of tomorrow. in general. To all such I

There is a certain deterput this question: Can you

mination that great men conceive of a kingdom in feel as they make new diswhich the king is required coveries and correct old to obey the laws ordained flaws. Consider the experifor its government, while

ence of Henry Ford. At the the subject is not required

peak of his success, a friend to obey them? Far more

asked him this question; "Mr. Ford, what would you likely, is it not, that the King, rather than the subject,

do if you should suddenly lose all of the holdings would be exempt from that obedience?

you've built up?"Mr. Ford thought hardly a second "But the laws of Christ's kingdom are impartial,

before he said, with a gleam in his eye and a fist bearing with equal pressure upon all. The Son doeth

tightened in determination, "Give me ten years, and nothing but what He hath seen the Father do, nor does

I would build it all back again."This statement conHe requii-e from men an obedience that He himself

tains, I beheve, the spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ. is not willing to render. 'Follow me,'is the watchword

How often the words of the Master rang out over of his mission. He did not say: 'Thus it becometh

the streets of Jerusalem: "Go thy way and sin no me to fulfill all righteousness.'He used the plural

more."In other words, bury the past with all of pronoun 'US'—and it meant just what it said."

its sin, mistakes, and shortcomings, and build a new Nephi saw in vision the baptism of the Savior and life. It is through the ordinance of baptism that we taught

make our new start and commit ourselves to Christ's "And now, if the Lamb of God, he being holy, way of Hfe. The change wrought by baptism comes should have need to be baptized by water, to fulfil

from within. It usually follows rather than accomall righteousness, O then, how much more need have

panies the physical and mechanical act of baptism. we, being unholy, to be baptized, yea, even by water!

... wherein the Lamb ofNephi says: "... For the gate by which ye should enter "And now, I would ask

is repentance and baptism by water; and then cometh God did fulfil all righteousness in being baptized by

a remission of your sins by fire and by the Holy Ghost."water?

(2 Ne. 31:17.) "Know ye not that he was holy? But notwithstandMormon gives insight regarding blessings that ing he being holy, he showeth unto the children of

70 Improvement Era men that, according to the flesh he humblcth himself The word baptism itself means to immerse, and before the Father,... that he would be obedient unto baptism is a symbol of the death, burial, and resurhim in keeping his commandments."(2 Ne. 31:5-7.) rection of Christ. "Buried with him in baptism,

Baptism, then, is a man's witness to both Deity and wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith men that he has faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, that of the operation of God, who hath raised him from he desires to take upon himself the name of Christ, the dead."(Col. 2:12.)

and that he earnestly seeks to become his true disciple. Only those who have been given the authority from

Alma at the waters of Mormon said: God have the right to baptize. The ancient apostles

"... as ye are desirous to come into the fold of were given this authority and commanded to "go ye

God, and to be called his people, and are willing to therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the bear one another's burdens, that they may be light; name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy

"Yea, and are willing to mourn with those that Ghost."(Matt. 28:19.) This authority was given to

mourn; yea, and comfort those that stand in need of other officers in the early Church, and they likewise

comfort, and to stand as witnesses of God at all times baptized converts into the Church, and in all things, and in all places that ye may be in, During the period of the apostasy, there were men even until death, that ye may be redeemed of God, who assumed the authority of God and baptized and be numbered with those of the first resurrection, people into their congregations. They did not underthat ye may have eternal life."(Mosiah 18:8-9.) stand that "no man taketh this honour [the priesthood]

The Lord, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, said: unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was

"... All those who humble themselves before God, Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.) Apparently, they did not realize

and desire to be baptized, and come forth with broken that man does not take unto himself the right to hearts and contrite spirits, and witness before the officiate in the sacred ordinances of God. It is man's

church that they have truly repented of all their sins, responsibility to prepare himself to receive that right and are willing to take upon them the name of Jesus from someone who has received it from Deity and is

Christ, having a determination to serve him to the directed by the Lord to pass it on.

end, and truly manifest by their works that they have On May 15, 1829, the authority to baptize was rereceived of the Spirit of Christ unto the remission of stored to the earth. Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery,

their sins, shall be received by baptism into his while translating the Book of Mormon, came to a church."(D&C 20:37.) passage concerning baptism that was of great imMan, through understanding the responsibility of portancc to them. The contents touched them so

baptism as it has been revealed throughout the ages deeply that they retired to the woods at Harmony, and applying the principle in his life, becomes an Pennsylvania, to pray concerning it. In answer to

heir to eternal life. Baptism is a sacred ordinance not their prayer, John the Baptist appeared and conferred

to be taken lightly. It is not for the curious or the upon them the Aaronic Priesthood, saying, "Upon you

experimenter. It is for those who are willing to repent my fellow servants, in the name of the Messiah I

and who are capable and desirous of being witnesses confer the Priesthood of Aaron, which holds the keys with faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel of

In the Church of Jesus Christ today as well as anrepentance, and of baptism by immersion for the'ciently, the proper mode of baptism is immersion. If remission of sins; and this shall never be taken again

immersion had not been the correct form, Paul would from the earth, until the sons of Levi do offer again not have compared baptism to burial and resurrecan offering unto the Lord in righteousness."(D&C 13.)

tion (see Rom. 6:3-5; Col. 2:12), nor would he have Shortly after this Joseph and Oliver baptized each

seen any resemblance between baptism and the other. Again, the divine ordinance of baptism had

passage of the Israelites through the Red Sea. (See been established upon the earth for the salvation and

1 Cor. 10:1-2.) exaltation of man, but now for the last time.

The New Testament testifies that when Jesus was This fundamental principle of baptism, proclaimed baptized, he "went up straightway out of the water, of old, remains unaltered today; it is true and will not

..."(Matt. 3:16.) "And John also was baptizing in change. The elders of The Church of Jesus Christ of

Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water Latterday Saints have been commissoned in almosf there...."(John 3:23.) The Book of Mormon further the same words as those used in the primitive church:

records the Savior saying, "And then.shall ye immerse "Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every

them in the water, and come forth again out of the creature, acting in the authority which I have given water. And after this manner shall ye baptize in my you, baptizing in the name of the Father, and of the

name...."(3 Ne. 11:2627.) Son, and of the Holy Ghost."(D&C 68:8.) O

November 1968 71 The Gift of the Holy Ghost. The ordinance of the laying on of hands by

those who are in authority is beautifully portrayed in another Robert

Skemp painting.

tofthe Ghost

Mi WBy President S. Dilworth Young,

-v.::rt!t: Of the First Council of the Seventy

As the young child sits on the chair in front of the can infer that the manifestation at this time was in fast meeting congregation, he is slowly surrounded by the form of a bird—a dove. From that beginning the

men—two, three, or four in number. These lay their events in which the Holy Ghost is mentioned are of

hands on the head of the child. In such a manner wide variety.

all who have been baptized, young and old, are conWe read that a man must be born of water and firmed as members of the Church and are given the of the Spirit to see the kingdom of God (John 3:3-5);

Holy Ghost. The words are simple and important: that the Holy Ghost will teach all things and bring

"... and we confirm you a member of The Church them to the apostles'remembrance (John 14:26);

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and say unto you, that Christ confirmed the Holy Ghost on his apostles receive the Holy Ghost."The prayer of blessing which (John 20:22); that the Holy Ghost was manifest in

follows is not an essential part of the ordinance. It tongues of fire and caused the apostles to speak in

is an important part, however. Blessings by the tongues and prophesy (Acts 2:1-4); that Stephen being

priesthood are always important. full of the Holy Ghost saw God and Christ (Acts

Most of those who receive the ordinance know what 7:55); that the Spirit directed Philip and then caught

is meant by a confirmation into the Church. But they him away (Acts 8:29, 39).

neither know what it is to receive the Holy Ghost, nor In these many accounts, one sees the one common do they comprehend how the gifts come from its denominator, the Holy Ghost, but it is not made clear reception. Most of those who receive this boon, which how the gift was made to function in such a wide

is priceless in its nature, experience no new sensations variety of circumstances. In his revelation in our day,

at the time. If they expect a manifestation, they are the Lord declared the physical nature of the Father,

often disappointed. the Son, and the Holy Ghost.

In the minds of most Christian people, knowledge "The Father has a body of flesh and bones as of the Holy Ghost begins with the baptism of Christ. tangible as man's; the Son also; but the Holy Ghost

The language of the Bible is vague enough that one has not a body of flesh and bones, but is a personage

72 Improvement Era >H of spirit. Were it not so, the Holy Ghost could not everywhere and commanded them that they should

dwell in us."(D&C 130:22.) repent."(Moses 5:14.)

The difference is one of tabernacle. In all respects We notice that it was established from the beginning

of purpose, power, and glory attributed to Godhood, of the preaching of the gospel that the witness was to they are one. The Father and Son have bodies of be by the Holy Ghost. The Lord preached the gospel

flesh and bones. We can understand that. We have by this means continually except on those occasions

bodies of flesh and bones; and while we do not in which he himself appeared to men and delivered

comprehend the glory of a celestial, resurrected body, his message personally. He maintains this principle

we can know, in a manner, the solidity and form of of communication and this practice in this day.

flesh and bones. We cannot visualize a "personage"The Father and the Son spoke to Joseph Smith.

of spirit quite as easily. We know that a personage The Son sent Moroni, John the Baptist, Peter, James,

is a special type of person. But how does one picture and John, Moses, Elias, and others to deliver messages

in his mind a personage of spirit dwelHng within us, and confer power, but the guidance to the Church and filling us, warming us, and testifying to us of Christ? the doctrine were revealed by the Holy Ghost "whisAll of these things the Holy Ghost can do and, when pering"to the Prophet. The wordsideas—came into

we are in complete harmony with him, does. his mind by that Spirit, and the Prophet dictated them

Since all those who are after the manner of his own baptized are given the gift language.

of the Holy Ghost, how can The gifts of the Spirit it be that he is "in us"at were anciently explained the same time? He is a perbyPaul.( Seel Cor. 1213.)

sonage and therefore must In our day we have been personally visit us one at a told some of them as foltime. But he has an imlows: To some is given by

mense power, by which he the Holy Ghost the gift to influences men. Men who know that Jesus Christ is

have the right to receive the Son of God; to others

that power will feel it and the gift to believe on their will receive. words; to some the gift to

The Spirit sends forth know the differences of adtruth—all truth—in many ministration; to others the

tongues and to many places gift to know the diversities at the same time. A person of operations, whether they

may learn universal truth ( witness the vision of be of God; to many are given the gift of the word

Joseph Smith recorded in Section 76 of the Docof wisdom, the gift of the word of knowledge, the trine and Covenants) or he may be inspired to know gift to be healed, the gift to have faith to heal, what to do about a secret, personal matter. the gift of working of miracles, the gift to prophesy, the

For us it is sufficient to know that he is the Holy gift to discern spirits, the gift to speak in tongues,

Ghost—the Holy Spirit—one of the three beings who the gift to interpret tongues. (See D&C 46.) From this

compose the grand presidency of heaven. last statement it becomes known that while the gifts of

The book of Moses tells how Adam "was caught the Spirit are many, they have wide distribution among away by the Spirit of the Lord, and was carried down the faithful. And yet they are all sent forth and coninto the water, and was laid under the water, and trolled by the Holy Ghost.

was brought forth out of the water. One dav in 1839 the President of the United States

"And he heard a voice out of heaven, saying: Thou asked Joseph Smith the difference between his Church

art baptized with fire, and with the Holy Ghost. This and the other churches of the day. Joseph's reply

is the record of the Father, and the Son, from hencewas:

forth and forever."(Moses 6:64, 66.) "... we differed in mode of baptism, and the gift

Following this God declared Adam to be a son of of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands. We

God and added, "and thus may all become my sons."considered that all other considerations were con-

(Moses 6:68.) tained in the gift of the Holy Ghost, and we deemed

That day also saw the establishment of the practice it unnecessary to make many words in preaching the of the Lord's speaking through the Holy Ghost: "And Gospel to him."(Documentary History of the Church,

the Lord God called upon men by the Holy Ghost Vol. 4, p. 42.) If that is the difference, then members

74 Improvement Era of the Church are guided by the Holy Ghost and the priesthood through the gift of the Holy Ghost;

members of other churches are not. This is a disand the sweet Spirit of comfort and hope has lighted

quieting statement to those of other faiths. It is far their hours of sorrow and death. The secrets of eterless so than the declaration made to the boy prophet nity have been unlocked to the faithful as their

when he was told (speaking of the churches) to join minds are impressed by revelation of truth, not only none of them, for "they teach for doctrines the comas it is but also as it is to be.

mandments of men, having a form of godliness, but Truly this is the Comforter promised by the Lord they deny the power thereof."(Joseph Smith 2:19.) when he said he would send the Comforter who

We affirm that the Holy Ghost bears witness to would lead us into all truth.

those who, not members, seek to know the truth. Once we know of the Holy Ghost and his great

Moroni makes that clear in the tenth chapter of place in the heavenly presidency, as well as the variety

Moroni in the Book of Mormon. But the Holy Ghost of gifts that come from him, we can see that each of

does not continue to do so if they reject the witness. the events mentioned at the beginning of this article

His purpose is to witness the truth. The ultimate demonstrate different occasions in which the Spirit

truth is that God the Father and Jesus Christ his Son was made manifest.

are exalted personages of flesh and bones; that the Perhaps it will be well to listen to the conSon was commanded to cern expressed by President

create the world and to beBrigham Young, taking to come its Savior and Reourselves its warning;

deemer; that the Son was "It was asked me by a

crucified and died for the gentleman how I guided sins of the world and was the people by revelation. I

resurrected and exalted to teach them to live so that his rightful place as King the Spirit of revelation may of kings and Lord of lords; make plain to them their

that he has estabhshed his duty day by day that they

Church and kingdom sevare able to guide themeral times on earth, but selves. To get this revelathat he has allowed free tion it is necessary that the

agency to govern, and has people live so that their given Satan freedom to spirits are as pure and tempt men; that the Church clean as a piece of blank

was driven from the earth; paper that lies on the desk

that now for the last time it has been reestablished to before the inditer, ready to receive any mark the writer prepare for his second coming to reign during the may make upon it. When you see the Latterday Saints

prophesied millennium. To this the Holy Ghost bears greedy, and covetous of the things of this world, do

witness, by his power, into the hearts of men. you think their minds are in a fit condition to be

Acting as the agent of Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost written upon by the pen of revelation? When people

witnesses the truth to the hearts of all who will listen will live so that the Spirit of revelation will be with for the truth; he guides the searcher to the truth of them day by day, they are then in the path of their

the gospel; and those who have been given that gift duty; if they do not live according to this rule, they

have his influence in their daily lives. live beneath their duty and privileges. I hope and

One who is the recipient of this great gift may ask pray that we may all live up to our privileges. Amen."

for help in his daily activities, in his financial, business, (Journal of Discourses, Vol. 2, June 3, 1866, pp.

social, and religious affairs. And if he is righteous, 24041.)

the Spirit of truth will guide him in that righteousness. In a dream in which Brigham Young went to visit

By his power Church members have received glorious Joseph Smith, the Prophet Joseph gave him the revelations. following instruction:

Many individuals have been led to take the "Joseph stepped toward me, and looking very right steps in choosing mates, in their financial activiearnestly, yet pleasantly, said: 'Tell the people to be

ties, in their family associations. They have been humble and faithful, and be sure to keep the spirit of

warned of approaching calamities, and being warned, the Lord and it will lead them right. Be careful and

they were prepared to circumvent them. They have not turn away the small still voice; it will teach them

seen their sick brought to health by the blessings of what to do and where to go; it will yield the fruits of

November 1968 75 the kingdom. Tell the brethren to keep their hearts Father in Heaven organized the human family, but

open to conviction, so that when the Holy Ghost they are all disorganized and in great confusion.'

comes to them their hearts will be ready to receive it. "Joseph then shewed me the pattern, how they were

They can tell the spirit of the Lord from all spirits; it in the beginning. This I cannot describe, but I saw it,

will whisper peace and joy to their souls; it will take and saw where the priesthood had been taken from

malice, hatred, strife and all evil from their hearts; and the earth and how it must be joined together, so that

their whole desire will be to do good, bring forth there would be a perfect chain from Father Adam to righteousness and build up the kingdom of God. Tell his latest posterity. Joseph again said: 'Tell the

the brethren if they will follow the spirit of the Lord, people to be sure to keep the spirit of the Lord and they will go right. Be sure to tell the people to keep follow it, and it will lead them just right.'

the spirit of the Lord; and if they will, they will find Perhaps from these two instances the Latterday

themselves just as they were organized by our Father Saints will understand the importance of learning to in Heaven before they came into the world. Our live by the promptings of the Holy Ghost. O

The Holy Ghost

By Mabel Jones Gabbott

There was the day at Pentecost, the day

When men of Galilee spoke with power

In many tongues, hearing some few say:

"Drunk on new wine at this early hour."

Yet many listened and believed the Word.

Kirtland knew the sound as of a rushing wind,

While Joseph dedicated to the Lord

A house of prayer, of holiness, within.

And on a languid South Pacific isle

They brought a child for blessing; casually

The father said, "Apostle Coivley, while

You bless him, also make his eyes to see."

And it was done.... Great gifts the Holy Ghost

Has brought: of comfort, healing, faith, and love;

To some, the witness of Lord Jesus.... Most

Blessed is one gift, to me most choice:

That in my heart I hear his still, small voice.

76 Improvement Era TheEffects v ofAlcohol on \.KbMi'to createMansHealth

a Cleveland, Ohio, coroner hascom piled data over a 20year period (1943 it'sinaadeox through 1962) on tests for the presence of alcohol in every case in which the victim was over 15 years of age and survived less than 24 hours following injury on the onset of fatal sickness.

In such cases, alcohol proved to be present in the blood of:

40.0% of victims of violence

11.0% of industrialaccident victims

26.7% of suicides

44.0% of vehicular fatalities

63.8% of homicide victims

iVIoreover, these figures do not tell the whole story, since victims surviving longer than 24 hours metabolize the alcohol so that virtually none is present Is th0 DESERET NEWS at death. During 1966, the last year for which CHURCH

the figures have been released, tests NEWS showed alcohol present in the blood of:

38.5% of victims of home accidents

14.3% of victims of industrial accidents

50.0% of victims of vehicular accidents

27.5% of victims of other accidents

56.8% of homicides

34.5% of suicides

16.8% of victims of violence—undetermined origin

10.7% of deaths of natural causes

The coroner, commenting on this report, says that human conscience, intellect, and "common sense"disappear promptly when exposed to alcoEvery week the Deseret News DEBERCT NEWS 143 South Main Street hol. He went on to say, "Insight, dis- "Church News"Section brings CHURCH NEWS Salt Loke City, Utah - 841 1

cretion, rational thought processes, and LatterdayIt is an officialSaintsorgantogether.of the Please send subscription information on the "Church News."

the ability to make wise and reason Church and contains reports, Name able decisions are always vitiated, never instructionshould be inandeverynewsL.D.S.that home. Address

costs so enhanced, by the use of alcohol."O It

coupon nowlittle.for Mailinformation.this Cily State.

November 1968 77 Humility Reveals the Heavenly

"And it came to pass that Moses beheld the world and the ends looked, and beheld the world upon thereof, and all the children of men which he was created; and Moses which are, and which were created; of the same he greatly

Lawrence Read Flake, instructor in the marveled and wondered.

of at College Religion Brigham Young "And the presence of God withis in University, serving the bishopric of the BYU 46th Ward. drew from Moses, that his glory

was not upon Moses; and Moses

Richard L. Evans FAVORITE

STORIES The Spoken Word FROM WALT DISNEY FILMS ALL IN LIVING COLOR BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED THESE BOOKS BOUGHT there is emphasis on reducing work and on overAT 29c WOULD COST $15.95 SEPARATELY A /henever

idleness, there is also need to know of the blessing NOW—UNDER ONE COVER... \j \ /emphasizing

<"<L'V Vof work, the privilege of work, the pleasure of work—and of the

$4.95 unsatisfied needs of the whole wide world, and of the inner discontent

that comes without work. From a time when people, including children,

were pressed too much, too soon, too long into service, to their physical BIBLE and mental detriment, we have swung far to another side, with the young too often idle, and often prevented from acquiring the skills, STORIES the competence, the usefulness, the assurance and satisfaction that come OVER 500 PAGES

A PICTURE ON EVERY PAGE only with work. Doing constructive things is the basic law of life.

ALL IN LIVING COLOR Look at all creation, with all its wondrous physical functioning—mankind,

INSPIRATIONAL FOR CHURCH nature, rainfall, sunshine, the growing of the seed, and the infinite mind

TALKS AND SOME BIBLE READthat orders it all. Look at the glory and accomplishment of creatiori—

INGS PERFECT CHRISTMAS GIFT and then look at the dullness of doing nothing, or of doing not enough.

ONLY $4.95 "Thechildren,way youngto be nothingand old,is becometo do nothing,"frustrated,said unhappy,Nathaniel withHowe.littleMen,or

SAVE ONE DOLLAR limitedus with incentive,the privilegelittleoforworking,"hmited satisfactionsaid Presidentin service.McKay;"God".. has. workblessedis a

GET BOTH FOR divine gift.... too much leisure is dangerous.... Learn to like your

ONLY $8-90 work.... Learn to say, 'This is my work, my glory, not my doom.'"

CLIP COUPON BELOW AND MAIL TO: "A perpetual dream there has been of Paradise,"said Thomas Carlyle,

P. 0. BOX 429 "and some luxurious Lubberland, where... the trees bend with readyPRESTON, IDAHO 83263 baked viands; but it was a dream merely; an impossible dream....

m(Bm Is not labor the inheritance of man?... His highest... blessedness

is, that he toil, and know what to toil at....""When we look into

PLEASE SEND ME the long avenue of the future, and see the good there is for each of us

D 55 FAVORITE STORIES $4.95 to do,"wrote Robert Louis Stevenson, "we realize after all what a

G BIBLE STORIES $4.95 beautiful thing it is to work and to live and be happy."

D BOTH (SAVE $1.00) $8.90

'President David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals, p. 497. ''Thomas Carlyle, Characteristics.

Name "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System September 1, 1968.

Address 1968.

City. State Zip

n CHECK ENCLOSED MONEY ORDER ENCLOSED

78 Improvement Era &\h ojd raakiom f(yi (Mibmj Lights By Lawrence Read Flake Do your Christmas shopping in our Children's

World of Fun and Fashion. Toyland—brimwas left unto himself. And as ful of toys for amusement, education, exerhe was left to himself, he fell unto cise and hobbies. Fashion—all that's new

the earth. for infants through teens. All on our Children's

"And it came to pass that it was Floor, the Fifth. Come in, call or write to our

for the space of many hours bePersonal Shopping Service, Box 1465, Salt fore Moses did again receive his Lake City, Utah 841 10.

natural strength like unto man;

and he said unto himself: Now,

for this cause I know that man is nothing, which thing I never had supposed."(Moses 1:4, 8-10.)

Abraham, John the Revelator, State and Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah Joseph Smith, and others received this marvelous gift of humility by similar experiences. A miraculous

manifestation is not always necessary in order for orie to receive it, however. One who truly seeks light and truth and lives what he ANNOUNCING

understands will also grow toward

it. ''69 "That which is of God is light; OUR TOURS

and he that receiveth light, and Murdock Travel is pleased to announce its tour program continueth in God, receiveth more forprofessionals.1969. Each Enjoytour istravelpersonallyworryconductedfree on theseand exceptionalplanned by

light; and that light groweth tours. Us the handy coupon below and write today for

brighter and brighter until the more information.

perfect day."(D&C 50:24.) South America Jan. 6th, Feb. 28th 7 Europe June 4th, July 24th,

5th, Aug. Aug. 25th Feb. 14th, PacificPacific 7th Nov. This consists gift of of SputhSouth humility

1 7th, Oct. Southern Temples March 27th g CentralIslands Pacific 9th realization June the of the than more

6th, Hawaii 15th, Apr. May 1st June Mexico 21st, Ht$i difference of the between power

8th, 17th, July June—Northwest

it Oct. of 21st 14th, Aug. and the man; weakness God 14th July Temple Canadian r—

'also of includes an understanding April Oct. 15th, Holyland 7th July Pageant 25th 21 Cumorah

what man may become by the Orient Skousen June 6th, Oct. 15th 12 Scandinavia Aug. 12th Skousen

power of God. 14 South Aoin St. Salt Lake City, Utah

I have checked. Although the Lord blessed MURDOCK Please send me information on the tours

Moses with the realization of the TRAVEL, INC. [H H H HH H E 113

"nothingness"of man, he also Address City blessed him with the glorious truth that as a child of God, man is of FOR THIS great importance. "For behold,

this is my work and my glory—to

bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) JEWELRY CO.

ttiis 32amazing See 2WEST2ND. M039 how DA SOUTH this In to seeking develop

holds to book the key page 1 SALT CITY LAKE, UTAH a as success parent. greatest your all in virtues"of "foundation our

in children of habits to causes harmful Points of way remove the

LARGEST DEALER DIAMOND If while all prompt, helpinf you obedience ages. want cheerful lives, of INTERMOUNTAIN'S avoid the evils must we

now. in every for Booklet Free child advance your way send—

false humility and the necessity of Parents Association, Dept. 19711. Pleasant HIM, Otilo. 45359.

being "compelled to be humble."

Let us humbleourselves, thatthereThe U. S. Post Office

of receiving worthy by and The Improvement we may be Era your help. need

giving your zip us light that USE YOUR By revelations of heavenly code number, you will PLEASE ZIP CODE be assured speedy delivery of your Era.

November 1968 79 wse*"REAP A HARVEST

will lead us to an even higher men weakness that they may be level of humility—the Godgiven humble "(Eth. 12:27.) "And ingift of humility. asmuch as they were humble they

"Humility, like the darkness, remight be made strong...."(D&C

veals the heavenly lights."So 1:28.)

wrote Henry David Thoreau. What The third type might be termed

is humility? How does one obtain selfinduced humility. This is the

the kind of humility that will humility the scriptures command help him receive and understand us to obtain. "Be thou humble; and

OF GOOD HEALTH with a light from heaven? the Lord thy God shall lead thee

It has been said, "The greater by the hand, and give thee answer

LEE HOME FLOUR MILL the virtue, the more difficult to to thy prayers."(D&C 112:10.)

Put nature's boundless from energy whole define."How does one define love, "Therefore, blessed are they who flour right grain for on your table your

family to enjoy. faith, or integrity? The best we can humble themselves without being

all the flour whole Grind grain and cereal do is to identify some of their compelled to be humble...."(Al. right needs, family your kitchen. in your own

With home stone ground manifestations. So it is with what 32:16.)

flours, grain whole rolls, bread, pies, cakes your President David O. McKay has This kind of humility and how it

all pastries and taste referred to as "the foundation of is obtained and retained were Rich in better. highly

nutritious natural vitamins all virtues"—humility. described Benjamin: by King

minerals they are and In for better your so I seeking "... even to gain insight into would that ye

health family too. this most basic quality, let us exshould remember, and always rerich harvest Reap a

of bouyant health. amine it in four classifications. We tain in remembrance, the greatness

Write for information shall refer to the first as false of God, and yourown nothingness, and recipes.

humility. This is the humility, or and his goodness and longsuffer-

rather the lack of humility, that ing towards you, unworthy creaLEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. the Savior condemned in the tures, and humble yourselves even

Milwaukee, Wis., 5320 IE 1168 scribes and pharisees and others. in the depths of humility, calling

It is an outward sign of something on the name of the Lord daily, and that doesn't exist inwardly. "This standing steadfastly in the faith

m% MM people draweth nigh unto me with of that which is to come...."

their mouth, and honoureth me (Mosiah 4:11.) GIVE A

MUSICAL GIFT withfar fromtheirme."lips;(Matt.but their15:8.) heart is stantlySelfinducedbeing onhumilityguard thatis conwe

Next, let us consider compelled don't forget that God is our CreaMARTIN GUITARS humility, which is evidenced when tor and more powerful than man.

circumstances to which we are subThe Psalmist reminds us:

GIBSON GUITARS jected cause us to suffer and force "Know ye that the Lord he is us to abandon vain pride and realGod: it is he that hath made us,

EKO GUITARS ize our weaknesses. Examples of and not we ourselves...."(Ps.

THOREN'S MUSIC BOXES this may be seen in times of pov100:3.)

erty, fear, loss of a loved one. In This type of humility is someKING BAND INSTRUMENTS speaking to some of the Zoramites thing that we must constantly

in one of these situations, Alma work to keep, because we seem

SLINGERLAND DRUMS said: to have a natural tendency to

"And now, because ye are comthink of ourselves as being more

LUDWIG DRUMS pelled to be humble blessed are ye; selfsufficient than we are.

for a man sometimes, if he is The last and highest classificaMASON & HAMLIN PIANOS compelled to be humble, seeketh tion of this noble virtue could be "Famous For The Finest"repentance; and now surely, whocalled the Godgiven gift of husoever repenteth shall find mercy; mility. This is humility that one Terms Available

and he that findeth mercy and enreceives as a natural result of righdureth to the end the same shall be teousness. It is neither false nor

MUSIC COMPANY saved."Compelled{Al. 32:13.)humility is often a closelycompelledrelatednor toselfinduced.light and truthIt is

NEW ADDRESS blessing from God. "... I give unto and righteousness, and it increases

65 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Phone: 3646518

80 Improvement Era ireeia yaur serviceman or or diminishes as they do. It conamazement the scriptural quesmissMonary

sists of a realization of where we tion, "What is man, that thou art really are in relation to God and mindful of him?"(Ps. 8:4.) Bring a little bit of home to your

his great plan. An example of this Godgiven serviceman or missionary overseas.

will send a As we seek for it and live worgift of humility may be seen in an 2-footMODERNminiatureDISPLAYartificial Christmas thily, God gives us more light and experience of Moses. Because of tree anywhere in the world, to a

truth by personal revelation. As our his righteousness, the Lord blessed member of the U.S. armed

vision of his whole plan is enhim with greater light and truth by forcesPrice includesor to ornaments,a missionary.

treetop, miniature larged, we gain a clearer view of giving him a limited view of some garland,lights, stand and postage.

the contrast between man as he of his creations: $5.99

really is and God as he really is. "And, behold, thou art my son; The Post Office Department

The overwhelming magnitude of wherefore look, and I will show recommendstor assured earlythe arrival.following deadlines

this realization leaves us with a thee the workmanship of mine Far East: SurfaceAir Mail MailDecember- October10 15

Mail Europe: Surface

all, but not hands; might be obthan humility deeper for my works 11November

Air Mail 10, - December in are... without end. ask tained in way. any other O We

Order by mail or phone

are South two unacceptable Seventh East assumptions: the that assumption we flfQflf There JlV 436Salt Lake City, Utah UlSriflHI ourselves can hurt others, without hurting the assumptioia and that

we can hurt others without hurting ourselves. The words of

John Muir come to mind: "When we try to pick out anything by itself,

1 we find it hitched to everything else in the universe."We are all of us

interrelated. Young people cannot hurt themselves without hurting

parents and all the people they are part of. We all carry around with

us the reputation, the interests, of others as well as our own—of family

and friends, community and country. The success of children is the

success of parents. The sorrow of children is the sorrow of parents.

If a person partakes of things that impair his physical or mental capacity, he loses in some degree what he could have been, what he could have done, and the world loses—and his loved ones lose. If by some wrong

or foolish choice, some indifference to facts, some willful ignoring of law—the laws of health, the laws of life—if by this someone becomes ill

or injured or impaired in capacity, others must care for him. If a life

is prematurely lost, or lessened, the world is less. Some centuries ago,

John Donne summarized in some moving, sobering words that have been much sung and said: "No man is an island, entire of itself....

Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind.

And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

thee."We cannot hurt ourselves without hurting others. We cannot designs in white and latest parchments.

hurt others without hurting ourselves. This, young people—indeed, all accessories.Matching MormonOne dayalbums,rush napkins,order service.other

of us—would well remember, for, in success or sorrow, families, friends,

loved ones belong to each other, and if we hurt ourselves or misuse our lives, the hurt carries over to others also. "No man is an island."

tor catalog samples, refunded & 25c John Muir, "My First Summer in the Sierra."-John Donne, in the seventeenth century Meditation. Send

if order. air mail desired.) on first (50c

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 25, 1968.

Name - 1968.

Address -

City. Zone, State -

November 1968 81 By George Durrant his teachings, but at the same time,

World War II, combined with the Koreans were confused other world events, in an indirect way because the good they had read and opened the door for increased heard about Christianity was interest in Christianity in South Korea. quite different from the questionable

During the period following the conduct observed in soldiers

Korean War, I was there as a who supposedly were Christians.

member of the United States Army.

Korean civilians came into our

Shortly after arriving in this camp each day to perform and, I observed that some people the menial tasks that were undesirable were excited about Christ and to us, such as K.P. They, in

turn, were paid, and the arrangements made both groups happy. As

they went about our camp they, like us, used the dirt paths that led between the weeds and other growth. When American soldiers

and Koreans met on the paths, the Koreans jumped aside into the weeds while the soldiers proudly passed by.

Observing this situation, it occurred

Advertisement With Chart-A-Matic perpetualuse chartforms you will never again have to dig through your permanent Ward Organization or

Home Teaching records when you need a name FAST. It will be

Bishoprics: alwaysright thereaccurate,on yourbecausewall chartChart-

A-Matic can be kept upto-theminute with felttip pens that contain water soluable inks that wipe off the directlaminated Mylar surface with a flick of aWhat's damp cloth or tissue.

inOrganization Chart-A-Maticgoing on cludesThe new 24"x 36"Ward blanks of for the names

>H> V<I,,,,, your Stake Presidency through -in your all officers and teachers—from priesthood auxquorums and

. iliaries, all the way to the ward

Old Folks Committee. are There

sections -. - even of for the names

—your ward's missionaries and

servicemen.

-"- The companion 24"x 36"IHome Teaching Chart-A-Matic = - has ample spaces for the names

With; ofhood)all Homeand theTeachersfamilies(byassignedpriestto well them, as for as sectionsChart-A-Matic unassigned and visit members

: "tabulations. percentagechartforms ": ""

Bishoprics Break for Busy A Realyou can see LIBERTY Organization Chart. Ward

Anodized aluminum frame and tray. Withat a glance 6 feltMARKETING tipped 24"X 36", pens. Gold/Black $19.95

Home Teaching Chart. CORPORATION

Anodized aluminum frame and tray. With 6 felt125 North East 300

tipped pens. 24"x 36", Gold/Black $19.95 84601 ProvaUtah

—Bookstores, dealers office supply

here's a wonderful to stock. Telephone (801) 3753680 for you new Item

to me that this was not the way some of the ways that the G.i.'s KodakDEVELOPINGFilm

things should be. This was their had created to communicate with the

land, and we, if anyone, should move Koreans. One rather unusual

off the paths! Therefore, I made system consisted of a way to describe it a practice to move aside the goodness or badness of SAVE?S507o

let that the something by calling the pass on Koreans and also which but path. was very one"FAST, CONVENIENT good "number amazed They seemed

pleased. Soon I learned many and that which was very bad QUALITY SERVICE

of their names, and as they "number ten."For example, if

passed I greeted them by name. we were talking to a Korean

about our good jeep, we would Months passed and I learned say, "This is a 'number one'

COLOR

KODACOLOR

Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints

Save77< $1.48.. $3.00 Save Richard L. Evans D 128 ExposureExposure Rolls;Rolls:...$2.55

ea. Save.20 9. $

with Greater The Spoken Word Supern ReprintsSize Printsfrom NegS:are 4x4 50%

Picture Area

KODACHROMEorEKTACHROME 'And that has made all the difference"Developed into Slides or Movie Film 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

looking back we often see where we took one way instead of an- $1.35 Save 750

Inother—where we might have done differently. This, in a somewhat 35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

different sense, is what happened to Scrooge in Dickens'Christmas $2.40 Save $1.00 D Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll;

Carol. He saw where and what he would be if he continued his present $1.35 Save 75c

course. But we don't need to be taken on tour by an unearthly messenger, as Scrooge was, to see in some respects the same thing. There BLACK & WHITE

is all the experience of the past, the laws, the principles, the wisdom

Developing and Jumbo Prints is all of history,of which the ages, the There of God. commandments

Rolls: Exposure 8.85 Save.. $ 5U n of cynical regardless things.has proved and disproved many And Rolls: 12... Exposure.00 Save $1 B8c

thinking and pandering to undisciplined appetites and inclinations, seek- D 20 Exposure Rolls;.. $1.35 Save $1.45

.. $2.00 Save $2.72ing to set aside the laws of life is finally fruitless—for in a very real sense D 36 Exposure Rolls;

the laws of health, the moral laws, the basic laws of life are selfenforcing.

And if we want to arrive at a place of peace and selfrespect, of compeGENEALOGY PHOTOS tence and accomplishment, we can choose the road in the same sense Negatives from old photos:

as a traveler decides where he wants to go, and looks at the map and $.60 Save40<

follows the signs to get there. He is going to arrive at where the road n Prints from negatives; $.08 Save 4f

he is traveling takes him. If he is traveling the wrong road, he is going INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill

entire below and address form in name Wrap film include your andto arrive at the wrong place, unless he changes direction. We have around in heavy exposed

it duty along envelope with your remittance is Nolife choice to live. live it. Whether ways to of many We have a

please C.O.D.'s order: $1.00 Minimum We

it is friends, respect, family,education, competence, peace—whatever full we credit pay return receive for You postage

want—we had better study the route, we had better learn the rules. anyUtah unprintableresidents addnegatives31/2% Stateor anySalesoverpayment.Tax.

Peace and happiness don't come by rebelliously traveling the wrong road. This from Robert Frost seems to summarize the subject: NAME fPLEASE PRINT)

"I shall be telling this with a sigh ADDRESS

Somewhere ages and ages hence: CITY STATE ZIP

Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no

I took the one less travelled by, charge D

And that has made all the difference."YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR

Robert Frost, "The Road Not Taken."jt"XP,e* The Spoken i */Wordj>i xfrom -rTemplei oSquare, MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED

presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 4, 1968. MAIL TODAY TO

1968. SAM'S PHOTO LAB

P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

November 1968 83 IS YOUR FAMILY PREPARED?

jeep."Or if it were a wreck, of corporal or higher, he would

we would say, "This is a 'number enter the mess hall and go to ten'jeep."a table where a Korean worker would

bring him his meal. All who

It was a rule at our camp that had lesser rank went through the if a soldier held the rank line for their own food.

Wheat is for man. Retain the valuable nutrients lost through other milling methods.

Use the wheat you now have stored and is [he] raised retelling for wise up from while need enjoying better tasting, men whom save money There nutritious food. more very principles to unto this purpose,"time the time on to make

BUY AN which freedom is founded, possible the full free living of life

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL and which continue to make it—and it is still the bulwark of freeTODAY rare among men. If we don't renew dom among men. We didn't do

—all this ourselves. But the price of Now available: High protein wheat for the telling of it to our children

use or storage. and to ourselves—it will be less enjoying the privileges is the price

For full information, write: and less understood or even lost. accepting the responsibilities—

"There is... an... inclination,"both personal and publicwith

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL said General Harbord, "to feel understanding, with temperance,

Dept. E P.O. Box 115 deep down inside ourselves that with liberty and respect for law,

Tremonton, Utah 84337 our blessings 'just happen'... and with an awareness "that freeOpenings available for full or parttime but the condition upon which dom and responsibility are insepsales representatives.

God has given liberty to man is arable."To cite from an inspired

eternal vigilance. "". '.. every citsource: "The laws and constitu-

. tion.. should of the people be izen liberty should that CHURCH & remember

... for the rights maintained and propass'. to did not just 'come H *="FURNITURE I"ka I"1HI >IIK flesh, It of all tection to according has step step—by won, been

and dearly won—through the cenjust and holy principles; that every

.. to act. It the according man turies. may dearly can be lost—and

Folding Chairs &TablesCATALOG

... given unto him, moral [it agency a fraction lost—in of the time Chairs Stacking

i Blackboards Lecterns every accountbe to may man build it. It took] can slip away that

Coat Racks Hat & TABlES!TABlES! '/i in for his sins able the day infringements. own through unnoticed De/iveryl Immadiafa I CHAIRS'CHAIRS!

cease to believe deeply in individfaith in the Constitution of our Adirondack124-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C. 10010... If great numbers of our citizens of judgment."We reaffirm our

itsee country. ual liberty, selfrespect And may we never tolerance, Points PITTSBURGH CHICAGO Shipping—

ATLANTA LOS DAllAS BOSTON.. interor silently whittled away selfreliance;. cease to ANGELES and

thrill with thankfulness for the preted out of intent.

Planning to Buy or Rent in inestimable freedoms they enjoy,

Irish judge and WASHINGTON, DC AREA? we may lose these priceless privorator,MohnquotedPhilpotby MajorCurran,General17501817,J- C. Harbord.

of as citizens other Harbord, |. G. Relative General Major "The P"ileges—evenFor Informationpacked

of the Individual Under Democratic and booklet: nations have."DESTINATION And so we here TotalitarianPosition States,"University at delivered address

&WASHINGTON of liomes,Gallery of fine Picture would reaffirm our faith in the Virginia.loseph Smith, "The Principles of Religion."

write Mrs. Jean Beck, Constitution of our country, "... Doctrine and Covenants 101:80.

Bill Rights. Russell, of the pamphlet on =DeanLDS, 6013... Leewood Dr. a glorious standard; a heavenly 101:7778. Doctrine and Covenants 703971-5340Alex. Va.

presented over Square, from Spoken Temple Word""The in the wisbanner;. founded

Broadcasting System, the September and Columbia KSL OR contact c 1968. 15, 1968. of the hands of God,"3—"by.. dom

r'* coMPANv,Nc McLcAN, Va.

REALTORS 22I01

84 Improvement Era There's more than One day I entered the hall, one way noticed the line was long, andsat down at a table with five of to stew a prune.

my friends who were eating while I waited for the line to get shorter. As I talked to the others

at the table, I felt someone at my elbow. I looked up, and standing

at my side with a tray of food was one of the Korean workers.

I realized that he was about to put the tray before me, so I pointed Mandarin prunes: Place 1 package (1 lb.) flavorsome

to the stripe on my arm and said, Del Monte Prunes in small saucepan with the liquid from 1 can "You can't serve me. I'm just (11 oz.) Del Monte Mandarin Oranges and 2 cups water. Cover

a private!"and simmer gently 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.

Add Mandarin Oranges. 5 servings.

He looked down at me with moistened eyes and quietly said, "I serve you. You a 'number

one'Christian!"

I know why the Korean worker judged me so. It was because

of the little things I'd done.

It's the little things that make a Cranberry prunes: Place 1 package (1 lb.) Del Monte

"number one"Christian, and Prunes in small saucepan; add IVi cups cranberry juice. Cover

the little things that, when added and simmer gently 20 minutes. 5 servings.

together, make up a big thing called "life."O

Prunes Repudiation

By Mildred N. Hoyer Free dried fruit recipe booklet: Send the red and yellow

shield from a Del Monte Dried Fruit package, along with your

Any resemblance name and address, to: Del Monte Dried Fruit Recipe Book

to the courtyard Offer, P.O. Box 4044, Clinton, Iowa 52732.

has vanished, SUPPORT YOUR UNITED FUND but the characters are present, all of them, lEMPIJiS including ] mples and the contemporary Peter, atterdaySaints

Same questions, Available in a special Erasize booklet.

same answers.... m% ANDIDEALMISSIONARYFOR HOME, USE.CLASSROOM, The cock crows,

40c a copy for 25 or more. but nobody hears. 50c a copy—

Order from

i IM I 79 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

November 1968 85 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

WhoTheyReaHyAre By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Several decades ago the common source of power was not any thing made that was made.

was Hterally horse power, It was a common sight to "In him was life; and the life was the light of men.

see a farmer with a fine team of horses plowing his "And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkfield or hauling hay. A common part of the harness ness comprehended it not.

was blinders that were fitted around the outside of "And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among the horse's eyes so he could not see to the right or us, ( and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only left—only straight ahead. These blinders made it begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth."

easier to drive and turn him. (John 1:1-5, 14.)

In a similar way Satan hopes to put blinders on The Savior had great power over evil and temptapeople so he can more easily drive and turn them. He tion because he knew who he was.

hopes to blind people to the understanding of who This leads us to ask directly, "Who am I?"

they really are. He wants to blind them to the fact We are the sons and daughters of God, and we lived

that they lived with God before entering mortality, with him before coming here. The apostle Paul

and that they will live after death in circumstances confirms this great truth: "The Spirit itself beareth

determined by their conduct in mortality. His hopes witness with our spirit, that we are the children of

are to have people think that this life is all there is. God."(Rom. 8:16.)

The philosophy he advocates was unveiled by the Since we are the children of God, Paul goes on to

Book of Mormon prophets; it is, "Eat, drink, and be say, we are "heirs of God, and jointheirs with Christ."

merry, for tomorrow we die...."(2 Ne. 28:7.) This (Rom. 8:17.) This means we can become as God, if

philosophy is rampant today. We read of and see we "are led by the Spirit of God..."(Rom. 8:14),

some young people wasting their lives on drugs, imand keep his commandments.

morality, and all types of perversions. This they do Having this understanding of who we really are

without realizing who they really are and what the and what our eternal possibilities can be makes us a eternal consequences of their behavior will be. most extraordinary people.

It is quite evident that Satan knows the power that As Peter declared, "... ye are a chosen generation,

comes to an individual when he realizes who he really a royal priesthood,... a peculiar people...."

is. Such a person is able to see life in an eternal (1 Pet. 2:9.)

perspective, and Satan's plan is shown to be futile Understanding who you are sets you apart from the and damning. world in the same way that Mormon, the youthful

The importance of understanding the answer to the Nephite general, was set apart from the degenerate question "Who am I?"cannot be understated. The Nephite nation; you too are to be a leader.

Savior's knowledge of who he really was enabled him A leader is one who has a true vision and underto live a life of perfection. Even as a very young standing of objectives and purposes and who strongly

man, he realized that he was to be about his Father's pursues them. You should be such leaders, for no

business. (See Luke 2:49.) other people in the world, be they young or old, have

The Savior knew that he was the son of God; he the true vision of the purpose of life that you have as

knew what his mission was to be; and he acted acmembers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

cordingly. The apostle John refers to the Master Saints.

as the "Word."The challenge to you is the same as that issued by

"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was the Lord to Job: "Gird up now thy loins like a

with God, and the Word was God. man..."and gain a witness regarding the answer to

"The same was in the beginning with God. this question of the Lord, "Where wast thou when I

"All things were made by him; and without him laid the foundations of the earth?"And "declare, if

86 Improvement Era There are two worlds of music And Allen brings you the best of both.

You may not have been aware of an Allen Organ, on thou hast understanding,"who you really are. those occasions when one has brought you the

One of the great examples of a man who gained world of beautiful church music. All you were sure

confidence and strength through gaining a spiritual of was, that you were hearing the resounding preswitness of who he really was is the rugged fisherman, ence of magnificent organ tone. So inspiring that it

Simon, later called Peter. At the time of Peter's call made you think of things other than what organ was

to the ministry, he could properly have been called being played.

"unlearned."He was often impulsive and overbearing. But you'll remember this incomparable sound when

And even though Peter had been with the Savior you hear how Allen brings the world of secular throughout his ministry, Peter denied his association music into your home.

with the Master when the crucial and tragic hour of

Meet the Allen Theater 1 2 home organ. Among itsChrist's trial came. Following the crucifixion, Peter

features is a full 32 note, concave radiating was somewhat confused as to the external nature of pedalboard that enables the Savior's mission; in fact, he was thinking about both the student and

returning to his fishing business. the church organist to

Yet, in spite of Peter's weaknesses, the Lord reaHzed practice at home.

that when he gained the true eternal vision of his This is the organ mission, he would be a great and powerful leader. specifically designed for

Finally Peter received that witness from the Spirit. those who particularly

From that moment, he became a powerful leader. thrill to the sounds of

Instead of vacillating and acting without confidence, classical and church he stood with powerful assurance and testified before music, but who also rulers and preached Christ Jesus in the streets. enjoy the more lighthearted

Today Satan, through various agencies, tries dessounds of popular music.

perately to confuse and blind us, as he blinded Peter for that brief time. He hopes we will think that the So whether you remember the Allen sound from

only real things of life are our worldly pursuits and church, or would like to hear it for the first time at pleasures. your nearest dealer, mail the coupon for your

If Satan can blur our eternal perspective and dealer's name and location, and information on get us to pursue social popularity at any price, to the complete line of Allen organs, including spinet, seek thrills of the moment, or in any degree to forget classic and other theater models.

who we really are, he has won a major victory in the And don't hesitate to mention it, if you first heard battle against our eternal progress. an Allen in church. We're used to it. Probably

On the other hand, the most powerful offense to because we make and sell more large church organs have against the power of the adversary is a witness of than any other company in the world.

who you really are and what your possibilities are from an eternal point of view. There is no greater

strength than that which comes with knowing the

Organ Company, Macungie, Penna. 18062

plan and purpose of life, and with this, being able to answer to your parents, your bishop, and the Lord Allen Organ Company, Dept. CH 1068

that, in every respect, you are clean and worthy. When Macungie,Please sendPenna.me the18062name of my nearest Allen dealer, plus complete

this is true, you have triumphed over him who has information on Allen Organs for the Q Church Q Home.

blinded much of the world to the knowledge of who name, they really are and to their eternal possibilities. O address

city

state zip code November 1968 87 "Play ball!"sounded this mornElder William J. Critchlow, Jr., 76,

ing at George Q. Morris Park as Assistant to the Council of the

The Church the 1968 allChurch softball tournaTwelve, died in an Ogden, Utah, hosMoves On seasonments anbegan.estimatedDuring4,000theteamsplayinghad pitalFuneralthis servicesmorning wereafter toa shortbe heldillness.in

participated in softball. Ogden September 3.

Bountiful (Utah) 30th Ward won the

President David O. McKay reall-Church senior fastpitch softball

ceived the first copy of the tournament by defeating San Diego

August 1968 Doctrine and Covenants printed in the (California) 10th, 2-0. Chula Vista

Korean language from Elder Ezra Taft (California) won the allChurch junior

After a brief summer recess, Benson of the Council of the Twelve, fastpitch softball tournament by dequarterly stake conferences rewho had just returned from the Orient. feating Chandler (Arizona) 2nd, 4-1. The

sumed this weekend. games were played at George Q. Morris

New stake presidency: President Park, Salt Lake City.

Sydney Crawford and counselors Tutuira

Waretini and Peter Charles Jillings, Remember that moral purity Parleys 7th Ward (Salt Lake

Hawkes Bay (New Zealand) Stake. is an eternal principle. Ite City) won the senior division of

violation destroys the noblest the allChurch slowpitch softball

New stake presidency: President qualities and aspirations tournament over Mesa (Arizona) 22nd,

of men. Purity is lifegiving; 5-4. Heber (Arizona) won the junior Glenn H. Judd and counselors

unchastity is deadly. division with a 9-1 win over Clearfield Verle R. Bohman and Melvin A. Robi-

(Utah) 3rd. son, Reno (Nevada) North Stake.—Elder Mark E. Petersen

GRAND OPENING

BEEHIVE163 E. 2nd South, Salt Lake City, Utah 841BOOK1 1 (Phone 3552100)

OFF OFF 15% 10% WITH 10 BOOKS WITH 3 BOOKS "CHRISTMAS BUYS"

DIGESTS: EXCELLENT FOR

- Send for any L.D.S. Books NEW THIS MONTH STUDENTS TEACHERS & + POSTAGE PAID

MISSIONARY'S DREAM MISSIONARIES $1.95 63.

Sacred POPOL Book VUH: QUIZETTES: - $2.50 - of Ancient - Survived Maya

Flash Cards 300 to Conquest Support of M. B

History on L.D.S.

* 4HB. "$2.95 $5.00

9 HI BOOK OF MORMON NEW TESTAMEIir

1700 STUDY QUESTIONS WITH ANSWERS "W'/illi'iill4STUDY QUESTIONS 1000

WITH ANSWERS

FOUR WORKS BY JOHN D. HAWKES

SAVE THE BEEHIVE WAY: Simply Add Total Cost and Deduct % Savings & Mail. (We Mail Daily; Cash & Carry)

OTHER GIFT IDEAS: PRICEREG.

Articles of FaithJames E. Talmage 2.50 History of the ChurchJoseph Smith (7 vols) 27.00 Out of the Best Books(vols.1-3:$2.95ea) (vol.4)

Behold the Lamb of God-J. Reuben Clark 3.95 Index to History of the Church 4.15 Presidents of the ChurchPreston Nibley

The ChallengeAlvin R. Dyer 2.75 House of the LordJames E. Talmage (cloth) 2.95 Prophecy Key to the FutureDuane Crowther

Cherished Experiences of David 0. McKay 2.95 ITheeWedRexA. Skidmore 2.95 Science and MormonismMelvin Cook

Commentary on BofMReynolds (7 vols) 34.00 Jesus the ChristJames E. Talmage (cloth) 3.75 Ten Most Wanted MenPaul H. Dunn

Comprehensive History of ChurchRoberts (7v}27.00 Journal of Discourses26 vols & index 69.95 Holy ScripturesFamily Ed. (4 in 1)

Index to Comprehensive History 3.00 Life EverlastinqDuane Crowther 4.50 Records for entire Triple Combination

Dictionary His Origin 10.00 of Thoughts20,000 Man, Thoughts Destiny-J. Fielding 4.00 Smith &

Discourses of 3.95 Marvelous Widtsoe 1.95 "Send for FREE CATALOG of 600 titles"rand Brigham YoungJohn Richards Work &WonderLeG

Discourses of Joseph SmithAlma P. Burton 4.50 Meet the MormonsDoyle Green 2.95

Doctrinal CommentaryPofGP-Hyrum Andrus 4.95 More Excellent WayNeal Maxwell 2.95

Doctrine & Covenants Commentary 4.75 Mormon DoctrineBruce R. McConkie 6.95

Essentials in Church History-J. Fielding Smith 4.50 Now You Two Are OneLucille Nelson 2.50 "BcuKA -SbpBceku'

Graduate to a flameless With tonight's performance, Electric Dryer

Promised Valley—the musical depicting the coming of the Saints to the

Salt Lake Valley—concluded its highly

successful second summer season of performances in the Temple View outdoor theater across the street from the Salt Lake Temple.

September 1968

New stake presidency: President

Archie Junior Haskins andcounselors Clarence* B. Simmons and Electric

Orson Laurence Biackett, Whittier

(California) Stake.

After nearly five years of restorais the tion, the Lion House was shown to specially invited guests. The building is not to be open to the public as favorite

is the Beehive House next door (both were originally homes of President 5to1!

If you took a popularity poll on clothes dryers, 5 of 6 women with automatic dryers in

Consequences of Smoking the area we serve enjoy the happiness of

Harmful consequences of drying clothes electrically.

smoking are revealed in a reThat's pretty good proof isn't it, that you go cent U.S. Government report for a higher degree of clothes drying when

that showed that male smokers you go electric?

between 45 and 54 using ten or more cigarettes a day are three times more likely to die It costs less to own the best of heart disease than nonBuy now from your electric dealer. smokers. Among women, the

risk is doubled.

Smoking is a greater cause UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

of respiratory disease than air pollution and occupational exposure to irritating materials. IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS PROTECT

Peptic ulcers are almost 100 Aids in treatment of simple sore yourof Thecopies percent more prevalent among Ihroat and other minor mouth and Improvement Era.

male smokers and over 50 perthroat irritations. Use a

prevalent cent more among DURABLE female smokers than among HALL'S REMEDY BIN! nonsmokers. Salt Lake City, Utah

results Careless smoking in $2.50 estimated each an 1,800 deaths

t"$12 AN HOUR AT HOME Order from year in accidental fires. MAKE

I'll LefthowM youProvshowll PlasticTo You SealingFREEI and the Era laminating you as mucliat ashoma,$12 eachsparehourtime,you canoperate.give 79 South State

Tabletop sets anywhere. up

needed. Fun. No machineexperience

everything. We'll help even financeWe furnishEasy.you. SaltUtahLake84111City,

houseto-house No moil. Write for factsselling.FREE.OrdersNo salesmancome by

call will WARNER ELECTRIC, 1512 Jarvis, Dept. L-147L0, Chgo, III. 60626

November 1968 89 Brigham Young), but will be available communities,"as election time neared. New members of the Butte Stake

for parties and receptions. presidency are President Burt Hiatt

President David 0. McKay celeOliphant and counselors Dean H. Wright

Nuku'alofa (Tongan Islands) brated his ninetyfifth birthday and Larry M. Chaffin.

Stake, 463rd now functioning in while on a brief vacation at Huntsville, the Church, was organized by Elders Utah, the place of his birth. Two speJacksonville Stake, the 465th

Howard W. Hunter and Thomas S. cial television programs, Portrait of a of the Church, was created from

Monson of the Council of the Twelve. Prophet and The Greatness of Presiparts of Florida Stake by Elder Mark E.

Orson Hyde White is stake president, dent David 0. McKay, were presented Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

with Tonga Toutai Paletu's and 'Uliti today. During the week thousands of and Elder James A. Cullimore, Assistant

Uata as counselors. Tonga has been a congratulatory letters, cards, and teleto the Twelve, with President Louis

mission since 1891. grams had come to him. Blaine Vorwaller and counselors WoodHelena Stake, the Church's 464th, row Elbern Copeland and Joseph

Noting that "the historic position was organized from parts of Butte Edwin Bone as the stake presidency.

of the Church has been one (Montana) Stake by Elder Ezra Taft which is concerned with the quality of Benson of the Council of the Twelve "No observer can travel from man's contemporary environment as and Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch the sunkissed beaches of the

well as preparing him for eternity,"the to the Church. President Ronald Rex Pacific to the wooded hills and powerFirst Presidency urged "our members Dalley and counselors John Eugene producing rivers of New England withto do their civic duty and to assume Eldredge and Jack Gardner Holt, servout being thrilled by the greatness of

their responsibilities as individual ing as Butte Stake presidency, were these United States. This country is

citizens in seeking solutions to the sustained as presidency of Helena not only the choicest of all lands, but problems which beset our cities and Stake. now the preserver of true liberty

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.DS. Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday |gl Saint families call

J. Campbell Lowell R. Reid Wallace

Associate Associate 8383956 PIERCEilBRpTHERS21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 2541212

A YEAR'S FOOD SUPPLY FOR APPROXIMATELY $110 PermaPak's Away""Use Today or Store conitnuaOJ?- -'tS<?wr<fe.TC.of fij?'. $4:8'.. WHEAT.

freezedried. dehydrated, and dry foods, Special high protein spring wheat

flour, fruits, vegetables, such as wheat, onions, potatoes, gelatin desserts, and grown without agricultural poimeat substitutes, make it possible for you to pay less than $100 per family sons, sealed in screwcap cans member for a whole year's balanced food for your family food reserve. Our supply. bEtogr(yeJor)2aa%|X)pfct<r)t

For complete details, write, visit, or phone thirtythird year.

Write for details, prices and instructions for using.PIERIVIAPAKPIOtMEEPS IN PPEPAREDNES8 PPOOUCTS TED A. WHITMER AND SON

40 East (801) South 2430 4869671 flee ik.pfl)UtL<3kC1i.W BLOOMFIELD, MONTANA 59315 Salt Lal<e City, Utah 84115

90 Improvement Era and the hope of civilized man."These

were the remarks prepared by President

David 0. McKay on Citizenship Day,

as a flagpole and four carvedstone plaques were dedicated east of the

Tabernacle on Temple Square.

The appointment of John C. Jarman as treasurer of the Genealogical Society was announced. He

succeeds W. Roy Brown.

New stake presidency: President

George E. Leavitt and counselors

Tomosue Abo and William E. Fuhrmann, Pearl Harbor (Hawaii) Stake.

New stake presidency: President Dan. 'BITS

Warren Stoddard and counselors Alfred ft *,*>, TGE SHOWS

Lee Draney and Louis Edward Butler,

Pikes Peak (Colorado) Stake. RODEOS

Write or Phone New stake presidency: President MEETINGS

Free "V.I.P. Packet",

Gerald P. Langton and counselors Phil R. Young and Wayne C.

Spackman, Wichita (Kansas) Stake.

PHONE: (801) 3221177 J. HOWARD DUNN, MANAGER

October 1968

The annual twoday general conference of the Relief Society opened with an officers'meeting in the 500 morning and a general session in the UNDER TABLETS afternoon in the Tabernacle. Theme

for this evening's reception in the RePAR? lief Society Building was "The Relief $8.95

Society Worldwide."WHY NOT TRY AiERC

were sessions Departmental held LYAAAN'S Relief for the in the morning "Salt Lake City's Original Tortilla Factory"Society conference. A session for memVITAMINS Mexican Food Specialists Since 1937

bers of stake boards closed the conImporters, Manufacturers of Mexican

Gifts, Pottery, Items, Pinatas Sarapes. andference this afternoon. MINERALS? Food

Fresh Corn and Flour Tortillas, Taco

UNBELIEVABLE VALUE Tamales,Shells, TostadaRefried Shells,Beans andGenuineSpanishMexicanRice.

Don Lyman Complete MexicanCateringFoodServiceTake Out Service 2431 Highland Dr. Special Prices to Wards and Stakes

Salt Lake City, Utah Wholesale—Retail

We may make much of man's Please send Daily Supply Tablets orbiting in space—but why marpostage free.

vel so much, asked one observer. Quantity500 tablets $8.95

Haven't we been orbiting in 200 tablets $3.90

lives on a ivonderall our space f y"Mexican Creator The ful world? is still JNa me

in command.

I Address QTmme—Elder Richard L. Evans

City South 778 Temple, West I City, Salt Lake Utah 84101 I State Zip Phone 3598675 or 3592608

November 1968 91 idyOu ever tliirik

't increase ydu couldn y6ur positioii iiiUfe?

Buffs and think /za/e/er/ Rebuffs

Amenca! throughout jobs toppaying r complete below for coupon send the and aiv

information

UTAH TECHNICAL COLLEGE AT PROVO

P. O. Box 1009 Provo, Utah 84601

Gentlemen: July "Pinup"Please send information and free brochures aboutu. ttU.T.C.t r

to I thought would like you know how in receiving I enjoy the here Era I am particularly interested m: much

Vietnam. One day while reading the

July issue, a nonmember friend looked over my shoulder as I browsed through the magazine. Then I turned to the

centerfold where there was a picture of a Latterday Saint girl wearing a very becoming dress. This picture really impressed my friend, so much that he asked

if he could have the picture to use as a pinup. I gave it to him. He said that

the picture had an unusual quality about it. He later said that it was the look

of untouched innocence. He wanted a

pinup that "wasn't provocative or filthy,"he said, Pfc. Joe Spalding

U.S. Army Vietnam Writers Write

Little did I realize how farreaching "Can You Teach Johnny to Pray?"

[June] might be. I have received numerous letters from near and far. Just

this morning a letter came from a young man in Vietnam who had been given it

A Great Way,. to Teach and Learn towantedread bya copya "Mormonof the friend"Era to andkeep.who

Jane Smith Jamison Doctrine & Covenants Glendale, California evenings Ideal for: Family ON RECORD home

to pleased want you know how Relief Society teaching that Diary""Pioneer was I amI do poem my co>/tHH"ts classes Doctrine Gospel

I in issue. delighted included the July am individual purchases or Group \ooc:titt* artist's illustration. I enclosthe with am

ing a check; if you have three or four

issues of the July magazine left, I wonder if I might have them. I think this will be

an excellent way to introduce some of my H friends and relatives to your beautiful, inspirational magazine. I might add

a that I'm not through Mormon—but CdSM I reading the underEra have come to

it. Use Charge INC. bank RECORDINGS terms. or arrange credit card

Available at local dealers or write: 1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah

92 Improvement Era When you're as big in the gasoline business as we are you don't dare introduce an ordinary tire.

That's why our newAmoco is the woiid's first radial oval tire.

And what's in it for you? Six plies between you and the road. A tire

proved by 2 million driving miles to give you twice the mileage and three times the body strength of most new car tires.

How's that for starters? And our new Amoco 120 SS Radial Oval is a traction tire,

too. The tread grooves stay open to grip the road as a tire has never gripped before

It even has a new versatile beauty. Gives you a red stripe on one

side, dual white on the other.

You can even buy it with your American Oil Credit

Card and use our new revolving charge plan. I

Sound good? We're betting your gasoline business on it.

But then "You expect more from American and you get it

And tires are no exception When you buy a tire from us,we both live with it

November 1968 Rapidmix. It's easy. It's quick.

Only one word describes Fleischmann's new Rapidmix way to easy yeast baking.

Revolutionary! No more: dissolving the

yeast, worrying about water temperature, warming the bowl. Just add Fleischmann's

Yeast to your other dry ingredients and bake away. The results? Sensational

-or exciting baking ideas; just send 25 cents in cash to cover mailing and handling to Fleischmann's Treasury of Yeast Baking, Box 39F, Mount Vernon, New York 10559

stand many things about your faith that priests, being paid by Communist money,

I had not understood previously, which, may not speak freely to the people. They

of course, is what one of my friends had may only repeat what they have been in mind when he and his wife subscribed permitted to say by the Communist offito the Era for me the last two Christcers. People subscribing to any public

mases! religion may have many troubles in their

Jan Evans employment and with their children at

Sacramento, California school.

The Communist terror is hidden and informal but much more dangerous than

Buff on "Buffs"the preceding military despotisms by various nations. You never know to SEE WHAT LDS,

are you speak. If you I to written before, whom never have you perseYour Church religious belief, cuted because of your I celebrating I should. I thinkbut am now

will will never tell you. They in the Church. year second The theymy try Business College for different to find their excuses some receivedblessings just been I have have

will approach, real reason but the wonderful I enjoy yourwonderful. be CAN DO FOR YOUpapers, personal stated in your which like I really Youth""Era ofmagazine.

and also "Buffs and Rebuffs"and the every citizen must have in the files of 1. Short courses range from 3 to

Editor's Page. I come from a very small the Secret Service. 18 months.

branch. I am the only young man here. The Communist leaders limit the rights 2. Good job opportunities.

Randy Higgins of the youth in many ways, as to the 3. The personal attention availLame, County Antrim choice of the subjects at the university, able only at a small college.

to as of the the choice employment, Northern Ireland as forth. to so philosophy, and But 4. socialInstitute,activities.student ward, and fact in this they that are of the awareOn Oliver Cowdery

the lose of they support way may FROM ONE OF try to CHOOSE people. young many They "Oliver NonCowdery's The article

it for enin the recompense they PROFITABLE THESE way Dr. Richard Reputation"byMormon

to the people young drink and the courage [August] Anderson was worthLloyd tolerate the CAREERS the groups smoke in and alone. I appreyear subscription$3 per

ciated it very much. I remember a story practice of sex promiscuity. According Accounting and Business

I read years ago about a farmer who had to the secret statistics from last year, Administration of onethird the than more people young to tell missionariesasked him more some Fasliion Merchandising in level 12 to at the of age homeland my plates, said he the gold whichabout he Technology Computer free the years 13 experienced sexual have testify Oliver had he Cowderyhad heard seen and that he, Cowdery, could not life or are involved in some freesex MarketingSales deny it, whether he shined in heaven or group relationship. Secretarial Science

in trust their of the children Theburned in hell. It had converted the parCourt Reporting

is ents pupils ordering the weakened byfarmer.

Claudius R. Dodge at school to refer to any political stateLDS Business College is CoEdu-

Salt Lake City, Utah ments made by the parents in secret. cational with a student body of

The young people are encouraged to approximately 500. Accredited as

complain of their parents if they do not a Junior College of Business. LDS

September Cover agree with their opinions. Hence, the standards prevail on campus.

organization of the family life is prac- a free catalog, For tically being destroyed. in the lower Smith head The of Emma

edireason American The write the of Students many why Dean of the [September] cornerrighthand tors to shrink the feared from seem is B. Evans. Elaine of thecover work

articles "radicalism"publish that and V. Evans Jack

might help to get readers American on California Berkeley, true terms with their enemy may be

Morality in Communism ofexplainedthe variousin severalchurchesways:hesitateSome toleaderspublish truth the they not would because

in as a I spent Czechoslovakia years 18 like their to in put church members also in psychologist.clinical child I was if least at trouble they obtained have East South Temple 411 for time, in a East andPoland Germany the to the permission worship behind

City, friends of Salt respectable Lake Utah somewhereas 84111 my of rest Iron Curtain. the the And

life in Union. the Sovietstudied The in feel readers comfort a American may

is the terror than hidden moreCommunist articles the soothing that reading sweetly of systems the precedingdespotisms it is indicate so that in the not bad ) as ( such Nazism countries, that so American Communist in live to a Communist have You not need worried about the cox's DCLICOUS be for citizen as average an some peoplecountry possible next war.

pressure unofficial the to findtime and false of prophets the help With many CreamedMoney the influence displayeddisastrous on of America, presentday be who may arecitizens nonCommunists U.S. in by the who of the best one either naively uninformed only people

that committees halfanonymousmany their trusting or information shallow official partially Special Holiday the replaced conhave for for paid preparing people the USA trol police army. the the and by No by Gift Boxes socialism, in are readers kept American

help outside"one the can"view from the confused. soothdark these and But

infludestructive the truthsee about the articles ing not with the sad check do of education the and Communistence facts Iron Curtain. the This behind

the thedoctrine on and people on young It curtain not has removed. has been for (Write in general.citizens skillfully to give a adjusted only been Brochure) Free in the Religious freedom Communist

... false impression.

all is FARMS fact, HONEY In COXcountries apparent. only

the churches are controlled by the Dr. George E. Vesely Shelley, Idaho 83274

Communist governments, and their Midvale, Utah

November 1968 95 Today's Family

By Florence B, Pinnock Theame oftheGame Is Thanksgiiiiig

Adventures to explore JB odies to build Cy hildren to teach MJ ays to live fully j!i yes to see beauty

w reedom to choose \M randchildren to adore RKusband to make happy Ideas to create J oys to share lindnesses to cherish MJove to give /Kind to stretch

to rest X ights pportunities to grasp O Prayers to supplicate %g uestions to ask MM) eading to enjoy \S ongs to sing I ruths to learn Games are for everyone; there is no age limit. A baby will

to strive forplay peekaboo; a sixyear-old, hide 'n'seek; a teenager, tennis; U nderstandings

a grandfather, chess; and a family, badminton, PingPong, or \ ows to keepcheckers—all with hearty enjoyment. The name of the game to doisn't important; the results are the same: fun, relaxation, achieve- W ork

ment, and exercise for mind or body. A. ercise to strengthen

At this time of year, our minds are stirred and our hearts are filled with thanksgiving. How are you thankful? It is imJL ears to grow wise

possible to count all the ways. To exercise your mind and your and

heart, play the "thanksgiving game."First, list the alphabet; then

fill in your reasons for thanksgiving, from A through Z. Some Ma ero to a million

things to be thankful for are: other blessings.

96 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 20% SAVINGS Glamorous Ground Beef 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ONoOVER 600 SELECTIONS

No minimum purchase—Your choice of items

Everyone else will be talking

over on to obtain or details and at and records books how Catalog of all LDS 95% 20% will sent request: they be included with order. upon savings your selections you when more, cashturkey this time of year; let us PPPfCtttalk about ground beef. Pound

for pound, ground beef is loaded

THANKSGIVING IDEALS THERE'S ALWAYS THE CONSTITUTION BY with nutriments; and child for Ideals Publ. Co. MOTHER A THREAD

child, the vote is always for (reg, $1.75) $1.40 by Caroline Eyring Miner by Richard Vetterii

ground beef. Since it is generCHRISTMAS IDEALS (reg. $2.95) $2.35 (reg. $4.75) $3.80

ally economical, pennies might (reg. $1.75) Ideals Publ.$1.40Co. OUTVOL. OF4 byTHEClarkBESTand BOOKS,Thomas TORYCOMPREHENSIVEOF THE CHURCHHISbe saved in November, and CHRISTMAS GREETING (reg. $2.60) $2.08 Vols. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,

by B. H. Roberts bills will be paidDecember's BOOKLET PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES

(reg. $4.50) each $3.60 Ideals Publ. NATIONAL SURVIVAL Co. AND easily.more $27.00) set $21.60 (reg. $1.75) $1.40 by Jerreld L. Newquist (reg.

LOOK TO THE MOUNT (reg. $5.50) $4.40 JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES

For a proteinfilled, quickto- Leiand H. Monson 26 Volume set with index

(reg. $69.95) $55.96prepare soup for a cool Novem- (reg. $3.95) $3.36 FUTUREPROPHECYKEY TO THE

ber evening, tempt your family THE POWER OF BELIEVING by Duane S. Crowther BRIGHAM YOUNG AND

with huge bowls of (reg. $3.75) Sterling $3.00W. Sill (reg. $3.95) $3.16 StoryHIS WIVESAndof Plural Marriage.The True

by John J. Stewart

LIFE ABOUT AND LOVE INTRODUCTORY (reg. $2.50) $2.00Meatball Soup M.D.'s by Belnap & Griffin

(5 servings) (reg. $2.95) $2.50 OFFER MAN MAY KNOW FOR

HIMSELF or more 25% LDS GAME BOOK Pres. David 0. McKay

savings cash 1 beef by Alma Heaton pound ground (reg. $4.95) $3.96 tablespoons chopped onion (reg. 3 $3.95) $3.16

chili teaspoons powder INIV SECRET THE THE CAVE FASCINATING WOMANOUT OF THE WEST salt 34 teaspoon Jennie by Rawlins Brown HOOD Jones by Lu oil 1 or cooking butter tablespoon (reg. Edition $2.95) Waite New & Revised $2.35

(reg. $3.95) $3.35 1 soup tomato can condensed B. Andelin by Helen S, by Duane

beef condensed 1 can soup LIFE Crowther EVERLASTING (reg. $5.95) $4.46 THE FOURTH THOUSAND water cans 2 soup (reg. $4.50) $3.60 YEARS

A I AM WHY MORMON Skousen by W. Cleon - TRIPLE COMBINATION chili powder, beef, onion, andCombine Wallace by F. Bennett

(reg. $6.95)salt; into small Records meat about 25 shape $5.56 (reg. $2.95) Special

oil. Plate 980 with Book of Gold in Mormon or butterballs. Brown them THE JOSEPH SMITH

(reg. $92.50) stir Heat; $74.00 water. and the soupsAdd DISCOURSES OF THE STORYrecord

often. Recordings by Covenant JOSEPH PROPHET - OF BOOK MORMON

(reg. $3.98) $3.18 SMITH Records Gold Plate Edition

soup hearty is made Another LDS HYMN BOOKPocket (reg. $4.50)by Alma P. Burton$3.37 (reg. $57.50) $46.00 vegesize beef ground andfrom

COVEDOCTRINE AND Leather Black DATING TEEN AND:tables Records NANTS- (reg. $3.95) $3.16 MARRIAGE

(reg. $32.95) $26.36 E. Petersen by Mark THE CHURCH NEGRO AND

$1.25) Special.750Hamburger Soup OF PRICEPEARL L. GREAT by John Lund (reg.

$2.50) Records $2.00(8 servings) (reg. TWO HOURNEW $10.95) $8.76 STORIES FOR OF JESUS DIGEST (reg. TESTAMENT

2 tablespoons butter LDS CHILDREN by John D. Hawkes BOOK OF MORMON COM-

1 cup chopped onion by Jane Lund (reg. $1.95) $1.46 PENDIUM

1 cup sliced carrots (reg. $2.95) $2.35 by Sidney B. Sperry

sliced celery thinly 1 cup FOUR HOUR BOOK OF (reg. $6.95) $5.56 VITAL QUOTATIONS pepper green cup DIGEST V2 Emerson West MORMON beef11/2 ground pounds GLORIOUS IS YOUTH HOW by John D. Hawkes

2 cups tomato juice (reg. $4.50) $3.60 (reg. $1.95) $1.46 Improvement Era

1 potatoes diced (reg. cup $3.50) $2.80 FIRE REFINER'S THE salt (approximately) teaspoons R. by Alvin Dyer POSTAGE salt 1 seasoned teaspoon

(reg. $5.95) $4.76 States: for United or portion thereof order 1/4 Add 10c per $3.00 pepper teaspoon

Va cup flour MEANINGFUL LIVING all books and records.

1 quart milk by Paul H. Dunn Games, Genealogical Supplies: Add 25c per $3.00 order or porVa cup minced parsley (reg. $3.00) $2.40 tion thereof.

All Foreign Countries: Books: Add 15c per.$3.00 order or poronion, the add butter the andMelt All including tion thereof. records, material other and Games

pepper. celery, greencarrots, Cook and of first for the Supplies or portion Genealogical $3.00 $1.00 add

is brown. but notuntil tender onion for additional or portion. each order and 35c $3.00

is until meat beef cook the andAdd brown and crumbly. Stir in tomato

seasonings.juice, potatoes, and Cover LDS pFnJOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454 until vegetables heat over iowand cook

are tender. Combine flour with 1 cup 346 S. Hobson St. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

November 1968 97 of milk and beat until free of lumps; Mix thoroughly 14 cup soup with all

stir into soup mixture. Add remaining ingredients except cheese and mushFOR OLDFASHIONED milknot allowand heat,to boil.stirringServefrequently.steaming hot,Do cookierooms. sheet;Place shapea squaremeat offirmlyfoil intoon

HEALTHGIVING garnished with the minced parsley. a 10inch round with V2inch standup

GOODNESS rim. Turn up foil around edges to

The following is a meat loaf catch fat. Spread remaining soup on

meat; with top cheese and mushrooms STONE GROUND HOME SIZE air. with a party special The and oregano more if desired. at Bake MILLS FLOUR F. for until 15 or minutes done. features of this recipe are the 425

seasonings and the pineappleCut into wedges to serve.

curry touch on top.

Oriental Casserole (6-8 servings) Curried Meat Loaf 2 pounds ground beef (6-8 servings) fat 2 tablespoons 1 cup finely chopped onion 2 pounds ground beef 1 package (lOV ounces) frozen 2 cup fine cracker crumbs mixed vegetables 1 can (6 ounces) evaporated milk 14 cup water

Vi cup finely chopped green pepper 1 can condensed cream of mushroom y cup finely chopped onion soup y-2. cup chili sauce 1 teaspoon salt

2 teaspoons salt Vi teaspoon pepper

Grind your own flour!... Eat your 14 teaspoon pepper 1 tablespoon soy sauce

way to better health with an All Grain 1 can (8 ounces) crushed pineapple, 2 cups chopped celery flour mill. Now at new low prices! drained 1 can water chestnuts, drained and

Free Corona mill with every AllGrain 14 teaspoon curry powder sliced mill sold. Write now for more infor- 1 can (3 ounces) Chinese noodles

mation. Mix crumbs, milk, green pepper, onion,

chili sauce, salt, and pepper. Add to Brown the ground beef in the fat. Add

"CORONA"grounda 10 X 5-inchbeef andloaf mixand well.placeShapeon a rackinto choppedPour off onionfat. Cookand cookmixeduntilvegetablestender.

GRAIN MILL in an open roasting pan. Combine in boiling water for 3 minutes. Compineapple bine vegetables, curry and powder. soup, seaSpread mushroomfor use with

loaf. celery, top of F. sonings, in a 325 Stir and chestnuts. Bake corn, nuts, overwheat,

etc. Easily adjusts oven for about IV2 hours. into meat mixture. Add a little milk

for fine or coarse if a thinner casserole is desired. Place

1grinding. New

mill finermodel with CTSP SloppyJanes 350in a casserole.F. oven for Cover25 minutes.and bakeRemovein a

grinding plates cover, sprinkle with Chinese noodles, $10.95 (8 servings)postpaid. of East longer. bake and 5 minutes

$1.00Rockies add

postage. Finer grinding 2 pounds ground beef

1plates for old C 1 fat tablespoon bacon Family Treat Evening Amill set postpaid. $1.95 1 garlic, clove minced

sales 31/2% tax in Utah.Add 1 teaspoon oregano

prices to quantity"Special"licorice, loves everyone Almost dry teaspoon mustard church groups. %

1 celery cup minced and Berlyne decided Frampton to: orders Send cup minced onion y-z

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. 1 teaspoon salt to enter her very special licorice

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 14V? teaspoonteaspoon Worcestershirepepper sauce. in a candy contest. It won one

2 cans condensed tomato soup, of the top prizes. Wouldn't you

undiluted leaf like to make it for your family? 1 bay

Vi cup catsup This recipe makes a candy that

Brown the meat in the bacon fat. Add is smooth, black, and good to the

remaining ingredients. Simmer until last taste.

fairly thick, Spoon over split, toasted buns.

WESTERN Berlyne's Licorice Candy sugar cups Beef Pizza 3 Ground TECHNICAL 1 cup water (4-6 servings) COLLEGE 1 cup corn syrup white 1/ teaspoon black vegetable coloring

Learn By Doing in Shop and Laboratory 1 can condensed tomato soup 1 teaspoon oil of anise

ELECTRONICS DRAFTING 14,V cuppoundfinegrounddry breadbeefcrumbs Thoroughly dissolve the sugar in the

AUTOMOTIVE TRAINING Vi cup minced onions water and syrup. Add the black color-

1 egg, slightly beaten ing and bring to a boil; cook without

Financial Aid and Parttime 1 teaspoon salt stirring to 290 F. Remove from heat

Employment Available 1 clove garlic, minced and quickly blend in the flavoring. Pour

14 teaspoon oregano, crushed onto a buttered slab or into a buttered

FOR COMPLETE DETAILS 3 slices mozzarella or mild process foillined pan. When lukewarm, deeply

Phone 3590658 in SALT LAKE CITY cheese score into 1/2 by lV2-'nch bars. When

or 1 candrained(2 ounces) sliced mushrooms, wrapcold, individually.carefully break into pieces and

VISIT, PHONE, or WRITE 2250 So. Tejon, Denver, Colo. 80110

(303) 9345523

98 Improvement Era k

SKIING IS THE GREATEST SPORT OF ALL—AND SAFE,

TOO!... IF you are equipped with Miller Bindings—the

only binding in the world that releases your foot automatically from the ski at all ten basic angles of stress...

preventing the proverbial broken leg.

SAVE ON A COMPLETE SKI OUTFIT! 35

C.t\ 11 heelMILLERprotector,ASPENtemperedMODEL, steel25 pieceedges,laminated,guaranteedselfwaxingagainst breakagebase, metal tip and f\f\s>/at)U OlVlw

j"*"Q7 bOUtit\ D/V I w constructionItalian "NEVADA"with automaticski boots,innerreinforcedlacing. stitching,Leather soleformfitting full double Off

MILLER DELUXE nl CO lightweight basket 1wLiCw tapered aluminum poles, formfit hand grip, leather strap, -6.95

DIKIflKIC DIIMIINIO world's'*"-'-ER largest10anglesellingreleasestep-inMIA binding!bindings. The famous "Full Miller,".19.95

Mount Bindings 8.00

Arlberg Retaining Straps - 2.95

Complete outfit ready to go... total $104.85

SPECIAL NET PRICE $69.50

At leading ski shops everywhere... or prepaid to you directly from the

factory if your dealer cannot supply you. (Add $4.85 for buckle boots)

WHEN YOU BUY BINDINGS always ask the two acid questions: How much are they? and How many

angles of release do they have? Many bindings

selling for over $40.00 have only three angles of

release.

TtOet SKI COMPANY Orem, Utah 84057

Gentlemen: Please send Complete information on Miller Bindings

Q Your complete outfit for beginnerintermediate skiers (Amt. enclosed: $

Nams The Miller 10Address- Angle Child's

City State. Binding is only

Mounting) can Height Weight Shoe Size $13.95(Even a 3-yearold

(If desiredboots sent first to confirm proper fit) use it without help!)

November 1968 99 AN IMPORTANT FACTOR IN TODAY'S PRINTING

SPEED is an important word to any printing buyer.

It makes sense that to do something faster also means to do it more economically.

Today's equipment is designed not only to get more work done but also to do it better.

A new addition at the Deseret News Press is the 2-color ATF Web Press pictured at left. This press

is designed to produce all types of 2-color work at a speed of 20,000 impressions per hour. This press

is similar in design to the 5-color web that all of our customers are familiar with, but it is designed specifically for 2-color reproduction and can be made available at a smaller hourly cost.

Below is our recently installed Sheridan saddle stitch binder. We at Deseret News Press have

long been proud of our binding facilities.

For many years we have offered saddle stitch binding on a machine which is faster than any other in Utah. This new machine is just

twice that fast. A machine built to do a better

job—faster.

LEADERSHIP

IN THE GRAPHIC ARTS

FINE COMMERCIAL PRINTING SINCE 1850

1600 EMPIRE ROAD SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84104

100 Improvement Era HUNGER

These Times

IN EMERGENCY ARE YOU PREPARED?

i SICKNESS W ACCIDENT V UNEMPLOYMENT

NATIONAL DISASTER

(s your year's supply Important? TheHarvard FOOD STORAGE

BOOKLET 1968 Revised EditionStudies ofSmoking

WHAT TO STORE HOW TO STORE

By Dr. G. Homer Durham PREVENTING SPOILAGE

HOW TO ROTATE ETC.

President, Arizona State University

BEORDERPREPARED! NOW On/\3 Rates Available Group

John M. Peters, M.D., Departstudent were maintained during

ment of Physiology, Harvard his college stay. Grade sheets WALTER D. BATCHELOR

School of Public Health, and were attached. A questionnaire 61 Beacon Ave. Layton, Utah

Benjamin G. Ferris, Jr., M.D., diwas also administered to each,

rector of environmental health and prior to graduation, and a wide safety, University Health Services, variety of data was collected.Harvard University, have been enThis material was also related SALT;d.LAKE OGDEN COTTONWOOD

gaged in a number of studies of to the "pattern"study of Radsmoking. These researchers have cliffe (women) and Harvard gradubeen supported by a grant from ates for the years 1963, 1964, and

the U.S. Public Health Service. 1965, with an additional quesSome of their findings were pubtionnaire to 1963 and 1964 gradulished during 1967 in the Archives ates of both institutions enrolled in

of Environmental Health ("Morgraduate schools of business, law, phological Constitution and Smokmedicine, and arts and sciences.

ing,"May 1967), and the Journal The effort was to determine the of the American College Health lifetime smoking patterns of each the original swiss

Association ("Smoking Patterns at student, relating the results to instant: SanoCaf

Radcliffe and Harvard College,"other findings in the literature of Delightfully wholesome and "Association of Smoking with science, including previous studies cereal beverage; no coffee,

Certain Descriptive Variables in a of the "Causes of Smoking"by caffein, chemical additive,

CollegeAge Group,"December Phanisayi, published in the Jour160 cup size 2.79

carton of 4 10.50

1967, pp. 16164 and 16573). nal of Educational Psychology postage: carton of 4....1.10

Dr. Peters and Dr. Ferris studied (1951); "The Psychology of Smok80 cup size 1.55

8.70 of 62,148 students who were graduing,"Macarthur's study reported carton

postage: carton of 6....85c

ated from Harvard College in 1964 in the Journal of Abnormal PsyUtah residents add 3V2% sales tax and 1965. All incoming freshmen chology (1958); Matarazzo's 1960 ZCMI HEALTH FOODS - Salt Lake

in those classes submitted to an study of "Characteristics of SmokGIFTS WALLETS—physicalentrance in ers examination (Psychology and Nonsmokers"

Beautifully Men's women's em-——

Bulletin, habitswhich were resmoking calfskin Salt Vol. 57, p. Oakwith Lake, 493), and bossed

corded. Medical records for each volumes of other studies. - Western.land, Los AnyAngeles,color, Ogden,laced orTemplesstitctiless.or

$7.50 Postpaid

Benson's Leathercraft 515 No. Main Farmington, Utah 84025

November 1968 101 FUND RAISING This research shows that "nonsmokers SALES POSITIONS in academicFULLORPARTTIME as a group outperform smokers

No Experience Necessary achievement."

CHUNKY CANDY CORP.

(SURREY FUND RAISING DIV.) Among the more interesting recting this variable by the method

has lucrative commission sales opfindings are tine following: of chisquare (a technique of staportunities for honest hard working 1. Nonsmokers as a group outtistics) concluded that "the variamen and women. perform smokers in academic tion of smoking with academic

This can be a fme career with good achievement. Of 532 Harvard achievement is still significant."

income and dignity. Must have car, seniors graduating summa and 2. students in the humanities

be willing telephone and to work 10 magna cum laude (highest honors are more frequently smokers than travel required. hours a week. No

and high honors), 324 (66.7 perstudents in the natural sciences,

Pleasant and rewarding work concent) were nonsmokers; 54 limwith those in the social sciences

tacting churches, schools, clubs, and ited themselves to an occasional "inbetween."

service organizations near your pipe or cigar; and, in general, the 3. Smoking among Jews was home.

more cigarettes smoked per day, less frequent than among the other

All replies held in strict confidence. the fewer were the achievers of religions, "with Catholics smoking

high academic honors. As Dr. the most."Reply to:

Peters and Dr. Ferris wrote: "It 4. "There was a highly signifiMR. MARSHALL

SURREY FUND RAISING can be seen that the better one cant correlation between freshmen 595 MADISON AVENUE, does academically, the less likely smoking and private preparatory

NEW YORK, N. Y. 10022 he is to smoke, and if he does school."Those attending private

smoke, the less likely he is to be prep schools were much more a heavy smoker."The following likely to be smokers ("and heavy

is a partial reproduction of their smokers at that") than public

EXTRA table, entitled, "Senior Smoking high school students in the

LOW Versus Academic Achievement sample.

PRICES Harvard 196465."(Journal of 5. Heavy smokers were more

the American College Health Assolikely to visit the psychiatric clinic ciation, Vol. 16 [December 1967], than nonsmokers. There was no

p. 168.) association between visits to the

Summa and magna cum laude psychiatric clinic and academic

Nonsmoker (66.7%) 324 achievement.

Pipe and/or cigar 54 6. There was a tendency for

1 to 4 cigarettes per day 25 smokers to graduate later than 5 to 14 cigarettes their original class.

INCLUDING ALL THE LATEST PARCHper day 20 7. Measured by responses to

BEAUTIIN SILVERGRAY MENTS AND 15 to 24 cigarettes the questionnaire (each was FUL PASTELS. 60 STYLES TO CHOOSE

FROM INCLUDING ALL L.D.S. TEMPLE per day 46 mailed twice, and receipt was tabDESIGNS. first,"to ulated "responded cigarettes 25 to 34 NAPKINS, INFORMALS, ALSO THANK or "did to second,""responded per 11 ENday AT YOU NOTES, HOME CARDS,

to appeared respond"), there not CLOSURES, ALBUMS, MORMON or GUEST 35 more cigarettes ACCESSORIES. BOOKS AND cooperabetween be correlation per 6 day (50c REQUESTIF AIRMAIL SEND 25c

ED) (CREDITED ON FIRST ORDER) FOR Unknown (8.6%) 46 tion and nonsmoking.

CATALOG, SAMPLES AND FREE ETITotal 532 Of 1,059 Harvard College gradQUETTE WHEEL.

24hour (in our plant) service if desired! uates in 1964, 822 (77.5 percent)

The Harvard professors pointed were nonsmokers. In the class

E R c u R y out that a better response is probof 1965, 796 of 1,089 (73 perPUBLISHING CO. ably made to the questionnaire by cent) were nonsmokers.

SIXTH STREET 146 EAST SOUTH CITY, 84111 those graduating with honors than Smoking habits of Harvard gradSALT LAKE UTAH by those who do not. But coruate students from the Harvard

Name

Address

City, State, Zip

102 Improvement Era

classes of 1963 and 1964 showed a tendency for medical students to College Coed be nonsmokers (42 of 65, with only 8 smoking 15 cigarettes or tliafs me! more per day). Students in the

"/t Graduate School of Business k; U*:

tended to smoke more than the groups in the Law School or the '>m

Graduate School of Arts and Sci- '} ences (28 of 54 business students were nonsmokers; 43 of 94 law (.

students; and 41 of 79 Ph.D. \t. /

candidates in the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences). Students in ji /'<ii%A

these same graduate schools N(g,li** r "from Radcliffe followed approximately the same pattern, with 5

in of the medical school 5 women w\'ii f % il,1 Radcliffefrom (and high academic.

achievers) being nonsmokers.

Noted were Heath's 1958 study, which concluded that "conscien- 1 tiousness"was a personality characteristic of nonsmokers; MaSounds funny, what with three preschoolers to look after..tarazzo's 1960 study, which

... another offsuggested that "psychological tenfive children in school... a son on a mission

sion"was greater in smokers, and to college. But I'm actually a "college girl"up here on the

several recent studies that show ranch. Going to BYU, no less. That's what Home Study is

that smokers at the high school I! about. Bringing an education right to my mailbox.

level "do less well academically

Hellewellthan nonsmokers."—Mrs. James

Heyburn, Idaho Investigations of Dr. Peters and

Dr. Ferris thus far have not exEducation Isn't "far out"in Heyburn, Idaho, or any other

amined what we will here call "the place. Through Home Study It's as close as your mailbox,

run and not be weary"phenomefrom the nation's largest private (and most personal) non. But, among other things of university. Wherever in the world you are, connect with

interest in these times, there does Brigham Young University!

seem to be confirmation that nonsmokers apparently can "find fmrwisdom and treasures of knowledge"so far as academic achieveuriteTcda-ment at Harvard is concerned, m measured by summas and magnas.

\ BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY 210 HRCB Provo, Utah 84601 \

Please send me without obligation your complete brochure./

listing all 293 courses and registration information. /

Dentist's daughter: "Well, dear, //

have you asked father for NAME // my hand yet?"Shy suitor: \ = /

"No. Every time I step into \ \ ADDRESS. / /

his office I lose courage.

Today I allowed him to pull \s CITY..STATE, y

another tooth.".y'y

ZIP.

November 1968 103 In beautiful LIVING COLOR Illustrated Stories From The Book of IVIormon

Thousands are now enjoying Vol. I

and highly praising it.

What some think of this series:

A leading educator:

"Great.... This belongs in every LDS home."

Enthusiastic readers:

"This makes the stories in the Book of Mormon live.'

"It makes it so easy to read and understand."

A bishop: "Why didn't we have this when I was raising my family?"

An educator:

"The greatest educational breakthrough on the

Book of Mormon to date."

A seminary teacher:

"I've waited 20 years for this work.... It's great."

A father: "I can hardly get my children to bed after family home evening.... They want to read and

reread this great book."

From many happy subscribers:

"My family have almost worn out our first volume.

We can hardly wait for the next one."

Order now by mall or from local

representatives. Not available

in book stores.

VINE ST., MURRAY, UTAH 84107.FIRST TWO PROMISED163 EAST LAND PUBLICATION, INC.

Please send copies of Volume I, copies of

Volume II. "Illustrated Stories From the Book of Mormon"VOLUMES 50(''for postage and packing. @ $6.50 each plus 2M tax and

I enclose for. total number of booksNOW—Or send C.O.D.

AVAILABLE publications.I am interestedPleasein contactbeing a me.sales representative for these

with others following Name Ward very soon Address Stake City & State Zip Code iew things in life can be more tragic than the loss of a loved one through death. But what can be more heartbreaking than the loss of a young person through his drifting away from the gospel, from standards long revered by

his parents and leaders?

i

''Sf *

V * <k

"'ttv '\J ">**""*T> *'?"5.

TF/ii/ does this drifting occur among some teens? How

could it have been prevented? In the following pages are

answers to some questions asked of teens themselves, plus the honest outpourings from the heart of a 16year-old girl who knows the sorrows of mistakes in companionship and conduct.

By Florence Bittner

Boys and mothers go together like peanut butter and honey—most of the time. Once in a while

they are more like oil and water, but that's when mother fusses about things like clean underwear, ears, socks, and thoughts. Still, mothers are nice

especially at mealtime. All the guys know nobody

cooks like mom, but it would be nice if she paid o more attention to dad and forgot to look at what gets left on the plate and how many helpings of dessert a boy can eat.

Of course, mothers are apt to concern themselves with the unimportant details of life, like homework and "Practice the piano"and "You've had your TV for tonight,"while the vital issues like the football game down the block and practicing weight lifting and basketball long shots go unattended.

Mothers and boys go together just fine to special school and Scout meetings, but they just don't mix very well during the afterschool hours.

The problem seems to get sort of blurred with words, and mothers have lots more words than boys, and besides, they can end any argument by getting huffy and threatening no dinner. What

the problem boils down to is that mothers just don't understand that it's work to go to school all day. Mothers sort of seem to think kids

play all day, and when they get home and the day's almost gone, then it's time to get to work. It's

tough enough to be a boy without having to contend with mother, too.

Of course, mothers have their place, and if boys had their way, that place would be in the

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor kitchen baking cookies with chocolate icing. Well,

the way it should work would be for mom to bake the cookies while the boy was at school so the cookies would still be warm and the kitchen would smell all spicy when he walked in from school.

About that time mother would be called to visit a

106 Era of Youth neighbor and wouldn't be around to count how keeping dry, and all that corny stuff, many cookies a hungry, hardworking boy can tuck Still, there's something special about mothers, away in two or three passes through the kitchen They come in handy when a kid has a problem, before she gets home. Nobody understands like mother. Most of the

It's nice to have mom around to keep the clean time she can see a boy's side and can be depended clothes coming, but it would be a lot nicer if she upon to take his side, even when there is a little wouldn't make a fuss about the little things, like uneasy spot inside somewhere that says maybe grassstained knees, holes in socks, and buttons it's partly his fault. Sometimes just talking about

ripped off shirts. Part of the trouble is that it with mom helps, even if he doesn't tell mom he

mothers were never boys. Somehow girls don't feels better, but he still complains a lot about how

have the trouble of coming through their clothes tough it is.

at the knees and toes and of buttons coming off The problem is, sometimes mothers go and talk at least not so often. So boys keep getting the "I about a guy's problems just when they shouldn't,

cannot understand what you do to clothes"routine, like going to the teacher to help straighten it out.

A guy would think dad would speak up once When teachers and mothers get together, a kid in a while to explain to mom how one good slide knows what's being talked about. He is. Even

after a ball causes the knees of a boy's pants to though he hollers a lot about wishing mom would disappear somehow. Boys don't plan it that way. stay home and let him handle it, he's glad inside

That's just the way pants are. It would help if that she cares that much.

somebody would just find something out of which Sometimes mothers are fun to talk to, even to make pants that would stand up to a couple of when a guy doesn't have any problems—especially

good slides on a playground. A guy would think when she starts telling about how it was when

dad would explain how it is once in a while, but she and dad first met, and about when you were about all he ever says is not to talk back to mother, little and all that. Then sometimes dad starts

Mothers get in the way just before time for telling about the war, and then a guy could sit all dinner, too. That's when boys get so hungry that night and listen. But just about that time mom

their innards growl something fierce, and all mom is sure to look at the clock and say she didn't does is say not to piece just before dinner, and know it was so late, and on a school night, too.

she hasn't even got the frying pan out. Anybody There's something special about coming home

knows a guy can eat and get hungry again in the from somewhere and opening the door and calling time it takes to cook dinner. for mom and having her call back, "I'm here.

Lots of times mothers are nice. They smell son."Then the house is full and a guy can go

good—sort of perfumey and warm to snuggle up about his business and know everything is all

to just for a minute when nobody is looking, right.

When a guy gets sick, it's sure nice to have mom Boys and mothers go together like peanut butcome into the room to bring something cold to ter and honey. They're both better when the

drink and to straighten out the covers. other one is around. A boy knows mother is sort

Then when a guy gets to feeling better, she of like breathing—necessary, but most enjoyable

starts in again, fussing about buttoning coats, when she doesn't get in the way. O

November 1968 107 7,PiWJQZJ%

1. They are genuinely concerned They don't spend time with

for our welfare. the family; they are too busy

2. They help us solve problems elsewhere.

we encounter In life. They forget they were young

3. They show trust in us and let once and don't understand

us make some important deyouth's desires and probcisions. lems.

4. They have family home evenThey are inconsistent, giving

ing and prayer. some members of the family

5. They make home a happy more advantages than others.

and secure place to be. They are too demanding and

6. They take an active interest expect too much.

in our activities and ask sinThey are over or under procerely about school, friends, tective.

and interests. They give too many material

They set a good example for things in place of love.

us to follow in church, work, 7. They provide no example.

and home life. 8. They don't explain decisions

8. They don't expect us to do—just give decrees.

something they don't do They appear not to listen to themselves. both sides of arguments.

9. They realize individuality. 10. They don't realize times

10. They work hard and sacrifice have changed.

for us. 11. They make us feel as if we

can't talk to them; they won't

understand, so why should we try?

Editors'Note: The following comments came from a Sunday School class, comprised of 1 6- and 1 7-yearolds, in their

response to the question of relationships between parents and youth. Ned Hill directed the class in the Bountiful

(Utah) First Ward.

1. They listen to parents and 1. They think only of themtheir counsel; they're wiser selves, not realizing that

than one thinks! parents have problems and

2. They realize differences beresponsibilities too.

tween youth and parents, 2. They are disrespectful and

and do their best to talk them irreverent.

out. 3. They have a knowit-all atti-

3. They help with family and tude.

house chores. 4. They don't stay home enough

4. They go with the family to and do not take their share

church. of work.

5. They choose friends wisely: 5. They take everything for

"As friends are, you will begranted.

come."6. They are indifferent toward

6. They rely on the Lord. school, country, ideals.

7. They let their parents know 7. They won't go to parents with

their friends. problems.

8. They are active in seminary 8. They criticize their parents.

and church. 9. They are impatient, wanting

9. They apply themselves in all of life's experiences NOW.

school. 10. They don't go to church.

10. They let their parents know 11. They choose friends unthey are proud of them. wisely.

11. They show gratitude to their 12. They desire only material

parents, teachers, friends, things.

and the Lord. 13. They want everything for

12. They are courteous and show nothing.

manners. 13. They earn trust and do not

just expect it. Read through this list again,

14. They respect their parents'but this time see how it apdecisions. plies to you: not to someone

15. They accept responsibilities. you know, but to you.

November 1968 109 'tva.f H*"''. Be aM *'*"-"i Wt NOW.

. *! "".o*'f..''"t;,* of

it loo setter to do, *';;;,,,,,

>"o He e.e la* the before feel t.e. to wants, r.oo

y '. k.ow he i. """""'"r::, eve. *eP X'

*'te"-*,e,... 0'!;;n,e..

- -'*;:ifrom e,; pot.s. eliminated'i: fee

taiked - has ever., think my bishopbish P I don't 'lon."longaskmgocking Jw, to me without t.rst 1

\ toportantl the ti-t place. It's otejedf VL".,, have ] wouldn't

; -ethe afid, hein. Uke

'I, -, the is fngWen if Ve. or not,

1, stiU going to be, to you, vhether be xmpo person, let.t,,. young

minutes or three takes ten \ bt, Uptinthemiddlelltcan,,,,,.

'when you listen, '"',or dinner or g re gm you what ing about tell u y i. can Kids, else.Pke something

110 Era of Youth M ''

"doing a 30t> J J orV inst]ustterested drugs the rnecbanics. tting off

understn, Please try to about is one of the yoeU them -'l'''2lstraight wh., to the lids

Don't say *;;,,., can't get arugs. that pi

ictrust.disxi iuana. They toow.,,,4- cause

to >"'* B 1 - not <d ""'tit yo gets yo - '**:',, overpowe,,; 0"== th.. th the *, tn

lo">'"''ttin>o.,y, ff

Baker toUsten before. It doing considered

.ouneverwouidhaveons,,eyou 'X.

osej un you to y, feel so can cause -n t "yo"any -'to lose,,,, lovedJ'hat;,en if of heing worthy t accep

stiU can't really.,t really you're going;t alone-,3 if pretend shouldn't.,, Adults

before happening t *,, tbere and t,eywishitwerentYo-,,,the..ds,

.an,ou can overcone 3 fst, issue at t-; as a moral Let it. with Don't go after t -;;,,,g logically

that.s point out all

November 1968 are fhanthan beeru,:. worse no so what either, beer in -'"Tn'tbeive keep loving

y, o hutoux we don t, DeiitJ 4- wrong, iv,v're loved and. tnaithat you'U,,,,tandthento.ortofdefenseisyou know because Happiness is to you hv,,. because not it, ao se live with,,.e TO to..ant

:;:videenoug.oit.t,,eles.T going to have

---"totrr'-ou're know that tbey,,tt Let kids you happy- -\::n:::-.to...p—not gomg—tude, it's

God be do better things. Don't let

,,,,.. one Bear.our testirnon so - you buM something

him as a pers,.,,.t imagine

them Sbow tbem you care..,,,o.

.ebo.Oodcancare-,,,,,eiievetb

,ee the One of the reasons that 1,,,,eh kind so be oy and God me for shown -f love wonderf eouid\ ""'how imagined Ii perfect TenThen members. w God, prt.. by given, he thatj- '"but,, more, was answer thereJrc course,

an But Don't expect feel and know,i.st, but be patient fj.em,

----'"rc"-'-"'--""'that at times you can that help will come.,p, or wou

ji:r.h:;r:-;t::

answered, eitnei j.. to answe. enough es.e e,, are agamst p,,s

,,,,y so m the i,.t said enough.

HeavenlyFatheth, and because lat orland Covenants,o i Doctrine the rest are fine112 Era of Youth to say, trying, They're"hurt. ho hpingbemg the guy. from comes agaiu- a me '+ hurthur iwontgvey.You cant

ciuitssohecantbe.,,

'me, 1 1-3 strong,e es, \)est yo to reject +v,e oo loving. families,t'lave een chance -havehave, are people whov, Hippies Kids fnends, of 10 by good then emotions.. i- and and,,,es ndand themthem monies, come needs, g *at oy gospelle be care misery t you the that.ared how ueea

. don't they the P"""''"'.ws. to.takes vhenwhen,,,ei but"foreignforeign jessed, there so life being,g,,.e them yo that remind Y-'-.";, Ion't strength thanWui'.,, husy. their yo iu associates y UP -, cioi y,, caught ronfidenceconn out,0, express g,, he also to S- th,,, bothered individuals Bemind he as can't them torwu that '4- as heen and *e Ood wrth of them - Father, ake ""Jl.ghters Heavenly '": ourour HeP of,,,es. children

fteir w trengtbs,, talents, ana ye are e wants ttieu strengths..jvhenV joy.,find theirtneii y

i last-, fervent,ter themselves,tn toto a say and grow stage,, beginning its As m helped. miskirts to be ana pleaulea sandals, chance belK than,e wearmg started and nothing teU was V, therethere me Youth..rs around to church,

Writing fn he noticed. nobody. -ies to oe hippyto3oke; Contest Don't treat it ththat or atl,,ed laughed separate Three competitions. enter You love you,,,e teh theni',, inthe only for college that are you Don't

Kather, say p.veUiousness in terested attending. Participating A re ""'-ay. colleges are Brigham UniverYoung

College, sity, Ricks of Church College them you "..now"a better

Hawaii. All three schools are awarding

full and partial scholarships to winners in their division. The Improvement

Era is awarding cash prizes and subscriptions to the magazine for those earning honorable mention. Eligible

entrants:

Under 25 on January 1, 1969 High school seniors (196869)

Deadline: December 31,1968

November 1968 113 *f % I- *

SBv

''"'-i*''*'1st,, '*jm.

'-irt**

A *;

PI*-!

ifeit SW<

j*#%; W #*-*

< %.': ToThoseWhoWould Turn from Counsel

By Linda L. Olson

/ saw the saplings standing huddled close,

Their pale green leaves A contrast to the darker tones of older trees nearby.

I wondered if these infant trees

Were wise enough To recognize their weakness and he thankful that

The Providence that placed them there

Had placed before (Those trees grown tall) a buffer to the wind.

Or were they more like us when in our youth,

The first buds of maturity beginning to unfold,

We saw but vaguely, if at all.

The darker, deeper, richer hues of those who had stood longer in these fields?

Then, with a boldness only youth could know,

We struggled free To face alone the winds of life.

And not until the storms brought stronger winds

To make our slender limbs bend low beneath their blasts,

We turned to see that there were some

Who swayed hut slightly in the fiercest wind.

And then we knew the value of their deeper roots,

Their greater strength.

Their longer time of fighting to rerrmin upright.

Oh youth, lose not your daring nor your will to grow!

But also know That, as the saplings with their paler leaves.

You have as yet to gain the strength.

The height, the depth, Of those made wise by years.

November 1968 115 Putting it to your parents But keep trying. You're injects with an attitude of appresquarely, you may get some volved here with people who ciation for all the other one is

straight answers to some tough care, who love. A sincere growntrying to be, for all he really is.

questions. upto-grownup approach in facDad's knowledge and Mother's

Or you may get a lecture, an ing the problems of life can spirituality can be powerful awkward silence, a desperate be beneficial to all concerned. helps in the mean wrestle with

attempt at changing the subEach side of the generation piclife.

ject. You may not like what you ture tries a little harder to wear We hear some stern admonhear. You may refuse to listen. the other's glasses. Each assumes ishments that youth should

Impasse. Nowhere. Frustrathe other is a wellmeaning, in- "honour thy father and thy

tion for everyone. telligent child of God. Each apmother."What we don't hear

Happening—the generation proaches the task of arriving at often enough and understand

gap in action. agreement on disagreeable subfully is the importance of the

By Elaine CannonTake It Dad! &om

rest of that scripture: "that thy with the false or

days may be long upon the land fleeting attitudes of man.

which the Lord thy God giveth What is really important here?

thee."(Exod. 20:12.) What is at stake?

You want your days to be Why is sin sinful?

long, your life to be full. Well, Why is unchastity near the top of the list of "thou shalt nots"?

so do your parents! Give them Why are drugs dangerous?

a chance to counsel with you, Why is pornography destroying to one's soul?

carefully and prajerfully and What about fads in appearance and behavior?

patiently learning together. With What's right for this family?

them consider the value of timeYour kind of people will give you your kind of answer.

tested, Godgiven principles as So take it from Dad and Mom and from Heavenly Father himself.

eternal life.Ocompared with today's trends, They really care about your long life—your

i4a. -fUo A/Ct<X i"K> '- -- i dyb'i>MK'XJ

"/'m home from schoolF'Whither Away? The house is still

By Iris H. Hathaway 'emptifness,

the pantry bare of goodly snacks that oft were stacked therein in days before.

There is no call Of "Son? in answer

to my scuffling feet.

My books are spread;

I bow my head to drink their contents in.

The stillness cuts into my studied concentration and leaves me listening for once familiar sounds:

the clank of pans, the sound of water from the tap as vegetables were washed before our evening meal.

All these are gone—

vanished into the fresh dirt mound upon the hill.

Some music? Yes!

It will dispel the gloom that emanates from every corner here.

The record spins, and from it come the raucous sounds which once had filled my heart luith joy because I then had felt as one with all my peers.

It is not soothing now—

it agitates.

It separates me further from my kin.

Oh, sire, I need you so!

And yet I understand that you cannot endure a house without her presence warming it.

I must escape!

The evening breeze is cool upon my feverish brow.

My footsteps lead me on through treelined streets around the neighborhood

118 Era of Youth until Pm led, almost unwillingly, toward the totvn high school.

A friendly greeting—"Hi!''

I see some classmates there beneath the lamp that lights this corner of the world.

Their comradeship will fill the void and drive despair away.

The screech of tires—"Whither away?"

"You'll see some sport!"

"Look out! We're being tailed!"

"Those lousy cops!"A siren's wail

lifts, by its very voice, the foot from off the gas.

"A speeding tag—oh, well,

it need not spoil our fun!"

My heart is cold and I seem far adrift from needed comfort sought in comrades bold.'

"Spoilsport!"Ah yes,

I need to be alone;

to walk and siveep the cobwebs from my mind on my way home.

And yet, I wander here and there—

back past the school, postponing the hour of my return.

Orchestral music fills the air.

It is our concert night, and patriotic strains that tell of love of home and cowitry fill my soul and beckon me to enter through the auditorium door.

I slip into a vacant seat and soon drift off to memory's painful realm where there were three instead of only one.

I hear my mother's voice from out the recent past,

."with"—andlovecrownand pride,thy goodteachingwith brotherhood.me in song:..

"... nearer my God to thee."

Darkness hides my glistening cheeks, and I am once more wrapped within the mantle of her love—

/ have come home at last.

November 1968 119 End of an Era

Sign on the wall of a BYU A squad car policeman was religion class: "What on earth Life covering a quiet beat in the

aresake?"—Delciayou doing forBushmanheaven's Among suburbsto find awhenformerhe waspoliceamazed

the lieutenant also on that beat. He stopped his car and Selfdenial: No thyself. Mormons

—T. Kirkwood Collins said, "Why, Mike, this wouldn't be your new beat

way out here, would it?"

A soldier %vho lost his rifle In a Sunday School "That it is,"Mike replied ivas lectured by his captain class we were discussing grimly, "ever since I arand told he would have to pay the subject of reverence rested the judge on his way for it. "Sir,"gulped the soldier, during the sacrament. The to the Masquerade Ball."

"suppose I lost a tank. Surely I matter of noisy, crying "You mean, you pinched his

wouldn't have to pay for it?"children was brought up, honor?"asked Pat. "How was

"Yes, you would, if it took you and one gentleman summed I to know that his convict the 'rest of your army life."up the problem well suit was only a costume?"

"Oh, ivell,"said the soldier, when he said, "Crying demanded Mike. "Well,"

"noiv I know ivhy a captain babies are like good mused Pat, "'tis life, and goes down ivith his ship."intentions—they should there's a lesson in this

be carried out."somewhere.""That there

"'Tiswise Classical music is the kind that—Anne Porter, is,"said Mike.

we keep hopin'will turn into Ogden, Utah never to book a judge by his cover. a tune.—Kin Hubbard

It was a lovely autumn day, As scarce as truth is, the supply There is a challenge in the with the leaves turning to has always been in excess of words of a humble Hindu woman a blazing red and gold. the demand.—Josh Billings ivho heard the word of God

Little Colleen's grandand became a Christian. Her

mother had promised to take If we are to stop the onslaught of husband was very angry and lost her for a walk along a nearby immorality, divorce, and family no opportunities to vent his creek, but she kept working disintegration, lawlessness, strife, anger. "What do you do when

at her household chores, riots, burglaries, murders, crime, your husband is cruel?"she was

first one thing, then and deception, we must iiot ask asked. She replied quietly,

another. Finally the little what are iliey doing about it. We "I cook his food better. When

girl took her grandmother's must ask and answer the question, he complains, I sweep the floor hand and said, "Come on! "What am I doing?"Let us cleaner. When he speaks unLet's go out and get some examine ourselves, acknowledge kindly, I answer him mildly.

use out of the world."our faults, and repent where we I try to show him that when I

—Gladys Kent, Lansing, should. became a Christian, I also

Michigan—President N. Eldon Tanner became a better wife and mother."

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

120 Improvement Era lER?

I would like to receive complete information about these books without cost or obligation. The Bible

Story for all people makes the Bible easy to understand for every child, teenager, and adult.

Name

Street Address

City State

Telephone Zip Code

\v 3*..n

<flt"r< O-J.t: 00c i '-7

TO O I-wDC Q.i55 wc

u.

J 2(rt KO <l Siu 00 >- o - c X<

>- Q-lIII Ul Q DC 5:: 2

Q u CQ > w UJ K Ul I W: X m m J < o03 Z| g UJ 1-

UJ 1 X oz w 1—1- a. v%< BU Post;

No COoQ. a. 2 oz UJ Ff students... adults...

ourWorld isWaiting!

Spin your compass... chart your Travel Study course for 1969!

Brigham Young University literally covers the world with 21 Travel Study adventures for students and adults. Course credit optional on many. Join world

experts... see more... do more the BYU way! {LDS standards, of course.)

TRAVEL STUDY Brigham Young University

Room 202 HRCB Provo, Utah 84601

Please send detailed information on tours I have circled:

STUDY TOURS DOMESTIC TOURS SUMMERS/SEMESTERS ABROAD 1 1 I I"—"I I nJ '* (adults/students) (adults/students) (students)

European tours Church History Summer in Mexico Semester in Salzburg

History Colonial/Church Grenoble Semester in in Hawaii Summer genealogy Write now Britain in Midnight Jerusalem Semester Operation Sun Bible Lands Guatemalan lor FREE RoundRound theSouthWorldAmerica New York Theatre Tour Work/Study Semester in Madrid

Round the Pacific

NAME

Drochores ADDRESSCITY.STATE..ZIP TRAVEL STUDY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

OZ /omework can be tough, but it has to be for the future. done to lay a groundwork M. rich in ife insurance father future for his son aEvery dreams

opportunity and satisfaction, rewarding in terms offinancial security. By backing up his dreams with helpsJulfill the

an insurance program that will assure his children training, education, or advanced technicala college promise ofthe future future. take the uncertainty out of the father cana

Whatever your dreams for the future, ground in protect with a wellreality and themthem

Beneficial Life BENEFICIAL LIFE insurance program.planned Your

agent will be happy to work with you on that piece of homework! Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah