In the Era of Youth: The Indian Student Placement Program

"One Qfthegreatest spheres ofinfluence in tf\e lives ofydungmen and is tf\e Women ofcollegeage institute ofReligion adjacent to college campuses- <7strongly urge tljat each and evefy cLatterdaySaint yOuth attending institutions ofhigher learning otljer than our QiurclicUniversity arjdcolleges becomes irjyolved.

hi this inspired program cPreident (T>avidO.<MccKa!r

Involve yourself in the Institute program now!

The Voice of the Church August 1968

Cover Note Special Features 2 Editor's Page: On This Evidence, President David 0. McKay

"A choice people in a choice land!"The 9 The Long Hot Summer of 1912 (Part 1), Karl E. Young

18 Oliver Cowdery's NonMormon Reputation, Dr. Richard L. Anderson

red sands and blue skies of Monument 33 How Much Do You Want to Pay for Your Money? Melvin L. (Bud) Brain

Valley, Arizona, and the three young 53 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 4, Second String, Dr.

Navajo girls in colorful native dress picHugh Nibley tured on our August cover point to the 73 My Sick-a-Bed Pillows, Florence J. Johnson

fulfillment of these Book of Mormon 81 NewDr. GustiveEnglandO. LeadershipLarson in the Rise and Progress of the Church,

words, as told in articles in the Era of

Youth about today's Indian youth and Regular Features their achievements. 5 The Era Asks President N. Eldon Tanner About the Word of Wisdom

28 The LDS Scene The cover picture was taken by Don 30 Major Genealogical Resources in the Netherlands

Gabbott of Bountiful, Utah. 34 Lest We Forget: Sam Brannan and the Sea Saints, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

65 Teaching: It's Later Than It Has Ever Been Before, Jim Johnston

70 Today's Family: Swings and Things, Florence B. Pinnock

74 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Decisions, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

76 The Church Moves On 78 Buffs and Rebuffs 85 These Times: Church Ceremonial, Dr. G. Homer Durham

88 End of an Era Mail for Canadian Missionaries 35, 69, 77, 78 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

During the Canadian postal strike, air and first class mail to the AlaskanCanadian Mission is being addressed to P. 0. Box 154, Era of Youth

Custer, Washington; Western Canadian Mis37-52 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

sion, c/o Ralph Sluys, P. 0. Box 9000, Great

Falls, Montana; and Canadian Mission, P. 0.

Box 696, Falls Station, Niagara Falls, New Poetry

York. 4, 8, 36, 49, 69, 79, 80, 84 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L Green.FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock.Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon.Todd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith.andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris.ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S, Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Superintendent, Saints, Latterday Young Association of Mutual of Improvement The the by and Men'sof of Christ of reserved.Christ Improvement Associations Latterday Subscription Jesus The a 1968,$3,00 advance; MutualmultipleGeneral subscriptions, a price;price, years, single year, Churchyears, threeyear year,publishedcopy, $5.75; $8.25; 2 3 Allyearof each to for Saints.$2.50Church inexcept succeeding rightsJesusadded the 35t

issues. special Associations. Improvement Mutual Quorums. Priesthood organ of

Office. Entered for for at at Salt second Lake Acceptance rate of special class matter. mailing in section the as provided Utah, postage 1103. and System, School Church Music Committee. Teaching Committee,theOfficialHome

authorized City,2, October act July Post1917, 1918. Saints. Latterday of of Christ of Jesus agencies Churchother The

is for contributions. not responsible Manuscripts manuscripts are for The paid ofImprovement welcomes but acceptance on be and must

for sufficientEra delivery postage accompanied unsolicitedand for include noticeby required slip of a of days'issue please the ordering address. recent address change, from magazine. return.When Address

is well old included. thechange unless the as cannot address Thirtychanges as be new ismade aone Era, City. State, Salt Improvement 84111 South LakeThe Utah 79

August 1968 OnThis Evidence "I charge thee therefore before God,"Paul ter—the peerless personality of history,"but deny

wrote to Timothy, "and the Lord Jesus Christ, his divinity. Millions accept him as the Great

who shall judge the quick and the dead at his Teacher, whose teachings, however, are not appearing and his kingdom; applicable to modern social conditions. A few

"Preach the word; be instant in season, out of oh, how few—of the approximately three and oneseason; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longhalf billion inhabitants of the globe accept him

suffering and doctrine. for what he really is—the Only Begotten of the

"For the time will come when they will not Father, who "came into the world, even Jesus, endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts to be crucified for the world, and to bear the sins

shall they heap to themselves teachers, having of the world, and to sanctify the world, and to itching ears; cleanse it from all unrighteousness."(D&C

"And they shall turn away their ears from the 76:41.)

truth, and shall be turned unto fables. Prove it as a fact that Christ did appear after

"But watch thou in all things, endure afflicdeath as a glorified, resurrected being and you tions, do the work of an evangelist, make full have the answer to the question of the ages: "If

proof of thy ministry."(2 Tim. 4:1-5.) a man die, shall he live again?"Look at the deep

When Paul wrote this, he was a prisoner at significance of the testimony of the Savior's

Rome. These are among his last recorded words disciples, who were stricken with gloom when he

to Timothy, his son in the faith. In that first was crucified. That his death was a reality to

sentence Paul declares the existence of God, them is shown in their intense grief, in the statewhich he supports authoritatively in his writings. ment of Thomas, in the moral perplexity of Peter,

He declares the divinity of Jesus Christ, and the and in the evident preparations for a permanent reality of his resurrection. burial of their Master. Notwithstanding Christ's

"Preach the word,"Paul admonishes Timothy. assurance, repeated often during the two and a

What "word"? That "Jesus Christ, who hath half years he was with them, that he would reabolished death,... hath brought life and immorturn to them after death, the apostles seemed

tality to light through the gospel."(2 Tim. 1:10.) not to have accepted, or not to have comprehended,

"Behold the man!"said Pontius Pilate, Roman that statement as a literal fact.

governor of Judea, as Jesus, mockingly bedecked What was it, we ask the world, that suddenly with a purple robe, his head covered with a crown changed these disciples to confident, fearless, of thorns, stood before the mob, which cried, heroic preachers of the gospel of Jesus Christ?

"Crucify him, crucify him!"(John 19:5-6.) It was the reality that Christ had risen from the

As on the occasion of that historic trial, so grave, his promises had been kept, his messianic through the ages men have beheld Christ from mission had been fulfilled.

different viewpoints. Some who reject him as On the evidence of these unprejudiced, unvenomously as did the rabble see in him and in expected, incredulous witnesses, the resurrection

his disciples "investors of a Christian moral has its impregnable foundation. I like to think

system that has undermined and sapped the vigor of one young man among them as an independent of the European world."Others with clearer inthinker. His mother had joined the Christian

sight, begotten by experience, behold him as the Church, but he did not pay much attention to it originator of a system that "promotes industry, until he was disturbed one night by his mother's honesty, truth, purity, and kindness, a system voice asking him to rise quickly: "Don't stop to

that upholds law, favors liberty; is essential to dress; throw a cloak around your body and rush

it, and would unite men in one great brotherhood."to Gethsemane. Tell Jesus that Judas and soldiers

Others behold him as the "one perfect characare coming to arrest him."I think that young

Improvement Era

By President David O. McKay

man who fled was John Mark, the author of one Neither Mark nor Luke testifies as to having of the four gospels. personally seen the Risen Lord, and, therefore,

We have no evidence that Mark joined the some urge that their recorded testimonies cannot

Church while the Savior was on the earth. But be taken as firsthand evidence. That they do not

we know that he did join the Church later, and so testify and yet were convinced that others did that he labored with Peter. We know that Paul, see him shows how incontrovertible was the

in his letter to Timothy, said: "Bring Mark with evidence among the apostles and other disciples

you, for he is profitable to our ministry."(See that the resurrection was a reality.

2 Tim. 4:11.) We know Mark went on a mission Fortunately, we have the personal testimony of

to the northern part of Africa, and that travelers a witness to an appearance of Jesus after his today can walk over ruins of structures built to death and burial. This personal testimony also

his memory. corroborates the testimonies not only of Mark

Mark did not himself recount any appearance and Luke, but also of others. Saul, a Jew of

of the Risen Lord, but he testified that the Lord Tarsus who was educated at the feet of the would meet his disciples. From Mark we hear the Pharisee Gamaliel, was, before his conversion, a

glorious proclamation of the first empty tomb in bitter persecutor of all who believed in Jesus of all the world. For the first time in history the Nazareth. Later the thoroughly converted Saul,

words "here lies"were supplanted by the divine now the apostle Paul, proclaimed:

message, "He is risen."No one can doubt that "For I delivered unto you first of all that which

Mark was convinced in his soul of the reality I also received, how that Christ died for our sins of the empty tomb; and, if my inference is right, according to the scriptures;

he knew about the trial, the humiliation to which "And that he was buried, and that he rose

Jesus was subjected, and the crucifixion. He again the third day according to the scriptures:

devoted his life to the proclaiming of the gospel, "And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the and if tradition can be relied upon, he sealed his twelve testimony with his blood. "After that, he was seen of above five hundred

Luke stood by Paul's side at the jail, and not brethren at once; of whom the greater part relong after that, according to the tradition, Paul main unto this present, but some are fallen

was beheaded. Luke was a physician. He spent asleep.

many years of his life studying about the cruci- "After that, he was seen of James; then of all

fied Savior. He experienced the darkness that the apostles.

spread over the country at the time of the cruci- "And last of all he was seen of me also, as of fixion. In chapter 24, Luke testifies to the divine one born out of due time.

message: "Why seek ye the living among the "For I am the least of the apostles, that am

dead? not meet to be called an apostle, because I perse-

"He is not here, but is risen...."(Luke 24: cuted the church of God."(1 Cor. 15:3-9.)

5-6.) In addition to the ancient apostles, we have the

With equal assurance, we can accept his statetestimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith, who ment and witness in regard to the testimonies of gives in an unequivocal description the following

Peter and Paul and other apostles regarding the stirring testimony in relation to his first vision:

resurrection. "To whom also he [Christ] shewed "... When the light rested upon me I saw

himself alive after his passion by many infallible two Personages... standing above me in the air.

proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speakOne of them spake unto me, calling me by name, ing of the things pertaining to the kingdom of and said, pointing to the other This is My BeGod."(Acts 1:3.) loved Son. Hear,Him!"( Joseph Smith 2:17.) -*"

August 1968 These words were spoken about eighteen hundred we can look with assurance into the open grave years after the resurrection of the Savior. and say, "He is not here; he will rise again."

Thus, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday- (See Matt. 28:6.)

Saints stands with Peter, Paul, James, and all of My dear fellow workers, I know as a divine the apostles in accepting the resurrection as being truth that Christ preached to the spirits in prison not only literally true, but also as the consummawhile his body lay in the tomb. It is true!

tion of Christ's divine mission on earth. Other "... the Lord is God, and beside him there is

great religious leaders among the nations of the no Savior.

world since history began have taught virtue, "Great is his wisdom, marvelous are his ways, temperance, selfcontrol, service, obedience to and the extent of his doings none can find out.

righteousness and duty; some have taught belief "His purposes fail not, neither are there any

in one supreme ruler and in a hereafter; but only who can stay his hand.

Christ broke the seal of the grave and revealed "From eternity to eternity he is the same, and death as the door to immortality and eternal life. his years never fail.

If Christ lived after death, so shall men, each "For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, am

one taking his place, in the next world, for which merciful and gracious unto those who fear me, he is best fitted. Since love is as eternal as life, and delight to honor those who serve me in

the message of the resurrection is the most comrighteousness and in truth unto the end.

forting, the most glorious message ever given to "Great shall be their reward and eternal shall man; for when death takes a loved one from us, be their glory."(D&C 76:1-6.) O

An Okinawa Sabbath

By J. William Perry

/ ivas awakened this morning "Music and the Spoken Word And the family—

Here in a remote corner of God's From the Crossroads of the The very hallmark of His gospel.

vineyard. West."

It is the Sabbath. Maybe it was heard by more

Raindrops dripping fromeaves My ears filled, as than I,

Echoed through my room, Strains of pipe and voice, By other servicemen;

And the windows were dull As choir and organ, Possibly they too sensed, the gray. Poured forth music beauty thereof

Illuminated by And will come to know

The Spirit of the Lord. That it was given to us

Suddenly And the spoken word, As one gleaming pearl,

An intense feeling crept through Magnified and enhanced A single bead my being. By more than the Tabernacle From a golden string,

"Your radio—turn it on—dome, The glory and extent of which

listen!"Brought forth a simple message Cannot be fully conceived

(Not verbose) By finite mortals.

And then—About respect one to another, Thus came this message.

Improvement Era

Almost 100 percent

of nighttime fatal

accidents to teenagers

in St. Louis

in 1967 involved

alcohol.

The Era Asks President N. Eldon Tanner

About the Word of Wisdom

With the deluge of new souland minddestroying drugs, and the modern worldwide barrage of propaganda by alcoholic and tobacco interests, few topics are more timely than the Word of Wisdom. President N. Eldon Tanner, second counselor in the First Presidency, has kept abreast of the many findings involving the Word of Wisdom. Formerly a school

principal, Minister of Land, Mines, and Forests of the Province of Alberta, Canada, and president of TransCanada Pipe

Lines Limited, President Tanner has enjoyed a career of farranging influence.

Q. How do researchers, educators, and health directly upsets another 20 million lives—persons such

scientists view the influence of alcohol upon society? as family members, employers, and close associates.

A. Alcohol—in liquors, beers, and all forms—has Two billion dollars each year are spent for the care

contributed more evil, sadness, and heartache to the and rehabilitation of alcoholics. Every citizen pays

world than will ever be imagined by our finite minds. in increased taxes the cost of alcoholism.

Even in business, its toll is tremendous. Experts Q. Is alcoholism increasing?

claim that more than five workers out of every 100 A. Yes, national councils state that alcoholism has

are alcoholics, and these include men from the execuincreased so rapidly that it now ranks fourth in the tive suite to the assembly line. They cost industry United States as a leading health problem. Only

four billion dollars a year. One official, Lewis F. mental illness, heart disease, and cancer are more

Presnall, director of the industrial services of the common. In our permissive society, the development

National Council on Alcoholism, says alcoholism of a state of mind conducive to the use of alcohol among workers is a "huge problem and extremely has been inevitable.

costly to industry."Q. Do parents need to be more vigilant in this

But alcoholism does more than hit industry in the matter?

pocketbook. It hits every citizen. In 1966 Senator A. Very definitely, and especially Latterday Saint

Jacob K. Javits of New York introduced the Alcoholism parents who have the word of the Lord on this subControl Act in the U. S. Senate, and reported that ject. Parents need to remember that their children

some 15 percent of all new admissions to public associate with friends who are not aware of the nonfederal mental hospitals in 1960 were alcoholics. dangers of alcohol, even with youth who themselves

It is calculated that over five million persons in the may be drinking. Dr. Frederick Hudson, director of

United States are alcoholics and that alcohol inan alcoholic clinic in San Francisco, claims that 70

August 1968 percent of all alcoholics begin drinking as teenagers. It is an established fact that much sex delinquency

These youths see the drinking of alcohol as a natural begins when one is under the influence of alcohol.

way of life among their parents and others. AccordAlso, alcohol is the cause of more broken homes, frusing to the 1963 White House Conference on Children trated and disappointed children, warped personaliand Youth, most youths who drink get their first ties, and dulling of minds than any other single cause.

drink in their own homes from parents who drink No one needs to question the inspiration of the inregularly. struction, "wine or strong drink is not good."(See

I would like to refer to a story that I have often D&C 89:5.)

mentioned about the father who was called to the Q. Has research confirmed the Church's teachscene of a car accident in which his young daughter ings against the use of drinks containing caffeine?

was killed. The group had been drinking, and the A. Numerous researchers and students are curfather in his anguish exclaimed: "I'll kill the man who rently probing the influence on humans of many soprovided this whiskey!"On returning home he found called harmless drugs, such as caffeine. According

a note in his daughter's own handwriting in his liquor to a German geneticist, Dr. Wolfram Osterag, "coffee,

cabinet. It read: "Dad, I hope you don't mind our tea, and certain soft drinks may not be as innocuous

taking your whiskey tonight."as they seem. The caffeine in these drinks and in

Since youth will not be able to avoid being exposed some medicines can cause miscarriages or can be to alcohol, we need to encourage them to teach their passed on to the unborn baby, causing mutations in friends the truth about alcohol. Parents may be inits cells."

terested to know that a special jury in St. Louis, MisIn experiments conducted with human cells, the

souri, found that "almost 100 percent of the nighttime physician found that caffeine causes the chromosomes fatal accidents to teenagers in 1967 involved the use of the cells to break up. Dr. Osterag has said, "The

of alcohol."In fact, the U. S. Department of Health, possibility exists that caffeine is one of the most

Education, and Welfare reported in 1967 that 50 dangerous mutationcausing agents in man, since it percent of all highway accidents are caused by drinkis known that caffeine penetrates to the human ing. In September 1964, the Medical Tribune reported germinal tissue and through the placental barrier to

that 68 percent of all highway deaths were caused by the human fetus."

drinking. We should all be active in the enactment Q. Are the discoveries about tobacco that made

and enforcement of laws to protect the public against so many headlines several years ago fully subdrinking drivers. stantiated?

But alcohol's toll does not end on the highway. The A. Most emphatically. In fact, mounting pressure

Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1966 reported that continues to pile up against the use of tobacco. At

almost 50 percent of all those arrested were under first, isolated studies linked cigarette smoking with an the influence of alcohol. The Quarterly Journal of increased risk of death from lung cancer. Then in

Studies of Alcohol reported that alcohol was involved 1962 the British Royal College of Physicians reported in 64 percent of homicide cases, 70 percent of physithat some 500 Britons were dying each week from cal assault crimes, and 50 percent of shootings and lung cancer and that 80 percent of these deaths were other assaults. (Vol. 17.) caused by cigarettes.

Improvement Era

Heavy advertising by the tobacco

industry has attempted

to offset the truth

about tobacco.

Besides being connected with lung cancer and the emotionally disturbed to go permanently insane.

pulmonary diseases, tobacco is also associated with Harvard University has reported: "We now know that

deaths from peptic ulcers, stroke, and cancer of the longterm subtle psychological damage can result larynx, mouth, pharynx, esophagus, and bladder, as from LSD. Numerous cases have been reported of

well as other diseases. It is reported that each year prolonged psychotic reactions lasting from a few

tobacco is responsible for 11 million cases of chronic months to two years."The university also reports

illness in the United States and 77 million days lost that the drug probably structurally damages the from work. brain. What sane, intelligent person would want to

It is little wonder, then, that the Lord has said, damage his brain permanently?

"And again, tobacco is not for the body, neither for Q. How should Latterday Saints view this tenthe belly, and is not good for man...,"(D&C 89:8.) dency of our modern environment to discover and

The truth about tobacco is coming more into the promote the use of these mindand soulwasting public consciousness, but heavy advertising by the drugs of alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, and LSD?

tobacco industry has attempted to offset the truth, A. Despite all that we know about the danger of

and even resulted in a 2.9 percent increase in cigarette these drugs and their evil and shocking influence,

sales last year. many youths—some of them Latterday Saints—each

But if we will continue to teach the facts about year begin the drinking, smoking, and druguse extobacco and alcohol, most of our people, we hope, perience. Parents, teachers, and youth leaders must

will make the intelligent decision. According to remake a renewed attempt to reach all of our youth—

search, teenagers are smarter than many adults in the religiously active as well as the inactive—conthis respect. A U.S. Public Health Service survey cerning this message, and to encourage our youth

reports that teenage smoking has dropped 10 percent and adults to be ambassadors in informing their in the last ten years throughout the United States, associates of the dangers of these drugs. No good

and that 80 percent of the teens who say they smoke comes from them as they are currently used in conalso say they plan to quit. temporary society—only degeneration of physical and

Q. What are your thoughts concerning the drugs, mental health. Many films on these topics are availsuch as LSD, currently in use? able from the American Cancer Society, medical

A. Far too many of our own Latterday Saints have departments, police departments, health agencies, and

experimented and continue to experiment with LSD other governmental agencies.

and other modern drugs. They take drugs in opposiAll Latterday Saints should read again that blessed

tion to known medical and scientific research, and revelation in the Doctrine and Covenants concerning in opposition to sound thinking and moral teachings. our latterday environment, Section 89:

Many reports of sad experiences with drugs, in which "Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord unto you: In

individuals involved now regret their actions, have consequence of evils and designs which do and will come to our attention. exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days,

For example, LSD has been identified as a drug I have warned you, and forewarn you, by giving that "substitutes instant delirium tremens for the unto you this word of wisdom by revelation—

slower escapism of the whiskey bottle."It may cause "And all saints who remember to keep and do these

August 1968 'We have not seen the end of such new drugs

nor their

devastating results."

sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, whatever the pressures, whatever our society may shall receive health in their navel and marrow to offer, Latterday Saints need not succumb.

their bones; Our bodies are the temples of our personal spirits,

"And shall find wisdom and great treasures of and they are also the temples of the Spirit of God.

knowledge, even hidden treasures; Truly, the influence of the Spirit finds difficulty in

"And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk penetrating a drugdulled and drugwarped mind.

and not faint. May God bless us to seek after the good things of the

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that earth, the good things of life. May all Latterday

the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the Saints seek inspiration in their callings and encourage children of Israel, and not slay them. Amen."(D&C people everywhere to experience the full joy of mental,

89:4, 1821.) spiritual, and physical health that our Father in

We have not seen the end of such new drugs nor heaven has promised to those who follow his teachtheir devastating results. There will be more. And ings. And may we all thank him for and determine

there will be continual pressure by the forces conto fully keep the Word of Wisdom. Never before

nected with the tobacco and alcohol industries. Yet, has the divinity of its message been more apparent.

WHAT IS IT? When I look at the rainbow

By Heidi Vogt And see the colors magnificently

What is it—Joined together,

That makes the sweetness of life, Mv heart speaks clearly:

That makes my heart rejoice And my breath stand still? It's God through whom you are

inspired.

Is it the laughter of a child, It's you, and in your eyes

Or the sunbeams kissing I hear the children laughing,

The fragrant roses in the morning. And with your smile you give me life

Or is it you, or is it God? Because you are my love.

Improvement Era

'/<? W U1C

1912 ummtfBy Karl E. Young

But it is doubtful that many Mormons who should

A remarkable yet often overlooked chapter in Church happen to hear those bleak words about expulsion history early Saint with Latterday deals the colonies from homes repeated again in a third context would is first in This in Mexico. a series of fascinating the

glimpses into the flight of the Mormons from Mexico know how to complete the story. Some of them might

are selected a forthin 1912. chapters They from

in Mexico, book, published Ordeal by be aware that the third exodus in less than 70 years coming to be

Deseret Book Company. Today, about 60,000 Latterwas from Mexico. They probably would remember

in live Saints three stakes day missions and five in having heard such phrases as "the colonies,"and "the Mexico of enjoy the opportunities freedoms and and this important American nation. Karl E. Young, the exodus,"and "Juarez Academy,"but it is extremely

author, scholar is a former at Oxford Rhodes Univerdoubtful that they would know that Juarez Academy English sity in England has taught and at Brigham

Young University since 1930. is not located in Juarez City, across the Rio Grande

from El Paso. It is most unlikely that they would be

able to find Colonia Juarez very quickly on a map,

BEGINNINGS located as it is in remote western Chihuahua, more "The Mormons were driven from their homes...."than 150 miles southwest of El Paso, It is even more

Thus begins the melancholy narrative, wellknown to doubtful that they would know that the Mormons most Latterday Saints. And most Saints could piece founded six colonies in Chihuahua and two in Sonora,

out the story, telling how their pioneer ancestors and that the year in which all of these colonies were crossed the plains, goading their tired oxen or buckabandoned was 1912, when the revolution that swept ing handcarts with their own weary limbs. They Mexico was swirling with special violence on the

would also be able to tell, readily and eagerly, why lonely plains of Chihuahua, their folks left Nauvoo, toiling across the prairie and But the ordeal through which the Mormon colonists the mountains in order to find a place where they in Mexico passed during that revolution of 1912 was could worship God in their own way and raise their of so painful a nature as to stir responses in every families free from the heckling and depredations of person, young or old, who looks with sympathy upon intolerant mobs. the human predicament. True, the colonists did not

No doubt most Mormons could also tell how, with have to endure such pain and anguish as did the minor variations, the tale repeated itself 40 years Donner party, stranded in the deep snows on the later, when devout believers in the divine law of east side of the towering Sierras and reduced to polygamy gave up their homes rather than suffer the degradation of cannibalism for mere wretched separation, and pioneered a new life in a new country, survival. But the Chihuahua colonists suffered

Mexico, where they could live their religion and through the grinding misery of history repeating itself prepare for eternal glory according to the pattern laid for a third time as Saints were once again forced down by the Prophet Joseph. These zealous souls to abandon their homes and their possessions and flee

were forced across the border by the pressure of the as did their ancestors from Nauvoo, this time back to

United States marshals who, with the passage of a country on which they had already turned their the EdmundsTucker Act of 1887, galvanized their backs as they sought relief from oppression a quarter efforts to stamp out the practice of polygamy. of a century earlier.

Parts of this material are reprinted by courtesy of The American West, in which it first appeared. Purpose of this story is to tell of the sufferings

August 1968 *k.HHIH.

Wm.'*

:.:;

G/ P3

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

Improvement Era

With threats and warnings, curredall of theirin the improvementssurvey of theirhadboundarybeen madeline andon thatthe

Caveda and 50 men theypropertymovedof thefromSantheDiegosmooth,ranch.flat landWiththeyheavyhadheartsbeen

blustered into town. occupying, with its deep soil, so easy to till and irrigate, up to the mouth of the canyon, where the land

sloped off over uneven, gravelly benches down to the river. This stream ran through the middle of the

purchase, presenting a formidable barrier to the md hardships that attended that flight from Mexico. establishment of a unified and wellplanned townsite.

The impact of those harrowing experiences cannot Once again the settlers laid out a town and fields be sensed adequately unless a reader is allowed and dug another canal around a rocky hillside to lead to see the details and to participate in the events water to their unpromising acres. Even the repeated

themselves. In order to achieve this effect, the writer shocks of an earthquake, which tumbled their newhas attempted to choose accounts that are most replaid chimneys, failed to daunt them. And when they

resentative of the experiences of the Mexican colonists realized that the heaving of the earth had opened up as a whole. And in order to capture the sense of seams along the riverbed and increased the flow of

immediacy, which alone can recreate the sensations water, these devout souls were sure that the Lord of participation, he has focused the narrative lens on would take care of them. The later discovery that

individuals and held the microphone close to the lips their rough and rocky bench lands were ideally suited of the most articulate. to the raising of apples such as were unmatched by

Nevertheless, before we isolate the individual, we any others grown in all of Mexico only convinced must see him in his group. We shall therefore take a them more profoundly that they were indeed the

rapid survey of the events in the background of all children of God.

Mormon colonists in Mexico. In order to understand Their town was named Colonia Juarez, after the

the pains of relinquishment, we have to know what great Mexican libertarian; and as other colonies were

it was that the colonists were obliged to abandon. established, they were given names honoring other

It should be recognized first of all that the move to Mexicans, such as Diaz, Dublan, and Garcia. Within

Mexico was not merely a private and personal affair. a few years six colonies were flourishing in the state

The Church authorities advised polygamists to go to of Chihuahua, three down on the plateau—Colonia

this new country and actively supported their emigraJuarez, Colonia Dublan, and Colonia Diaz, and three tion. High officials were sent from Church headin the Sierra Tarahumare Mountains—Pacheco, Garcia,

quarters in Salt Lake City to precede the colonists and Chuichupa. Two colonies also sprang up in the

into Mexico and look for areas where colonies might state of Sonora: Colonia Oaxaca and Colonia Morelos.

be established. These men were instructed to help Other smaller settlements were established here and

the emigrants to organize colonization companies in there, but these were hardly large enough to be recogorder to purchase tracts of land and lay out townnized as towns.f

sites. The whole endeavor had the blessing of the In order to understand more clearly the action in

Church. the detailed accounts that follow, the reader should be

After months of frustrating efforts to find land with informed of the location of the colonies with relation clear titles that could be purchased, the agents for the to each other and to the United States border. He

colonists finally bought 50,000 acres on the Piedras might, therefore, look upon the Chihuahua colonies

Verdes River and 60,000 acres in Diaz and Corrales. as lying like beads loosely strung on a thread that

Then the immigrants, who had been making shift in had been flung carelessly from the New Mexican tents and wagonboxes, moved onto the land. It had border town of Columbus down south to the Sierra

taken almost a full year to locate the sites for their Tarahumare Mountains. Colonia Diaz would be the

settlements. But now they eagerly set to work. At first bead on the strand, lying near the Mexican

Colonia Juarez, for example, they constructed dugouts pueblo of La Ascension, some fifty or sixty miles south along the river bank for temporary shelters, laid out of the border. The second bead would be Colonia

a townsite, set up poles with woven willows and Dublan, a good sixty miles further south and two or chinked mud for a meetinghouse and school building, three miles north of the railroad station Nuevo Casas and dug a canal for irrigation water for their land. Grandes. Dublan was and still is the only Mormon

Their pleasure in accomplishment suffered a severe town on the railroad. The thread would then twist

blow when they discovered that a mistake had ocsouthwesterly, through the old Mexican town of Casas

August 1968 11 Grarides about four miles away from the new town, They had created an economyand then on for 13 miles to Colonia Juarez, the central gem on the strand, which lay adorning the slender in this adobe land stream of the Piedras Verdes River. Thirtyfive miles that far exceeded anything

farther south and west, in the mountain valleys, one would find the other beads, first Colonia Pacheco, immediately north then eight miles farther on, Colonia Garcia, and finally, Chuichupa, 25 miles beyond. One settlement, of the border.

however, could not be considered a bead on the strand. This was Pearson, a lumber town, which houses, picket fences, broad lawns, and flower beds.

had been established by an English financier. It Their businesses and factories were thriving, their

straddled the railroad at the foot of the mountains sawmills ran full time, and their orchards produced the about eight or ten miles south of Colonia Juarez. best apples in the nation. Cattle and horses multiAll of these Chihuahua towns lay on the east plied on the long grass of their upper valleys. Under

side of the Continental Divide, though the mountain the approving eye of President Diaz, they were prossettlements were not distant from the western slopes pering in almost every way. They had created an

of the Sierra Tarahumares and the state of Sonora. economy in this adobe land that was not merely

The two Sonora colonies, Morelos and Oaxaca, would reminiscent of the one they had left behind in Utah represent loose beads. They were balanced preor Arizona, but that far exceeded in growth and value

cariously on the banks of the treacherous Bavispe anything immediately north of the border, with the

River, many arduous miles of travel over the Contiexception of El Paso. Such towns in the United States

nental Divide from the other Mexican colonies and as Douglas and Columbus were mere villages by also far away from the Arizona towns across the borcomparison.

der, Douglas and Bisbee. But times had not always been so good to the

The Mormon settlements stretched deep enough colonists. In 1910 they could sit back in their rocking

into Mexico to allay most suspicions among natives chairs at night before the red coals of oak wood in that here was another group of Yanqui settlers who, the fireplace and reminisce about the hard times of like the Texans, would one day be attempting to two decades ago. Life was easier now. It was good

split off another big chunk of Mexican territory in to have the tough part over. The colonists had adfavor of absorption into the United States. Yet the justed well to their new environment, and life was

towns were still close enough to the border to preserve full of promise. The mutterings of social unrest

commercial ties with houses in the United States beyond the horizon were not loud enough to disturb rather than doing all of their business with merchants peaceful nightly slumber. Little did they know what

in the distant cities of Mexico. This physical situaawaited them.

tion magnified the importance of the Mormon colonies far beyond what their humble populations would EXODUS normally have commanded, for the most productive towns, especially Colonia Juarez and Colonia Dublan, The revolution, which had its genesis with Franbecame the supply centers—willing or unwilling—cisco Madero, was slow in getting underway. But

for various troops of revolutionary and counterby the end of 1910 Mormon colonists in the Chihuarevolutionary soldiers, as well as for numerous hua settlements were beginning to feel the effects knots of bandits. of what they had at first regarded as merely an

The growth of the Mormon colonies during the "insurrection."Bridges had been burned on the rail25 years preceding the Mexican revolution of 191020 way that linked them with El Paso, temporarily isowas, by Mexican standards, phenomenal. Not only lating them, and J. J. Walser recorded in his journal

did the Saints manufacture many items in general that the colony of Dublan had to be guarded every demand by their own people, such as shoes, harnesses, night to prevent revolutionist stragglers from comsaddles, and various kinds of furniture, but they also mitting depredations. The comment carries the

ground much more than enough flour for themselves implication of a tendency that gradually developed and cut vast quantities of good lumber for export to into harsh and bitter realities as winter advanced.

El Paso as well as for use in the mining and building Nelle S. Hatch records how the situation worsened

industries of Chihuahua and Sonora. They had as the revolution began to envelop her home town of

erected fine homes, putting on the Chihuahua plateau Colonia Juarez:

the oldfashioned Mormon stamp of tall, red brick "First there was a restlessness among the natives

12 Improvement Era BOOKS FOR YOUNG AND OLD at Deseret Book

FOR ADULTS:

:\\* by Alvm R. Dyer $5.95

This second, and vastly expanded edition of The Refiners Fire cements together a wealth of Mi information on what is to become the most significant geographical area in Church history.

President Dyer, assigned by President David 0. McKay to be a "watchman on the tower"with

regard to the consecrated land of Missouri, provides Latterday Saints with a full understanding

of the significance of that call.

For Adults Only: A Lifetime of Learning by Dr. R.Wayne Shute $3.50

The author, formerly in charge of Brigham Young University "Adult Education Week"programs in stakes all over the nation, has now penned this excellent compendium on education. The

book includes hints on how to improve learning skills such as reading, listening, and memorizing.

u A More Excellent Wav'by Neal A. Maxwell $2.95

Has penned this vital book linking leadership and love. Many volumes on leadership have been

written, but here is one that gets to the heart of what leadership should mean, to the

Latterday Saint.

The Primary Children's Hospital $1.50

A compilation of heartwarming case histories along with the history, philosophy, and services of the Primary Children's Hospital. Illustrated throughout.

Deseret Book of the Month Bonus Value FOR TEENS: FOR CHILDREN:

for August by Dr. W. Dean Belnap and Dr. Glen C. Griffin by Chris Jensen

Doctrinal Commentary

on the Pearl of Great Price by Hyrum L. Andrus About Life

and Love: Sweet Sioux

Reg. $4.95 Facts of Coloring

Now, for August, only Life for Book $3.50 LDS Teens $1.00

A Saving of $1.45 $2.95

5. Here is a significant volume 6. 7.

of commentary which deals with the teachings of the Children will adore coloring each adventurPearl of Great Price and supporting scripture. It also presents Written by two wellknown LDS pediatricians, ous page in the annals of a charming little

the historical events associated with the Pearl of Great Price. About Life and Love handles the most Indian girl called "Sioux."Salt Lake Tribune

artist, Chris Jensen, in has boygirl "Sheepherder of aspects relationships Sam"will a the delicate bookof choose Deseret Every Book Company month coloring of is with in provided pleasure tots hours a that straightforward and yet manner for these for that month. Watch to VALUE be a month BONUS

in this little volume. high with keeping standards. LDS

paid! will postage shipped mail orders specials be each monthDESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Please send items circled 3 4 5 6 7 12

Total cost of purchase $ This must include VA% sales tax for Utah residents HeaeretCOMPANY Book ordering from Salt Lake, OR 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange.

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Paid by check money order charge established account

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Name

777 CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE, SO. MAIN

Address

City State. Zip

AUGUST ERA 68

August 1968 13 which found vent in a sudden disrespect for law. This Raul Madero, the

attitude was at first felt rather than seen. Submission

to law enforcement became tinged with resentment future president's brother, against those who enforced it, a challenge of authority. helped rescue

This grew into overt acts of insolence, open derision and finally into petty thievery. Bands of revolutionists four Latterday Saints

coming into town to request help from businesses from an angry mob.

able to supply revolutionary needs increased this tendency to licensed robbery. Polite requests for

horses, saddles, etc., from the Tanning and Manucontrolled much of Chihuahua. Pancho Villa, howfacturing Company, sacks of flour and grain from ever, had remained faithful to Madero. And now the

Skousen's Mill, and merchandise from the Colonial Mormon colonists saw Villista and Red Flagger bands

Mercantile, turned into firm demands. Owners of chase each other into the hills as skirmishes brushed

these properties were forced to comply and to accept their towns. Both factions depended upon the indusin payment only promises or written agreements that trious colonists to replenish their spent supplies, and

both parties knew could not or would not be kept."both demanded guns, horses, saddles, and money in a

In 1911 Madero made a bold attempt to get the neverending series of raids and intimidating visits.

revolution moving by attacking Casas Grandes, which Worried and frightened, the colonists kept appealwas near Colonia Juarez and nextdoor to Colonia ing to Salazar, who had gone over to the cause of the

Dublan. His forces won the battle but were then Liberales, as Orozco called his Red Flaggers, to proimmediately overthrown by federal reinforcements, tect them from rebel depredations. But Salazar

who arrived at the crucial moment to rout the rebel either did not want to protect them or was not able army. Notwithstanding the defeat, the rebel cause to. Consequently, the colonists, forced to take some

flared into life in many parts of the country. Madero's kind of measures to save themselves, smuggled in two

courage had strongly appealed to the imagination, or three dozen highpowered rifles and ammunition and supporters now began to recognize his qualities with which to defend themselves if it came to the as a leader and to respond to them. Not long thereafter worst. Yet their first attempt to bring in weapons

Casas Grandes fell into rebel hands again. illegally not only miscarried but was also publicized.

Meanwhile, at the two nearby Mormon colonies, The second, therefore, could hardly be achieved withrebel factions preyed upon the settlements with little out detection. In any case, Salazar was soon demanding

regard for the feeble efforts at control exerted by a count of guns, and shortly afterward, when the threat

Inez Salazar, who had taken over command at Casas of federal attack was imminent, he ordered the deGrandes. A Mormon attempt to capture and bring livery of all of the guns the colonists owned.

a thief to punishment in Colonia Juarez resulted in Junius Romney, the highest Church official among the killing of Juan Sosa. And the incident almost the Saints in Mexico, refused to order his people

ignited a local war against the hated gringo. The to give up their guns, whereupon Salazar declared

seriousness of the situation can be deduced from the Romney to be his prisoner until he submitted to the but whenfact that a trial in the courtroom was disrupted and demand. Hot words were exchanged,

four Mormon principals were taken to Nuevo Casas Salazar threatened to send Lino Ponce with a big

Grandes, where they were rescued at the last moment squad of men to search Mormon homes and seize all from an angry mob by Pascual Orozco and Raul guns, Romney, fearing for the safety of his people,

Madero. Raul was the future president's brother, and temporized. He would request his men to deliver

Orozco was for a time the top figure among revolutheir guns to a central location if Salazar would tionary fighting men. No lesser persons could have guarantee safe passage for the women and children

saved the colonists. from the colonies on the trains out to El Paso. Six

However, as soon as these prominent leaders moved cannons in place on flat cars at Colonia Dublan with on, local rebel bosses renewed their attempts to punbarrels pointing toward the town and the threat that ish the four Mormons. But first they had to find them, the Saints would be treated as if they were a

for the Mormons hid out until another, graver crisis federal army, subject to attack in the same way, obscured their own particular troubles. As Madero convinced the Mormon leader that he would have

went on to Mexico City, Orozco was left behind, and to yield.

he soon defected to lead a rebellion of his own. His Salazar was without doubt badly in need of guns

rebellion came into the open in February 1912, and and ammunition. Ever since March 14, 1912, an

for several weeks his colorados, or "Red Flaggers,"embargo on the export of arms from the United

14 Improvement Era MEANINGFUL LIVING

Men the world over seek the formula for successful living. In this

brand new volume by Elder Dunn, the divine principles of success by which the Savior patterned his life are organized under twelve basic topics. It is written for this generation—today's man of the streettoday's housewife—today's student—in fact, for every person truly desirous

of building a successful life. In his intensly interesting style, the author demonstrates not

merely the spiritual, but also the downto-earth practical value of the Master's teachings. CO nn

2. FROM THE 3. SLIM, TRIM, 4. ON GETTING

DUST LIFE THINGS OF msmtt FUN FOR DONE by Sara Lee Gibb.r\. JftV by Ray L. White DECADES getting Keith Terry by

'howto'A Church book for Sensible systematic and ways Whipple & Walter leaders, housebusinessmen, in diet, exercise, to and keep

Done v of Pearl the of Timely study wives, students—anyone condition. physical Has good

-Dust of ueDe5 completeness;Great Price. Scholarlycontainsin picits overproper75 exercisephotographstechniques.showing whoorganizationalwants to develophabits, bettermake

tures of the papyri recently the best use of time.

acquired by the Church. $2.50

Pfpps $2.25 $3.25

1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 BOOKCRAFT BOOKCRAFT

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount

of (Residents of Utah add 3fe% sales tax.)

NAME.

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP.m

August 1968 15 States to Mexico had been in force. In late May, out by President Romney within ten days after the

Huerta had smashed Orozco's troops at the second women and children had gone. As rebel looting and

battle of Telleno, and now, with General Jose de la thievery continued at Dublan, the chances seemed

Luz Blanco threatening to come in on Casas Grandes to multiply that some colonists would reach a point from Sonora on the west and General Sanjines bearbeyond which they would stand for no more abuse and ing down from the south, Salazar feared that he would would retaliate with arms. Then on August 1 the rebel

be caught in a pincers movement from which there Captain Caveda blustered into town at the head of would be no escape. In desperation he had to have 50 men, and with threats he warned the men in

whatever arms were present in the nearby country, Colonia Juarez that he would not stand for the killing and he would take them by force, if necessary. of any more of his men. This was, no doubt, a referPresident to of decision to the execution a soldier Romney's the ence out send had been shot women who

colonists as children that time for robbingand the they one suddenly came so no and J had moved women for adequate preparation. Some families from Dublan children out a few days before. It mattered little

left town on the same day, July 25, 1912, fleeing that other rebel officers had ordered the execution.

precipitously from threatened danger. Yet there were Mormon leaders were blamed as the "finger men."

many, especially in Colonia Juarez and the mountain It looked as if Caveda was spoiling for a fight, a colonies, who felt that an exodus was wrong and that situation that President Romney was most loathe to they could continue to live in peace in their homes if see develop. Fearing that blood would be shed, he

they would pursue a course of undeviating neutrality. called a meeting in which it was decided to leave

Among these was Bishop Bentley, but his behavior Colonia Juarez for a while rather than face the possiwas characteristic of devout Mormons everywhere. In bility of violence.

response to President Romney's call, he said, "If our Runners were sent to alert the Mormons on both stake president's advice is to move women and children sides of the river and tell them where to meet. But

to a place of safety, mine will go right along with the when the appointed time came, through some misothers, and I'll instruct my ward members to do the understanding they failed to get together as they same. No matter what private opinions I may mainhad expected. Some of the men did not even get

tain, I know that safety lies in obeying the priesthood, out of the town, while President Romney and others and I am always subject to its direction."went as far into the mountains as MacDonald Springs.

With similar regard for authority, almost all MorFrom this point he sent word calling for all colonists mon families hastened to make ready for the move at to meet at the "stairs,"a wellknown point in the once. Very little could be taken with them. Consemountains. Riders were dispatched to Garcia,

quently, clothes were left hanging in the wardrobes, Pacheco, and Chuichupa, as well as to Colonia Dusheets and bedding remained in the drawers, dishes blan, with the summons.

on the shelves, pictures on the walls, and food in the President Romney waited for the men from the cellars and pantry bins. Many of the colonists exmountain colonies to arrive, but at last, growing impected to come back within a few days. As soon as patient, he called the camp to assemble for a meeting

the federal troops arrived, the revolution would be and told them that stake and ward authorities had quelled, and they could settle down to normal living been discussing the question of abandoning the once again. colonies and going out to the border to join their

It did not turn out that way. At the very outset families or remaining to brave it out in Mexico. He

one family was robbed by bandits as they drove in then asked all who wished to express their opinions wagons over to the railroad station ten miles av/ay. on the matter to speak up. A few responded briefly,

Then all of the women and children, as well as the but soon a vote was taken in which an almost unanivery elderly, were crowded into cars for the ride mous choice was expressed for exodus to the United through the July heat across the desert to El Paso. States.

They were disembarked beneath the sheds of an One of the men present at the meeting, J. H.

abandoned lumberyard on the banks of the Rio Grande Martineau, who later wrote a voluminous history of without funds, without privacy, without husbands and the colonies in Mexico that has not yet been pubfathers or any plans for the future. Some of them did lished, observed that the result of the vote surprised

go back to Mexico after a few weeks, but they fled almost everybody: "The general attitude of the

again as trouble flared up once more. Many of them colonists except some from Dublan, where the

never saw their Mexican homes again. depredations had been severe, was in favor of remainThe husbands and fathers, who had stayed at home ing in the hills a few days or even weeks until the

to look after their property, were themselves called arrival of Generals Blanco and Sanjines, but somehow

16 Improvement Era H

,.'-":,

Illustrated by Olinda Hoehne we had voted contrary to our intentions."and about 35 other men, women, and children were

Now the die was cast, and President Romney sent again in Colonia Juarez, harvesting crops, canning word to the stillabsent members that the main body fruit, and trying to make up for the time they had would move on toward the border unless the men lost.

from the mountain colonies came in at once. This

decision was shocking to Bishop Bentley and Alonzo

Taylor, who had seen the rebel forces pull out of

Colonia Juarez even before they left town. With All this will serve as an overview of the troubles

the urgent need for flight gone, these two could not through which the colonists struggled during the understand abandonment of their homes for the unsummer of 1912. In what follows, however, the

certainty of existence across the border, where none camera lens zooms in on a few key figures, whose of the basic securities of life were visible. No houses, participation in the events of that summer should

no food, no jobs—nothing beyond the bare necessities give a sharper picture of the nature of the ordeal

that charitable townspeople in El Paso and a conthrough which the colonists passed. One of the most

cerned federal government would give them as objects robust and articulate characters among the Mormons of charity. in Chihuahua was Dave Brown, an almost legendary

Yet go out they did. Bishop Bentley was true to figure who has survived and lives on in our own

his upbringing. When his superior officer in the effete age. His voice still booms as he recounts the

priesthood uttered a call, he responded loyally. The painful nature of the exodus of the women and

whole band of approximately 250 men moved like a children from their homes in the land where they military unit to the border, keeping scouts before had found refuge from the United States marshals.

them and a rear guard behind, and organizing themThe flight of the women and children was without selves into small groups with leaders and men in doubt the most traumatic experience suffered by the clearly recognized chains of command. But once Mormons as a group during the revolution in Mexico.

they had reached the border and met with Elder The exodus of the men, approximately one week

Anthony W. Ivins, one of the Council of the Twelve later, was by comparison an anticlimax, although in

from Salt Lake City, the matter was talked out, and many respects it was the more significant move, since those who had felt that they might have done better it marked for many families the termination of their to remain in Mexico were given leave without prejuexistence in Mexico. But how the women and children

dice to return to the colonies and take up life again got along is the business of the next installment. O

on their own. By September 1, Joseph C. Bentley (To be continued)

August 1968 17

Beginning- a new series on theThreeWitnesses

9 #g Oliver Cowderys NonMormon ReputationBy Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

Oliver Cowdery played an extraordinary role in the beginning of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. His title of "second elder"was appropriate,

as an examination of incidents in which he was prominent indicates: the translation of the Book of Mormon, restoration of the Aaronic and Melchizedek

priesthoods, printing of the Book of Mormon, the conversion of Sidney Rigdon, and the vision of the

Christ and the Old Testament prophets in the Kirtland

Temple. Since he was announced as the sole companion of Joseph Smith in the foundation experiences,

no one else stood in the unique position of being able to expose Joseph Smith at all critical points, if he could be exposed. Because whatever Oliver Cowdery

reported about the earliest events of Mormonism is of the greatest significance, it is most important to study the kind of man he was and assess his reliability.

Oliver Cowdery was respected by associates wherever he lived. The pinnacle of his Latterday

Saint career was in Kirtland in 1836, when he was a trusted "assistant president"to Joseph Smith and was involved on many practical fronts of the expanding

LDS movement. 1 In that year he reassumed the editorship of the Church newspaper, arid his brotherin-law

eharacterized him publicly as "a man of piety, of candor, of truth, of integrity, of feeling for the welfare of the human family, and in short, he is a man of

God."la Except for the religious connotations of such

an evaluation, there is no reason to think that the nonMormon community of the Kirtland region felt differently.

After the Mormons left northern Ohio, it was fashionable to portray them as less than respectable, but Cowdery is conspicuous by his absence in such

Illustration by Dale Kilbourn negativism. The most specific recollection of a nonimprovement Era

Mormon is by Samuel Murdock. Toward the end show clearly that he was widely respected as a man

of a distinguished career as attorney in Clayton of more than ordinary stature.

County, Iowa, he recalled his youth in the Lake By the time of his excommunication on April 12,

County, Ohio, area at the time of the Mormon settle1838, Oliver Cowdery had formulated definite plans ment there. His family arrived in Ohio in 1827, and for the practice of law. The only question was where.

Murdock evidently participated in the educational He exchanged much correspondence with his brothers program that was sponsored by the Latterday Saints in Kirtland in hopes of settling in the same vicinity, during the years 1835 through 1837. Journals of many and one letter states his ideal of professional comearly Mormons mention Sidney Rigdon and on occapetence:

sion Joseph Smith as teachers. Although no journal "I take no satisfaction in thinking of practicing law

yet found mentions Oliver Cowdery as a regular inwith a half dozen books. Let us get where people

structor, he was a trustee of the school as a member live, with a splendid library, attend strictly to our of the First Presidency of the Church, and it is known books and practice, and I have no fear if life and that the trustees considered instruction under their health are spared, but we can do as well as, at least,

1"immediate care and inspection."- As a young man the middle class."

Samuel Murdock had the following contact with After experimenting with living in Missouri, he

Oliver Cowdery: decided to move back to Kirtland, where his brothers

"Kirtland is situated in the county in which I was Warren and Lyman were beginning their careers in raised from youth to manhood, and at the time Smith the field of law. This move to Kirtland took place

and his Mormons settled there I was nearly a man at the end of 1838, and by January 1840 it is clear grown, and some of them were my immediate neighthat Oliver Cowdery was practicing law. 5 The year

bors, with whose children I was often schoolmates, 1839 was undoubtedly devoted to study for his adand I often met their prophet, Joseph Smith, although mission to the bar,"but there were other activities.

I was not personally acquainted with him. I was, His biography in the family history was compiled

however, intimately acquainted with Mr. Cowdery, with access to information from his widow, Elizabeth

one of his scribes, and to whom I was indebted for Whitmer Cowdery, who lived until 1892, and it says his special kindness to me, as well as for the many that he "supported himself by teaching school while lessons of instruction I received from him as my pursuing his study of the law."7 If this phrasing is

preceptor in the school room, and a Mormon as he strictly correct, then Cowdery taught during his nonwas, shall ever cherish his memory. A more amiable, Mormon stay in Kirtland. Perhaps this is why he

generous, kindhearted man, I have not met since."'appears as secretaiy of one of the organizational

Although Cowdery was prominent in Ohio, the meetings of the Western Reserve Teacher's Seminary history of Mormonism in Missouri is written with and Kirtland Institute, which utilized the Kirtland his name largely in footnotes. Personally hurt in his Temple in the period that he was there. s

relationship with Joseph Smith, he allied himself with Be that as it may, Cowdery was active in the his Whitmer relatives in differences concerning Democratic Party during his Kirtland stay. In 1839 he

Church administration in Caldwell County, Missouri. was chosen as one of the 13 delegates from Geauga

lie left Far West prior to mob violence and by the county to the bicounty senatorial convention. 9 The

end of that year found his way back to Kirtland. upset victory there for Benjamin Bissell is most interIn the decade between his excommunication from esting, 1 "since, as Joseph Smith's attorney at Kirtthe Church in 1838 and his return in 1848, his land, Bissell was wellacquainted with Mormon

name is absent from Mormon annals.

But no one can make an intelligent appraisal of

Cowdery as a person without knowing a good deal For over a decade, about his nonMormon career. By failing to conform Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson,

professor of history and to Church discipline, he forfeited his title of "second religion at Brigham Young elder"and exchanged it for "Oliver Cowdery, University, has researched

Esquire,"the traditional designation of an attorneynew information dealing atlaw. Without companionship of his church assowith the witnesses of

ciates, he nevertheless belonged to the fraternity of theinterestingBook ofand Mormon.stimulatingHis

fellow attorneys, who admired him as a legal craftsfindings will be presented man. During his nonMormon decade, he was also a to Era readers

politician, journalist, promoter of education, and civic in the months ahead.

servant. The opinions of his friends of this period

August 196S 19 This newAmoco 120 SS Radial all we sayOval tire had better be it is, or we might as well say goodbye to your gasoline business.

mprovement Era And we're not about to do that. We say our new Amoco 120 SS Radial Oval

tire could save your life. An exaggeration? Consider that it puts six plies

between you and the road. Consider the results of 2 million miles of road

testing. It gives you twice the mileage of most new car tires. Three times the

body strength.

Consider its open groove tread that grips as a tire has never gripped the road before.

It's even a reversible tire. Gives you a red stripe on one side, dual white on

the other.

Now you can understand why we're willing to stake your gasoline business on this tire. The world's first radial oval. And we're even making it easy to buy.

Use your American Oil Credit Card and our new revolving charge plan.

"You expect more from American, and you get it."*

And tires are no exception.

When you buy a tire from us,we both live with it

American Oil Company, 1968 World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Trademark Trademark—"Atlas"—Reg. U.S. Patent Off.,

Atlas Supply Co.

August 1968 21 leaders. He is.spoken of as Cowdery's patron in unlimited admiration for the "noble and true manintroducing him to law, and consequently he was hood"of Oliver Cowdery. He there describes Cowthe likely source of Cowdery's recommendation to dery personally and professionally:

the Democratic leaders in Tiffin, Ohio, where Cow- "Mr. Cowdery was an able lawyer and a great

dery next moved. advocate. His manners were easy and gentlemanly;

The spirited presidential campaign of 1840 necessihe was polite, dignified, yet courteous. He had an

tated a Democratic paper in Seneca County, Ohio, open countenance, high forehead, dark brown eye, and both a press and an editor were imported. CowRoman nose, clenched lips and prominent lower jaw.

dery was chosen for that job, obviously on the basis He shaved smooth and was neat and cleanly in his of recommendations of prominent Democrats of his person. He was of light stature, about five feet, five

ClevelandKirtland region, some 125 miles northeast. inches high, and had a loose, easy walk. With all his

A prominent Tiffin politician later said of the foundkind and friendly disposition, there was a certain ing of that campaign paper: "Oliver Cowdery was degree of sadness that seemed to pervade his whole

to have been editor, but was dropped on the discovery being. His association with others was marked by

that he was one of the seven founders of Mormonthe great amount of information his conversation ism."11 If the arithmetic of the six organizers or the conveyed and the beauty of his musical voice. His

11 witnesses is garbled, the recollection is clear that addresses to the court and jury were characterized by a Book of Mormon witness was no political asset and a high order of oratory, with brilliant and forensic in force. never spoke ill a local party not modestcould be tolerated and reserved, post. The was He

1 '1 infact nevertheless one, that complained."never remained Oliver of any Cowdery

Tiffin for seven, years and earned the respect of a The other Tiffin attorney who left written recollecbiased community says a good deal for his personal tions of Cowdery was William Harvey Gibson. It is

capacities and character. Before leaving he was apan adequate introduction to him to note that a statue

pointed temporary editor of the Democratic weekly in his honor stands in front of the courthouse. He

and was publicly thanked in its columns for his won considerable fame as a civil war general, but "ability"as shown in "the management of our paper."1 - the statue commemorates his more famous achieveWhile the above incident illustrates Cowdery's ment as an orator and nationally known campaign

lifelong talent as a writer, it was through his prospeaker in the late nineteenth century. Although

fession as a lawyer and his public activities that he Gibson was involved in a state scandal and resigned was chiefly known while in Tiffin from 1840 to 1847. his elective office of treasurer of Ohio in 1857, no

The courthouse today holds files of legal pleadings doubt remains that he won back a creditable reputasigned "O. Cowdery"; the two local newspapers of tion as Tiffin's most famous citizen. An active lawyer

the period contain both his lawyer's advertisements from 1845 to 1872 and a seasoned businessman afterand the notices of his cases requiring publication. ward, he evaluated Cowdery from the vantage point

More significantly, two colleagues of that period are of a fellow attorney and political opponent. In a

on record with their estimate of the man and his letter designed for publication in 1892, Gibson said, legal talent. "Cowdery was an able lawyer and [an] agreeable,

William Lang had the greater personal contact with irreproachable gentleman."1 '

Cowdery, because he apprenticed in his office for the Of Cowdery's considerable public service in his period of one and a half years. Lang was a selfTiffin career, most consistent and significant is his

reliant man of 25 at the beginning of his period of service as a member of the Board of School Examiners reading law in the Cowdery office, and the senior of Seneca County. Both William Lang and William

attorney created a powerful impression upon his stu- H. Gibson's wife remembered his questioning them

dent. This relationship with Cowdery terminated in for certification to teach. Another individual of some

1842 upon Lang's own entrance to the bar, but he ability attended one of these public examinations associated with Cowdery for another five years, both that Cowdery and two other trustees administered as a member of the Seneca County Bar and in the and reported, "I must acknowledge myself not a little inner circles of the county Democratic organization. instructed, though but a spectator."15 The court files

Lang's lifetime legal career was supplemented with also reveal that Cowdery was prominent in testing public service as prosecuting attorney, probate judge, candidates for admission to the bar, so it is clear mayor of Tiffin, county treasurer, and two terms in that he displayed lifelong interest and ability as an the Ohio senate. He was nominated by his party for educator.

major state offices twice. In later life he wrote a Several remarkable estimates of Cowdery as a

History of Seneca County, in which he expressed person stem from his political activities in two states

22 Improvement Era QPN jj:| SUPER

tMM$9| OCTAVE CUtNT OCTAVE I,. KiXTUI

8'I 4'122/3'| 2'

fLAUTQ DOLCE

How much should you pay for an organ with these stops?

Pictured are the stops of a Great Diapason 8'Trumpet and 4'Schalmei. And the addiChorus, Pedal work to adequately support it, tional stops on the Swell are 8'Diapason,

Flute work on the Swell, and Strings on the Mixture IV, 16'Fagott, 8'Trompette, 8'Oboe

Swell. and 4'Clarion.

These stops alone can give you a rich variEach of these stops is tonally independent.

ety of tonal effects. Each is programmed through various chanBut they are just part of the tonal makeup nels of the threechannel amplification sysof the Baldwin Model 6. All told, the organ luuimimimiffi tem to deliver good acoustical results.

has 35 stops. In addition to those shown All right, "How much should you pay?"

above on the Great there are Gedeckts at 8'We think our price for the Baldwin Model 6 and 4'pitches, a Dulciana, Unda Maris, and in the area of $6500 is remarkably reasona- a Trumpet and Clarinet at 8'. To supplement ble. If you think so too, and would like more

the Pedals shown above, there is a 16'Sub information, just write Baldwin, Dept. IE 8-68,Bass, 8'Bourdon, V Block Flute, 16'Posaune, Baldwin Cincinnati, Ohio 45202.

August 1968 23 while out of the Church. In Tiffin, Ohio, he was still available, the political infighting must be reregularly before the public as an active party worker, constructed from borrowed articles. The Whig paper

public speaker, and occasional candidate for civil of Cowdery's district first noted that Democrats had office. In 1842, 1844, and 1845, he was elected by the nominated "one of the three witnesses to the discovery

party township meeting as delegate to the Democratic of the Golden Plates, or Mormon Bible, by Joe county convention. In all these years he was named Smith."-- It next ran liberal extracts from the Book

on the resolutions committee at the county convention of Mormon, undoubtedly including the testimony of because of his characteristic role as an articulate party the three witnesses, which were the basis of personal spokesman. He was regularly sent to political rallies sarcasm against Cowdery not only in the Elkhorn

as a persuasive stump speaker. In 1845 he was elected Western Star, but elsewhere.'-:; Since the campaign

as one of three township trustees, defeating his was short, the timing of the vicious personal attack nearest opponent by a 26 percent vote margin. 1 '; on Cowdery resulted in much of his defense reaching

In his last year of political activity in Tiffin, 1846, print after the election. He was defeated, but by only

Cowdery was promoted for the office of state senator 40 votes out of about 500 total votes cast, which at a tricounty convention by a dozen delegates who under the circumstances was both a moral victory were loyal to him through two ballots. 17 At an early and a vindication of the man.

point of his stay in Tiffin, Cowdery had written Considering the unpopularity of Mormonism,

Brigham Young that he labored to produce "a fair Cowdery's Democratic associates might have chosen reputation and a fair business,"1 "and his solid political to respond to attacks on him with silence or even a career in Seneca County shows the continued truth disavowal of their candidate. Yet Horace A. Tenney,

of that statement. then editor of the important Wisconsin Argus in

The year that the Latterday Saints migrated west, Madison and later a man of respectable public service

Cowdery moved also, mainly for reasons of health to his state, deplored the defeat of "a man of sterling (perhaps tuberculosis). He located at Elkhorn, Wisintegrity, sound and vigorous intellect, and every way

consin, where he was attracted by the personal worthy, honest and capable."21 Tenney had conversed

association and established law practice of his brother with Cowdery personally, as well as corresponded

Lyman. It is characteristic that his first known letter with him, so his opinion is a matter of more than

from Wisconsin is from the state capital, where he casual impression.

initiated contact with a chief justice and a key The most significant defense of Oliver Cowdery,

Democratic editor. 111 however, came from John Breslin, his close associate

His career had three phases in the year spent in in Tiffin, Ohio. Breslin had assumed the editorial

Wisconsin prior to his returning to the Church. First post initially offered to Cowdery and had constantly

of all, he continued his profession as a lawyer. The promoted and defended him in the Seneca Advertiser.

minutes of the Walworth County commission reveal A brilliant young man in Ohio politics, Breslin was that he was granted an office in the courthouse elected in 1848 to the Ohio House of Representatives,

October 3, 1847;, the two known surviving issues of where he was chosen speaker. He subsequently was

Elkhorn papers for that period contain his law adverreelected as representative and later elected state tisement: "O. Cowdery, Attorney & Counsellor at treasurer. While in that office he made private

Law"; and court records include a number of his investments of state funds (an action somewhat

cases. Second, for a few months prior to rejoining condoned by contemporary practice), but he was

the Church he was coeditor of the Walworth County ruined politically in 1857 when the money invested

Democrat.'1 "A neighboring party newspaper acknowwas uncollectable.- n But the personal mistake of

ledged his appointment by observing, "Mr. Cowdery Breslin is quite irrelevant to his judgment on Cowis highly spoken of as an editor."-'dery prior to this scandal, especially since Breslin's

The third activity, politics, provides the most imopen approval of Cowdery points to considerable pressive evidence of what associates thought of Oliver public opinion in agreement with him. Immediately

Cowdery while away from the Church. With less upon hearing that Cowdery's Mormonism was the

than a year of residence in Elkhorn, he was nomibasis of personal attacks upon him in Wisconsin, nated as state assemblyman in the first voting under Breslin published an article deploring the "baseness the state constitution of Wisconsin. This election in of such a course"of attack; and in another article,

the spring of 1848 was characterized by the preentitled "Oliver Cowdery, Esq.,"he insisted on the

dictable campaign smears for which Cowdery's capability and integrity of his friend:

Mormon background left him vulnerable. "Mr. C. was a resident among us for a period of

With no copies of local newspapers of that period seven years, during which time he earned himself an

24 Improvement Era Today's gasolines

all: need them

Higher Octane Ingredients AntiRust Additives

AntiKnock Compounds Platformate

ClimateTailoring Formulas DetergentAction Chemicals

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

to Gome Ghevron Island!

(under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

August 1968 25 enviable distinction at the Bar of this place and of the friends who knew him best while he was out of this Judicial circuit, as a sound and able lawyer, and the Church:

as a citizen none could have been more esteemed. "His numerous acquaintances at this place will

His honesty, integrity, and industry were worthy the receive the tidings of his decease with much regret.

imitation of all, whilst his unquestioned legal abilities He was a man of more than ordinary ability, and reflected credit as well upon himself as upon the during his residence among us had endeared himself profession of which he was a member."- to all who knew him in the private and social walks

Although Cowdery had initially planned to come of life."28

back to the Church at the April conference of 1848, Such a man publicly insisted that he and the his Wisconsin nomination obviously altered this deciProphet Joseph Smith on several occasions stood in sion and postponed the return to late October, when the presence of divine messengers who brought he arrived at Kanesville, Iowa, the "eastern"headrevelation and authority to establish The Church of quarters of the Church. Migration to Utah that Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. O

fall was out of the question, so economic reality

FOOTNOTES dictated his wintering with Elizabeth Whitmer Cow1Although the title "assistant president"is loosely equated with it position that Oliver sources, early Cowdery's in in Rich- "counselor"southeast, miles 250 dery 's relatives some

First the in the counselors that meant Elder"as "Second in Fielding Smith, Doctrines authority. of Presidency."heis( Joseph"precededclear his chronic lung condition Since Missouri. mond,

[Salt Bookcraft, Salvation, City: R.. Bruce 1954], Lake comp. McConkie.

scriptural 1, p. main 212.) The left him too weak to cross the plains and had reduced Vol.his early in authority designation as second sources(D&Cfor 20:3)this conclusionand the 1841are

his finances, he was forced to continue his stay in appointment of Hyrum Smith to the "gifts of the priesthood, that once were put upon him that was my servant Oliver Cowdery"(D&C 124:95),

so revelation far a position of the counhas distinguished from that in the latter Research 1849. for the year Richmond

selors there. p. 236. practiced i inMessengerthe Vol. 2 law First andPresidency.Advocate, (March 1836), that he failed evidence to find

"Messenger and Advocate, Vol. 1 (February 1835), p. 80. ComAs a matter of fact, for a considerable portion of that pare Joseph Smith, History of the Cliurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday

year he was bedridden, and in early spring of 1850, Saintsdescribes(2nda publiced.; SaltexaminationLake City,in January1948), 1837,Vol. 2,of pp.the "Kirtland47475, whichHigh

School,"at which "the trustees of the school"were present.

his weakened physical condition brought his death "Dubuque Times, April 16, 1893. Only Oliver Cowdery fits the

(March 3, 1850). descriptionA convenientof reprintingone intimateof thiswitharticleJosephis foundSmith inandR. oneEtzenhouser,of his scribes.From

Palmyra, New York, 1830, to Independence, Missouri, 1894 (IndepenMissouri, 1894), The three Mormon periodicals noting Oliver Cowdence,"Letter of Oliver Cowderypp. 33841.to his brothers Warren and Lyman, Far

dery's death did so either in brief comment or by West, Missouri, June 2, 1838. Still in private hands, the letter was

way of reference to his early prominence in the reproduced(Bookcraft: photographically by Stanley R. Gunn, Oliver Cowdery sThe firstSaltknownLake caseCity,is 1962),advertisedpp. under26366.the name "L. & O. CowPainesville in the publication date 20, 1840, of January with the Church. Until his brief reunion with former friends dery"

of issue in the notice of the is preserved case Republican. The on his return to the Church, the Latterday Saints 28, 1840. January

"William Lang, who knew Cowdery personally, says that he came

Bissell, the enteied law office "and Ohio of Judge as a young man were basically unaware of his nonMormon achieveto in Painesville, as a student, distinguished county, lawyer a very Lake ments. But he had created a marked impression upon and was admitted to practice after having read the requisite length of

[Spring- (History passed examination."Seneca County of an and

really details of Ohio, the 364.) p. Lang Whether 1880], knew leading men wherever he lived. Though hardly a time

is is question. pieTiffin period to no There Cowdery'sfield, evidence open

resident of Richmond, where he died, the circuit court that Cowdeiy resided in Painesville, although he was undoubtedly and bar awarded him the normal honor of a pracassisted7Maryby Bissell.Bryant Alverson Mehling, CowdreyCowdery-Cowdray Geneticing attorney in good standing. Adjourning all alogy"Painesville(1905), p. Telegraph,173. November 29, 1838.

''Painesville Republican, September 26, 1839.

business in honor of his funeral, it passed a resolution "Ibid., October 3, 1839.

of condolence on behalf of "his afflicted widow and Ohio),""LetterApril 12,From1892.General W. H. Gibson,"Seneca Advertiser (Tiffin.

daughter,"and expressed regret that "in the death of 'WilliamSeneca Advertiser,Lang, HistoryFebruaryof 19,Seneca1847.County (Springfield, Ohio,

our friend and brother, Oliver Cowdeiy, his profes1880),admittedp. that365. heIn showsevaluatinga distinctLang's criticalopinion abilityof Cowdery,in appraisingit must thebe

sion has lost an accomplished member, and the qualities""Letterof hisfromfellowGeneralattorneysW. inH. theGibson,"Senecaop.Countycit. bar.

community a reliable and worthy citizen."27 Perhaps ir,Scncca'"Ibid., AprilAdvertiser,11, 1845.October 14, 1842.

"Ibid., August 7, 1846.

it is strange to those accustomed to modern communi-,sLetter of Oliver Cowdery to Brigham Young and Willard Richards,

Tiffin, Ohio, December 25, 1843, copied in Journal History of that date, cation that publicity of his death was not given and cited by Gunn, Oliver Cowdery, p. 179.

'""Letter from Wisconsin,"May 18, 1847, Seneca Advertiser, June in Salt Lake City until some four months afterward, 18, 1847.

when it was printed in the first issue of the Deseret advertisements.-Issues of JanuaryThe masthead19, 1848,of theand latterAugustissue4, 1848,also listscontainhim hisas lawcoNews. However, the news did not reach his main editor.-'Racine Advocate, July 26, 1848.

nonMormon home at Tiffin, Ohio, until some eight --MilwaukeeIbid., April Sentinel,29, 1848.April 13, 1848.

months after his death. Breslin immediately headWisconsin-"'William H.Argus,Gibson,Mayhis16,brotherin-law1848. and successor in the same

office, was also discredited in this incident because he had bought time lined a story "Death of Oliver Cowdeiy,"in which for Breslin to repay by not revealing the deficit at the beginning of his he expressed sorrow at the passing of "our much own -''Senecaterm. Advertiser, May 5, 1848. This article was copied verbatim

esteemed friend and former fellow citizen."More lishedas an endorsement(May 30, 1848)in thebyWalworthHorace A.CountyTenneyDemocratin the Wisconsinand then repubArgus

important than the few circumstantial details in this at Madison-'CircuitseveralCourtweeksRecord,afterRayCowdery'sCounty,defeat.Missouri, Book C, p. 190

(entry March 5, 1850).

article is the final judgment of Oliver Cowdery by -Seneca Advertiser, November 1, 1850.

26 Improvement Era LTV Electrosystems Inc. WASHINGTON,Planning to Buy DCor RentAREA?in

For Informationpacked MEMCOR/MONTEK OPERATION booklet: DESTINATION

Salt Lake City, Utah WASHINGTON & Picture has immediate openings for qualified personnel in writeGalleryMrs.of fineJean homes,Beck,

the following job classifications: LDS, 6013 Leewood Dr.

* PROJECT ENGINEERS Alex. Va.OR contact703971-5340

other in electronic Bachelors degree with suitable experience BSEE or design. capability state circuit in solid design, u"have demonstrated Must

responsibility for be prepared and must project from to assume proposal CvovveWf?-mJ. copanv McLtAN, Va. design through release for to production. Experience and development

in Navigational aids such as TACAN is especially desirable. REALTORS 22101

* DESIGN ENGINEERS BSEE or equivalent. Minimum of two years'experience in electronic cirFamiliar cuit design. solid with discrete state circuit integrated and/or

Will techniques. for I, Casseroles, Sprouting, be responsible design development of complex and

electronic circuitry and devices for navigation systems from initial design UJ\ Breads, Pastries, Storage through preproduction model phase.

* PRODUCT ENGINEERS MAKE A TREAT

BSEE / BSME or equivalent. Familiar with specification analysis, manufacturing methods and processes. Must be capable of functioning as a WITH WHEAT"

coordinating activity from the development and design phase through Price: $1.50 plus 25C Postage final production electronic of complex systems.

Discount Group SR. INSTRUMENTATION ENGINEERS & * JR. HAZEL RICHARDS

Physics, BSEE, or equivalent. Minimum three years'experience in design 3431 Terrace View Drive

and operation of instrumentation systems including monitoring, data Salt Lake City, Utah -841 09 processing and controls. Desirable to have experience in nuclear reactor

instrumentation, radiation monitoring instrumentation or process instrumentation.

* TECHNICAL WRITERS Requires experience in the preparation of operating and maintenance manuals. Senior Will work Publication under Editors. Engineers and Should FOOD military of publication have a knowledge specifications and some exposure

to solid state electronic circuitry. STORAGE * PUBLICATION & DATA SPECIALISTS

Requires familiarity with AFSM 375-1 and AFSLCM 310-1 technical publications and logistic specifications related to electronic equipment. BOOKLET

Will monitor and coordinate between design engineering and publication WHAT SHOULD WE STORE? groups.

STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN RAPIDLY EXPANDING ROTATION PLAN, ETC. AND PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION IN UTAH.

Advance degree and/or greater experience will result in more favorable considerations.

ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS SEND RESUMES TO

PERSONNEL DEPARTMENT Group Rates Available

P.O. Box 11607 - Salt Lake City, Utah WALTER D. BATCH ELOR

An Equal Opportunity Employer 61 Beacon Ave., Layton, Utah

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.D.S, Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

J. Campbell Lowell R. Reid Wallace PIERCE BROTHERS

8383956 Associate MORTUARIES 2541212 Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD

August 1968 27 a Regional Representative of the Council of the Twelve, has been elected president of the United States Track Coaches Association. This year he

served as acting president during the National Collegiate Athletic Association track and field championships at

Berkeley, California. In

national competition Track Coaches Officer Brother Robison's teams Assistant Administrator

Clarence F. Robison, have placed second, third, Dr. Frank D. Day, formerly

track coach at Brigham and fourth (twice) in Atlantic Coast district

Young University and the past four years. coordinator of seminaries

and institutes of religion, director, will assist in has been appointed the weekday religious assistant administrator of education of over 150,000 seminaries and institutes. youth of the Church,The IDS Scene Brother Day, who has under the direction of

served also as seminary William E. Berrett,

principal and institute administrator.

LDSSA Director CPA Vice President

Elder Marion D. Hanks, J. Will Lewis of the

Assistant to the Council of Winder Ward in Salt Lake the Twelve and editor City has been installed of the Era of Youth, has as vice president of the been appointed managing National Association of director of the Latterday Accountants at an internaSaint Student Association. tional conference held

The association is an in New Orleans. The

organization of the Church Governor Reagan Receives Era 64,000member association designed to relate all A subscription to The Improvement Era has been is the largest accounting phases of Church activity presented to California governor Ronald Reagan by Elders organization in the to college students, and Charles E. Cripps and Kenyon Hyatt of the Western world. Brother Lewis has

assists in the implementaStates Mission. They made the presentation in served three years on

tion of priesthood and Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Governor Reagan was the association's national auxiliary objectives. on a speaking assignment. board of directors.

28 Improvement Era Annual MIA Conference Thousands of Mutual Improvement Association officers Authorities participated. Activities included the

and teachers from all parts of the Church attended traditional reception line, a new parentyouth production, the general sessions and department workshops of the 69th and the annual preconference camp annual MIA June Conference. Many of the General day program in East Millcreek Canyon.

BYU Ambassadors Abroad

Brigham Young University and the Church were represented throughout the world during the summer months by seven talented groups of Brigham Young University students. An 18man track team and a sixman Nauvoo Temple Excavations

tennis team toured Europe in July. The track team, Excavators of Nauvoo Restoration, Inc.,

coached by Clarence Robison, faced competition in a Churchowned corporation for the

England, Ireland, Germany, Sweden, Finland, and development of Nauvoo, Illinois, early

Switzerland. The tennis team headquarters of the Church, have

faced teams in England, Holland, Italy, France, discovered part of the stone basement

Monaco, and Portugal. The a capella choir toured Europe floor of the Nauvoo Temple. The

throughout June and July. A dramatic arts production, stones were laid on a sand base

"Bye Bye Birdie,"toured Europe in early spring. without mortar, and confirm existing

In June a variety show, "Y's Five,"toured armed service sketchy reports that the Saints in outposts in Canada and along the DEW line. In the 184046 period at Nauvoo put a

July and August another variety show, "Startime BYU,"basement floor in the temple. Also

has been touring the Orient. The International Folk Dancers discovered in the excavations was

toured Europe in June and July for their fourth part of a leg of a stone ox that upheld tour of folk dance festivals and competition. the baptismal font.

August 1968 29 cMafor Genealogical RecordSources in

I THE NETHERLANDS

Continuation There are excellent genealogical sources available for research in The Netherlands. The

of the researcher may choose from a variety of sources, some more valuable than others. As in

series most European countries, the parish records can be considered the most important and civil valuable research most source registers the before in 1811. introduced by law were on new

After researcher 1811 the should civil registers the use registers population because and research they contain detailed genealogical to more information. information prior For

papers the parish records should be searched, and as a supplement the various sources found1811,in the state archives (rijksarchieven) and city archives in each province.

Following are valuable printed references and guides

De Rijksarchieven in Nederland (The State Archives in The Netherlands), ('s Gravenhage: Ministerie van Onderwijs, Kunsten en Wetenschappen, 1953), 404 pp., index. A catalog of the state

archives giving the titles of their holdings.

Hoe vindt me zijn voorouders in de Nederlandse archieven (How to find Dutch ancestors in the archives), (Amsterdam: Nederlandse Genealogische Vereniging, 1961), 183 pp., index. Gives information on what types of records are available in the archives and what information the records contain.

H. Brouver, oudHoofdarchivist bij Het Algemeen Rijksarchief te 's Gravenhage, Geschreven Verleden (Genealogy and old script), ('s Gravenhage: Europese Bibliotheek, 1963). Gives information pertaining to various genealogical records and their contents; also a brief introduction to

early Dutch handwriting.

Jhr. Mr. Dr. E. A. van Beresteyn, Genealogisch Repertorium, 3 Vols., ('s Gravenzande: Het Centraal Bureau voor Genealogie, 1962). Master index to genealogical publications, listing family

names with the source where the name can be found.

K. ter Laan, Aardrijkskundig woordenboek van Nederland, ('s Gravenhage: G. B. van Goor

Zonen's Uitgeversmaatschappij N.V., 1948), 510 pp. Lists all places in The Netherlands and the

county and province of larger juirsdictions.

Beschrijving der DoopTrouw & Begraafboeken, enz. van voor 1811 (popularly called by researchers the "RetroActa"), (published by the state archive of each province). Inventories and descriptions of the civil and church records kept by the state archive dating before 1811. All volumes

with the exception of North Holland are available at the Genealogical Society Library.

The chart and table that follow contain answers to the above questions for the major genealogical record sources of The Netherlands. Major sources are listed, together with

type of record, period covered, type of information given, and source availability.

Table A shows at a glance the record sources available for a research problem in a particular century.

Table B provides more detailed information about the major records available. For

example, if a pedigree problem is in the 17th century, a. quick indication can be obtained from Table A of the sources available for that period. Reference to Table B

will then provide more complete information.

TABLE A MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITY BY CENTURY

CENTURY

TYPE OF RECORD 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20U

1. Population Registers

2. Civil Registration

Prepared by the Research Department of the 3. Marriage Supplements

Genealogical Society 4. Impost Taxes

Improvement Era

r L

MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED

PERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY COVERED

1. POPULATION About 1843 Name of head of family, maiden name of City archives; city registrar; bein

REGISTERS to present wife, names and sex of children, grandchilfilmed (Genealogical Society) dren, sons or daughtersin-law, dates and (Bevolkings places of birth, religion, profession, residence registers) and address, date of moving into town and from where, date of moving out of town and destination, dates of death, if died in the house registered

2. CIVIL About 1811 Births: name of child, date and place of Before 1882: mostly in state arREGISTRA- to present birth; names, professions, and residence of chives or in the arrondissement

TION some in the parents; name and age of informer; names, rechtbank (provinces are divided inSouth begin ages, residences, professions, and signatures to judicial "arrondissements") of

(Burgerlijhe 1793 of two witnesses the region to which a city belongs;

stand) on film (GS) Marriage intentions: names, ages, proles

sions, residences of bride and groom; names, After 1882: city archives; being

occupations, and residences of parents; date filmed (GS)

and place of proclamation

Marriages: names, ages, occupations, residences, places of birth of bride and groom;

names, occupations, and residence of parents;

date and place of marriage; names and signatures of witnesses

Deaths: name, birthplace, age, last residence, and occupation of deceased; name,

residence, and occupation of informant;

names of surviving spouse and children;

names and signature of witnesses and official 3. MARRIAGE 18111842; The marriage supplements include all docuBefore 1882; mostly in state arSUPPLE- some later ments and certificates that were required chives or in the arrondissement

MENTS in older times to prove the identity of the rechtbank of the region to which a couple who intended to marry city belongs; on film (GS)

Birth record of couples: names, dates and

places of birth, names of parents, name of After 1882; city archives

official filmed (GS)

Affidavit of recognition: names of seven

witnesses who can identify the bride and groom

Certificate of military record of groom:

name and other identifying data concerning military service of the groom

Declaration of intention: names of bride

and groom and their parents, residences, names of witnesses,

Death or burial records of parents or other persons, which records could identify the couple to be married: name of deceased,

date of death or burial, sometimes name of spouse

4. IMPOST 16951806 A register of all those who Tarried or died, Only a few remaining in provinces

TAXES including nonconformists of Holland and Utrecht only; state

(Gaardersararchives; on film (GS)

chief) 5. PARISH About 1600 Births or christenings: name, date and place Before 1882, state archives; after

RECORDS to present of christening, name of father or both par1882, local parishes ents, sometimes names of witnesses

NOTE. After 1811 use civil regisMarriages: names of bride and groom, date ters or administration records, the

of marriage, date and place where license civil registers being more informawas requested, name of former spouse, if tive married previously Deaths and buriahs: name of deceased, date

and place of burial; in later records date

and place of death; sometimes name of

surviving spouse 6. BURGHER About 1500 Name, place of origin, profession, date of State archives; only a few remain;

ROLLS to present; entering the city some in print (GS)

OR CITIZENsome SHIP BOOKS earlier (Poortersbocken)

August 1968

TYPE RECORDOF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY 7. JUDICIAL About Wills: name of testator, date of document, Some in state archives; some in city

RECORDS 14001811 names of heirs, description of property, archives; being filmed (GS)

names of witnesses, residence, name of offi- (Rechterlijke cial Archieven) Deeds: names of buyers and sellers, description of property, names of witnesses, residence, name of official

Rental contracts: names and residences of

partners in the rental contract

Land records, property appraisals for taxation, etc.: name of property owner, residence, year, amount of taxation

8. NOTARIAL OR About Similar to judicial records Some in state archives; some in

COURT 14001811 city archives; being filmed (GS)

RECORDS

Orphan Acceptance oj guardianship: name of orphan,

Chamber names of guardians, residences

Records

(De WeeskaAppointment of guardianship: name of

merarchiven) guardian, name of orphan, residences, names of deceased parents, name of court

Inventories oj property: names of parents

of orphan, name of orphan, residence, date of document, place where document was issued <mMimgm

MARY KAWAKAMI COLLEGE OF BEAUTY

Tourific! Announcing a

special scholarship Try Lyman's program for applicants MARGARET LUND VITAMINS for August 6, and and

September 24, classes TRAVEL SERVICE MINERALS

COSTS NO MORE.. Less than 2$ a tablet THE WAY SMOOTHS

Let add lo our growing your me name whether the pay amount You same lisl of successful cosmetologists to personally time take the you make HIGH POTENCY the over. Mail world ixdow coupon

all... or whether reservations your

all the; college: for details including relax while you make we supervised housing accommodations arrangements for you. ALL NATURAL

and tuition.scholarships.

TOURS EVERYWHERE - Formulated to equal or improve

FOR ALL INCOME GROUPS on many tablets selling for 5 or in: specialize Clip and mail the Studydirectionunderof Marythe We

recognized Kawakami, Or belOW COUpOn ticketing Free worldwide and 6{ each.

as the world * lodging arrangements* Business Clip and Mail or Write write today 'for great t necontemporaryof( accounts group—both and indiinformation! hair stylists

vidual Las Vegas packages Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, from $16.50. Salt Lake City, Utah

MARY KAWAKAMI Daily Tablets, Please send Supply BEAUTY OF COLLEGE tour Portugal free. Spain 15day postage Provo, Utah 8460 Center West 336

City, Salt from Lake $578... tablets I 500 $8.95 includes meals. Weekly Quantity your obligation, me, without Please send tab|ets $1.95 departure. Bulletin Housing Catalog and 1968 FREE

information along with Hawaii on how I can October tour—Name.... for a scholarship. qualify 4 Islands and Temple.

Nam e Address.

Suite 811, Kearns Building City. Address. Main 136 South

Lake City, Utah 84101 City.State..Zip. Salt

3288981 Phone State..Zip..J

32 Improvement Era Man's accumulation of monetary worth is arrived at in HowMuch various ways. It is acquired at varying prices. Who is to

say hoiv much money costs ivhen men use their best friendDoYou ships to gain financial positions? When a man exchanges

Want toFay manhealthsacrificesfor wealth,anywhatprinciplekind toof makea bargainmoney,has hehe hasmade?paid Iftooa

much for the commodity. Money gained by illegitimate means

can do that person no lasting good. for

The dollar ought not to be so close to our eyes that we cannot see that the purpose of life is happiness.YourMoney?

The progress of the world has been made by men, both great and small, ivho have put truth above all else. We ought

By Melvin L. to be ever on guard that the pursuit of money does not rob

(Bud) Brain us of our everlasting blessings.

Finally, the man who pursues money with such headlong passion that he loses his relationship with his God pays the dearest price of all for that ivhich will perish with him.

The HEALTHFUL way can be a PLEASANT way Over a century of "Battle Creek

San"experience proves that proper diet, specialized hydrotherapy and professionally supervised exercise—all in a se-

—reneworkand wondersfriendly inatmosphererestoring

body, mind, and spirit.

Under the guidance of dedicated Christian physicians, nurses, and chaplains, you can be strengthened physically and spiritually for the pressures of today's busy world.

Will you give us the opportunity to prove it?

Write for details.

Battle Creek Sanitarium HOSPITAL HEALTH CENTER CLINIC 197 N. Washington Ave., Battle Creek, Mich. 49016

(616) 9647121

August 1968 33 Lest We Forget

he drilled his men on shipboard.

He believed that he would bring

American victory to California.

The Brooklyn arrived at Yerba Buena on a foggy July 31, 1846, only to find that peace had already been established.

Yerba Buena, whose population ivas doubled by the arrivalSairiBraiman of the Brooklyn settlers, had some 300 residents on January 1, 184-7, about 200 of whom were aiidlhe<(*)

Mormons. The town was called

Yerba Buena and the area San Francisco, causing some conSaints fusion, so on January 30 the bustling town was renamed San By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Francisco.

Research Editor Illustrated by Maurice Scan/on Brannan began publication of the California Star, the second

A popular conception of the should prepare to die. That time newspaper to be established in

Mormon pioneers is of ox teams has come to us, and unless God California, shortly after his arpulling prairie schooners interposes, we shall all go to the rival there. Many from the

through endless prairie grass bottom. I have done all in my Brooklyn were farmers, and

toward the Salt Lake Valley. power, but this is the tvorst gale they recognized the amazing

Of equal interest is a lesser- I have,knoivn since I was master fertility of California soil;

known company of Saints ivho of a ship."Brannan himself saiv the imtook to the sea, under the direcOne woman answered confimense possibilities of San Frantion of Elder Samuel Brannan, dently, "Captain, we left for cisco.

departing from New York HarCalifornia, and we shall get On April 4, 1847, Brannan bor on February 4, 184.6—cointhere."and two companions left San

cidental the same day that the Another woman said, "I have Francisco and traveled east in western exodus started from no more fear than if we were search of President Brigham

Nauvoo, Illinois. on the solid land."Young, who they knew had

The 238 voyagers started The captain gazed in mute winterquartered on the Mistheir journey on the ship Brooksurprise and then turned, saysouri. They traveled by way of

lyn, commanded by a Captain ing, "These people have a faith Fort Hall (near the present city

Richardson. They ivere wellthat I have not. They are either of Pocatello, Idaho), and met

equipped with farming tools, fools and fear nothing, or they the pioneers at the Green River gristmills, a printing press, know more than I do."on June 30. Brannan brought

type, and paper. In their long In May the Saints went news that the Brooklyn Saints

trip around Cape Horn at the ashore at Juan Fernandez (Robwere now settling in the San southern tip of South America, inson Crusoe's island) to bury Joaquin Valley and that the they experienced gales and calm Mrs. Laura Goodwin, who died Mormon Battalion had reached

seas, each playing havoc with from injuries received during a the Pacific Coast; he also had

whatever schedule had been violent Pacific Ocean storm. with him copies of 16 issues of

planned. During the storms On June 25 they anchored at the California Star. He talked

women and children were lashed Honolulu, where they heard of of the welcome the Church could to their berths at night. the unsettled conditions in Caliexpect in California. President

Once the passengers gathered fornia. Young was little impressed, as

around Captain Richardson to Samuel Brannan, their ambithe decision had already been hear him say, "My friends, tious and energetic leader, made to settle in the valley of there is a time in every man's bought condemned muskets in Great Salt Lake.

life when it is fitting that he Honolulu at $3 and $4 each, and While at Green River the pio34 Improvement Era neers ivere joined by an advance morgue in nearby San Diego. not a bad man."History of

party of the sick detachment Historian Hubert H. Bancroft California, Vol. 2, p. 728.)

from, the Mormon Battalion. declaimed that Samuel Brannan When the Saints became esBrannan traveled with the sick "probably did more for San tablished in Salt Lake Valley,

detachment and continued to Francisco and for other places many of the Brooklyn people extol the wonders of California. [in California] than ivas effectleft California and moved east

He arrived in the Salt Lake ed by the combined efforts of to join them, thus ending one of

Valley with the members of that scores of better men; and, inthe most interesting stories of

sick detachment July 29, and deed, in many respects, he ivas early Mormon migration. O

was disheartened to discover that crops had been planted, a city had been planned, and that this indeed ivas to be the abode

Richard L. Evans

of the Saints. Sadly he returned

to California. The Spoken Word

On April 5, 184-9, President Young wrote a special request for tithing ivithheld from the

Church by Brannan. The letter

held both a promise and a warn- ".ing: justly deal.. if you will Neverlengthtooof life,far fromthe purposeour thoughtsof life—life,are questionsdeath, lossconcerningof loved ones,the outwith deal fellows, your and

with liberal heart and open the whereabouts of those who leave us, and our own inevitable hands, making a righteous use leaving of those we love. These are among the most insistent questions

lost, those whom we may lose,of all your money, the Lord is of all time. As to those whom we have

willing you should accumulate and as to ourselves: "No cogent reason remains for supposing the soul

.. We [scientists]the rich treasures of the earth dies with the body,"said Dr. Arthur H. Compton. ".

and the good things of time in find strong reasons for believing that man is of extraordinary importance abundance; but should you in the cosmic scheme.... It takes a lifetime to build the character of a

ivithhold, when the Lord says noble man. The exercise and discipline of youth, the struggles and

give, your hope and pleasing failures of maturity, the loneliness and tranquility of age—these make

prospects will be blasted in an the fire through which he must pass to bring out the pure gold of his hour you think not of, and no soul. Having been thus perfected, what shall Nature do with him,

infinite annihilate him? waste! long as there is in As What heaven..."can save.arm

there children everlasting God's be for must a God of love, life!"1 So participated in the Brannan

early scenes of California's piospoke this eminent scientist whose knowledge was full of reason and whose reason was full of faith. All of us have losses—or will have—neer life—the discovery of gold,

wild speculation in San Franand no matter how many friends we have, or family, the loss of one cisco real estate (at one time, it beloved one leaves always a place unfilled in our hearts, as David Macis said, he owned all of Market beth Moir said it:

Street), a distillery, and mining, "We miss thy small step on the stair;

at miss thee thine evening prayer; We railroad companies.milling, and

2 thee, miss everywhere."day we richest as theKnown man in All

California, he had extensive To you who know the loss of loved ones, to you who think upon your land holdings there and in own time—sometime—of leaving this life: there is a place where loved

Mexico. But despite all his ones wait, a place, a purpose, and an everlastingness of life in the real

initial successes, he gradually and substantive sense. God grant to each one faith and peace and

became intemperate; his wife purpose, and memories made sweeter by this assurance, that when

and family left him; his health we go it will not be as strangers, but to find again beloved faces, the

and his fortune melted away; personal presence of family and friends.

and he died penniless and forgotten at Escondido, California, -Davidr. ArthurMacbethH. Compton,Moir, Casa1928Wappy.Nobel Prize winner in physics.

on May 6, 1889. For 16 months # "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

his body lay unclaimed in a Broadcasting System May 26, 1968. Copyright 1968.

August 1968 35 The Heritage By Iris W. Schow

My cousin says Grandfather told her once

How as a hungry child he deftly picked

A crust of bread from off the brimming top

Of someone's pail of leftovers, and ate

With thankful heart before he did his chores.

My brother says, "1 wont believe that, though.

Not one of us; it cant have come to that"

Well, be that as it may, 1 see him best,

A bishop, at the head of his own board

Wellspread with dainties, urging more on all

Beneath his roof. And board and roof both serve

To symbolize the triumph of his hands,

His heart, and mind over the unkempt waste

Whose challenge he accepted in his youth.

When as a convert he attained these shores.

His were two assets—all that he need have:

A land that gave free enterprise to each.

A faith that recognized free agency—

These were his heritage from earth and heaven.

36 Improvement Era The Day of the Lamanite Is Now

This is the theme for the Indian Placement Program this year. The

Lord seems to be stretching forth his hand over his children of the great plains.

As members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints all over the world, you may have ivondered what it all means. What do you know about your Indian brother? What can you

tell of the heart that beats tvithin him? Can you understand, the depths of his dark eyes and the

strength in his silent manner?

You've heard of his bravery, his forest wisdom. You've read of hogans and headdresses,

war dances and tribal customs. You may even oivn some of his unique handmade jewelry. But

what woidd you talk with him about, if you were given the chance?

What is so special about a Lamanite, anyway? Is he really a literal descendant of Israel?

It is true that the scriptures indicate a great future for this special child of God, as he learns of His plan and lives according to His commandments?

You can't really understand the American Indian, it has been said, until you step into his moccasins. Not everyone can have this privilege in fact, but vicariously it's yours for the reading in this issue of the Era of Youth.

August 1968 37 Selflessness was the theme of the sermons of the Lord during his earthly ministry. The Indian Student Placement Program is

one of placing Latterday Saint Indian children in Latterday

Saint homes for the school years, there to absorb and make their own the best Mormon culture as well as the training and finest culture of the best communities of a great country.

Perhaps this is one of the most selfless of all the programs of the Church, for here the best people share their homes, their funds, their facilities, and their hearts with young Indian people who otherwise would be deprived of many of these great blessings.

It is significant that many of the homes that house an

Indian child are homes already filled with children and where the children and the foster Indian youth, with the foster parents, all work out a delightful family relationship. The Indian child

learns not only English and the best in the white man's ways, but he also learns the gospel, participates in the program, learns to pray, develops a testimony, and works out a satisfactory human relationship with others who have a different culture.

To contrast the advantages and blessings that are coming to the Indians today with that which they received 20 years ago, the improvement is almost unbelievable. And to look into the

future and see the great direct benefits that will come to numerous

Indian families as the Indian students reach maturity, fill honorable missions, and have their ceremonies performed in the temple is highly gratifying.

—Elder Spencer W. Kimball

of the Council of the Twelve

38 Era of Youth LamaniteYouth Speaks is not a hogan made of logs and

Editor's Note: Students in the placement program mud like mine. I learn many

speak, that you may know what is in their hearts. things. Now I am proud to be a

Navajo—proud of my home and

my people and proud of what Iray LOVIS: The day of the Lamanpeople on the reservation, bewhite learn from mom and dad,ite is we're cause is inside now, day that which me is told—the brothers. and as sing again, precious birds the as a pearl. can I have a sisters,when

when the children can play in testimony of the gospel. I know

peace again; the day when we are that God lives and that Jesus is BEN WATAHOMIGIE: The five

walking out of our wilderness to the Christ. I now have a goal years that I have participated in

a beautiful morn as the flowers something to strive for. It is as this placement program have

begin to blossom and the clouds precious as the sun and glows been the best in my life. I have

depart from the sky; the day with beauty ahead of me as my learned so much about the

when we grow, when we learn, fortune. Church and have gained a

when we prosper again in righstronger testimony of the gospel teousness. How long since our of Christ.

people have laughed in joy? This jesse holliday: If we Lamanites

is the day when we are coming are to blossom as a rose, our ERNESTINE CODY: When we go

back to good, the day when the confidence must wax strong in back from the white man's home gospel of Christ abides in our the presence of God. We must to our own people, we should try

midst. prepare and labor in this life. Let to set an example of what we have

us not think of ourselves, my learned in these past years. Then

people, as being different from our people will want to join the

VERENDA DOSELA: Eight years other people. We are all children Church and learn of modern ways.

ago when I came into this proof God, and his promise applies There was a Navajo hoy who gram I got off the bus with just to all of us—brown or white, bond tended sheep, and the missionaries

the clothes on my back and a or free. God can recognize a found him and taught him the

few small possessions in an old humble heart wherever it may be. gospel. They told him about the

shoebox. I came from a humble placement program, and talked

home. My people are humble. with his parents, who decided to

But you have opened your SARAH NEZ: I learn the way of let him go and learn more of God

hearts to me, and for that I am the white man's world. I learn and go to good schools. After hard

thankful. Now I can go home to speak in English. I learn what work and study this same boy now

with the clothes on my back and it means to be a Lamanite. I has a fouryear scholarship to colwith my belongings in a small learn the gospel of Jesus Christ lege. Yes, our day has come, but

shoebox, but I am rich. I can be and come to live with people I've it is up to us to see what we can

more wealthy than any of my never seen before. Their home do about it.

August 1968 39 Hue Proud and Free By Stella Mosqueda

/ am a young Indian.

My hair is black and my skin is brown,

But I feel no inferiority before the White Man.

Brown is the color of the earth;

Black is the color of the sky before the lifegiving rain falls.

As the soil and rain bring forth food for life.

Materials of work, and beauty for pleasure,

So must I, as the lord of nature,

Bring forth good into the world.

All Indians are blessed at birth

With the precious heritage of independence and pride

Like a costly gem, this precious heritage must be treasured,

Lest it become a dull, worthless stone.

To live proud and free, as was meant to be,

Indian youth must learn to progress

In the White Man's hunting ground, for it is ours too.

The White Man has not taken our land;

He has only changed it, made it a tower of strength

For all Americans of ivhatever race or nationality.

America is my land; America is our land:

To hold, to cherish, to cleave unto, to preserve, and to protect.

It is our duty to learn to live in our changed homeland.

We can no longer use the bow and arrow to obtain our necessities.

Our new tools must be ambition and education.

We cannot stand tall and proud

If ive refrain from the pursuit of progress. Stella Mosqueda, 16, a Yakima Indiar

We cannot be free if we do not try to break froming RiversideLongview, IndianWashington,School is atattendAna-

The. binding chains of poverty and ignorance. darko, Oklahoma. A recent convert to]

the Church, she is a seminary student]

God gave all his children talents to use for him. and plans to major in journalism in]

God gave to Indian youth a special mission, college.

As first Americans: to preserve and cherish America's freedom,

And to hold themselves and others proud and free

As it ivas meant for all God's children to be.

They've Said It With Music By David Smoot

Music with a message espeYou can see to help your Indian tion. Saying it with music gets

cially for them rings in the nation it said effectively.

hearts of many young American Then reach, my son, Jane Thompson has been

Indians who recently have been And lift your people up with planning and directing and entertained by the "Say It With you."touring with various program

Music"cast from Brigham casts for several years. Many

Young University's Program Saying it with music proves of them have gone to distant

Bureau. highly effective, and besides beplaces. "But,"says Jane, "as

When Bimmer Jones and ing thrilled, many of the young important as these tours have

Vickie Washburn stepped on Indian students have taken been, none has had a more spestage to sing "Go, My Son,"the steps that will lead to higher cial purpose or a more tangible theme for the program was set education and help for their sense of attempting to do someand the challenge was firmly people. thing worthwhile than have the

planted in the hearts of the Matt Goudy, one of the cast tours we have taken to the Inyoung Indian audiences. This members, is a good example of dians. Our fifth tour has

song was written by Arliene what this program can do. Matt proven once again a delight for

Nofchissey Williams, a Navajo, is a Yakima Indian from Washus in working with new and and Carnes Burson, a Ute. ington. He is not a member of talented Indian students on

the Church, but he found his campus. Presenting our show

"Go, my son, go and climb the way to Brigham Young Unifor enthusiastic Indian audiladder versity in Provo, Utah, after ences and meeting Indian leadGo, my son, go and earn your seeing just such a program as ers and Indians from every walk feather he is now helping to present. of life has been an exceptional

Go, my son, make your people Following the recent tour to experience that we've all enproud of you. Indian sections, letters flow in joyed."

Work my son, get an education to Paul Felt, director of Indian President McKay has said

Work my son, learn a good education at BYU. They praise that today is the day to prepare

vocation the ballroom dancers and rave the Lamanite people for the

And climb, my son, about the IndianPolynesian work they have ahead of them.

Go and take a lofty view. numbers and the members of The cast of "Say It With Music"

From on the ladder of an educathe Tribe of Many Feathers, who is helping to accomplish this tion also participate in the producgoal. O

Matt Goudy and Vickie Wentz sing "Pass

That Peace Pipe."They were favorites on

the "Say It With Music"show.

Vickie Wentz talks to the animals. And the

animals are almost as tall as she is.

August 1968 41 Student Placement Program

By President A. Theodore Tuttle

of the First Council of the Seventy

The Indian Placement Program is a unique groom."(Proclamation of the Council of the

and distinctive program. It is based on love Twelve, April 6, 1845.)

the love of natural parents for their children that is sufficient to motivate them to send their chilThe placement program is one of the many dren elsewhere to obtain better opportunities. programs that help to accomplish these things.

And it is based on the love of foster parents that It is designed to make possible educational, spiriis sufficient for them to open their homes and tual, social, and cultural opportunities for Latterhearts to accept another's child as their own. day Saint Indian children, and to provide opporNephi saw the days when the Gentiles would tunity for them to participate in nonIndian

help his seed, "both temporal and spiritual."community life so they can use their own experience now and later for their own benefit and

"And after our seed is scattered the Lord God that of their people.

will proceed to do a marvelous work among the The program exists primarily for the educaGentiles, which shall be of great worth unto our tional opportunities it affords the Indian children it their being is likened unto wherefore, seed;

in it serves. These opportunities, however, consist carried Gentiles being and nourished by the

their arms and upon their shoulders."(1 Ne. not only of experiences in the formal school set22:8.) ting but also informal training and experiences

received in the home and church.

. "The sons and daughters of Zion will soon The reaction to this program by families has

be required to devote a portion of their time in been enthusiastic and wholesome. It has not only

they of the forest. For instructing the children provided youngsters an honestto-goodness opporarts of in all the and instructed be educated must

civil life, as well as in the gospel. They must be tunity to play "cowboys and Indians,"but has

clothed, fed, and instructed in the principles and also extended the opportunity to the whole family practice of virtue, modesty, temperance, cleanlito practice true Christian virtues.

ness, industry, mechanical arts, manners, cusAs with all longrange programs, it is diffitoms, dress, music, and all other things which cult to see the fruits immediately. (Somehow it

are calculated in their nature to refine, purify, exalt, and glorify them as the sons and daughters takes just so many years for children to grow of the royal house of Israel, and of Joseph; who up!) It is only when these young people have

are making ready for the coming of the bridesucceeded in school, filled honorable missions,

42 Era of Youth married in the temple, and are faithfully giving school, and other activities, just as other nonservice to their fellowmen that the effects of this Indian children do.

program can be assessed. Lamanite boys played in the championship

There are, however, other benefits than those games for both Class "A"and "B"schools in the to the Indian students: the program also puts the Utah State Basketball Tournament this past

next generation of leaders (today's young people) season.

in contact with Indians, and provides an opporThere are at this time 43 American Indians tunity to grow up with them. Most of today's serving fulltime missions to their people.

parents have not had this opportunity. Temple marriage is becoming the rule rather

I heard a young Indian boy say of his experithan the exception among placement students.

ence, "The first day I went to school the other Many students are receiving their Eagle kids looked at me as if I were a freak or something Scout awards, often the first ones in their tribe—but now they all accept me and love me as I to reach this goal.

love them."Learning how to live better together An everincreasing number of students are

now will make it far easier to live together as taking part in school activities, and many are adults. receiving recognition for high scholastic achieveAnother corollary benefit is that a nonIndian ment.

youth learns that an Indian child is more like There is still something more that young than different from him. people can do for their Indian brothers and sisThe idea of "feathers"is soon (and just as ters. Elder Spencer W. Kimball has said: "My

well) forgotten when these fine young people young brothers and sisters, I plead with you to are seen participating in sports, speech, drama, accept the Lamanite as your brother, a people who ask not for distant, faraway sympathy, your haughty disdain, your supercilious penny throwing, your turnedup nose, your superior snobbery, and your cold calculated tolerance. I

ask you to give them what they want and need and deserve: opportunity and fraternal brotherliness, your understanding, your warm and glowing

fellowship, your unstinted and beautiful love, and your enthusiastic brotherhood."

This placement program is operated under the direction of the Church Indian Committee and the general presidency of the Relief Society. It is

a statelicensed program, under the direction of

Clare Bishop, program director, with 33 qualified professional social workers.

Many people become involved in such a marvelous program. As with all Church programs,

the stake president, with a high councilor to assist, is in charge of this work. The bishop

recommends families in his ward who want to participate in this endeavor, and a caseworker (all are returned missionaries) helps the foster families to carry out their responsibility. It is the

testimony of those involved in this work that the

Lord gives special blessings to all who participate in this service. O

August 1968 43.—a

Dennie Deal helps with the chores on the farm of his foster parents, Mr. and Mrs.

Ferris Fitzgerald.

Climbing the ladder on the farm is symShooting for the basket is a favorite with all boys.

bolic of the climb Dennie Deal is making in life.

The New life of an Indian Teen

By Elaine Cannon

Off the reservation, on to the on one's back counting stars over campus! Young Indian boys and the hogan, to the complicated new

girls relish the adventure. It's world of new school, new friends,

like a dream come true, and when and new "family,"the transition it happens there is no more appreis swift. The old ways are tucked

ciative heart, no more responsive away and treasured as part of student. From the days of lying childhood, part of precious culDennie Deal totes his new "sister,"Kelly

Ann Fitzgerald, Indian style.

Era of Youth Time out is also taken to develop talent. Learn a trade. Be good for something!

Dennie Deal hangs an oil he's finished and That's the command Indian students reframed. spond to eagerly. Dennie Deal welding.

v '-*** jg;****- j-w., fug-.Mt

/t's a friendly tangle for foster brothers Dennie Deal and Kevin Fitzgerald.

August 1968 45 Homework is a community affair when LaVale Footracer, Pearl Keith, Becky Siler, and Suzy Mae Yazzie get together.

Sean Siler is comforted by his loving Lamanite sister, Pearl Keith.

ture. The new ways are learned about their looks and their poise

with some pain, but they are worth and their grades. They set goals

the struggle as life's boundaries and excitedly strive to reach them.

are stretched. Young people, For the young Lamanites, the

whatever their race, are rather world holds much wonder and alike. They make friends, fall in much warmth in the homes of new

and out of love, learn a trade, get families they come to know and homesick and sick of home on love, and in the schools and acoccasion. They follow some trends tivities of work and fun they choose

and discount others. They worry to follow.

Photos by Efdon Lmschoten

46 Era of Youth Don Johnson, foster son of Mr. and Mrs.

Richard F. North, and Pearl Keith, foster

daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Siler, go

format in the marble rotunda of Utah's

State Capitol Building.

'It's a date!"and Pearl Keith is the excited girl answering the call.

Helen Yazzie shows her winning handicraft to her foster mother, Mrs. Reed Newbould.

M

Pearl Keith is like any beautiful young girl '>y::.i when it comes to her hair—it must look

Lteril perfect for the dance.

Rainell Naha shows her speech award to her proud foster family, the Clayton

Lamoreaux family.

Left to right are LaVale Footracer, (Karl home), Rosemary Decker (George Robinson Ben Watahomigie, foster son of Mr. and Mrs.

Anderson home), Suzy Mae Yazzie (Shelby home), Sue Williams (J. Ralph Mantle Leonard Hathaway, touches the audience

West home), Pearl Keith (Clifford Siler home), and Carolyn Dick (Dr. George A. when he bears his testimony.

home), Martha Wayne (Burtis Jackson Miller home).

Reflections of a Borrowed Mother

By Betty North

Members of the Richard North family of Holladay, Utah, have welents. It's hard to believe that in

comed a Lamanite son into their home this year, and the mother a short time I will be writing to speaks from her heart to her own missionary son about the experithree sons—two on missions

ence. and one at college.

Looking back on the past, I Dear Jim: had the choice to remain with feel grateful for the testimony

Don's going on a mission us through the summer and I have gained of the Indian

This young Lamanite who occuwork to save for this special Student Placement Program. It

pies your bed, and shares our call, rather than go by bus with is one in which families of the home, has chosen to go on a the other students to spend the Church can usefully serve our mission this fall! As a senior he summer with their natural parfellowmen and can at the same

48 Era of Youth time do missionary work and around the house and yard. and brave as one would expect

serve the Lord. Great blessings Actually, Jim, he keeps his share an Indian to be. He accidentally

come to our homes through this of the room neater than you ran a broken arrow through his opportunity. I must admit that did! He helps with the horses hand while practicing archery.

sometimes I feel a bit guilty and other animals and even Not one sound came from him that we are reaping such joy pitches in to take his turn with as it was removed and attended and rewards from our experithe heavy household cleaning on to!

ence, when much credit must be Saturdays. Dad got some terIt's easy to accept these young

given to the influence and love rific movie action shots of Russ people, Jim, as you get to know of the two families who came and Don playing basketball. them. They are so talented and

before us in Don's life—really Don is working toward becomsensitive and strong. When our

three, counting his natural ing a coach when he returns to Don takes his turn at family mother. In one particular year his reservation. These Indian prayers, he prays from a heart

his mother allowed four of her youths are naturalborn athletes. full of appreciation for the wonLDS children (she's not a We are learning a great deal derful things he has received

member) to leave home and go from Don as he shares our from all the families he has lived among strangers to gain an home. We admire his courage with over the years. It warms

education and learn our way of to stick to the program, even our hearts, I'll tell you, to sense life. What a sacrifice! I wonthough he becomes homesick at his deep gratitude for the blessder if I could have such times. Our way of life is often ings of this program.

strength. Her anxiety would be different and difficult, but he It's interesting to see how

lessened if she could only see adapts his life to ours readily little discouragement or critihow the buses are met at the and willingly. We respect his cism mothers in this program

BYU. Each boy's hair is cut by righteous desires to be a mishave for the young Indian stuvolunteer barbers, and the stusionary to his people and to dents. They feel as I do—gratedents are examined by volunteer uplift their way of life. We ful to be a part of it. Oh, we

doctors, dentists, and nurses. appreciate his strength of testihave problems, but we have

Friendly members of the Church mony and strong desire to keep them with our own children, help them freshen up and feed the commandments of his too. We cope with them the best

them, and loving families drive Father in heaven. we can and go on to the joys

them to their homes throughout We are learning from his that ordinary living permits. I

the state. calm and quiet approach to life, pray daily for the wisdom, unWe had the opportunity to his insight and depth of underderstanding, and strength to

meet Don's first foster family standing, and his sense of make this experience fruitful in Kamas recently, and his foshumor. We never give without for Don, as well as a blessing

ter mother there expressed how receiving, do we, Jim? Oh, on to our family.

well he looked, reminding him that recent outing to Kamas we Love, how thin he was when he arlearned too that he was as stoic Mother rived at their home for the first time. That first winter found

him much heavier and able to AvantGarden To write of nature now is trite;

lift a bale of hay over his head By Thelma Ireland Taboo is love and pale moonlight;

onto a truck. Passe the flowers, bees, and birds;

Don has entered right into And budding trees are simply words.

family life with us. He reads So I will write an ode to space,

Book of Mormon scriptures A modern theme—not commonplace;

after the evening meal with us, A challenge; but excuse me, please,

and he assumes responsibility While I watch robins in the trees.

August 1968 49 50 Era of Youth Samaritan

By Suzanne Eyestone

It was one of those days of late fall when little and buttoned a bright purple school sweater it suddenly freezes. It was Sunday morning, and with thin fingers. A pair of levis and some

I had started early for church, driving carefully ornate cowboy boots completed his outfit.

to avoid patches of ice along the road. The "I don't know what's wrong,"I explained, as

car warmed and I sang gaily to the rhythm of the I climbed from the car. "The motor just

motor, which was pulsing and coughing in started steaming."

a new way. My breath frosted the windshield He bent over, looked under the hood, and

in fragile, icy designs. felt the radiator.

It wasn't until I stopped for a red light that "Where ya headed?"he asked, as he wiped

I noticed huge clouds billowing up from his hand on his levis, surveying my redrimmed the front of the car. eyes and tearstreaked cheeks.

"Oh, no,"I thought, "I've ruined the car.""Church,"I answered. "I'm supposed to

I steered to the curb, turned off the key, and got be singing in the choir."

out. I lifted the hood and stared at the He raised an eyebrow slightly at the word

motor. The only thing I knew how to do was to "church"and smiled.

remove the radiator cap. I had seen Dad "Well, it looks like all that happened was

do it several times. your radiator froze up."He was looking under

The cap was hot and burned my fingers the hood again.

as I unscrewed it, jerking it off as quickly "The water couldn't get through, and as possible. Steam and hot water hissed out, it heated and boiled over."He poked around

narrowly missing my wrist, and formed more a bit more and then straightened up to white clouds in the cold air. look at me.

"Oh, no! Oh, no!"New anxiety struck, and the "I think all you'll need is a blanket over

tears stung around my eyes, running in little the radiator for a few minutes, some more lines down my face. water, and then everything should be okay."

The passing cars slowed, and the passengers He took a blanket from his brightly stared. Sunday pedestrians also looked painted, latemodel car and carefully covered

as they walked past, hands firmly planted in the radiator and the hood.

their pockets. "There's a gas station a few blocks from

"Oh, no!"Sobbing the same words here. I'll go get some water. It'll only take

over and over, I climbed in the car and buried my a few minutes."

head in my hands. Church would have to He revved up his car and roared around the

wait; I wasn't going anywhere. corner, the tires squealing faintly.

Several minutes later someone tapped on Before long he was back, pouring water the window. from a can into the radiator. He waited

"Need some help?"while I started the car and then followed behind

"Oh, yes!"I nodded in both relief me until I reached the church. Then, with a

and gratitude. honk and a wave, he was gone.

A teenage boy was peering through the "Hey, wait!"I yelled as the thought dawned.glass. Long blond hair hung around his face, "I didn't even say thank—"But then, how does

almost covering his eyes. He shivered a 1 one thank a good Samaritan? O

August 1968 51 LIVES THAT STAND iNSPECTlON'series

Christian Brotherhood

There was an air of expectancy in the greeting. What he said amounted to far

room. Several hundred Latterday Saint more than that.

servicemen had been permitted brief relief "Good morning, my beloved brothers in from action on the line to attend the SunChrist,"he said, as he began. The spirit of

day morning religious services. his salutation and the sincerity of it and

Those who had come early greeted each the strength of it touched every heart.

other and then sat quietly as visitors and Across the bounds of denomination or relocal Base officers entered the room. One ligious difference came the sweet, sensitive

of those in attendance was the Base Chapspirit of a devoted man, an earnest follain, a man of high rank and much experilower of Christ, speaking in the spirit of ence. His courtesy in coming was beyond the Master he served.

the call of duty. He had already arranged As he finished, there came the united,

the place and had been most helpful in reverent response of a large group of cooperating to make the meeting possible. brothers in Christ who responded to his

His coming lent an extra flavor of graloving greeting with the solemn strength ciousness and kindness, and those present of their own "Amen."

ivere grateful. While not a member of the We had seen and experienced the sweet

Church, he had been a good friend, and blessing of brotherhood.

he was called upon to offer a few words of Marion D. Hanks

52 Era of Youth Right Reverend Franklin S. Spalding,

who half a century ago sought the opinions of Egyptologists concerning the

Book of Abraham.

Both the vignette and the rubric announce that this section of + he Book of the Dead contains a "Speech for Taking the form of a Swallow,"yet the chapter itself (No. 86)

seems to say nothing whatever on the subject. This is

part of the papyri, rediscovered by Dr. Aziz Atiya, that the

Prophet Joseph Smith once owned.

A NewLook at the Pearl of Great Price By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Second String

With the five giants accounted for, lessons and August Harle, the best World's ablest Orientalists? Spalthe other members of the team should Hebraist of his time, pushed him in ding deems superior to Deveria four

not detain us long. But first, Theodule Hebrew. At 19 he retranslated an men besides Mercer, whose combined

Deveria (18311871) deserves a word important manuscript formerly renoutput in Egyptology could not begin of notice because he wrote the first, dered by Champollion; at 23 he was to "approach that of the "youthful

the longest, and the most carefully publishing in Egyptology and in the amateur."We have already considered

considered report on the Facsimiles following year became attached to the Dr. Mercer; how about the others?

that has appeared to date. 1 Bishop Department of Antiquities of the "Dr. John Peters, University of

Spalding gives short shrift to Deveria Louvre, where he produced the first Pennsylvania. In charge of expedition

because, as he explains, "unquestioncomplete catalogue ever made of a to Babylonia, 18881895."In 1912 Dr.

ably, this matter is far too important major Egyptian collection. Still in his Peters (18521921) was pastor of a

to depend on the opinion of a youthtwenties, he succeeded the great church in New York, and had not been ful amateur. Such an important matter Mariette as conservator of the Egyptian at the University of Pennsylvania for

deserves the thoughtful consideration museum in the Louvre and, according 20 years. When Spalding's good

of mature scholars—of the world's to de Rouge, produced a work on the friend, Professor Pack, discovered this,

ablest Orientalists. "- Turin Papyrus that "placed Deveria he was quite upset and wrote: "For

Youthful? When Deveria wrote his among the masters."It was only the an instant I was paralysed.... Could

study of the Facsimiles he was 34 jealousy of his superior at the museum, it be possible that Dr. Peters is not

two years older than Mercer was when A. Mariette, that obscured his great connected with the University of

he did the same—fully matured and contributions to Egyptology.'''Pennsylvania, but is a rector in one of

at the height of his powers. Thoughtful consideration? Whereas New York's fashionable churches? No.

Amateur? At 17, urged by the Deveria wrote a long study, two of I could not believe it.... you had led

Egyptologist Jules Feuquieres, Deveria Spalding's experts dashed off notes of the public to believe that Dr. Peters is

had plunged into Egyptology while a hundred words only, and five of at the University of Pennsylvania."1

Charles Lenormand gave him Coptic them wrote less than a page. So while he was back East Dr. Pack

August 1968 53 made a number of visits and inquiries, "He combines with the dignity and summed up the results thus:

"Now, Dr. Spalding, this looks like of the cloth an intellectual contempt

plain deceit. Am I mistaken? Why

."did you lead the public to believe that for the supernatural...

Dr. Peters is now at the University of

Pennsylvania when you knew that he left there twenty years ago? Why did

you hide from the public the fact that

Dr. Peters is a rector in your own was solidly against the whole concept Dr. Lythgoe (18681933) was a muchurch and has been for years?"1 of the Book of Abraham. seum man and a collector who had

To be sure, being the rector of any- "Dr. Arthur C Mace, Assistant been a pupil of Wiedemann at Bonn

thing need not prevent one from being Curator, Metropolitan Museum of Art, and assisted Reisner in the field. "His

also an Egyptologist, but Peters was New York, Department of Egyptian finest achievement,"according to his never that. He had taught Hebrew at Art."Though he is not mentioned in obituary, "... was the arrangement

Pennsylvania for eight years, and he any of the usual biographical sources of the Egyptian Collection of the

1 -wrote popular books on the Bible and nor in W. R. Dawson's Who Was Metropolitan Museum of New York."

modern politics, but his name appears Who in Egyptology, 19101914, Dr. Arranging collections is not the same

nowhere in connection with Egyptian Mace (18741928) had been a student thing as interpreting abstruse texts, studies. A career churchman, he had of Petrie and had worked with the and the long interview with Lythgoe

in 1912 just finished serving six years Hearst collection in Berkeley before in the New York Times reads almost as canonresidentiary of the National going to the Metropolitan. 8 His chance like a burlesque of pompous scholarCathedral in Washington, D.C. 5 He for immortality came when Howard ship: "To make very clear just how

is another of those devoted churchmen Carter, overwhelmed with work and great a hoax the Mormon prophet who, like Sayce and Mercer, combine expense on the tomb of Tutankhamen, perpetrated upon his people,"Lythgoe with the dignity of the cloth an intelasked for the assistance of a Metroexplains to the reporters with magislectual contempt for the supernatural politan Museum crew who were workterial ease exactly how Egyptian and an illconcealed impatience with ing close by; Mace at the time was symbolism originated and just what

those who would interpret the Bible taking Dr. Lythgoe's place in charge Egyptian religion is all about, as he

too literally. Dr. Peters, in fact, wrote of the work, and on instructions from readily identifies solar hymns in the

a book showing that the ancient patrithe latter he joined the Carter enterFacsimiles, and twice refers to Facarchs were nothing but myths, legenprise and thus had a part in the most simile I as depicting the sacrifice of dary figures "generously clothed with sensational archaeological discovery of Isaac by Abraham. The whole baffling

personal traits by successive generathe century. Dr. Mace was an archaecomplex presented "no puzzle to Dr.

tions of narrators"by whom "striking ologist and not a philologist. He Lythgoe,"though his strange theories

episodes have been introduced into the assisted in the publication of discovof Egyptian religion and his guesses stories and even romances which have eries by and for the museum, but about the Facsimiles found no echo no inherent connection with the origiwhen he came to inscriptions, even even among the other members of the nal legends."Along with "racial and short and easy ones, he turned the Spalding panel. 13

legendary"elements, the history of work over to others. 10 His one serious "Dr. George A. Barton."When he

Abraham combines "features of a attempt to deal with documentary was challenged by the Mormons, purely romantic character, in which sources, a study called "The Influence Bishop Spalding sought further supwe are to see no other meaning than of Egyptian on Hebrew Literature,"port from the learned and got it the fancy of the storyteller...."T (1922), is described by Raymond from Professor Barton (18591942),

In all the story of the man Abraham, Weill as nothing but an inferior reacknowledged minister of the Society he claimed, there is not a word of real hash of Herrman Gunkel's work of of Friends (orthodox) 18791922, history. 1909 on the same subject. 13 deacon 1918, priest 1919, D.D. 1924. 1 -'

With such a view of Bible history, "Dr. Albert M. Lythgoe, Head of In 1912 Dr. Barton's book, The Heart

is Dr. Peters the man to give serious the Department of Egyptian Art of o\ the Christian Message, had just

attention to the Book of Abraham as the Metropolitan Museum,"should be gone into its second printing. "Permit

history? Peters'ideas reflect the conadded to the list, since Bishop Spalme first to say,"Professor Barton began

sensus of scholarly opinion in his day, ding intended to consult him instead his contribution to the Spalding and that of the Spalding jury in parof Arthur C. Mace, who was his undercause, "that, while I have a smatterticular. At that time the establishment study while he was abroad. Like Mace, ing of Egyptology, I am not an Egyp54 improvement Era

tqlogist"15—and indeed we have alin Who's Who too), and crossing the phenomenal productivity for which he

ready seen what Dr. Mercer thought Arabian Desert on a camel (from paid too high a price. 2S Animated by

of Barton as an authority on Egypt. 10 where to where he does not say). 20 the laudable objective of providing as

But he was a minister, thus bringing It is amazing, unless one knows this many texts as possible for students and to five the number of nonEgyptologist type of glamormongering archaeoloas many translations as possible for ministers sitting in judgment as gist, that Mr. Banks, after months in the public, Budge dashed off the

Egyptologists on Joseph Smith. Salt Lake City as an expert on the longest list of publications in the

Barton believed that the "faker"subject, could come out with such entire scope of Who's Who. 2S To do

Joseph Smith merely attempted to howlers as that "Smith seems to have this he followed no plan, paid no "imitate Egyptian characters,"the obtained the documents from a sea attention to the work of others, never result being "untranslatable... as captain,"21 that it was the Mormon indicated his sources; "his interpretathey stand they do not faithfully repofficials themselves who "turned the tion of figures is extremely defective,"

resent any known writing."17 As to manuscripts over to Spalding"with wrote Capart, "and his translations

the Facsimiles, the experts disagree the request that he investigate their are full of completely erroneous about them, Mr. Barton explained, authenticity, 21 that hypocephali such ideas."29 "I can categorically declare,"

because "these pictures were differas Facsimile 2 (of which less than wrote the same critic, of Budge's Gods ently interpreted at times by the 50 were known at the time) existed of the Egyptians, "that it is bad; the

Egyptians themselves,"and some of by the millions: "It has been estiwork lacks the necessary preparathe jury "have given the original inmated that something like 20,000,000 tion."30 As R. Campbell Thompson

terpretation of the symbolism, and of Egyptian mummies have been disobserved, Professor Budge was always some the later Egyptian interpretacovered.... Beneath each mummy's "in too great a hurry to finish."31 Will

tion."17 Odd, that that explanation head, [lay] a cushion.... The disks, anyone maintain that he was not in a

should never have occurred to any of found in great numbers, are nearly hurry, his old impulsive blustering the experts themselves, who might alike, varying only slightly with the self, when he offhandedly condemned have been very embarrassed had the period from which they come."22 the interpretations of the Facsimiles?

Mormons chosen to exploit Professor Banks also announced that Joseph

Barton's foolish remarks. Smith had never possessed any papyri It is still going on: If nothing else,

P.S.: In 1915 the University of Utah at all but only such little plaster our long involvement with the affair

brought in Edgar J. Banks, "one of disks. 23 Apparently nothing Mr. Banks of 1912 has taught us something about

America's most distinguished archaecould say was too absurd to be swalthe limitations of scholarship. We

ologists,"to put the final seal of lowed by the openmouthed scholars should know by now the meaning of authority on the Spalding enterprise. 18 on the Bench as long as the magic the maxim, "there are no fields—there

Banks (18661941) had already words "science"and "progress"were are only problems,"with its corollaries sounded off on the subject in the evoked with ritual regularity. 21 that familiarity with a field does not

Christian Herald in 1913, and duly We should not leave our experts mean mastery of all related problems, reported through the pages of the without a word about Sir E. A. W. since no major problem is to be solved

prestigious Literary Digest that Dr. Budge (18571934), who in 1903 had within the walls of any one departSpalding's zeal had forever discredited agreed with his colleague Woodward ment. Since closed systems are a ficMormonism in the eyes of the world at the British Museum "in declaring tion, the conclusions of science must

and the more intelligent Mormons. 11 'the Prophet's interpretation bosh, remain tentative forever: "... the

Mr. Banks pictured himself in Who's rubbish...."2r'This was a demonmethod of critical discussion does not

Who decidedly in the romantic tradistration of Budge's "ferocious bark, establish anything [writes Popper]. Its

tion of Richard Haliburton. He had which could turn to biting if need verdict is always and invariably 'not

been U.S. consul in Baghdad in his be."20 Others could bark back, howproven. 3 -

youth, organized an expedition to ever, and when Budge gave the Consider for a moment the scope excavate Ur, which, however, never Englishman Thomas Young priority and complexity of the materials with got into the field, and claimed to have over Champollion in the translation of which the student must cope if he discovered in 1903 "a white statue of Egyptian, an eminent French Egypwould undertake a serious study of the king David, a preBabylonian king of tologist quoted Peter Renouf: "No Book of Abraham's authenticity. At

4500 B.C. (oldest statue in the person who knows anything of Egypthe very least he must be thoroughly

world)."While Spalding was working tian philology can countenance so familiar with (1) the texts of the

on his grand design in 1912, the dashgross an error."27 Jean Capart noted "Joseph Smith Papyri"identified as

ing Banks, as he tells us, was climbing that the highest praise of Budge must belonging to the Book of the Dead,

Ararat (17,210 feet high—he puts that also be his severest criticism—the (2) the content and nature of the

August 1968 55 mysterious "Sensen"fragment, (3) against the Book of Abraham on linthe socalled "Egyptian Alphabet and guistic grounds for the simple reason The largest part of the

Grammar"attributed to Joseph Smith, that Joseph Smith did not commit (4) statements by and about Joseph himself beyond the interpretation of consists of

Smith concerning the nature of the the Facsimiles. 33 We cannot pretend

Book of Abraham and its origin, (5) to understand how the Book of Abrathe original document of Facsimile 1 ham was translated, but that should with its accompanying hieroglyphic not seriously disturb us, since nobody inscriptions, (6) the text of the Book understands the method by which of Abraham itself in its various edisome of the greatest scholars were able "while the translation of ignorantly tions, (7) the three Facsimiles as reto translate texts that no one else could copied hieroglyphs is a precarious produced in various editions of the read—one thinks of George Smith, proceeding, the interpretation of EgypPearl of Great Price, (8) Joseph Edward Hincks, and the late Francis tian figures is a comparatively simple

Smith's explanation of the Facsimiles, Llewellyn Griffith. In their case, it matter."34 For the beginner, to be

(9) the large and growing literature of was the result that justified the intuisure, this is true; but as the student

ancient traditions and legends about tion, and not the other way around. gets more and more of the grammar

Abraham in Hebrew, Aramaic, Arabic, So let it be with Joseph Smith: we and vocabulary, the writing naturally

Greek, Slavonic, etc., (10) the studies must still take his word for it that he becomes increasingly easier to read;

and opinions of modern scholars on was actually translating, but the rebut the pictures that once looked so all aspects of the Book of Abraham. sult of his efforts is a different matter simple and obvious become, alas, ever

It will not do to consider just one—could such a monument be the remore puzzling, until we finally get

or two of these areas before passing sult of trickery and deceit? It is Propoto the top of the ladder where the

judgment on the Book of Abraham; sition 2 that provides us at last with fullfledged Egyptologists frankly tell

yet so far nobody has done more than firm ground to stand on—and none us that the reading of a text is far

that. Who can hope to cover all that of the critics have ever given it a easier than the correct understanding

ground? Only a lot of diligent students moment's thought! of symbolic pictures.

with plenty of time and big libraries What Joseph Smith tells us about A hundred years ago Maspero and at their disposal. That is why we Abraham in the book attributed to Naville agreed that "a philologically

cannot accept as final the brief and him can now be checked against a easily understood sentence, the words scattered departmental studies of the large corpus of ancient writings, unand grammar of which give us not

Book of Abraham. It is not because available to Joseph Smith, to which the slightest difficulty,"often conveys

we do not respect the knowledge and we shall often refer in the pages that ideas that completely escape all the ability of the experts or because we follow. He has also given us, indeexperts, these being also the ideas

feel in any way superior to them (the pendent of any translated text, his behind the pictures. 35 And today

world will not see another Eduard interpretations of the three Facsimiles, Professors Wilson and Anthes would

Meyer until the millennium), but and it is to these that we now address concur in the same view. The latter

because the nature of the problem calls ourselves. It was in his explanation calls attention to our "helplessness in

for infinitely more care and study than of the Facsimiles, it will be recalled, the face of these mythological records,"has been put into it. that our experts of 1912 were conboth "texts and pictures,"30 while Dr.

There are two propositions regarding vinced that they had caught the John A. Wilson suggests the amusing

the Book of Abraham that none can Prophet out of bounds. But they were analogy of an Eskimo who had never

deny. The one is that Joseph Smith wrong: none of them knew nearly heard of the Bible trying to make

could not possibly have known Egypenough about the Facsimiles to pass sense of the old hymn "Jerusalem the tian as it is understood today. The judgment as they did. That we do Golden"; he "might grasp the indiother is that the Prophet has put down not know the answers is beside the vidual meanings of all the words...

some remarkable things in the pages point, which is that presentday but he would still be puzzled by the of the Book of Abraham. Why should scholarship would reverse the fundaallusions.... We have similar trouwe waste time on Proposition Nummental principle on which the authoribles in trying to apply our underber 1? What can we say about a ties of more than half a century ago standing to the religion of the ancient

method of translation that completely rested their conclusions, namely, the Egyptians, which dropped out of escapes us? This writer is anything conviction that Egyptian writing is a human ken for more than 1500

but an Egyptologist, yet he has stood good deal harder to interpret than years."37 The ancient pictures have a

on the sidelines long enough to know Egyptian pictures. Actually, Mercer face value that is clear enough to us

that there is no case to be made out got it backwards when he said that and to the Eskimo, but what they said

56 Improvement Era anyone know for sure in what sense...papyri in the possession of the Church the "transformation"is to be understood—whether it is a change of form,

fragments from the Egyptian a transmigration, imitation, moment of transition, passage from one world Book of the Dead...."

to another, mystic identification, ritual dramatization, or what not. And what

about this business of becoming a swallow? In the same breath the

to an Egyptian is another matter. Jequier, but for each scholar to conspeaker announces that he is a scorThe Mormons were not slow in tinue on his way, "each interpreting pion, and after the title there is

calling attention to this fatal limitain his own manner and according to nothing in the text that even remotely tion to the understanding of the Fachis means... and so gradually penesuggests anything having to do with

similes: "I repeat,"wrote Dr. John A. trate the mystery of the Egyptian a swallow—literal, typological, alleWidtsoe, "that something more must religions."42 These were the very gorical, or mystical. Certainly what

be done than to label a few of the points that the Mormons were trying the subject does is most unswallowfigures Osiris, Isis or Anubis before to make and that the opposition, like and unscorpionlike as he adJoseph Smith can be placed in 'the determined at any price to give the vances on his two legs and stretches same class of fakers as Dr. Cook.'"3S impression of great and definitive forth his two arms in the accepted

The mere names tell us nothing unknowledge, quietly ignored. human fashion. 4 "Strangely, the titles

less we can also tell "who and what are often easier to understand than were Isis and Horus and all the other The Book of the Dead: The largest the sections that go with them, as if,

gods of Egypt? Not by name and relapart of the Joseph Smith papyri in Thomas George Allen points out, the

tionship, but as expressing the Egypthe possession of the Church consists two were of different origin and histian's vision of... the past, the of fragments from the Egyptian Book tory.40

present and the hereafter?"30 Sjodahl of the Dead, the fragments having Such confusion may in part be

and Webb asked similar questions, been recently translated and discussed explained by the alarming fact that but the Mormons were ignored beby no less a scholar than Professor the ancient scribes who produced cause they were not Egyptologists. Yet, John A. Wilson of the Oriental Instithese documents were often unable to

shortly before, Georg Steindorff had tute. 43 "Scholars had barely begun read what they were writing. By the

written: "We know relatively little the study of the Book of the Dead,"twentyfirst dynasty, Naville noted,

about Egyptian religion in spite of the Edouard Naville recalled, "when they the ignorance of the scribes reached abundance of pictures and religious saw that the text swarms with diffithe point (toward which it had long texts of ancient Egypt which have culties... the prevailing mysticism, been steadily tending) of complete

come down to us. We know, it is true, the abundance of images, the oddity miscomprehension of their own texts,

the names and the appearances of a of the pictures, the impossibility of betrayed by the common habit of large number of divinities, we know knowing how the Egyptians expressed copying entire sections backwards!47

in which sanctuaries they were honeven the simplest abstract ideas—all "Even in their original state,"howored, but until now we have but few offer formidable obstacles with which ever, Professor Allen assures us, "the

notions about their nature, and the the translator is continually colsanctity of the spells proper was fursignificance which the people and the liding."44 thered by intentional obscurities,"48 so

priests gave to them and the legends These points can be illustrated by that no matter how far back we go attached to their persons."40 And tothe most easily recognized section of we will always be in trouble.

day Jaroslav Cerny can still write: the Joseph Smith papyri, namely, the At all times, W. Czermak observes,

"For the Old and Middle Kingdom fragment with the picture of a swal- "the concrete wording of the Book of there are hardly more than proper low, Chapter 86 of the Book of the the Dead is illogical and fantastic,"names to give us a glimpse into the Dead. It is, according to the rubric but its religious sense, he insists, is

beliefs of the common people and (the title in red ink), "A Spell for not; if we confine our researches,

their relationships to the gods,"41 Becoming a Swallow."But what do therefore, to the examination of the

while Jequier points out that the we find? To this day Egyptologists text, as almost all students do, we are

"shocking contradictions"in the incannot agree on just what is meant by bound to get nowhere.49 This is not

terpretation of religious imagery "show "spell"—is it a recitation? an ordi- a paradox: the divine words don't

us that we have not yet found the nance? an act of meditation? an incanneed to make sense in order to be

truth."42 There is nothing for it, says tation? merely a chapter? Neither does taken seriously. For some years this

August 1968 57 writer taught classes of Moslem stuNON-DRINKING dents who gloried in the thrilling sound of the Koran while resenting, some of them fiercely, any suggestion that a mortal listening to those words might possibly understand their meanDRIVERS ing—their incomprehensibility was a

ARE YOU GETTING ALL stamp of divinity.

The Book of the Dead is a huge first place, noTHE INSURANCE PROTECTION Chinese puzzle. In the

two copies arc just alike and most of

YOU ARE PAYING FOR? them differ widely, so widely, in fact,

that if we were to gather together allThe Preferred Risk "PLUS"auto the materials in all the various copies policy offers all the protection of and reconstruct from them a single most standard policies—PLUS standard text, "the whole would make

ADDITIONAL BROADER an ensemble that would be hard to

COVERAGES—AT LOWER PRICES reproduce and even harder to use."30

The pictures often have nothing to do than standard rates. with the texts they accompany, and

sometimes illustrate things not found

FOR TOTAL in the book at all. 51 Texts and picABSTAINERS ONLY tures (they are usually called

( one beer a year vignettes) were usually done by difis too many ferent persons, and "generally speaking, the beauty of the vignettes runs

MORE PROTECTION counter to the goodness of the text."32

than offered in standard By the same token some of the most auto policies. beautifully written texts are among

the worst in grammar and spelling,

Ask for your for everything seems to go by mere personal rate. appearances, so that the relation beNo obligation. tween the effectiveness of a certain

the actual contents of the and for agent spell Risk Mutual your Preferred Look 53 spell is "often incomprehensible."in the "Insurance"under PAGES YELLOW

Texts were valued long after their real

OR USE THIS COUPON meaning was lost from sight because

MO OBLIGATION "the magical use of these old religious

INSURANCE CO. texts is based on their external aspects;

2150 So. 2nd. West Salt Lake City, Utah Dept. IE 8-68 it is magic, not religion that loves

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers, learned obscurity, actually taking or 5 I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 one)Q years. pleasure in what is incomprehensible (Check

Name.Address 'nav(* had mv because of its mysterious allure."54

driver's license This means that the documents defy

City State years. classification, each being "an agglom-

I have Occupation No. of Cars in Family taken a eration of texts related in content

training driver Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls course. Yes No but coming from different epochs and

Car Auto backgrounds."55 Is Used for: Circle Owner

Insurance of This Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires:

Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month Anything Goes! Since the Egyptians

To and from work SEX Day were, as is well known, the most con-....miles one way MARRIED Year servative of people, and since funerary

Insurance first Total Abstainer's Automobile Company America's

Virginia. rites, as is equally wellknown, belong Carolina, or North York, Not available in New New Jersey, Massachusetts,

to the most traditionbound and

Sales manager wanted for Southern California. Call or write

Mr. W. Reid, 9617 Lakewood Blvd. Downey Calif. T0 1-2791

58 Improvement Era "... each individual was free to impose Smithdead ispapyri.the sortThisof judgmentthing thatof anythe

his private taste and his personal amateurglance, butexpertthosecouldwith explainexperienceat firsttell history into the record significanceus that "we itdomaynot haveeven hadknowforwhatthe whenever he saw fit."manydead."07copiesThoughof thetheBooksceneof theoccursDead,in

it is by no means found in all of them, conservative department of human was free to impose his private taste and it would seem that "not all the activity, it is quite baffling to find and his personal history into the dead are required to stand judgment."07

just in this particular branch of this record whenever he saw fit: "... each What is more, there is no indication

particular culture what seems to be a copy,"according to T. G. Allen, "comanywhere that standing trial successtotal lack of official or social control. prised a collection of spells both fully will lead to any kind of blessedEverything is up to individual choice: selected and arranged on a more or ness, nor any certainty whatever about

some vignettes drawn to order for a less individualistic basis."6 - And this what is supposed to happen to the

particular buyer might in the end be goes for the oldest funerary monuwicked in the hereafter; and except

bought by somebody else ordering ments as well as the latest crude for its occasional representation in the completely different texts to go with papyri: "Not one of the mortuary Book of the Dead, the idea of judgment

them;"'1 sometimes a text chosen by Temples hitherto excavated has proved is nowhere so much as hinted at in all

one person would catch the fancy of to be an exact replica of any other of the Egyptian documents. 08 The

others who would order the same for known example. "e3 Typical is the dead person is tried for 42 sins: "How

themselves; 57 individuals would for representation of the rite of the openstrange!"cries Naville, "the 42 sins

their private funeral texts "borrow, ing of the mouth, depicted in some 80 are not the same in all the texts."09

apparently without a qualm, many of tombs over a period of more than 1500 We often read of transformations, the Pyramid Texts, including their years: all but seven of the tombs offer the capacity of the dead to assume

implications of royalty,"while at the only "an extremely curtailed reprewhatever form he will, "but not all same time blithely composing new sentation,"no single tomb shows the the dead take advantage of this privichapters on the spot to suit their entire rite, and what one tomb shows lege and nothing obliges them to do fancy. r,s If a person did not underanother does not; also, during the long so."09a Transmigration may be indistand an old text, that made little centuries of transmission "no systecated, "but there is no doctrine of

GI compulsory transmigration."70 In fact, difference—he would simply latch on matic variation"appears.

to something in the manuscript that It was at first assumed that the in all this vast literature of the caught his fancy, even if it was only Book of the Dead was a ritual text, beyond, "there is neither a system nor a single word or symbol, and put it and Champollion gave it the name of any definite ideas about the fate of down for its magical use/'9 "Somethe Egyptian Funeral Ritual; but that the dead beyond the grave.... In the

times a space was kept blank for a interpretation was given up when it Book of the Dead the goal is as unvignette which was to record some was recognized that no ritual is decertain as is the way to get there....

special feature of the deceased. "As scribed: There is not a single mention there is no compulsion and no necesto the order in which the texts ocin the Book of the Dead of anything sity."71 Down through the centuries

curred, there was no fixed order, and that the dead person or any priest or of tradition there is not the slightest different general arrangements were any member of the family is required indication "of any authoritative popular at different periods. 01 to do/15 Taken as a whole or a part, transmission of theological interpretaIt will be useful to keep all this in "one gathers the impression that the tions."7 - And yet, in spite of this lack

mind when we consider the Facsimiles, compilers of the Book of the Dead of controls, we cannot learn from which have been brushed aside as included any religious material suitthese sources what the Egyptians "typical"Egyptian funerary docuable for recitation as a spell regardless really thought of death, for all ments, though uniqueness is a of its contents. GG thoughts on the subject such as occur

conspicuous characteristic of such As an illustration of this puzzling in their secular writings have been documents, and the Facsimiles are unconventionality, we may take the rigidly excluded. 7 "The one safe, or

among the strangest. Completely bestknown picture from the Book of at least what Gardiner calls the "most

counter to what one would expect in the Dead, the wellknown judgment valuable,"guideline to the underan ancient and venerable tradition of scene or "Psychostasy,"a fine example standing of Egyptian texts, that is, ritual documentation, each individual of which is found among the Joseph "the logic of the situation,"is denied

August 1968 59 Put the magic of

us here in this timeless, spaceless story without a development and without a plot. 7iSugarplum Land The Book of the Dead stands in line

in your meals ofwritingsdescentbeginningof a very withancientthe corpusPyramidof

Texts. The socalled Coffin Texts,

standing midway between the Pyramid

Texts and the Book of the Dead, "contain in about equal number 1 'chapters found on the one hand in the Pyramid

Texts and on the other in the Book of the Dead, while there are many suggests this passages in the Coffin Texts that are delicious, found in neither of the other two, 75 some of these being nonetheless just easy to make as old as the Pyramid Texts thempeach jam for selves. 70 "The Coffin Texts,"says

a real family Lacau,answered "overwhelmquestions,"77us mostlywith unthe taste treat. same questions that confront us in the

Book of the Dead. 78 It seemed to

Breasted that "the priests to whom we owe the Coffin Text compilations allow their fancy to roam at will,"so that "it is difficult to gain any coherent conception of the hereafter FROZEN PEACH JAM which the men of this age hoped to attain."79

3 cups crushed peaches Thus, we see that the problems of (about 2V2 pounds) the Book of the Dead are not merely 5 cups sugar the result of decadent and sloppy 1 package powdered pectin thinking; in fact, the same problems

1 cup water meet us in the very beginning, where the priests of Heliopolis in compiling

Sort and wash fully ripe peaches, the Pyramid Texts selected those remove pits and skins, and crush fruit. "sayings"which they considered most

Measure peaches into a large mixing desirable for particular individual bowl. Add sugar. Mix well, and let kings. su The Pyramid Texts were used

occasionstirring for 20 minutes,stand bring in ritual, but already "the Coffin texts pectin in water;ally. Dissolve

to a boil, and boil for 1 minute. Add gerator or up to a year in a freezer. have deserted the firm ground of

pectin solution to the fruit and sugar If kept at room temperature, it will ritual,"presenting a "kaleidoscope of mixture. Stir for 2 minutes. Ladle the mold or ferment in a short time. Once ideas that do not reflect the cult but

jam into jelly glasses or freezer con- a container is opened, the jam should are very free."81 Though the Coffin

Vsinchtainers, leaving at the space be used within a few days. Texts differ widely from coffin to coflet the containers andtop. Cover

stand for 24 to 48 hours. Makes about NOTE: If jam is too firm for serving fin and follow no plan of organization,

9 sixounce glasses. Store uncooked when opened, it can be softened by they do all have certain ideas in

jam in a refrigerator or freezer. It can stirring. If it tends to separate, stirring common, according to Louis Speleers,

be held for a few months in a refriwill blend it again. namely, (1) the idea of a physical

resurrection and a spiritual existence

Where is Sugarplum Land? It's all around you if you live where sugarbeets in eternity, and (2) the reception of

are grown. U and I Sugar sweetens the economy of these areas. the dead by Osiris. 82 The doctrine of

Osiris lies at the heart of the business, yet in all of Egyptian literature "no UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenlsh, Washington.

60 Improvement Era.. a in us. which provokes

ofThe view that "the Book of the Dead brainhorror everything that offends our is nothing but...fantastic ideas"is the easy more"As toor theirless innatecosmologysense. of.. logic."there 10is"

way of "escaping a humiliating confession nothing in common between certain of their cerebral conceptions and our of ignorance...."own intellectual operations"; where

Christian thinking "applies the most rigorous logic,"the Egyptian "accepts systematic exposition of this myth is unity of any kind."04 the most shocking contradictions,"of

known,"83 and we would know Perhaps the most enlightening disthe most "rudimentary and childish nothing whatever about it were it not course on this theme is that of Prothinking."101

for the remarks of some poorly infessor Louis Speleers, who in his work Significantly enough, Dr. Speleers

formed Greeks. Sf As in the Book of on the Coffin Texts takes the Egypadmits that the early Christians were

the Dead, the coffin text owner is altians to task with great feeling for guilty of the Egyptian type of thinkways going somewhere, "but where he holding religious beliefs that clash at ing, regarding heaven and hell, for is going on his long road is not to be every point with the teaching of example, as definite places, "and it clearly discerned from the spells."*5 Roman Catholic scholastic philosophy. was only in the course of the Middle

"Yet there is method in 't": The He is shocked to find among the EgypAges [that is, thanks to the efforts of

scholars who condemned the Factians "the total absence of the idea of Scholastic philosophy] that they were similes in 1912 by labeling them an Absolute Being,"but in its place the recognized as a 'psychic state'of hu- 1 ""'And even as the scenes from the Book of the Dead concept of a God who is "but man on man existence.""

never bothered to answer the urgent a higher scale."9 ""'Their unpardonable Egyptians could not think of existence

question of J. M. Sjodahl, "What is sin is to prefer concrete to abstract without some physical base, "one must

then the Book of the Dead?"8 "The terms: they "ignore the Absolute recognize that the Christians themquestion is still in order. Since the Good"to describe eternal bliss "in selves could not free themselves from

beginning, "the idea has prevailed terms of earthly objectives."90 In this idea until a certain period of time

that the Book of the Dead is nothing their thinking, "everything is as mahad passed, and even then only to a but a conglomeration of fantastic terial and concrete as the Christian certain degree."11 "''To bring out their

ideas,'1 but that, as leading Egyptolometaphysic is abstract and spiritual."97 glaring contrast, Professor Speleers

gists are pointing out today, was just Even worse, if possible, they fail to places certain of his own beliefs side the easy way of escaping a humiliating place rigorous logic before all other by side with their Egyptian oppoconfession of ignorance and a crushing considerations: "These ancients alsites; and given the choice between

commitment to years of hard work. 87 ways proceed by simple affirmation the two, there can be little question

As a result, "the 'illogic'of the Egypand negation.... They don't think, but that the Latterday Saint would

tians has almost become an article of they only 'feel'... no critical sense, choose the Egyptian version every

98 Thus, they "expect time. Indeed, at the present time, faith in our science—much to its no method."

loss."88 We have been told ad nauto live forever with their neighbors Catholics are becoming rather cool to

seam that things that supposedly and the delights of material things the appeal of Scholastic philosophy, intelligent Egyptians took seriously while at the same time sharing the and many Egyptologists are beginning were "unmitigated rubbish,"8 "that life of gods and spirits."99 "It is as if to ask whether the Egyptians were

Egyptian religion is "inarticulate, the principle of contradiction... did such fools after all. As examples of

fuzzy, and incoherent from the logical not exist for them."100 Disgustingly some of his own impeccable logic.

point of view,"90 that "the mentality egocentric, too, with the individual Speleers tells us how "God through of the East"will forever escape us clinging to his personal identity the mediation of his creatures becomes logical Westerners, 91 that the Egypthroughout the eternities; 101 which is aware of that which He is not,"107 and

tians "like all primitives emerging highly unscientific to the bargain, how the human soul "requires to be from the night of prehistoric times what with the "transposition of earthresurrected in a body, but... purged

had yet to discover and explore ly things to a divine existence and of of all necessity of organs."108 And he

the real world,"02 that "ancient Egyp- a dead person to another world...,"calls the Egyptians confused!

tian religion was a motley mixture of and otherwise "accepting the most From the very first there were emichildishly crude fetishism and deep improbable miracles, denying the laws nent Egyptologists who suspected that

Philosophic thought,"93 "... a hotchof nature as we understand them."102 people as clever as the Egyptians could

potch of warring ideas, without real It all bespeaks "a disorder of the not possibly have been as antilogical

August 1968 61 as they seem to be from their writings. have never met a specialist,"What we have in the texts, they 'I

argued, must represent the breakdown wrote Professor Anthes, of a religion which in the beginning was entirely logical. 109 The most who did not have the highest respect

widely accepted explanation for all the.'

confusion was the wellknown deterfor the Egyptian craftsman...

mination of the Egyptians to throw nothing away: ideas, images, and

stories originating in remote times and tude to the Egyptians,"wrote Daumas, problems by isolating them in artiplaces were all welcomed by the Egyp- "has been that of children who find ficially closed systems. Thus we find

tian community and retained side by their parents to be outmoded and old- a tidy correlation between the conside, with ingenious efforts to explain fashioned and conclude from that that sumption of cholesterol and heart their clashing coexistence and, when they must be absolute nincompoops"; disease and immediately announce

these failed, a goodnatured and perto fall back on Egyptian unreason to that all cholesterol is deadly. We

manent hospitality, that "liberal"or explain what we cannot understand get quick answers by drastic over- "additive"attitude that allowed room is not a sound practice: "it is a vessel simplification. The Egyptian, on the

for everybody in the temple.110 that leaks on all sides, and it leads other hand, "did justice to the comAlong with this, we have today an quickly... to the conviction that the plexity of the problem by allowing a

increasing tendency to seek the exEgyptians were utterly stupid."115 In variety of partial solutions."110 After

planation of many paradoxes not in the same vein the eminent Egyptol- a statement in a funerary text, for

Egyptian intransigence but in our ogist Adrian de Buck chided those example, it is common to find the own ignorance of what was really who find fault with the Egyptian phrase, "Some say this means soand- going on. "We cannot subscribe,"language as primitive and defective: so...,"followed by another, "Others

wrote Henri Frankfort, "to the prevathe real fault with the language of the say it means soand-so...,"and so

lent view that... the Egyptians held Egyptians, de Buck points out, is, after on, the reader being given his choice

a number of incompatible ideas in all, simply that it is not our lanamong a number of "official"explanahazy or muddleheaded confusion,"guage.110 tions. 1 - What we have here is "liberthis false idea being "founded on a "I have never met a specialist,"ality in dogmatics rather than inability

discrepancy between our own outlook writes Professor Anthes, "who did not to think clearly."121 Why settle for a

and the views and intentions of the have the highest respect for the Egypfinal answer before we know all the ancients."111 Alan Shorter seconds tian craftsmanship, and all agree in facts? If two pieces of the jigsaw

this: "We are apt to stigmatize as classifying the best Egyptian work as puzzle did not fit together, the Egyp-

'contradictory''the apparently conperfect in form and timeless in tians did not, as we so often do, fused ideas which run through... appeal."Moreover, Anthes continues, pronounce one of them to be a fraud

many Egyptian texts, when perhaps we judge Egyptian military and and throw it away, but they allowed it is ourselves who are interpreting political history by the same measures for the possibility that there might be them too literally."112 F. Daumas lays we use for modern history, never missing pieces that in the end would

down some rules to be observed in claiming Egyptian leaders to be naive link up the two apparent contrathe reading of Egyptian religious or primitive in their thinking. In dictions.

texts: (1) Assume a minimum of everything militarily they come up to This attitude some have called the

errors in a text, always giving the the highest standards and often sur- "multiplicity of approaches": "AnEgyptians instead of ourselves the pass the best the later world can cient thought... admitted side by

benefit of the doubt. (2) "Believe produce. Yet we give these same side certain limited insights which

that if we do not understand it is people no credit for brains whatever were held to be simultaneously because we are badly informed, rather when it comes to the subject that valid."122 Hence, "quasiconflicting

than imputing a shortage of intelliinterested them most, religion! 117 A images should not be dismissed in the

gence to the Egyptians.... Let us not century ago E. Revillout called attenusual derogatory manner,"123 since

118 of of expressions habit "the are bias. strange to this tion to hasty on first be what What is they condemn

11 '5 to of approach several avenues it? using Frankfort Anthes and behind sight confused."looks chaotic and

It was for failing to observe these suggest not a different level of intellisubjects of a problematical nature."121

principles, it will be recalled, that gence but a different method of solving The modern singleline approach is

Professor Mercer was taken severely to problems. neater and easier to understand, but

task by his reviewers. 111 "Our attiWe get neat final solutions to our the history of Christian dogma has

62 Improvement Era As you travel Utahtoo clearlyshown only how brittle and and the West..

are. bigoted its solutions O

(To he continued) FOOTNOTES 1TheoduIe Deveria, "Fragments de Mss.

Funcraires Egyptiens considercs par les Mormons comme les memoires autographes d'Abraham,"in Memoires et Fragments (Paris:

Leroux, 1896), published in Bibliotheque

Egyptologique, Vol. 4 (1896), pp. 195202;

see also "Specimen de l'lnterpretation des

Ecritures de l'ancien Egypte,"ibid, pp. 165ff.

-Franklin S. Spalding, Joseph Smith as

Translator, p. 19.

All this from the biography by his brother,

Gabriel Everia, "Notice Biographique de

Theodule Deveria (18311871),"in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, 4 Vol. (1896), pp.

i-xlviii.4 77ie Improvement Era, Vol. 16 (1913), pp.

703-4. "Who'slj J. P. WhoPeters,in EarlyAmerica,Hebrew1912, p.Story1648.( New

York: Putnam's, 1904), p. 129.

nbid., p. 143.

,vHis work on mummy bandages while with the Hearst Egyptological expedition of the University of California is noted by G. E. Smith,

in Annales du Service, Vol. 7 (1906), p. 157.

"Howard Carter and Arthur C. Mace, The

Tomb of Tutankhamen (New York: Cooper

Square, 1963), Vol. 1, pp. 107-9.

"Arthur C. Mace, The Tomb of Scnebtisi

York: Metropolitan (New Museum, p. 1916),

note 35, of these greater part transla- 1: "The

tions is due to the kindness of Dr. Alan H.

Gardiner."Since the only inscriptions in the

tomb were very short and easy ones, one wonders why Dr. Gardiner was needed to

translate "the greater part"of them, and how much would be left to the genius of Dr. Mace. Two independent,

Carter 1, 109: and Mace, op.So"..also Alan kindly Gardiner cit., undertookVol. to growing oil companies—

deal inscriptional with. Dr. that material any might

be found."Husky and Frontier/

"Raymond Weill, in Revue Egyptologique,

Supplement p. 48. 1950, Beeline—have joined

in Journal 1:;Obituary of Egyptian Archaeology,1:sNewVol. York20 (1934),Times, Dec.p. 107.29, 1912, magazine hands to better serve motorists and truckers in

section. Utah and Western North America. 'Who's Who in America, 192425, p. 331.

*'Era, Vol. 16 (1913), p. 613.

Era, Vol. p. 71 57. (May 1968),

in A. Barton, Era, 17George Vol. 16 Both companies are dedicated to quoted

(1913), lsQuotep. is774.from a Christian Herald article ALL CREDIT CARDS WELCOME the western tradition of friendly service

given at Digest, length in Literary July 10, and quality.

is 15. quoted: also Banks1915, 67, where

"Lately I have been delivering a series of lectures the auspices under of one of the departHusky, Frontier, and Beeline service of the of Universityments Utah.

l'-'Ibid., is workingp. like66: a"Theleaven.knowledge... Theof suchBoardfactsof stations are ready, willing, and

ofRegents avers of the University ProUtah, BONNEVILLE able to prove the superiority of their isfessor Banks, 'predominantly Mormon'and THE'making efforts to desperate the growth check FASTEST GAS IN THE WEST service, gasoline, lubricants. andof etc. progress,"-"Who's Who in America, 1924-5, pp. 303-4. NATIONALS

21Banks, op. cit.

Era, in 774. Vol. --Quoted 16 (1913),

-'''". inscriptions the are not

., objects. smallbut OIL upon."Banks,p.papyrus, clay upon.. HUSKY

cit. loc. FRONTIER DIVISION I DENVER, COLO. -4 in his Era, sanguine quoted remarks See

the accompanied lectures amebrightto theyoungclubMormonwhere studentI was The Quality Gasoline YOU Can Buy at any Husky, Frontier, or Beeline Service Station stopping. He asked about Joseph Smith's

translation of the Egyptian inscriptions, for he remembered the discussion of two years ago.

in Mor- a only name. MormonHe A

.. the about is gentlemannow showedmon me his WANTED of grounds. ashamedTemple was He.

...religion younger the represents he and

of op.generation Banks, Mormons,"TEMPLES

in 341ff, -'Reported Era, Vol. cit. and 16, pp. TunerTechnician Piano

4. 19, p.Deseret News, Dec. 1912, and the in Journal of -CR. Campbell Thompson, to Willing settle in Salt Lake Area.

Archaeology, Vol.Egyptian 21 p. (1935),

with Excellent opportunity to work69.=

Technician. well established 'E. Andersson, in Sphinx, Vol. 12 (1909), LatterdaySaints prominent, 237.p.

"Thompson, critique des Religions loc. cit.; deJ. Capart,I'Egypte in(Brussels,Bidletin 50C a copy Some selling experience helpful, but

25. p.19051913),

cit., op. L>!1Capart, pp. 2628. 40f b copy for 25 or more rightnot necessary.man. Interested?Excellent futurePleaseforsendthe 25. 30Ibid., p.

Ibid., pp. 68f, noting that Budge "early Order from The Improvement Era confidential letter giving qualifications,

articles of the writingrelinquished"and turned

Oriental books.out instead about His 79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 experience and age, to P.O. Box 120

haste.""undeniably doeswork show this

Reports Federation of the 17077, Salt Lake City, Utah 84117. R. Popper, Karl

August 1968 63 cit., w cit., op. 61. 10. p. op. p. 77Lacau, Biology, SchackSchackenburg, Experimental for Society American

Orientin Drioton, Bulletin Archiv fuer Religions Critique "'Etienne des dr 78Capart, Vol. 970. p. 22 (1963),

".. 261. quoting p. of forschung, Lacau. 12 p. an VEgypt 31, (1959), translating the Abraham (1904) Book 33In

in in classes manuscripts of Religion of the. and Thought Breasted, arrangement and use Ttljames no apparently Smith Joseph made

is that so possible, lines not of the 278. of descent we Egypt Ancient (London, of p. 1912), of fragments the Book the any

Hereclectic Kees, to method,"op. w)Kees, of back on an must the Church; possession in now Dead

des aegyptisKapitel 17. Coffin the the Das fallGrapow, but not only Bookcit., ofp. the mann and socalled 15. DeadAccording Egyptian Grammarthe Alphabet

all ( InauguralDissertation, are as well Texts Totenbuches official the status; Texts Pyramid chen and has any never enjoyed

connection between the Book of Abraham FriedrichWilhelms-Universitaet, Berlin, 1912), "entirely disorganized collections of unrelated and the "Sensen"papyrus remains a mystery: p. 51. sayings,"p. 14:

see our preliminary remarks in BYU Studies, ""Naville, op. cit., pp. 3839. mR. Anthes, in Ztschr. fuer Aegyptische

Dialogue, Vol. 3, No. 2 (Summer 1968), pp. Thomas George Allen, in Journal of Near 82Louis Speleers, Textes des Cercueils (Brus99-105.M S. A. B. Mercer, in Utah Survey, Vol. I, Eastern"'"HermannStudies,Kees,Vol.DerII (1965),Goetterglaubep. 177.im alten sels,S3J.1946),Cerny, xxxii.Ancient Egyptian Religion, p. 35.

Hinrichs, of 1941), p. 254. (Leipzig: of the limitations in Aegypten a estimate recent p. Vol. Era, 612. Cf. Mercer For 16, p. 25, and

subject, op. Translator, see Gardiner. ll0Davis, Spalding, Smith Joseph on the knowledge 2. Egyptologique, in Bibliothequecit., p. 1-10. 'Naville, Aegxjptische p.Todten29. Pharaohs, the Naville, of Dasas Vol. GreekEgypt:trEdouard pp.

1 25. Dynastie. Einleitung Zweiwegebis p. SchackSchackenburg, XVIII. (1893), der buch Hans XX

in loc the real *'Allpn Maspero, Gaston noting (Berlin, p. 2; 15, p. 1886),

lost 03I. Vol. 1 E.'S. p. Edwards, Egyptologique, of the (1893), Bibliotheque cit The Pyramids of Egypt buch,meaning "TwoalsoWays"(p. 11)was thatentirely

30Budolph Anthes, in Artibus Asiac, Vol. 20 (PenguinM S. Bjerke,Books,in Numen,1952), p.Vol.114.12 (1965), pp. by 80theT. M.MiddleSjodahl,Kingdom.in Era, Vol. 16, p. 331.

202-3. Sprache, Ztschr. in 92. f. Aeg. Czermak, (1957), CTW.

Aelteste des Texte ""Richard Lepsius, in Dialogue, Wilson, 9. Vol. 3, No. 2 TotenVol. p. 37John p.A. 76 (1940),

Naville, (Berlin, Edouard buches p. 6; Aegyptische 1867), in 71. Archiv fuer 1968), p. (Summer Czermak,

19. p. Aegptische Todtenbuch, Das Era, 1 Vol. 16, p. 618. 205. Vol. p. Widtsoe, Archaeologie, (1938),

nbid., p. 457. Alan Shorter, The Egyptian Gods (London: S9Gardiner, speaking of certain hymns, in

6465. to K. Paul, '"'Georg Steindorff, 55. 1937), Baedeker's pp. Guide Egyptologique, 11 p. Vol. (1957), Revue

cit., 22. flTNaville, op. p. (Leipzig, the Egypt Religion, (1935). Vol. 3 and Sudan 1908), Egyptian pp. in Weffi,

cit., AnThe Alfred asLoc. cxiicxxvi. Wiedemann, and 121. p.

the Immortality cient Doctrine of LiteraEgyptian Religion of Cerny, "Jaroslav Orientalische Egyptian Ancient in Kaiser, 91Wilhelm 55Putnam's, York: citing pp. Soul Library, University 1895), Hutchinson's (New (London: 341, p. turzeitung, Vol. 58 (1963),

cit., 22. Naville, op. p. 54. 57; p. 1952), Junker. Hermann

26. sttr les p. Considerations Jequier, Re42Gustave cit., 119. 92Weill, op. p.

22. <*>Ibid.,Ibid., p. ligions Egyptiennes 1. cit., (Neuchatel: 1946), pp. op. p. '-"Wiedemann,

cit., 66. op. p. 7-8. 70Wiedemann, ArchaeEgyptian in Journal of Hall, R. "H.

cit., 6785. p. cf. "'Naville, Wiedemann, 21; op. op. 43Wilson, pp. 77. 1 p. Vol. ology, (1914),

to cit., attained 2. cit.,Egyptians never "Naville, op. p. 49f: Cercueils, "The des pp. Textes Speleers, pp. il5Louis

cit., the underworld; 7980. the Osirian op. of idea clear 4nWilson, any pp. Ixii, Ixx.

it over reigned obscurity Allen, confusion and Egyptian George 40Thomas xviii. Book The same xix, xxxi, Ixx, MIbid., pp.

the of the unseen conception the of of (University Press, as over whole Chicago Dead xxxii.,J1Ibid., p.

... liberty at 3. deity. was each of p. for world and 1960), concern also, Ixviii; "no Ibid., p.

less modified or cit., for a 47Naville, op. himself more A. cf. to E. 41; form p. Budge, W. Ixix. causality,"or ontology p.

underthe of characters of Religion, Egyptian the conception 45. p. ''''Ibid., xviii. p.

cit. loc. world."lviii. p.

in Artibus Asiae, Vol. in Ztschr. Anthes, 20, Ibid.,lm Sprachc, Czermak, Aeg. 72Rudolph Allen,1BW. f. Ixx. Ibid., p.

cit., 1 Orientalia, Vol. texts Naville, op. p. 11. in 73E. various Suys, p. (1932), The lxxiii. w*Ibid., p.

interpretations average that seems Egyptian the noting introduced and with were no 65, "their xxxi: short, lxiv, w'Ibid., In pp.

idea of the trying to skeptical to rather design,"a whole to composite about have "add been state is simplistic; not they do cosmology

cit., op. Anthes, R. business. p. 93. life nature,"and clearly they by mean what

cit., op. raNaville, 3839. Gardiner, the Pharaohs, Egypt 74Alan pp. of quantias given things such accept simply but

24. Davis, r,2Theodore p. Funeral Papyrus M. The ties.

1. Iouiya in 75Pierre of Receuil Constable, Vol. p. Lacau, (London: Travaux, des 1908), xvii. p.

SchackSchackenburg, Das Buch 59. von 26 caHans p. (1904), imcit. "the accept most '"'Ibid.,w6Loc. They

seligen (Leipzig: Kees, den Totenglaube, des Aegyptischen Toten Zwei 70H. Wegen p. 255, "persistently lxix), miracles"and probable

Hinrichs, 9. the of noting in that magnificent the content the p. Coffin Texts Thus 1903), Ixx). These soui"the (p. and(p. body confound

of misTurin Papyrus every general "freely selected kind pieces suggests with "swarms a from pagan ancient of the charges are stock cit., 3. take,"of Naville, Texts."op. corpus p. Pyramid Christians. early the against philsophers

101Ibid., p. xxx.

*Ibid., p. ix.

109S. G. Maspero, in Bibliotheque Egyptologique,110W. Kaiser,Vol. 1 in(1893),Oriental.p. 124.Literaturzeitung,

theories the discussing p. Vol. 342, 58 (1963),

C of der Geisteshaltung Junker, Die HermanUse today or store away! Friihzeit in Boehlau, der (Vienna: Vitamins Aegypter Multiple 1961).

Safeguard your family's health.. and Minerals pp.1UH.91, Frankfort,125. Ancient Egyptian Religion.

now and later with a plentiful supply of: MultiPurpose 112A.113F. Shorter,Daumas, Thein EgyptianRevue dcGods,I'Histoirep. 86. des

Religions, Vol. 160 (1961), pp. 14748.

op. 13940. pp.)

daily adults with Helps 115Danmas, requirement.supply minimum in d'Egypte. Chroniques Buck,cit., 118Adrian de

protect family during cold winter months. Big Savings! Vol 23 (1947), pp. 26, 28, 34.

11TRudolf Anthes, in Mitteilungen der

Berlin, OrientGesellschaft 96 No. zu videutschen contain 14 VITAMINSMULTIPLE MINERALS AND

Journal 5-6; cf. of the pp. (Sept. 1965), of yourtamins and 6 minerals. Be sure each member Society, Vol. Oriental American 74 (1954),

family takes a tablet a day for an essential dietary food p. 36.

Vol. Egypt, Revillout, in Ancient 118E.supplement. You'll save more at PermaPak.

also ibid., that Egyptian1, p. noting 103, pp. 3165,

MULTIPURPOSE FOOD... ideal as a low calorie pietypiety inin nonature.way differs from orthodox Christian

complete diet, food supplement, extender or fortifier. ""Frankfort, op. cit., p. 91.

Asiae, to in Artibus Anthes, 120According storing, living,Marvelous for or outdoor for mobile allusion to this is "no formula for Vol. p. 95, 20,

foremergencies, every day is precooked. Add use. MPF of theological transmission authoritative any

the rather acknowledges but juices, stew, fruits dishes,dry to soups, breads, meat and interpretation,"individual of validity judgment. of items. boiling other fooddozens water Add to make in the American Journal of 131Anthes,

"..delicious cereal vegetable. or Society, Vol. 39. Oriental. it was 74, p.

earlie: of transmission the not and dogma,

at a better then buy prices-."make PermaPak..Compare myths.

Telephone: cit., 4. op. 122Frankfort, p. civil defense,Church, leaders government greater urge

12Ibid., 19. (801) p. 4869671personal feel preparedness. Plan store secure! to and 12i If. Ibid., by 9 idea The pp. tmmtmmmmmmmtmmitmmm your orders. Pool single for prices group and onWrite /. Vol. Zf. in Sprache,is discussed 80 Aeg. Anthes, R.

Vol. rates. 85; and of low trucking p. with to take others (1955), advantageorder 1< 113 78. 13 (1954),.. der p. alien53; in Totenglauben Kees, | H. iV/fl M\ |\.

Residents of California Southern contact: in The PIONEERS PRODUCTS Wheat IN PREPAREDNESS WallGordon, reviewed H. by Aegypter,

Kernel, 7554 Katella Ave., Stanton, California 90680 Revue Egyptologique, Vol. 13 (1961), p. 145.

Phone 6351352, 8288421 40 E. 2430 5., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

64 Improvement Era Teaching ConductedSchoolbySystemthe Church

Than It Has Ever Been

By Jim Johnston

Instructor, Calgary Institute of Religion

As a small girl walked past the before has Satan had at his disposal we share with students is preciously cathedral that she always passed on such devices for exploiting youth short, what are we doing to make her way to and from school each day, mass media, drugs, clothing styles, our classes purposeful? Does each

the clock in the steeple chimed the transportation—all used to lead young lesson strike a meaningful note for

hour; but, apparently broken, it didn't people away from the paths of each class member that helps him to

stop after striking 12—it kept on: 13, righteousness and the gospelcentered sing better the song of this life? Do

14, 15, 16, and on it went. The little life. These are not just any young we direct the lesson to every member

girl, becoming somewhat alarmed, ran people—these are our young people. of the class, or do we make the lesson

home quickly. As she entered her Never before has there been a time appeal only to the eager learners? It

home, she shouted to her mother, when the Lord has needed his helpers is easy to teach the frontrow few in "Mommy, it's later than it's ever been—all teachers in the Church—to be class, but what about those who are

before!"better prepared to fortify, strengthen, far away from the Church—that

My shout, echoing the cry of this and encourage the youth against troublemaker who has driven every little girl and that of our Church leadtemptation and evil. The time given other teacher nearly to tears? I think

ers, is that the hour is later than it us to teach the youth right principles it was Billy Sunday who said: "It is

has ever been before. Again with and right situational responses is just better to be 100 feet from hell headed

emphasis: There never has been a the same as always—too short. The away from it than 1,000 miles away

time when more has been demanded, time element increases the challenge headed toward it."No matter what

when more has been required, and that we, as teachers, have when we our students have done in their past, when more pressure has been exerted contemplate brightening the horizons or how meager their understanding of than that which is facing young people of those who come or are brought by the gospel, we can help them direct today. Never before has their time force or habit to learn from us. their actions in the right path. The

been at so great a premium. Never With this awareness that the time key to effectiveness in the classroom

August 1968 65 in stems from our genuineness as well Teachers may make two kinds out of class. as involveOur personal

ment and our concern for students are shown in such things as inviting of mistakes: forge through the lesson

students into our home, putting our no matter what, arm around the discouraged boy, attending sports events and cheering or succumb to distraction from the lesson.

for their team.

Elder Marion D. Hanks, in a general conference address in October chorister stopped me and, putting her When a student with angry words

1967, provided this admonition about arm around me, spoke kindly, "Jimmy, causes embarrassment and tension in youth: "How can we help them? We our Father in heaven loves you, and the class, this is his SOS for help.

can be more consistent in our lives. when we sing in Primary we are tellThis is where we and, if possible, other

We can provide a better example. We ing him how much we love him. Don't members of the class need to be his

can repent. We can obey the comyou love Heavenly Father?"That is all friends. Determining what is best

mandments of God. We can teach she said, but I still remember how I for him may require a special prayerthem."(The Improvement Era, Decemwanted Heavenly Father to know that ful summit meeting between us and

ber 1967, p. 67.) Yes, we can teach I loved him, so I started singing after our class officers, superintendent,

them, but not all our teaching can be that. Now I love to sing, and I give bishopric, or selected individuals who

done the same way. One of the most much of the credit to a teacher who we know will be willing to be helpful.

effective ways to teach comes through cared enough to put her arm around It is often the best thing for the personal involvement. a little boy who didn't want to sing class if someone dares to raise his

a little event in a voice in a question that we might conDo we really know what a few wellin Primary—just

chosen words can do to change the child's life, but it is indicative of the sider trivial or out of line. This may

attitudes and eventual actions of those influence a good teacher can have on be the same question others in the within our influence? Here is a specithose in her charge. class have in their hearts but are refic case in which personal concern by Now, how many young people do strained from asking because of anxiety

a teacher really paid off: we bring closer to the fold by our feelings, and could serve as material

In my boyhood in southern Idaho, concern for them individually? Few, I for a lively discussion that may really

a gimmick was used in Primary to am sure, unless we get deeper than be helpful to students. Are we one of

encourage everyone to participate more mere concern. We must be able to the guilty teachers who make sure

fully in singing. When this method view situations from the eyes of our that every word in the manual is quoted

was employed, we were dismissed to students. Do we listen to the records verbatim to the class, regardless of

go to our classes according to the row that the class members find so enterwhat the class may already know about or class that the chorister thought had taining? Do we go to any of the the subject? Was the subject made for

done the best job of singing that day. dances, ball games, plays, debates, man?

As an uncooperative Primary boy, I did festivals, or other activities that they Teachers may make two kinds of not want to sing, nor did I like to sing. are concerned with? Do we cheer their mistakes. The first is to forge through

However, I did like to be in the first wins and regret their defeats? the lesson material no matter what,

row to be dismissed. What about the student who ruins even at the sacrifice of time to answer

After several weeks of not putting the class for the teacher and everyone questions. The other is to be so easily

my all into participating, it occurred else? Realistically, though, who is distracted that if someone gets them

to me that by enthusiastically moving really at fault when a child is disruptstarted on their favorite subject they my lips, the chorister would think I ing a class? The easiest response is never come close to the lesson

was singing. I tried it and persuaded to blame the apparently unmanageable material at all. Church teachers need

others sitting near me to do the same. youth. But, as a matter of fact, we to be more studentoriented while at

Not realizing that people read lips, it must empathize with the child and the same time taking full advantage was much to my chagrin that my determine if the lesson is really of the subject matter that is to be row was the last one dismissed to go worthy of his attention. By "worthy,"presented. The worth of souls is

to class that day, and I felt we had the consideration is not subject matter great, and a teacher will surely be been unfairly ranked. but rather whether we are approachaccountable if he doesn't put forth

After Primary that afternoon, as I ing the lesson in such a way that we the requisite effort to satisfy and meet came charging out of the door on my are meeting the needs of the students, the purpose of his vital stewardship.

way home, the good sister who was including our troublemaker. He is the one charged by a calling

66 Improvement Era from a representative of the Lord to do that which no one else can do. He

is bound to have difficult days now and again, but they will be far fewer if he uses the time to meet student needs with the lesson material and not just pour out the gospel to vessels that are unprepared.

As teachers, we should increase our love for the scriptures. The scriptures

tell us of our duty to our class members: "And as all have not faith, seek

ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom....""Let him that

is ignorant learn wisdom by humbling himself and calling upon the Lord his

God...."(D&C 109:7; 136:32.)

The most effective lessons are those that are intended to leave students with one or two points well understood and not ten topics to which they have been introduced but with which they are not sufficiently acquainted to incorporate them in life. A teacher's

responsibility is to give the best possible lesson geared to his students'THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE needs in the time that is available.

the out what we findHow do naturally are?needs This most comes student LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS

from personal involvement and kin15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS ship to each class member so that 20% savings on selected titles

It a to at records books details and obtain on your how and or her. LDSwe will know him may

with be will they request; included percent sent upon of and savings 20 15 be..R E C Catalog inwith a card order. you to use your selectionsadvantageous when

formation about every student so that TESTIMONY OF HEBER J. THE REFINER'S FIRE PROPHECYKEY TO THE

we know who his parents are, how GRANT by Alvin R. Dyer FUTURE

many brothers and sisters he has, (reg $1.75) by Gerrit deJong$1-40 MEANINGFUL(reg. $5.95) LIVING$4.76 (reg. $3.95)by Duane S. Crowther$3.16

what he likes LIFE LOVE to do—hobbies, goals, ABOUT AND THE CONSTITUTION BY * Paul H - $2.40Dunnscholastic attainments. Griffin M.D.'s (reg '$3 -00) by Belnap & A THREAD

Sure, it will require a few more (reg. $2.95) $2.50 INTRODUCTORY by Richard Vetterli

hours from us, but it is worth it when LDS GAME BOOK 25oOFFERCdSh S<i (reg. $4.75) $4.03

Heaton by Alma HISCOMPREHENSIVE people teaching feel about can goodwe OF BOOK FOUR (reg. HOUR $3.95) $3.16 TORY OF THE CHURCH

a just rather teaching than DIGEST knowwe MORMON 1, Vols. 4, 5, 2, 3, 6, OF THE WEST OUT D. by John Hawkes

in B. H. by Roberts children ofclass ward. the When Lu Jones by Waite (reg. $1.95) $1.46

(reg. $4.50) each $3.60 (reg. $3.35 $3.95) fuss aBilly such creates in and comes

(reg. $27.00) set DISCOURSES OF THE $21.60

that the attention of the whole class THE FOURTH THOUSAND PROPHET JOSEPH

OF DISCOURSES JOURNAL SMITH YEARSis that he centered on him, we know index set with 26 Volumn by Alma P. Burton by W. Cleon Skousen

(reg. $69.95) $59.46is as attention and love starved for $4.50) (reg. $6.95) $5.56 (reg. $3.37

we draw him into the lesson. KnowTHE JOSEPH SMITH TEEN DATING AND BOOK OF MORMONRecords MARRIAGE differently. will reacting this, we STORYrecord

E. Petersen edition 7"records by Mark Compact by Covenant Recordings will in a focal placePossibly him we Special $34.95).750 (reg. (reg. $1.25) $27.95

(reg. $3.98) $3.18

point of attention by saying, "What of Arizona add 3 perResidents POSTAGE Billy, like, to pushdo it was you think tax. cent sales

per $3.00 send 10c all the United States across thea handcart way order or portion thereof. (Ex. $1.90 LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE

plains?"No matter what the student's order 10c; $3.25 order 20c) P. O. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

All Foreign Countries send 15c per Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world

August 1968 67 response is, we can, by effective quesLEADERSHIP tioning and looking right at him, draw from him comments that build the lesson rather than destroy the lesson

Deseret News Press atmosphere.

1600 Empire Road When we fulfill this responsibility of

Salt Lake City, Utah meeting students'needs, helping them 84104 to feel it is their class, then we are "catering"the gospel to them—that

is, making the gospel tasty, palatable, meaningful, and desirable. If what we

are doing is not for our students, then we should certainly make a serious evaluation of why we are going through the ritual of dispensing our own pearls of gospel wisdom. If, in

our evaluation of what we are doing, we find that we are lacking, we must not follow the paths of least resistance and quit; rather, we should improve

what we are doing so that our experiOur modern web offset equipment produces ence, as well as that of our students, over 1,000,000 magazines each month. will be worthwhile and meaningful.

With class time so short, a wise teacher is sensitive to the needs of his students and knows which needs only he as the teacher can meet during each class period. Knowing each FAMILY FASHIONS

AND HOME FURNISHINGS thestudentSpirit.helpsA teachermake itshouldn'teasier tobeheedlike

Look ahead to school wardrobes and fall home Nephi's brethren, who were so insensidecorating. Shop our newlyarriving collections. tive that when spoken to by the still,

Convenient payment terms arranged. Delivery in small voice they were "past feeling."

(See 1 Ne. 17:45.) A good clue is the

our wide delivery area north to Tremonton and student who lags behind the others

Richmond, south to Payson and Provo, east to when class is dismissed. Often this

Heber and Midway, west to Grantsville and Tooele. student needs some personal counsel,

Mail orders to Box 1465. and the teacher should give it to him.

By going beyond a simple concern for the outlined lesson and the class in general, he may find an understanding of students'needs beginning to develop; he is learning to "apply

the gospel."What a joy it is to hear a

State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401 student say, "You must have been

inspired! That lesson was just what

I needed today—it was an answer to

SEND FOR THIS cernmy prayer."will also Thisopen opennessto the teacherand conthe

Spirit that can give light and the direction. But remember, the teacher must

do the preliminary research. (A great

JEWELRY CO. deal of effective teaching comes from

32this See how amazing 42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 what others see us do more than from page book holds the key to SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

as your greatest success a parent.

Points the way to remove causes of harmful habits in children of all ages. If you want prompt, cheerful obedience while helping INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now.

Parents Association, Dept. 1978, Ptuunt Hill. Ohio. 45359.

68 Improvement Era what they may hear us say.) heaven, a loving Father who has sent "Train up a child in the way he should

As teachers, we are responsible for them to this probationary state to go: and when he is old, he will not

those charged to our tutelage. Can learn and to progress. To learn what? depart from it."(Prov. 22:6.) This is

we ever dare to say to ourself, "Oh, it To learn specifically what we as teachpart of our responsibility as teachers.

is just another Sunday School class; ers are charged by a calling to teach. Parents allow their progeny to be

they can't expect me to be interesting And what is that? To teach the guided by us for a few hours of their

all the time,"or "It is all right for me children "all that they must do to lives, and the time is almost too short just to read through the lesson for the live with him once more."Oh, the to accomplish our task. It is later

first time ten minutes before class time is short. It is later than it's ever than it has ever been before, but it is

starts. After all, they are just been before. not too late to teach with a purpose

children."children—childrenThat is theof ourpoint:Fatherthey arein andAs teachers,make classwe musttime domeaningful.our best, andbeen accomplishcalled to do.that which we haveO

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

"Above the catastrophies

is not often,"said Charles Henry Parkhurst, "that a joy reaches so

Itdeep a place in men's hearts as a sorrow does; defeat touches men

in a way that victory does not.... Everything is stamped with its

costmark."1 But among the most tragic of tragedies are those from

which there are no lessons learned. And so, besides all else, there should

be some earnest searching, and from that searching perhaps repentancerepentance if and where there has been too much of irresponsible permissiveness, too much loosening of law, too much of blaming things on others; too much forgetting of God, of leaving him out of our lives;

too much forgetting of his commandments; too little of living them. God

grant that in our searching we may never forget our dependence on

Divine Providence. "Righteousness exalteth a nation..."2—and we

shall not be exalted, indeed shall be laid low, without righteousness and justice, and without keeping his commandments. "And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain:... and taught them, saying, Blessed

are the poor in spirit; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are

they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek:

With Monday Zeal for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and

fit thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciBy Othelia Lilly ful: for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart: for they

shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called

She rinsed each thought before the children of God.";i God be thanked that "above the catastrophes

she hung it out of life... abide... the quietness and strength of his unfaltering pur-

1 this day—and always.to air before her neighbors, pose and wisdom and... grace,"

friends, or kin.

Clean ivas the wash of mind >CharIes Henry Parkhurst, Sermon on [President James A.] Garfield, Sept. 25, 1881.

they viewed or felt. -'Prov.r'Matt. 14:34.5:1-9.

She looked to the laundry of # "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia her oivn within. Broadcasting System June 9, 1968. Copyright 1968.

August 1968 69 To swing or not to swing is the question on this hot August day. Swings If you decide to lie in a hammock

and let your problems fade, in all fairness a gentle breeze should sway you to and fro. Some prob- &

lems need action in order to be Things solved, others require time, and still others are solved by merely swinging on a summer day. A

person needs to be alone at times, especially in hot weather. Crowds

and humidity and high temperatures seem to multiply problems.

Today's One woman may find peace in a

Family garden swing, another in swinging a golf club. Either motion soothes.

By Florence B. Pinnock One can discover solace from a

gently stirred cradle, in the swinging motion of a plane, a boat, a car, or a patio hammock.

Too many people feel guilty in repose. Constant motion seems to

be their aim. To be able to sit

down with hands relaxed is a talent to be developed, especially by an overworked mother of small children. Learn to unwind and savor

the moment. To really live is to

feel, and this can come in moments of repose.

The popular word "jogging"doesn't seem to fit in the heat of an August day. If one jogs, let him

do it very early or very late in the day. If mountains are to be

70 Improvement Era drained 1 tablespoon vinegar V4 cup Italian dressing Lettuce

Combine the first 7 ingredients. Chill.

Mix vinegar with dressing. Just before

serving, pour the dressing over the

Cook Cool on Hot Days saladon lettuce.mixture and toss lightly. Serve

Food can be prepared—and it Mandarin Salad

can be very palatable—without the

aid of a hot stove. As you swing onArrangegreens;welldrainedsprinklemandarinwith orangestoasted

and sway in a hammock and slivered almonds. Serve with French

stretch and relax on a patio, think, dressing.

cook, and plan your menus withDieter's Dressing out stress. Just mixand-chill is a (iy4 cups)

hot day's way of preparing a meal.

Try some of these cool treats for 1 canbroth(IOV2 ounces) condensed beef hot days and hot nights. 2 tablespoons chili sauce or ketchup

2 tablespoons vinegar climbed, let a full moon light the 1 tablespoon grated onion Creamy Coleslaw 1 ounce crumbled blue cheese way. If floors are to be scrubbed,

(iy2 quarts) Combine all ingredients. Shake wellwindows washed, gardens weeded,

and serve over green salad.

or errands run, let dawn and dusk 1 envelope onion salad dressing mix vinegar cup V4 the time.be should be a Summer tablespoons 2 water Quick Fruit Salad Dressing leisure, season of oil of hurry salad not one cup % (1 cup) cup mayonnaise scurry. % and iy2 pounds shredded cabbage

Even food preparation need not Vi cup chopped green pepper Mix 4 teaspoons instant orange breakfast drink let and 1 cup mayonnaise; send a mother to the kitchen for Add the salad dressing mix to the stand Stir 5 minutes. and serve over

hours on end. Planning done in vinegar, water, and oil as directed on fruits.

into blend envelope. Gradually the the can ready one day hammock

with the mayonnaise. cabbage Combine Soup on the Rocks the week's menus. lightly. Shopping one and green pepper. Toss

evening for 21 meals gives a feel- (3 or 4 servings)

Special Chicken Salad ing of security to the homemaker.

(3 cups) fromPour thecondensedcan overbeefice cubes.broth straightSeasonLeftovers meal, plus a from one

little ingenuity, can lighten the 2 cups cooked, diced chicken withof pepper.WorcestershireGarnish saucewith anda slicea dashof

halved cup grapes seeded lemon. Y2 forload the next meal. Early

celery diced cup y2morning preparation leaves food slivered cup almonds Frost % Tomato prepared 1 teaspoon mustardthe free for in day swinging the servings) or 4 (3 1 juice teaspoon lemon shade, with just a few minutes re- 1 teaspoon sugar salt 1 cup tomato juice Y2 teaspoonquired before dinner to get the of coarse Dash tablespoons lemon juice pepper 2 food on the table. 3/4 cup dairy sour cream iy2 tablespoons sugar

salt to taste Onion Perhaps August was made for Combine the chicken, grapes, celery, Dash of pepperone to discover himself. It is a and almonds. Blend together the 2 cups cold milkand cloves

salt, juice, sugar, lemon andtime in between—31 days to dream mustard,

pepper. Gently in the mix cream. sour Combine all ingredients and blend

dreams, to savor each relationship, Fold the dressing into the chicken with blender or beater. Sprinkle with

to look into your children's eyes mixture and chill well. nutmeg. Serve immediately.

and glance behind their words, and Duo Salad Pink Vichyssoise to find joy in being alive. All this (6 servings) (3 or 4 servings)

savoring of summer will add a twinkle to your own eyes and poundin bitesizeslicedpiecessummer sausage, cut canpotatofrozensoup, condensedthawed cream of erase the bags under them. It will Vz pound bologna, cut julienne style Vz soup can light cream

add a lilt to your step that will 1 cup diced celery 1 cup chilled tomato juice 2 tablespoons pickle relish, drained Seasonings to taste carry you into autumn with a glow V4 cup sliced green onions that will attract and an energy that 1 can (16ounce) pork and beans in In blender or mixer combine ingreditomato sauce ents. Beat until smooth. Serve immewill accomplish. 1 can (16ounce) garbanzo beans, diately in chilled bowls.

August 1968 71 Do You Work

Gazpacho (2 or 3 servings) Cool at the Office, 1 can condensed tomato soup 1 cup water 1 tablespoon olive oil vinegar tablespoons Swelter at Home? 21 clove garlic, minced

Graduate to Electric Air Conditioning Y21 cup finely chopped cucumber % cupcup finelyfinely choppedchopped greengreen pepperonions

Croutons Are you enjoying electric air conditioning on your job? Combine the soup, water, oil, vinegar,

in chilled bowls. Pass chilled

for Why—wherenot bringyou spendthat springtimemore of yourfreshnesstime. to your home Servevegetablesand garlic. Chill for at least 4 hours. crisp croutons and

SeeSee youryou electric dealer or air conditioning contractor garnishes.

now.now Kaye's NoBake Orange Cookies

Because it's electric, it's better! 1 can (small) frozen orange juice

Utah Power & Light Co 11 7-ouncesquare butterpackage vanilla wafers 1 package powdered sugar 1 cup chopped nuts

Crumb the vanilla wafers. Mix all ingredients together, form into balls,

and roll in coconut.

Kaye's NoBake Date Cookies

20 large marshmallows, cut in pieces 1 cup coconut 1 cup chopped nuts 1 cup dates, cut up 2/3 cup sweetened condensed milk (do not use evaporated milk) 1 cup graham cracker crumbs

Mix marshmallows, coconut, nuts, dates, and milk together; form into

balls, and roll in the graham cracker crumbs. If you double the recipe, you

can use the whole can of milk.

Strawberries on Stems

Wash berries, leaving the hulls and stems on. Chill. Arrange on individual

plates; pass a bowl of sour cream

and brown sugar to use as a dip.

Quick Birthday Cake

Frost one of the new frozen threelayer cakes with nocook fudge frosting and

COX'S DELICOUS decorate with chocolate shot.

CreamedMoney AidsIN USEin treatmentFOR OVERof 75simpleYEARSsore NoCook Fudge Frosting chocolate or unsweetened 5 squares in the one of the best U.S. throat and other minor mouth and 4 butter cup Y3

1 mapleflavored syrup cup throat irritations. CDX5 gift a speciality boxes sifted 314 sugar cups powdered

2 teaspoons vanilla (Write For Free Brochure) COX HONEY FARMS over butter Melt chocolate the and I Shelley, Idaho heat; and 83274 HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah very heat from low remove

stir in syrup. Beat in half of the sugar.

Add remaining sugar and vanilla; beat

a until few frosting Let stand smooth. WALLETS FIBERGLASS it If is conof spreading minutes. not leather with Salt Lake,Embossed Oakland

of water a sistency, small add amount BAPTISTRIES L. A.and or Temples. GreenRed Brown

construction. piece if it one is Moulded thick or too powdered morelaced stitchless. or

Installed. Easily 5 sizes. Economical. it if is thin. too O electric delivery. hot sugar Also, Prompt gas & Postpaid $7.50

Bensons Leathercraft water heaters, fiberglass spires 515 North Main, Farmington, Utah LITTLE GIANT

P.O. BOX 518 / 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE. TEXAS 77630CO.

72 Improvement Era Simply My Beautiful Sick-a-Bed Pillows

By Florence J. Johnson

Flowers, cheery letters, cards, and little thoughtful gifts are usually sent to friends who are ill. I have received them myself

and enjoyed them during lonely hours.

I have another way to cheer my ailing friends. I let them

know that I am thinking of them and wishing that good health would soon return with something a little different, something special. I send sick-a-bed pillows.

It started when a young friend was quite ill. She found it

difficult to sleep, and she tossed restlessly on her whitesheeted bed. Her favorite color was pink.

I found a couple of pillows, a round one and a square one, marked down because they were a bit shopworn. I took off the

original covers and put on new ones of washable material in a bright, rosy pink. The covers were zippered so they could be

laundered easily. They really made a hit.

"It was like sleeping on a pink cloud,"my friend told me later, when she was on the road to recovery.

From then on I shopped for pillows of all sizes and shapes, and for remnant pieces of material. I never give pillows shaped

like stuffed animals to be used as toys. Mine are practical

pillows to tuck under the shoulder, to sleep on, and to encourage pleasant dreams.

The materials I use are always light, soft, and dainty. Dark

reds and blues, bright hot orange, and purple are taboo, and prints are too busy. One cannot rest and relax if he is following

a design with restless, feverish intensity. Solid colors and an

occasional check or stripe are more restful.

An older friend was ill during the hot summer months. For A new, exquisite nightdress—with

the elegance charm, and modesty her I chose two pillows of a shade of green that was like a thick, all tradition. fashion ClasVoy's of Le

turfed lawn after a summer rain—cool and refreshing. Into her sically designed of rich, opaque tricot,

pillows I slipped a pinescented sachet. This is something I do overlayed with clouds of matching

only when I know my friend likes a particular fragrance. In the sheer. 100% Nylon. Pastel Pink,

closeness of a sick room, scents become cloying and distasteful. Lemon Yellow or Apple Green. No.

P, S, M, L. Throw pillows, I find, can be used after the illness as a 1541. Sizes—

decorative touch on the bed or on the davenport in the living $18.00

room with new covers matching the room's color scheme.

Are you at a loss to know what to give a friend who is ill? SeeLe Voy'sYour ConsultantLocal >'

Try sick-a-bed pillows. Mail Checkor or M.O.

Postpaid in U.S.A. J*W

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

August 1968 73 principles that he knew were right.

Even though a great portion of the country violently disagreed with him,

Lincoln fought, inspired, and was eventually killed for his unwavering commitment to what he saw was

right.

Lincoln commented on the reason for his decision in these words: "That

the Almighty does make use of human agencies and directly intervenes in human affairs is one of the plainest statements in the Bible. I have had

so many evidences of his direction, so many instances when I have been

The controlled by some power other than

I cannot doubt that Presiding Bishop my own will, that

I Talks to Youth thisam satisfiedpower comesthat fromwhen above.the Almighty...

About wants me to do, or not to do, a particular thing, he finds a way of letting me know it."

Lincoln was great because, as he stood "in the valley of decision,"he Decisions chose the right.

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg In The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, the Lord expects and requires that we constantly live by the # Some 800 years before the birth of with the ways of the Lord; but as each truths of the gospel. In a very real

Christ, the prophet Joel saw our time, stood "in the valley of decision,"he sense it's impossible to be a parttime with its attendant challenges. He saw failed to commit himself to following Saint. Youth of the Church, be not

that it was to be a period when "wickedthe Lord. involved in cheating in your activities

ness is great."He described our On the other hand, a commitment or disrespecting your parents. A persituation as a people in this way: to that which is right is the companion son cannot associate with practices

"Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of greatness. No man has ever bethat he knows are wrong, such as

of decision: for the day of the Lord is come content and successful without smoking, drinking, immorality, and

near in the valley of decision."(Joel first totally deciding to do that which dishonesty, and then conduct his

3:14.) was right. Church assignment with honor and

Joel's prophecy is certainly being A vivid example is found in the life dignity. This we would call hypocrisy.

fulfilled, for we are "in the valley of of Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln is now As we search the scriptures we can

decision."The challenges of our considered a great man; he is quoted see that the Lord respects and chooses

present day require that we be decisive and looked to as a symbol of courage men who are committed to that which and not drifting hither and thither and hope. Yet, in spite of his present they believe. A paramount example

between the "world's way"and the honor and fame, "Lincoln knew toil.... of this can be seen in the Lord's

"Lord's way."The Lord needs people He knew cold and hardship... want calling Saul of Tarsus into his service.

who have totally committed themand hunger... nature chastened him. Saul was a man impelled by his

selves to following him. Following the She taught him that she cannot be convictions. If he believed something

Lord requires total and courageous deceived, or cheated,... [and] gave was right, he was entirely devoted to

commitment. In fact, he has said, him an honesty of his very bone and it. No doubt he felt he was right in

"He that is not with me is against me."muscle."Lincoln could, in today's ridding the country of what he believed

(Matt. 12:30.) We can see the truth terminology, be very properly termed to be heretical Christians. His zeal

of this statement evidenced as we "underprivileged."Yet, though he in this effort was so intense that the

reflect upon Cain, Judas, or Laman. knew poverty and pain, he also learned author of the book of Acts described

Each of these men was wellacquainted what is right—and he accepted those his mistaken devotion with this strong

74 Improvement Era language: "And Saul, [was] yet breathself to living the gospel? Is it enough

ing out threatenings and slaughter just to know what the Church teaches?

against the disciples of the Lord...."Is believing that the Church is true

(Acts 9:1.) an adequate basis for a firm commitEven thougn Saul's commitment ment? Or is there something in addiwas to the wrong thing, the Lord tion that is required?

realized that if Saul were committed Possibly an examination of the to the true cause, his zeal would be ministry of Simon Peter, an apostle f just as intense. As Saul was journeyof the Lord, can help us answer these This year...

ing to Damascus in pursuit of the queries. Peter knew the Lord intiChristians, the Lord came to him and mately. He had associated very closelysaid, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest with him for three years. Peter had Be on the

thou me? confessed openly his belief and under-

"And he said, Who are thou, Lord? standing of who the Master truly was. Scene!

And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom Yet at the trial Peter denied his assoat every home game!

thou persecutest: it is hard for thee ciation with the Lord. And after the

to kick against the pricks."crucifixion, Peter, lost and dismayed,

And then without hesitation or dissaid: "I go a fishing...."(John 21:3.) I 10\NA STATE

belief, Saul asked, "Lord, what wilt It wasn't until Peter received the *.*,l"SfJ?football

thou have me to do?"(Acts 9:4-6.) His witness of the Holy Ghost and then

decision was immediate, and the rest consciously decided to commit himself of his life is a witness that it was to the Lord's work that he was able real. to courageously preach Christ Jesus in ",,c as

Saul's commitment to the gospel the house of rulers, in the streets, in nd,n9 champs.

made him a great missionary. These prison, or wherever. His total commitBYUI

EL PASO TEXAS AT indi26th to Timothy that evident at he wrote Pentecost and mentwords was October Saturday, game in this *>c|* rfSfti Plenty his his ministry. complete from then throughout commitmentcate how activmes Homecoming highlights which

was: "For God hath not given us the For us, the process of commitment

spirit of fear; but of power, and of is the same. We must gain the wit- o UTAH STATE l5Ulove, and of a sound mind. ness of the Holy Spirit as to the divinThe cZ";i sNr em **—

"Be not thou therefore ashamed of ity of the gospel, and then we must the testimony of our Lord, nor of me consciously and deliberately decide to series.

his prisoner: but be thou partaker of live by the principles of the gospel of ARIZONA STATE

16th November Saturday, is Christ. imafflictions step This final of according Jesusthe the gospel the in '68 favorites of the WAC as one Picked

ever. teams best 1:7-8.) isn't portant; an autoto the of the (2 Tim. God."power of a commitment one have Sun Devils

The world today is groping for men matic, isolated event. We can only

who have committed themselves to commit ourselves in a conscious and

SEASON TICKET RESERVATION REQUEST the truth to the degree that they do deliberate fashion. With Saul we must

not have "the spirit of fear; but of ask: "Lord, what wilt thou have me to Prices reflect a

of $2.00 Ticket Fieldhouse must carry out thepower, and of love, and of a sound do?"we Then off Office discountto the $7.00

University Brigham Young regular price. Lord. desires of themind."Provo, Utah 84601

The Lord's call to Saul indicates When a young man makes a stateEnclosed find my check for $.which

how the Lord desires that men and ment of righteous intention in the prescovers the following order for season tickets.

women commit themselves and then ence of his peers, he will by reason Please send..Chair Seat Tickets @ $20 ea.

are true to their decisions. This need of that commitment usually act.Bench.EconomySeatAdultTicketsTickets@ $15@ ea.$10 ea.

of a total commitment is also inferred accordingly..Economy Child Tickets @ $ 5 ea.

in this passage in Revelation: "I know Committing ourselves to the gospel Name thy works, that thou are neither cold isn't necessarily an easy process. Yet

nor hot: I would thou wert cold or you and I cannot become great in the.Zip hot. kingdom of God without so doing. As

"... I will spue thee out of my we now stand "in the valley of demouth."(Rev. 3:1516.) cision,"we must, like Joshua, firmly

Clip and mail How does a person come to the declare, "... as for me and my house,

point where he can totally commit himwe will serve the Lord. "(Josh. 24:15.)0 coupon todayf

August 1968 75 May 1968 Senator Kennedy had visited PresiFuneral services held at were

L. The Church dent McKay March 27. Farmington, Utah, for Amasa

Clark, 102, last survivor of the original Moves On The First Presidency announced

Primary class held in 1878. He died the appointment of Gordon M.

May 25. The banking and community Romney of El Paso, Texas, as presileader had served the Church as misdent of the Mexican Mission.

sionary, bishop, Scout leader, and stake Sunday School superintendent. New stake presidency: President

in the assassination of Senator Robert S. Perry Lee and counselors

June 1968 F. Kennedy. George L. Ward and Werner B. Moeller,

"His death under such deplorable Cannon (Salt Lake City) Stake.

The First Presidency announced circumstances is a tragedy not only to the appointments of R. Wayne an American family and to a political The First Presidency announced

Shute and Walter R. Bills as mission party, but to the whole of our great the appointments of Edward

presidents, with their fields of labor to nation. We regret the circumstances Yukio Okazaki, Robert E. Wells, and

be announced later. which have brought about his death Milton J. Hess as mission presidents.

at the very height of a prominent These are the fields of labor for all

Upon hearing that Senator career. of the new mission presidents recently

Robert F. Kennedy, presidential "We join with the rest of the nation appointed:

candidate, had succumbed to an assasin extending our sincere sympathy to Milton J. Hess, Australian West

sin's bullet wounds, President David 0. his sorrowing widow and the members Stephen L. Brower, ColombiaVene-

McKay made this statement: of his family and pray God's blessings zuela

"We join with a shocked American will sustain them in this hour of their Arturo Martinez, Mexican North citizenry in expressing our deep sorrow bereavement."Central

Exciting FREE from BERNINA! 50

to them sew Applique Designs and how interested machine... in a sewing Ifyou are

this ivill interest you!

For your inquiry on a quality Swissmade Bernina

Sewing Machine, you'll receive 50 exciting applique designs and instructions for how to sew them—Plus

a free full color brochure on the amazing new

Bernina Sewing Machine! Discover greater sewing

convenience with no more thread jamming ever, no more changing of thread tension—and now a true

stretch stitch that won't break or tear out. Discover

Bernina!

Serving you through dealers throughout the western area.

Valuable dealerships available for certain areas.

FREE FULL COLOR BROCHURE Send the coupon below to the address shown for a free copy of the 50picture, full color brochure that gives you the full story on the Bernina Sewing

Machine. No obligation, of course!

BERNINA IMPORTERS

70 South Orchard Drive North Salt Lake, Utah 84054 \ NAME I|

ADDRESS I| CITY STATE ZIP I|

Check here if interested in a dealership ]

76 Improvement Era Hal Roscoe Johnson, Brazilian North ribs and a broken wrist in the acciThe appointment of Sharon Lee

Edward Y. Okazaki, Japan (formerly dent. Mrs. Anderson, a native of Salt Staples of the Holladay (Salt

northern area of Northern Far East Lake City, taught with her husband at Lake County) 25th Ward to the general

Mission) San Bernardino Valley College, Caliboard of the Young Women's Mutual

Arthur S. Anderson, Central Atlantic fornia, prior to being called to the Improvement Association was anStates French Mission in May 1967. nounced. O

Walter R. Bills, JapanOkinawa

(southern Japan and Okinawa) Winfield Q. Cannon, West German

M. Elmer Christensen, Swiss

Wilbur W. Cox, California North Richard L. Evans

Peter Dalebout, Netherlands C. Leland Davey, Canadian The Spoken Word

Paul H. Dunn, New England

Warren Brent Hardy, Southern Far

East Consensus on young people with problems

Allen E. Litster, Andes

Arnold N. P. Roberts, Great Lakes the urgent question of law and order, and of young people

Gordon M. Romney, Mexican with problems, a panel of internationally eminent enforcement

1 that crime has R. Wayne Shute, Samoan Onofficers had these significant things to say:

Robert H. Slover, Korean increased 55 percent while the nation's population has increased 10 perMilton E. Smith, Central American cent; that there is about a 5050 chance that a person arrested for a serious

Dale T. Tingey, Southwest Indian crime will be under 18 years of age, and the greatest increase is among

William Stanford Wagstaff, Gulf those 14 years of age and under. Usually the die is cast on the side

States of criminality before the age of 14. It is shocking to absorb this shocking

Harold N. Wilkinson, Eastern States fact. About five out of every 100 persons between ten and 17 years of

Robert E. Wells, Northern Mexican age become involved in the committing of serious crime, as measured

by arrests—but 95 percent do not. The great preponderance of young

Holladay South Stake, 460th in people is not worse, but at least as good as, if not better than in former the current list of stakes, was times. We should neither overestimate nor underestimate the unrest

organized from portions of Holladay of youth. We should give it the meaning it deserves. The breakdown

(Salt Lake County) Stake by Elder of the family is among the most serious contributors to crime; juvenile

Harold B. Lee of the Council of the delinquency is evidence that a family is in trouble rather than just a

Twelve and Elder Eldred G. Smith, boy or girl in trouble. The number of offenders that come from broken

Patriarch to the Church. Marvin L. homes is far greater than the others. This is a known fact. (Our effort

Pugh was sustained as president, with is aimed at healing the family.) Most indispensable is a feeling of

Keith C. Brown and Dan Frampton as affection, a warm and pleasant home atmosphere, disciplined training,

counselors. wholesome outlets for the exuberance of youth, education and employNew stake presidencies sustained: ment opportunity, parental responsibility, and greater respect for living

President James R. Clegg and counand upholding the law. The rule of law is the cornerstone of democracy.

selors Alfred H. Bennion and Chad C. Unchecked, unrestrained, and lawless protest could tear down the foundaNelson, Millcreek (Salt Lake County) tions of civilization. We must look to our homes, ourselves, our

Stake; President Donald M. Ferguson character, our conduct; love our children more and not be permissive in

and counselors Weston F. Killpack disregard for law. Such are some of the conclusions of eminent proand Kenneth G. Bell, Temple View fessional men from five countries and three continents. It is true around

(Salt Lake City) Stake; President Merthe world, and reemphasizes what another eminent leader has said:

lin W. Sant and counselors John K. "No other success can compensate for failure in the home."-

Carmack and William W. Tanner, Los

Angeles (California) Stake. ] Quoted and paraphrased from panel of participants at Rotary International convention, Mexico

Mrs. Leola Seely Anderson, wife of Mass.;City, MayChief15,Leonard1968: G.ErwinLawrence,D. Canham,president,editorin-chief,International AssociationChristian Scienceof ChiefsMonitor,of Police,Boston,Inc.,

President H. Duane Anderson of the Hamilton,Sweden; Dr.Ontario,GerhardCanada;Littman,KurthPolizeiprasdent,Lindroth, deputy,Polizieprasidium,National DirectorateWest Germany;of Police,JudgeStockholm,Yorihiro

French Mission, was killed in an auto- -PresidentNaito, Tokyo,DavidJapan.O. McKay.

mobile accident near Bordeaux. PresiHt "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

dent Anderson received eight broken Broadcasting System May 19, 1968. Copyright 1968.

August 1968 77 Evils of Obscene Materials."I am diand individuals, and has proven very

rectly involved with the problem of effective. The board fortunately has

literature in the objectionable Province entered into a working agreement with Buffs and Rebuffs of Alberta, being of chairman the Adthree distributors wholesale whereby any visory Board on Objectionable Publicamagazine found objectionable by the tions of the Province of Alberta. board is removed from distribution by

On Censorship Our provincial government has set up the distributors. This working agreement

the board to serve with respect to comic has operated since 1959; and as a result,

I noted with great interest the article books, tabloids, and magazines. The over 170 publications have been with-

"Is Censorship the Answer?"[May] and board was originally set up in 1955. as a drawn from distribution here in the

the remarks of J. Edgar Hoover in "The result of pressure from various groups Province of Alberta.

The author of "Censorship,"Dr.

Dallas Burnett, says, "Genuine citizen concern is absolutely essential in fighting pornography."I can endorse wholeheartedly this observation, and illustrate

the result thereof by what has happened in Alberta. I might add that the board

encourages the public to forward for publications that they consider Richard L. Evans review

objectionable. also recogboard... The

The Spoken Word nizesand, therefore,the dangerweof haveoverzealousness,adopted a unanimity ride whereby any publication recommended for withdrawal must

To Finish.. havemembertheof unanimousthe board. consent of each

Donald V. Steele

Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada Forpletingyouth,school,it is a someseasondecidingof searchingto continueand decision,to furtherwith attainment,some com- I was pleased to notethe excellent covsome quitting before they acquire credentials. From the Master, erage afforded my message in your May

there is a meaningful reminder: "For which of you, intending to build issue,found andmy itcommentsis my hopeof thatinterest.your readers

a tower, sitteth not down first, and countest the cost...? Lest haply, J. Edgar Hoover, Director

after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that Washington,Federal BureauD. C.of Investigation

behold it begin to mock him, Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish."1 This suggests commendation to those who After High School What?

have finished what good thing they began, and encouragement to We have received many letters thanking those who have yet further to finish. There is special satisfaction and us for the article, "After High School

reward for the finishers. The opportunities are always less for the thoughtWhat?"that[AprilyouErawouldof appreciateYouth], andknowwe

undisciplined mind or the untrained hand. It is a time when men ing that it seemed to answer many quesshould acquire competence, a time when men need to know. In this aretionssampleand to quotes:serve a need. The following

Lovell, from woman Wyoming: A learning process learn that lives law. to Nature are we by And if we

". it I prayers. is an answer to our

live in a society, provident learn safe and that the process of law we.. a just doesn't son have which know who

is an absolute essential. Another lesson to be learned is the need for way to go, and I am hoping you can

our participating part in solving problems. Hamlet, in pondering his help."going toA girlstudyfromLDSKyoto,BusinessJapan:College"I am

problems, said: "The time is out of joint; O cursed spite, that I was ever next May. Can you help me place to

born to set it right."- We all were bom to set right what needs our fromstay andNewcostYork:for "Ieducation?"was inspiredA tomotherseek

efforts and what is within our reach. Another lesson to be learned is your office as a source of help after

the law of work that God himself gave. Another is not letting interrupreadingNebraska:my "Irecentneed Era."help onA studentwhat tofromdo.

tions keep us off course. Whatever intervenes, we should get back on Your article seems an answer to my

course, in the pursuit of competence, as quickly as we can. As educaprayers.""Please sendA usbrothermore information.from Guatemala:There

tion teaches men to think, to work, to accept responsibility with respect are several young men and girls here for law and the lasting values of life, it is worth all the endeavor, and planning."that need Ahelpstudentin fromtheir NeweducationalJersey:

money, and time it takes. Everyone should acquire alj. the wholesome "... it cannot be praised enough. It apknowledge, all the qualifying credentials, all the competence he can, ofpearedmost justvalue."at the time that it could be

with fullest possible preparation. "For which of you, intending to build Robert Spencer, Director

a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost"—and which of vou Educational Information &

would choose to fail to finish? Guidancefor LDS StudentsCenter

Provo, Utah 'Luke 14:2830.

-Shakespeare, Hamlet. Act I, so. 5. Cumorah Pageants

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 'the article "Early Cumorah Pageants"

Broadcasting System June 2, 1968. Copyright 1968. [June] and the accompanying illustra78 Improvement Era

FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

Peterson, Manti to A. Bent According I've receivedtions are excellent, and the "CORONA"in in the friends building of Temple president, fromfavorable comment

various areas. temple, small openings were left at GRAIN MILL

Dr. Oliver R. Smith designated places for the boom poles or for use with

Brigharri Young University tie poles of the scaffolding to run through wheat, corn, nuts, etc. adjusts Easily this building. into the the walls By

for fine at the placed scaffolding method, wasClams and Gravel grinding. or Newcoarse

right distance from the building and #1CTSP mill with finer plates $10.95 grinding check. for the so safe for workers. steady and made When very much youThank

East of Rockies postpaid. the the building that completed promise and standing was a when haveWe postage. add $1.00

Mamma sells a story, the family goes scaffolding removed, the small openings grinding plates for oldFiner out to dinner. So we went out, all eight were filled with pieces of stone. #1C mill $1.95 postpaid.

of us, to a clam dinner. There was President Peterson also chided us for wheat whole grind your own Stone left of gravel a load over to buyenough using the Arimistakenly the photo of

... see, the mill So driveway.for the you flour AllGrain our the with baptismal with font Temple Era zona

spreads joy in all directions. Manti Temple article. Here is the corVirginia M. Kammeyer rect Manti Temple font:

Seattle, Washington

Strength to Missionaries, Members

We see your names monthly and think about the good work you are doing in sending us the inspiration and motivation that is contained within the Era. I

didn't ever realize how valuable it was until receiving this mission assignment.

The magazine is a great strength to the members and to the missionaries. We

appreciate the effort and time that go into preparing each monthly copy.

President George I. Cannon, mill flour electric If to an plan buy you

British Central Mission. ready best. have them the buy We

information! for ship.. Write more "Menus for Missionaries"to.

Manti Temple for Family, the [Today's Thanks menus planning. help As French slice your own beans March] andI recently visited the Manti Temple and in meal

noticed there are numerous spots on the missionaries with little time for meal temple exterior that seemingly were preparation, we found the recipes helpmade for very small windows, but that ful. We tried the idea of planning our

now contain a stone in them instead of weekly menu, and it saved us both time glass. Can you tell me about this? and money.

Kathy Christiansen Sisters Kienitz and Gilmore

Hooper, Utah New Zealand Mission

Slices beans lengthwise (french cut)... works beautifully! Tenderizes and

makes delicious frozen beans, fine quality... $5.75 postpaid

Kernel Kutter

Folk Tale

By Maureen Cannon

My village, like a sleepy tortoise, blinks,

Bewildered by the sudden summer cries

Of tourists in pursuit, and, trembling, shrinks

And wishes it tvere half its tiny size—

In June, that is. By August, coffers filling Cuts all kernels with one quick stroke!

ear's Fits all size With guidebook gold, it's rather more than willing or canning table. use.. perfect... 100%for freezing,stainTo play the game and murmur no complaint. less steel! Only $1.50 postpaid.

There's not another village quite so "quaint."Write for special quantity church prices

Send orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335

August 1968 79 By Margaret Tuttle Goff

Tightlipped, they strain and wrestle with a land Thirsty and parched beneath a blazing sky;

Worn with despair, exert a prayerful hand To tilt their buckets where the corn is dry.

Through Sabbath hush, there rings a prophet's word:

"Will man rob God? Open your

hearts and give!

Give, and bring tithes, with contrite souls and stirred,

And rain shall come—your corn,

your crops shall live."

Ah, does the Lord give promises in vain?

Through the ensuing days of drought, each shows Triumphant trust, till skies flood black with rain, And each heart's cup of gladness overflows.

He who ivas spent in dusty thirst and grief Can iveigh this precious harvest of belief.

80 Improvement Era NewEngland Leadership in theRise and Progress 01 tile dhUrCll By Gustive O. Larson

"Vermont, you know, also has a claim upon Brigham They helped create the New England backgrounds from

Young."The speaker was the governor of Vermont, who which not only came the Smiths and Youngs, but also

was in Utah for a governor's conference in 1947. He most of the early converts to the Church who moved

might have made the same claim on Joseph Smith, in west across the continent.

whose footsteps the Mormon colonizer faithfully folThe considerable number of these converts and their lowed. dominance in the progress of the Church created ties

Brigham Young was born at Wittenburg, Vermont, with the New England states that continue to this day.

and a statue of him is in the Statuary Hall, Washington, Beyond environmental factors in its origin, Mormon-

D.C., representing the state of Utah. A marble shaft, ism claims divine intervention in the restoration of the

rising high about Joseph Smith's birthplace in Sharon, Church of Jesus Christ. Nowhere was the stage set more

Windsor County, Vermont, serves as a shrine for today's perfectly for the drama of the restoration than in the members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday "burnedover district"1 of western New York in the

Saints. These two sons of Vermont are worthy repreearly decades of the nineteenth century. Here a reform

sentatives of New England leadership, which dominated movement was in full swing with its search for commuthe rise and progress of Mormonism in America. nitarian Utopias and millennial fulfillments. Religious

Seven of Joseph Smith's forefathers came to America revivals stirred the souls of men to repentance and to on the Mayflower in 1620; three of them signed the inquiry after the true word of God. Here a modern

Mayflower Compact. Several of the ancestors of Joseph prophet could rise with a message and a program to satSmith and Brigham Young served creditably in the isfy the longings of seekers after truth and those dissatisAmerican Revolution. The names of others appeared on fied with current religious creeds.

pioneering rolls, in public office, and in the ministry. It was in this setting that the Prophet Joseph Smith

made his startling announcement that God had spoken anew from the heavens. The religious questions of the

Gustive 0. Larson, high priest group leader in the Oak day were given definite answers in modern scriptures;

Hills East Stake, Second Ward, associate Sharon and religion professor of history at Unievery worthy male convert became a responsible agent and Brigham Young versity, is a former Swedish Mission president and author of the kingdom of God through reception of the Holy of several Church books and lesson manuals. Priesthood; and salvation emphasis shifted from sectarian

repentance in preparation for the life to come, to

August 1968 81 achievement of heavenly rewards for righteous living Some 21 of the 29 menhere and now.

Those male converts to The Church of Jesus Christ in the Church of Latterday Saints who were ordained to the priesthood felt called to share the message of the restoration with relatives and friends and to warn their neighbors against the day of Christ's coming. branches were grouped into three geographically defined

Soon after its official organization at Fayette, New conferences, including the areas of Vermont, Maine, and

York, on April 6, 1830, headquarters of the Church was Massachusetts. While New York, the state of its birth,

moved to Kirtland in eastern Ohio. In July 1831, Jackcontributed the greatest number of converts to the

son County, Missouri, was designated as "Zion,"to Church during the 1830's and 1840's, New England as which the modern Saints were encouraged to gather. a whole roughly equalled that number.

From these two centers, proselyting was extended with In 1835, when the Church organization had develconsiderable success through Ohio, Pennsylvania, the oped into its present general pattern, 26 men occupied middle and southern states, and Canada. But nowhere places of trust in the First Presidency, the Council of the

were Mormon missionary labors rewarded as they were Twelve Apostles, and the presidents of seventies. In

in New York and New England states. It was natural addition, there were a patriarch and two bishops. For

that converts from western New York should return with our purposes we are using the membership of the First the "good news"to friends and relatives in Vermont, Council of the Seventy as it functioned after April 1837.

Connecticut, New Hampshire, Maine, or Massachusetts. These 26 men are listed in the top chart at the bottom

While sporadic contacts had been made earlier, it of this page.

was in 1832 that four stalwart native sons returned to Eight of the leaders that are listed were natives of

New England to open that region to Mormonism. Orson Vermont, six of Massachusetts, three of Connecticut (to

Hyde and Samuel Smith labored in the area cast of the whom might be added the Pratt brothers, whose parents

Connecticut River, while Orson Pratt and Lyman E. came from there), three of New York, two of PennsylJohnson proselyted between the Connecticut and the vania, and one each of Maine, Tennessee, Indiana, and

Hudson. The following year Pratt and Johnson recorded New Hampshire.

baptizing 50 converts, and John T. Boynton and Jared Before Joseph Smith's death in Illinois nearly a decCarter had similar success in Maine. Soon more than ade later, several changes had taken place in the top

two score congregations of Latterday Saints arose withranks of the Church. Brigham Young, by virtue of

in 150 miles from the Connecticut River Valley. seniority, had advanced to the presidency of the Council

In 1835 the newly appointed Council of Twelve of the Twelve Apostles. Twelve of the original leaders

Apostles moved in a body through New York into New had dropped out, and eight of those who replaced them

England, preaching and organizing the scattered units were of New England stock. The revised leadership

for more effective administration. The numerous included those in bottom chart below.

Names Places of Birth Heber C. Kimball Vermont Presidents of Seventies:

Orson Hyde Connecticut Joseph Young Massachusetts

Presidency: William E. McLellin Tennessee Levi W. Hancock Massachusetts

Joseph Smith, Jr. Vermont Parley P. Pratt New York James Foster Indiana

Sidney Rigdon Pennsylvania Luke S. Johnson Vermont Daniel S. Miles New Hampshire

Frederick G. Williams Connecticut William B. Smith Vermont Josiah Butterfield Maine

Oliver Cowdery* Vermont Orson Pratt New York John Gaylord Pennsylvania

Quorum of Twelve Apostles: John F. Boynton Massachusetts Salmon Gee Connecticut

Thomas B. Marsh Massachusetts Lyman E. Johnson Vermont Bishops:

David W. Patten New York Patriarch: Edward Partridge Massachusetts

Brigham Young Vermont Joseph Smith, Sr. Massachusetts Newell K. Whitney Vermont

Hyrum Smith Vermont Wilford Woodruff Connecticut Lyman Wight New York

William Law Canada George A. Smith New York Amasa Lyman New Hampshire

John E. Page New York (New Hampshire) Henry Harriman Massachusetts

John Taylor England Willard Richards Massachusetts Zera Pulsipher Vermont

82 Improvement Era who in 1835 held prominent positions were from New England.

Upon learning of the Prophet's martyrdom on June York, but he had Connecticut ancestry. The Perpetual

27, 1844, Brigham Young, who was then on a mission Emigrating Fund Company, successful agency in assistin New England, quickly sensed his responsibility as ing over a hundred thousand Mormon converts to head of the Council of the Twelve. That body, before emigrate to Zion, was organized and officered by 15

returning to Nauvoo, issued its first communication to men, of whom 11 were natives of New England.

the Church from the city of Boston on July 18. Back Most of the Church officials played important civic

in Nauvoo the council was sustained as the presiding and political roles during the years of Utah's provisional authority of the Church, with Brigham Young at its and territorial government. It was fitting that John

head. Henry Smith, grandson of Patriarch John Smith of New

As part of the general reorganization, the new leader Hampshire, should preside over the convention that appointed Parley P. Pratt in December 1 844 to supervise wrote Utah's state constitution in 1895, and that Heber

Church affairs in the New York region, and Ezra T. M. Wells, descendant of a popular Connecticut govBenson, native of Massachusetts, to take charge of the ernor, should be elected as the first governor of Utah.

Boston Conference. After leading a number of the Saints Notwithstanding its distinctive origins, the Mormon

west to Nauvoo the following year, Benson became a village reflected certain influences of the New England member of the first company moving out in the exodus community life. The ward bishop and his congregation

of 1846. At Council Bluffs, he was ordained an apostle. were the basic unit of community development, just as

The Church in America now included 5,000 English were the pastor and his congregation in New England.

converts. Also, many others, responding to the message Local government and social activities were governed byof the restoration in America, were adding substantially religious leaders. Like the Puritans, the Mormons could

to the gathering stream pouring into the Great Basin readily convert the congregation into a civic body to beyond the Rockies. But in the accounting of the first enact local laws and take measures for the general welyear's arrivals in the Salt Lake Valley in 1847, New fare. Both represented theocracies in which government

Yorkers ranked first in numbers and were equalled by and religion were influenced to varying degrees by the combined representation from the New England calvinistic austerity.'

states. Forty of the original pioneer group of 146 adults The New Englander's frugality and resourcefulness

were born in New England. There was also a good found voice in the revelation given to Joseph Smith:

sprinkling of New Englanders in the Mormon Battalion, "Thou shalt not be idle; for he that is idle shall not eat

which marched as part of the U.S. forces in the war the bread nor wear the garments of the laborer"(D&C

against Mexico. The invitation for 500 Mormons to 42:42), and in Brigham Young's "every man should

participate as a battalion in the march to California have his land measured off to him for city and farming came in response to the efforts in Washington of Jesse purposes, what he could till. He might till it as he

C. Little, a native of Maine, working closely with others. pleased, but he should be industrious and take care

Other New Englanders rose to Church and civic of it "3 leadership in the days before Utah achieved statehood The considerable number of New England scholars in 1896. When the Mormons applied for statehood in who rose to leadership in the restored Church found

1849 under a constitution largely formulated by New themselves at home in the Mormon environment, where

England lawmakers, they elected Almon W. Babbitt, modern revelation related learning to salvation.

lawyer from Massachusetts, as delegate to Congress. Nowhere was the Puritan emphasis on education better

Lorenzo Snow, born in Ohio of Puritan parentage, beexpressed than in these Latterday Saint teachings:

came an apostle and later successor to Wilford Wood- "A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge"ruff as President of the Church. (Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 4, p. 588);

Erastus Snow, from Vermont, and Franklin D. Rich- "It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance"

ards, of Massachusetts, also rose to apostolic leadership (D&C 131:6); "Whatever principle of intelligence we

while engaging actively in civic affairs. Daniel H. Wells, attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurmayor of Salt Lake City, superintendent of public works, rection"(D&C 131:18); "... seek ye out of the best

and counselor to Brigham Young, was born in New books wrords of wisdom; seek learning, even by study

August 1968 83 and also by faith."(D&C 88:118.) liams recognized this darkness when he said, "There

Such religious teachings bore fruit at an early date, is no regularly constituted church of Christ on earth, for just as the New Englanders produced their own nor any person authorized to administer any church primer in 1690, so came the command to W. W. Phelps ordinance, nor can there be until new apostles are

and Oliver Cowdery "to do the work... of selecting sent by the head of the church, for whose coming

and writing books for schools in this church, that little I am seeking."(William Cullen Bryant, Picturesque

children also may receive instruction...."(D&C 55:4.) America [1872], Vol. 1, p. 500.)

From that June day in Kirtland, Ohio, 1831, primary Two hundred years later Ralph Waldo Emerson interest in education characterized the Latterday Saints echoed Roger Williams'confession by saying, "and now in Missouri, in Illinois, and in Utah where, during the it is my duty to say to you that the need was never first winter, two schools were maintained for the pioneer greater for new revelation than now;... men have come

children. And just as Harvard University grew out of to speak of revelation as somewhat long ago given and

New England's thirst for advanced education, so two done, as if God were dead. The injury to faith throttles

universities were established at an early date in Utah the preacher; the godliest of institutions becomes an

to train teachers for a rapidly growing school system. uncertain and inarticulate voice."

Results from this religious philosophy appear in Utah's God called Joseph Smith, the American Prophet, to high educational accomplishment in relation to a relafill this spiritual vacuum. Through this New England

tively low supporting ability. They are also reflected in youth, in whose honor the granite shaft now rises high

Utah's commendable record of continued pursuit of above Sharon, Vermont, the Church of Jesus Christ education into higher levels of learning. was restored in its fullness on April 6, 1830. Under the

Mormon leaders shared with those New England leadership of the Prophet's successor, Brigham Young, cofounders of U. S. government a deep reverence for the Church was led into the West to become a base from

the United States Constitution. Said Joseph Smith, which the gospel message is being carried to all the

"... the Constitution of the United States is a glorious world. Other New Englanders accepted the challenge

standard; it is founded in the wisdom of God. It is a to investigate the message of the restored gospel and

heavenly banner."{DHC, Vol. 3, p. 304.) This reverfound in it the more abundant life on earth and the way

ence for the Constitution kept the Mormons loyal to the of salvation beyond. In return, as they dedicated their

United States even when they were driven from its lives to God's service, they contributed much to the confines by irresponsible mobs. It kept them in the progress of the Church. O

Union when the southern states urged Utah's secession FOOTNOTES in defense of the principle of states'rights. 1 So called by Whitney Cross in his book by that title because of the

2George In view of such common factors, it was not surprising intensity of recurring religious revivals in the Finger Lakes area.

States and Canada,S. Ellsworth,18301847""A History(unpublishedof the Ph.D.L.D.S. dissertation,Missions inUniversitythe Unitedof

1951). Berkeley,that the principles of the restored Church of Jesus Christ California,

is included 3Cowdery of "assistant position his temporaryshould appeal to New Englanders. These early Church and here because of his close association with Joseph Smith

in the demonstrated was well 4This president."Mormon reformation in 1856. See

leaders were challenged to investigate the light of truth Gustive O. Larson, "The Mormon Reformation,"(Utah Historical Quarterly,

that flashed into their spiritual darkness. Roger WilJanuary&Wilford1958),Woodruff,p. 58. Journal, July 25, 1847.

Mockery

By Thelma Ireland I lust rated by Turk Evans

Five sea gulls frolic with the wake. They swoop in rhythm as in song.

They chase the whitecaps as they break. They stay aloft the whole day long.

They dip, they dive, they soar, they glide, I think that they are mocking me,

They circle downward to one side; Who has to ride a ship to sea.

84 Improvement Era IS YOUR FAMILY PREPARED? "... since 1830 there had been

a growing tendency for all Christian denominations toward simplification and convergence

Wheat is for man. Retain the valuable nutrients lost through other milling methods.

Use the wheat you now have stored and save money while enjoying better tasting, more nutritious food.

BUY AN ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL TODAY Now available: High protein wheat for

use or storage.

For full information, write:

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL Dept. E P.O. Box 115

Tremonton, Utah 84337

Openings available for full or parttime sales representatives.

\C!hvi/.

I T LAKE OGDEN COTTONWOOD G&zem

These Times

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

the original swiss Effective September 8, 1968, 1968. The reports were widely Delightfullyinstant: SanoCafwholesome

ceremonial in the Roman Catholic circulated in the press thereafter. cereal beverage; no coffee,

mode of worship is to be simpliAs reported, the Pope announced caffein, chemical additive.

fied and will aim at attaining a that "thrones"for the world's 160 cup size 2.79

"halo of light and purity."The Catholic bishops were being cartonpostage:of 4carton of 4—.1.10 10.50

announcement was made by Pope abolished, the vestments worn 80 cup size 1.55

Paul VI from Vatican City June 25, will be modified, and the number carton of 6 8.70

postage: carton of 6—-85c

Utah residents add 3V2% sales tax

ZCMI HEALTH FOODS - Salt Lake

August 1968 85 The announcement moves "the of worship away from of fourth centuryMUSIC COMPANY influence

VISIT OUR NEW HOME of persons assisting a bishop in guages at the University of

We mail choral, organ, celebrating mass will be reduced. Utah and a vigorous member

vocal and piano music all A glance at history will place of the Sunday School general over the world. these changes in perspective. By board under the superintendency

Since 1913 Beesley's have the time of the twentieth century, of Elder David 0. McKay. In his

represented one of the two different opinions concerning later years he also served as worlds finest pianos. "church"and "worship"were president of the Argentine Mission

"MASON & HAMLIN"widelyworld. Bothevidentopinionsin theclaimChristianscripandFrenchthenMission.as president of the

For all your musical ture as authority. One view holds His lifelong interest in the

needs contact Beesley Muthat Jesus Christ established, in history of the Christian church is sic Company. his lifetime, a definite church expressed in three consecutive

with a code of doctrines, laws, volumes entitled "The Divine

NEW ADDRESS beliefs, and authority for its Church: Down Through Change, 65 South West Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 government. The other argues Apostasy Therefrom, and RestoraPhone: 3646518 that he gave no set forms or systion"(Vol. 1, 256 pages, pubtems of discipline or government, lished by the Council of the

but that he taught the gospel as a Twelve, 1951; Vol. 2, 200 pages

means of religious and moral inplus 1 page appendix, ibid., 1951;

struction; that where two or three and Vol. 3, 305 pages plus 2-page

would gather in his name for map, ibid., 1951). These three

worship, there would he also be, volumes constituted the course and so forth. of study for the Melchizedek

Section 20 of the Doctrine and Priesthood quorums for the years

Covenants, the great section on 1952, 1953, and 1954 respecchurch organization and governtively. It was Dr. Barker's feeling,

ment given in April 1830, advised expressed in my presence on

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery many occasions, that since 1830 that the Church was to be "reguthere had been a growing tenlarly organized and established dency for all Christian denominaagreeable to the laws of our tions toward simplification and

HELP! country."(Verse 1.) The spirit convergence respecting organizaThis is when your insurance man underlying the mode of worship tion forms, doctrines, beliefs, and

for you. To make has to to work go

will, he's was outlined as follows: the mode of worship. Were he sure sure he make now

an independent insurance agent. "The elders are to conduct alive today, I believe his comis to serve His job you first when the meetings as they are led ments on the announcement of

indehelp most. We're need you

pendent agents. Call us any time. by the Holy Ghost, according Pope Paul VI would run strongly

to the commandments and revelaalong such a line.

tions of God."(Verse 45.) Dr. Barker, with many other

Probably the most thorough scholars and encyclopedists, reguLatter-day Saint student of the orilarly pointed out that the form of gins and development of the early Christian worship after the fourth

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. Christian church was Dr. James century, under the influence of

General Agents, Salt Lake City L. Barker, for many years chair- "Caesaropapism"(as Dr. Barker

man of the Department of Lanstyled it), was molded to the form

86 Improvement Era Roman Catholic mode doesPopemorePaul'sthan announcementmove toward simplification and the "halo of the cultura light and purity."It also appears

Roman government. toof worshipmove theawayRomanfromCatholicthe culturalmode

influence of fourth century Roman government. As such, the Pope's

announcement and the changes and style of the basilicas, or the effective September 8 may be royal public halls of the Roman expected to exert a similar influempire. As described by one ence throughout western Christenencyclopedist: dom.

"The basilica was generally in The bishop's throne becomes, the form of a parallelogram, with states the press, "simply a chair."

a semicircular apse at one end, The baldachin or canopy over the Somedesigns50 instyleswhiteincludeand latestall L.D.S.parchments.temple

which was raised, being apthrone is abolished (unless it Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other proached by a semicircular range happens to be a work of sacred accessories. One day rush order service.

of steps. In the center of this artistic value). The bishop will

apse was the raised seat of the put on his vestments in the quaestor or other presiding magissacristy or, if necessary, at his Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded trate; on each side, upon the steps chair or at the altar. The veston first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

were places for the assessors, or ments will no longer be placed on REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 those engaged in the business the altar. Name -

being transacted. In the front of The practice of priests genuAddress

the apse was placed an altar, flecting before the bishop is City. Zone, Stale -

where sacrifice was performed abolished. The lavabo, or washing

before undertaking public busiof hands by the bishop, will be THE MOST JOYFUL ness of any importance. The area administered by acolytes and not

of the building was divided by two priests. (The washing of hands in DAY OF YOUR LIFE

rows of columns, the central religious ceremonies is very anFree from division or nave being the broadcient and characterized Hebrew tedious detail est.... worship. Readers of this column

"In such a building as above who have held the office of priest described, the whole congregain the Aaronic Priesthood, and tion of the faithful (after the who have served in the adminispersecuted Christians, in the time tration of the sacrament of the of Constantine, emerged from Lord's supper, will recall from their meeting places in upper their youth an approximation of a rooms and catacombs) could meet "lavabo.")

and take part in the act of worThe prayers of preparation ship. The bishop naturally took for the mass are abolished. The

the place of the quaestor, the bishop may omit wearing his miter priests that of the assessors. The or carrying a staff in moving from

altar on which the pious pagan one place to another, and he will poured his libations at the comnot use the miter during the mencement of important business lavabo or while spreading incense.

served equally well for the celeThese changes, joined with the ofWe charmprovideandthe elegancegracious intouchour bration of Christian rites. When in earlier authorization to conduct personalized assistance with your

the course of time the separation Roman Catholic services in the reception arrangements.

between laity clergy and rather than became local language in CRESTW00D VILLA complete, the off Latin, apse was railed than ordinary carry more and appropriated to the use of interest for the modes and man6505Salt LakeHighlandCitv, DriveUtah the clergy...."ners of worship in these times. Phone 2789291

If no answer, call 4876116 or 4858880

August 1968 87 End of an Era

All missionaries fail to enjoy "Mother's in the hospital,"The greatest thing in family one great experience: Their explained the sixyear-old boy life is to take a hint when a

parents inevitably "grow up"when a neighbor called, hint is intendedand not to while they're away, and they "and me and Daddy and take a hint when a hint isn't miss witnessing the transition. Georgie and Margaret and the intended.

—Verge Young, Thornton, Idaho twins are here all alone."—Robert Frost, American poet

While tracting in a small The peace for ivhich the world

Michigan city, my companion longs is a time of suspended What a good thing Adam had:

and I contacted an old man hostilities; but men do not When he said a good thing, he

it before.living in a quite dilapidated realize that peace is a state of knew nobody had said

house. During our conversation existence that comes to man—Mark Twain, American humorist

with him, he asked where only upon the terms and our church was. My companion conditions set by God, and in

replied, "We haven't got a no other way. You can't pick a lock with a

chapel built here yet, but—Elder Howard W. Hunter pickle, you can't cure the sick

we hope to in the near future. -with a sickle, pluck figs with a

drive pigs figment, with a the of headquarters ChurchThe with the Joneses up Keeping pigment, nor your watch make in City, Saltare Utah."Lake passing but enough, is bad can't tick with a tickle. You old bewildered, lookedThe man is worse. a hill on them gait gaiter, slacken with a your said, that's "Well, son,then

a mite too far for me to travel you can't get a crate with a each Sunday!"Planning ahead: Learning the crater, catch moles with a

—Elder I. B. Crockett, words of all the hymns molar, bake rolls with a roller.

Great Lakes Mission before getting so old that But you can get a wait you need glasses. from a waiter!

Nothing in the world is foolproof—T. Kirkwood Collins—Sunshine Magazine

as long as there is a fool.

As Scoutmaster of the Manavu "I'm sure you will like Jack,"Ward troop, I was suggesting Life said the oldest daughter, just possible summer camp trips. One

home from college. "He's a fine Among Scout, when asked where he

young man.""Has h'e got the would like to go, continually

any property?"demanded her Mormons stated he wanted to camp behind

father. "Oh, you men are the chapel. Thinking he was

so curious,"sighed the girl. joking, I passed it by. But

"Jack asked me the same thing when he insisted that this was about you."really where he wanted to

camp, I asked him why.

"Because,"he replied, "I've been

Adventure is not outside"a man; taught all my life to stay close

—Davidit is within.Grayson—Rodneyto the Church!"McClung, Provo, Utah

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

88 Improvement Era Ride The Hot One

Hottest Brand Going 1968 Continental Oil Company

Ride The Hot One...CONOCO...

for top quality products and service throughout the Rockies!

When you Ride The Hot One...you ride with the best...in everything

from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... when you RIDE THE HOT ONE...CONOCO...HOTTEST BRAND GOING

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

... When a young man has received his misThe moment that WaS planned for

sion call, his girl can share that great moment with him. But for a father there can be the deeper satisfaction of knowing

that the moment of happiness had been anticipated, and that a special Beneficial Life policy has been building the cash

1 reserve to enable his son to fulfill the obligations of his mission. A great moment TTXTTTTTrTAl THR

for any family especially when it has been planned for.. o/nmmnce(S\ {jomm/iu

Virgil H. Smith, Pre* Salt Lake City, Utah