/MmprouementlEra

JANUARY, 1944 I HOSE red points are precious. Make The use of meat "extenders"is practical

them go just as far as you can. Let your gas and patriotic. By combining meat with

range help save them. "Low temperature"other healthful foods, you multiply the

meat cooking, for example, performed at food value and still retain the meat flavor.

300 to 350 reduces shrinkage as much as When you buy a roast, try the recipe shown 14... gives you several more slices... below. Here's a dish that's nutritious and

saves delicious juices... saves gas, too. economical. Your family will surely like it.

SHOULDER OR BREAST OF LAMB

Select a shoulder breast or weighing 3 to 4 BREAD STUFFING pounds and have it boned. Use stock. bone for

Wipe meat, sprinkle inside pocket with salt and 3 cups soft bread crumbs 1 tbsp. crumbled sage leaves

stuff. pepper, and Roll and together sew edges tsp. sail V2 size 1 medium onion fasten or with skewers. surface with Rub salt and tsp. Vk pepper Va. cup butter, melted pepper and dredge slightly flour; with place in

roasting or pan rack in pan. open in Roast bread a Mix crumbs, seasonings onion. and Add 300 oven allowing minutes 45 per pound. Serve butter slowly, tossing lightly with a fork until hot with brown gravy from made drippings and blended. cups. Makes 3V2 stock 6. from bones. Serves

BUY WAR BONDS NOW A New GAS RANGE Later MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Offices in Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES I IN WAR AND PEACE ft (IS rztec PRISONERS OF WAR

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

TheprisonerAztecofpracticewar to oftheirsacrificinggods ex-a plains a phase of the conquest of

Mexico which is otherwise difficult to understand.

Typical of the SpanishIndian battles are those described by Bernal Dias del

Castillo, a warrior who served underCortez. YOU'RE RIGHT, BOBBY!

And at this time a squadron of three thousand Tlaxcaltecas suddenly appeared ingreat fury. They commenced to shoot arHere's Why—

rows at the cavalrymen who were together.

this arrived instant with At... we of nourishment Honey WHOLESOMEartillery, riflemen and and crossbowmen our THE

scarce, rationed Bee Grahams supplements...little little retreat. to they began by

And in that encounter they wounded four foods in the diets of children and grownups.

of us and it seems to me that a few days Five Honey Bee Grahams with a glass of milk died. sincelater the of one wounded And of the milk! nutritive value the actually double

it shelter, late, did took but they was we a too. are so delicious, Bees Keep Honey not And killed offollow them. Seventeen them were

and a few were wounded. generous supply on hand. Their ovenfreshness

The smaller number of Spaniards is sealedin.

killed in each encounter with the InCAPf76.

GRAHAMSfcyPURITY

SPANISH AND AZTEC WARRIORS

dians can be partially attributed to the

Spaniards'use of horses and superior arms and armor, but an additional decisive factor was that the Indians did not strive to kill but rather to capture.

Success in battle was judged in terms, not of the number killed, but rather the number captured. An Indian soldier's

advancement in rank was determined by the number of men he had captured.

Proof of this practice is the nottoo- wellknown fact that Cortez was captured three times by the Indians, and each time his own men closed in and rescued him from them.

The fate of the captured Spaniards is described by Bernal Dias:

And now we mention how every night the Mexicans (Aztecs) made great feasts Highest Current Dividend and sacrifices at their main temple in Rate

Insured to $5000 Savings their cursedTlatelulco. They sounded priviLiberal Withdrawal sea kettledrumstambour, trumpets, and leges

shells, and gave many shouts and outcries. Resolve to Save Regularly

bright lights kept theyAll night and large "TIMETESTED FOR 38 YEARS"fires. sacrificed they our companions Then

to their cursed Huitzilipochtli.

Joseph E. Ejar,

President interested the Aztecs been more Had FEDERAL E. Carr, DESERETin killing capturing, the than ASS'N. conquest AlexSecretary SAVINGS AND LOAN

would, no doubt, have happened, but it 44 SOUTH MAIN would have been a longer chapter.

JANUARY, 1944 f\adio J>e ne5

A. JohnElder

of the Widtsoe moroveTHE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCEent in council of the twelve will begin a series of radio talks on the regular Sunday evening JANUARY, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 1church radio program

January 2, at 9:15 p.m. "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

over KSL. HeMWT, Improvement Priesthood Quorums, Mutual of the Official Organ

Albertsucceeds Elder of Education, Committee, Music Associations, Ward Department

E. of the counBowen of Christ Jesus of the of Church Agencies Other Teachers, and

cil of the twelve, who Saints. Latterday

series, hisclosed "Constancy Amid Change,"26, 1943. %*ytearon December

With hope once more swelling in Jke Lcover theeverywhere,hearts of thefree bellsmen will the reaturei of Lkurck Year New life dream, as a"Our this ring again once stream, as time aOur 11 Greeting First Presidency's The assure to year humanswiftly away,Glides Greatest ity in that Need the World's Faith coming in Christ—The fugitive the moAnd

rise will 12 year mankind David O. McKay ment

the of heartbreak from the and Reconciliations: Evidences Was LXXIV—What to stay."Refuses

Purpose of the Deseret Alphabet? John A. Widtsoe 33 preceding years to a

THEthe runningsand, reminderlow of Moroni Looks Down on a Priesthood: Melchizedek 40 boundlessclear visionhorizon—ifof his

of time's passing, World at War, E. Cecil McAaronic 42 man will learn to live

brings an inevitable Gavin 6 Ward Teaching 43 with man in comradethoughtfulness to each The Word of Wisdom and the NoLiquor-Tobacco Column..41 ship and affection.

- 44 Music Problem, year's the Hyrum J.of Food at us

several years'After 45 7 Genealogy Smith year's theending and silence, bells the great 46 Mutual Messages 30 Church The photoMoves Onbeginning. The of rung England were

this ofgrapher Janufirst for the time on is subjectary cover 15, 1942, November Lambert.Harold M. after the AfriNorth jreaturei J>pecial

"O that each in the can victory. Free men

day Lehi's River Laman.Ariel L. Crowley 14 throughout the world

Of his coming may Looking Toward the Day of the Savior's Coming hope that the bells will say, Levi Edgar Young 16 never be silenced that but rather fought 'I have my way 18 again of Office "Disabled"War Information silver their will tones through; Richard L. Evans 20 Square Temple from Spoken Word ring evermore gladI finished the The have 24 R* of Eliza XI Diary Pioneer Snow—Part tidings. work

Thou Books Prisoners of War, Charles didst"give me to Aztec do.'1 Homing: Better Grammar; in 28 * E. Dibble

Exploring the Universe, FrankFive Minutes, K. Thayer.—34

lin S. Harris, Jr 3 Handy Hints 34 Executive and Editorial

Editors Telefacts 4 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. Offices:

- 35 Street, North 50 Main Nichols of V. L. Lambkins, Story The J. Gront Heber

Artist Salt 36 1, City Utah. Lake Quickchange a Be 8 Strong Widtsoe John A. You, Revile Shall of Attitudes Religious Noted Men When Copyright 1944 by Mu38 Beauregard 10 Strong Ann Editor M. Leon Men, W.Managing tual Inc., Funds, Cor- a 39 the P. from Camps Endure, George News Things That L. Evans poration Richard of the Young

- 52 Advertisers to Index 23 Barber Men's Mutual Improve-..58 Puzzle.. Scriptural Crossword in Church- a Country Reveries EditorsAssociate Association of the ment 64 Ours and Page 29 Your yard, Mack.. Minta Josephson C. of Jesus of Church Christ Marba

William Mulder Latterday Saints. All

rights reserved. SubscripGeneral Manager tion price, $2.00 a year,

George Q. Morris Lditoriats in advance; 20c single

Associate Manager To My Host of Friends Heber J. Grant 32 copy.Entered at the Post

Lucy G. Cannon Objective for 1944 William Mulder 32 Office, Salt Lake City, A New Year's Resolution Marba C Josephson 32 Utah, as secondclass

Business Manager matter. Acceptance for

John K. Orton mailing at special rate of

postage provided for in National 1103, Act of OcAdvertising Storied, poetry section Representatives authorized tober, 1917,

Francis M. Mayo, Eulogy of the Bell Rhea H. Wakeling 19 July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake City Ben's Chimney Baby - Jean Moore 22 The Improvement Ero

Edward S. Townsend "I Take Thee"Rita S. Miller 27 is not responsible for unSan Francisco solicited manuscripts, but

45 Glady's Quayle Warning, Covecontributions. Doctrine & welcomes Bolle Frontispiece: and Dougan

- IreCrow, Thelma Cock's 4:3-6 9 The nants and Chicago All be manuscripts must 61 land 26 Page Poetry New York suffiaccompanied by

Member, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

mmmJL fixpl&rinq

ORDER WHILE

THEY'RE AVAILABLE VICTORY By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. BONHAM

HPhe late Professor Florian Cajori esGARDEN

A tablished that developed the $ from CULTIVATOR from 5 a small written above a p with it, used as the Spanish abbreviation for F.O.B. Factory

pesos. The change to the $ sign was THE CULTIVATOR WITH THE TOOL BAR

made about 1 775 by EnglishAmericans Makes gardening EASIER and BETTER. Shipping weight 18 lbs.

Ideal for individual projectswho had trade relations with the Spanneighborhood. versatile Anor extremelygroup...toolChurch...ishAmericans. is not The sign in outstandingor found for number and ease of adjustments.

includes STANDARD one EQUIPMENT 5-prongprint until the beginning of the nineweeder, one 10inch turn plow and one sweep.teenth century. Tools interchangeable. tools available Other on

Al(-e!ectric welded construction;

shank; todl bar and4The Russians are now growing many request. and reinforcedallsteelhardwoodframe,

handles steel and bushing for long wearing hub life A different naturally colored cottons. assure long and service. dependable

At present they are growing auburn, blue, dark green, emerald, dark brown, and khakicolored varieties of cotton.

The color fastness of the naturally colored cottons is reported to be better than the best artificial dyes.

4 ORDER NOW—THE FROM* DIRECT ORDER St. 222 17th SouthBONHAM West Salt Lake CityCO.4, Utah effect of rolling pitchingTHE and on Please send Cultivator. Model THE New C MANUFACTURER A the is human organism to increase (or) D. Send C. O. OR ASK YOURthe use energy. of rough sailsea the On check or enclosed. order % money O OR HARDWAREors require fifty to may up percent more NURSERY DEALERenergy, measured in calories, than on a NAME Money Back Guarantee sea.smooth

+ ADDRESS.

Datulin, a moldproduced drug, is the latest hope in treating the common cold. Of British naval personnel treated,

fiftyseven percent were completely cured in two days compared to about ten percent recovering without treatment. A patulincontaining inhalant

has been found effective in treating nose and throat infections. The drug is cheap

and easy to make.

4 Tn the bedrooms in certain parts of

China about half the floor space is occupied by the kang, a clay platform two feet high, placed against the wall with an oven below to warm the bed in winter.

HPhe use of explosive rivets, in large "* scale production, instead of the usual "blind"fasteners has increased the riveting rate by about five times. The

newest method of exploding the small charge in the rivethead is from the heat developed by an electric current induced by short radio waves.

T aying hens when given injections of ["* prolactin become brooding biddies, and roosters so treated change their ways and begin to cluck. Prolactin is

a special hormone of pituitary origin.

4 For variety, try **m with '"Phe rate of evaporation of water honey, jelly or preserve*.

A varies widely, depending on altitude, latitude, temperature, and other PANCAKE AND factors. In the Lakes region Great the GLOBE WAFFLE FLOUR is rateannual from fifteen to twenty

(Concluded on page 4) JANUARY, 1944

TEIEFACT

DECLINE OF AUTO TRAFFIC MARCH T\ /TV - /TV, /TV /TV i

MARCH

- /TV /TV /T AL /TV igm$i%*5*Gr*w.mp

MARCH

i

Each symbol represents 20% of March, 1941 traffic

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION PUTTING

SUNSHINE EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE inches per year, in the intermountain were sold during the first year after INTO CANS ( Concluded from page 3 Cixtyfour million pairs of nylon hose region between the Rockies and the nylon was made available on May 15, thirtyranges, Sierra between Nevada 1940. always been had SOMETHING

eight sixty inches. In the center and of our ordinary lacking in most of +

foods, even milk. People didn't the Imperial Valley in California over ""Pall, thin boys and girls have the

it, scientific realize until however, eightfoot of would depth water an A highest rate of toothdecay of any

D, the discovered Vitamin men in year. average evaporate one Under of in States, persons the group United this vitamin. "sunshine"put Nature directly conditions evaporates snow restudy Dr. has a Massler by Maury if in vitamin few any common melting the rate without at one of to vealed. it foods. intended Apparently was

that we get it from sun's rays shintwo inches of water equivalent a month.

bodies. ing our on lenses directly placed to be that established research has not *Co life to indoor and wearBut due the eyes invented were by /ontact next to vitaacid or pantothenic any extrafar ing clothing, people weren't heavy 1827. in hair to Herschel, return diet will in the gray getting sun. there min enough Wasn't

a way to put this precious vitamin, its original color.

essential to the building and mainTn World War I, when threatened * taining of bones, teeth good and British with the shortage, a food govlife-span increased be human may inHpHE to inexpensive widely used, some bellglass intensive ernment took up * years, experiments to on 150 up food? fields farming. covered were Whole at C. Professor animals by M. McCay imwas way A in these vessels; glass bellshaped with found—tested, indicate. fed University Rats Cornell perfected. ten ago, years proved and field glass quarter of million a one a diet, unvitamin-rich lowcalorie but a enriched sunwith could be Milk

bells, lettuce, each of with acted a head til irradiation. to shine corresponding to age they Vitamin were by an D

Ultraviolet rays, like sun's rays, 3035 years with human beings, were as so many small hothouses.

could be electrically produced and smaller but had storedup immunity to 4 to shine uniformly a flowon made in drilled the first oil well heart, lungs, diseases of the to canwas ClNCE and irradiamilk. film That's of ing

in rats *-* the food, the given Pennsylvania 1859 cer. Then, United more it tion, creates Vitamin extra and D

in the milk. grew in size and vitality and lived to States has produced nearly twice as

Sego Milk Products Company iman average age comparable to a human much oil as all the rest of the world mediately recognized this opportunbeing's 150 years. combined.

ity to provide an extra value to the public. The company immediately

installed irradiating equipment, and for the past ten years every drop in every can of Sego Milk has contained an extra amount of precious TEIEFACT sunshine Vitamin D which babies and children must have for proper development of teeth and bones which adults should have to keep teeth and bones sound and strong.

SEGO

MILK A Utah Pioneer ONE FIFTH of all U.S. Manufacturing Capacity

WILL BE GOVERNMENT OWNEDSego Milk Products Company

Originator of Evaporated Milk by the End of the War in the Intermountain West Home Office: Salt Lake City, Utah PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

stillp like new. Dad

It's a fact, John Deere Tractors continue to they are not limited to any one fuel. They can

run like new even after months of hard, conuse successfully practically any fuel available tinuous service in the field. There's a reason in their locality. John Deere Tractors are dein fact, several reasons. signed especially to burn the lowcost, more

First of all, they have only two cylinders. powerful fuels, thus permitting their users to

Their operating parts are larger, sturdier. All conserve gasoline for wartime requirements

in so doing, save money. important bearing surfaces have extra wearing—and

areas to withstand dayin and dayout grueling John Deere Tractors are again in production farm work. They are designed from radiator—not in quantities you and we would like, but

to drawbar to stand up under the heaviest in sufficient quantity to help maintain and, farm jobs. They are built to take it. we hope, increase the volume of food required

John Deere Tractors are simpler—have to meet the highest goals in the history of our

fewer wearing parts, fewer operating parts. country.

They are so simple that many adjustments It's mighty important to conserve your trac- (shop adjustments on many tractors) can be tor and other farming equipment—farm maquickly, easily, and accurately made on the chinery is still hard to get—but, if new equipfarm by the tractor operator. ment is needed, see your John Deere dealer

Another mighty important reason for the now.

dependability of John Deere Tractors is precision in manufacture. The men who built Take Advantage of This Service

these tractors talk about clearances as fine as 1/10,000 of an inch—exactness of fit that you yearsWhileof yourtroublefreeJohn Deereservice,Tractorthewilltimegivewillyou comeextra

expect only in the finest of automobiles. when its performance will no longer be at its peak.

Deere close a local to have fortunate by John are You the most field operation in by Safeguarded factorytrained dealer know who with precision, this devices, protective modern prohas dealer to from who Deere your John A Z—amechanics rugin design simplicity and with to facilities renew combined equipment and vided shop

gedness of construction, insures the longer the power and pep your tractor once had... to keep

life and lower upkeep costs for it working like new.

which John Deere Tractors are lowcostTake fullservice.advantage of this comparatively

famous.

Fuel rationing is no problem with

John Deere Tractor owners because JOHN DEERE, Moline, Illinois

JANUARY, 1944 MORONI cLooki dclovun upon a PATCM ru

World at War

By E. CECIL McGAVIN

first great general Nephite who Thebore the the led "Moroni"name armies of his people against the

Lamanites nearly a century before the birth of Christ. He it was who rallied

his people in a defensive war when the hosts of the Lamanite warriors came against the peaceloving Nephites.

The historian has said of this engagement and the spirit with which the

Nephites went forth to battle:

... the Nephites were inspired by a better

cause, for they were not fighting for monarchy nor power but they were fighting for their homes and their liberties, their wives and their children, and their all, yea, for their rites of worship and their church.

And they were doing that which they felt was the duty which they owed to their God;

for the Lord had said unto them, and also unto their fathers, that: Inasmuch as ye are

not guilty of the first offense, neither the second, ye shall not suffer yourselves to be slain by the hands of your enemies.

And again, the Lord has said that: Ye

shall defend your families even unto bloodshed. Therefore for this cause were the

Nephites contending with the Lamanites, to defend themselves, and their families, and their lands, their country, and their rights,

We are sensitive to the anxsist in conserving critical repair andYearstheir laterreligion.another(AlmaMoroni,43:4547.)the cusiety any farmer must feel about parts during the coming year. todian of the sacred records of his peohis 1944 program, knowing that ple, witnessed a vast nation go forth to

AllisChalmers dealers are war from which not a single Nephite reagain he will have to rely largeready to check your farm equip- (Concluded on page 37)ly on old machinery, and will ment now.Worn orbroken parts THE ANGEL MORONI MONUMENT, BY TORLIEFhave to produce more than he

ever did before in one year. should be repaired or rebuilt to KNAPHUS, AT THE HILL CUMORAH

conserve new parts whenever The added strain on farm possible, and new parts used equipment the past year resultonly on machines that cannoted in a demand for repair parts far heavier than normal. Many be repaired in any other way.

of these parts require the same At AllisChalmers we serve scarce materials as war maon two fronts simultaneously..

chines. In some cases, enough war materials and farm equipfor both is not immediately ment. Our work on neither can

available... and we all know be relaxed for an instant. Every

which must come first. repair part, every farm machine

We believe that farm equippermitted by our allotments, is ment owners, aware of this fact, being built and will be available will voluntarily and gladly asfor seasonal use.

flUISOMLMERSTRACTOR DIVISION - MILWAUKEE, U. S. A.

THE WORD OF WISDOM AND

THE FOOD PROBLEM

/j. J>mltk; M.A. By Miyrum.

And, again, tobacco is not for the body, neither for the belly, and is not good for man.... (D. & C. 89:8.)

Manychurchtimeshavethesaidleadersto us ofthattheif we would live the Word of Wisdom we would prosper. During the recent depression we were told that adherence to the Word of Wisdom would

bring economic prosperity. Now we

are at war and we find that the country is short of food. It is not so difficult to quires an amount greater than most

see what our leaders meant when they other standard crops. Let us compare

told us that the gospel would bring tobacco with wheat, which is the "staff prosperity. of life."For an acre of ground, tobacco

Many ask the question, "If there were takes 45 pounds more nitrogen, 115 W7E HAVE an excellent potash, 57 pounds pounds and more opportunity for an lime. wheat will make PLANT FOOD REQUIREMENTS OF more many The

AGRICULTURAL CROPS* loaves of bread and give a great deal of aspiring octopus to serve (Pounds Per Acre, Harvested Crop) nourishment. On the other hand, the at our front desk. In fact,

tobacco has no food value; the amount if he has several ambithat in small beneficial is so used ways x o sisters brothers and it is that tious insignificant. also say Experts

Z Crop "Sa it too, for 2 5 use them, crop rotation. place in has no we can

in total In acreage the tobacco 1940 a hotel these days running

Q, Q. acres. States N 1,404,350 United was 3 the is that sided job a many in milithe writer a southern was When 45Alfalfa 4 47.0 175 150 Tons 185 requires 12 superBu.. 500 35 44 33Apples Ft. he often McClellan, Alabama, tary camp,

Bu. 100 60 30 30Beans of the that food supply noticed most efforts. Bu. 20.0 20 44 human 20Buckwheat 35 40

blueKentucky the north. days from For came

grass. at a Even without an octonot furnish the quartermaster could 20I TonTons 13524 338 13031......67 10.0 timeCabbage

22.0 25 100 85 70 TonsClover (Red)....2 best fresh milk because with our we're pus, our doing company

14.0 21 42 115 Bu. 85 75Corn to there people had. be none The was 50 100 130 138Cotton Ton tradiserve with to you y2

25 16 Bu. 60 60 65Oats cotton 12.0 of and tobacco grew Alabama

20 54 Bu. 78 25 90Peas service tional Utah Hotel raised vegetables not and and many 15 85 57 50Peanuts 1 Ton

9.0 if 5 35 125Potatoes Bu. 160 300 hospitality. But strain the which and cows. very few With

Bu. 24 12 52 40 35Rye transportation 8.0 the has placed upon war 35.0 Bu. 60 125 60 25 40Soybeans measometimes we don't

7.0 14 2 50 20 60 TonsTimothy it facilities important doubly becomes

150 105 25 65 stanTonsTobacco to peacetime \y2 sure up states of for those the which people 8.0 8 25 Bu. 60 35 35Wheat

Plantfood in root growth not included. grow tobacco to grow more of their dards, we humbly ask

the carried railroads food. In 1939 understanding and your

4 *Source: Edmund leaf of carloads tobacco. 74,948 On the patience.Wiley Inc.. NewL. Worthen,York, 1941.FarmpageSoils,96. John 6 Sons,

carried 183,213 the railroads other hand, potatoes,"product a of which carloads sincerely you Thank industry, could tobacco emno how we spring. in last the east get to hard was all in the engaged ofploy men I now cooperation for your if is elimthat point tobacco were Thethis the with work; do what would we inated transportation be would made raisefarms, to and what do would we either carry available or to some foodthe receive taxes from which now we

essential other product which would It isthis this intent of source?"the

article to answer, in part, these quesequal about onethird of the potato croptions. in one year. We could eat the food and

tobacco the burn become healthy—we of the a study table By accompanying

it. suffer from and

plantof requirements find food that we if million half the a Surely and onethe plant tobacco heavily draws upon not acres and of tobacco grown were soilthe it for nourishment that and food, substantial land to rethe put growing we could increase our food basket tremendously. The tobaccogrowing

states are povertystricken, and many of the people who live in them do not have proper food to eat. Could we not blame

tobacco for this? Would not the people

of the south live better if they had bet- (Concluded on page 61

Agricultural Statistics 1943, United States Department of Agriculture, Washington, D.C., 1941.

mid. mid.

JANUARY, 194.4

Jke S>tom or LAMBKINS

Strong, Executive, V. L. By Let Us Help Keep Council, Teton Peaks

Your Farm Equipment HPhe BeaverBoy ScoutsPatrolofofAmericaTroop 12, Am-

A mon, Idaho, Teton Peaks Council, was on the second day of its outing.

Lunch was over, the camp work comIn Fighting Trim pleted, and the boys were all eager to do something. Following the suggesIn the final analysis, food will contribute greatly to the tionoff towardof the thepatroltopleader,of thetheyhill, startedwhich

winning of the war. Thus, the production of food is probtowered over their campsite. About

ably the most important task facing our country today. onehalf mile from camp there was an

open place where they discovered deer

That's why it is particularly important now that farm tracks.

machinery be maintained at top efficiency. "Care Suddenly one of the boys heard a

saves wear"—is the fighting slogan to help you win. faint sound. "It sounds like a lamb,"

Those on the farm front are performing heroic service he exclaimed.

in producing the products of the soil and in helping to "But there aren't any sheep here,"keep farm equipment in fighting trim. one of them replied.

"Yes, there's a trailherd up the

Let us suggest that you consider how much easier the road,"said the patrol leader. "I can

right lubricants can make your job. Our Vico line see the sheep camp, and the herder has

ranges from chassis lubricants and cup grease to track stopped for lunch."

roller lubricants. We have designed this line so you Meanwhile the boy who had spoken

may have the right lubricant at the right place at the first started in the direction from which right time. the sound had come. Suddenly he

jumped over a clump of sagebrush and

Ask our products distributors, or stations and dealers to stopped. A young lamb hiding there

tell you of our special offer on farm lubricants. Your tried to run and ran blindly into the

scoop to boy. managed standing He needs with caught up can be handled on one call—because our line is it others the as up, just complete. days a few only lamb him. was The

it to carried the sheep camp, boys The said, "I haven't herder the any Utah Oil Refining Company old.but

lambs that young in my flock. A large

herd went by here two days ago, and the lamb probably belongs with it. I'd

advise you to take the lamb back to *> Ta %& camp with you, otherwise the coyotes will probably get it."

The Scouts decided to take it back to camp and see if they could feed it.

After trying to get the lamb to drink some condensed milk mixed with warm water from a pan, the Scout who had found it decided to try something different; he took a branch from a nearby

it. sizes in diamewere different They ***& nG$ tree and cut four circles of bark from tofitted the circles ter. He carefully

gether inside each other, thus forming a funnel or nipple as it turned out to be, eontact bandand boundhe happenedtogetherto withhave. anHeelasticthen

placed the bark nipple over the round

Gentlemen: Bums, Ore. outlet of a small syrup can, into which

he had poured the milk and water mix-... The Era has been among our greatest missionaries in this ture.

great outof-doors country. Being far removed from neighboring Apparently teaching a starving lamb

Saints, it comes with the spirit and power always manifest in the to feed from a nipple is much simpler than teaching him to drink from an assemblies of the church in the pioneerwrought temple grounds. open pan, for the lamb devoured the

Roland S. Davidson meal in record time The next problem was how to get lamb rations out

here on this camping trip far from home.

READ 'THE.IMPROVEMENT ERA"REGULARLY A vote was taken and each member of

50 North Main the patrol agreed to give up his share milk be the condensed that would Salt Lake City 1, Utah $2.00 a year of

friend. to feed the necessary newfound

(Concluded on page 51)

i\V,) Si ".M:m#3 9s.. V:: H (i::hiiiiii|vll

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

if ye have desires to serve God ye are called to the work; 3herefore,

For behold the field is white already to harvest; and lo, he that thrusteth

in his sickle with his might, the same layeth up in store that he perisheth not, but

bringeth salvation to his soul;

And faith, hope, charity and love, with an eye single to the glory of God, qualify him for the work.

Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence.

cJJoctrine and Louenantd 4:3-6

JANUARY, 1944 THE

IKeliaioiA,$ Mttltnaed OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

hillips Brooks, renowned preacher, has a presentday message for p us:

Bad will be the day for every man when he becomes absolutely contented with the life he is living, with the thoughts that he is thinking, with the deeds that he is doing.

When there is not forever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do something larger, which he knows that he was meant and made to do because he is still, in spite of all, the child of God.1

Emerson, thought by some to be the outstanding thinker of his day, was also devout as indicated in this from his many writings:

The Creator keeps his word with us. All

I have ever seen teaches me to trust him for all I have not seen.

Oliver Wendell Holmes said:

I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving; to reach the port

of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it—but we

must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.

You've had your share of worries lately... what Sir William Bragg gives a rational

point of view as one scientist sees with shortages and soaring prices, saving 'points'reverence and faith:

and stretching pennies... it's a fulltime job just There are some who think that science is

inhuman. They speak as though students

to keep your family clothed and fed. of modern science would destroy reverence

and faith. I do not know how that can be

Then there's the weekly wash. More than likely saidpresenceof theof studentwhat seemswho tostandshim todailybe thein theinfinite. you're doing it yourself. And now—the last,

in the that gathered slowly which wisdom can't always get your favorite is stored. the of In this ages a constraw—you Science is not so foolish as to throw away 2 she is

conservatives. servative of laundry soap!

President Emeritus Eliot of Harvard

It's hard to be patient about these things. But University was requested to choose a

please believe that the makers of FelsNaptha ofmottoCongress.for the Thisentranceis whatof hetheselected:Library

are doing everything they can to keep you He hath shewed thee, O man, what is supplied. Working day and night good;thee, butandtowhatdo justly,doth theandLordto loverequiremercy,of

at it. If your grocer doesn't have and to walk humbly with thy God.8

FelsNaptha Soap in stock today J. Edgar Hoover, head of the F.B.I.,

has said: he will have it soon. So I would like to see every boy and girl replease keep on asking. ceive adequate religious training. Sunday

Schools are natural competitors of Reform

Schools. If they were overcrowded and

the teachings promulgated therein were exemplified in everyday life, organized criminality would face its Waterloo.*

iGeorge E. Gfbby. The Spirit of '76 (Caxton. 1939).

p. 116 Ibid., p. 178

FELSNAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"lThe8MicahInstructor,6:8 January. 1941, p. 15

10 'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GREETING

FROM THE FIR ESiDENCY

in this conflict. revere which approaches guiltless the prolong will not those hold day we who God

the for to of peace. birth longing earth he the peoples are of of hearts the worldONCEhonormoreof the him who came The

sacrifice redeem created, to that would be the had greetings, Saints the to our our everywhere We bring that the death mortal by the Adam broughtman from the spiritual Fall. blessings, prayers that our have and they may

He came to fulfil the law: "For as in Adam all die, even so strength to live righteously before the Lord. We likewise

in Christ shall all be made alive."greet and remember all those who seek to walk in the ways

His coming, his Messiahship, his atonement for Adam's of the Lord, whoever they are and wherever they live.

transgression, his death and resurrection, were foretold by We are all God's children; we are all blessed with his love

the prophets from the beginning. He himself in the generaand by his mindfulness. We all have a common brothertions of the earth before his mortal birth, declared to his hood, for we have the common Fatherhood of God.

servants on earth the divine plan, the purpose of man's We remember especially you servants of the Lord, the creation, the destiny of man, and his own divinely appointed bearers of his priesthood, who are in the armed forces of and ordained mission. His prophets since his earthly life the world. We plead with our Heavenly Father that he

have again and again proclaimed him. His prophets in all will be with you to buoy you up, to give you comfort and

ages have given to the people the gospel plan which not the strength to resist temptation and to live righteously. We

only saves but exalts all who live it. ask him to increase your faith day by day. We urge you

that his protecting care to pray be with you may is the that testimonies Jesus again add our own We ourselves hour. every preserve to bless and pray God alwaysWe of the in the deed, the of veryChrist, Redeemer Son God

trials, suffering, hardships, in your your your to help you that Resurrection, Fruits the First of him theworld, by and through him all mankind will be saved from the mortal you to face whatever eventuality may await you with that that servants to with courage which knowledge and come ordinances that the todeath, obedience and laws and by for of that assuring the righteous the whatever them Lord spiritual the from soul the gospel savedof every be may suffer shall fold hereafter. here they repaid a be thousand there to of into the again presencedeath, and come God

life shall in eternal to the reap they joy For evercome and forever.abide lasting peace. We ask the Lord to crown you with the

In these days when Satan is spreading his wicked dominglory of his promise ion over the world, when corruption, hate, greed, envy, strife, and murder find such large place in the hearts of Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the

to the wordsmen, we point of Jesus, spoken in reply to the worldneither giveth,let it begiveafraid.I unto(Johnyou.14:27.)Let not your heart be troubled,

in Pharisees the temple:tempting

bless children the the wives of and men. you God God shalt love the thy Lord Thou God with all thy heart, and with bless their mothers. sustain in your he long days them May all all mind. thy with thy soul, and

This is the first and great commandment. of grievous waiting, which can be harder than death itself.

shalt the thy neighbour love second is like unto it, Thou And will bless the the preserve Saints and That and God thyself.as bring and of everywhere the designs to naught prophets. righteous the these all the and law hang two commandments On

is earth, the the petition of constant the wicked make we 22:3740.) (Matt.

to our Father in heaven.

"We call upon all men to heed the words of Christ spoken on the Mount:

But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven:

for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. (Matt. 5:4445.)

We declare to all men that peace, the lasting peace which is the hope of the suffering peoples of the nations, will not come to the earth except men shall follow the laws revealed and proclaimed by the Christ.

We again call upon the rulers of the earth to bring this terrible slaughter to an end. The war will end if those who

guide the destinies of the nations have a will to end it. The First Presidency

JANUARY, 1944 * 11 Faith In Christthe

hast Because thou seen hast thou me, beand so "mope wallow"by Men when lieved: Blessed are that they seen, have not the application of jungle the laws of the

and yet have believed. they seek to dominate their fellow men,

when, Hitlerlike, they cherish a false

SojustspokeconfidentlyJesus to Thomasexclaimed:who"Myhad gatesense toof superiority,themselves andthe insanelythought arrothat Lord, and my God!"—an acknowlDeity has divinely endowed them with

edgment indicating that doubt in the the right to be dictators.

mind of Thomas had been supplanted Let us hope that a time will soon come by absolute certainty. when men with such natures and aspiraIt is in this sense of unwavering trust tions will be so few that we shall not

that I refer to faith in Christ as the most have to fight them as we should a pack of wolves. Let us strive real the to makeimportant need of belief the world—a that Christian dream nations will somethat determines religion, or, a man's as

Carlyle says, his "skepticism or no reday unite not for war but for the establigion."It is more than a mere feeling. lishing of the kingdom of God, which

It is power that moves to action, and should be "a real and not a mystical should be in human life the most basic kingdom."

of all motivating forces. It was in this

sense that an eminent doctor of medi- A Mere Belief in Jesus as a Great cine, who had but recently lost his mothMan Insufficient er in death, admonished his students to A mere belief in Jesus as a Great keep their faith: "Those of you who '**'Teacher, or even as the greatest man

have discarded Faith will live to regret that ever lived, has proved unadequate it. There are times such as this when sciin combating the ills of the world.

is Ience entirely inadequate. commend writers Among many and many thinking PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY to thinkyou seriously these about matpeople, there is quite a general agreeters. They give comfort and solace ment as to the greatness of Jesus. By

which can be obtained in no other way. one, for example, he is designated as

Many have discarded religion because "the peerless personality in history"; by

it appears unscientific. I believe that you another (Renan) "whatever may be the

The Faith Needed That Christ is Divine

Manifestly the need of the world, and 'he great need of today is a faith that will put particularly in the present crisis, is more than a mere acceptance of the Man of purpose into life, and courage into the heart. Galilee as the greatest of all men. What

is really essential is faith in him as a divine being—as our Lord and Savior. It

is such faith as the Apostle Peter experienced when he declared, "Thou art the will find m the last analysis that it is surprises of the future, Jesus will never Christ, the son of the living God."It is

scientific."be surpassed."Colonel Robert G. such faith that called forth Paul's testiChristmas 1943 finds the world a batIngersoll once wrote: "When a boy in mony as he stood a prisoner before

tleground on which valiant men are bePeoria, Illinois, I may have said silly Agrippa and bore witness that Christ ing maimed and killed, because, in the things about Jesus, but now I regard had appeared to him, and said: "I am

ultimate analysis, mankind generally him as the one perfect man.""Christ Jesus whom thou persecutest."It is the

have ignored the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Too many people who profess belief in the Son of Man think of him intermittently as the soldier in Flanders who wrote: jhe need in the present crisis is more than a

We had forgotten You, or very nearly mere acceptance of the Man of Galilee as

You did not seem to touch us very nearly

Of course we thought about You now and the greatest of all men. It is faith in him as a

then; Especially in any time of trouble. divine being—as our Lord and Savior.

The great need of today is a faith that will put purpose into life, and courage into the heart. Spiritually men appear to have lost their sense of direcstands for the highest development of faith that enabled the doubting Thomas

tion. As one writer expresses it: "It man,"writes Keable, "and try as we to say: "My Lord, and my God."

seems as if heaven had sent its insane will, we cannot see any other intelliangels into our world as to an asylum, gent mind than man's in the universe. It is such a faith as must have susand here they will break out into their To other forces that we dimly sense, we tained the eleven apostles and at least

native music, and utter at intervals the cannot attribute personality, but to the seventy disciples who met Christ after words they have heard in heaven; then Christ we can and must. He is our God. the resurrection. In their minds there

the mad fit returns, and they mope and We are not ashamed of him, and the was absolutely no doubt of his personwallow like dogs."less so as he is a man."ality. They were witnesses of the fact.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

World's Greatest Need

And bid the tapers twinkle fair,

And feast and frolic—and then we go 5w [resident <U-)ai/ld La Back to the same old lives again.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY Yet the eternal truth still remains that the Man of Galilee is the one person

Address delivered on the nationwide Churchof-theAir Broadcast, through whom God is revealed, and the

Sunday, December 19, 1943 only one through obedience to whose teachings permanent peace will prevail on earth.

Three Ideals in Christ's Teachings

They knew because their eyes beheld, (4) It would awaken hope when he Inseparable with the true purpose of their ears heard, their hands felt the is ill or wounded, and, Christmas and included in the Ancorporeal presence of the risen Re- (5) If and when he might face the nunciation were three glorious ideals:

deemer. inevitable, it would fill his soul with the (1) Faith, (2) Peace, (3) BrotherIt is that unwavering faith which peaceful confidence that as Christ lived hood. Believers and nonbelievers

brought forth this glorious vision given after death so shall he. agree that the realization of these

to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

And now, after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: Inseparable with the true purpose of Christhe lives! That

For we saw him, even on the right hand mas and included in the Annunciation were of God; and we heard the voice bearing

record that he is the Only Begotten of the great glorious ideals: Faith in God, Peace on

Father Earth, the Brotherhood of Man. That by him and through him, the worlds

are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God.

Those who have such assurance in I believe the day is dawning when inwould be most desirable. But the

their hearts accept him as "The Way, telligent people everywhere will nourish problem is how may that realization the Truth, and the Life,"as the one and apply more generally than heretobe achieved? To this question Jesus

safe guide in this perplexing universe. fore a vital, living faith in Christ's plan answers: First, set right the individual,

of redemption. If such be true, there will then many individuals thus set right,

Comfort for Men in Armed be at least one compensation resulting believing sincerely and acting accordForces of the Country from this worldwide conflict. ingly, would constitute a community in

which upright principles would be pracSuch is the faith that I would wish Christmastide ticed—a community from which sin,

for our sons in uniform who are ever- 'HPhis is the time of year when six hunignorance, and poverty would be banpresent in our minds these days, and * dred million and more nominal ished.

of birth the celebrate Christians their offering all for are human who the Faith a Personal Matter seajoyous a rights of inherent Babe of Bethlehem. other What and freedom

man. Think what an assurance that son it is, saddened this Christmastide Faith in God cannot of course be

Christ is his Redeemer would practicalonly by the strife and contention among other than personal. It must be yours,

ly mean to your son and mine now enmen. Today, mingling with our celeit must be mine, and, to be effective,

during the temptations, hardships, and brations, are thoughts of terrible tragmust spring from the mind and heart.

horrors of war. edies caused by this worldwide holEvery man will do well to pray with

Emerson: "O God, make me willing to

be willing to do thy will."The responsibility, therefore, of making the world

better belongs to you, and to you, and... Christ's appeal for personal integrity, honto a million others professing his name.

or, fairdealing, and love are basic in the proper What "Giving God the Glory"

Means to Character Building solution of social and economic difficulties. A willingness "to give God the

glory"is a sure means of subduing selfishness. Faith, therefore, is a foundation element in true character buildthe ( hour1 ) Itofwouldhomesicknessgive to himor discouragecomfort in ocaust.overlookInthethe factmidstthatof itwarall, andlet usothernot ing;sult offorcontinuedan uprighteffortcharacterand rightis thethinkre-

ment, wickedness might be overcome if men ing, the effect of longcherished associations with Godlike thoughts. He in Christ sincerity the but accept his would ( more effective make It would 2 ) approaches nearest the spirit Christ birth celebrate! they But whose we to clean and keep morally determination makes the are who center of his God learn; so, after year year slow to fit service, for thoughts acts, and in and can say who

( 3 ) It would give him courage in the We ring the bells and we raise the strain, his heart, "Not my will, but thine be performance of duty, We hang up garlands everywhere, done. ( Continued on page 62

JANUARY, 1944 13 JUu's RIVER LAMAN

Afriel <=>L. \>rowleu, <=Lc=L. (15. close of the seventh century DmThebefore Christ brought to a close

also the glory that had been the kingdom of Judah. The throne of David Jerusalem to the Red Sea. That notion,

had passed into the hands of Babylon, EDITOR'S NOTE which has arisen from an uncritical justi- 2:6, of is without reading I Nephi it,and Mattaniah, called upon Zedekiah speculation and conInvestigation feasibiltext. of fication In point in the hisby overlord, Babylonian sat in weak cerning the unanswered of problems

ity, than it being hundred one morevassalage. will Vice geography conapostasy Book and ran of Mormon

line, air seventyfive passage miles by tinue to inevitably research cause and idolsrampant; the places high of and

heathen worship abounded. discussion until the last question is through the wilderness of 600 B.C. from

in this of article, answered. three author to the days Sea Jerusalem The Red pressure of Under in already Jews tireless finder, a seeker and here adds the explanaimprobable. appears Even incaptivity Babylon, and urged on by interesting an of to point the view 8 is of racing use tion camels of possiblefaithless Egyptian military promises of already speculations numerous and Nephi's required not strained and byalliance, Zedekiah conspired against findings of those to chosen have who language.Babylon, a study of a and make and brought various hobby himself upon and

Judah the destruction which extinphases of the Book of Mormon acThe whole exodus passage is so preguished the kingdom. count. cisely worded that it bears the stamp of

In the midst of the corruption of his deliberate, careful phrasing, with intent people, the Lord strove mightily to into pack into the engraved words the in the detail possible greatest very directed, Lehi fled with his family asstitute reforms. the brought out He 9

space. shortest presently and a height emerged upon its of thehidden secret book from law1 overlooking in welldefined valley a Its inplace 6: the effects temple. in verse "when Nephi wrote were When

instantaneous but temporary. He sent which a great river ran steadfastly into he [Lehi] had traveled three days in

his prophets crying out against iniquity, the fountain of the Red Sea."the wilderness he pitched his tent,"the

areand There derided them saw and mocked for their the in final pains.* Sea. Red exasperation no7 riversIdentificationwhich runof intothe wildernessreferring tohewasshouldthat bewildernessunderstoodwhichas And

with the crimes and disobedience of the stream upon which Lehi pitched his he had just finished describing in the nation, he shouted by Jeremiah: "I will tent becomes, therefore, a problem of preceding verse, i.e., "the wilderness in

fling you out of my sight as I flung out the first magnitude, which may, depenthe borders which are nearer the Red your kinsmen, the whole race of Ephdent upon its solution, constitute a Sea."That this wilderness nearer the

raim."* strong evidence for or against the truth sea is a separate wilderness is easily

With a new Babylonian invasion alof the Book of Mormon account, shown.

most at the gates, and the temple in imThe problem so presented has been Lehi "came down by the borders near minent peril of the destruction predicted unnecessarily complicated by the notion the shore of the Red Sea,"and he for it,* the Lord charged his prophet that Lehi traveled but three days from traveled in the wilderness "in the borLehi to seize the ancient records, and I Nephi 2:9. ders which axe nearer the Red Sea."A

flee out of Jerusalem and into the wilderUniversity Encyclopedia. Vol. 7. p. 500. "border"which is also a wilderness and

ness. the lies to "borders nearer next Red

showing Map the Wilderness by Way (traveled infers clearly wilderness, also Sea,"a!II Chron. 34:14; II Kings 22:8. Lehi), the of Egypt, the River Laman, the Way

HI 36:16; Chron. Borders Jer. 5:1213; 26:8-11; I Nephi 1:19. Sea, the nearer Borders and Red difference distinct borbetween

3 Jer. (Moffatt). 7:15, the Red in carefully geography worded the the someders. comparative Otherwise word 7:1114. of Book and reason, not without as the nearSea—aMormonthe <Jer.E 2:2; 3:4. I Nephi article points accompanying out. its loses sense. Nephi's nota- "nearer"

tion accordingly means that the period of three days represents the time traveled in the wilderness in the borders

sWashburn, Book o[ Mormon Geography (American

Fork, 1939), p. 86.

For convenience in reference, the passages of the text (I Nephi 2:4-10) forming the basis of this study

are set forth here:

4. And it came to pass that he departed into the

wilderness. And he left his house, and the land

of his inheritance, and his gold, and his silver, and his precious things, and took nothing with him, save it were his family, and provisions, and tents, and departed into the wilderness.

5. And he came down by the borders near the shore

of the Red Sea; and he traveled in the wilderness

in the borders which are nearer the Red Sea;

and he did travel in the wilderness with his family, which consisted of my mother, Sariah, and my elder brothers, who were Laman, Lemuel, and Sam.

6. And it came to pass that when he had traveled

three days in the wilderness, he pitched his tent in a *valley by the side of a river of water. * * 7.

8. And it came to pass that he called the name of

the river, Laman, and it emptied into the Red

Sea; and the valley was in the borders near the

mouth thereof.

9. And when my father saw that the waters of the

river emptied into the fountain of the Red Se, he spake unto Laman, saying: O that thou

mightest be like unto this river, continually running into the fountain of all righteousness!

10. And he also spake unto Lemuel: O that thou

mightest be like unto this valley, firm and steadfast, and immovable in keeping the commandments of the Lordl 14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lie the sea, imly the bordersnearer the Red Sea prior to encampof which marked valley,14 "firm, steadfast, and ment. stretch the shore immovable."mediately above and

A border, in geography, can only be back to the second line of cliffs, and If the Book of Mormon is true, then a contiguous area or tract adjacent to the great level of the ancient sea bed it is true that Lehi camped on the bank some boundary or natural object. which has been lifted out of the sea in of a river which emptied into the "foun-

A flood of light was thrown on the geologic rise and constitutes a distinct tain"of the Red Sea. Rivers leave their

quoted language, all unwittingly, by Dr. "border"near the Red Sea and adjoinmark as they pass. No river answering

W. M. Flinders Petrie, in his account of ing the lower plain or "border nearer the description of Nephi could have esthe Serabit Expedition of 1905 emthe Red Sea."caped historical notice in profane

bodied in his Researches in Sinai. As If the unimpeachable evidence of Dr. works, since the tip of the Gulf of Suez

the expedition proceeded toward Sinai Petrie, accompanied as it is with excellies at the ancient crossroads of confrom the region of the Great Bitter lent photographs of the plains, the cliffs tinents, perhaps as well known as any

Lakes (the northern tip of the Gulf of which distinguish the levels, and the place on earth in 600 B.C.

Suez ), careful observation of the counraised beaches, plus the wilderness, try was made, and from the final report, were not sufficient, there is no paucity Tt remains, then, to determine where this picture is drawn: of other authority. As put in the Ency- "Lehi went, and identification of the

In the valley was a straggling stream too clopedia Britannica, "It has long been river becomes simply a matter of hisbrackish to drink; but it maintained some known that the whole Red Sea area is torical inquiry. Despite the absence of

seventy palms, besides tamarisks, tall undergoing gradual elevation, and much rivers now, if the Book of Mormon is rushes, and other plants, which formed a tangle of undergrowth. After a mile or two,

however, the stream sank into the floor of the valley, and was no more seen down the rest of the barren track. In the lower part

of the valley the whole of the limestone strata dip seawards at about thirty degrees, and I traced about six hundred feet of vertical fall.

Next a level part appears; and after that

a renewed fall seawards, amounting to about six hundred feet more, until it tilts into the

Red Sea. Thus, what has been the plateau,

four hundred feet above the sea, must dip down to about eight hundred feet below the sea within a couple of miles.

At the mouth of the Wady Tabiyeh, we came out upon the shore of the Red Sea, along which we walked for eight miles before turning inland again. First we passed

the ruined tomb of Abu Zenymeh, from which the headland is named; this stands out

in a low, bare shore, close to the sea. Beyond that the road cannot pass below the

cliffs, as they come down into the water;?Sllllltls

and a passage is found over a low cliff of about sixty feet high, while above it towers THE SUEZ CANAL a glaring white face of limestone up for has been done in recent years in investiConstantly fighting the desert, this modern waterto were ancient attempts persists where made are canal passage. Fanlike dumps maintain openaboutWe sixnexthundredcrossedfeet.the plain of El Markha?[atingound inthedifferentlevels oflocalities.the raisedu beaches waydredgings.

fivediagonally, miles, to the about Seih copyright photo. official Crown R.A,F. of the exactitude The unconscious is raised This sea almostBaba. a level bed

distinguishing 2:5, of I Nephistretch, to miles four about wide and language 10three levels, the borders several the between long.ten miles B.C., in 600 true, there a river such was

near and the borders nearer the sea is and there were differing "borders,"a

In another place, Dr. Petrie says stamped with the certitude of truth. It deep valley, and something which could

The track lies along the nearly level plain is not such a thing as an unlearned farmbe called the "fountain"of the Red Sea, of raised sea bed which stretches from the er of 1 830 would know or design. all in close conjunction.

present shore back over more than ten miles Initial aid is found in the words deto foot the less extraordinary precise and departure. is scribing Lehi's 11 of the great limestone plateau XJot word Theof the Tih. describing of language Nephi out. In pasevery stands "wilderness"f? the

With a very strange similarity to the the encampment upon the banks of the sage describing the Lehite trip the word words of Nephi, he adds (p. 10): mighty stream flowing into the "foun- "wilderness"is reiterated. And in the

tain"of the Red Sea. first instance it is written, "He departed

the the of fork ten roads reached At we directly into runs a river When wilderness."a into the

last at track coast, the goingone nearer and it runs sea, saying think of would who there times ancient were two In cliffspassing of close the Gebel below Hamthe of the into sea? Yet the "fountain"to routes the track as "The one other inland passing Egypt, known behindmam;

the sea cliffs. Our men took the inland road record shows Way of the Land of the Philistines,"

the plain midst the through of of the wide "Wilderness the the other was and that the waters saw when And my fatherold plain elesea has only bed. been The described has Dr. Guthe H. Way."into the the river emptied fountain of in the recent geological sea very vated from as follows: them saying: unto spake Sea, Laman, he Red of theO times, the pluvial since period, valthe and

river, this like unto be that thou mightest Philistines"disthe leys yet of the are not pronounced. land Large of "way The

of fountain the into continually it of all is the charges route, water old over from passes by pour the which caravan running13 righteousness! storms pass of the Mediterranean. which of the southeast the edge up to corner the

Plateau, bounds which great Tih it on east. the plain miles of twenty Yet wide the The river so referred to lay in a Theled through"way ofthetheWadiwildernessTumilatof thepastRedPithomSea"

has scarcely anything on it that can be strongly marked valley "in the borders to the region of the Bitter Lakes and the called a valley across it. near the mouth thereof."wilderness of Shur, which according to Gen.

its i.e., on Egypt,"was of 25:18 It is recitation the ignore idle to "before15 that there are It thus appears three border. eastern

that upon the made Nephi camp was levels,welldefined the immediate shore (Continued page on 56) bank of a welldefined river in a strong10Petrie, Researches in Sinai, E. P. Dutton 6 Co. "I Nephi 2:10.

(N. Y., 1906), p. 17. Vol. 22, 11th Ed., p. 970. 15SchaffHerzog Religious Encyclopedia, vol. 9, p.

u-lbid., p. 7. 1 Nephi 2:9. 412.

JANUARY, 1944 15 oLoomna Jowaird the

It is fatal to religion if it is believed thatthe living Creative Spirit and power of REDEEMER'S

God is not to be found in our day. When

this faith is lost, the story of the past ceases to be an inspiration. We must lend

ears, then, the to the of only notour wisdom Dm imdlaent thegospels, to of but and the ages wisdom the present age. The "everlasting gospel"

must be so presented that the men of our time may catch in it the reflection of their has their Creator. Beautifully heights of in our of religions mankind have the bestown thoughts and aspirations.—Raythe written in a the poet think over world, Wordsworth but modern as we C. Knox.mond

chapter from Isaiah, or any of the spirit of Isaiah:

of the the old, character other of wherein Old Tesprophets we see is forgetting; birth a sleep but a and Our elicited study religions deeper of has of the world life's Star, rises us, that with our SoulNotament The

students of Biblical the creative part the on They lack its setting power—thetoday fail. elsewhere had Hath

than has Isaiah. He rose to sublime something of truth and virtue which And cometh from afar;

heights in teaching the divine relationcomes from the spirit of the living Not in entire forgetfulness, ship of God to mankind. As we read his God, that spiritual vitality which And not in utter nakedness,

words today, we realize more than ever cleanses and quickens the thoughts But trailing clouds of glory do we come that the messages of God are eternal and desires of the soul. All the From God who is our home.

light for of the the ever guiding prophetsand show Testament must be Old Isaiah of the In the world, thought is dignified, spiritual religion welsimple, exthathumanity's growth and all the of angreatest the out as stands itfare. teachings alted, expressed the evoking which His words homage Christ of cient time the prophets before

It all lines fosters of rewards. endeavor.along promotes and human human One

the in his Literature Old Bewer Dr. of life, is for living truth his sanctifies virtue, truths the enlargesof great a home,

our day—that God is more easily promotes enterprise, secures knowlTestament says:

reached than man; and that there is edge, and makes mankind more conThe splendor of his diction, the wealth of

deepest happiness when men are learnscious of itself, and awakens him to his his imagery, the amazing variety of his ing from Him. As we read Isaiah, we are divine lineage. A genuine knowledge style, now grand and majestic, powerful

sweet, gentle sweeping, movand and now little in largest that truth there of is too the of the visionconvinced means God if the tears, full silent as of as him ing mark It error; to possible increase belongs of life. toothe today, and world much

.. orators. penetrated of prince Hebrew. He

little strengthens, experience, seek too astoo normal which and men human to the underappearances outward through much which enervates; too little from for the meaning of life and a faith by lying reality, saw the one who directs all

above, and too much from the earth. We which they may live and climb to the movements of history, understood his character and purpose, and thus was enabled

to interpret him to his people, and to unfold his plan in the events of the nations.

AN ANCIENT WHERE

CAPITAL ONCE The Messianic Hope

STOOD A view looking northHPhE conception of the advent of the A ruins east of over the ideal a divine which Messiah gave the government temple, that Israel flaming gave to hope was the castle buildings, and tower toward the Tigris ages the through the people life down in ancient Assur, Mesto the last of the Old from Abraham opotamia.

Testament writers. It comprehended

Israel's thought of God's faithfulness, his guidance, aid, and love, without which Israel could obtain neither righteousness nor prosperity. It comprehended the higher thought, gradually

- mm * allrevealedpeoples,to Israel,a rule ofintendingGod's ruleuniversalover redemption. The Messianic hope looked

forward to a prince of the house of

David, who should uphold the ways of

God in righteousness. Under his rule

should come peace and blessedness. Israel always looked back to the covenant

between God and Abraham, when the

Lord promised to make him a great nation, "and in thee shall the families of the earth be blessed."The covenant

with Abraham was the foundation of the thought that Israel should look always toward the coming of the "Son of

God."We find David singing and givPhoto to his gratitude of Underwood ing thanks because

& Underwood Israel for his peofor choosing Jehovah ple, and the choice of David's house to earthly kingship over them forever:

COMING

aJLeul Cdaar Lyeoun 9 OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O

Jehovah, among the nations, And to thy name will I sing praises, UR, MESOPOTAMIA

Looking northwest to his king, victory great giveth Who of the ruin the kindness loving showeth And of to his fromcastle Chaldees Ur anointed, over country traversed

To David and his seed forever. by Abraham.

An ideal king was to come in the future. He would rule the nations in righteousness and all truth. He would be a

king forever, "a priest after the order of Melchizedek,"and should judge among the nations. The seventysecond Photo Underwood

Psalm, ascribed to Solomon, tells the & Underwood ideal of the kingly function and its beneficent effect in words of exquisite beauty.

Give the king thy judgments, O God, and His name shall endure forever: His name And the suckling child shall play on the

thy righteousness unto the king's son. shall be continued as long as the sun: hole of the asp, and the weaned child

shall blessed in him: all be and men shall put his hand on the cockatrice's righteouswith thy people judge He shall

call shall nations blessed. him den. judgment. with ness, poor and thy

be the Lord God, the God to the Blessed peace shall bring shall mountains in destroy not hurt nor of Israel, They The all my only things. doeth who wondrous hills, little people, by righteousand the holy shall mountain: for the earth be

ness. And blessed be his glorious name forever: full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the

He shall judge the poor of the people, he and let the whole earth be filled with waters cover the sea.

shall save the children of the needy, his glory; Amen, and Amen.

and shall break in pieces the oppressor. The prayers of David the son of Jesse are (Isaiah 11:1-9.)

They shall fear thee as long as the sun and ended.

moon endure, throughout all genera- (72nd Psalm.)

tions. The Prince of Peace

He shall come down like rain upon the Isaiah in his eleventh chapter, demown grass: as showers that water scribes the character of the Messiah rHEN Isaiah began to prophesy,

the earth. and his divine influence in the world there was current among the peo- W flourish; shall the and his righteous In days ple of expectation of Judah, a

shall there forth of a rod out come And the as of long so peace abundance king. the glorious already have told Wethe of Jesse, stem shall and a branch grow endureth. moon a promise been had how made to David his roots: of out to also shall from sea dominion have He

the ( II Samuel which 7) by permanence spirit the the of shall rest And Lord the river the ends upon unto sea, from and of the earth. him, the spirit of wisdom and underof his dynasty was assured. Prophets

They that dwell in the wilderness shall standing, the spirit of counsel and earlier than Isaiah emphasized the esbow before him; and his enemies shall might, the spirit of knowledge and of tablishment of the house of David,

lick the dust. the fear of the Lord; even in the days of Israel's greatest

shall isles shall of of the quick of Tarshish kings understanding and make And him The trials. "It indispensable,"says was

in fear the presents: the of the bring kings Lord: and shall he of Sheba and Smith, George "that the people Adam after offer gifts. the sight judge not shall eyes, of his Seba

Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: neither reprove after the hearing of his should have a leader, and that they

all nations shall serve him. ears: should have a rallying point. They

For ha shall deliver the needy when he But with righteousness shall he judge the must have their king and they must crieth; the poor also, and him that hath poor, and reprove with equity for the have their city. Every reader of Isaiah

no helper. meek of the earth: and he shall smite knows that it is on these two themes

the earth shall the the with needy, of spare his poor rod and and mouth, He shall that the prophet rises to the height of the souls his the lips needy. of with and of the save breath shall he his eloquence."shall Immanuel be born; slay their shall deceit soul redeem the wicked. from and He

shall he the be the Messiah, promised shall their violence: precious and shall blood righteousness girdle the of his be And

be in his sight. loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his king of Israel. Isaiah had the revealed

And he shall live, and to him shall be given reins. concept of the Savior of the world

the of of shall the gold Christ also Sheba: prayer shall into the also wolf born dwell the The with lamb, Son world—the

for continually; daily lie be the him shall and made and leopard living of the with down the of Redeemer God—the

shall praised. kid; he the be calf the the and lion and young world. beautifully has this prophHow

shall of be in handful There the the corn little an fading together; and a and ecy been of combined with music unearth the the child shall of upon top mountains; lead them. surpassed in sublimity his Handel by fruit the shall like thereof shake Lebathe the shall feed; their bear And and cow

: non: shall they of the flourish city and lie shall ones young together: and Messiah down

like grass of the earth. the lion shall eat straw like the ox. {Concluded on page 52)

JANUARY, 1944 17 DISABLED A REPORTOF SERVICEFROMMENTHEWHOOFFICECOMEOF BACKWAR FROMINFORMATIONTHE WAR CONCERNINGWITH PERMANENTTHE REHABILITATIONINJURIES, AND

EMOTIONALLY AND MENTALLY DISTURBED.

trainservice of vocational man in need ing is eligible the to receiveTHEwoundedreadjustmentservice andmenhappinesswith conof tainedMen bywithprofessionalamputationssolo aredancersenterit from spicuous physical disfigurements or who after going through their strenuous Veterans'Administration if he has sufdisabilities or nervous manifestations routine display their artificial limbs. fered a ten percent or greater disability,

will depend in large measure on the way Newly blinded men, under the charge resulting in a vocational handicap, while their families and friends and the pubof blind members of the hospital staff, in service. If not, the same training is

lic at large behave toward them. are given messages to deliver in various open to him through the Vocational

Thanks to modern therapy, many of parts of the building and encouraged to Rehabilitation Division of the United the men suffering from even the severest find their way around unaided. Men States Office of Education, where, also

wounds will be rehabilitated and enmade totally deaf (who often suffer as at government expense, he will be abled to lead lives of normal activity, engreat an emotional shock as those who taught the skills of a job. In every case,

gaging in industry, business, or profesare blinded) are introduced to charmrepresentatives of the Red Cross and sions. But the most modern medical and ing young women members of the staff. other agencies are on hand in the hospsychiatric care, the finest surgery and They converse—the young women writpitals to advise the men concerning their

appliances, expert rehabilitation, vocaing their questions or remarks on slips rights to pensions, training, and employtional training, and employment opporof paper and the men talking. Finally, ment and to give them any further

tunities are far from being all that is after a time, the young women—who guidance they may want.

needed by the men who have suffered have followed the men's conversation Vocational training in the Veterans'disfigurements and disabilities. Much with complete normality—casually reAdministration and other institutions is

of the work can be undone or will reveal the fact that they, too, are totally directed toward preparing the wounded main incomplete if the men's families deaf. man not only to fill a job in which his

and friends and the public at large fail These are only a few examples of wound will not be a handicap, but to to behave with restraint, intelligence, the great amount of confidencerestor- do important work which he will enjoy and consideration. ing work being done in hospitals. and for which he is temperamentally

If a formerly ablebodied young man suited. In all cases, even those capable

returns from combat with a disfigure- P\etails of accomplishments in the only of selfemployment at home, the is useful, functional, independentment or other serious disability, he is field of physical rehabilitation—the goalalmost certain to be emotionally disnext step—are becoming increasingly living—not dependent, permanent resiturbed. In other cases the wound he familiar. Injured muscles are brought dence in hospitals.

brings back may be mental. In his disback into play, new or unused muscles

turbed state the man has his own idea are trained. When necessary, efficient A fter vocational training comes emof what a cripple is—an idea which all surgical appliances are carefully fitted "ployment, and here many agencies

too often approaches a popular conto replace amputated hands, feet, or are working for the wounded service ception arising from ignorance. limbs. A typical case is that of a twentyman.

A soldier who finds himself without twoyear-old second lieutenant, in a The Veterans'Administration secures legs, for example, may think of himself mood of cynical despair following the jobs for many of the men it has trained.

in the situation of the legless beggar he loss of a hand in African fighting. ToIndustry, which has gained considerable

downtown—andused to see on thehe crowdedmay thinksidewalksthat is wearingday, fittedthewith Distinguishedan artificial handServiceand experiencecapped workersin theduringemploymentthe currentof handiman-

how others think of him, too. He does Cross, he has been promoted to captain power shortage, is eager to hire returned

not yet know of the vital and interestand is assistant to the commanding offiservice men because of their moraleing work being done—and done percer in charge of plans and training at a raising effect on their fellowworkers.fectly-—by men with amputations in incamp in a southern state. The Selective Service law contains

dustry and in offices. A greater proporNervous disabilities resulting from provisions regarding the return of a distion of employed handicapped persons combat experience are treated with charged service man to his old job, and

are in professional and managerial jobs equal care. In some cases prolonged the Reemployment Division of Selective

in this country than in any other kind psychiatric treatment is necessary; ocService writes each discharged service

of employment. cupational therapy cures others rapidly. man a letter explaining his rights and

It is only natural that maimed young One infantryman, for example, was advising him on procedure. Few emmen should think bitter thoughts, lose brought to an evacuation hospital in the ployers have thus far refused to take

their selfconfidence. It is the excepSolomons suffering from fear, trembling, men back.

tional man who does not. And yet, in and palpitations as a result of seeing the The Army, the Navy, the Civil Servcase after case, maimed young men man next to him blown to pieces durice Commission, the United States Emhave been freed from their black ing an advance. The wise medical offiployment Service, the Office of Educathoughts and bitterness, and have had cer in charge asked him experimentally tion, and the Red Cross have all laid

their selfconfidence restored by the whether he would be willing to help out plans well in advance for insuring the professional, expert—and difficult—rethe hospital in an emergency by acting employment of discharged service men,

habilitation treatment they have reas litterbearer. He said he would including the disabled. Many men want

ceived, as soon as possible after injury, and in caring for others soon lost his not their old jobs but better jobs, and in Army and Navy hospitals and in the own symptoms and was able to return often they are trained so that they get hospitals of the Veterans'Administrato duty. In that hospital, at least, a large them.

tion. Disabled merchant seamen are proportion of those men with nervous In an increasing number of cases the

cared for in U.S. Public Health Service disabilities suffered in combat who have Army and the Navy do not discharge

Marine hospitals. been able to assume responsible duties disabled men, but employ them in limIn all these institutions, the restorahave needed little if any other rehabiliited service after their physical retion of selfconfidence, as an aid in the tation. habilitation, training them, if necessary.

restoration of physical health, is the imWhen he has recovered his physical In summary, we may rest assured that mediate aim of doctors, nurses, and or psychic health and is discharged the wounded soldiers and sailors are beother personnel. from the Army or Navy hospital, the (Continued on page 53)

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Lviloft THE BELL

. T was one of those May i

for remembering.mornings MothDm made g< \AJakeiin 9 j \hea -Miabee eighties, in her er, though had already

finished her tasks and had settled herself to do some mending. She sat by the erected our church and it had to serve thought it had never sounded so beautisouth window, the perfume of her rose as school and was also our recreation ful, its tones were so clear. On the first

garden filling the room. She seemed center. So a large bell was placed in of May what a celebration we had! A

more pensive than usual, I thought, the spire. The school teacher had to bowery was erected at the east of the

even a little sad. go a halfhour early to ring the bell church from cottonwood limbs cut from

"No bad news, Mother?"I ventured and make his own fire. It tolled the the river bottom. The children braided

to ask. I felt like an intruder upon her hour for all grades. People here set the Maypole; pioneer songs were sung;

thought, but on a morning like this I their clocks by the school bell. When jigs were danced by aged men, and the

—thewantedflowers,everyonethetogoldenshare mysunlight,happinessthe itmothersrang outwouldon the exclaim,crisp winter'Hurry,mornings,chilMayful rosesqueenjustwasas youcrownedsee inwithmy garden.beautipeace in the air, not a sign of the war dren, it is 8:30; you have just thirty What a day the first of May was to us,

that was raging. "God is good to us, minutes to make yourself tidy and be but now that day is passed by with no

Mother."in the schoolroom,'celebration.

Mother raised her head, and in the "What a story that bell could tell if "My mind goes back to our choir talk. It it could gracefully glistening the faint ofsun I a swung so caught let bell forgot to never practices—that

tear. so dear, "I old of the grandIt watched your many years. was thinking, evehurry with my me know I must

church bell that has rung for so many parents till the soil. It tolled mournfully ning duties, for I felt that my alto voice

years. They have remodeled the old when our dear pioneers one by one left would be missed. That faithful bell

church now, and the bell that has told us. It rang sadly and it was also happy never forgot to tell me of every church

us of all the happiness and sorrow in on many occasions. Can you picture a duty and every social.

our little village nestled here under the bell crying out in the midnight air, 'Fire! "Well do I remember my telephone,

volcanic mountain has been put aside Fire! A barn is burning down!'? When for you see, I was the agent for the Bell

and tolls no more. They say it is not death came to our village, who was Telephone and it was the only phone

fashionable to ring a bell anymore."more sad than the bell on its high perch? in town. As my telephone rang one

I loved the bell, too, and missed it. I How mournful it sounded; yes, it morning I took the receiver in my hand

wanted to hear more about it. Mother seemed to know just how to sound the and I heard these words: 'The Armiwould know its whole history. "Let me death knell. But at other times it stice is signed; Kaiser a fugitive in Holget my knitting,"I said, "while you seemed happy to tell us there was to be land; Germany in revolt.'I stood as

tell me the story of the bell. I am all merriment at the church of a night. though I had turned to stone. I could

inattention, married Mother,"1881, I was "The night the of a clear sky out my not move, when there, dance held if "'Twas and was long, long ago when our piowedding as steeple rang bell church on the neers came to Utah's Dixie. They when the bell pealed forth that night I to say: 'Peace. Shake out the folds of

the flag and tell abroad the story of the

Armistice. Count the stars, and the

crosses in Flanders Field. Teach that

the glory of war is a lie and that peace has come out of Gethsemane, that joy is hallowed by suffering. Cry peace and

the promise of a resurrection.'

"How proud I was of our village in the year 1923 when we got word President Harding was to make a stop here.

The street was sprinkled, and the children, dressed in white and carrying baskets of flowers, stood along the roadside. When his car appeared at

the brow of the hill, our bell rang out and continued a solemn tone as he rode through the street to the grandstand built for the occasion....

"What wonderful woodhauling parties we had. A dinner was served to

all men getting wood and a prize was

THE given to the man garnering the largest

TOQUERVILLE load. This was taken to widows wood BELL—VOICE

in need. and those OF A

PIONEER just get without couldn't along "We COMMUNITY

It bell. that squeaked got tired and

it Before did some—I'm afraid no one ever thought service as the chapel bell, it was used of greasing it.

fire old as the bell "I must tell you of one very strange fnr the Silver Reef

Mine. incident that happened. There was one

good, faithful sister—we called her Lula—who had been married eleven

years but no children had ever come to (Concluded on page 37) a

pota oral

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Taber- * nacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L. EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

e "ter the Jiutnuit and the Jke Ljreatedt (Lt/li of the -f # >> 77

HPhere is a question that has been pressing itself upon our

If ie5 thoughts, which, because of a traditional reticence, is it be ignored."\17e are reminded today that before another week shall sometimes difficult to speak of—but neither can

it best can by a quoted be introduced statement—gone Perhaps 1 1 will have come and passed, have November

evil effect that "the greatest the to of the age is statement a quarter it seems, thus almost unbelievablyagain, marking, superlatives inclined is usually to challenge One in Armistice since reached a anof century World was War unchastity."

the that the of kind, statement heard having among and any

I. occasion an years twentyfive Armistice ago was Day

first evils unchastity of ranks the innumerable almost day armistice that jubilation, then thoughtfor great because we is effect, to try in reaction destructive immediate our anniversaries for peace. had not But a synonym manywas to the evil greater that inroads other upon makes some name

festering there here began before outbreaks and bygone resociety. But, of wellbeing peace and and upon men

technically Armistice, that farseeing as the teachto more facts, ourselves find concluding well the viewing may we hostilities.defined, of cessation temporary but a And was with, unchastity. evil is that greatest the of begin the age To

is relief cessation to people of hostilitieswhile any a any is forerunner other the of the or unchastity most companion to the pressure are of war, under made we have beenwho jealousy, of of hate, of drunkenness, and evils—certainly lasting thatlearn merely founded and peace on exhaustion, lives. distrust, of disease, of broken families broken and

only until strength comes to fight again, is not that peace Unchastity, and its byproducts, are historically chargeable, on earth for which the centuries have searched. War makes in large measure at least, for the decadence and ultimate

—butmany heroes,if peaceandis toa nationlast, heroismin needmustfindscontinueits valiantbeyonddefenderswar. downfallloose moralsof oncehave formidabletaken hold empires.is a totteringThe home;home ina nationwhich

their in time of war, are giving even when mothersAnd of loose morals loose is a tottering a man of nation—and are giving themselves, seessons and one sometimes men is the morals unsafe man. a tottering, comes With unchastity

seedsit—seedsof thosesownthingsby thosewhichwhowouldwantdestroytheir poundpeace, ofif wefleshhad anwhich,accusingmultipliedconscienceby the whichnumberdriveswhosepeacelives fromit hastheaffected,heart,

or else: Little men with much power who seek to gain could account for the restlessness of a nation, for the distheir ends at any cost to anyone. Such things would regard of other standards and ideals, for dishonor among

destroy peace—even if we had it. In a British cemetery in men, and, with one evil pyramided upon another, for the

France, there is an epitaph that reads: "For your tomorrow, driving of peace from the face of the earth. Indeed, there

they gave their today."This is the essence of sacrifice can be no peace where there is no personal righteousthe essence of that which has made possible the better ness—and there is no kind of modern thinking that is proof

things of this world, including peace. And if everyone of against the results that follow the breaking of a moral law.

us were willing to exercise reasonable restraint in time of It doesn't matter what we moderns choose to call unchastity, peace, it might not now be necessary for us to look back the Lord God has already given it a name, and affixed penon a broken armistice. But there have been, and still are, alties which the laws of nature inexorably execute—and its

too many who are most eager to give someone else's tomorfruits are bitter even to those who thought they might be row for their today—too many who have been willing to sweet. If there were words with which we could say it so

mortgage the future, their own if necessary, but preferably that it would ring unforgettably in the ears of the fresh, someone else's. And so, as another anniversary of Armistice clean youth of every land, we would speak it loud a thoucomes and goes, we must remind ourselves again, with a sand times from the housetops: Don't take any false step

quartercentury as perspective, that if the epitaphs in France from which there is no return. Don't do anything for which

and elsewhere are to mean what they should mean, there there is certain regret and from which there is uncertain will be need, in time of peace, for the same heroic effort that recovery. Don't lose that which can never be regained.

after the "the wars. tumult must and be patriots wins

wellsprings the of life. Until someone with Don't tamper depart.""the captains kings the shouting and dies."—afterThere is the say again: one, "Unchastity a greater names we intelliquiet the for there heroism medals and are few True, greatest evil of the age"—and to give way to it is to set out gent restraint and earnest toil of peacetime—but that's what

it will take to keep it here. Let's not lose it when it comes upon a road on which there are certain regrets and from

again.—November 7, 1943. which there is no sure return.—November 28, 1943.

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tm.

fitoffi) TfetLDpDG

knowledgement of the yield of the good earth and of the in America Here of all men. Father the providence of O-Wxpeaiencu?a/ unfailbecause, for us, significance deep has Thanksgiving

all the despite peace, in in and years, war the through us ingly plague to arises frequently expediency of question '"The have of failings men, we all the and disturbance of factors of * pressure under not, or whether to as question—the inherited have is because partly we This blessed. richly been ends, desirable we seemingly accomplish to circumstances, because too, reasons, other be there must land, but choice a not do ordinarily, would we which, things to resort should become quickly could resources rich with country a even in is condoned evil to be or not to whether as question the must there so circumstances. And under some unproductive circumunder some places, and people, and some some there us brought that have factors other be blessing—and terms the in others. Expediency, not under stances, and there came that are for are, which we thankful—thankful "subit, as defined been to has reference have in which we they than more freedom loved those shores these who to facilitating of sake for the principle of moral ordination worship, of freedom had that have life—thankful we loved rather special advantage to conducive purpose; or an end degovernment degrees, a in varying and, enterprise, free utility mere right; characterized is by than what now, even governed. But the of consent the upon pendent written and been has much rather than universallyprinciple"—and lives, of our richness for the thanksgiving in pause while we false expediency such uses of the justification in of

this under comfortable grown have those are there who allegedly evil with devices for justification employing spoken—in it, would of beneficiaries who as lived have freedom, who it, find is is evil that you where fact the motive. But good shelter them given that has the house tear like to down it is hazardous with alliance of an making expedient the and has that structure the foundations the at bore those who If evil purpose. it to good serve seem would even when those who plenty, privilege, and given them ofprotection—it is in still evil. If it is found credentials, high with comes against philosophies principles and shores to our bring would still evil. it is reproach, ordinarily above are that places A would other who fighting on are which we shores—those differis millions fundamentally no lie deceives that public our for in exchange everything anything and us guarantee except another, to untruth personal one from man a ent from that beyond reminder give all would such to liberty. we And official proclamafar-reaching. its results are more that An beharvest, richness of the blessings, beyond all material though in country, even man's falsehood any tion on based of system that a peace of of and products those war yond

is thing, different fundamenit the expedient no to be seems all can that possible, we beyond enterprise free has made tally from a vicious story whispered over the back fence. A see with our eyes and touch with our hands, that for which

misrepresentation of fact concerning a world problem is no we are most thankful as the years recur, is freedom. And

different, fundamentally, from the swindling of widows and notwithstanding all the charges that are or can be levied orphans on a small scale, except that it is worse by the against a system of freedom, the world has yet to produce multiple of the number of lives it affects. Evil is where a nation of free men who do not live lives more to be desired

you find it, and it is what it is, no matter where you find it, than those who have all else but freedom. We are thankful,

or who proffers it, or for what purpose. And if we want too, for those who have sacrificed their lives for freedom

to live in a world free from it, we must fight it where we and to anyone who would remake our free institutions or our find it, without regard to personalities or expediency; and country for us, whoever they are and wherever they are

of high equally as it comes with must be wary it when we nothing again: There is say land in this or any other—we

it with credentials comes as no credentials. when freeOn our exchange offer would us for could which we the you

question as to whether or not an allegedly desirable end dom. There is no promise, even if fulfilled, that would have

justifies false and evil means, perhaps we can do no better any value to us without our liberty. For this freedom we

than read again the immortal utterance of Abraham Lincoln are thankful.—November 21, 1943.

"You will never get me to support a measure which I believe to be wrong, although by doing so I may accomplish that which I believe to be right."He who makes an alliance Copyright. 1943

with evil for a present advantage is inviting future trouble.

False expediency always returns to be paid off.

—November 14, 1943.

C7 edom e are Jka T17ith almost unbelievable swiftness, * * another year has come and gone, to bring us again to the season of Thanksgiving—

a season in which we make grateful acJANUARY, 1944 21

BEN'S CHIMNEY BABY

By JEAN MOORE

try, and he grew to feel a great satisfaction in seeing the results which his work accomplished."

"Did Ben ever kill a wild animal?"

asked Tad, who still craved excitement.

"Well, yes, he shot a ferocious gopher who was ruining the garden patch.""Oh,"exclaimed Tad, considerably disappointed.

"But now to get on with the story.

One evening several Flathead Indians who had a grudge against the Rogers family up near Nevada Creek raided their house and kidnapped both Mr.

Rogers and his son, Charles. Almost as

soon as Mrs. Rogers gave out the news,

men from all over the valley were forming a searching party. The rescue was

not made, however, as the captives returned home after making an escape excited. the night. during Ben was much

-Illustrated by he'd done have of what He bragged Evans, Jr. John Henry

had he been in the Rogers'place; of

how he would have captured the In- 1 randpa Morgan seated not until the children were older, for dianshe wishedwho thatdid thetheykidnapping;would repeatand theirhowhimself inGthe old Boston rocking chair those days were dear to his heart and performance so that he might capture

beside the fireplace and gave a sigh of there was something sacred about them them for sure. Little did he realize that

contentment. Across from him sat that small minds could not yet apprehis opportunity would come much soonGrandmother Morgan, her knitting ciate. Tonight, however, he had a story er than he expected.

needles busy with their task of creating which he had saved for a long time, so "Early in the morning the Indian stitch by stitch the soft wool socks for after clearing his throat loudly he bealarm rang out, but Ben suddenly felt her husband. gan:

It pleased Grandmother and Grand- "Many years ago there lived a small hissuchheroismclose danger.leave himIt wasin muchthe faceeasierof

father Morgan to have their grandchilboy called Ben."to talk about what he would do 'if than

dren about them as they were this eve- "The same name as yours, grandpa."it was to act 'now.'Just before dawn,

ning; and indeed the grandchildren said Tad. Ben's father returned home with the

themselves needed no coaxing to visit "And he lived in a log house with a news that at least four of the Indians the homey little cabin built by granddirt floor,"continued grandfather, ighad been wounded and the rest frightinterruption, thefather himself for his noring bride of "and the winlong ago. ened away, but not till three white men

life originally glass in them."Although it had no dows had begun had been wounded.

as one room and a leanto, grandfa- "Why,"exclaimed Jane, "why ''If that were only the worst,'said ther, as the years went by and his famididn't it have a floor, grandpa, and he, looking at Ben's mother as though ly grew, had added a wing here and glass in the windows?"he dreaded to tell her the rest.

another there until the cabin itself had "Because,"explained grandfather, "'Is one of our neighbors killed?'she

no definite shape, but seemed to sprout "that was in the pioneer days and Ben's asked, her face pale with fear.

out of the earth. parents were pioneer people, which "'Even worse,'said Ben's father.

Grandfather Morgan had no sooner meant that they were attempting to 'Before the alarm the Jefferson's house arranged the old patchwork pillow bebuild a new home in a strange country. was attacked and both Jacob Jefferson

hind his back, humoring his pleurisy as Many hundreds of miles had they and Rosa, his wife, were killed.'

it, decalled before they traveled for thehe teams than a clamoring ox by at "Ben's her eyes mother dabbed beautiful start in theirstory story,"to cided began. Indian begged home "An the with Jefferapron. of her edge The it late in the Valley. smiled,small Grandfather was Tad. As Nevada Morgan

fine sons people been and had good fall arrived, therethinking they friendly of the Indians no was when many

It neighbors. the only bewas week floors, things for as in time early such and the fancyhe days had known who fore folks that valley the attended had just there glass left for old to as alone: windowpanes, only ofwished be

their raising evethe barn danced and little get to them. hisChief nowhere band Joseph, was with who ning to the through of accompaniment this the story at of time the to forced leave "Although hehad home harmonica Morgan's and Caleb Johnnine to young, be Si of about very white victim man's Ben washad beenloved—a fiddle. son's missed be would They on, treaties; grandfather "he exact,"went had of oldgreed and kind broken

in a-plenty the community. responsibilities the fingersFalling and clever Eagle, assumed known had whose "it killed, the too?'baby, 'And was time. for child pioneer soft offashioned pairs some of a beaded He many

moccasins for the little Morgans and had learned to shoot for the protection questioned Ben's mother.

elkskin jackets to protect growing it gave him against wild animals, for "'The Indians must have made off bodies against the quick winds of winpreparedness in case of an Indian atwith it for we could find no trace of it ter. But enough of reminiscing. Sometack, and for food. He learned that to anywhere,'replied Ben's father sadly.

time he would tell of such things, but live one must work in this new coun- 'We are organizing to the last man and 22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going after it immediately, and those heathen savages had better start regretting their sins in a hurry.'"After kind hands had removed the 3ma$

house,bodies to a neighbor's and Jhat Ben (L*ndiareseveral the tersmall by friends, awed rible tragedy and yet consumed with a By GEORGE P.

curiosity,childish insisted going upon cellar B ARBE R the Jeffersonthrough from house to garret. Finally, their curiosity satisfied, with out they had all wandered

exception of Ben, bestayed who had the Nearly1929, fifteena littleyearsarticleago,of inmineMarch,aphind to latch the door. As he slipped the peared in the Eva. It was called

latch into place and was about to leave, "Little Tads."The "little tad"men-

a curious muffled sound came to him tioned in the story was my son, from within the house. Thinking at who is now in the Naval Reserve atfirst that it might be the Jefferson's old tending the University of California.

tomcat, Peter, he called softly, 'Here Doubtless he will be going to war soon

Peter, Peter,'but soon he knew that it and will pass out of my life, for a time was all time. for least. not old Peter, the cat, but a baby at Perhaps But am I THE LITTLE TADTADTHATTHATWASISAND THE LITTLEinstead. little that I other blessed not have two

"Wild now with excitement, Ben retads, ages five and almost three? The

peated his search of the house. He younger one ran around the kitchen ing me his digging fork when the handle

searched every nook and corner, even table tonight and dared me to catch him. of mine broke as I was digging up the

taking the firewood from the wood box When I caught him and undressed him garden; and the wooden barriers which

and peering into the large dutch oven and washed his face and hands, he kept the soil in place were the donation which was built into the fireplace. climbed up on my knee and told me a of a man who is a member of my SunAt last, in despair, he braced himself truly preposterous story of the day's day School class in Martinez Ward.

upon a projecting rock and clutching events, poking his small finger under my He works for the P. G. & E., and for

another above it he looked upward into nose to emphasize his points. When I two years kept me in firewood in the

the wide blackened hole of the chimney. kissed him, he said, "That's a good form of discarded telephone poles and

There just above his head, on a flat kiss,"and he wriggled with contentment crossbars which he piled in my back builtin ledge, lay a small quilted bundle when I put him to bed. yard when I was not at home to assist

the baby. Jeffersonwhich indeed! garden, Carewas him. My quiet. wife was house The was My

fully, hands, trembling with and Ben the school our high play attending with in of light one a There was my its thereleased small prison, from baby the of daughters, one two was whom air raid neighbor's windows, and my his fast legs as as take could himand in Ellen O'Neill Table young Rose The discerned immediately eye warden's his to got hehe presented where home in the other Set and Himself, was it for strictly to according not that washis the bundle. precious with mother as not the chorus. so naive rise I am Now, I quickly did regulations. not But

"No one was ever certain just how to think that readers of the Era are and with stern and purposeful steps (rethe orphaned baby came to be placed particularly interested in the number inforced, of course, by the handy little upon the chimney ledge, but the general and activities of my family. I mention arm band) make my way to his front

opinion frantic mother had was that the that I think to Latterday because them with politely tell him, but door and it to hidein her desperation managed Saints, ideals the of family who cherish his that sarcasm, veiled he must draw there. Evidently the Indians'terrible life, homely little family incidents exshade. No, I hadn't the heart to do it,

cries cries the of hadwar drowned things that the endure. the emplify told afternoon that for not he very had

tiring itself little after the outbaby and little surely the tad was I knew of four When his son, youngest that the mething It off sleep. to dropped had was I the asleep, quietly slipped of out house in States the sons Army, was United

aftercompletely unharmed a and a bench that bit of and made my way to his parents that on leave? And is home

fast asleep. soon milk it was fresh warm the children's playhouse. beside Lookmissing? told he was And had been

"The entire valley was interested in ing over the back fence, I saw the dim that, when he told me the glorious news the 'Chimney Baby'as it came to be shapes of two white saddle ponies, and that the son had come home for a few called, several families offered to and night hay. munching Last I heard them alive and he was days—that well—he, regive it but a home, Ben's mother their rough they kept awake with me unemotional, cold I thought and whom

fused them all. and noisy play. And one of them a shiftworker in a steel mill, had to turn

"Fate had given it to her, she said, knocked a picket loose, which I had to his head to conceal his emotion?

and she could not bring herself to give repair this morning. But how could I

it up. ill principal resent the high school this or the harbor at any HHoday will—today "But had she been willing, she would pile of well- a gave the that their owner students "*- told the me war is

still have had Ben to reckon with, for rotted stable manure for my garden. I just beginning to come home to us. She

to him the chimney baby was his most have been told he is a selfcentered man, said the war could not be won on the precious possession. He insisted upon interested only in his own private afbattlefronts until it is won in the homes.

calling it Precious, and Precious it refairs. I can't believe this. In California, She pleaded for understanding between

mained."where carrots cost nine cents a pound individuals, and between nations, and

Jane looked up at Grandfather (if you can get them), wellrotted for charity. Are these hollow, neverto-

Morgan's face, her lips framing an unstable manure is as precious as the gold berealized ideals? Do they fall upon

certain question, "But, grandpa, grandburied in Kentucky. Is my geography empty ears, attuned only to the din of

ma's name is Precious."correct? cannon and battle plane? Did this plea

"So it is indeed,"said Grandfather Sitting there in the darkness, I could sound idealistic, academic, outof-date

Morgan, smiling at the sweetfaced litsee the outlines of five rows of green to the more than three hundred boys, tle lady across from him. peas growing in my garden. I say my many of whom will be in the service in

Jane looked from one to another garden, but was it really mine? A friend six months or less? No. They listened

as if the truth came slowly to her. of mine who teaches at the high school and were seriousfaced and impressed,

"Then, then grandma must have been had given me the seed; a mere acquaintand it is my firm conviction that they

the baby you found,"she stammered. ance who has a poultry farm out in the were touched to the heart by the mes-

"That's right,"replied Grandfather country had given me the fertilizer that sage of peace uttered in a time of war

Morgan, "and she's still my most premade the peas grow and flourish; a by their principal.

cious possession."neighbor of mine had insisted on lend- {Concluded on page 36)

JANUARY, 1944 23 PIONEER DIARY OF

1847—NEARING THE ROCKIES now

Thursday, August 26. Come up to the

crossing in 2 ms. where the rest of the

50 were just rolling out. L. Johnson &

others were starting for W [inter]

Quarters. Five 50's left here last Mon-

—the[day].waterThe rivernot overis of thea pebblywagonbottomhubs.

The country is very rugged with piles of red & black rock of every form & size.

No wood where we encamp 12 ms. from

the crossing. A bluff with cedar trees is

in our front 2 ms. distant. Without wood,

as I sat viewing the Camp I thought surely the Saints are a creative people for there is plenty of cooking going on.

Here is a small stream or rather slough & small springs, which serve for cooking. A bufffalo] & ant [elope] kill'd.

Trav. 14 ms. I wrote the following

"A Song of the Desert,"on the bank oi

Platte River.

Beneath the cloudtop'd mountain

Beside the craggy bluff Where ev'ry dint of nature Is rude & wild enough Upon the verdant meadow Upon the sunburnt plain.

WeUponwakenthe sandymusic'shillockstrain. broke the tongue which Capt. P[eirce] Left, the SweetwaterINDEPENDENCERiver; theROCKcleft in the backround route. the on Gate, pioneer Riter] Thouthe thick pine's Beneath soon branches & L[evi repair'd—myself of is wayfarersDevil's their carved on the names Rock for ages That has stood—quite ill since the walk I took yestfersandsduring era. the covered wagon the Beneath cedar humble

And the green Cottonwood—day]. Lie on sis. H[endrick's] bed till

the Beside broad smooth cattle river—the arrive, which are found by spring. flowing Beside the Peirce all the mor[ning], not able to sit that part of Beside the streamlet limpid that the com[pany] went

We often sit and sing. forward & are met by boys sent in that up. Trav. 1 2 ms.

Beneath the sparkling concave direction. Capt. Lfathrop] having disMonday, August 30. This mor. Capt.

stars in millions When come covered their tracks—4 are missing Pfeirce] had a vote called on the case strangers the pilgrim cheer To

br. bid us be at in home, are at of which at 2 o'clock brought And Hendricks—he

the lovely moonlight Beneath his place that those by to the went back by vote—we ispassthrownthe campout ofof her rays, night spreads Cynthia Where

In Wesocialjoingroupsin songswe ofgather.praise. last.PlatteWewheremoveweinencamp'dthe aft[ernoon],night beforeenCapt.of aboutN[oble],20 wagons—sis.G[rant], W&c.[eiler]consistingwith

blaze of firelight the by basin a an elevated on camp in twilight shadows CheeredWhen the cattle into fall where go the gathers darkness when And a mire—theyspot themPass onehavingferrygoneboat aheadnear theyes[terday].base of Inspacious our Around hall; are take oblig'd to

emotion With warm in trav[eling] giv'n. bosoms To youthfulall the the night—itthem up.is Talkcloudy;of dependenceSweetwater Creek—CattleRock, where arewestrew'dcross

in along the road side. Find a board yoke all & confine all some—they

saying, the mor. sign'd W[illard] In Westrainspraiseof purethe Goddevotionof heav'n. rains[them] in the ring. Snow

11 "Left the here oxen on 29th—lost in 27. seaStart Friday, good August 29. Start Sunday, the while August left bluffs rise since you."on The we is very insomuch smooth road is shining, yet ms., perhaps 6 goson—the moon is either this that a say side—some to record wishesthat P[eirce] Capt. me is [there] beautiful a where stream 6 the of stop commencement "pass"—we Isaac] of Fath[erthe circumstance till half or stop feed very past 10 & in thro'2 environ an between which & first hill for time. riding the upChase till 11. four, then past go on x/z runs the singular Welittle openSweet-water—a1 springs saltpetre sev[eral] pass &We near the Sweetwater encamp when we in bluff rises ing the which perhaps Yi 1 1 cattle. enof 10 carcasses orthe We with Pres. our broken Comfpany], in side height [Devil's one on majestic in environ with ancamp G[rant] Capt. [John] go Yfoung] & althree ahead ms. 2nd 50 mileGate]—the spring. cold sloughcreek 1 & his [rant] on. sent Capt. 2 having ofbluffs—a G cattle. the loss of disabled most by

is mountainous very country &The Br. Capt. with N[oble]. wag[ons] 12 road. Trav. ms.—sandy piles lying of strew'd rockrocky. Large Sis. Hfendricks] thrown Wfeiler] &. 8. at 31 Start Capt. Tuesday, August surface, the barren ornamentedabout & in their starting of out out place by stop L[athrop]'s breaks and wagon we ms. 20 redwith a in front. perplaces ground many The moss—trav. first at the basin the on encampment—a fectly saltpetre white Saleratus or with 28. the herd Saturday, August When feed, river of of with the side 3 good

is brought up, nearly half are missing or some other composition. The bluffs the Pueblo soldiers arrive [Battalion

rise one above late having arrangement been madeA California]—the like looks a densefor the herding Capt[ain]s to take the up at eve. anothercloud—alltill theof irregularfarthest menother returningpart of thisfrom50 comeby turns—last night was Capt. height & terminating in peaks at unPresi- the ferryboat used passed companies by xThe distances. equal road from where The turn.P[eirce's] N[oble] Jos. B. Capt

crossing Pioneers advance Brigham Young's [feed] is sandy very on. we bait 6 their teams have seems thedent go road Rock. Independence Sweetwater below& those who in The

alkali here lands. the passes through was As this out in opening of a rugged an the laid harness'd before buggy was Our

first passing experience through emigration of enalongthe our

Sis. closure. P[eirce] in. made me a dish holdingherd the horses cattle, district, to this came so fatal losses heavy. the were I was

the along wayside. numerous were beneficial of is very tea which horses 1 of the unto my became

to Salt City. Kirtland A. Little, Lake From

circle health, a rode round having with mothfer] p. & Their—JamesI. carcasseswhenmanageable—tookabout 1

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The broken wheel is rigg'd in 3 hours are stop'd for the examination, after the Sunday, September 5. Our wash'd

from the time we stop'd & all is well teams were neutraliz'd. The road very clothes frozen stiff this mor. on the line

Some baptisms attended in the eve. Br. sandy. Hear at night that Sister G[rant] & bushes. The Pioneers called this aH[endricks] in the rear of [Levi] Riter. is better—They stop 6 m[ile]s in the little short of 300 m[ile]s to the Valley.Capt. Pfeirce] says he shall have his rear—a show'r before night. Trav [eled] Here is a mile board 230 ms. to [from]

place tomorrow. Moth[er] Cfhase] 12 ms. & Sis. up. Ft. comes Br. Woodward [Fort Johns Laramie] fine day

I have a vis [it]. Trav. 8 ms. ter [Jedediah child to- M.] Grant's died the & and of pretty good—some. The day. the way, very bluffs so not 1. Wednesday, roadsandy—the Start September a

high a greater distance & at than for aquarter before 9 the overtake and 2nd Caroline Grant, written To Mrs. on long time. Sup on apple dumpling. Trav. little50 a before 12 meet- 8 encamp. hearing of the death of A her little child. 18 ms. ising call'd an when effort is made by

6. for Monday, not that that's Mourn September sweet Capt. gone, gem N[o-neutralizing the strength the of teams

it Altho'priz'd dear: you ble's] wagon which broken yest. was assistto the lost 2nd resurrection 50 The have 25 morning dawn

repair'd. Sis. Is drawing W[eiler] left very near. some who left since allhead they quite whous—not time ago comes rear. up in our It disease,by We return'd to 'twill your was some few yours were own be &

enc[amp] seasons to yet come: on the Sweetwater having [anie]sother comp that had been in the loan'd. Yes,In eternity next cross'd it twice today yest. & onceCapt. [Willard] 'Twill assistance ask'd ornament your home. Snow

Stop about of the most time duty, sayingas a not he beholden 3—rains was spirit's Her mould was loveliness till cold &to Replete with placid &c. any man, charms: Capt. &c, night—very [Jedediah

She's in perfect gone the holiness mile 240 b[oar]d. 8 Trav.blustering—pass ms. spirit of manifested G[rant]M.] a in rest Jesus'arms. To Tuesday, September 7. Snowstorm Itmeekness with spoke &c. wisdom, &

a sweet a precious child—that the mention'd be Capt[ain]swas borne away: 'TwasA rosebud

That beauteous on the for parentauthorized the to act stem com[pany], gem last—thenight.stormThiscontinuedmor. I wash'dtill 11.in snowWe

inafter their in judgment& yoke whatever 10—snow'd was Will bloom in future day.—Sept. 4. 1847 tervalsstarted thro'at */ thepastday. along All the way toproper to be put service of cows,

hills in places intolerably &heifers, calves, &c. the thought Some rocky—the Friday, 3. September saying board A bluffs white with snow. call'd This it objected, oppressivemotion but & is to 200 ms. last at Fort our Johns Ridge.""Wind Trav. 10 ms. majority. carried the 5 ms. Trav. bywas night's enc[ampment]. late start We 8. Wednesday, September This mor. road for very 8 ms. aft[erIn sandy the as 2. were eveLast about starting Thursday, we September Harvey

strait noon] pass a 2 we between P[eirce] [ning] others pleasure hearing of the up, had came & informing we ridges of the river 3 us mountains—cross that the salt tasting Pioneers of Valley thefrom some disms. were &

times, before soldiers which meet we tant small a would party be Lake, us. the Great withfrom by & 2 went We15 1 Pioneers with 8 perhaps a 6 wagons & to ms. place a pioneers soldiers of with 3of wagons enc[ampment] & when herd of loose oxen, the enc[amp] on night. last brethren 2that got ready on up in horseback came rear, our We riv[er] last the near have thought crossing—we best in to startto the Capt. to morn[ing], go the next stream,

1 the pass'd saleratus lakes, yespass'd and stops. while our Capt.P[eirce] out moves & wagons were many, t[erday] Trav. morfning]. 12ms. standing side B.] N[oble] side Grant [Jos. by waitingJedediah for the & M.

4. Saturday, September Gleason J. repair of the crossing, that saying Young J[ohn] up thosecome rode men

I us, parts with furnish'd having him hastily load must this take couldsaid 50 more oxen fright & took & past—the to Sis. saleratus carry a to bag L. we in almost the wagons, a &c. examine go, momentnot perhaps 20 They wagons having springs. pass'd the Br. [Jesse in arrives were rapid length motion.at move cross'd we Many on—word Little [a returning pioneer the from CI the in of different stream [wife Caroline]that Sis[ter Grant directions. Many Salt Valley, en route to the EastLake lives of is expos'd, apprehensive dying were thro'but the M.]Jedediah proern States us, takes tea Mission] with tecting disthe but of pow'r to back come no one God me was much—wishes with satisfaction. 2 mutual are now I We I call'd hurt is walk. farther no materially can than injur'd.tance wagon & We miles the valley. 300 from Br. Y.'s her a m[ile] went in farther the her the spenton & day mor[ning]—found child in youngest died last night. bed teeth. with the her Pioneers. cleaning in Hersitting Pres. bed [Brigham]

Kill'd 6 ms. are back buf[falo], They that Y[oung], yet H[eber] bad, I hope C. K[imball], & thinksymptoms & ant [elope] sheep. Trav. & a mt. spoke recover. Grant Capt. will sup'd 7 ms. Afmasa]she Lyman us. The 2nd withs

for this stop Trav. 3 50 to not matter 50 came up. it did ms.as if

THE PIONEER JOURNEY till to his other campfor the Thursday, 9. September Last night on Dates are the those map on which the adis seems ms. a fewwhich to vanced all under company arrived Brigham at Young guard neglected weahead—itget was about 40 &

points, is these hut the route in the described same that order Y[oung's] we J[ohn]be by horses stolen. arm'd & mules comAn this of instalment the diary.

pany] was put on the track—late this

eve, 2 horses are brought in by one of the comfpany]. The forepart of the

day very cold—I spent it with Moth-

[er] Chase. Had a spiritual treat wherein both rec'd great blessings. She said

certain intelligence should come to me thro'the proper channel, &c. We then

enjoy'd a treat of tea & pancakes.

Friday, September 10. The com-

[pany] return'd with only three horses.

(Continued on page 55) 2I was sitting on the back of a twoseated carriage, holding a pair of high strung horses with all the strength I could exert. I prayed with all the fervency

of my spirit. I knew full well that if they once started

nothing could stop them. Sister Peirce and her daughter, with whom I was traveling, after making inefefforts fectual

I horses was holdingto stop andone oftooktheirthemteams,by thecamebits.to theSo

frightened were they, that although they made no attempt to move, their flesh shook with a tremor from head to foot. My arms were lame for several days.

We arrived at our encampment and spent the day with the Pioneers. President Brigham Young, Heber C.

Kimball and Amasa M. Lyman took supper with us.

Eliza R. Snow, Journal History, this date.

3See Journal this History, date. Eliza R. Snow's

Vol. Poems, President p. 183. told Eliza Young

to stay with at the "Clara"I, in Fort the Valley

JANUARY, 1944 25 Poetry

kJ9h>jBwBm0bidflkJV

NEW RHYTHMS ALL THIS WILL COME JENNIFER'S TOAST

B# Blanche Kendall McKey By Celia Keegan i By Janice Blanchard

Swift wings, leave me not behind! SOMEDAY the soil of battlefields Jennifer Jean is making some toast. Waken my eyes that they may see your Will change to waving grain, "I won't burn any"—oh, childish boast!

tall feel that sons sheen; mothers young purple And

is pile butter; lavish with growing The feel in vain. flesh reared the not been to sun of day HaveQuicken my

cutter. piece a each with cooky She shapes call the ears to hearAnd my

bring a roar clouds shaking dark When horn. tomorrow's from faindy echoesThat everywhere, There's sugar and cinnamon stars suns, Obscuring or

Swift wings, tears shall not afright me, That storm will come from nature's whim And strawberry jam is streaked in her hair.

guns. death; not from of face the manmade AndNor little turns a burn, red from thumb Her

I strife; resolute in can be take one a turn. But no else may the hours will pass in peace, Someday feel let the kindlingBut of your flight me

that nights bring a moon eyes. And sunlight andWind on my face She alternates in my

fear of skydealt Will stir no death... With raisin toast—herwhole wheatchief anddelight.white it that grant soon! swing; be heartbeat of a world is in your GodThe

Let me flash beside you in the blue. The staff of life is a treat today,

Swift wings, O leave me not behind! For Jennifer's toast is enchantingly gay!

"A CHARMING MAID"WHAT IS FAITH? By Ruby D, Stoker EVERYWHERE

By Edna S. Dustin NATURE is a charming maid By Grace A. Cooper

With many gowns and sashes:

ghosts such friendly were is In spring her she something cannot touch, shows that we dimpled smiles THEYFaith dismantled room, In that lashes. tears her upon Then trailing in the northward Like swallows

called she home; had The room spring; a bright In green summer—dons last closing.... the door's dress This was night clothes earth in shadowed lace lovely roses. All trimmed withWhen

it's such curls binds she her day Each upon stranger, a had She come sleeps folded near with of posies. knowing varied day wreathAs A their hearts; to her they took And wing. this time In coquette, gay autumn life her It had been

its child kneeling with hands twoA small fancies! colors gorgeous Such them; find to leave To friends—only cupped flaunts her reds golds deepest She and each one Yet

for for Christmas a toyAsking dayrevelries dances. In and the door. there stood as by she Remembered,

Like a spiritual wine that you have slowly In winter—an aristocrat Became a bright gem in the circlet

sipped With stately mien and bearing; Of her mind.

dress sparkling of creamyIt's that A place in sons mothers something she whispered, so white And too, diamonds, she's wearing! And away. march for to hear, ghosts Not

sacrificing for It's praying, peace, world nice, finds nice people such "One like the earth cleansing love willThat wash Everywhere."

rain And tensioned nerves will once more find release; RESOLUTION

It's that I know I'll feel your arms again.

By 2nd Lt. Lavelle Walker

A YOUNG AMERICAN SPEAKS I Toknowrummageit is notin wisethe chest

It's best memory. By Christie Lund Coles Of

softly tread where lies To AH,AnddeathI, I dois annotadventurefear it, TheSo dusthappilyof yearsfor me.that passed

Unless it be inglorious I know that I shall be

With rotting of the spirit; Content if I may cast

Aside desire to see Rather I wish that there could be The hills, or summer's dress death: chance for than oneMore

at his laughing PorthosWith friends, mm AtIntohome,reality.then forward press

Too weak to save his breath; So I prepare the plan

allotted work. Of my

Sir Nigel and RolandWith I shall task This not shirk—

to a noblerWishing way reminisce again. Nor die; WHEN PILGRIM MOTHERS CALLED out Kelly Colin goingWith

Against an alien sky; By Lucretia Penny But oh! This foreign land is robed with

spring! nations unconquerableWith their called children, from games, to sing? the begun woods Pilgrim at home So have

gallantry, in dieTo dignified names. still and to somber lilacs Answered profusely the bloom do And

heinous might and greedDefying the Across of our room? open window

purity! Hopestill. dream's white haste, aFor now, Make Come my

Delight.

Temperance! Endurance! It soon Will be ENCOURAGEMENT

night. MILKY WAY Comfort, bring little Rejoice and see By Anne Pendleton

be. Unity and can Hateevil By Jeanette P. Parry Where

frown. Because you like the plumage of a swaldaughter, Deliverance, must not you

flint charger low, black known as night It is time to come in. The sun goes down.That

It does not mean the bird can sing; the pastel bars leaped of day. Has

His starstrewn trappings'brilliant light Pilgrim children, called from their games, And yet within its throat may lie a lyric

Frets the path of the Milky Way. Answered to sober and dignified names-. - That only yoursencouragement can bring.

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

\\ Take Thee //

(& fKita koaien /f/iller y A SHORT SHORT STORY happened about 9:00 a look around before I turned in foro'clock. JTAt least, some of the Pullthe night. But the milling around in

I were being andmans up made soon

I out a halfwere and about an hour we mm theturnedstationto gowasbackworse,to the andberth was of Los Angeles. I could remember wishing I had never left.

in highthe clock the thronged and right get I couldn't on back my it Stationceilinged had and Union particusmall but a There was little the car. after p.m. 7:00been a when larly of standing people group happy

train.call for through came my steps. the somearound There was

Stathat thing about Union arresting thing them. about They

I all waitpeople the sawtion—forStrange distinguished, a surrounded all had for ining lobby the immense and greyhaired a with good man; and place the "busyness,"the apparent

all of trying excitement deal were quiet, expectant. seemed Maybehad to shake goodbye and hands and say

felt expectant. hadit was I who lastminute messages. I shoutdon't know why, except that nothing had happened to me for so long. And then—outside the circle of

laughing friends, but part of it-a

I had been in training on the desert pair of brown eyes, the brownest for several months and you should eyes I had ever seen. They were

have seen the whoops when the fursoft and meaningful and friendlyloughs came through! Of course, looking. The girl must have sensed

that was momentous in our sandy, I was looking at her because she cactusstrewn lives, but as soon as quickly glanced at me and then we had been on the highway and turned back to join in the solicitainto town for a while and got used tions for the traveler. I suddenly

to seeing green lawns and shade wanted to talk to her and laugh with trees and tall buildings again, life her. I was wishing I had more time

had resumed its natural proportions. when the train started that steamy

Already, I had almost forgotten the puffing again and the porter began closeness of the hued desert nights to urge his greyhaired passenger up -Illustrated by steaming, endless, grimy afterwhen, "I thought get I'd of from group the happy away Nelson White off look and around tents fell into hot exhausteddays, we friends. I hustled I up after him, and before in turned

and bunk houses intimate with the for the night."as he stopped to talk from the platcrawling and creeping things of the form I hurried past into the car todesert. ward my berth when there in the

I didn't know exactly why I was It's no good to be morbid and semidarkness something stopped going back home when my time was sentimental. Not long before, I had me.

so short. I would have to start back resolved that if another person gave Of all places and of all times, surealmost as soon as I got there, but me that long sad eye and sympaly my ears were deluding me! Above

then Mom would feel bad if I were thetic concerned frown, I'd take certhe preparatory bustling of the train ever shipped out without even gettain measures.., came the stirring harmony and inting a chance to come home once in vigorating spirit of "Oh, Ye Mountwo years. I couldn't quite undertains High"! The song had thrilled

stand why I wasn't more anxious to 1 glanced at the watch me ten years before sitting on the go home—-it wouldn't be the same as June Anne had sent me for Christfront row with the deacons. The

it used to be, not exactly, but the mas. June Anne's my kid sis, and familiar words and melody made me

family was still there and I'd had she has her first job. It was just like turn impulsively. Why, that was

I felt funny in the pit of mysome pretty swell times in the ward! her to buy me something with her home!

I wasMaybe, I'd be more excited when we first check. Just 9: 15. The long twistomach. Almost instantly

pulled into the Salt Lake station. light had finally disappeared relucback on the platform and as the gay, tantly and a small moon to the east smiling group below swung into

At last my berth was next. It was gave out its halfhearted light. The "Carry On!"my heart actually catasleep I needed. Last night had been train had been stopped a few minpulted with joy. The sluggishness in

a long series of moving from one utes at a suburban station, but it was my being seemed to uncurl and displace to another. Once released from puffing and making a general racket appear. Before I knew it I joined into

the camp the boys just had to let off from somewhere. The noise died the chorus with everything I had,

at my sidea little pressure—and there was away, and the car settled down with and the greyhaired man

plenty of noise. It helped to keep a jar. After sitting a moment and grasped my hand as he compreyour sense of humor. The boys had not liking the sudden quiet inertia of hended my knowledge of the words.

helped me a lot those two long years. the car, I thought I'd get off and take (Continued on page 52)

JANUARY, 1944 27

Books

THE SURVIVAL OF WESTERN of Boston University, Massachusetts. ConCULTURE For Young Creative Folk hood,fined tosheherdevelopedbed for tena completelyyears of hersatisfychild- (Ralph Tyler Flewelling. Harper and

life herself, in for miniature ing and wasBrothers, pages. York. $3.00.) 304 New is organization Primary 'T'he of signs pity anyone showed amazed when director straightthinking the A book by planning sponsor ento and shortness. for of she her her because As

the of of philosophy, University school in creative expression courageA analytical her she matured, maintained is California,of Southern welcome. always as of as sense well her She fields humor. powers different the during

stirs into many Flewelling the readerDr. always before unfold world a whole makes new children the year coming amongthinking. those teach answers he Here who reader. C. the of the astonished mind J. M. the of the church. of Examples civilithe culturethat of hardwon Western

zation is on the decline and will in time finished work of the boys and girls PARACHUTES perish. To him, the changes of the age are will be featured in The Children's (Herbert S. Zim. Illustrated. Harcourt,

signs not of disintegration, but of growth. Friend. Activity in writing, drawBrace and Company, New York.

in to believes of progress, a never lawHe pages. 252 1942. $2.50.) painting, ing, modeling, clay wood

fortifies defeated. This viewbe with he an is exciting timely both and book carving, other soap and any and THIS ofanalysis the real sciof today's meaning

all us of have become when nowadays will of creative form be workentific, social, spiritual economical, and the airconscious. increasingly Even when it is If to acceptable. impossiblethinking. he him, be expected from would As

is will steady a over, there be demand war finished Prithe to piece thestresses send the individual the importance of their use has since much parachutes, for in purposive, universe. a progressive office,man de- a photograph and mary value. book time commercial The and peace

for the survival he argues and growthWhile sufficient. will scription In the be authentically questions will answer manyof our presentday possessions, he warns is it field that writing suggested valuthe of interestingly. many and One is It pitfalls for the theof a unwary.

is that author the short, the of children simple features able write bookheartening, the hopebegetting conbook, the to development continuity given a has stories, adventures, personal intents even sketched cannot a be which it that takes emphasizing the parachute, of are talks as or short such poems,brief A. W. achieve. to ofreview.—/. generations and men many in School. given Sunday

]. C.—M. MEDICAL COUNSELORMODERN rerules are the following The

Practical to Health GuideA ESCAPE HISTORY CANNOT WE material submitted garding Dr. Swartout,(Hubert M.D., P.H. O. Macmillan Whitaker. Company, T. (John

)Pacific Association, Publishing Press original the ( All be must work 1 1943. pages. $2.75.) 374 York. New

it, California. the child View,Mountain submitting of and work title his from takes T. Whitaker pages. $12.00.) John given. his926 must be age and name

of to message Lincoln's Congress Dewhite must be on done Drawings (2) is distinctly guide, household a'"Phis such this 1, the author In 1862. book, cember ink. India with paper drawing (3) is is It in * as every home. needed modern certain events and occurred points out why clear sharp be Photographs and must It in upto-date. answers, withand harmony them. tells occasioned the about men who to All reproductions. good make (4) thethe best of health questions knowledge,

is this situations, a In of book world view written manuscripts be one on must arise that of disease the in course familyand it will find imperathe that wellinformed the side only, of paper and no manuIt falls living. individual into sevenand read, read, tive to having and, encourage will scripts the returned. be Only (5) constructionsections: of action and The cortrained author, to read. others a The will will published. best be Others treatrational causesthe and body; human analysis capable respondent, gives a good, receive mention. All honorable (6) disease; the family; of and homement home

/. of C. world material to sent Chilmust be events.—M. The tohospital; them; emergencies meet and how

Friend, 39 their dren's diseases, treatments; and specifichome I'VE CLIMBED Bishop's Building, SUNWARD City 1, Utah. Salt Lake diagramsnature and treatment. Numerous Macmillan Com- (Hermann Hagedorn.

help pictures, of colored,and them many 1942. $1.75.) 166 pages. York. pany, New

text. inclarify the the statements made poignant delightful altogether and This this in especially valuable are dayThose

poetic this for of the great whose Magee, don biography capJohn done work by of school high people out young comewhen its the explorer able with of zenith posthumous the and understanding reached career an of college with a knowledge meagreand

Flight,"his the habitats peoples of publication worked. and "High he where poem their bodies. ofthe physiology and anatomy

all that will to wish /. affords experience C. an—M. in statement, to meet comprehensiveThough

for the fashioned has enjoy. author The LITTLE LOCKSMITH is THE clearthe simply needs,existing and book

spirited normal, of story boy the reader a Butlerly (Katherine written. Hathaway. Cowardlife the gift for poetry makes and whose its Inc., It kind, is of excellent "1943. York. and volume an McCann, New appealing. /. particularly C. book M. It will pages. par- $2.50.) 237 highly be be recommended.can

ticularly useful before the doctor—/.comes.A W. *-Poignantlyfy most readersdifferent,whothiswishbookto willregainsatisan MY(LouisNATIVEAdamic. LANDHarper Brothers, New

into insight for the childhood, through eyes 1943. pages. $3.75.) 507 York. STAR A LUCKYUNDER

is elfin this child, veil of the torn from away Press, Viking Andrews. Native's to and sequel Return(Roy Chapman The girl's life, a sensitive able are to and we pages. 1943. $3.00.) York. 300 writes the authorNew Passage, AS TwoWaya soul. bare read

of domination and Axis of the Yugoslavia the author in 1890, the daughwas the Into desperation. of this book pages Butler, faculty of theRoyplorer,Chapmanhere recapturesAndrews,the lifetimeromance exof terBornof Frank Roscoe

his activity. He made his travels for the creep poignant stories, tender and moving,

benefit of the American Museum of Natural such as the love story of Bozha and BahHistory, of whose staff he was a member tch, and the letter of Marko to his unborn from 1906 to 1941. child. Strangely enough, even among the

Dr. Andrews'work was done for the persecutors of the Yugoslavs were found

most part in the Orient where the field was those who rebelled against their brutal fresh and virtually untouched. The one slaughter and refused, even at the cost of

sight that Dr. Andrews said stirred him their own rives, to perpetrate that which

more than any other sight on earth was the they felt was wrong.

Great Wall of China, "not the Sphinx, nor This book will do much to insure an unthe Taj Mahal by moonlight, nor the Pyrderstanding of the spirit that permeates amids, nor any of the Seven Wonders of countries where countless millions of peothe World."ple, even under the stress of dire circumThe book makes stimulating, different stances, dare to fight and die for liberty.

reading, and will give a genuine apprecia-—M. C. J.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AGAINST THIS ROCK (Louis Zara. Creative Age Press, Inc., New York. 1943. 635 pages. $2.75.) REVERIES

Louis Zara has done exceptionally well in IN A

V ofrecreatingSpain. theThelifeauthorand timeshumanizesof Charlesthis

great emperor and clothes him with the flesh and blood of reality, rather than the pomp CHURCHYARD of history. Tracing the life of Charles from

indicates birth to his death, his Zara Mr.

to prevent By MINTA MACK desire that the emperor's was war rather than wage it. However, the

world of intrigue into which he was born to it for impossible the monarch made Jo/ne i/em human to intrigue extended the world. unite This

prime Luther, the mover church, and Martin in the aravedide mudlnad his in Protestantism, place is given book.

Wellwritten, this novel will fire the imagination of its readers with the persistent "ere lie the remains of Mrs. John Wren, who died August 13, 1792,

dream of Charles that the world must evenElizabeth Davis, the late conaged 28 years.

if it is to progress as tually attain peace, sort of the Reverend Thomas for different idea entirely an What "H it should.—M. C. J. Fairfax. She of Davis, Rector the first one extolling the epitaph; was rean

THORNAPPLE TREE lated to several of the most respectable virtues of the deceased, and the second (Grace Campbell. Duell, Sloan and Pearce, families of Virginia and Maryland, one, a warning from the deceased

New York. 1943. 230 pages. $2.50.) lived deservedly esteemed by all the herself.

title, will caras its died this book and of her acquaintance, worthyRefreshing

I went into the church, a delightful, of the world ry the reader from away justly lamented, of May, on the 9th day hard reality to one of joy and homemaking 1800, Anno Aetatis 59."little, redbrick, ivycovered church,

and neighborliness. Somehow dropping into which must be a joy to the eyes of ar-

a century ago, one feels the vigor and As I finally succeeded in deciphering tists, and went to the box pew where wholesomeness of the living then—and the epitaph which filled the entire side George Washington used to sit. I

the that of early wishing a somesomehow small, marble the weatherworn, of sat in and gate the and went opened is virtues revived. could There be homely I to visthere trying stood headstone, little there while. for was a As down free the outof-doors of the a breath and life of the times esteemed ualize the and began, still services before time some life the of rover a doubly which book make cut history lady. her whole was Here I E. the Robert to where went pew to envacations appealing be have when

little that, at the in stone, stone a and sit servattended he to used when Lee C. /. joyed vicariously.—M. all the words, but years worn had away neither ices. of those to say, StrangeDEDICATION illegible. almost The making them comfortmore famous was any pews

of pictures the United (Text and her tipped Nations. stone but sunken, and was I sat visitor's the pew, where than able

Jennison. KeithArranged Warren by still in that little history old remains service. during the York. Holt and Company, Henry New in Virginia. churchyard

1943. $2.50.) pages. 98 I again ended, service After the

This unusual book, taken from excerpts "She was related to several of the walked through the churchyard, and of speeches made by leading men of our most respectable families of Virginia glanced again at Sarah Wren's headtimes and reproduced with authentic picand Maryland,"I mused. That, in those stone.

tures from this warring world, should receive days, probably meant the richest as wide acceptance because of the potency of well. I saw her as a young girl roam- "All you that come my grave to see

the photographs. as as well statements the I soon you may be."am now ing hills in beautiful of As search those

the last the of appear In the book pages quaint flowers wild in the and berries, first side of the ludicrous At I saw pictures, that anyfor credits so and words one who wishes may know who spoke the colonial costumes of those days, and it. Sarah did not say whether she was

words as they appear in the text. M. C. J. again as a young lady, with frills and strumming a golden harp, or keeping

furbelows and hoop skirts; the pride of the homefires burning. And then I

JOURNEY INTO AMERICA the ball, the envy of her girl companthought of the serious side and how

Peattie. Houghton, Culross ions, (Donald the hope of every young and man I is! after true that Sarah, now, am

Mifflin, Boston. Company, all acquaintance. of her of them And fifty years, nearly one hundred and 1943. $3.00.) pages. 276 she a minister. the chose of "Consort epitaph, reading one your hundred and

indicates, a the title is what book the epitaph Davis,"Reverend ThomasThis fifty will others years from now, and the the history meaninto and journey records. of reading things mine. be have A lot the roots for searching In ofing America.

which have made the tree of liberty thrive, He must have been a gay young happened, Sarah, since those words the author has done a really magnificent job blade for a minister, to win such an eswere engraved upon your headstone;

of infusing into those roots the vigor of teemed little lady; or possibly she was things that in your day would have

the present based on the sometimes too little one of those timid, devout little bodies seemed utterly impossible, and things not Peattie past. does Mr. And inknown will next the undoubtedly happen believed that reading even who on

those to against outhesitate speak who fifty that years hundred and today seem thought a sin, her soul Sunday and was discriminate those against Ameriwould just as impossible. toLet's back come in safer the of keeping be would one is yellow. or black skin red orcans whose gether, Sarah, me, hundred and one you servants. of God's accordHowever, dethe his dealing with ends chapterHe

fifty see years and from and now, what ing inscription to the her headstone, on rights Linof of with thesevelopment men coln's ringing cry: "What constitutes the her life ended when she was only fiftyhas happened since we left. And let

bulwark of our liberty and independence? nine years old. us invite Elizabeth Davis, the minister's

It is not our frowning battlements, our wife, to come with us. We will visit

bristling seacoasts, the guns of our war T wandered around in the churchyard the churchyard where your headstone gallant of our strengthsteamers, or the if stands, leans, rather or see and and found this message from annowarmy.... still can decipher your then name; we other grave:

is liberty of reliance in the love "Our if to headstone go and see we will my in planted has our bosoms.which God Our it looks then as looks Elizayours now. that to see come you grave my is in the liberty preservation ofdefense as "All beth to see today would shocked be

I all in all heritagethe of lands be. men, every'now, soon As you am may differently ministers their how and italics Lincoln's. the arewhere."And turn to Repent and in time God dress wives in act than they and did studied, written, Beautifully carefully

Journey into America offers an experience For I was taken in my prime."your day; I wonder what they will be

that Americans will not wish to—M.forego.C../ This was from Sarah, the wife of likenow! one hundred and fifty years from

JANUARY, 1944 29.

The Church On UBiii iflftiiniJfth "Bh "fflfr- "*iti "*rS '""*** "

Ben Lomond Stake congregation has seen steady growth: in Canadian Mission President

Arlington Chase and 1938 Chevy Willis of UrOctave Appointment its the peak from nearby'T'aking name it; the from with branches formed were in first the counselor former **senbach, * the range, of the Ben Wasatch it in of stake organization 1940, a was presias presidency, Stake Lethbridge organized Stake NovemwasLomond called a on Washington Sunday Ward; anMission the of was Canadian dent of the division 21, aber Ogden by in eightyone as as 1941 January many first the 27, nounced by NovemberStake. premembership were recommends late the succeeds presidency. Joseph He fortystake, hundred one The new it in disented; 1941 and October was 19. died September Jr., Quinney, who insixth membership church, the has a the to and vided Washington form of the president former Smith, A. David in theof 5,700, approximately Ogden has brought Capitol wards. The war the president of Mission, and Canadian Twentyfirst, Eighth,Seventh, TwentyIn faces the to Washington. new many acthas Mission, been Square Temple Farr, andninth, Ogden, Lorin North booklet: anniversary the of words mission. the president of ing Stake, wards.Pleasant Ogden View

with an approximate membership of The feelings of the first congregation are President Ursenbach, who was born in relived great church today measure by Sixth, Fourth, the has6,300, Ogden filled from 1914 to a mission Utah, first in for services the attend members who Thirteenth, Eden, HuntsTwentieth, States. in the Northern 1916 participation, in thankfulness

ville, Liberty wards. and fortime—pride beauty, the quietness glad and exquisite

first formerly Budge, Arthur in Periodicals Church Currently W. familiar of recognition Saint Latterday

counselor in the Ogden Stake, was susfeatures, and humility before the spirit of the tained as president of the Ben Lomond chapel which has grown richer with each The Instructor

Stake, with Francis A. Child, formerly year. "Reatured in the December Instructor,

second counselor in the Ogden Stake, *- publication of the church Sunday as first, and Bishop Harold S. Campbell Old Deed schools devoted to gospel scholarship

as second theof North Ogden Ward excerpts from are training, teacher and in England, deed, old executed Ancounselor. Price AlCarroll's S. Robert Dr. What 19, signed Oliver April 1798, and by re- ** G. Samuel President was Dye articles Henry by John cohol?; two of grandparents Snow, Rockselena and of Stake the president astained Ogden Prophet"Truly Modern Evans—"A givbeen has President Lorenzo Snow, the of Evans H. Bishop Lawrencewith of the Book Through "Conversions and office historian's for the to church en BelArias G. BishopSixth and Ward psycholteaching in studies Mormon"; is believed to safe keeping. deed The counas Fourth of the newnap Ward Wiland Merkley G. Marion by ogy hisarticle the oldest held the by beselors. instalments second the liam E. Berrett; offiice. torian's stake the was of formation new The of "Pioneers Palmer's R. of William

of Elders direction the John A.under Ivins'S. Stanley Utah,"and Southern of Excommunications Spencer andWidtsoe W. Kimball Balthe of account Ivins"; an W. 10, "A. born August James LeRoy Athay, twelve. of the councilthe Sir relations with Walfamily's lantyne 1890. 16, 1943, Excommunicated August

Thirteenth Ward, Emigration Stake. ter Scott, by Archibald F. Bennett; and

Canning Report Edna Katherine Kaggie Blair, born June a "Happy New Year"song by Anna

A T the close of the canning season in 5, 1915. Excommunicated August 29, 1943, Johnson and Alexander Schreiner.

at Sparks Reno Stake. Ward,** that reports in showed November outlines have been issued Lesson Everett Bourne, Paul an elder, born Auat the teachers'been processed cans had 653,615 of supplementary form 15, the 3, 1920. October gust Excommunicated

home canning unit at Salt Lake City's 1943, at Lanford Branch, New England manuals and, except for Primary, KinWelfare Square by independently orMission. dergarten, and Nursery, no longer apganized quorum, ward, and stake Richard R. Lyman, apostle, born Novempear as departments in The Instructor.

groups. ber 3, 1870. Excommunicated November Contents have assumed the nature of a

Salt City. 12, 1943, Lake intereducational asof general following: magazine the includes The total born Bird Savage, Louise NovemMary issue, the est. January with 145,957; Beginning peas, cans; 17,825paragus, 28, 1895. November Excommunicated ber

forwill appear in new Instructor 149,957; string beans, 26,562; beets, The States at Sheridan, Northwestern 1943, 23,corn, 135,028; tomatoes, 119,527; toMission. mat—handy pocket size.

mato juice, 51,245; carrots, 2,402; veniJesse Mathers Savage, born July 19, 1898.

son, 1,239; miscellaneous, 2,394. Excommunicated November 23, 1943, at Deseret News Church Section

Mission. States Sheridan, Northwestern suppleis largthe plant weekly Salt News,"Church Lake City "The The born Sprague, Ellen Marjorie Braden

to brought church the set canneries of est up by News, the Deseret of the ment 14, 1912. November Excommunicated July

Welfare program for use by the mem23, 1943, Northwestern States Mission. readers during the latter part of Nobers in preserving surplus harvests. vember and the forepart of December a

Root Cellar digest of current church news of the

Washington Chapel Anniversary Members of the Ogden Twentythird week, as well as feature stories on many

A n attractive commemorative booklet Ward of the Mt. Ogden Stake reof the Welfare projects completed

*"* has been issued by the Washington cently completed a sixty by thirty foot throughout the church in 1943; articles

Ward reviewing the ten years since the root cellar to provide adequate storage of interest on church history and on dedication of the Washington, D.C., space for the harvests from the victory teacher training; current experiences of

chapel on Novmeber 5, 1933. Built of gardens and quorum Welfare gardens missionaries and service men; the comUtah marble, its spire reminiscent of the in the ward. The seventies'quorum of plete text of the weekly Sunday night

culacres under thirteen that creditably had chapel ward the Temple, Salt Lake of one sermon, radio an article by and five elders'quorum, tivation, the nation's and in the the church represents authorities. Last general Year the "The the used of the atacres. ward recitals have Members organ capital. Regular

last since Life,"sumwhich of a Noble prounits the of Welfare the canning during visitors of home thousands tracted decade. gram to can nearly ten thousand cans of mer has retold the events of the ProphBeginning as a branch, meeting in the beets, beans, peas, tomatoes, corn, and et Joseph Smith's life in 184344, conhomes of members, the Washington peaches. tinues to be unfolded weekly.

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Children s Friend for the project, and added an auction Soy Bean Welfare Project

Christmas receives a major emphasis sale of their own. A professional aucHThe teachers'quorum of the Lincoln

his tioneer services the sold donated and in the Children's Friend, Stake, raised Granite with December Ward, soy items, following also which been had creative for children project beans plan to a the parduring as a Welfare ticipate in the presentation of a pageant, given to the ward building fund: past summer. All thirtytwo ordained

cutouts and directions for Christmas Nine firstgrade milch cows, 19 hogs, 2 teachers in the ward participated in the cards and toys, and stories and poems. draft horses, 4 sheep, 50 chickens, 1 feed project. The money paid for plowing

1 1 mill, grinder, fanning eightfoot cultilot the contributed "Diaries "In the and was the boys of Long Ago"by 1 1 plow, gang wagon, 1 mowing themselves. excellent as crop well Square Temple was Museum,"An feet as vator,machine, 2,500 lumber, bushels 100

I oats, raised the beans turned and continuing as are were over Read a Boy""What fruits, 1 butter churn, canned vegecanned articles of great significance to old and tables. to the Salt Lake City Regional Bishops'

young. Two continued stories add their Storehouse and the ward received credit

quota of interest. Welfare Orange Grove for the contribution.

The Relief Society Magazine,ppHE Southern California region of the Bishops, Presiding Elders church recently Welfare program Stake, TDloomington Bear Lake Ward, the beginning series Featuring of a by acquired- 9.13 acre a at orange grove *-* LaVell L. G. succeeds Joseph Ward President Clark, the Reuben Jr., J. ReRiverside, California, will be which Patterson.

its lief brings to Society readMagazine the managed Bernardino San by Stake Stake, Laketown Bear Ward, Lake Amos I ers "Wist That Ye Not Be Must agriculture advisory committee. The B. Robinson succeeds H. John Weston. Father's Business?"dealing About My consists trees of grove of 740 or navel Helper Stake, Carbon BroadWard, Lynn life Christ. of with the In to addition winter oranges 140 or and Valencia succeeds bent Cecil Broadbent. stories the poems, of the and a summary trees. yield orange summer 3,500 of A Grant Stake, Ward, Cottonwood G. Alma 1 1 4th semiannual conference Richby is this boxes season, expected of most succeeds Jacobsen Herbert Spencer. G. L. ard the Evans, "Thoughts on Prophwill which shipped be Idato Utah and Sandy Second Mt. Jordan Stake, Ward, et Smith,"A. Joseph Lund, by William for distribution ho the through L. Welfare Pierson Joseph succeeds Sander- G. Reed and "Places Loved,"Jesus by Thomas son. program. four of tons About oranges appear. C. also appear Romney There Safford Stake, Mt. will Ward, Graham Marinto be processed marmalade. The special in Christmas some features adClifford vin L. succeeds Stephen Owens. grove for was purchased thoutwelve dition the to lesson for material the Millard Holden Stake, Ward, dollars. James sand W. of month March. Stephenson succeeds E. Leon Dobson.

Hartley Ward Auction Hill Cumorah Project Stake,WestRichardWarrenJ. UrryBranch,succeedsNorthErnestWeberW.

Hpo build a new chapel the one hundred HPwo and onehalf tons of dry beans Cardon.

Stake, L. Oneida Banida Ward, Fred * A fiftyfour the of members Hartley in raised were 1943 the on fiveGregersen, Jr., succeeds A. ChristenJoseph Alberta Stake,Ward, used about every acre field pageant of Hill the Cumorah sen.

usually idea to try raise finances wards as a project of Welfare the Palmyra Parowan Ward, Stake, West Parowan

Branch. It was here that the pageant, W. Scott Day succeeds T. Wendell Bayles.

"A New Witness for Christ,"was anSwan Lake Ward, Portneuf Stake, James nually presented before the war. The Abbott succeeds William C. Gambles.

field has been resown in winter wheat. San Bernardino Second Ward, San Bernardino Stake, James Berg Thorup succeeds

Otis M. Preece.

Goshen Shelley Stake, Ward, August R.

A. TEXAS M. COLLEGE & succeeds Roos Christensen. J. Cortez

Latterday Saints at Texas A. M. College, & Oakley South Stake, Ward, Summit EmStation, College Texas, at of their one regular Sunday ery B. Wilde succeeds Lloyd Gardner. sessions. School present, Those first row, left to

right: E. Blake, Mrs. Grant Hilda Shrader, Mrs. Star Smoot Ward, Valley Stake, James

R. Erickson, T. Mrs. Elon V. Smith, Jessie Mrs. L. Bruce succeeds Hugh W. Findlay, Kirkpatrick, Michael KirkpatWck. Second row: Dr.

First Heber Ward, Jessie Wasatch Kirkpatrick, Stake, Heber Gray, Lynn Maynard M. Dye,

F. Mills, Elon Hugh Leland V. Smith, Larsen. Third Rasband succeeds M. Olpin. Joseph

A. Marion row Smith, Kenneth Palmer, Merel 'Terrace Branch, Stake, Weber Leslie W. Faiichild, James F. Shaw, Elder Chandler, James Farnsworth Fuller succeeds A. Remington. Elder J. Koyle, Vee Larry Wilcox. Fourth row: Robert G. Nunn, J. 0. Brockbank, Robert E. Hughes, Kemmerer Ward, Woodruff Stake, RichElton Dyer, Eugene Ferguson. ard J. Millward succeeds Russell V. Ord.

Lewiston Second Ward, Benson Stake, (Continued on page 48)

CAMP

H0WZE, TEXAS

::-. iHiiiii

Latterday service Saint men, church friends members, and participated in Pioneer who celebration Day Texas: left first Howze, at Camp row to rightDale Blood

Kingston, Blood; Utah; Mrs. Mrs. Fairview, Sykes, Velma Strasser, Utah; Mrs. Wilma Idaho; Meridian, Mrs. Fairbanks, Edythe Burbank, Cal.; Mrs. Gladys Ohio'-'Reed Akron

R. F. Pool, Jr., Mrs. R. F. Pool, Miss and of Pool, Sarah Dallas, Texas; Mrs. Milton Young, Emery, Mrs. Utah; Kenneth Reed, Akron, Ohio; Bernstein, Mrs. M. Milwaukee*

'Wisconsin. '| j

Charles row: Second Myers, Philadelphia, Mouritser, W. Pa.; Glendale Draper, Robert Utah; Salt Summers, Lake City; Falls, Munson, E. S. Idaho; Idaho Joseph Kozakj

Philadelphia, Penn.; George Gooch, Ogden, Utah; Durtschi, Arnold Driggs, Idaho; Wallace Nielsen, Salt Lake City; Milton Young, Huntington, Utah; Ohio.H Reed, Kenneth Akron

row: Third Stuart, Glen Woodruff, Loa, Utah; Bastion, Diamond Utah; Marvin Hansen, Ogden, Hulet, Utah; Francis Idaho; Wendell, Henry,. Laurence Lake 'SaltJohn Stradlmg, City;!i]j Mesa, Arizona; Scipio, Draper, Thad Wasden, Utah; Utah. Merrill Fremont,

row: Martin Bernstein, Fourth Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Nokleby, Arthur City; Salt Lake Hansen, Lynn Utah; Monroe,

Udall,City, Utah; King Phoenix, Arizona; Fairview, Eli Sykes, Rigby, Utah; Charles Henry, Idaho; Lee Seibert, Idaho. Canton, George Strasser, Mesquite, Nevada; Acil Petty, Cedar:—JJ

JANUARY, 1944 "3?

Our own objectives for 1944, without glamor, without decoration, without publicity, will continue to be student, worker, as doing are effectively the job we Editorials the immediate, soldier. add housewife, that we And if to

personal objective of being kind and of being honest

November 23, 1943 just those two—we shall have assigned ourselves a task

not so glorious as bringing a country to its knees with all the fanfare of military occupation, but a task never- /<? mu host of friends: theless requiring all our energies. That may seem a dull

undertaking in a day alive with brilliant, worldshaking is for impossible as it to answer me Inasmuch be asheroic; be undertakings. would we would We A of individually, condition of account the stupendous on movements with my keeping signed tasks in

health, the letters, cards, telegrams, and cablethat are afoot; we would be great in a day of greatness.

grams which run into the hundreds, as well as It is because we are blind all the while to the greatness the many gifts of flowers, baskets of fruit, etc., of the task of being kind and being honest. While we

which have come to me as birthday remembrances, are disciplining an unruly portion of the world and

I desire, through the courtesy of the newspapers joining in punitive expeditions, we might well remember and magazines, to express my heartfelt thanks to that there is only one person we have to discipline: and

all my friends both in the church and out of it, that is self. No task that we can do during 1944 will

for their kind greetings and messages, I apprelead a surer way out of the chaos. W. M.

ciate far beyond the ability which I possess to express, the thoughtfulness and words of commendation received from my many friends.

My stay at home on my birthday was made J4 r lew Lyeard Kesolution pleasant by the lovely profusion of flowers, gifts, and congratulatory messages. f** libly routine, stockin-trade resolutions which to our

May our Heavenly Father bestow his blessings -* complacent minds seem adequate to the New Year, upon all of you, my many and kind friends. and platitudes of other years come spontaneously to

mind. Then comes the realization that we need someSincerely, thing more than loose utterances which elude important

issues and fall into cushioned grooves of meaningless rfeher //. Ljran t chatter.

Speech is one of the great drives in man. There is

an urgency to become articulate and through that articulateness to attain a sense of security from those around us. Yet how frequently we have abused this great

Objective for 1944 drive,ness, carelessness,which is essentialand oftento development.premeditatedThoughtlessmisuse of

"pACH new year since the beginning of the war has speech have served to rob it of its true worth.

"-"'found us venturing the hope that it would be the How well James, a servant of the Lord, saw into its year of decision wherein the blood and sweat and tears importance. We can do no better than hearken to his

of a determined people on behalf of a cause rightly words:

conceived would prevail over the blood and sweat and tears of a people equally determined on behalf of a... the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things.

little fire kindleth! great matter a a Behold how battle, rising creto conceived. cause The wrongly

is fire, iniquity; is the of a a the tongue tongue world so And its air, still in the rages, on sea, and on land, scendo,

... it defileth the that body. our members, whole among

resistance. of the shores surging vainly tide upon human birds, of serpents, beasts, kind of and For every and of and

The events of 1943, however, justify the belief that of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:

the year ahead will see the relentless, measured unfoldBut the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full

ing of allied strategy planned at the recent historymak- of deadly poison.

bless Father; therewith the even Therewith God, and we tothe the proceed law and ing word conferences—for

after the similitude of curse are which men, God. made we as they and and London from Washington Moscow day

cursing. proceedeth the blessing of mouth and same Out My totaliBerlin. proceeding from missed narrowly The

to be. things brethren, these not ought

in orders, planning states, world so arrogant tarian once forth at fountain the sweet place water a send Doth same are now perforce being outplanned by the democracies, and bitter?

and on a scale that staggers the imagination. The air reCan the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a

sounds with global utterances. Thinking in hemispheric vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.

terms is the fashion of the day. Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among

Indeed the objectives outlined for 1944 for us as you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works

nations united are of such magnitude that we must scale with meekness of wisdom. (James 3:5-13.)

them down to proportions which we as individuals can recognize, lest we lose the sense of personal respon- A New Year's resolution seemingly worthy of the sibility which individuals in mass action invariably important period in which we live and from which we lose. Man as the individual, whatever the prospect of receive great challenge would be to demand of ourselves

man united as mankind, must not assume that victory, that our speech be worthy of our privileges. Drivel can

peace, perfection, will become his vicariously, by fiat. no longer be acceptable in place of conversation, in

Even when "the word shall go forth from Jerusalem which worthwhile ideas are exchanged and new truths and the law go forthfrom Zion,"man individually must brought to light. Unkindness can no longer be tolerated

still exert the effort to live by them, and suffer the because it destroys rather than creates. Ignorance can

consequences when he does not, which become collecno longer be endured because it indicates a poverty of tive consequences when his fellows also fail to live by mind and effort that the fastmoving world of today them. The slowevolving revolution of man within will not brook. Truth must be the ideal of the one who

himself, which the gospel calls conversion, must still uses speech today. Circumlocution has gone out of

precede worldwide conversion. fashion. ( Concluded on page 53

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

emigrating to the "valleys of the mountains."Soon,

converts from other foreignspeaking countries arrived.

In their native tongues spelling could be deduced from Evidences and the sound, and vice versa. It was difficult enough for

these people to learn a new language without imposing reconciliations upon them an irrational orthography. Could the principles of "phonography"be made to help these strangers

to the new language they had to learn? That seemed

ixxlu. What wad the j-ianmoderp oi worthy of discussion.

Thus, the Latterday Saints, living in the heart of the the <Jjederet Artpkabet I Greatfield ofAmericanspelling Desert,reform.yetIt tois beconcededsubdued, byenteredall thatthe

TThe invention of modern shorthand writing (now English is in need of such reform. Time and time again

A called stenography) was made in the 1840's by individuals and organizations have undertaken the task.

Isaac Pitman (18131897), of Trowbridge, England. Some progress has indeed been made. It is a great compliment to the practical intelligence courage and devise writing to of rapid Attempts methods go back

the in of church, that it the midst of its labors pioneer beginning the to almost of writing, but Pitman it was attention give to a problem seemingly remote scientific really invented system a which such would made who the from job of the "making desert blossom as the practical. writing

in the Isaac system Pitman soon were The flaws obrose."spirit andYet,geniusit isofonlythe church.another exemplification of the

first brother Isaac's served. of the to note Ben was one

improvements and set up his own system. Later, other There is no record of the many discussions that must

systems were invented. However, all systems of shorthave preceded the actual "Mormon"attempt to reform

English spelling. But, the matter was referred very hand rest upon the same principle—the use of arbitrarily

devised signs to represent the various sounds used in the language. Long Sounds. Letter. Kune. Sound.

Pitman's "phonography,"as it was called (writing.*tter. Nuns. Sound- 1.. -p

sounds), touched the popular imagination. Tens of a.... e...as in...eat. a.....b

it. ii the of thousands to study called began Pitman was ate..a..t 8.. 1..

lecture subject to the on conduct "phonographic"and ii art..ah..d 8.. a.. classes to from Scotland. end of England end and Soon

ii

. araght...aw.che as in. cheese. o.. interested classes America became and Pitman numerous c ii

. oat..0 in States. the organized 0.. were 9.. g

it. This ooze. well movement was church known among mem-.00..k.. 0..

bers. in missionaries since had been England "Mormon"Sounds Short of the above.. m.-.ate..ga...as..

rise during the 1838, of converts "phonography."Many....it... in..as..f t... P.. to the in interested inchurch the had become Pitman a et...V J G.. fact, first vention. In the into baptized the church man a at...eth..as in.igh. J in Europe, L.. learned the D. George system Watt, and

ii ot.. writer. expert shorthand an became thy and Long,. the "V. He J. J x..

another competent reporter, were on the original com- r it wt. 8-....8

it mittee, influence no doubt there. and wielded much s....Z f book. 6

in church, Salt valthe Great The now settled Lake

Double Sounds. in..flesA... esh..as D.. < > ley, enthusiastic immediate use of this made and method

".. vision. in...ice...zhe as j,... S the of earlier recording word. spoken the It displaced

ii THE DESERET ".. owl...ur brn. often.OW inaccurate 8.., + and cumbersome of having method

ALPHABET 1 several their hearers notes, compare in the longhand as 1.....ye v.. from of Smith. the Prophet days of sermons Joseph The the anReproduced primer..woo 1S6S u..

leaders church could available to be made now..n all f...h i church of the everywhere, present members and future.

. eng.as in.lcnyth. M... art. learn to the people reurged were Young Trained

porters were present at all official gatherings. Many of

the reported sermons were published in The Deseret early to the regents of the University of Deseret for final

News and The Millennial Star. Elder George D. Watt discussion and action. The University of Deseret, now

was authorized to publish the sermons of the general the University of Utah, was at that time somewhat like in others a periodical, authorities and The Journal of the present University of the State of New York—not Discourses. has church The ready always been to use institution, a classteaching but rather a supervisory,

every new advance in furthering the gospel cause. examining, and educationpromoting institution. That,

The use of "phonography"raised several questions in of course, was the proper place to submit such a probthe minds of thoughtful people. Spoken English is lem, one peculiarly of educational concern.

simple and beautiful. Grammatical complexities are In its issue of November 24, 1853, The Deseret Netus

notably absent. But its orthography is notoriously bad. reports that the board of regents had "frequent sittings,"

Frequently the spelling of a word does not reveal its with the governor and first presidency as visitors, to pronunciation, as sew which is pronounced so. Often investigate "the elementary sounds of language."It

there are useless letters, as in though which is probelieves that "the present orthography of the English nounced tho. English spelling must be memorized rather language is too full of absurdities to be tolerated by

than learned from the sounds of the words. Therefore, an enlightened people without a gradual and complete

bad spelling is a very common fault among Englishreformation."There was no hasty action. The conspeaking people. Could the principles of "phonography"sideration moved on steadily and soberly, under "more

be used in simplifying English orthography? This quescareful reflection and deliberation than is usual."*

tion was discussed among the pioneers in the western (Concluded on page 63) desert. vol. *See Deseret 3 24, News. (Nov. 5:389, 1853); 405; 8:213, 217, 218; This question even became important to those more 10:11; August The 29, Mormon. 1857; Bancroft, History 712Utah. of pp.

714; Western Standard. February 23, 1856; 11 Journal History, February foreign extraction and of to learn had the language who

Mss. 1856; History of Brigham Young, 19, 1854, January 30, November itself. of converts Thousands from Scandinavia were 26, 1854. 1856:114.)

JANUARY, 1944 33.

Homing jSfc&tJ&s JatkTXh. Bfc.aakJSta38C3fe. 3to.l8fc.'? "B -sfa. "EtiL. Hl. *&q'"1Bil 3te- '--is>L ""T&- T&-"3h. "S&. Bfc..u. JSPi 3BkJB&. 3&..3&.JBb. Hfeft. jfai Tftn Hhi T8h "tan m"THfri.]& that cause the trouble. To lay means to

lie is lay, is contense of I admit which fusing. Let's BETTER Ljrammar cause to lie, but unfortunately the past more. over it once go You

lie down when you are tired; you are

lying down; you lay down yesterday,? IN FIVE MINUTES and have often lain down. On the other p l hand, you lay your book down now,

are laying it down, laid it down, have

By K. THAYER laid it down.

There now, that didn't take too long, did it? And if you've been paying attention you'll never need to be unsure of

it's stating simply a fact, / or we shall, again! your grammar

else) else (or anything but anybody will. On the other hand, if you mean,

not just to tell what is automatically going to happen, but to express determinaHints tion or intention, you reverse them. I Xfsasc

or we will (meaning let anybody try to for will be Hints Payment used Handy else shall us!) stop (meanor anybody

Illustrated dollar publication. event the In upon

it by ing we'll 'em do it, make make Nelson White haponethat the are submitted, two with same idea pen that way). the one postmarked earlier will receive the

literate you are an average, person, youAlas,ask onea personslight complication!a direct question,Whenindollar.but eachNonewill ofreceivethe ideascarefulcanconsideration.be returned, probably speak fairly grammatiIf you

cally, on the whole; but there are stead of using the form you'd use othertwo or three things you are never quite wise, you courteously use the same form To keep flowers fresh while being sent

replying; in that to expect use him you mail, the holes in through punch of. a raw really,sure pity, there because A these "Shall pasay want you you potato instrument icepick with or sharp an itare so of few them take would

the that you pers?"is, changing without so insert separately. each stem Mrs. G. and five get straight, toabout minutes them

Phoenix, reply, Arizona. the of verb "Yes, I H. can form he J all. for andonce

fact), or (simple of shall"statement

I in jars refrigkeep always two glass my is of perhaps, the them, I-me, One this that for he so "Will do me?"you juices, fruit for leftover one andhershe, erator—one dilemma. himhe know, You I correctly will,"can "Yes, answer, is It juices. for really surprising vegetable

is thatprobably, "It say, should you ) intention resolve or this { expressing in food save can much you manhow I,"is is "It rather she,"or "It than me,"well vitaas as those precious preserve ner is it's "It her."or coryou know And diet. mins, essential to are which so our rule simple one probably you HPhere's itrect to say, to not me,""Give "Give B., ]. City. Salt Mrs. Lake A foralready, but have some knowit I"; to for but reason some a when confectionery ordinary an making When it. it, I'll person gotten so mention A into thesecond picture person comes (either chocolate) icing or plain sugar add the best of can't or only the be most two it hesitate. toyou "Give and—Mary It large butter. of tablespoons peanut two intelligent or people. can be good You it, I is or the me? givesWhich icing L. nutty a new flavor.—Mrs. all yourself; the can be more you by City. Salt F. G., Lake simpler. couldn't answer be Just The intelligent people; better or the of two

forget use proand whichever Mary, into the Before rag emptying the bag intelligent or the be and can most you if sure discarding are salvage not be box there. you weren't you'd she usenoun of three while best the more. or And that remateria] to usable have would you it it's itIt's to so to "Give me,""Give the subject we're of comparison, on place purchases. unnecessary Crinkly by.. It's almost ana me."alwaysMary that to less least forget don't apply and seersucker or bedspreads garments longno list there's kind. of a of orwhen two it's quantity, of question for but er furnish a material as such usable when may that people uncertain. aremore you towels. dish kitchen towels or edges The should use and number you fewer fewif can't just you'll miss you rememAnd fringed be or E. may M. less less est. soup, can have hemmed.—Mrs. You to useber whichever you'd use pronoun California. Beach, Long less W'., help, trouble or but fewer have you

if if it others there, all the weren't were troubles, olives, emor fewer fewer fasteners, sewing the snap on sew When I itself. helped but and Sheby Mary,

first, ployees. the then with piece rub chalk stem on

I, didn't she help and any moreMary the the the point stem. press of on Now for the one. only hard You Now I. help or helpthan she would Mary article the of part point other stem on where this; there's really to no have memorize just as helped her me, andMary is Mary to of chalk be sewed. snap marks The

it. of out way help help or spot. her me. thewould exact Utah. Peoa, M., M. J.

lie the lay bed, on a can on book You there's the negative. double Then biscuits, baking making lie powder the table, saying or something When by

say, hasn't wouldn't got "HeYou flat, first roll fold the out then over dough isn't true. these the that Here's way

if thatnone,"because he you roll know desired to thickness out once and liar If three go: are a verbs you you

it will right that biscuits the none, gothasn't must break This be he does make lie lying, lied are yesterday, today, and to the center butthrough wish when you like people, some! most Buthave you life. all If lazy, lied are your have you ter S., Salt City. Lake J. W. I hasn't don't say, any, them.—Mrs.probably "He lie in lying bed, today, in are bed you

believe."thing That's the same Well! is Elastic of the items at scarce the one in lain in yesterday, lay have and bed

If again. believe don'tover he you for fortunate are those but moment, who deal. lays great a egg bed hen an A

still any, believe tohasn't has! then he some, do pass along have enough you we is yesterlaid right laying one, one now,

it: for hint preserving a hooks Put and believe"I don't or any,"has he "He laid since the day, has a and good many elastic in the children's of eyes ends panon I is correct. believe,"any,hasn't

herself. she egg days an was when ties. elastic and keep on day Remove wash

Shall and will aren't too hard to get Most people have the deceitful kind from stretching.—Mrs. L. C. J., Moroni,

straight. Just remember that if you're of lying all straight; it's the other two Utah.

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner LIFE WITH "JUNIOR"by Sm,*e Borden Cow

By Josephine B. Nichols MV QUESTION IS, HOW CAN A FELLOW

"Decipes which will stop wastes and KEEP HIS FOLKS FROM USING ALL HISA include the seven basic foods in your daily diet: BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK

Navy Bean Soup IN THE COOKING?"

1 cup navy beans 2 pounds beef brisket / 2 quarts water 1 tablespoon salt parsley and celery leaves 1 cup chopped celery 2 medium onions, sliced 1 quart tomatoes Wash and soak beans overnight. Cover

meat with water and bring to a boil. Add

salt and drained beans. Add parsley and

celery leaves. Cover and simmer two hours.

Add celery, onions, and tomatoes. Cook

until beans are tender. The meat may be

sliced and served with the beans or at a later meal.

Baked Lamb Ring 2 slices bacon 2 pounds ground uncooked lamb 1 cup of milk or stock 1 egg 1 cup cracker crumbs 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 2 tablespoons minced onion Yi cup chopped green pepper 1 YYi teaspoonsteaspoon peppersalt

Cut each bacon slice into three pieces.

Place crosswise in bottom of a greased ring mold. Combine all the other ingredients

thoroughly and pack into mold. Bake in a

moderate oven (350 F.) for one hour. Turn

onto a platter and fill center with buttered carrots and peas.

Waldorf Surprise Salad 2 cups cubed, unpeeled apples Y2 cup chopped dates or raisins

Yl cup chopped celery Y1 tablespooncup mayonnaiseprepared horseradish

Combine apples, dates or raisins, and celery. Mix mayonnaise and horseradish

and add to the apple mixture. Serve very

cold in crisp lettuce cups.

Blueberry Nut Bread 2 eggs Yi% cupcup sugarevaporated milk 3 tablespoons melted shortening 3 cups flour Yes...all that bread

1 teaspoon salt needs is this deli- 4 teaspoons baking powder cious, flavorful jelly 1 cup blueberries quality in the famed

Yi cup nut meats, chopped Tea Garden tradition.

Beat eggs; add sugar, milk, and melted

shortening. Beat until blended together. Sift

flour; measure, sift again with baking powder and salt. Add to first mixture, mixing

thoroughly. Carefully fold in the blueberries

and nuts. Pour into a wellgreased loaf pan.

Bake for about one hour in preheated 350 oven. This improves upon standing and will Editors:

be excellent for lunch boxes. We can always find material for special assignments in church

Peanut Brittle Tapioca Pudding activities within the pages of the Era.

1 package vanilla tapioca pudding Leona T. Witt

2 cups milk Yi cup finely crushed peanut brittle THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mix vanilla tapioca pudding with milk. 50 North Main, Salt Lake City 1. Utah

Cook over low heat, stirring until mixture 1 Year $2.00

(Concluded on page 36) JANUARY, 1944 35

( Concluded from page 35 }/$ cup brown sugar boils. Remove from heat and chill. Just be- 1 egg, beaten

fore serving, add finely crushed peanut brit- ]/2 cup melted shortening tle. Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt

Molasses Ginger Cookies and spices. Mix molasses with brown sugar,

2% cups flour egg, and shortening. Add dry ingredients

3 teaspoons baking powder to make a soft dough. Chill one hour. Roll

cutters. salt board cut with on floured and Bake Y21 teaspoonteaspoon greased sheet cookie in hot ginger on oven (375

tsfie&mblem 1 teaspoon cinnamon F.) about 12 minutes.

3 cup mild molasses (Excellent for gingerbread men.)

"Sfficieni Schoo WantedLook at the seeminglyBE A worthlessQUICKCHANGEwooden exact or machinemadeARTISTin appearance. Peasdrawers and then note how easily you antstyle decoration permits selfexpression.

make them into useful objects for your It's charming because it's personal. in the days aheadcanhome.

Tabby or Towser will take the advice of After painting the object all over with

Men and women who can dothe motto, "And So To Bed,"as soon as you enamel colors, let it dry, then decorate it tinting oil ordinary finish this colors using with painting an indrawer-intoanimal box. expertly—the allimportant secrecamel-hair brush to expensive marking or buff enamel sugbackground are Brown

tarial, accounting, and general ofgested for border, motto, and also for Puss. apply the paint. A suitable brush would

long. hair decorating, have freetimid For a trying tip 24"about Don't be to speed fice work the war effort up

first oil colors out small amounts of squeeze decorations. can hand do You them—anythese in the reconstruction to help and old plate tubes from or onto of can. pane of grasp as sense an one Just your humor

period that follows. firmly as your brush and go to it. Don't glass as a palette. Dip your brush into a

measure a drawer front to find the exact "medium"of equal parts varnish and turpenGet the training now that will center but strike for it. If it isn't precisely tine, and "mix"your color on the palette

in the middle, it's all right. The most treato proper brushing consistency before apmake your services essential—for sured and beautiful museum pieces are nor plying. A Du Pont service.

genuine skill is your best assurance against unemployment.

The L. D. S. Business College is

qualified to give you excellent training—and helpful employment

service as soon as you are ready for work. Write to the President

for information about our day and evening classes.

New students -may enroll at any time.

L D. S.

BUSINESS COLLEGE 70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah

For Your Home Library THINGS THAT ENDURE

EVIDENCES AND it is last, Concluded religion page from but 23 no by I mention $1.85 RECONCILIATIONS (shall pass, or not whether and least. the are fortunate means War How Dr. A. By Widtsoe John

it in its leaves victory defeat or wake Christ of the of Jesus Church members This written book especially help was nation, things will for that the enour in retheir of Saints having Latterday of youth the meet problemsto complex today. dure will be the same things that have ligion at this time. What a bulwark it

THE GOSPEL KINGDOM endured. $2.25 always its possibiliuse of make full we Do

John Taylor By The things us, for that endure! They are the is.ties bringing to comfort and do

discompilation of the writings and A of the third of courses president the little, homely, but oh, so important we allow it to have full sway in govlife, things! parents the love of Family Church. An excellent book for the whole erning wisely it seems our lives when

family. children, reuniting the and of loved that vanished? and insight have wisdom

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. ones, the friendship of one's neighbors, And so, in enumerating those things

P. 0. Box 63 the selflessness of those whom we think which shall endure, come what may, we

Salt Lake City are incapable of unselfish deeds. Comshall list Mormonism. And the last shall

panionship, sympathy, ethics, religion. be first.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:..

Moroni (Concluded from page 6) Buy War Bonds to the Limit—and Keep

the Day turned alive. The first Moroni rallied Fit for the Finish Fight—Hasten

his soldiers from among the Godfearing of Victory!

Nephites who were entitled to the protection of heaven as they armed to defend themselves against a ruthless and foe. witwicked Moroni The later WIN THt WA bethe annihilation of his people nessed

Clous the they cause forsaken had God of the 1N '44 f-V fl to protect had them promised land who only as they merited divine intervention. Moroni wrote of the destruction of MAID-D-BARLEY

his people when he was the sole surWillahead.help.. you to withstand the trying days

vivor of the Nephite nation The last round will be the hardest. Stay

And behold, the Lamanites have hunted mentally and physically sound with healthmy people, the Nephites, down from city to ful foods. Maid-O-Barley is a food bevcity and from place to place, even until they erage containing NO drugs.

are no more; and great has been their fall;

yea, great and marvelous is the destruction At All Good Grocers of my people, the Nephites. M:asafti.M

And behold, it is the hand of the Lord Roasted and Packed By which hath done it. And behold also, the

are another; at with one Lamanites and war Fddds Wisdom this face land the of continual whole is one Pacific Ave. 150 *&m... bloodshed; round of murder and one and no City, Salt Utah Lake the the of war. knoweth end

And now, behold, I say no more concerning them, for there are none save it be the Lamanites and robbers that do exist upon the face of the land.

And there are none that do know the true God save it be the disciples of Jesus, who did tarry in the land until the wickedness of the people was so great that the

Lord would not suffer them to remain with the people.... (Mormon 8:7-10.)

If the voice of Moroni could be heard today telling the fate of this nation, I wonder what his words would be!

Eulogy of the Bell (Concluded from page 19) IT'S EASY SINCE WE brighten her home. Well do I recall FOUND THAT WE ALL

the words of one aged sister: 'Sister

Lula, if God ever blesses you with a child, I'll ring the church bell.'One evening just as the sun had gone to "Zoom rest, I could see the aged sister on her INSTANT COOKING

street. crutches the walking She down

turned into the church, the soon and bell flaked WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL was ringing loud and clear. It seemed

to tell the little village that happy the mother Lula beautiful was of a Sister 4* yocNioiTmTj daughter. "Now, do you understand why I Beginning with the quick, easy way you prepare love the old bell? it (simply stir ZOOM into salted boiling water,

"Yes, our church is beautiful—and and it's ready to serve)... followed by its dishow faithfully those in charge have tinctly pleasing flavor and texture... then to

the thru that takes wellfed that you it so. peopleworked here to make The

wholeall the provides (for morning feelingZOOM leaders. stoodhave by their grain) wheat the of whole nourishment some "I stood the in tree under walnut my is breakfast. family our now.. ZOOM the yard andback watched workmen

lower the bell from the top of the Friday—8:55LISTEN TO: A.M.,NEWS11:30on KUTA,A.M. andSalt3:00P.M.Lake City,"DICKMondayTRACY"throughon

church. It cried out as if in the agonies KUTA, Monday through Friday—4:30 P.M. LOUIS P. LOCHNER

of death. No one seemed to realize we'd on KDYL 4:00 P.M. MWT Wednesday through Saturday.

no more hear the sound of one that had served so faithfully. Now it will be

placed in a cellar where the cobwebswill cover its form, and when I go to the WE OffER.. IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

will bellother shore there to tell A COMPLETE be no Aids in treatment simple of Canker,."

.. departure.of my SERVICE ENGRAVING throat, sore minor and other mouth reminiscing Mother's neither done, of Portraits to the Largest Missionary From irritations. throat and listened, for time.us Catalogues spoke a long We

both of us, to the tones of memory Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention thatevoking die past a cannot so long CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Hall's Canker Remedy isas there to tell the story someone St. of 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah 536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah

bell.the JANUARY, 1944 37

WHEN MEN SHALL REVILE YOU

Morning Milk Come Missionary Experiences in Scandinavia of Erastus

Christian Willardson, as told by

Utah Makes It! ANN WILLARDSON BEAUREGARD

father, Erastus Christian Wil- "'It was at my request that you came The West lardson, showed evidence early back for the purpose of baptizing me, Myin life of a religious nature. inasmuch as it was your testimony that JV When but a lad he earned his first dolbrought me a knowledge of the gospel,

lar by driving a herd of sheep from and I am very thankful to my Heavenly

Ephraim to Manti, walking the entire Father for sending you to me. If you

distance of seven miles. With this remember, we had two axes with us to

dollar he purchased his first Bible. make a hole in the ice.... We found

Later he married Caroline Bernell an open place, where I was baptized,

Thurston in the Salt Lake Endowment and after I came out of the water you

House. After the birth of their fourth lost your foothold and almost drowned.

child, which died at the age of two The devil did not like your work that weeks, he was called to labor as a misnight. We went to the office, where I

sionary for the church in Denmark. was confirmed. After that we had to

Elder Willardson tells some of his misget you out of the city, so that the sionary experiences as follows police could not get hold of you, for

Milk "While laboring as a missionary in that would mean a term in prison. Now

U. preachingAarhus, Denmark,the gospel,I sowasuntilarrestedconditionsfor isprotectedthe timeyou,thatforGodwhenin hiswe kindnessleft the

became more favorable for our work, office it was between eleven and twelve we went to another part of Denmark, o'clock at night. Lo and behold, right

where my companion had relatives. The under a lamp post stood the very pouncle was a wellto-do man. Although liceman who had arrested and served

papers and neatly were clean to have you banished. on you my clothes

ti,ITAH HOMEMAKERS made practically thought being clear of I was The streets rehomemended, my companion owned Morning Milk the fastestselling not properly attired to meet the rich people, it was easy for him to see anyevaporated milk in the Intermountain West. man. He directed me to his aunt's one passing. He had the name of being

Then Morning Milk's finer flavor brought house. This didn't seem just right to a keeneyed policeman. He stood on

demands from consumers throughout the me, because the elders are counseled to our left. You were on my right, about

West! So today the modern Morning Milk go out two by two. I kneeled down six feet from him, so that left me beplants in Wellsville, Utah, Sunnyside, Washin a bunch of willows and told my tween you and the officer. But when

ington, and Stockton, California, are busy Heavenly Father all about the circumwe passed him, I looked to where you producing for Western America the finerstance, and prayed very earnestly that were, but this I testify to, that I was together I could to unable see be and companion you, though were you that my flavored evaporated milk aunt's tall at the six feet build, I arrived again. of and weighheavy When

famous! you in Utah made kindly. very received ing house, she than more pounds. hundred two me

Morning Milk is sjijl the Soon the rich uncle came to visit his This is the truth and I shall never forget his finding sister. It not companion, that the the to same. went show My

only evapUtah -owned aunt's his at home. to uncle the home, of came which approved Lord you work

M>*fi.It"milk orated on the market) kindly. faith treated uncle us since very done. then He has had The My

listened to with me, stronger, pleased deterand I have made my been WL was invited to his us home. message, work.'to take and mined good up the

When we were ready to leave, he took Elder Willardson continues—"There

us a great part of the way in his carwas barely time to board the train,

I received riage. a letter Later distance a short from which away, bewasdat?6 forCult impreshim saying I had made a better fore it pulled of the station, so out

there the time to talk over no was Your OWN there.sion thanSoanythe missionaryclothes didn'tthatreallyhad beenmatevening. events of the years Some

ter, and my prayer was answered and later I met Brother Miller in Salt Lake again. I could be with my companion City during conference, the semiannual MORNING MILK to Aarhus to back went for the first I learned "We labor, when time how

but were again arrested and brought to the Lord had made me invisible to the trial for preaching the gospel of the policeman.

of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church "I finished mission in Norway, my

I senof Saints. given a choice was of privilege the bearing where I had TREASURE my TWO to thirty for days relato testimony wife's some... tence—imprisonment of my CHESTS banishor subsist water, and bread on tives.

forthe land of Denmark from Sermonettes—for spiritual ment I "The steamship "Wyoming sailed upbuilding: latter. the ever. I chose However,

Liverpool, from with England, 304 to leaving permission before given $1.50 was THIS AND ALWAYS DAY Scandinavian, Swiss, German and visit of in part another L. Evans Richard By my relatives

in Saints charge. Apostle George my journey more consumed Denmark. The $1.50 HILLS THE UNTO position, set this apart for Teasdale me I for anticipated, time than and had Richard L. Evans By

it. I I felt to although equal not was into these inexit enjoy dipping You will to stay that necessary reason was

haustible sources of inspiration. under cover when I returned. It was Peace and harmony prevailed during

Salt the journey. York to From New 3rd, night and bitter of February CO. the THE BOOKCRAFT

train, Lake by through City we traveled for cold, P. O. Box 63 applied Miller had but Alfred

Salt Lake City baptism. I will give the following acwhich took seven days. Telegrams

count in his own words (Concluded on opposite page) 38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA News From The Camps

Libertythings—andto me meansa lot ofa littlelot ofthings,importanttoo. ofall, same,vendorscontributionssold their souvenirswere askedandfor.insideNo

Important things like Valley Forge, Gettysdoubt they were for a worthy cause, probburg, the Alamo, Verdun, the Meuse, Arably for the upkeep of the church, but they so like of so cheap, out the seemedgonne and Pearl place—so Harbor—things sactitse DVMS

rilegious. that allegiance think the to the flag, theConstitution, once conLord ToMonroe Doctrine, the inalienable rights of demned moneychanging in the temples and rzoco

every man, whatever color or creed, to do that such practices continue at his very '45% as he pleases as long as he doesn't infringe tomb! BCA</S

upon the rights of others—the right to live All in all, though, the places were far too / i/K /rsand love and laugh and worship. It means beautiful—and significant—to be marred by

everything we've been taught through the any of man's abuses or neglect.

visitoryears equality, tolerance, saw exactly what he was look- A for, I guess. of school—justice,important of all, to be ingand most a chance

somebody and do something really worth Tel Aviv, Palestine, was exceptionally while. beautiful-—much like southern California

Liberty means little things like hamburgers (incidently my home state). It was just full

and chocolate marshmallow nut sundaes, beof oranges, sunshine, and refugees. Some of

ing able to drive as far as I please, to be the greatest men of the arts and sciences, able to go with the girl I love and not that fled from Europe to escape Nazi persewonder how long it'll be before I'll be living cution found a haven there. They made of /&ssWMKE$

It again. able to itin memories the old being a piece of a heaven, means U.S.A. good

visit soil. is city folks talk foreign with dropped with the very 7X0CO back home, on The

they'll that friends architecof ultramodern be modern rows and always and knowmy all disAMX6AZMEthere ture scattered the in the residential are world not over found and to be because /ri tricts. It battlefield. foreign buyingon means some

things at the store without figuring up the In short, the city is like a hub, with roads points it's going to cost, getting a pair of and sea lanes from all lands leading to it shoes without stamp 18, to think in terms like spokes to its center.

instead will a of war.of peace This be

I Iran, In presthe at stationed where am different for experiencenew me—something it time, ent to quite pleasant surprise a was places, see to peowith chance a new new picture, see the advertised Young, Brigham things.ple, There'll iov /r roo/ chance a and do be new

It at the local theaters. just of proves one

to note. of something do

universal instrument a powerful and what

It'll I'd leaving. with rather be hard be

influence are. of really the pictures motion

I'll in world, the place than be butyou any back and we'll have a better world to build, Even in Iran, the location of the garden to love and work in together. of Eden is assumed to be in a certain area,

Lund C. Stucki sotourists.that itIt'scanbeyondprovideme howan attractionsuch a parafor

(Lund C. Stucki was killed in a plane dise could have existed in such a Godcrash August 3, 1943, at Lubbeck, Texas.) forsaken country.

Sincerely, rxoco Alex B. Darais

The Holy Land BECAi/SE trs so but impressive very Land was HolyThe if disillusioning also not times it at was downright disappointing. The manger in HIS SCROLL

differfar the Nativity ofthe Church was its lessons small great has and Life concard Christmasent the popular from scroll, his prepares Each man I is to expected, guess, beception—which all, to are grades given us Just constant theconsidering changing and age

into the soul. They're stamped

I bit disapNevertheless, events.of a was

vegetable choicest oils and of fresh The Sepulchre, thepointed. of Holy Church The selfappointed as judge Each man

pasteurized milk skim from American embeltooin estimation, highly was my his act. grade every Will

lished and this, together with the scaffoldHe'll have no kick, he'll bear no grudge, farms give DURKEE'STROCO MARing inside, because of a recent fire and earthFor what he is, is fact. GARINE that mild, sweet, countryfresh

indistraction. offered Thequake, some scroll past, the of lessons His soul, flavor. Buy DURKEE'S TROCO Rachel'sterior of to be supposed what was fault grace, each Will and show today. MARGARINE of names hundreds marred bytomb was he'll last at judge he be And when

scrawled by thoughtless tourists. Shall meet him face to face.

What was most distracting and distasteEvery Pound Contains ful, though, was the extent to which they Captain David Homer Pasteurized commercialized these places. Outside them Territory of Hawaii Cultured Skim Milk

WHEN MEN SHALL REVILE YOU

(Concluded from opposite page) took hold of the railing, and was about were sent ahead for supplies. The to place my foot on the step, when

mothers sometimes became so tired that I slipped and fell. The suction of the

they fell asleep, and the children rolled train seemed to draw me toward the OLEOMABGABJiJifrom their arms to the floor. We wheel. The people who were watchstopped at intervals for provisions, for ing thought it meant sure death for me.

which we had telegraphed. I always When I had almost reached the wheel,

waited until I knew all the Saints were an invisible power pulled me back, and safely aboard before I entered the train. I immediately stood up and was able

One time the train had started, and I to board the train."

JANUARY, 1944

Melchizedek Priesthood

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

Attention should be given to qualifications and aptitudes of quorum mem-

A Resolution for the New Year bers for church responsibility. It freTemple Work as Recreation

interlose that occurs members issues of quently in the twelve time has been ( September Tt this some column nowIN to are asked est they do some- A because 1 topics following called ) since the the first presidency for 1943, the 943 Era fitted. for are not they thing which "Filling Keepthe priesthood Melchizedek quoOut and upon discussed:were

ing the Record Cards,""Review of the No adequate program can be devised rums to make special effort to do enIndividual Quorum Record Card,"and put into operation for the rehabilidowment work for the many male unless of the inactive members Rectation the 'Individual waiting temple on names and Use of"Value are surrounding the conditions them lists—partilists. cularly the mission Card File,"Member'and community of Quorumord

"Production of Food for Quorum Memknown. A survey will disclose that The work, to be undertaken as a quobers,""Urge Members to be Tithe Paysome quorum members are willing to rum project, was to go forward under

ers,""Use of Welfare Canneries by labor but have not been assigned, while the active direction of the church servGroups,""Remember the Sabbath Day others refuse to act in any capacity. ice committee, supervised by the stake

to Keep It Holy,""Aiding in the HarThere are still others who are unworthy presidency. ( See letter from the Genevest,""Keeping the Spirit of the Lord,"to serve, and some who cannot serve alogical Society, page 45, this issue.

"Prapare for Winter,""Prayer and because of employment or absence from The social and miscellaneous comThanksgiving,"and "Rehabilitation a the ward. Such information properly mittees in some of the quorums saw at

Special Work for Quorums."tabulated will reflect the true condition once an unusual opportunity in this imis of a report whenever a quorum to suggest called portant prochurchwide of assignment—in them was The purpose

for church should be on file and by the welfare personal commoting for the and organizingprojects quorum excurmittees of the Melchizedek priesthood activity committee. sions to the nearest temple. The work

such committee Let eachquorums.

the following to itself anQloAdu Qn&JjiwdtwtL theof providingnecessary transportation,arrangements, andseeingmaktoswer silently question: How many of the projects No Royal Road ing the most of the highplaned fellowis in ship of occasions your quorum such the properly through carriedwere publishing of of agents number A If can efforts? responsibility of social you the miscelresult of your and as a *"* of merits praising the firms were please were, of laneous committee. social them ordinary that some answer No binding, the printing, the their books,

possibilities the recreation can them. match of about us write

etc. illustrations, Taylor, President the

retemple as quorum. a done work For part can none, be must If the answer territorial suformerly been had who creation of a high order, the social and committee that your be reason the of called schools, upof perintendent was in miscellaneous committee every quomeet- planning regular held not has the able said, on. heard have He "We well rum encourage arrange may and in that most observation is It our ings? these gentlemen given descriptions by temple excursions. for more little acbeen has where committees their bindthe merits books, of the as to

complished, little, if any, honest worthing, etc. But, my friends, I long ago

done. Wellbeen has planning while there royal road that learned is no to TbhA. flwiTL Uul J>McL well are, a rule, as programs planned arithmetic, gramlearn learning. If you

executed. On the other hand, in almost mar, geography, or even the higher Burbank Project

creditable records all instances where project the rules for the and a study branches, must Burbank you T made Ward that the fact reveals inquiry A appear, Daniel own."your priests high Judge that make them... to see quorum

planning went before. Harrington, "John Taylor—-A Personal everyone subscribed to the Era.... We

Would it not be worth while for Sketch.""Improvement Era"45:156 had to take from quorum funds for only

each personal welfare committee to {March, 1942). one subscription. Last Sunday I retake stock at the beginning of the New turned to the brethren of the quorum

Year of its past practice in holding com25 bound volumes and I have already mittee meetings, and resolve now to collected nearly 30 more complete hold them regularly and frequently durStudy Questions for the Seventy volumes to be taken to the bookbinder.

ing the coming year? (See article on page 16)—Harold Lundstrom

is Isaiah called the "proph- 1. Why Elders Entertain Servicemen holiness"? et of

attend in uniform Sunday who of the 2 chapter Book of TUTEN 2. Read School in Los Angeles at any ward impressions your Isaiah and give Firsthand Information are surprised pleasantly Stake when it. of

invitations receive they to luncheon and acpromoting towards step HPhe tell and 9 of Isaiah chapter sociability. of an afternoon of Elders ac- 3. Read is a personal in * tivityfirst a quorum of the comthe prophecy about furnish for each transportation ward The members. all of its with quaintance the Messiah. of ing service desigthe to previously a men should be known inactivity for reasons

nated ward, of the where one quorums is meant by Isaiah's What of a 4. condition true discussed. The and

elders rightof in the is host stake day. of the through "Holiness words: if the ascertained memcan be quorum

eousness"? occur each weekly Luncheons with groups into classified is two bership

the active and the inactive, and, in the 5. Read Isaiah, chapters 53, 60, 61 quorum taking its turn as host.

case of the latter, if the reasons for the and 62, and give your impresThe Sunday afternoon gatherings inactivity are itemized and recorded. sions of each one. Try to diswere instigated by Winslow Whitney

elements large some of the high of Smith stake Los Angeles for cover hand on should be information Such in each one. beauty truth and council, of a similar heard underwho quothe to to be submitted reference

rum presidency. taking being carried out in Denver.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA become habitual beer drinkers. Their Alcohol is the blood of. the gambler, the

of stimulus the burglar, of the inspiration it asserts that is recognized organ now NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO the of the support the and highwayman, is playing that important part beer an lie It the suggests incendiary. midnight in the COLUMN of public maintenance and army

liar, the condones the countenances and morale. It viothief, blasphemer. the esteems and Conducted by

Dr. Joseph F, Merrill This is a day when propaganda has lates obligation, reverences fraud, turns love

become so universal and bold that it to hate, scorns virtue and innocence. It

even arrays itself in the garments of incites the father to butcher his helpless offpatri- the to spring, child the sharpen and it truth. let virtue But, never and be Quit SayNever cidal axe.

in that forgotten alcohol whatever is the of ages of theTlfl'ucH women, consumes Alcohol burns men, wisdom up it liar, is guise deceiver, a a a appears*-** life, despises curses and destroys God, sayings. in pithy epitomized One

inherently, essenabsolutely, "poison perfidy, It nurses witnesses, heaven. suborns is "eternal that truth evident thesuch

tially; in in all gallon, in or judicial drop a a stains the defiles jury and box, the is liberty."price of thevigilance The

disqualifies votes, It voters, in bribes quantities ermine. quantity."every and And, honest. sincerely evil offorces are never institutions, pollutes elections, our corrupts universe, the in highest authority the

at genuine heart law never areThey the the degrades government, endangers it is for declared not has good God, beobservers. gambling den may the legislator, dishonors the citizen, debases A man.

It officers unless but, of brings the law, patriot. theraided disarms statesman, and by

watched, the place will renew its sinful Let no one be deceived by any kind shame, not honor; terror, not safety; despair,

business. Casual raids on dens of sin or type of alcoholic beverage propanot hope; misery, not happiness, and, with

never eliminate them. Promises to "be ganda. the malevolence of a fiend, calmly surveys

in reveling frightful and, desolation, the kept places are seldom suchgood"by Ingersoll Liquor on felicity, destroys and peace poisons havoc, is maintained constantunless a watch national honor, ruins morals, out wipes certainly G. Ingersoll was "Dobert instance, for Narcotics, them.on it at ruin the laughs the curses world, and refanatic will A or not temperance a minors, contrary to tocontinue It It be sold that more. wrought. does and has

else ligious enthusiast, he whatever may vilall it is if is soul, the the of relaxed. watchfulness murdersto law, sum

to describe been. But he knew how is for written those duty have whose This

all its hellish in effects alcohol on hulainies,of all abominations,the father of theall crimes,devil's bestthe motherfriend,it against struggle alert in the is to be sin and unwholesome influences, and manity. Said he: and God's worst enemy.

that includes all of us. Some there are,

however, who are appointed to be active in promoting our LiquorTobacco Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, March, 1944 campaign. Let these remember that our Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

campaign must be continued, for the Writings and Discourses of John Taylor forces of evil seem to be farther than far liquor In as surrender. soever from of Tarsus?) request? of Saul 9 (What man to LESSON are they concerned seem tobaccoand "ameliorate"mean? the does word What Concept of Godhood The interin should gaining power.be is needed? revelation Really, why? We Why 2630 Teachings (Compare Text: of pp. greater this of prosas a challenge to beingpret the church kingdom and God Can the Prophet Smith, 349352). Joseph pp.

it? per without efforts our strongerdiligence on and of Plurality Topics: Gods. Presidency The

in of savingpart, especially the work 11 can succeed Hereinour own. we if we ofHeavens.the Trinity.The FatherhoodThe NobleofRaceGod. in Thethe LESSON

will, the Lord helping us. Our boys Justice of God. God Lives. The Angels, Necessity for Continuous Revelation

3340. Scriptures Topics: Text: The pp. girls addicts protected, our mustand be the influence did Discuss: "King What

Insufficient Revelation Guide. Are an won. and must becan Follett (See the Discourse"Teachings of

Faith, for Circumstance. and Needed Time reference Smith, Prophet above) Joseph

Revelathe Guide. Immediate "Present and Industry BeerThe editorial this of probably on have John

tion."from God. Principles Emanated Our it difference Taylor's? any make Would the to Digest the Brewers'A ccording the in Incident Revelation and Europe. in An if the theological accepted our system we"* has Industry Foundation Brewing the Church. Building of Revelation and Zion. that the created doctrine world from was the set guide and as organized up, Reality.been Foreknowledge Revelation and the nothing? does term Elohim What

Its stated and business. Use. the ofconscience The is significance of the Elohah? mean? What

fundamental objectives of the Foundathe doctrine of the plurality of Gods? (the Discuss: If, as claimed, the scriptures are

tion are: point which John Taylor was trying to "put an "insufficient guide,"why read or use

is in his editorial). In sense over"what the scripture likened God be unto them? Could

) ( the to the industry pubinterpret To family? the the of Father Jesus human Of revelation, the constitution""written and

thelic establish fact to of basis as so the on1 Is there Christ? angels do? do is any the of "living interpretation law"? What What

social in the place broadindustry's proper pluralrelationship the doctrine between of that the comparison? weakness When

structure of America. economicand belief in angels? of ity and Gods conflicts written the word, with do revelation ofWhy

attitude public interpret the and (2) To the Taylor placed phrase suppose John if ever, you does override? should which When,

that they theinterest to may in also vials"the quotation marks, "golden members—so "scripture"? "revelation"(Look up become

in the pubthemselves conductgovern and of Saints"? phrase, the "the prayers in- (p. the Doctrine in scripture and Covenants

lic interest. 30). dex.) In determining the law of the church,

is of of rule the the significance comwhat is it is putting the seen, industry Thus, conscriptures, the are consent? 10 mon How LESSON respectability, of the appearanceon recrevelation past revelation, and tinuous and Communication Between God Man it of justified, says,feeling as because is the value church? in our onciled What Belief in 3132. Topics: RevText: pp. is part beer important which"the the exforeknowledge? (With of having Spirit elation. Revelation. and Holy The as of public in the the maintenance last question, aboveplaying of the ception the to Ameliorate Revelation World. Needed of discussion general at are a queries aimed "the morale."brewSo, aswell army the of Revelations. Prophet's Testimony

this rather lesson, in presented material the its all coordinate industrying must this last from question Discuss: (Review material the to specific approaches than real growing theforces and to combat if role, angels any, lesson: do week's What itself.) in prohibition counties and ofdanger"in and between play communication God

the ofstates. the chairman Hence, the agree statement with man?) you Do 12 LESSON

is "It saying, five: as quotedFoundation few chapter opens which "Very Spirit and the of God men The in revelaof the the face believe upon of us every one each andbehooves to'Gift Ghost of the Holy this true? should be tion from God."'in Whyearth right is might.'there thatremember

Readers of this column may rememWhatstrate withdoesregardthe scripturalto the receptionrecordof demonrevela- ClaimsText: onpp.God4045.for Topics:Guidance.All TheMen HaveSpirit

ber that several months ago we reported tion? When is revelation given? Can the Available to All Men. The Humane Influthat the brewers were set on educating class think of any exceptions to the general ence. Difference Between Universal Guidall our boys in the armed services to rule that revelation is given only after hu- {Concluded on page 43)

JANUARY, 1944 41.

Aaronic Priesthood

-a. "at -ttt,! -fc. i, 11 j|, ffeu'lhafti ta, TftniUfti "Pin >..j

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP (pjomtm IhiL ix)asf

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY FEBRUARY, 1944 Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Chapter XIV: Studying the

Thoughtful Boy Quotations from the Text:

1. Were you to ask me what boy in all

the world is the most misunderstood, the most lonely, and the most neglected, my answer would be prompt and rather emotional, too. The title has

revealed it the thoughtful boy.

2. Poor little "yunkets"!—how I sometimes grieve for them. For the worst of

all social punishment meted out by society at large to its misunderstood members is the brand of "Queer."

3. The thoughtful boy knows his lack of

popularity don't forget that.

4. In your class, perhaps, there sits one

of these "queer birds."He is quiet and

refuses to advance any opinion, even when you ask for opinions. But once

you pry it out of him, the something he has to say is truly valuable. Did

you ever notice that?

5. But how can the teacher affect such

thoughtful boys for good? NORTH OGDEN WARD SPONSORS STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD DANCE

a. Pry them out of themselves, when

possible. often boys Such become the of general secretary of the leaders Boy priesthood ward Aaronic HPhe unsocial are not complete and we in of charge committee was Leadership Ben Lomond * North Ward, Ogden beings without contact human and

warmhearted relationships with Stake, sponsored an Aaronic priesthood details and according to Bishop Campothers. Even the thoughtful boy dance to which all the Aaronic priestbell's report did an excellent work in

needs the companionship of others. hood young men of the stake were in- "... carrying out the idea of having

And decidedly they need him. vited. Each young man attending was our boys and girls together in a social

b. time for Find opportunity and such affair quality."Heiner of high Brother partner. bring to a lady required Over

it their to to get chests you. boys off assisted Carl BakGlen was by Ward, and four hundred young men women

talk will a he Sometimes boy when er, Shupe. Mathie, and Darwin is Vern this social. anThis unusual enjoyed will will write; not sometimes a boy recently has been Bishop Campbell into bringing in step great other forward I will talk. write not but suggest

both avenues of approach to you, the Aaronic priesthood program a somade a counselor in the stake presithe boy winner. cial and fraternal program of high dency of the newly organized Ben

c. If such a boy is poor and lacks adcalibre. Lomond Stake. He is a great lover of

lend vantages, of both your him ardent has been boys always an and given a number, young was man Each religious magazines, books, own the of priesthood supporter Aaronic hall. the as charge, he entered without literature help locate to and him of the church. Last year he program to the lucky gave of number Drawing sources other assistance. of such his qualified six associates and quorums turkey bearer twentyfive-pound a d. in Interest the particular others boy. its

I have done this 'and later found as the grand prize for the evening. for the Aaronic priesthood Standard

that the teacher or other mature The social was conducted under the Quorum Award.

person I linked to my thoughtful direction of Bishop Harold S. Campbell

did than boy him more good I had and his counselors. H. J. Heiner, Jr.,

starve actually done. Such boys

for spiritual and mental companionship! tell thoughtknows. he The what ChoahdA. 9ndbidutL e. into social contacts. Push him Obto ful in his things must do two boy

viously is lopsided. he He is espeTt will be necessary to make a formal life: First, into a mature must he

cially mechanical or particularly person who does something big A application to the presiding bishop's literary, religious, or or very, very fine; able second, be and he must office for of Individuthe the awarding that, other. the or very this, The aid to those those less informed and al Certificate eligible to boys of Award at large world needs rounded in his private are younger own in-'who for of the priesthood 1943. Aaronic dividuals. certainly church The world,

needs specialists and they should be g. Tie up the thoughtful boy's brilliant The reason for this requirement is that

social in nature, meet others readily, work with God. each certificate is to contain the young

their to forget be willing and own man's name, priesthood, and ward, specialties the Helps for the class leader: for again and now leaving the stake before presiding

service larger the the in of class church. as naming Have assist you office. will bishop's information This

f. into talking the characteristics art of of him Lead the thought- 1 many

certificate in the placed be in a profeswriting. possible, as Because even and shyness, as ful boy such Why?

you are wiser than he. You and I sensitiveness. sional handwriting which will be pleasknow that every expert and every 2. Discuss in detail the author's seven ing to young men.

genius is called upon all the time suggestions for teaching this type boy. Stake chairmen may request the

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

blanks and distribute them to wards, or the bishops may request them direct.Each application blank provides for WARD TEACHERS

eighteen names. Only the bishop's cerThe teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and

tification of eligibility is necessary. The strengthen them;

are toawards or be presented by stake is see that there no iniquity And in the church, neither hardness with leaders local authorities asward may other, each lying, neither backbiting, evil speaking; nor

prefer. see that the church And meet together often, and also see that all the of the details For a full account their duty. and members do C. 20: 5355. ( D. &requirements for the Individual Certificate of Award please read pages 4648 in the Aaronic

issued 1, 1943. July Priesthood Handbook lA/ard Ueachers'ff/eddae for 2/ebmaru, J944

THE SACRAMENT T-Je died an innocent man! The world was better when he left than when

he came. He had harmed no one—he had blessed everyone. He hated none—he loved all. He died that we might live again in the presence of our

in Father heaven. There bitterness was no in his his heart, no soul—in desire for revenge. Every of moment lived, his life was every pain of death

endured, for those he loved—all mankind.

That his disciples should not forget his life and his example, Jesus took bread and blessed it, the cup and blessed its contents, giving them to eat and drink thereof, saying, "This do in remembrance of me."

Since the partaking of the sacrament was so important to those intimately associated with the Savior, lest they forget, how much more importantWe thatare nearlywe, histwodisciplesthousandtoday,yearsfollowremovedthis patternfrom andhis briefobey mortalthis command.life, his

crucifixion, his entombment, his glorious and resurrection. far have We greater need to be reminded of the sacrifice of our Redeemer than did they

who lived with him on the earth.

The commandment to partake of the sacrament in remembrance of him has been renewed in this dispensation. We have been commanded to ".

meet together often to partake of bread and wine [water] in the remembrance of the Lord Jesus,"and "... go to the house of prayer and offer up

our sacraments upon his holy day."

When we partake of the sacrament, we renew our covenants with our

Heavenly Father. We witness unto him that we do take upon ourselves

the name of Jesus Christ, that his sacrifice we do remember that and we FREDERICK keep his commandments. This do to the end we RASBAND will always may that we

have the companionship and guidance of his holy spirit.

The Latterday Saint who faithfully observes this commandment is constantly reminded of his obligations in the church, keeping in rememthe life of his Redeemer, and is far less likely to find himself in the of apostasy.*"*A nothervotion inremarkableward teachingexamplecomesof deto branceway

light in the record of Brother Frederick When we eat the broken bread and drink the water so blessed as to

Rasband, a member of the Highland represent the body and blood of our Redeemer, we should do so reverently

Park Ward, Highland Stake. Bishop and with our minds trained upon his life and sacrifice for us. We should

Clarence H. Tingey confirms the record so teach our children as well.

and states further, "Brother Rasband is Let us worthily partake of the sacrament each week in the sacrament entirely worthy of such recognition on meeting.

the basis of his life of devotion and loyalty to the church."

He began ward teaching at the age We were instructed to urge the members to us the first Sunday of every month. This

of sixteen years. With the exception to have family prayer and in many cases gives the ward teachers a chance to preach

of two years spent on a mission to to pray with the ward teachers, to pay their the gospel to their friends and neighbors

England he has served continuously in tithing and fast offerings, be kind and friendand to be more efficient in their work.

ly to all neighbors, honor the and respectthis first until since capacity appointed that suggest I would our teaching do we authorities of the church.the at eightypresent time the age of first the part of the then month, topic would have a authorized the we we by Now years. esseven long record This was general authorities it the be worrying of is not the about church remainder which

tablished under the administration of very interesting and instructive. It is given the month. of

eight bishops.

During the seventyone years, Broth- < for served as bishoper Rasband eight MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD OUTLINE OF STUDYyears. his bishopric During he never

missed a month as a ward teacher, visit- ( Concluded from page 4 1 ism"in an encyclopedia or dictionary.

the the Gift of and Ghost. Holy Latterday well Saints The While applaud maying ten families regularly. to twelve For anceSpirit the, of Gift and of the it God is the emulate and Holy humanist philosophy, lastthe four years twentyhe served has Ghost. Smith's Joseph the itself Advice Gift on of entirely satisfactory an to guideas the priests president of the high of the Ghost. Holy life? Comforter. The self avail one's one The of the may Howquorum. for in and Trust Need Wisdom is influence the God. of The the Ghost? Holy What

Brother Rasband is the fatherin-law Testimony of the Spirit. The Prayer of crux and practical meaning of Joseph Smith's

to that advice subject? Taylor John onof How Salt Lake City's mayor, Earl J. Faith.

Discuss: The distinction between best the type father as one succeed a or mother? mayGlade.

of divine guidance available is and to all men success Is such the automatic? What

Just a word from Brother Rasband the type available to those possessing the individual significance of prayer? Has prayas he looks back over the years Gift of the Holy Ghost. Look up "Humaner any social significance?

JANUARY, 1944 43 (which must be prominent always), (contrapuntal of the composition form

). All these factors chordal WARD MUSIC GUILD or must be 34

WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH two vocal chords which work in unison, consideredThe trainedin establishingear of thebalance.conductor

OUR CHORAL SINGING? and that the desired pitches are forthmust be the guide through which he

all times. Fourth Guild Meeting: January iscominga sourceby justof greatthe processeswonder thatof will,inacit keeps the chorus in balance at

By ]. Spencer Cornwall curacies of pitch are not the rule instead 5. Imperfect Ensemble

Director, Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir of the exception. Since among people Perhaps there is no other deficiency

and Member, Church Music the ability to sing varies from zero to of choral singing which is more easily

Committee the most astounding exhibitions, it is criticized than imperfect ensemble. If

perfectly normal to find in almost any the chorus members fail to start togethPractically all of the faults found in group of chorus members, especially if er, keep together and end together, the * amateur choral singing can be classithey are amateurs, a wide variation of most unpracticed listener is disturbed fied under some eight headings. Followsensitivity to pitch relationships. From by it. Chorus singers must see the coning is a tabulation and short discussion the lower bracket of this ability comes ductor's signals for every attack and

of each of these shortcomings. our trouble. In some cases this difficulty release of every phrase.

1. Bad Tone Quality offendingcan only members.be solved by eliminating the forSometimesimperfect theensemble.conductorHe ismustto blamemake

Bad tone quality is tone quality which Where faulty intonation is due to sure that his preliminary beat is timed is not pleasing to the listener, or tone lack of training, this training must be for the attack, and that his release is quality which is inappropriate for the supplied. Inattention in singing proper clearly understood. Finally, the concharacter of the music. Down through pitches is, of course, solely the conductor's part may be summed up as

the ages man has sought for beauty in ductor's responsibility. being a case of timing beats instead of

tone quality both in the human voice Perhaps the conductor can point out merely beating time.

and in the making of musical instruspecific half steps, whole steps, major ments. Beauty and appropriateness of and minor thirds in the music as he finds 6. Imperfect Diction

tone quality are the salient elements in them sung faultily. The mastery of Imperfect diction in choir singing rethe enjoyment of music. these four intervals practically insures sults from ignorance and carelessness.

The ability to sing with good tone good intonation. The perfecting of the diction cannot be

naturalquality is a endowment of many

It ispeople. 3. Failure to Blend left to the individual{Concludedsingersonanypagemore51) prevalent among children,

but is sometimes lost due to carelessness The phenomenon of blending in voices or neglect. The acquirement of good is an effect obtained from three eletone quality is largely a matter of imitaments, namely: perfect intonation,

quality, balance similar tone Choir and of Hawthorne Wardtion. progress has been by made Much

is the parts. intonation Perfect voice Schreiner themselvesstudents helped have who By Alexander perthree. vital obtain of the most To singrecords ofwith Organist and good phonograph Tabernacle

it is singing in chorus imfect blendingers. Committee Music Church Member,

Much can be done for a group where perative that there be perfect unisons requires in that voices. the various photograph This shows accompanying HHhe is standard.the tone quality For below

inlittle in the allowed or be no vibrato * the choir of Hawthorne Ward, is the singing usually harshexample,

It also voices. dividual has an outbeen Stake, requires that Granite which singing. thatresult of too loud To insist

singing. there pitch out of its in inception be no since choir standing sing and more groupsuch a more softly

sweetly would be helpful. Again, striSimilar tone quality can be achieved 1919.

dent white tones are the result of singin part if the singers are encouraged to The director, William F. Robinson,

ing which is designated as too open. listen to and imitate each other while had his first appointment in choir work

Here practice with the vowel "oh"and singing in chorus. Balance of voice when, at the age of twelve, in England,

the covered tone assists in remedying parts is essential to blending because he was employed as organ blower at a this fault. all four voice parts should be heard. salary of ten shillings, or about two dolIf the conductor is a voice specialist, Blending creates beauty. lars, a year. He was very proud of

he can bring into the rehearsal some 4. Lack of Balance in Voice Parts this appointment, and has always been

exercises which will improve tone qualiNumerical balance of singers does in some kind of choir work since then.

ty. The ordinary audience will forgive not guarantee vocal balance. When the Both choir and congregation enjoy

singers who fail in many of the excelensemble blends perfectly there is a the splendid pipe organ which was aclencies of choral singing if their tone proper balance of voice parts. If any quired in 1938.

quality is pleasing. one voice part protrudes or any voice Rehearsals are held on Wednesday

2. Faulty Intonation isparta lackis blottedof balance.out by the others there someevenings,new andnumberthe directoreach time.aimsMembersto have

Faulty intonation results from tones The elements which affect balance missing at rehearsals or services are alwhich are out of pitch, and among singare: size of individual voices, arrangeways contacted by visit or telephone to

ers is due to lack of sensitivity to ment of the pitches of the various voice ascertain the reason for the absence.

pitches, carelessness, or to insufficient parts in the music, assignment of the Fred E. Curtis is choir president;

training in singing. melody line to the various voice parts Rachel Montague, organist; Rita Shand

When one considers that the tones Tibbs, pianist; Vesta Lee, secretary;

of the human voice are produced from HAWTHORNE WARD CHOIR Ernest Hook, librarian.

Genealogy

Temple Service by all159membersendowments.of the stakeAt theirpresidencyhead wereand

their wives, 50% of the high council andPriesthood Quorums every bishop in the stake. This was an

excellent example of what can be acNovember 18, 1943 complished by good organization and

Dear Stake Chairman: careful planning.

/\n September 23, 1943, we sent you San Fernando Stake. What may be

a copy of a letter from the first effectively done by a stake distant from presidency to presidencies of stakes and a temple is indicated in the report of presidencies of Melchizedek priesthood Stake Chairman J. Frank Dewsnup of

quorums, calling upon members of such San Fernando Stake:

quorums to clear the names of males in presidency, stake the with cooperation In parawaiting templesthe endowment, suggesthe accepted this of has stake Zion in the missionticularly those and com- a as to first take presidency the tion from lists.munity perof responsibility the project priesthood

This was to be undertaken as a quoforming the endowment for upwards of the temple to cannot go males. 100,000 We project, service the church comrum

1,000 to do heretofore, have but as direction this labor of themittee having funds the have proxy. endowments by Weofferedin supervised stake each all to be and collected.

by the presidency of the stake.

the Mission. Even SpanishAmerican

Ivie part. Sister are doing their It was further suggested that each missions

genealogicalstake should cocommittee in H. Jones reports:operate with the priesthood quorums

this important labor. President Jones and I are both extremely

Sufficient time has now elapsed for a interestedthe Mexicanin peopletemple shouldwork andbe urgedwe feelto takethat definite estimate to be made of the plans Photograph by A. E. Smith advantage of going to the Mesa Temple. On

under way in your stake for the accomTHE SALT LAKE TEMPLE, ILLUMINATED, EAST VIEW June 24, the day before the Mesa Temple plishment of this objective. Please closed, we conducted a temple excursion

write us soon, explaining: from here, and were met by a number of

age the brethren "to accept of this call our Mexican people from points in Arizona.

( 1 ) what temple work has already for service."We held a meeting in the temple just prior

stake; first the of I ofbeen your quorums done the by session, understand night to the as 29, a October commemoration On

in Spanish. held its that been ever has kind devices they procedures and what (2) the of of President birthday Stake

attendance in fiftynine people were There utilized interest tohave quorum memRiley, Stake of 134 members Weber all'through this session. at went we Then project; the inbers the exact plan (3) Salt attended the did and Temple Lake... plannight. are that the temple We being organization intoof operaput

the excursion around missionwide a ning tion; the part stake and your and (4) time hope at which 15th of we November,

genealogical temple commitandward been able to taketees have in the proWARNING to have more Mexican Saints in attendance.

in wartime British Mission. Evengram. Gladys Quayle By heartenresponse is most the England grateful are to chairstake some We ing. R. Cunningham, President James close, time are of sands to a moving sent already have us suchmen who a The reports chairman, genealogical mission bitter exists 'twixt hate Whilst many inreport. interested be what may You

stakes in are doing.some and missions abroad spirit is indeed Elijah of The

gift precious And zealstriving foes;life—the Saints are the country and of God to man our

Is often it scarce over e'er began. Stake, AlStake Chairman Weber their dead. of records to the lay ously up

letter Bragonje,bert receipt of the upon of obtaining the matter are pushing We battling for this means letter temple work; 23, addressed to The youth of nations gather in the frayof September a names

life's their blood, shed Thousands day problems. additional wartime by against many presidents,the leaders group and church

day, to a forward look eagerly However, we ofservice committeemen Melchizedek gratify for lust people's a power To in living, which peacetime of resumptionpriesthood of quorums Stake Weber the forget not Babel's and Tower. Lord Do the parobtaining from data of this matter

official this callpointing out from how will ishes so be much simpler.

the first presidency provided "a gloriTongues shall not be confused, but woe ous opportunity for the brethren to honbetide These reports emphasize the fact that or the priesthood they bear,"and addThe men who march with Satan side by side; every stake and every mission, whether

ing: For in his righteous anger God shall smite near or far from the temple, may do its

And banish all the wicked from his sight. full share in this churchwide priesthood

We plead with you officers, to help them project.

understand the magnitude of the work waitSo hearken all ye people everywhere ing to be done and their responsibility in Remember God's your Father—don't dePlease let us hear of your success.

this matter. Please spair urge each one individually to fulfil the suggested to the priesthood's warning voice Sincerely your brethren, assignment of at But listen

least two endowments, more if possible, by And be amongst the children of his choice. Genealogical Society

it personally; doing them making or by

possible them done. waiting to have The Choose ye this day—his coming may be of Utah,

dead are looking for results, not excuses. near Joseph Fielding Smith

Prepare yourselves, the clarion call to hear; President

Letters were also addressed to the Do not delay but choose your future desward chairmen, urging them to use their tiny Archibald F. Bennett

influence with ward leaders to encourTo be destroyed or live with God eternally. Secretary

JANUARY, 1944 45

Mutual Messages

jrspr-y----'rg>r'f'f"gyagjjM1 jy TF"WWJTJf r*yp jmpijmji..JfeJfcJSfcjBh.JhJk.JP JPWJP JKP 3P'IP JP* JP't. jshJfib. &. jWik.S5a 2fet.JfiBfaJsifc.j sDffii fifth ftkijfth Hftn Bfc fflt.Uti TKlh ilffli ffftiii Thi IBfci Bit JBh Tw

Honor Scoutmasters

(L-xecutiued fjeu, Vlea We56aae 'T'he Honor Certificate is given scout- * masters as an award for carrying

At the beginning of the New Year, we are happy to have the opportunity to out the church program in the conduct * extend to you hearty greetings. May the New Year bring into your lives of their troop. The requirements are

experiencedhappiness greater than have ever you the regularly Boy Leadership To attend said, are that It was "Men Lehi who of the bishopric and help meeting they might have joy."Joy comes from committee

righteous living. You, the youth of the church, have more reason to be joyful carry out their program to reach all boys.

possession, the Christ. gospel of a priceless than any other Jesus have people. You against the Scouts teach and persuade To

years seen to live. is a wonderful age few This have in which The last of liquor the the use and tobacco, and have a

introduction of electricity into our homes and industry which has almost revolupersonal conference with each one on the tionized our entire living; automobiles, airplanes, and fast transportation by rail subject.

have come into general use. To induce a majority of those eligible to

This is in direct fulfilment of the promise of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph acquire the Personal Health merit badge.

latter that in the days. Smith knowledge out on the people poured be would

the "Carry exercises, make On"To use this the also coming of increased knowledge comes and power, With Association, a great contact the with Primary and responsibility to mankind and especially to the Latterday Saints. The Latterhelp train boys in tenderfoot tests.

day Saints have been given the most responsible mission since the assignment

Scouts of the read read and have To 25% the of the apostles said Savior our to them,made to ye into all old when "Go the for year. the Reading Course book gospel."then theworld preach and with world compared was small The known

the world of today. To use the theme project lessons.

is Israel greater: to the message received they admonimodern even The have properly. observe Sunday in camp To

that tion are to the to they to the as the creature Lord be ones preach gospel every all sure from to advancement rank be To in the declared the has preface to Doctrine Covenants. and of the has requirements to met rank "duty

the all voice disciples, shall of to people, warning be the of And mouths by whom my God."

.. in last chosen these I have shall forth shall days. they stay them,. For and none go And

verily the voice of the Lord is unto all men, and there is none to escape, and there is no The men who qualified for the award eye that shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, neither heart that shall not be last season are given below. Their picpenetrated.... tures are shown herewith.

the voice of the all earth, will Wherefore that the ends of the is unto that Lord may Nash Welch, Troop 37, Cowley, hear: is Prepare ye, for prepare ye 1:4, 5, 2, 11, (D.... that which 12.) to come & C.

onehalf years three as and Wyoming, Saints Latterday responsibility. this shirk not should to are The preach We certificate scoutmaster. advance on Has the gospel precept example, to the by the and of people and young M.I.A., we of Leadership Elements Scout has and

is that say example potent of preaching. your most method

certifiother for the completed work in are position a in of the world. prominence now a Hardly week We cates. of available had boys Has 100% passes in notice is some or written the spoken of given not Latterday word registered attendance. and The 89% Saints. inject unparalleled have most opportunity a truths through to gospel thatWe thirtyScouts twentytwo taken have the nationwide broadcasts of our Tabernacle Choir. the accompanying With eight merit badges. millions messages, the each week, to the of hear have opportunity philosophy

Mormonism. Charles Geurts (Rank, Silver Palm

Our people are scattered over most of the civilized world; this is in direct Eagle) Troop 46, Salt Lake City, has

fulfilment of the prophecy of the Lord given in vision to Nephi fortyfive boys registered, 40% nonSyrian, (Greek, Yugoslavian, members

I... the beheld church of the few, and its of God, numbers Lamb were Russian, Spanish, Jewish, Mexican, I beheld the the of church the saints of also were God, were Lamb who upon... neverthelessall the face

Irish, English naFrench, German, and earth. of the 14:12.) (I Nephi

tionalities). Troop has a "Tradition

And so to all Mutual Improvement members we would say, make the most Book"in which are numerous letters of this opportunity, establish seek to righteousness in in that part of the land former from members now serving in which that you Latterday chaste, true, live. Remember to be honest, Saints seek forces. the armed

benevolent, virtuous, that they and endeavor to do good to all men. They are 1933 President's Streamer for obtainlight constantly seeking truth. for and

The M.I.A. has a twofold mission, that of helping build a testimony of ing yearly objectives; 1934 Gold

the divinity of the gospel, and building and strengthening character through the Streamer for high honors in recruiting;

development of the gifts within as stated by President Brigham Young. 1940 Council Camping award; 1942

The mission of the M.I.A. is a happy one; the Latterday Saints should be Top Honors Award for recruiting

of boys of Scout age belonging 100%the happiest people the earth. on in times, Although troublesome have we live we

institution. sponsoringthe protection of the gospel and the of our to he will the sure word Lord that be

bulwark and our strength. Hans Rasmussen, Troop 39, Salt

Go forward, therefore, young men and women of the church. Remember Lake City, increased membership from

the name you bear. Make your lives exemplary and useful. Fill the New Year—October, 1942, to May, 1943, from

and it is our prayer that you may—with a great service to your fellow men and twentytwo to fortytwo and from six

to the Lord. tenderfoot, nine second class, seven

first class to three tenderfoot, nine second class, seventeen first class, six star, and two life, taking 121 merit badges.

Also received A rating in Camporee and attended 90% winter camp at Wigwam.

Brother Rasmussen had previously built up a fine troop at Lund, Nevada, a small community where Scouting has several times failed.

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Paul S. Bieler, Troop 9, Ogden, Utah, M.I.A. IN ACTION

right, Olson, left, and Karin Emmett, Beatrice Top: Scouts; registered managed thirtyhas

attendance perfect have a Lovell Wyoming, the Ward, system; patrol and budgeton the BeeKeeper Girls, and as BeeHive years three for has ofrecord

missed never for have six years. They center, Olson, servVilate war and in emergency wellserved

have entered The girls work. in BeeHive an appointment hikes; meets traditional fineices; has diligence. enthusiasm and equal Junior into with work

weekly during summer in secret camp;

derives much help from church proSecond: The 269th Birmingham Kingstanding M.I.A.

gram. BoyEdwardScoutG. Troop,ArmstrongunderandtheDistrictsupervisionScoutmasterof ScoutmasterBertram

Howard C. Boulton, Troop 12, Ever- H. Stokes, is seen here in its 1943 summer camp at

ett, Washington, has fortyeight Walton Bay, Somerset, England.

Scouts; chosen first in AllYear ScoutThird: For five consecutive years the Mendon M.I.A.

ing program, first for outstanding adSpecial Interest group, Hyrum Stake, has waived summer vancement during the last three months vacationtime the timeambitiousand continuedallwoman withgroupitshasprogram.completedIn studythisof 1942, and first in Region 11 for War of the New Testament, Old Testament, Doctrine and CoveService award; goes on camping trip Smith;nans; "Essentials"Jesus the inChrist,"Church byHistory,"James E.by Talmage;Joseph Fielding"Brigonce each month; Scoutmaster Boulton ham Young the Colonizer,"by Milton R. Hunter; "Gospel

learned Scouting after troop was orStandards,"on,"by Danielby HeberL. Marsh.J. Grant;Nora andH. Nelson"The Americanis supervisor.Canganized in 1941. Has received his

Eagle badge. Has in troop fortythree

nonmembers of the church, with enthusiastic approval of parents. Attributes success to the fine cooperation

of Bishop H. R. Collins and members of

the troop committee.

Roy A. Woolley, Troop 1, Alberta,

Canada; has eighteen registered; two

King Scouts out of five in Alberta

Province; won shield 1940 and 1941 in

district competition in games, first aid, signaling, knottying, and other skills;

has had nine boys become King Scouts.

Brother Woolley has been with the troop eleven years as assistant and later scoutmaster. He gives credit for the

progress to his predecessor, who gave him a fine start, and to his assistant for faithfulness.

Dr. Don Markham, Troop 66, Long

Beach, California; has twentyfive

members, increased from seven during the year partly through camping at

Tahquitz; one life, one star, thirteen

first class, five second class; organized

so that when scoutmaster is detained, boys carry on; was himself a lone

Scout in Spanish Fork where he was born, but at twelve attended summer camp at Camp Timpanogos; became an

Eagle before turning fifteen; acts as

commissioner of district as well as scoutmaster of troop; now going into

armed forces.

Peter Sparreboom, Troop 72, Burton

Ward, Salt Lake City, has seventyone boys registered, has won blue ribbon and gold ribbon for registering first and largest number of boys. Brother Sparreboom started in as assistant scoutmaster two years ago, but after a week

was left with the troop, consisting of twentyseven boys. He knew nothing

of Scouting. He used one of the boys

to teach him, attended training classes, and now is a Star Scout. He didn't

have time to give us the necessary information, but one of his boys writes

He was very active in these courses (training) and passed on what he had learned to the boys. He showed them many

new games and that is what the boys liked.... Pete has done one of the best

jobs that any scoutmaster could do.

HONOR SCOUTMASTERS

Scoutmasters who received Honor Certificates recently are seen here, top, left to right: Dr. Don

Markham, Nash Welch, Hans Rasmussen, Peter Sparreboom; lower: Charles Geurts, Paul S. Bieler,

Howard C. Boulton, Roy A. Woolley.

JANUARY, 1944 47

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

( Continued from page 3 1 Branches Discontinued

Thulburn R. Holt succeeds Hazen M. Mercur Branch, Tooele Stake, has beenSpackman.

President V. discontinued. Thayel Stake, Winder Cottonwood Ward, Big the records released and has beenH. Peery Heninger succeeds AshCook Claude I.

office. stake in the storedton.

been Stake, has Branch, Carbon Rolapp Branch, Stake, Hiawatha Claude Carbon transthe membership with disorganized,Erickson succeeds LeRoy Mecham.

ferred Castle the Gate Henry to Ward. Stake, North Shore GorChicago Ward,

elder. presiding as released was Wilcoxdon Driggs. succeeds K. Golden Owen

Topaz Branch, Deseret Stake, Doren B.

Boyce succeeds Warren R. Nelson. Dedications

Springview Ward, Grant Stake, Herbert The Hurricane North Ward chapel

W. Bissinger succeeds Iris B. Morgan. of the Zion Park Stake was dedicated

Stake, Upalco Claude Lake Ward, Moon Elder Joseph F. Merrill October 10, byHershel Iorg L. Mitchell. succeeds Alvin the twelve. of the council Challis Nelof Stake, C. Lost River Ward,

don Stocking succeeds William S. Dickson. The Bennington Ward chapel of the

Mountainville Branch, North Sanpete Montpelier Stake was dedicated recentStake, David A. Shelley succeeds William LITTLE FARMER—BIG YIELD ly by Elder George F. Richards of the

L. Shelley. Succeeding radishes, early of an Alfonso crop council of the twelve.

of Longhurst, age Dublan, Chihuahua, Colonia 8, Snowflake Stake, Bruce Snowflake Ward, of the chapel Weiser The Ward tillers, planted Mexico, corn, cut suckers out and Flake succeedsM. Hendrickson. A. Hyrum learned deal yield. gained good a maximum He has dedicated October Stake and Weiser was Balboa Stake, Francisco Ward, San James responsibility. about Incidentally, RichBishop 24, Grand Le by Presiding been the harvestagriculture—anda has tithed.A. Curley Liddell. F. succeeds Leon

ards.

New Words, Branches The Hollywood Ward chapel of the Los

Stake, Deseret Branch, has Tooele 28 dedicated November Stake was been Angeles Stake, has"Drentwood Inglewood Ward, as presiding formed with Skinner John J. of the Smith Albert President George by*-'been the organized of a division by Mar elder. twelve. of the councilVista the time wards. Santa and Monica At

the of chapel Shore Lake Ward The Stake, has Branch, been Weiser Owyheeof organization susWilliam was G. Brown

dedicated September Stake was Palmyra parts organized of the from Nyssa Ward,tained bishop. as

Clark, Jr. President Reuben by J. pre19, sustained as Nathaniel with A. Ashby Blaine Stake, Jerome been has Ward,

tabernacle Star Valley combination The elder. siding Firstdivided to form the and Jerome Second

dedichapel was Afton North and Wardwards. old Olsen, bishop the A. of Leo Stake, Branch, has Cortez been Young at Afton, 19, by cated September Wyoming of sustained bishop asJerome was Ward, of the part States a organized from Western the of council of the A. Widtsoe Dr. Johnthe First Charles H. Jerome and Ward, as preMission, with Bayles Ellwood Reed twelve. sustained of the bishop asAndrus was elder. siding

SecondJerome Ward.

Branch, Deseret Stake has been Douglas Ward, Bonneville Stake, has Stake Presidencies Abraham created with Alva Allen Young as presiding been created by the organization of the Park "President J. Emmett Bird and counselors

elder. Stake. The ward was formerly a part of * Albert William Harmer and Claude G.

Callao Branch, Nevada Stake, had been the Emigration Ward, Park Stake. Eugene Salisbury have been released from the Kolob

organized with Cyrene E. Bagley as presid- P. Watkins, formerly bishop of the EmigraStake presidency. Ernest A. Strong was

ing elder. tion Ward, was sustained as bishop of the sustained as president, with Andrew G.

La Jolla Branch, San Diego Stake, has Douglas Ward. Edwin F. Heiser succeeds Peterson as first, and Glen Willis Sumsion

been organized with Warren Winthrope Bishop Watkins as the bishop of the Emias second counselor.

Fitch, Jr., as presiding elder. gration Ward. President Peter E. Johnson and counselors

WE GET Sojfefy—

PLUS 20# DIVIDENDS...

"Figuring fire insurance costs is a pleasanter job than it used to be, thanks to GENERAL of AMERICA. When we make a clearcut saving of 20%

on our fire insurance, while getting the strongest capital stock fire insurance that money can buy...

GENERAL is it any wonder that we're sold on the company?"INSURANCE CD

OFAMERICA TfomeDffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL OF AMERICA SENERAk SEATTLE... Home Office: H. K. DENT, President

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

City. Bjarnson, Grube Utah; Mrs. Grace Beard, Tremonton.

Bjarnson, Einer California;The Church Moves On Edith Anne Aston. Blackfoot, Idaho; Shirley Clifford Northern California: Dorothy Ellen Ray, Salt Lake San Donald North Central: Elizabeth Mary Anderson, Shelley, San Diego,

Diego, California; Wendell Lavor Tolman, Pocatello, Idaho; Ferris Labrum Shaw, Murray, Utah; Blake N.

Percy L. Labrum and Arnold E. Johnson Idaho; Chloe Olsen, Logan, Utah; Vernon Osmond Dustin, Driggs, Idaho; John Thorton Richardson,

Pleasant Olson, Payson, Utah; Utah; Grove, Morris Rees Huntington, Garn Tremonton, George Cook, Stake. released beenhave in the Nampa

Reimschiissel, Fork, Castle Dale, Utah; American Carl Bowers, Audrey Marie Utah; George Salt LakePresident was sustained H. Swenson Leon Lehi, City; Russon, Kimball Utah; Leland Provo, Dickey. RaFall Utah; Leo Wesley Utah. Wing

William andwith California; Barlow, Eldon Lee Walton, San Jose, David J. Yorgason McKay Brimhall, Taylor, Arizona; Northwestern: Norma

California; McBride, Marjorie Santa Jean Monica, counselors. as Ursel Ralph Embry,Johnson Utah; Karl George AshEllsworth Adams, Carolina; Columbia, South Homer croft, Jr., Kirtland, Mexico; Kenneth Johnson Logan,New President Stake, the Francisco In San Utah; City; Ogden, Salt Lake Owen, Heber Raymond Fork. Beck. Salt Franklin Utah; American David Day, counselors S. and StetMcDonald RayHoward Floyd Clawson, Lehi Utah; Hyrum, Derwood W.

T. Lindsay and Claude B. Petersen have tler, Logan, Utah. (Concluded on page 51)

been released. Claude B. Petersen was sustained as president with George C. Schiess

as first, and Serge J. Lauper as second

counselor. sustained recently Kimball, Spencer W.

of the council twelve, the ofmember has F 1 RST the released of president as GraMt.been

ham Stake. Joseph Harold Mitchell, formerly first counselor to Elder Kimball, was suson the Wartime Shopper's List

tained as stake president, with J. Vernon

suscounselor, formerly secondMcGrath, that's ENRICHED with valuable L. BREAD counselor,tained as first Stephen and

Owens as second counselor. Vitamins and Iron

President George Ariel Bean and counselors C. Lloyd and Wilde Walch John W.

released in the Stake. Elder Use ROYAL ENRICHED BREAD and be sure that everyone in beenhave Union

Walch was sustained as stake president. the family gets the additional vitamins and iron he needs for

His counselors have not been reported as proper nutrition. And Royal Bread, with its deyet.

licious "homemade"flavor, is a treat with

Missionaries Released every meal.

The following list includes missionaries released in November, 1943, and others not previously reported: Listen to the New Radio Serial

HOMEYOUR Brazilian: Salt City; Austin, Lake Joseph Ray QUARTERMASTER"Clar- "SAMFRONTADAMS,

Saltence Duffin, City; Lake Harlow Don J. Olsen,

a.m. KSL—9:30 Utah.Ogden,

British: James Martin, Marion Paterson, Kate Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays

Machin, Edna Gardner, all residents of the British

Isles. every day

California: Lynn Hardy. Emerson at your grocer's

SaltAnnabelle Thomas, Coon Lake City; SaltMaxLakeKendallCity; MoreRoyalThanBaking50 YearsCo., ofSaltServiceLake andandOgdenProgress Fresh

King, Aberdeen, Idaho; Ward Franklin Jarman,

Randlett, Utah; Leland Royal Davidson, Parker, Idaho;

Horace Junior Grant, Bountiful, Utah; Boyd Moulton,

Grovont, Wyoming, Canadian: Grant Zaugg, Ogden, Utah; Albert

Grayston Lawrence, Salt Lake City; Milton Howe

Brinton, Rexburg, Idaho; Orrin William Larsen, Preston, Idaho;

Canada; ThomasClell RossEldenMendenhall,Hogenson, Raymond,Sterling, Alberta,Alberta. Nobody Can nCanada; James Howard Hamling, Wrentham, Alberta, You'll Find Nu

Canada; Gail Bond Home, Mesa, Arizona; Anna

British Victoria, Columbia, Canada;Gerber, Richard Stop LOSS—'There's-A-WarOn"Logan, Utah; Gerald Anderson,Dale Edwin Wright,

Salt City.Jr., Lake

Burton, Salt City; Lake Marvin Hanson

City; Anderson, Salt Ruth ZunLake CarolynEmmaCentral:

dell, California; Salt Everybody Can Attitude Here! i Elzinga, Chico, Haykens Andrew

Hurricane, City; Hinton, Utah;Lake Harvard Roy indeed! Although N1 0, Falls, Idaho; Wilford IdahoQuincy Walker Adams, operating to capacity Ivan Avoid It Through we're*- Virgil City; Salt Bushman,Bengtsen, SnowLake John

flake, Arizona; Keith Harker Clarke, Salt Lake City; and frequently obliged to

Cornelius DeVries, Ogden, Utah; Claude Charles say, "Sorry, no accommodaFurness, John EphraimDean, Lyman, Wyoming; available,"still you'll Jr., LIFE MSURAIVEE tions Fife, Gridley,Salt City; Victoria Lake Gwendolyn

find tha same friendly atmosProvo,California; Utah; Orville Floyd Cyrus Hancock,

Victor Israelson, Logan, Utah; Zeneth Gilgen Israelson, phere prevails at the Temple

City; Salt Jackson, Blaine Miller Lake Utah;Logan,

Albert Salt Lake City;Lloyd Anderson Mecham, WilWhen you come Square.we're mightyToday,thankfulas always,that Bountiful, Mottishaw, Utah; Pocaliam Law, Ronald

of you thinktello, Staioey Thatcher, Paul Arizona; Idaho; Rogers, you us when for insurance here

Lafay Arizona;Vinton Eager, Wayne to Salt come City. Lake And

Willis Loren WhitMexico; J.ColoniaPearce, Dublan,Romney, it, we'll do our to justify best coupled you get Stimpson, Arizona; Robert Heying, Vernon, James

burn, Idaho. your continued loyalty to

East Central: Lyle Edward Whitmer, Central, with attentive, expe-.Salt Lake's newest hotel.

Utah.

Eastern: Joseph Robert Anderson, Salt Lake City; rienced service. This

Darley, Wellsville, Utah; Zola Baker, MaughanRoy is an agency of the Montana.Missoula,

Glade, Melvin George Hawaiian:

Salt Salt Lake City; Utah Home Fire InHotel Hallstrom, Lake City. EmersonJames

Cristi, Rangel Ruiz, Corpus Raul Mexican: Texas; surance Co. Chihuahua, Dublan, Colonia Bowman, WesleyHenry

Mexico; Rey Rolla Thayne, Farmington, New Mexico;Mac Bluth, Colonia Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico; MilTemple Square

ton Alvin Romney, Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico;

Oscar Leath Cluff, Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico;

Mexico; Colonia Chihuahua, Allred, Pacheco,Clyde

Mexico; Hidalgo,Elena Marcos, Parra, San Elisa UTAH HOME FIRE frjyj&m

Enriqueta D.F.; Martir,Flores, Mexico Pedro San

Martir, D.F.; BlancaJuarez, Mexico Pedro San Rosa INSURANCE CO. 51 Mexico; Augustin Blanca, Tierra Cruz,Navarro, Vera

Martir, D.F. PedroHaro, Mexico San

Miller Grant Mack, England: Inspiration, AriHeber J. Grant & Co. CLARENCEManagerL. WEST New

City; Salt Hedin,zona; Lake Le Roy William Lavor General Agents

Keith Nelson, Leland Utah; Provo, Kockerhans,PerryOr|den. Utah; Emma Pauline Decker, Mancos, ColoSalt Lake City, Utah M

rado; Aaron L-tt Robinson, Idaho Falls, Idaho.

Northern: G'en Conway Grant. Bountiful, Utah;

IANUARY, 1944 "Man, you're on our team!"

"Your station deserves credit for a raft of our men clocking in on time. The way you keep

their cars shipshape here is saving us manhours—plenty—

or we couldn't keep beating schedules. Our plant driver

brings the office car here—to keep it readier than a fire

Such praise from the engine. Even our laboratory scoffers rave about your giving their engines internal oilplating to hamstring damage

war plant's Big Boss from engine acids! You're helping cars live. Great stuff!"

caused the Conoco Mileage Merchant to throw out his you know of anticorrosive plating chest. His Conoco N th oil... oil that... like chromium plating. Just as

OILPLATES... is even more essential closely, protective OILPLATING is

for less essential cars, used only now surfaced to precious engine parts by and then. The unavoidable acids of the "magnetlike"attraction that

combustion—mostly heated away, Conoco Nfh. oil creates synthetically.

before rationing, by prompt reuse Resist acid's appetite for your engine.

of the car—now loiter inside and OlLPLATE with Conoco N**. Today.

threaten to cause corrosion. But Continental Oil Company

CONOCO MOTOR OIL

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ON W.

souri: Peterson Wallace

( Concluded from page 49 Crandell, Arizona; Woodruff, Stucki,NormaParis,ShirleyIdaho;Schofield,Lorin J. JwshsL "MUST"Boohi,

Lake City; Doris Myrtle Johnson, Salt Lake City; EdCity. Salt Lake

Indiana; Flanders, ward Hammond, Dean Dean Boyson Keith Jacobson, Provo, Texas: Utah; T. Lloyd DerWall, Lordsburg, Salem, Oregon; Leslie Webb, Newrell Oakland, Gottlieb John McAdams, Mexico. Teuscher, Jr., Hollingshead, Bruce Ogden; Lyman, California;W.

Southern: Alberta Millie Williamson, Tehachapi, Simms, Moss, Montana; Willard Donald Wyoming;

California; Lucille Bailey, Pauline Moroni, Utah; Bountiful, Utah; Frank Jed Hugh Stringham, Brown (Check books desired, fill in name and

Mortenson, Los Angeles, California; Marjorie ThompNelson, Great Falls, Montana. address, tear out, and mail)

son, Shelley, Idaho: Salt City; William Lake Thomas, Lettie Child, Edith South Western: Utah; Ogden,

Springville, Samuel Utah; Delia Jones, Reid VaLoy Crookston, Logan, Byron Utah: Lynn Lloyd Hepworth $1.50 and Day Always D This Midvale, Filer, Darrington, Utah; Brady, B. Elvis Fork, Utah; Hayward, American L. Hutchinson, M. Richard Ned Evans By Idaho; Salt Sparks R. Lunn, Lucian Lake Boyd Utah; Stratford Payson, Loosle, Clarkston, Byron

Arizona; Ethel Mesa, Melvin Mecham, Wilde, City;M. the Hills Unto Earl Norton, David Provo, Utah; $1.50 Utah; Dale Mark

California. Santa Ana, Rigby, Utah; L. Richard AriNewton, By Shumway, Mesa, L. Evans Don

City; Nilsen, Edgar Salt Lake zona; Roy SpanishAmerican: Meikle Harris, PlyDee New

$2.50 Salt Albert The Gay Saint Lake City; Grant, Mathews, Walter Inez LaRene Felix, Idaho; Eileen Springville, mouth, Utah; Leonard

By Paul Bailey Weiser, Idaho. Johnson, Phoenix, Arizona; Lindquist Richard Haws

Marriot, California; Richmond, Alfred John Neal, Western Canadian: Blayne Franklin Stevens, BarnGospel Standards St, Russell, Utah; Louis, Ogden, Ralph Sherman Alberta, Miswell, Canada. By Heber J. Grant $2.25

D In the Gospel Net $1.25

By John A. Widtsoe

Reconciliations Evidences and $1.85 MUSIC By John A. Widtsoe

( Concluded from page 44 to the first three and function only as Signs of the Times $1.25

than the setting of the tempo can be specialities in the great art of interpretaBy Joseph Fielding Smith tion. taste in Good responsibility. their made The perfectinterpretation is a D Way to ByPerfectionJoseph Fielding Smith $1.25 inestimable of value. diction ing of is the responsibility of the prize

For This Glory $2.50 My conductor, the point must out who Paul Bailey By Accompaniment An Which pronunciation of proper the 8. vowels and Impedes Brannan the Sam and California Mordistinct enunciation of each consonant. mons $1.75 accompanist cannot sense An who Bailey Paul By desires conductor diction The good who

intent the execute and of the conductor listen from his chorus to must the enunis to an impediment and singers the perThe Gospel KingdomBy John Taylor $2.25 ciation of are being as they sung, words

and give help or corrections as needed. formance. An imperfect accompanist Brigham Young the Colonizer $3.00

has one or more of the following deBy Dr. Milton R. Hunter

7. Bad Taste in Interpretation ficiencies: limited technical ability,

Bad taste in interpretation is largely lack of skill in following a director, inORDER NOW WHILE STOCKS ARE the result of immature musical judgsensitiveness to musical nuances, canAVAILABLE iTHE instruthe maintain not of a balance CO. BOOKCRAFT lack in ment of training traditional and

P. O. 63, Salt Box City, Lake Utah failure to voices, the with ment or practices. Please the send books checked above.

flatfalter, singers guide the they when certain are underlying There prin- $ or Check order money the ten pitch the stray or music, from ciples of interpretation for as it music enclosed.

has come down to us during the cenlack of cooperation and interest in the Please send C.O.D.

turies, which came into being when the instructions given by the director to NAME singers. the music composed. was composers The

The accompanist who loves his work, ADDRESS of music, style, each were with his own ability his technical and will improve the fountainhead of interpretation. by: Your orders will receive immediate attention. lessons, will noand by taking the lesser trained For conductors and practice

also the novices, there is no better wise lose his reward.

imitate course than to set the those who

If is Questions for Consideration standards. the imitative method

followed studiously, it will result in fos- 1. What constitutes a pleasing choral pertering both individuality and enterprise formance to the worshiping listener?

factors, the from 2. Enumerate memory since it establishes basis a good

article, this in the from discussed conof which which departures sensibly. be made may conscious. ductor be must

Here again listening to good records 3. Demonstrate strident tone and "covwould be worth while. ered"tone.

The finely spun elegances of inter- 4. Announcement. The subject for treatpretation which great conductors porment at the fifth meeting will be "Music for

tray before us result from the symWorship."This will give an excellent opfor choristers portunity to organists and pathetic masterful six ordering and of

their subject. views exchange on this abstractions: its seeming tempo and for consultation: 5. Books Choral Convariations, levels their dynamic and Press, ducting, T. Davidson, A. Harvard by

fluctuations, phrasing, legato, staccato, $2.00. Chorister's Manual, Church by J. S. RESOLVEportamento. last three are auxiliary The cents. Deseret Cornwall, 75 Book Company, IN THE NEW YEAR

Ask your KOLOB AGENT to help you emember, adequate insurance THE STORY OF LAMBKINS glannecessaryfor a New Year free from worry. conservation wartime measis a

(Concluded from page 8) So with a Scout program as the leadure. General Insurance Agency

At the close of the camping trip the ing feature, they proceeded to get Frank Salisbury, Mgr.

boys had a real pal that followed them everybody in the neighborhood intereverywhere they would let him go. The ested in the lamb.

parents were quite surprised to see their sons return followed by a small The boys put on a skit of Scouting for lamb who wouldn't let them get out of the entertainment of the crowd and his sight. When it was six months then sold the lamb, the money for which

old, and the boys were handicapped in they now have in their patrol treasury.

caring for it, they decided to sell it to This money will be used to purchase some sheep man in their community. Scout equipment. 330SaltJudgeLake Bldg.City

JANUARY, 1944 51 THE REDEEMER'S COMING (Concluded from page 17) And the angel said unto them, Fear not: Glory to God in the highest, and on earth

For unto us a child is born. for, behold, I bring you good tidings of peace, good will toward men. (Luke 2:10Unto us a son is given: great joy, which shall be to all people. 11. 1314.)

in shall the city unto is born the be For you this day government upon hisAnd peasants, Outside a few the world is of Saviour, a Christ shoulder: David, which

of his unaware the was men birth. Wise... called Lord. his shall be Wonderful, nameAnd

Counselor, And suddenly there was with the angel came from the East to worship him,

The mighty God, the everlasting Father, a multitude of the heavenly host praising and eventually the world was to know

The Prince of Peace. God, and saying, him and take that night into its life.

Of the increase of his government shall there peaceAnd be no end, \\ the throne of David,Upon I TAKE THEE // his kingdom, uponAnd it establish to order it, andTo {Concluded from page 27) hoped she was like those singing Brown justice with and judgmentWith from henceforth even for ever. He held a clergy ticket in his other Eyes, with her head held high with courThe zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform hand and his destination was a Canaage to face anyone, friend or enemy.

this. dian mission home. As we sang on into Sometimes our seeming friends are ac-

(Isaiah 9:6-7.) "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophtually enemies—-like the boys at camp.

right thought other they I noticed They et"that had passengers done were me a after centuries Nearly Isaiah seven in. turn to take good joining us the June peering platform on and me Maybe idyllic thesewrote another words,

that. like friends she had their the Anne apwindows, from nodding Wouldprophet wrote:

in the she caught know? proval. be Would

black, swirling excuse war? Once

hit that impact so hard do The me again, that I prayed June night—forof I forget. I shall think ever not Why,I for the Eyes. and Brown Anne

thrill this for over two known THE ADVERTISERS hadn't years! No wonder I hadn't been glad to

and Where You Will Find go home! I had been unconsciously

ashamed of some violations I had made 1 died in Tunisia. It wasn't

Their Messages of the trust and faith that home had had as I thought it would be. You see, I

in me. The nod of approval from the did get that promotion and a couple

AllisChalmers Manufacturing Co. 6 listeners shattered forever some real more after that. Once given the plan to

Beneficial Life Insurance Company tyranny. chains of which into the sea, Tyranny had push the enemy we pressed Back Cover that a personal heaped bondage, upon I learned with boldness. forward 3 been The Bonham Co.,

Bookcraft Company 36, 38, 51, 55 me by myself and bringing me as reonce.

Borden Company 35 ward only weakness, compromise, and I always wondered what it would be

Brigham Young University 54 flabby response to great opportunities. like to be really shot. You don't feel it

Crescent Manufacturing Co 56 Why, I had been ashamed of declaring at all for a second. Something just spun

Continental Oil Co.. 50 the gospel! in staunchness These a everything around, went and warm me Daynes Music 63 Co I afraid! weren't Saints And me for awhile. and and dark swimming Deere 5 and Company. I free! wasn't was all My better right again, only I'm beloweither—now Now Deseret 62 Book Co sing to being and seemed expand whole I in before ever than been have my Deseret Federal Savings > Loan

it I to to declare out! suddenly wanted life. in 1 of comthe Several boys Asociation my

Deseret News Press 58 every person in that station. This was pany are here, but we're so busy we

Durkee's Troco Margarine 39 the happy way of life! This was the don't get much chance to talk about

FelsNaptha Soap and Soap Chips straightforwardness and comradeship old times. It gets a little lonesome some-

1 disreal a to bring that peace would times though.

Insurance General 48 of America I at to look the turned world! traught Is of think the Eyes. I often Brown 56 Glade Candy Co of outside the scattered lobby people

still that as radiant as sure she and Milling 3 Grain Globe and Co all listenstation. they the were Why,... Hall's 37 Canker night her to Remedy from goodbye I waved

it for ing. the was And Hotel Square 49 quiet—except Temple rethink she platform? the you Do

Saints!''of refrain "Come, Ye Come Hotel 7 last Utah soldier to she the so members whom

Inc. Co., Intermountain Harvester

I brilliant willingly to train encouraging started ungave a move, the As Inside Cover Back in light smile the of faraway found a goodbye mixed and consciously waved... Corporation 51 Kolob

L.D.S. Business College 36 myself looking into two sparkling station and the uncertain shadows of

Loma Linda 55 brown eyes that suddenly smiled at me a moonlight night? Do you think life's

Maid O'Barley.: 37 across the widening space. There was frustrations and discouragements will

Morning Milk... 38 courage in the straight shoulders as if bend her straightforwardness or break

Mountain Fuel Supply Company.... they had been used to confronting the off her vision of life as it reaches through

Inside Front Cover her extends into religions defending world and and mine? Do of many 1 world Biscuit Purity Company.. think loneliness entruth temporary as I reyou the and knew it 57 Rancho Soup Company the of appalling conditions forced by membered asit-—now.she Co.... Baking 49 Royal

will until cut short she her war wisdom 61 Salt Tribune Lake I I night that in berth lay was As my will for seize blindly shortsighted what in Heaven, Second by Prof. War spineless stupidity at chagrined my but philosophers wellmeaning have -63 Nelson of for years robbed had two me

is 4 which Milk said will Sego happiness? In Company desperation strength honesty the and and buoyancy Skeptic Discovers Mormonism, by birthright, she thus noble a throw away

I conviction. of done Everything had 59 Riggs T. indistinguishable the in becoming to me representa- a poor lame and been had 35 Garden Tea I living until of beings mass. cannot

I I Pacific could tion suddenly Stages of 57 Union what knew find her?

I Engraving 37 Utah that Company missed accomplish. had How

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. 49 lesson so completely? In all of life we Somehow, I trust the Brown Eyes.

8 Oil Refining Utah Company made, a choice. once must make And for of her destiny I died in the midst Producers Poultry CooperUtah to the follow through end must we

. with perplexed, nations ative with confused Association 53 and

lies for therein accomplishboldness 60 Co. Utah faith justice living Power in the & Light of a God. She

Zoom 37 ment and worthwhile success. will live for the peace and progress of

Then I thought of June Anne. How I the new world as I died for it.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITORIALS (Concluded from page 32) elected to positions of trust to soothe

And from that New Year's resolution us to an unawareness of their adroit use there must come also a like decision of words, thereby clouding and conthat we demand worthy speech from fusing the very vital issues involved.

those who address us. As we insist with We have been captivated by their manourselves that truth be our aim, we can ner of speaking rather than having

demand like truth from others. Words given thought to what it is they say.

for their own sake may be interesting Let our resolution for 1944 be a dual as exercises, as euphonious expressions, one: that we think critically before we

but used as a means when of communispeak in order that we may edit ourcation, in truth. they should deal

This may mean a complete shift of thoughts and our speech, and that we emphasis, for too often we have been analyze carefully what we are told thatwilling to deal in halftruths and to acour minds may be whole, and that we CDDPEflATIOIV- cept them from others. We have fremay live worthy of our Creator in

quently permitted those whom we have whose image we are made. M. C. J. at work!—

Through the combined efforts of its members, the Utah Poultry Pro- \\DISABLED // ducers Cooperative Association (Continued from page 18) are expressing unwillingness to return ing given the most modern medical and to their homes because they dread the produced last year more eggs and psychiatric care, the finest surgery and wellmeant but emotionally trying welpoultry meat than anyone would appliances, expert rehabilitation, vocacome thy know they would receive. have dreamed possible a few years

training,tional restraint finally employment and Selfdiscipline will have and... and this in the face of serithatopportunities confirm persons their hardto many be practiced by who ago

won feelings of independence. All these have never before been in the presence ous feed problems.

things are being provided, and provided of disfigured or crippled men—especialby persons and organizations expert in ly by members of a disfigured man's Eightyfive per cent of our entire

their field, professionally equipped to family, and by his friends, when seeing output went to our soldiers, sailors, firstfurther his injury. since time the for the welfare of wounded exhim

service if the are and marines. The rest helped promen. effort be This must made men

Dut the families, friends, and acquaintnotgress.to receive setbacks in their provide for civilian needs.

disfigured the disabled ances of and pledge In the coming year, we as the norperson 1. Treat the maimed at large, publicmen, a rehave and the

effort to produce eggs more been has he always mal person and every It is too. insponsibility matter, the up

to them to further the men's progress continues to be. and poultry meat than ever before.

during rehabilitation by considerate and The loss of an arm or a jaw or an cooperative behavior. Men who are ear or a leg may change the appearance

working hard to acquire new selfcon- of a man. But personality and character

fidence, or who have acquired it, must are not necessarily changed. It is true

not be jolted out of it by thoughtless, that they are almost certain to be afsuperficially temporarily, manifestationsuncontrolled fected of pity or and unUtah is restored; selfconfidence or til or false cheerinesshorror or distaste but after

tooeager curiosity or other emotionalthat point a disabled man's personality Poultry Producers ism. may even grow, as the result of his own

For the purpose of increasing public knowledge of the handicap which he Cooperative Ass'n awareness of some of the problems has overcome and the respect of others. Salt Lake City, Utah

faced by disabled and disfigured men If you are disturbed by the disfigurein their search for rehabilitation and ment, discipline yourself so that your "Milk White"Eggs and Poultry normal living, and for the purpose of disturbance is not apparent. Do not let Norbest Turkeys

indicating to what extent public cohorror or sorrow appear on your face operation can be of benefit, the surgeon or in your voice or manner. This may r->oc=r3o<

general of the Army has set forth a not be easy, and you may not succeed series of guideposts not only for the entirely. But you will come closer to

families and friends of such men, but succeeding if you think of the feelings for all who may come in contact with of the man you are visiting instead of Ovid, Idaho them. The suggestions are intended esyour own. It is up to you to make him Dear Editors:

pecially talking for the about realize—without period of rehabilitation it—that

in hospitals exactly as training cenor vocational always, I will be seventysix in June you feel about him ters, but they also hold good for later, and that his disfigurement is unimporand read the Era since its first after the wounded men's return to tant compared with your affection or issue.

civilian life. friendship. The only difference could be

It is emphasized that they apply to an increased respect for him. Mrs. Emma W. Porter

all types of disability cases where the There is much to be gained from conpatient is emotionally disturbed: cases tact with a person who has suffered a

of disfigurement, such as burns or amhandicap and overcome it. Such a perputations; cases of blindness or deafson often gains extraordinary largeness Make the "Era"a regular habit

ness; and psychiatric cases, where the of character from his fight and his sucpatient suffers from mental shock. cess; and those around him, in turn, gain 50 North Main

Already some of the men in Army from his example. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

and Navy hospitals, especially those Treating disabled men as normal peo12 issues $2.00

suffering from psychic disturbances—(Concluded on page 54)

JANUARY, 1944 53 // wDISABLED {Concluded from page 53) 3. Be casual and realistic—not overin cases of this disability. Often, mental feel visiting are you may The manCharacter! pie is particularly important in cases of cheery. retains ancient average person kind, the It so. It is his right to feel depressed.

prejudices, and approaches a patient is an offense to his dignity and his comTraining I eithera childwithor adistastefool. orIt shouldas thoughbe hekeptwerein monof transparentsense for you"cheeriness."to go into aTheroutineexmind that vast strides have been made press intent of cheering up is seldom

A traditional point of in recent years in the treatment and convincing or effective.

is convincing it usually or benethe crippling try emphasis at rehabilitationously afflicted.of theTheymentallyare simplyand nervill ficialNorto to minimize

and their illnesses are usually curable. effect of maiming. By facing the reality

It should be emphasized also that exof a man's disability yourself, you can because disabled praise of cessive a man it. help him face 5riaham UJoiw is helpful. blinded not of his disability A anxieties Personal and problems of all

hero is certainly entitled to much praise kinds lose their capacity to frighten if

Ulniuerditu mentalfor his devotionlionizing andis farsacrifice;from havingbut sentithe theysquarelyare facedbroughtand talkedout intoabout.the Aopen,dispermanent value of rehabilitation, trainfigured man who finds his friends acting

implemented by in Braille, a job, and independence. naturally and casually about his dis-

A trained and sympathetic 2. Don't ask questions or give figurement will more easily avoid being advice. the kind of person who goes through life

disabled or has been who The man if shrinking a child asks, "What's the talk to about himfaculty disfigured want may that with matter man?"

Respect his wishes. self or he may not. it leg, is better to one has person If aA broad liberal curriculum

the disfigurement mention Do not fact try to not that conceal unless admit and

A specialized Division of Rehe does. If one is deaf, the hearing aid should beit.

ligion If he does not want to talk about himworn openly, not treated as an embararti- aid or an nothing more.An outstanding student counself,or abouttalk objectsabout thingsin theheroom,is interestedor hobbies,in, rassingficial legdetail.is justAthathearingand

seling organization or details of common interest. Don't The only difference it makes is that one

An atmosphere of culture talklatedaboutto histheinjury.war orDon'taboutprysubjectsor hint.rehearsout it. or walks better with it than withand refinement If he is eager to talk about himself,

listen and try to understand what he 4. Don't wait on the injured man too

Increase your ability to serve more wants to express. If he asks you quesmuch.

for asks your he tions about himself—if soldier or disabled in though a training effectively Even through of the the adequacy concerning opinions

is sailor with sympathy, surrounded his is chances receiving, or treatment he foot nurses and and waited hand on by getting of his prospects or CHARACTER still attentions, countless given he may can, but best as you them a forjob—answerrecovery, still well as in despair. himself as as view may He that involved. Remember don't become

litattitude brings which a martyr—an are probmatters such opinions on your

tle benefit to to happiness him and no

It is opinnot your nothing. SKILLS worth ably TECHNICAL

If ability faith his else. his in anybody are experts the of ions, those but who

is the rest of restored, things 4 the to begins Winter Quarter January do recount. that for him, Your caring

is easy. treatment

listen is doing without sponsibility to 27 begins Quarter Spring March

Summer Quarter begins June 12 adviceharm. Thewithoutprofferingany knowledgeof opinionsto backand to Onerepresswayyourto helpnaturalhim desiretowardtothishelpis

1944 them up can do harm. him at every turn. Don't keep offering

The best answer to give a wounded to do things. The blind men who are

jobs carrying messages given in Army I going to be who asks you, "Am Brigham Young University man hospitals are constantly beand Navy is, "If to for anything?"want you good

Prove Utah be good for something, determination ing stopped by wellmeaning visitors helps."If you are related to a wounded who want to help them get about. Such

or disfigured man, make it your business interference, of course, destroys some to know about the rehabilitation and acof the effectiveness of the treatment, as complishments of persons as badly the men are learning to walk and find assistance, their are without and way so, is, or be as he and more force TPhe their fear and helplessness. overcoming in a about him able to tell them—not for clumsily, holds eats or a Even if a man factually. see him Let but way, a time—theof arms maygospelprevailwill handicappedpreachy

endure forever. Keep the men in that you know about them and that you telephone with difficulty, or has to make

the service close to the gospel. assume he will take full advantage or his an effort to get something for himself in

opportunities. another part of the room, let him do

In the special cases of disabled men these things—within reason, of course.

who cannot talk, whether because of If there is something the patient can

Send them mental injury or because of physical indo for you, let him do it. Helping others

jury of jaw or throat, it is up to you to is an important part of rehabilitation.

talk to them—naturally, phrasing your In the hospitals blind men who have alTHE conversation so that it is clear you do ready learned to get about outof-doors

not expect a reply. Try to be guided by alone teach others to do the same. The

to If, families returned have shock due to of men who greatly retheir help can IMPROVEMENT ERA theor physicalpatient'simmobility,reactions. he no homes them by shows

action, be casual and undisturbed. Unletting it be seen that they expect self12 ISSUES $2.00 known to you, he may be encouraged reliance and cooperation, and by not

and reassured by your words. being pessimistic or oversolicitous.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PIONEER DIARY

( Continued from page 25 to Green R[iver] to do some repairing, The HOT DRINK

1 mule. Peirce losesCapt. We move all the family [Pres.after parting Pioneers. the with on while10—a thediscussionrest comeensued—allup—call'dconcludefor his forBrigham Young returning to Winter to wait—Capt. N[oble] & Porter go to

Quarters.] Last eve a meeting was held meet the Com [pany]. The mountains

after the Pioneers preach 'd and a song very grand—ridge rising after ridge insung I had written. (Wrote to L[orenfront of me—the clouds sometimes ob20 Snow] and L[eonora Leavitt], [her scuring the distant ridges.

brother and sister] & Sister Sarah M. I visit Sister [Jedediah M.] G[rantf

Kimball.) Before the Pioneers left, who seems improving a little. Sis[ter

[Pres.] Brigham [Young] came to the L. nurses her. The breth[ren] meet &carriage, blest us—I ask d who was to Pres. John Young explain'd the cause of

the for counselorbe year to come my told to see wishing B[righam] us—that I said, said E[liza] R. Sfnow].He together the him to keep com[panie]s

"She is not capable."He said, "I have till we get to Green R[iver], that heappointed her president"—said he had compar a us to a kite & he now cuts theconversation with br. Pfeircel about string & lets us go, &c. ROASTEDSOY BEANS

will furnish he me &provisions—that 15. September Wednesday, We FIGS go CEREALS- 'HONEYall sufficient right. will for be Teams m[iles] B[ig] cross the S[andy] & altho'loss 50's toboth move, was much m[ile] board, the 130 beitsustained the 2nd thought was by & 2River—passing Valley. ms. the from 200 When to to for usnecessary go on Green

the cross riv[er], the [we] road very for enthem, backR[iver] come & its favor through Gaining of the mountains most smooth day—the side. side sent companycamp The by

side, at distances the great land on for flavor 10 pursuit stolen rethein of animals years\Good 40 in the the forenoon undulating—ineither horses. 12turned with 3 Trav. only ms.

aft. regularly descending too and for you plain-—come GOOD,

. 1 1 Saturday, pass September or it to riv[er] enthe 2 ms. follow We & &

rather cross the "dividing ridge*—pass clamp] off the road on the stream.

the Pacific Springs & enc[amp] off the Trav. 21 ms.

road with fresh feed. The 2nd 50 not Thursday, September 1 6. Traveled 6

quite saleraground white with up—the plain, then ms. descending a broad on

tus. sunny. Trav. 18 day The warm & beautifully cross the R[iver], a Green

ms. clear of with stream cottonwood a row 12. Sunday, after September Soon the pass 7 north 3 ms. on &

start side—go a arrives messenger thewe from of Taylor's [pany] from wagons com

to note rewith2nd 50 Capt. a Noble 1 far- 2 the are m. whomquesting for Brennus—go to stop as him them soon the rivfer] enc[amp]. ther] down &

sufficient arrivesas at he to feed sustain counpass the Yes[terday] today & we cattle.the cross Sandy Dry 6 We sick try the taken Pioneers were where ""! "! V:.-; Little night.enc[amp] at on Sandy Had slightly of our compTany]—sevferal] conversation witha P[eirce] Capt. fever. attack'd Trav. with mountain

things mattersabout & of my own con10 ms.

cern. that arrangements were He said

made to his satisfaction perfectly. Said Friday, September 17. This morningB[righa]m expressed the same satisfacCapt. [Robert] Pfeirce] proposed beBreakfas

tion for his bringing me, that he had ing cut loose from the 50 which was done to me before when, saying that I done by vote of the Capt[ain]s; after

was welcome to live in the house with which being ready first he took the jLomaJUnda

Clara [Pres. Young's wife] if I would lead. We trav. without water; come to

directing to guide a b[oar]daccept it, 6c, I was feed—go 6c.—Yestferday] 1 the m[ile] on enc[amp] Muddy. &quite like begin to feel more sick—today taking [oble] L. K. Capt. on go by & Nlife. ms., the Trav. 19 pass m. 300

is right 15 'Tffade 6y tOe ma&ete * ruskets\ Trav. the 5 ms. hand which Ft. milesboard Laramie]. from [300

ms. 1 Monday, September 13. Not much

18. Find Saturday, September LINDA FOOD CO>. / the LOMA Big Sandy. go on to The wefeed 6 California Arlington/ tho'not difficulty] without it herd distantridges of that so mountains

seems like the prairie country. A few herded, find Br [other] B. s 3 wag[ons]

scattering trees to be seen. Yestferday] in 3 ms. & come to the other enc[ampmet a large com [pany] of soldiers from ment] in 5 [miles]—conclude best to

in good spend the day 8 ms.Mexico. Trav.

of currants. Trav. 5 ms. feed. Find plenty A GREAT BOOK... Tuesday, September 14. Last eve the

breth[ren] & sisfters] met for prayer Sunday, September 19. Start lateof Mormon history and

meeting in the yard [circle of wagons] come to a beautiful enc[ampment] philosophy:

the cross a the Lord stream—see spirit of was there. BRIGHAM YOUNG THE—the in the front the 2nd 50 & 7 wag[ons]rear—in ina open'd with pray'r, -...$3.00Capt. N[oble] was COLONIZER

Fork. the cross Black distance short Milton Dr. R. Hunter subject Br.follow'd By by Ellsworth—the pasture. find to goes ahead Br. W. for the otherof stopping 50 today was find will enjoyment family your and on to go Capt. M. & C. [?] profit this of in story adventuring intelligent hunt. Youand indiscuss'd candid, a &

wilderness. into the carriage breaks N[oble's] Capt. down Br. E[llsworth]brotherly manner. moinstructive the rides before "The book comthattioned meet Capt.—Capt. go Nfoble] & inspiring tonic good and is...entertaining,a. bluffs splendid pass [pany] Pfeirce]We striving Widtsoefor of learn A.the other the John cause 50 6 humanity."—Dr. [amp] the 370 m [ile] stop.requisition to for All us seem'd someboard—enc their—pass

to feel the necessity of wasting no on a small stream with a shade of trees THE BOOKCRAFT CO.

time; yet they did not like to transgress & shrubs. A br [other] arrives from the P. O. Box 63

the principles of order & submission. Valley in four days. Trav. 14 ms. Salt Lake City

This mor. Capt. Peirce propos'd going {To be continued)

JANUARY, 1944 55.! )

TODAY WE ALL NEED... LEHI'S RIVER LAMAN

( Continued from page 1 5 Necho, placing it in the reign of Sethos

Lehi's departure "into the wilderness"I (Sety or Seti, or Sesostris) and bemay, then, for the sake of the hypotween 1313 and 1292 B.C. In support

thesis, be taken as a statement that he of his view is the incontrovertible evileft by the Wilderness Way, and came dence of the vast sculpture cut into the hall at Karthe of great hypostyle wall the in the neighborSea Red down by has photographinak. 18 Dr. Gressmann in the Tumilat, the of hood Wadi

region of the Great Bitter Lake. The cally reproduced the engraving.

problem is then to determine whether or Dr. Petrie has noted this Karnak

not there is any evidence that there was festal scene in his History of Egypt, and in fact a freshwater stream at the tip says:

time of Pharthe of of Suez in the Gulf great hypostyle of the the wall north On c. B.C.M 600 (Necho), aohneco series is of scenes of hall a grand Karnak

the feet wall, along of over covering 200 historian, the celebrated Herodotus, 'S breakfast. 5 a man's coast of the HERE the Tempting end outside. At... of Haliin the Dorian, a town born hotwas cakes, golden Mapleine full crocodiles, America's of Syrup—canal, a line long comes in in or carnassus, about Minor, Asia it favorite syrup. today with or Make without separates cutting"which "the Ta denat,

history written B.C. 484 the year sugar. The Get Mapleine grocer, from your desert, canal now the a which must from Egypt

recognized and everywhere him is to the the MediterSea from run Red have 3 GRAND WAYS TO MAKE MAPLEINE SYRUP by of Canal. as present the line the one of the monuments of acclaimed Suez ranean on

antiquity. Out of its pages the followThis position is shown by Zalu, probably

site, Sefe, the Tell modern the Greek Abu ( is translated as quotation ing copied pour cups boiling 2 water in lies of the to east Sety's canal the ): which

over cups 4 sugar is fortified left called crossed Necos, a canal march. son a Psammetichus by The

1 add teaspoon Mapleine is throne. reservoir This the of there another bridge him where succeeded upon who

. stir and you have

.. first this the repetition a; of the constructo attempt water, the prince pa was Hu pints 2 Mapleine. Syrup is that. adjechere to the tion suggests canal the of work an Red name Sea—a Hu

completed afterward by Darius the Persian tive of the water in the reservoir as being boil 1 V2 cups hot water—the length of which is four days'journey, drinkable. On the west of the canal a large

3 cups corn syrup and width such as to admit of two triremes body of Egyptians await the king with for 5 minutes being rowed along it abreast. The water bouquets of flowers and rejoicing.19

is the canal the Nile, derived which from add Mapleine 1 teaspoon Dr. Petrie has had occasion to deof Bubastis, the city leaves above a little stir and... you have

2 pints Mapleine Syrup near Patumis, the Arabian town, being carscribe the canal elsewhere in his works ried thence until it joins the Red Sea. At also:

first it is carried along the Arabian side of canal to has an unplain, the Red Sea of The Nile chain as far as the the Egyptian heat 1 cup hot water of the ships history. certain Whether plain the opposite Memphis, whereby strained cup V7 honey hills

2V2 cups corn syrup is bounded, and in which lie the great stone Hatshepsut could have come through from

Bring to full settled. to not has been it Thebes Punt up skirts of quarries; the the here base

add boil.Mapleine 1 teaspoon to vessels does "going not Thebes"direction hills The east; in to running west from a you stir and have their the departure, than it and more prove turns, enters a narrow which and pints Mapleine 2... Syrup after

sail is represented as they which water on this pass, point, trending from southward until it enters the Arabian Gulf. From the having the same Red Sea fishes as in the

northern sea to that which is called the scene of arrival at Punt. That there was aI.M IT ATAPLEII ON MA P I I F I A V OR southern, or Erythraean, the shortest and Nile canal far to the east is certain, as

quickest passage, which is from Mount Sety I is shown crossing a canal swarmCassius, the boundary between Egypt and ing with crocodiles, over which there was

Syria, to the Gulf of Arabia, is a distance of a bridge, guarded by fortified gates, on the exactly one thousand furlongs. But the way road to Syria. If a canal reached Heroby the canal is very much longer, on acopolis, west of the present Lake Timsah, at

count of the crookedness of its course. A Tell Maskhuta, there was no need of a ship

Always In hundredtians, employedand twentyuponthousandthe workofinthetheEgypreign canaltimes reachedfarther, asup theto thatGulf point.of SuezStraboin Romansays

it, nearly completed yet canal, but Darius length desisted at his excavation. from He

fear of the being desisted from in Red Sea undertaking, oracle consequence of an Good Taste of Necos, lost their lives in making the that Sesostris (Ramessu II) first cut the which warned him that he was laboring for higher than Egypt, a fable which also the barbarian. The Egyptians call by the hindered Napoleon, owing to bad leveling

name of barbarian all such as speak a lanby his engineers. Herodotus says (ii, 158)

guage different from their own. Necho began the canal—or rather carried it

it, that so completed Darius forward—and the construction Necos, he gave up when

the Nile in it, from pass two triremes could the canal, of all his turned thoughts to war, and set to work to build a fleet of triremes, at Bubastis to the Red Sea. The canal was

some intended for service in the northern also continued northward to Pelusium acthe Diodorus, so cording to that "from sea, and some for the navigation of the of (i.e., the easternly Pelusiac arm mouth Erythraean.17

the Nile) to the Arabian Gulf and the Red

That Herodotus erred in assuming Sea is a canal cut"; after Necho and Darius,

that Necho was the first to excavate "the last attempt was made by Ptolemy the across the cut isthmus Second, a sluice who the diversion canal, Nile thus creand place, he convenient opened which a more ate across the Isthmus a waterway to sail that he mind had a way, of whenin down is Suez, archeological by now settled.. presently. the then shut again up and

evidence. Dr. Hugo Gressmann noted river is called Ptolemy... where it falls

the original construction of the diverinto the sea, there is a city built called sion works long prior to the time of Arsinoe,"that is north of Suez.

The monuments of Darius are known on 16II 35:20. 23:29; Kings The Tell canal line, of the near the south Maskinto transliteration AT YOUR FAVORITE of of EgyptianII Chron. and names Hebrewdifficulties at at the Arsinoe, terminus and in spelling the huta, a variety English of have produced

spelled is variantly quoted. Necos, Thus Nechos intermediate points. The evidence seems to

Sett, Sethos, Sety is rendered CANDY DEALERS worksNeco, two Necho, and and

Altorientalische lsGressmann, Texte and Bitder zum as Wadi. may appear Wady // It's Glade's—It's Good Testamente. p. 128. 17Herodotus, (Tubingen, 1909), II, Ch. 158, Geo. Rawlinson, Alten Book

Trans. (London. 1910). Petrie, History of Egypt, vol. 3, p. 13.

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::.

LEHI'S RIVER LAMAN

to kind that there waterwaybe of some was that B.C., 610 tween 612 and and notes MOST important thing thethe the time of XlXth Dy* Sea from Red first of the several spent years Necho

to the canal Nilenasty, a probably by head his in enterprise. reign the canal about Rancho Soup is thence water the at Maskhutahero, andof to has Reference been above made boats. natural shallows for light enoughby

to the of well record Strabo, it is as and to (Italics added.) dredge attempted Necho

hisof that here Greek the words for sufficient ships, but failrecord canal a cutor torian. the born in 63 B.C., year that, the builting Mediterranean he He was them inand Red Sea. and has left as his outstanding monutaste

Darius certainly carried out a great canal, ment, a great Geography, in which he fine series his graniteas of monuments descripthe following has incorporated.the LEAST thing important

it is that to suppose impossibleshows, and artificial tion the of river channel by it in the the near water Red Sea, camewhen partially the diverted Nile which was is Soup about Rancho level difference imagined. of could beany

The evidence of Herodotus, that Darius into the Red Sea, adverted to by Dr.

completed it, shows that the story of DioPetrie, above:

is transferred only Strabodorus and from is into canal empties another which There that states a canal DiodorusNecho. Only the the the near Gulf Arabian Sea and Red

the Philadelphos from Ptolemy cut bywas price call city of Arsinoe, City a which some i. e., thePelusiac mouth, canal a from It Bitter Cleopatra. also the through flows

to that toMediterranean; seems be due and incalled, as are Lakes, they were which

is there confusion, other as evidence nosome bitter earlier in times, the but deed when it. thefor traversed highest ground by The mm cut canal abovementioned underthey was less It you because costs

is feetdirect canal high; 52 but an modern of of the the a because mixing change went less us to get costsancient the prescanal followed have might river, to the are with supplied water and your now SOUP itRANCHO * freshwater toent canal El Abbasiyeh * * fish full birds. of with aquatic and farmgrocer our from

difficulty, the great without any soQantara West! in the the canal into here empties which kitchens Sea The Red

levels prohibit accepting not our doground at village to begins of the Phacussa which 20 statement Diodorus.the of is the canal Philo contiguous; breadth has a 5 VARIETIES*

of sufficient cubits a depth hundred one and PEA VEGETABLE TOMATO It that Dr. Petrie reached will be seen

for vessels large very merchant and ASPARAGUS CHICKENNOODLE Grocer's these At your 23 the thatthe navigable conclusion canal places are vertex of the delta. near the.. always

extended only from the Nile to some point in the strongly marked valley Tn a recent work, Suez and Panama,known as the Heroopolite Gulf, in the * Andre Siegfried has reviewed the hisREACH FOR area of the Great Bitter Lakes ( ancienttory of the Nile Diversion. His account

ly the northernmost part of the Arabian is sufficiently panoramic in scope to

Gulf, i.e., the Gulf of Suez); it will be justify an extensive quotation here

noted also that Dr. Petrie finds that the

ancient Egyptians remarkably were The RANCHOprojects of and Darius were Necho public great not well to carry out equipped original, of the consisted but excavaespecially expert works, they were and as tion of the existing watercourse, to at building canals, it was only natural that make a ship canal large enough to pass they should have concerned themselves with two triremes rowed abreast, in lieu of the linking up of the Nile with the Red Sea.

the "natural shallows, enough for light Nature herself seemed to suggest it, and boats"and for passage of fish, which after all, it only meant building one more inscriptions canal. the accounts and From existed. conclusionalready same The

travelers, that contemporary know we Public Notice the of reachedhas been among by others still this see achieved, task and can was we great scholars, as in the case of Dr. traces of the old earthworks.

George Rawlinson, who says Several facts stand out as probable from to the conjecture. of a According mass IN THE FUTURE like the wall perhaps Canal, Great The canal the legend bebeen must Greek have

is Seti, ruins the proved bycommenced by PACIFIC UNION STAGES the early empire, middle as as most gun its in the the to been main banks haveupon likely 12th the STAGES CHICAGO under between Dynasty, WESTERN & NORTH

It of provided doubt Rameses. nowork was It in B.C. 2000 undoubtedly 1800 and was LINES INTERSTATE TRANSIT

sluices the as canal locks andwith was at of the existence the time 19th Dynasty, will into led the the Nile waters as be Fayoum;which known Its be- B.C. course 1200 1350 between and

difficulties this the in connectedand way at the the Bubastis (near Nile on gan modern at the tidal thewith changes Suez and OVERLAND at Bitter the Zagazig) ended Great and level in the thevariations at of Nile Bubasstill that of part period at Lake, which was tis perovercome. Dredging and met were Bitter the of the Suez. Great Gulf When GREYHDUNI the of canal the kept western endhaps less off the cut sea or more from Lake was

it silted being prevented and fromopen up piled ridge of that up, sand a had Necho, by troubles the Nile but mud; when cameby the of 26th the (609593 Pharaoh Dynasty the Under new name—OVERthis neglected the practice and channel was tried far the clear the B.C.) canal to as as unified GREYHOUND, LAND nonnavigable.soon became Communicaat the laborers Sea, died 120,000 but Red

the Bittertion to to with will time the identity from Lakes had given be it. finishing without work

totime reopened, be Darius Neco, and operating three companies Persian the Darius took B.C.) (521486 I, theHystaspis, Caliph Trajan and Ptolemy

historic the over Overland this the task time completed. and up it was are as especially mentioned havingOmar

it Nevertheless, Philadelphos Ptolemy was Chicago Route and betweenapplied to themselves the of reestabwork it its really final B.C.) (285246 gave wholishing the Coast. points of Various the West waterway.

It form. to the Arsinoe, the Nile ran from the ofdeparture the from course Nile were will proassociation This new site the of of present Suez, where town a at different latest periods, thetaken at being

isBelbays, which about eleven21 miles south lock,check.or "diaphragma"held the waters in milesvide ofoverscheduled60,000 routesadditionalandof Bubastis TelBasta) (now

last of the Ptolemies neglected The of over the the use 3,750 modern 98canal, the but (A.D. emperor Trajan 28 that Dr. Rawlinson adds Necho's buses. Greyhound it. reestablished then 117) on From it was

isaccession to the Egyptian throne it just as Trajan's as River, had known placed by the best authorities at bepreviously been called Ptolemy's River.

Petrie, Social Life in Ancient Egypt, p. 185. Once more it was neglected, but under ConOVERLAND

G. Rawlinson, History of Ancient Egypt ( N. Y., (Continued on page 59)

1882). vol. 2, p. 326.

i2Op. cit., pp. 326 and 490. Strabo, Book 17, Ch. 1, paragraphs 2425.

JANUARY, 1944

SOLUTION TO DECEMBER PUZZLE

Scriptural Crossword PuzzleJesus Sends Forth the Seventy

"Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest."Luke 10:2.

tytfi'mrtj'N tMffN/'V *!?w Mfytt* tftm'/* MfffmV

J/<

tfr

1944 holds the promise of earthshaking events. We are told

our righteous struggle with the forces of evil may reach its culmination. We hope so. HORIZONTAL

his "sent them... before (ace". and Luke 10:1 32 Royal Highness But whatever forebodes, there

that despiseth "he.. you Luke 10:16 33 Father me"(F.)

is no question that fairdealing 10 Dialect of Eastern Assam 36 "called the altar.. Josh. 22:34

in lesser matters than a global 11 go your ways into the streets"Luke 10:10 37 Summers (F.)

12 Fervent ( var. 38 "no man knoweth who the... is, but the Father"

struggle finds vindication each 13 "nothing shall by any... hurt you"Luke 10:19 Luke 10:22

day of the year. We are 15 "shalt be thrust... to hell"Luke 10:15 40 Here (F.)

printers, and while war im1718 Babylonian"the seventydeity... again with joy"Luke 10:17 4346 "I"because... thee,yourOnamesFather"are...Lukein10:21heaven"Luke 10:20

poses many handicaps on 20 Capital of Moab Num. 21:28 48 "for... it seemed good in thy sight"Luke 10:21

everyone, we renew our 2122 Poem"it shall be as the chased Isa. 13:14 4950 "sittingHigh priest.. and. sackclothjudge ofandIsraelashes"I Sam.Luke3:110:13

pledge to strive to deliver ex24 "Peace... to this house"Luke 10:5 51 Silkworm

actly what you order, when 2627 BeNotaryquietPublic 5553 "none"the kingdomis good, of..God. one,is comethat is... God". unto you"Luke 18:19Luke

you want it, at a fair price. 29 Plural ending of nouns 10:11

31 East Indies 56 "and who the... is, but the Son"Luke 10:22

i=7*=3 VERTICAL

1 "But the tongue can no man..."Jas. 3:8 28 "that thou hast... these things from the wise

2 "... unto thee, Choraiin"Luke 10:13 and prudent"Luke 10:21

5etter 43 And"Even(F.)the very... of your city"Luke 10:11 3032 "whatsoever"eat such thingscityasyeareenter,... beforeand theyyou". Luke.. you"10:8

5 Inclined Luke 10:8

6 "I... you forth as lambs among wolves"Luke 10:3 34 "And in the same house..."Luke 10:7

J-rintlvia 78 For"giveexampleunto you power to... on serpents"Luke 3539 North"and overRiverall the... of the enemy"Luke 10:19

10:19 40 "But... shall be more tolerable for Tyre and

9 "He that... you heareth me"Luke 10:16 Sidon"Luke 10:14 CALL ON 1 1 "But

14 Same. as.. 20thingacrossis needful"Luke 10:42 42 Correct

15 "and thy paths... fatness"Ps. 65:11 44 "the labourer... worthy of his hire"Luke 10:7

16 "Why could not... cast him out"Mark 9:28 45 Tumbled about (var.)

19 Vases of Lords 47 House Street, Richards 29..."a great 10:13 while 23 "they had ago Luke

51 inquiry of Exclamation 10:23 are Luke the. 25 see""Blessed.. which

Salt City. Lake. the son 52 of peace be there"Luke 10:6 "And. to... prophets kings 27 have desired and "many

those things"Luke 10:24 54 "Then said I Lord God"Jer. 4:10

LEW'S RIVER LAMAN (Continued from page 57) Wadi Tumilat, along the course taken by In his History of Egypt, Maspero has stantine and Justinian there was a last period the fresh water canal of the present day. It recounted the times of Necho and his

of activity before it finally fell into disuse ended at the northern extremity of the Great military activities. He regarded the

the Bitter the Pharaohs In time Lake. of in the period at the of the Byzantine end as of the canal enlargement proposed

several channels, doubt there no some were of Heraclius. reign enterprise, speaks military and purely a the ones, leading natural towards Sea Red It for during deserted, however, not was it thus: of [italics penein those days which added], governthe regime, was Amr, Arabian who

ing Egypt in the name of the Caliph Omar, trated much farther into the isthmus than it At the same time, in order to transport the reconditioned it with very little trouble. He does today. squadron from one sea to another when

even wished to open up direct communicaAs for Ptolemy's canal, it went from the occasion demanded, he endeavored to retion between the two seas, but the Caliph Lesser Bitter Lake and terminated at the open the ancient canal of Seti I, which had objected, fearing to provide a route for the Clysman Lock. Bonaparte himself rode over been silted up ever since the last years of

invaders. In the end the canal was actually the traces of the canal, which are still rethe XXth Dynasty. He improved its course

broken up by the Abbacide Caliph Abenmarkably well preserved. At this historic and widened it so as to permit of two triJafar-alMansour, in order to cut off Mecspot what seems to be the withered arm of remes passing abreast or easily clearing each

ca and Medina, which were then in revolt. a river stretches away for several miles. The other in passing. The canal started from the

Perhaps he also hoped to injure the isthmus outline is particularly clear cut, and it looks Pelusiac Branch of the Nile, not far from route and so favor the overland road which as if it could easily be flooded again, even Patumos, and skirted the foot of the Arabian led north to the Gulf of Persia. though it is filled with the accumulation of Hills from west to east; it then plunged into

However, the section from the Nile to the sand dunes.*4 the Wadi Tumilat, and finally entered the

the Lake head of the bay which now forms Bitter time, use for a long Lakes was in "Siegfried. Suez and Panama ( Harcourt, Brace &

until drifted the entire eventually over Co., sand 38. 60) [Continued N. Y.). p. on page

structure. So the canal died, after having

been living a thousand years or more. It

was destined to wait out one thousand and one hundred years to be reopened by Ferdinand de Lesseps.

Many contemporary travelers have described it as it existed under the Ptolemies and the Romans. Herodotus, who visited

Egypt about 480 B.C., some half century

after Darius had completed the work, says that the canal was wide enough to allow two triremes to pass abreast and that it took four days to make the journey. It was filled with

Nile, the entering the from water that came Discovers fa ShtpHsL Bubastis, the Pelusiac a town canal above on

Branch of the Nile. This town was the capital of Egypt under the 22nd Dynasty.

Diodorus, who traveled about 60 B.C. at

the time of Ptolemy Philadelphos, left the description: following canal "A manmade

stretches the Pelusiac the MURMOMSM from Branch of

Nile as far as the Arabian Gulf to the Red The Wonderful Story of the Gospel told of Psametichus, Sea. the son Necho, was the as a skeptical young man "discovered"it,

first to undertake it; Darius the Persian continued the work but did not complete it, for principle by principle, for himself.

told that if he the cut through he was isthmus he Egypt. inundate to Entertaining, instructive and stimulating. would It was proved

the that higher at ahim Red Sea was elevaAn excellent gift for your young friend the level tion than of the delta."ground

This fable seems to die hard. "Ptolemy was whether on a mission, in school or at war.

it, try his the last to at hand and at the most An enjoyable readable book, packed with favorable point artistic he had very a and practical lock gate constructed. It could be wholesome and inspiring information from

opened when one wished to sail through and cover to cover.

closed again immediately afterward."

About A.D. 40 Strabo said "the canal 200 pages, attractively cloth bound.

cubits 100 widewas and deep enough to $1.50 prepaid

largest theadmit boats."

Pliny the Elder, who was to meet his death in the eruption of Vesuvius in A.D.79, tells us that the canal as excavated by TIMBERLINE W. RIGGS

Ptolemy 100 feet wide, was feet deep, 40 37,500 paces in lengthand far as the OVERTON, MOAPA VALLEY, NEVADA as

Bitter Lakes. He adds that the Egyptian

rulers had not continued the work farther for fear of floods, and it had been discovered that the level of the Red Sea was three cubits above the ground level of Egypt. Others,

however, did not attribute the interruption of the work to this, but rather to the fear of the sea water ruining the Nile, which was (L SuqqsLdlwfL their only source of drinking water.

Lucian, who lived in Egypt in the second Dear Editors: Lowry Field, Colorado

tells thehalf of century, of 2nd a young

I Last Soldiers'visited the Denver. Service Club Sunday in downtown having who, at embarkedman Alexandria,

I to L.D.S. that of the families notice pleased each was well one had donatedsailed the Nile far up and as on as Clysma

to club. the of the month's Era"reading "Improvement room... (Arsinoe) the Sea. on Red

The canal was 100 miles long, over 70 Pvt. Don C. Archibald, Army Air Corps

feet wide, ten feet to fifteen feet deep, which sufficient for It of that boatswas period. ERA THE IMPROVEMENT

leftoriginally the Pelusiac the of Branch 1, Utah 50 North Main, Salt Lake CityNile at Bubastis, later started and at Baby- 1 Year $2.00lon, to doubt obtain greater no It height.

then made use of the depression of the

JANUARY, 1944 59

LEHI'S RIVER LAMAN (Continued from page 59) Egyptian seas by means of a canal carried of Ismailia. The narrow channel by which across from the Nile near Bubastis to the

this sheet of water was anciently connected Bitter Lakes, and thence to the head of the with the Gulf of Suez was probably obGulf of Suez. But this work had been instructed in places, and required clearing out tended for commercial and not military purat several points, if not along its entire exposes, and had been constructed on a modtent. A later tradition states that after haverate scale, the width of the cutting being

ing lost 100,000 men in attempting this probably not much greater than the canals task the king abandoned the project on the of our own country. Neco's design was of

advice of an oracle, a god having been sup- a far grander character. He wished to conposed to have predicted to him that he was struct a ship canal, along which his triremes

working for the barbarians.25 might pass, and designed it on a scale which

would have allowed of two vessels of this

It is above noted that some modern class being rowed along it abreast and writers have been inclined to doubt that therefore meeting and crossing each other

Darius ever completed the opening of without shipping their oars....

still like of that climate In a Egypt, and fact course. the of the completion The

28 the deserts of border it, hard which is Petrie quotation noted by from more by the labor scorching under dansun follows: as a French work the of concentration laborers gerous; manyis itself

Darius completed the canal and erected on one spot increases the peril. Insufficient

five monuments, each bearing inscriptions in provision of supplies and shelter multiplies

Persian, Median and Assyrian on one side it. So small a work as the Alexandrian

and Egyptian on the other.87 Canal cost Mehmet Ali 10,000 men; how

many were sacrificed in the construction of

The actual inscription is supplied by the great cutting of M. de Lesseps will probJules Opert as follows ably never be known.32

Says Darius the King: I am a Persian; The celebrated American Egyptologwith Persia I conquered Egypt (Mudraya). ist, Dr. James Henry Breasted of the

I ordered this canal to be dug from the University of Chicago, has thrown light river called Pirava (the Nile) which flows upon the Nile diversion of 600 B.C. He

in to the sea out which of Egypt comes describes of an expedition HatQueen

Persia. there, canal This afterward was dug actually sailed shepsut which to Punt

I as I said: had commanded, and and Go via the canal the half of destroy to the canal from TUNE IN 28 Bira coast. will. such For was my offerings propitiatory divinito the With

giant Heinrich BrugschBey, among fleet set the vessels of the sail early in 9th EVERY TUESDAY Egyptologists, ties of the air to ensure a fair wind, the five in his refers many times reign. the queen's year of route was The

works to the Necho diversion of the perhaps down the Nile and through a canal delta eastern from the the through Nile. At one place he says: leading at 7:30 P. M. the connecting Nile with and Wadi Tumilat

The ancient fresh water canal left the the Red Sea. This canal was attributed by

little above the Sesostris to Greeks and hence have may course STATION KSL PelusiacBubastis, Armand wentof theby Nilea circuitousa existed case, in the In middle kingdom. any

first eastward to Lake Timsah, whence it the same vessels are shown in the queen's turned south, almost parallel to the modern reliefs both upon the Nile and the Red Sea.

canal along the west side of the Great Bitter No shift of cargo is mentioned, and all this the to head Lake of the Gulf of Suez.2* suggests the use of such33 a canal. They arin safety. rived at Punt Brought to you by interesting as diversion for an Just

the instant, it may be mentioned that this In the same work it is written

of Seti's successes news The had preceded capital of Egypt, the city where, but was Utah Power & "Bubastis"was not only the ancient the and nobles of the administrative in the reign of Boethos (Dynasty II) a him to hastened frontier the reto ceive outside Tharu, the of him. At gate Light Co. vasting muchchasm ofin thetheearthpopulation.opened, destroyRecent government the frontier fortress beside the bridge over

deep borings in the sand at Bubastis the fresh water canal, which as the reader failed to in have reach rock recall, any inwill already the have connected may stance. the Nile Bitter with of the Lakes isthmus 3*of Suez, they gathered rejoicing in a is group. Mention of above Diodorus made

Siculus. It was he who wrote that at

the most advantageous place on the This quotation is a reference to the a cleverly lock contrived VUherever cJhey Co... canal 81 was conKarnak.vast engravings on the temple wall at its flux. structed to control

New Guinea Dear Editors: Dr. Henry Rawlinson has written /\ut of profane history, archeology, geology tools geography, and with in to helpful Especially the us

'these connected Closely projnaval with the youthful which prophet translator editorials the are church work army (of ects aspirations, Nechos) beand was little fulfil for the familiarity, Era. in there certainly in had They emerges,

all in doubt, enterprise another yond which of the President expectation us of uncertainty previous doubt, and the activeminded the place at monarch engaged that Grant, said every once who the certainty that comparative when period. of the great 19th kings same The least article at copy worth had one left Lehi did he Jerusalem so a upon had, as seen, established Dynasty have we of price subscription. the the years

water communication between the two route known in antiquity, the ancient

Chaplain Reed Probst, U.S.A. 2Maspero, History of Egypt (London, 1906). Wilderness Way toward Egypt. Fol2eHistory of Egypt ( London ), vol. 3, p. 336. lowing this way across the Wilderness

Salt Lake City l, Utah 2SBrugschBey, Egypt Under the Pharaohs (London, 1881). Op. cit.. vol. 2, pp. 487488.

12 issues $2.00 30Manetho (from Syncellus. accordii to Africanus), Breasted, Ancient Records of Egypt ( Chicago,

Waddel Ed. (Cambridge, 1940), p. 35. 1905). vol. 2, pp. 252, 253. 292.

31Henry Rawlinson, Book 1, Ch. 33, p. 9, MOp. cit.. vol. 3, pp. 98108.

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEHI'S RIVER LAMAN of the Red Sea. Thence he descended tics of the area about the northern tip

to a yet lower level of raised beach of the Gulf of Suez evidenced in the referred to by Nephi as the "borders Nephite account are just such knowlnearer the Red Sea."After proceeding edge as a visitor making repeated trips

for three days along the coast in these through the region, as did Nephi, would nearer borders, he came at last to the acquire. In similar degree, that knowlfresh water expanse of the Great Bitter edge must have been foreign to the lad

Lake, truly a fountain of the Red Sea, of immature years, in pioneer America, into which the waters of Necho's by whom Nephi's record came to its mighty diversion of the Nile flowed translated form. The account is casual,

through the deep valley of the Herobut precise, filled with detail utterly inopolite Gulf, and whence, by natural consistent with fraud, and marked with channels and shallows (see footnote the complete candor of one who knows 20 ), they found their way into the sea. his statements to be demonstrably true.

The stream was unknown to Lehi. The Valley of Lemuel, deep and imOtherwise it is improbable that he movable, stands at the head of the Gulf

would have given it a new name. In of Suez to this day. In it lay a river,

this very fact lies confirmation of the in the pinpoint of time when Lehi fled recent creation of the stream. from Jerusalem. That river ran into the

The minute knowledge of topography fountain of the Red Sea, and was called and historical fact, and the characterisThe River Laman.

THE WORD OF WISDOM

(Concluded from page 7) land in that state—would be producing

ter food and more of it? One needs good wholesome food.

only to travel near the poor sections The writer does not hope to see, at to see that the story depicted in Tobacthe present time, any great change beco Road is a true one and properly cause the men who could do the job named. have not heard of the Word of WisWe now have a farm manpower dom and do not believe in its divine apshortage as well as other shortages. plication.,The cigaret is considered a NEWSPAPER can beWould it not be wise to use the farmers "morale builder"and every effort is NOgreater than the confiwho are now growing tobacco for made to get it to the armed forces even dence of its readers. Mindful

at equipment. the of food expense andgrowing food?

of this, the Tribune Salt Lake their smoke. must have men to The Christ gospel seems of Jesus The

for reputation always a will win seeks slogan today is "Food that The do not answershave many we find without it. The Lord through his the war and write the peace."If we making fair and truthful preservants the prophets has told us how would use our lands as the Lord insentation of the day's news.

we can have an abundant life. The tended, we would have the food with It keeps an open alliance with

to win. a stronger life be in which bring would of Wisdom We wouldWord

cerits readers, with a proper renation, which would and healthier starvareabundance now to many who ing because they do not know these tainly not hurt our chances for victory. gard for the individual, no

truths. Another part of the Word of Wismatter from which walk of

Most people do not think of Condom might also be mentioned here. The life he comes or what factions

sparingly. to use told us meat state. Lord Innecticut as a tobaccogrowing If he represents.

the States use United would less meat for its is not notedfact, Connecticut agriculture at all but for its big indusand instead eat the cereals, in their natYou and your family will find cattle ural feed to form, which now insurance companies. we Theretry and in the pages of your Salt Lake increase fatten again could them in toare, we acres of land 17,400 however,

Connecticut devoted to the growing of our source of food by thousands of Tribune an eloquent exprestobacco to be used for cigar wrappers. acres. sion of this creed... a conIf food shipments should be cut off from And all saints who remember to keep and stant effort to justify the confithat state for just a few days, the prodo these sayings, walking in obedience to the dence of its great family of

factories their shall in receive health of ofduction our largest commandments, some

... to their bones; and marrow And readers. - there cut because would navelwould be down

not be enough food to feed the workers. shall run and not be weary, and shall walk

I, faint. the Lord, give not unto And put into food and acres If those 17,400 were

that the destroying angel a promise, them of theproduction, Connecticut workers shall as the of Israel, children pass by them, could have more food, fresher food, and and not slay them. {D. & C. 89:1821.)

probably cheaper food. The tobacco

there is grown with great care and at great expense, much of which could be eliminated if the farmer should grow food. Of course the farmer would still THE COCK'S CROW

problems.have many What farmer By Thelma Irelandhasn't? In the Connecticut long run both

find States would Unitedand the whole * 9 'he rooster's call each morningthat the he said when Lord was right that tobacco was not good for man Starts out suddenlike—ecstatic—

andpoison—muchthe land whichof theismostnow productiveproducing AllBut stretchedends up without alikelong,elastic.slow yawn,

JANUARY, 1944 61 Faith in Christ {Continued from page 13) faith is a precursor to the ces- a Such to me Church: sation war. of MOnnounce Peace Also Begins in the Heart

As faith in God, so the coming of peace has its source in the individual FOUR NEW BOOKS heart. The soul is the fountain from

which the peace of the world will spring. Centered in the heart also are

ambito peace—"avarice, enemies BE TO WELL the HOW

tion, envy, anger, and pride*"These WIDTSOE BY LEAH D.

$2.00 theand otherworld vicesmustwhichbe eradicatedbring miserybeforeinto

Widtsoe, Dr. Widtsoe, author, A. D. her Leah husband The John and into their ploughwill "beat swords men Saint -writing of the of in exposition Latterday the collaborated an into pruning their spears shares and in is of to of the book, Well Wisdom Her be Wisdom. Word Word How

is aspeace permanent Before hooks."gift of of day. health the practical three terms meals square made a A

more important than ever by war time rationing. As a gift to "mother"sured there shall have to be felt in the

or the new bride, this book is "health insurance"of the highest order. heartsothers—thereof men shallmore haveconsiderationto be manifor

fested around the coming peace table at least a little of the Christ spirit—"Do THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE unto others as you would have others

BY STEPHEN L RICHARDS do unto you."

$1.00 Brotherhood

of the most times is the timely product This book the times—of of The heralding angels announcing the of foundations the very history the world, in the momentous when

religion, morality and civilization hang in the balance. birth at Bethlehem proclaimed also

"good will."Brotherhood is fostered

not in conquest nor in the abuse of power, but in service. It involves conFAITH PROMOTING STORIES fidence in man, not suspicion and hatred.

BY PRESTON NIBLEY Would mankind avoid contention and $1.00 bitterness of feeling? Then let each individual deplore denounce slander, and

for favorites, 50 years popular than and more been which have Old of discontent. the vicious seed He is a of this in for chest treasure of faith included stories are today new

Mormon literature. Jacob Hamblin, Wilford Woodruff, Anthony W. Ivins, reprobate who goes about destroying

heroes and story tellers supreme are but three of the authors featured in with his vile tongue the reputation of this anthology of faith. another. Brotherhood demands truthful speaking as well as honest dealings.

THE COMBINATION REFERENCE cheerIt isof theChristmasspirit ofthatgoodmakeswillso inglorithe

BY ELDIN RICKS ous this best of holidays. Brotherliness

75 cents isChrist.but the manifestation of the spirit of

The convenient, ready reference which students, missionaries and teachers will hail with enthusiasm. Bible and other Latterday Saint An Illustration

ber—morescripture onthan36 major,1,500 passages.fundamental themes are assembled in liberal numTn Flanders in World War I, on the

"day before Christmas, Britons and

Germans had fought as only hated foes DESERET BOOK COMPANY can fight, and as a result comrades had 44 East South Temple Street been wounded and others were stilled

Salt Lake City 10, Utah in death.

"THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"in When,the trenches,next morningsomeonethecriedsun toshonethe enemy: "This is Christmas Day!"Then

followed an exchange of greetings cautiously, even suspiciously at first. In

a few moments bayonets and bombs

Vi/herever c/hey \o were laid aside, and between the trenches foes fraternized for a brief

C/o FPO period as friends. For a few hours the

Editors: San Francisco, Calif. spirit of Christmas entered their hearts,

As a member of the armed forces serving at a foreign station ings.and they acted as sensible human be-

I wish to express my appreciation for your magazine. I am keepIf such could prevail for a day on the

ing each volume in a bound form and pass it among my shipbattlefield, surely it is not inconceivable mates at every opportunity. I especially enjoyed the conference that Christian men could make such

edition.... May the ship that brings the Era to me never sink. relationship permanent when the rancor

Dahl G. Merrell, Y. 2/c of war shall have subsided.

Some Claim Teachings Are Send the "ERA"to someone in the service Impractical 50 North Main who No one $2.00 a year Salt Lake City 1, Utah Christ is the Waysincerelyand thebelievesTruth thatwill

doubt the applicability of his teachings 62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FAITH IN CHRIST

to presentday conditions. There are truth, the one great truth in a world of litnature, lies. tle your do change human You if truths, not fundamentalsome

it if surrender nature you human all, own "If applicable. I say eternally arewhich

nature changed be him. must. Human to f-rof. y/el6on5truth,"said not beye do Jesus, "why future the unless in scale the. enormous. an on

lieve me?"world is to be drowned in its own blood.

True, there are weighty problems to And only Christ can change it.

the everof the slums,solve—evils Iffew iSook... conflicts laborrecurring between and Conclusion

capital, drunkenness, prostitution, international hatreds, and a hundred other A living faith in the hearts of true becurrent questions. But, if heeded, *** lievers that Christ is the Son of the

Christ's appeal for personal integrity, living God, will eradicate from men's honor, fairdealing, and love is basic hearts hate, avarice, all vain ambitionin the proper solution of social and ecofor selfish power and conquest, and enThe Second nomic difficulties. able them to shun the "mad fit"that

Most certainly before the world even drives nations to war.

approaches these ideals, men's hearts The restored gospel of Jesus Christ will have to be changed. Christ came proclaims that he lives! that he is the

into the for that purpose. world very Brother, Savior, our Son of God, our

for principal reason preachingThe the the Everlasting the of WAR Father, Prince gospel is to change men's hearts and Peace.

lives, thereby bring peace and good and this Christsuf- May men everywhere thewill to of strife, world instead always, through and recogthefering, the mastide destruction of property, and nition Christ, of experience unin the Heaven of innocentmangling murdering and in wavering assurance the exconnoted children. changing andwomen On clamation, Lord, and God!""My my Nichols, author hearts Beverlymen's years not "The do weaken until this disnot then and Then may truly: writes Said,of Fool Hath The pen."A. Widtsoe. your John for tracted earth world peace on hope

You can change human nature. No man and good will among men; for "there "Among the flood of war

who has felt in him the spirit of Christ is none other name under heaven given books, this one digs more nearly even for a half a minute can deny this among men whereby we must be saved."to the roots of the present conflict, and offers the only final

of the solution sorrows."world's

in the Improvement A. W. EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS—J.

( Concluded from page 33 difficult to read; it looked monotonous Era.

It was first proposed that the Roman on the printed page; and an attempt was

in intype use it employed be common supplant to Pitman's with made of the the light book turns My thesecuring desired reform. This of death phonotype. Brigham The JoyIntelligence Philosophy on

of the impracticable becauseseemed the persecutions subsequent Young, and the darkest problem mankind ofuncertainty to the adhering sounds of the attention of the turned church certain letters, and was laid aside. Then the people to other matters, and the has yet had to face.

it that the "phonographic was proposed fell into disuse. subject whole Books in Subscription price, $1.50 postalso in print, as ithandwriting"used be literary the Deseret Alphabet are now

moved entirely according to sound. Obcuriosities. paid. Two or more copies to

jections to this suggestion were also It has been suggested that the Latterthe same address at $1.20 per

found. day Saints proposed the Deseret Alcopy.

Finally the regents broke away from phabet to separate themselves more Address:

all traditions and struck out for themcompletely from the world. This is an

selves. They hewed a new way among error. The church has never attemptedthe orthographic "corruptions and perto isolate itself. It was driven into the Pro/, fj. J. %Ln

versions"of the language. An entirely desert. It went there because it had to, Downey, Idaho

new alphabet, the socalled Deseret in the words of President George A.

Alphabet, was invented. Smith. True, of the brethren, some vwwjywvwvwwwvwuw The English of the language was found to speaking Alphabet, sugDeseret

consist of thirtyeight sounds. A symbol gested that if the world's literatureor sign for each was devised. These be printed in the new type, there would WE SPECIALIZE IN

thirtyeight symbols became the Desbe a chance to eliminate much of the illustration.) -eretAlphabet. (See - literature It unworthy on the market. Now - I - c Uis actually not designed known who as then, that is something to devoutly

these symbols. be hoped for. for CHURCHES AND The Mormon reports under date of

August 29, 1857, that a font of pica type The Deseret Alphabet represents a experiment, a thoroughly with SCHDDLS in noblefor the cast alphabet had been new

It objective. worthwhile appeared instrustocks carried to Large are and St. fonts Louis. other However, were solos, choirs, orchestras. mental bandsfor vocaland spellpremature. be yet, however, Evenlater cast satisfactory before type governcurtailment limited There is but was by the

ing to reform decide introduce reof in may the publishing ment music your andsecured. Mail supplied. quirements can be reasonably letters, the to use or old ones some new in the filled for orders printed catalogues promptly or write primer a school In 1 868

in way. a new published. the InDeseret Alphabet was lists.VICTOR, OTHER COLUMBIA AND andWE specialCARRY

the first of following,year Latterday Nephi Saints RECORDS. reason book WELL have to be KNOWN

of pianos While and band ofand then of this the whole in the proud episode history of Book Mormon struments discontinued 18 months the wasmanufacture ago inby conditions, to the in government, their due war people. the the presentappeared we still generanew characters. May

of class limited this stocks of merchandise instruction of Classes to old tion be as ready exchange and have in the new alto for invite further write information and you terriheld the throughout better imperfect for werephabet methods and new letin ones,tory; in learned thinking to both read the practical and many new 47 So.DAYNESMain St. MUSICSalt CD.Lake City

daily life.—/. alphabet the found A. ters. However, was W.

JANUARY, 1944 63 n

Your Page aid Ours.TBfc.Bh'TTfc >fc >fc & m w"- "Tfe."Tfe- '3 Tfe*. TfeTa, Tfa Sr, &.. 'h.te./Jfe. 'ft,.. Tfo. Hfc. Tfe. *3&Ja.. a.:S&."3te*3afc 'ftfr.to, mJk.Jfeiaii i "Bh Iffifh. TBSh S.TWh! ftinTII nh Tfc Eft, Tfflh lfo ft I

Eliza R. Snow Rarity Another Evil

LeRoi C. Snow, custodian of Eliza R. Snow's original pioneer Louise, age three, was leading in family prayer helped by

diary, learned recently of a 49page autobiography of his father.

aunt in folio, deposited in the Bancroft Library, University of "Protect us from harm and evil,"he prompted. Louise

California at Berkeley, and has received permission to secure a earnestly prayed, "Protect us from harm and ego."Is not this

photostat copy of it. The life was written at the request of a worthwhile prayer?

the historian, H. H. Bancroft, in the eighties. A letter from the (Submitted by Margaret B. Cluff, Chihuahua, Mexico.)

Bancroft Library includes the following interesting excerpt:

of California University Library Ars Medico The Bancroft

Dear Mr. Snow: Berkeley, California "Medicine,"says an old doctor, "is usually the art of amusing

... It was very kind of you to send us your introduction to the patient while nature cures the disease."

the Eliza R. Snow Pioneer Diary. We have been following

in interest Improvement this diary with great The the first volume. to goes back of this magazine Era;We ourshouldfile Truth and Consequences

greatly appreciate receiving copies of your articles on Lorenzo Bill: "There's a certain question I've wanted to ask you for

Snow, and of any other material you may have on him or weeks."

Eliza R. Snow. Mabel: "Well, get a move on. I've had the answer waiting

Very sincerely yours, for months."

Eleanor Bancroft, Assistant to the Director.

3> Somber Reflection Discovery Teacher: "You surely know what the word 'mirror'means,

After have washed, what do you look at to see you College Junior. State Washington

clean?"face is if your Pullman, Washington

Recently I had to go to another military camp near here for Junior: "The towel."

a few days on temporary duty. Almost as soon as I got

there I began wondering if I could find any Mormon fellows. Modern Mother Goose

It happened that I had arrived there late at night, so I was given some bedding and assigned to a barracks. There when I Slim Jones is thinking of changing the name of his grocery

lifted up the mattress was a copy of the Era! I presumed that store to "Mother Hubbard's Cupboard."

it belonged to the fellow over whose bunk I was making my bed and the next morning made myself acquainted with him.

On my inquiry, he said, "Yes, I'm a Mormon, are you?"You Bottleneck

can imagine how good we both felt, and we had much to talk Mother: "Now, Junior, be a good boy and say 'Ah-h-h,'so

about, not the least of which was the way the Era had brought the doctor can get his finger out of your mouth."

us together. Cadet Paul V. Christofferson

> Efficient Nagging First Prayer in Congress "My husband is an efficiency expert in a large office."

Dear Sirs: Philadelphia, Pa. "What does an efficiency expert do?"

was much interested in the article entitled "The Religious "Well, if we women did it, they'd call it nagging."

I Attitudes of Noted Men,"by Leon M. Strong in the September (1943) Era. It was brought out that Benjamin Frank- <S

lin was the first to suggest that each meeting of the Continental is someCongress be opened with prayer. You may be interested in the Love is a headache. A headache is a pain. A pain result of his plea, the original prayer offered by Dr. Jacob thing you get in the neck. A neck is a column. A column

Duche, a clergyman, in Carpenters'Hall at the first meeting is what Winchell has. Therefore, Winchell makes love a headof the Continental Congress, September, 1774: ache.

T. Whiting, high Father, and mighty Heavenly our of Kings, of Kenneth King Lord O Lord,

all the dwellers behold the earth, from upon Lords, Thy throne and who dost Field, Oregon Pendleton reignest with power supreme and uncontrolled over all kingdoms, empires and look governments, down fled States who have to Theein mercy,from thewerodbeseechof the Thee,oppressor,uponandthesethrownAmericanthem- $ selves upon Thy gracious protection, desiring to be henceforth dependent only

Thee. upon Thee have they appealed for the righteousness of their cause. To Thee Frontline Service in Monti To

that support countenance alone look and up for which do they now Thou white the sale itself was no therefore. Father, give. nurturing them, Heavenly under canst Take sale—but Thy

field. in council in the and valor care. Defeat wisdom under them Give South Ward, of the Manti the ITelephant!was a whiteGleanerelephantGirls

cruel adversaries. of Convince the unrighteousdesigns of our them malicious

still in their persist their cause, purpose, sanguinary of and ness O somethingthe leadershiptheirofsixtyMrs.boysRalphin Tatton,the servicewerewoulddeterminedappreciateto do justice, in their if unerringthey hearts, constrain sounding let the voice of own Thine

their of in the from to unnerved hands their weapons war day current drop them MenGleaner of them the send each for Christmas M battle. of A. Dr. from taken John Answered, Questions Your of direct the manual of the present, Wisdom, and Council Thou Be O Lord the funds, raise Reconciliations. Evidences and Widtsoe's To to settle things die surest Enable them best Assembly. upon honorable and

foundation, that the scene of blood may speedily be closed; that order, hargirls canvassed the homes in the ward for knickknacks, homeeffectually religion truth and be and justice, may and peace mony elephants or otherwise goodies, produce, made aprons—white flourish prevail people. piety, amongst and restored,Thy and the spirit to catch Everyone seemed auctioned them off. the bodies, of their health vigor of their minds. the Preserve Shower and

down upon them, and the millions they here represent, such temporal blessings of the thing, for not only was enough money raised for the this in for world seest with expedient them crown them and as Thou fortyfive dollars well, which as but evermanuals, an additional this through the in All lasting glory world and we ask the name the to with the is matching siim needed accompany the ward our Saviour. of Son, Christ, merits the Jesus Amen.in toThycome.

A painting showing the statesmen kneeling while Dr. Duche manualJensen, Clarawith anJensen,Era subscriptionand Hope Petersenfor everyareservicethe Y.W.M.I.A.man. Ruth

offers the prayer hangs in Carpenters'Hall.... I never fail to presidency which promoted this thoughtful gesture. The P.S.

I the there enter of read receive and a thrill the copy when

. the of the large wall prayer assembly room. which hangs on.. shouldon the bebackaddedcoverthatof everythe manual—aGleaner Girlnew inscribedkind of coverher namegirl

Pfc. L. John Bingham the boys out there will appreciate!

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FARMALL and HARVESTER ARE PLEDGED TO SERVE

...and so are the International Harvester

Dealers as they celebrate The Family Farm

FARMALL'S 20TH BIRTHDAY

1 he family farm is Home LL FIGHTS FOR FOOD!

Sweet Home. It is home

ground where every corner in the house, every turn in the lanes, ter, Janet. There will be a new baby This Is Farmall's 20th Yearthe

every rise and fall in the fields, is part in February. "Maybe it will be a tractor that started from the impleof the family's heart and soul.. boy,"they are saying. ment end—the power that is dediThe writer of this Harvester Isn't the story much the same on cated to the prosperity of the family

message grew up on the farm. His a million farms today? Maybe it is farm. When the boys come home,

mother is nearly 80 and she has left like that on your farm. the farmall system will lead the

the farm for a cottage in town, but Everywhere you go, farmall way to the Future!

her heart refused to come along. The Power and hydraulic control of imfarm is her home, and will be. Her plements makes all the difference.

When war struck our Nation, a Farmall army, youngest son is operating the homeThe true allpurpose tractor, that can with an infinite number of working tools, went stead now. He is running it alone—do so much for a man, is a blessing into battle. The food crisis was at every farm

with his Farmall tractor. In Septemin times like these. Food is fighting

gateand the FARMALL SYSTEM was ready.

ber he filled his silo, alone—a tough for Freedom—and the Farmalls, with

job, but he did it. In the house is their many mounted, pullbehind and International Harvester Company

Gladys, his wife, and the little daughbelt machines, are fighting for food. 180 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago 1, Illinois

FARMALL'S 20th Anniversary THE IMPROVEMENT IRA

SALT t.AKE CITV 1, UTAH

hot llpt until it is too late to protect your loved ones with adequate life insurance.

N|i other plan is so safe and so sure.

Heber J. Grant, Pre** Salt Lake City, Utah