Elect

B. CON COLTON

United States Senator for Utah

The spirit of the times demands men of action whose ability and integrity are

unquestioned.

His record is one of constant service to

the people of this state, not to special

interests.

VIGOROUS -a CAPABLE PROGRESSIVE THEcover on the October numberCOVERof The Improvement Era is anotherTHEmadeup picture. Fielding K. Smith, the artist, possessed a small model

of one of Christopher Columbus'three ships. He prepared a background for it out of cardboard on which he imitated a cloudflecked sky.

In front of this "sky"he set the model of the ship. The word, "ERA"he

had made out of wood an inch or more thick. These he attached to the "sky"

in such a manner as to permit them to cast shadows. In front of the ship

he arranged some "waves"cut from white and gray cardboard. Then a

photograph was taken of the entire picture. That photograph is used as

our cover.

FIVE DOLLARS FOR A

SAIL ON! SAIL ON!"COVER IDEA

artist readers to thinking along our some encourage do to order have three during such suggest used have and we as weIN are artisthis the past deft give October. those of finger lines, to and in order and 3, February, 193 and who now usedyear—December,covers

us. five offering dollars are for help tic to any a chance eye of we Suggestions to December us for February covers by should come

madeup picture we can use as a cover. 15. They could be built around Valentine Day, Washington's

This is the detail: Anybody, professional or amateur, is eligible. or Lincoln's birthdays or the shortest month in the year. What This is not a contest; we are merely going to buy some covers if idea have you? March covers should reach us by January 15—

somebody submits something we like. The covers may be made by St. Patrick's Day. the Ides of March, March Winds, etc., etc.,

pasting paper on cardboard, by pasting actual cloth on cardboard might serve as motives.

a original piece or of whatsoever. work method or any by The all covers covers to of Address or photographs The Improveif entries, us. to All original submitted be of the photograph may Street, Salt City. Utah. Lake Era, 50 North Main ment

interested our study returned. will should be used, not Those

covers and make their layouts in that proportion. Provision should If you work on a larger scale than the cover of the Era you may

be made for all of the words found on our regular cover as they maintain the proper proportion by drawing a diagonal line through must go on somewhere, but of course we can have them printed on two corners of the Era to the size desired. The Era cover is

if a place for them is designated. Some of the national magazines about 8% by 11%.

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor Volume 37 OCTOBER, 1934 Number 10

the PriesthoodOrgan of QuoEDITORIALSrums, Mutual Improvement

Associations and Department Allegiance and Actions Elsie Talmage Brandley 606 of Education The Organ Played H. R. Merrill 606

In Memory of Elder Horace Moore Carlton 607

Published monthly by the Political Advertising 607

GENERAL BOARDS OF THE ARTICLES IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

ASSOCIATIONS The Mormon Exhibit: Marden E. Broadbent 579

Elbert Hubbard Sears 584 Jack I Knew Him. Ballard, Melvin General Mgr. J.

in a 5 2 Sterling Glimpsed 87 B. Talmage Clarissa Beesley, A. Associate Mgr. Flash—PartAs

B. Peterson, O. Business Mgr. Athlete? Makes 588 What G. An Romney On George Morris, Q. Merrill Alice 590 The Frontispiece Home C. Jensen, Katie

Chairmen Era and Publicity The Old Bailey, J. Marinas Jensen 591

Trial and Error Vesta Pierce Crawford 594 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL But You Were Born to Inspire. Claire S. Boyer 595 OFFICES

SO North Main Street, Salt Lake Reminiscences of Charles W. Nibley By Himself 597

City, Utah Home, a Danger Zone for Accidents Medical Staff B. Y. U. 599

Copyright, 1932, by the Young Men's Petunias Ezra J. Poulsen 600

Association Mutual Improvement

Corporation of Jesus Man's Quest For Joy. Heber Q. Hale 640 of the Church

Christ of Latterday Saints. All

rights price, reserved. Subscription FICTION

a $2.00 year, in advance; 20c Single Bright Baubles Mary C. Hatch 5 83 Copy.

A Bouquet for Jane Lilliace Mitchell 592

Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at POETRY

special rate of postage provided for Edith 596 Cherrington The Passing in section October, 1103, of Act Lost Cherrington Edith 596 1917, 2, 1918. authorized July

Goodnight Edith Cherrington 596

Hallowe'en Rena Stotenburg Travais 5 98

Some Things I Love Christina 605 M. Stacey A Heroic Plea Dorothy J. Buchanan 605 Sunset Christie 605 Lund

FigurePasses TheseIndian ThingsSummerI Love DeliaCatherineAdamsE.LeitnerBerry 605605

Autumn in the Canyon Ida Rees 605

President Anthony Manti Temple Frank Jones 605

W. Ivins is dead. Autumn Music Helen Maring 605

This friend of all TheThe Lord'sSpirit ofDaythe Hive Clarence HelenEdwinDicksonFlynn 605629 of the people passed The Question and the Answer - Carlyle Nibley 625 aivay September 23, A Prayer Frederick Ames Staff 622 at the 1934, beginDEPARTMENTS eightyhis ning of third year. The ImMusicLights and Shadows on the Screen 611610

provement Era was Melchizedek Priesthood r 614 already on the press, Ward Teaching 615 but we knew of the Aaronic Priesthood 616 esteem in which he Mutual Messages 619 was held, and deEraAdultsand Publicity..:: 621622

cided to issue this Seniors 623 statement. His pass- M Men - 625

ing will be treated in Gleaner Girls 626 627 the November NumVanguards Girls Junior 628 this magazine. ber of Girls BeeHive 629

Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

CODEnIRJ

ExhibitTheMormon flt the Century of Progress

For the second year the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Exposition at Chicaqo has maintained a booth at the Century of Progress Exposition in

Chicago. Thousands have paused to hear and see the average of from six to seven thoumessage as it has been told by the missionaries and ANsand people visit the exhibition of the

pictured by sculptor and artist. Between six Mormon Church daily at the Century m

and seven thousand people have heard and seen of Progress in Chicago. Many of these were

that message daily and have carried away with them visitors of last year who have returned, bringing their ream upon ream of literature to read and ponder in friends with them to hear the impressive story of their own homes. The Great Tabernacle Choir, "Mormonism."It is not just once that many want

through the fine cooperation of Henry Ford, did its to hear this story but we find them staying for two share toward telling the story of the restored Gospel. consecutive lectures and then asking many interesting questions. This display is attractive to so many

The following article prepared by one of the missionbecause it has to do with every individual of the aries who has been at work in the Northern States human family.

Mission and at the Fair explains the exhibit. Up to August 15th, 54,000 tracts had been distributed to interested listeners

at the Fair.

The exhibit is onethird larger than last year and is so arranged that an interesting progressive story is told from beginning to end.

The story of the building of such marvelous structures as the Tabernacle and Temple, in spite of poverty and lack of building facilities, arouses interest. This

gives the listener the desire to hear more of the people who could withstand such perecution, intolerance and hardships, and to know what the motivating forces were that inspired them.

The highlights of MorTHE SALT LAKE TEMPLE BY NIGHT ATS SEEN

AT THE EXPOSITION 580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

central characters of sculpture. A MODEL OFON THEEXHIBITIONGREAT SALTIN LAKECHICAGOTABERNACLE that all truth from whatever source

The central figure of this group of is part of the Gospel of Jesus characters symbolizes "Eternal She holds the basket of plenty and Christ. The truths of Science are

Progression"and the principle of stands ready to render service to a fundamental part of this religion.

preexistent life, and present and the poor by her side. This is symThere can be no conflict between

future activity. The inscription, bolical of the "National Women's true Science and true Religion. All

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"Relief Society Organization"of the theories may not be thoroughly is written under the outstretched Church. This organization is for understood but apparent conflicts

arms of this individual. Behind the purpose of administering to the serve to stimulate to greater intelthe central figure may be seen rays sick, poor, and needy and for the lectual effort, because the investiwhich represent radiating energy education and development of the gator is sure that further knowledge

that is constant in time and space. feminine members. will bring harmony. Therefore,

Beneath the feet of the figure are the From the right to the left of this with the Scientist is shown the symbols, "Sun, Moon, and Stars."suggested Relief Society is first Teacher of religious truth. This

These represent the different degrees shown a group of characters which is representative of our worldwide of glory that each individual of the represent health. The child is remissionary organization. For anyhuman race will occupy according ceiving nourishing foods from one to teach the Gospel to the

to the deeds performed and the mothe nurse. To the Mormon peoworld he must be commissioned by

tives which prompted the deeds. ple this is symbolical of the great one having authority. This au-

(See photograph on pp. 608609.) importance of the physical body. thority is known as, "The Priestis bestowed by and of God,"hood essential are to clean Clean bodies figures on either groups of The is hands. This the laying on of is of Wisdom Word Theside Progression"symminds. of "Eternal

bolize the steps which mortals take the rule of health to the faithful. symbolized by the figure representbe- Priesthood ing the Melchizedek is intelligence not possible Spiritual group theirin upward. march The a calling of the office and bodies. stowing their to those who defile of represents theto the right work

the social groups; while the groups The Spirit of God will not dwell Deacon, in the Aaronic Priesthood,

on the left represent the steps in in unholy tabernacles. upon the lad who kneels before

individual advancement. At the Standing next to this is the him. The Mormon people believe

extreme right of the central figure Scientist studying the changes in in mass participation, thus, doing the social -worker is represented. his test tube. Mormonism teaches away with the salaried ministry.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 581

If faithful to the Gospel message The father with his feet firmly ative Recreation. These suggest

all male members, from 12 years planted on the foundation of Love the love for music, art, literature, of age until death overtakes them, holds a child in his arms. The drama, etc. They also represent

are given different duties to permother stands with her arm over the auxiliary organizations of the form. It is a progressive scale. As the shoulder of her son, a Boy Church which are established for

one matures in years and diligence Scout. Of all the enduring ties the purpose of giving opportunities

he has greater duties given him. that bind people together in hapof expression to young and old

Responsibility is the keynote to piness and security the Mormon alike, and afford the development success and good citizenship. home is one of the most beautiful. of the talents within them.

With his foot firmly planted upSecurity and peace abound and For those who are interested in on the foundation of truth is abide. Members of the family are the history of the Church and the

shown a character holding the sealed together by ties that continue hardships encountered by these peobooks of revelation: "The Bible,"not only through life, but through ple there are Mural paintings of:

"Book of Mormon,""Doctrine eternity. Here in the home all the "Nauvoo the Beautiful, Exodus

and Covenants,"and the "Pearl of virtues are instilled into the many from Nauvoo, Winter Quarters,

Great Price."Not only are all four children who come to Mormon The March Across the Plains, The

of these books important to the parents, and the power of enduring Handcart Company, The EncampChurch and Organization, but Lataffection does much to shield them ment on the Plains, The Mormon terday Saints are expectantly lookfrom the evils of this world. Battalion, Entering Salt Lake Valing forward to further revelation The last four figures at the left ley, The First Irrigation, Winter

pertaining to the Kingdom of God. of the Family group represent Crein the Valley, and Salt Lake City as

it is today."An interesting story The first group to the left of NEW LIFE AND NEW FRONTIERS

the central figure is the Family. BY AVARD FAIRBANKS (Continued on page 608)

WELBY KEMP BENT CLOSER TO THE BANDAGED

FIGURE ON THE BED: "I WASN'T WITH ANYONE,

JANET; I'VE JUST BEEN WITH YOU."

When our crisis comes, do we really need someone who cares to full for us? Janet found that being

looked up and famous is not the same as being loved. Others, perher, nearsaw the nursesXANEThovering

and heard the young doctor murhaps, have found that out, too.

muring, "It's been a serious acciIt accident.dent. serious very A these weeks. She had no more those dreadful nurses to watching she gains before time somemay be

consciousness."doubts, no questions. And she her and give her something with a

Janet tried to rise up and cry saw the course she must follow needle to keep her still. So she lay

out, "I'm not hurt, really I'm not. stretching before her as a straight very quiet and bit her lips when

You're just imagining things."and shining path. She could her voice clambered to be heard and

But she couldn't seem to make hardly wait to tell Welby. When clutched the bed when she wanted

them hear her. The doctor went would she see him? But he didn't to get up.

on, "The important thing is keepknow she was here. She turned to Welby came at six. He stumbled

his great in, his shrunken, frame the nurse was gone. nurse. Buting her shock's as harmful the quiet. A

ashes. like face out burned He the then, she pulled Impatiently,as injuries the themselves."

The nurses nodded and the doccord by her bed. Another nurse dropped down beside the bed.

tor looked at his watch and started appeared at the door. "Janet dear, what has happened?

tell me before?"for the door. "I'll be back in half "Call Canfield 8706. Tell WelWhy didn't they

an hour,"he said, and they nodded by Kemp I must see him at once."Janet laughed her charming little

again. Then he went out. In a "We can call him, but you can't laugh and pushed him away.

few moments they followed him see him before the visiting hour.""There was nothing to tell you,

all but one. She stationed herself "Oh dear. * * How long will Welby, nothing. I'm not hurt,

by the door. that be?"really."

It was ridiculous, Janet thought, "Another hour. Visiting hours "But you might have been

that they should be so concerned begin at six."killed."

about her. She wasn't hurt. Really "Well then, call him and tell "But I wasn't. Now Welby,

she wasn't. Why she had never him to be here by six."don't look so tragic. I'm glad it

felt better in her life. Of course she "Very well."happened."

had been in an accident. "Glad it happened. * * And

But she was glad of the accident, 1HE nurse went out. you might have been killed. Janet

glad the road had leaped up to meet Janet lay back and stared at the I don't understand you."

her when she turned that curve, blank white walls and thought "Well, I can't explain it exactly, though it stabbed her with a whitesome more. She would have liked but it's made me see the future so

hot knife of pain and sent her stagto get out of bed and make believe clearly. You know how undecided

gering into blackness. For she had this room was a stage and then go I've been about our future, Welby.

emerged from the blackness with to acting. But of course she couldn't Now, suddenly, I'm not undecided

her mind cleared of the indecision do it. They'd think she was any more. I know exactly what

that had clogged her thoughts all delirious and set three or four of I must do."

By MARY C.

HATCHBRIGHT your ego. It wouldn't be fair to

me. It wouldn't be fair to the

world.

Welby glared. "A lot the world

cares about you, Janet. But you'reBAUBLES not thinking of the world, Janet.

You're out for a bright bauble, a

Welby reached out his."arms. me, Janet. You don't love me or bright Christmastree bauble, called

all that wouldn't matter."fame.""Oh Janet, you mean—

Janet pulled away. "No, WelJanet smoothed the spread with Janet laughed again. "Well,

by, not that way. I mean I have a cool little hand. "Yes, I do love even Christmastree baubles are

to go on with my work and give you, Welby. It's you who don't beautiful, Welby. They're goryou up."love me except with a selfish love. geous and beautiful."

His arms dropped. "You mean You want me for yourself. But "Yes they're gorgeous and beauyou won't marry me, Janet?"you can't have me. If I had no tiful. But they're cheap. They

"Yes, Welby. Oh, I still love talent it would be different. But smash at a touch. And then all

you. I'll always love you. But I am talented and I can't spend my you've got is a handful of worthwhen I have to choose between my entire life merely complimenting less enamel slivers."

dramatic work and Janet yawned.

you, I see suddenly "Don't get dramatic, that I have to go on Welby, please."

with my work and "Dramatic, nothgive you up."ing. I'm just telling

, you the plain truth, "But—but

Janet."His voice Janet."

tripped over itself. "Whatever it is, I

"You don't have to don't want to hear it.

do any choosing. BeAnd anyway, fame

ing married wouldn't isn't my only reason interfere with your for going on with my ambitions. You could dramatic work. I've

go on just the same. got ability. And I

I'd never interfere."owe it to the world

Janet raised her to do something big."

eyebrows. "I must Welby shook his

study some more. head. "But the world

Where would I get won't appreciate anythe money if I were thing you do, Janet."

married. Uncle Jans "Oh yes it will.

wouldn't give it to I'll work so hard."

me. "The world isn't

"I'd give you every interested in your efcent I could make."forts. It wants something to play with.

Janet shook her You can be its playhead on the pillow. thing if you want to.

"You couldn't make But even that won't for Welenough me last long. then And

inin anby. Not efforts for all your

surance office. And you'll be discarded

anyway, I couldn't like a broken toy."

see you very often. Janet put her

I'd be in the East hands to her ears.

most of the time. "Do stop talking,

There's no place here Welby. I'm sick of

could teach me any Hstening to you. I

more."know what I'm going

Welby jumped up. (Continued on page 630)

His eyes blazed. "And JANET TURNED AWAY. BLACKthen you say you love NESS BEGAN HER.TO CLOSE OVER

584 ELBERT HUBBARD Elbert Hubbard, on account of his epigrammatical style and bis free and able thinking, became an important figure in American life, for the reason that he drew to him disciples from all walks of life and particularly from among the social reformers. His "Little Journeys"have

been enjoyed by thousands.

Jack Sears, a Utah artist known for his versatile pencil, made an extended visit at the Hubbard place in

East Aurora where he became intimately acquainted with the Roycrofter. Because an artist always tries to see

people "under the skin,"Mr. Sears is well qualified to

ELBERT speak of this man who became a victim of the nefarious

HUBBARD submarine in the World War.

first personal contact with to write anything worthy of this After walking some distance I

I years the genius. in genial engaged found Mr. Over Hubbard early Hubbard wasMYElbert times notes, pulling for of for the pigs, weeds and have many made in 1914, connecwhen in

tion with a large printing job of during the past nineteen years have all the animals he owned he seemed a deluxe book, I sent him a good looked at my multitude of sketches to have a greater disposition to sized check, and in this letter I made at East Aurora, and as I have look after the welfare of his pigs,

I than any other of his animal posmade a pen sketch of Mr. Hubbard walked to and from my studio

sessions, but rest assured none of orating. The most enthusiastic have thought of my wonderful and

letter came back, with the request inspiring association with Elbert them were neglected. Mr. Hub-

I redraw the sketch large enough Hubbard, during the last half of bard met me with a broad smile for a cover design for his widely 1914. and a warm handshake, and true

read Magazine "The Philistine."On a certain hot day during the to his friendly form, he called me

In returning this request drawing summer of 1914, I was seated on "Jack."

I illustrated my letter from begin- a bootblack stand, havning to end with small sketches, ing my shoes shined, in

It most of these drawings being little Buffalo, New York.

action pictures of Hubbard. was 12 o'clock, noon,

whistles factory the The exchange of letters and my and out blowing, and were delight with the beautiful printing scores clear the of came the of Roycrofters, brought us into excited newsboys, of close association, and ere long we up the running were Palsde-pencil. This was a crying, "Extra, Extra,street,

fadein of friendship that was to England declares war on endure. One day there came an Germany!"In a few

invitation from Mr. Hubbard, inminutes'I was to board

viting me to be his guest for a day a train for East Aurora, at East Aurora, which I accepted. New York, eighteen

Immediately after Elbert Hubmiles southeast of Bufbard's death in the Irish Sea, May falo, to go to the home 7, 1915, aboard the Lusitania, of the Roycrofters, editors in New York who knew founded by Elbert Hubhow near I had been to this great bard. Arriving at the

man, asked me to write my impresRoycroft Inn, I was told sions for the newspapers and magthe Fra was out in the azines, but I was too close to him field working.

then, for the loss of such a perTHE FRA IN HIS STUDY—1914

sonality was too keen a shock for ThisHubbardcartoonto abandonand othersthe stringcausedon Mr.his

anyone who admired Mr. Hubbard head

I SA

PIGS IS PIGS AT ROYCROFT

could give one the kindest look

I have ever seen in anyone's eyes. HIM This fine pair of knowing eyesKNEW

sparkled in animation and they missed nothing worth seeing; they By JACK SEARS looked at one squarely and conWith Illustrations made at East vincingly.

Aurora, N. Y., by the Author Hubbard's long black hair played gracefully around his head, and

when he placed that broad brimmed

Said he, "Is there anything new played with him for several minblack Stetson on his head he was in regard to the Big Rumpus over utes, as he was very fond of this an inspiration for any artist.

in Europe?"dog.

I handed him the copy of the Mr. Hubbard said, "You pLBERT HUBBARD was a

geniuspaper published in Buffalo with know, Jack, this dog of ours has great personality—a

its big headlines. a history. When he was a little who was not afraid to do things in

pup his mother died and we hardly his own way. He had the posture

I JE looked at the paper and did knew what to do with him. Ali of an Indian and was at 59 years

not utter a word for fully five Baba, the wise gent whom you of age the time I knew him, vigorminutes. All the while I stood to will meet later, suggested we give ous in body and in mind. He

one side sketching moved as surely and him, and so engrossed 'PIG PEN PETE,"THE FRIENDLY COLLIE swiftly as a trained was Mr. Hubbard I college athlete, and

do not think he was loved life and what it aware of what I was gave him. He indoing. As I studied spired people to love

this great man, and life and to get a lot noted the play of exout of it, and he pression over his face, valued his time as too

I was thrilled to a precious to waste. He

great enthusiasm. made use of and paid

Finally as Mr. Hubfor the contributions

bard let the newsof others whose paper drop gently minds were not so from his gaze, he stood looking the puppy to an old sow, which well organized as his own and he into space as if visualizing a great had a litter of little pigs to raise, found a use for everything created.

happening, and since the tragic fate Well, the old pig took to the idea Before my first visit to East he met in midocean I have since and adopted the pup and gave him Aurora, I had heard a lot about wondered if he was really thinking more attention than she did her the Roycroft shops, and the foundthen that he would be drawn into own, and Pig Pen Pete grew fast, er, Elbert Hubbard. As I had

the great World War. As I was fat and strong, and became a great many opportunities to be with Mr.

to be his guest, Mr. Hubbard imdefender of all pigs. Hubbard during my second visit of

mediately left with me and we went "The dog thinks more of a pig several months, I got a pretty clear over and looked at his cows, the than anything around Roycroft, first hand picture of the man, and strawberry patch, and other things and let a stray dog or other an- I learned from his own lips about of interest. imal come near, and he is at once his ups and downs, his failures and

As we visited, Mr. Hubbard told upon them, and driving them his success. And as Mr. Hubbard

me about the Collie dog, around away."and I walked together over country

which he wrote his book "Pig Pen Elbert Hubbard, browned from road, or rode horseback, I caught

Pete."He said he wanted me to contact with nature, which he the Roycroft spirit and was

meet this dog because he had picked loved, always walked and stood as thrilled.

me out to illustrate the second erect as an Indian. And his digAs I felt honored to be with Eledition of "Pig Pen Pete,"the first nified being radiated inspiration, bert Hubbard I tried to fit into the

edition of 25,000 being about sold faith in himself and his fellowpicture in a way pleasing to him.

out. men, and a desire for worthwhile Sometimes as we walked together,

As we went out into the open achievement. His was a noble he would like to talk, then again

country to go to the Inn, Pig Pen character, and Hubbard worked he would hardly say a word.

Pete, the Collie dog, came boundand played at the height of his enMr. Hubbard might be riding

ing up to Mr. Hubbard and nearly thusiasm. His dark, sparkling along beside you, and suddenly he

knocked him over. He patted the eyes looked as if they could pierce would stop his horse, slip to the

dog, and roughed him around and through solid steel, and yet they ground, reach into his pocket for 586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

one of his many stubby pencils Elbert Hubbard's sayings was, going to waste, but not on Mr.

which he always carried, extract when anyone tried to kill enthusiHubbard's land did anything from another pocket his little yelasm for an idea he thought good; waste. Skunks which might delow pad. If Mr. Hubbard was in "Fences are made for those who stroy chickens were corraled, cared

a hurry to jot down his thoughts, cannot fly!"for, the skins used for furs, and the

he would place the pad against the Elbert Hubbard valued time, carcases for fodder. Socalled

saddle or a tree, and would be lost which waits for no man; not only useless apple seeds were fed to

to the world. Luckily there was his own time but the time of chickens.

one man who could decipher these others. He had the nicest, smoothMr. Hubbard was a man who

scribblings, otherwise many an idea est way of dismissing people, and gave no quarter to things poorly would have been lost. Many rarely offended. Even pests, with done and there was no room in

things Hubbard scribbled, and he nothing to offer, he dismissed with this man's scheme of things that was at it all the time, he could would tolerate things of a mediocre hardly read himself, but John T. nature. This apostle of the fitness

Hoyle, editor of the Fra, could do of things knew values and had the the trick. nerve and the ability to throw

away worthless stuff. Elbert Hub-

]WfR. Hubbard liked to talk of his bard was never nambypamby

work of stopping the mad never negative—but always posrush of young people from the itive.

country side to the cities. His inMr. Hubbard wrote, "To wear

fluence was great in turning the tide a hat or clothes like everybody else from city to country. He made is to outwardly acknowledge that

things attractive for the growing your head thinks the same thoughts youth. Elbert Hubbard gave the that other heads think."

country youngster genial employment, opportunity for education, C"\NE would imagine a man who and beautiful recreation, all the would have such strong opinwhile holding before him art and ions as Hubbard, could not be made things beautiful. One could not to do a thing he did not care to do

influenced, but Italk long to Mr. Hubbard without—could not be

finding out that he knew all boys, know as a fact where a pencil and and girls too, want to use their ELBERT HUBBARD INTERESTED pad controlled by an artist—myself, made Mr. Hubbard untie ahands—like to make things.

Elbert Hubbard helped the a feeling in their hearts that they shoestring from around his head, youths to find their talents and he were indeed important cogs in the put there to keep his hair from kept them busy and happy. He wheel of civilization. I admired doing gymnastics while riding

kept them at home and the youngMr. Hubbard's ability to make use horseback. Several cartoons had

sters had no desire to go to Bufof people and materials in a contouched a rather tender spot and falo, Chicago, or New York to structive way. Seemingly worthfinally Mr. Hubbard left the string

seek their fortunes. In this did he less cobblestones were converted off for good.

help the youths at East Aurora, into beautiful buildings, fences, It was near the close of day, and and they in turn helped him, and and other things useful. Dead and soft mellow light from a glorious

all were mutually happy. sunset played over the landscape,

Hubbard knew that happy causing a beautiful continuity people are those who work. He of dancing shadows. A small

also knew hoodlumism is born group were gathered in a cozyof idleness—"useful energy gone nook of the Roycroft Inn. The

to seed,"as he put it; that question discussed was, "Why

hoodlumism is the first step in is Elbert Hubbard such a Sucthe direction of crime, and that cess?"A lady from Boston said

"a good hoodlum is often a good it was Hubbard's great energy.

boy who does not know just Another thought Hubbard's gift what to do, and usually does the of concentration, responsible.

wrong thing."The Roycroft A wise old sage, who talked little

idea supplied girl and boy, and and listened a lot, said in his all who joined them with construcPIG PEN PETE'S ADOPTED MOTHER opinion Elbert Hubbard's greattive work to do. This was not ness was due to secrecy.

just a theory with them, but a knotty trees were fashioned into "Have you noticed,"he conreality; it had worked, and I saw furniture and bridges. Hubbard tinued, "Mr. Hubbard never goes

with my own eyes the fruits of could take a group of people of difaround saying what he's going to talents,just ages place the Roycrofters have ferent and them what lets results do does it, and could of people. they hundreds to help paydone do and in work instance, analyze for do—hethe talking. For

Hubbard told people to look up their services. Men and women his article, 'A Message to Garnot down; he helped people to going around in circles and getting cia,'which has been translated into

placed. properly were be themnowhere of every about themselves—to language—millions to better selves; could East Aurora one and Around printed. copies This story wasselves—theirhelp

have individual ideas. One of see thousands of bushels of apples (Continued on page 625)

The man> or woman y who reads these bits of wisdomand philosophy carefully w illhave a method of approach toGlimpsed troublesome questions which will aid him all the remainder of his life, in a Flash By some remarks of his own on the

DR. STERLING B. contradictions in the scripture. evilsHeofpointedmeateating.out that for a man

TALMAGE Didthe phenomenaPaul's companionsthat accompaniedsee or hear cessivein sedentaryeating ofoccupationmeat mightthebringexhis conversion? The Bible says on gastric disturbances and high

PART II theydid not.did, andBut thewhetherBible saysor no,theyit blooda little pressure;overemphatic,althoughthishewasseemedunWhat Difference Does It wouldwith relationseem to tomakethe nosinceritydifferenceof objectionable.But as he warmed up, his preMake? Paul's previous persecution of the judices got the best of him. He

Christians, the thoroughness of his said: "No heavy meateater ever

I visited a Bible conversion, the zeal of his missionaccomplished anything worthRECENTLY class conducted by a teacher ary work, or the strength of his while, either mental or physical."

who was lacking in imagitestimony. All of these fine lessons I found that objectionable, because

nation. were lost in arguing over one non- I knew it was not true; I had heard

He prided himself on the fact essential detail. Dr. Viljalmar Steffanson and Dr.

that his class work consisted largely And if that detail is of no conLauge Koch, both famous explorof open discussion. But he made sequence our belief regarding that ers, recount superhuman accomno effort to direct the discussion; detail is even less important. Whatplishments in the Arctic, on a diet

he let it wander where it would. ever happened to Paul's companthat, of necessity, consisted exThe session that I visited was charions, happened; it is now a matter clusively of meat.

acterized, not by any excellence or of ancient history. No belief of The chairman continued:

intelligence in the discussion, but mine can rob Paul's companions "When we eat meat, we partake of merely by the durability of two of the vision if they saw it, and no the nature of the beast we eat. He

rather inexpert discussers. belief of yours can make it visible who eats pig becomes piggified."

The topic for the day was the to them if they did not. Our be- I had had a pork chop for my dinconversion of Paul. The two liefs cannot change the fact, whener, but I felt no twinge of conchampion "argufiers"went into ther we know it or not. science; I knew his statement was

action. One maintained that I have been surprised to find how not true.

Paul's companions had seen but many controversial points of belief He even objected to the eating not heard the light at the time of in accomplished facts or events can of eggs and milk, as animal prohis conversion, and quoted Acts be clarified by asking: "What difducts; he waxed sentimental, and

22:9 to prove it; the other stoutly ference does it make? I have been said: 'The feeding of cow's milk

insisted that Paul's companions more surprised to find how often to human beings is a species of had heard but not seen the divine the answer must be: "Not a bit."highway robbery—stealing from

manifestations, basing his arguBut questions regarding belief in poor, helpless little calves the food ment on Acts 9:7. Every time one fundamental principles belong in that is theirs by right."Any

of them would sit down, the other a totally different category. farmer boy knows that a milch

would rise, and, in slightly differ- % * * cow produces long after her calf ent wording, repeat what he had Propaganda and Truth passes the suckling stage, and so already said. could brand that statement as unFinally, I fear somewhat disCOME years ago I had to spend true.

gustedly, I interjected into the disseveral hours, between trains, in He said further: "When we eat

cussion a single question: "What a town where I was not acquainted. meat, we lower ourselves to the

difference does it make?"I was Merely to spend the evening, I atlevel of the carnivorous beasts, and

favored with a blank and astontended a lecture on "The Value of place ourselves on an equality with ished stare, followed by an emVegetables in Human Diet,"which the hyenas and the jackals."I

barrassed silence. The teacher seemed preferable to the rather poor knew that was not true. I have

seemed at a loss; my question had theatrical offerings listed for that a dog that eats as much meat as I

thrown the discussion out of its day. The lecture was good; the do; but, without conceit, I can

welloiled groove. Apparently nospeaker knew his subject, and stuck class myself as his superior in some

body in the class had ever stopped to it. respects.

to wonder whether the subject matBut the chairman of the meeting We were invited to "consider the ter of their discussions made any was an ardent vegetarian; he unsuperiority of the noble horse or

difference or not. dertook to supplement the lecture the intelligent elephant over the

Here is one of the few outright on the value of vegetables with (Continued on page 603) 588 WHAT MAKES AN athlete in his Allow this trainer of athletes > this own right, to answer his own question: "What Makes

An Athlete?"You may discover that the same things

which make an athlete make a great preacher, a great general a great leader of any kind.

courage, a short reaction period, pheral vision. And so on endsome athletic instinct and some exlessly. Each specialist must have

perience, tutoring and rehearsal in his particular accessories. But still

the specialists—add a dash of love we have not guaranteed a superfor the game—and there you have athlete.

it. If you want a football passer Perhaps it is the excess charge of

G. OTT ROMNEY, COUGAR MENTOR and pass receiver, you had better the battery or, perhaps, the nature

require that his hands be rather of the battery itself which lifts him large. If he is to be a basketball out of the sands of mediocrity.

dictionary will tell you forward, he will need effective peri- I choose to call this additionalYOURthat an athlete is one skilled in acts or feats of physical strength or agility, or one who participates in public games. It's

pretty easy to come under that general head.

But to be a real athlete is something very different. The truly

great athlete is distinguished from the garden -variety teammember or the average participant who is awarded a monogram for his devotion to the athletic welfare of his

Alma Mater. He possesses a

"plus"which, like college spirit, boardinghouse hash, love, personality and happiness, is one of those "indefinable somethings."It is

that without which all the rest is commonplace.

Without overtaxing the imagination or developing any mental "charleyhorses"one may list the ingredients which, in usual quantities, wellstirred, produce the average participant in games which attract untotalled millions to gymnasiums, stadiums, public squares and arenas, to get unbridled emotional exercise and swap uncopyrighted opinions. Put down musLEFT TO RIGHT: TONY

cular coordination, a fair degree of BENTLEY, Y. DISTANCE

physical vigor, decent nervous RUNNER; ELWOOD ROMcontrol and poise, physical gameWARD;NEY, ALLCHRISTENSEN,AMERICAN FOR-U.

ness, intestinal fortitude and moral OF UTAH ALL AMERICAN

By G. OTTROMNEY

ATE ETE? quality, this distinguishing "plus,"Take the case of Frank Hatfield, last basketball game found his Boban inflammability of spirit. To me for instance. Frank was always at cats pitted against the Montana

it is the ability of the imagination his best in a pinch. He captained University Grizzlies in a contest

and the soul to catch afire and to both the football and basketball in which the Cats needed victory burn with a hot, red glow. It is teams at Montana State College to clinch the State title. But the

the susceptibility of the elements of and made All -Rocky Mountain Cats had left their basket eyes in personality to violent explosion honor teams in both sports. His the dresser drawer and only a dogunder challenging conditions. With ged defensive enabled them to end

it, men ordinarily average and comthe first half with a 1 2-6 lead. In

monplace rise to heights. They the second half only a single long

express themselves in heroic deeds. goal and a pair of free throws by

They fatten on adversity. They "Hattie's"team dispelled the bewelcome big challenges. They do

their best and a little more in crisis. They thrive on "toughgoing/'

It is just this quality which makes a Jonas, not simply a skillfull diagnostician of plays and a hard tackier and a good blocker, but an athlete who solves situations with greatest efficiency, tackles hardest and blocks most wisely in a pinch when it is most difficult to do and yet counts most. It makes a

Christenson plunge most viciously, kick farthest, and pass most cunningly when it pays the greatest dividend. /

It enables a Parkinson to dribble most brilliantly around the best opposition in the tightest period of | the most critical game, feint most cleverly and pass to the right teammate in the right spot or toss a hairraising unorthodox field goal which, mayhap, settles the issue.

T ET me be specific and tell a few tales of real athletes it has been my good fortune to have on teams which I have coached.

iilr*.{ 590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

lief of the home folks that a phanThe Frontispiece performers in dramatic roles the tom lid covered the Cat basket. kinky topknot of "Curly"Gardner, a Utahn through his high Gradually the "U"cut down By ALICE MERRILL HORNE

the lead. With five minutes to go JOSEPH F. RUSSON, the painter of school days, who was dedicated to

the score was 1615 for the Bob- J Sunny Path used as frontispiece for the the proposition that his teams were is to win, best October and Era, lover were a of meant Utah mountain and cats. Desperate were measures

scenery. paints landscape Russon and Mr. because helped win make them who necessary. Hatfield took the game still life well, he, equally perhaps, though will to do. was the he He had the is hands with life. still and in his own most doing rememhappy We State a quarterback Montana on ber delicious introduced aptly walnuts somegreatest desustained of spasm

fensive play, ball rustling, and in a choice still life, while flowers, College team in another of these victory cultivated, gratein both contests wild blossom door-die and which ball possession of the I havecanny is fully canvasses. his Mr. on Russon beyond sweet be to a promised atthe opposition yet seen he kept is art, teacher fact, in of of the head Art unthinkable. defeat and wordstack four to three hurconfined or the School. East Department of High He

ried long tosses and almost singleis father of a family of art lovers and artThe half ended with the Cats quar- 6-0. third the in ists. Late ahead three of sons, and Kay, Each Weston his institution another gavehanded

is gifted tines Stanley, to in the degree a the doing ter Gardner, was who gesture. as a partingchampionship they pursue. each generaling, as the as well punting, the mates then fans and hisBut by is school. the old Mr. of Russon Born line his yard 40 gambled on own in Lehi, E. the taught expected by superperform- of H. Eastmondalways

kicking before until fourth down University Brigham Young and instructedances of Frank—when they were out center was pass from by George Bridgman, Kenyon out. The Wm. Chase,necessary.

Cox, Frank Vincent Du Mond, at the Art of reach, but Gardner, realizing the

And Valery Glynn, another Student's League of New York, and studesperation of the situation and beart exhibits in the of public museums ifBobcat. There, one may use dent granted no an athlete who of far has England, Mr. Russon gone on ing parlance,a sporting was a "money"recovered quarter, the ball and atart the teacher's highway. have Hundreds

player. He, also, was selected Allenjoyed his art classes. tempted to evade a fast charging

Rocky Mountain in both football Mr. Russon married Lillian Repton, a line man to kick out of danger.

gracious his lady, inshares English who great he was andand basketball, entirely and the ball His foot missed life. terest in the art has Mr. Russon pitch to in baseball A.enough the scooped up opponent another the A. painted Atlantic seaboard both on and

ball for the San Francisco Seals. the Pacific coast, besides picturing the forball and crossed the chalklines for

In goas-youplease affairs when ests and glades of Utah's marvelous moun- a touchdown. Under the rules of

victory was cheap Glynn would tain scenes such as this subject for the that year it was legal for a deeither pass unnoticed, buried in Frontispiece painted near Brighton, Utah. fensive man to advance with a

mediocrity, or call attention to recovered fumble.

indifferhis apparenthimself by tied. score Gardner was The if laziness.ence, downright not captured the was Glynn next who betormented chagrined and was stakes the high were and tipoffBut when started the goalball and tears streamed words. Hot yond a critical, situations became hethe all five ward. the players of Now not his he cheeks, was but down athlete. a possessed, giant afire. wereman the The surspirit not crestfallen. gun—and His had episodes the flood dramatic of "Cats"From the had one point by won to his rushed rendered. up He gridscintillated hein decisive on which sent game which them urged and on captain plead and and

rises theiron, court their diamond, to and three consecutive way Conelect to captain the that demanded crucial basketball aoccasion of ference titles a and national repufor, as kickoff, receive the next court. foreign a on tation asgame one of the outstanding finally convinced him Gardner

college teams in the history of the and "Cat""Pop"Thompson score imthat back "We can get

Allsport. destined to become bothWard, if I mediately, to do have it myjust breakchoices, wereAmerican across my memself."polpLASHES next the were far froming in and

ory in this panorama of keyThis choice was definitelyished wizards they became. "Brick"

Breeden, equally as effective as the against my pregame instructions.

other two, was Glynn's mate on Because of our decidedly strong dethe guard line. Captain Winner fensive, our strong kicking game,

had spirit in keeping with his name and our none too smooth offensive, and was a steady, useful cog in a and the added fact that it was a strong machine. To the winner perfectly calm day, I had ordered

of this particular game, it was obthe captain to kick off whenever vious, would eventually go the the opportunity afforded. But

Rocky Mountain championship. there they were lined up to receive

left to play. minutesNine The the kick off and I was standing up

points in arrears. elevenBobcats

shaking vigorously the bench onThe issue apparently settled—but paid heed. The No one my head.for Glynn.

ball was in the air headed definitely

He prevailed on the captain to for Gardner on the 20 yard line.

situathe out.take time took He

it in his grasp and was He had of his intion Out own hands.

like a mates His man. the away madfervent, in inspired conference that

huddle emerged a reborn team. It wedged a nice opening and he was

was Glynn who tossed the first through the first line. There he

goal, a thriller from deep court. It JONAS, U. of U. ALLAMERICAN CENTER (Continued on page 632)

By J. MARINUSThe

JENSENOLD BAILEY

ES, sir!"dome, 195 feet high, on which the precept, that 'whatever is, is

Yes, sir!'stands a large bronze figure of right;'an aphorism that would be

Justice. as final as it is lazy, did it notV* "Yes, sir!"

consethe troublesome stately preinclude building was This quick in challenge The sharp ever quence, that nothing that of less imposofficers ceded a number by stalwart of threesuccession was, wrong."was all structures, the ing taking name, a standstill to brought the lawof interest objects the of Among fact the the that Bailey, from uncereOld were touriststhree who

atto the in Bailey Hallways Old in original or bailey located the the was through passingmoniously are visitor's the attention tract the city wall. the outer court of celeAd- Bailey, the of Olddoorway perroyal statues a of of number closely the Bailey joining and the Old as story history and inbrated

great criminal court of England. identified with it was Newgate sonages. There are Queen Mary,

referred to as "Bloody in sometimes in built prison, originally 1218 affirmaabashed by theSomewhat three Kings, Stuart James Mary;"portal gate of the the of the new andtivenegative reception,

II; Charles and I, Charles I, and city, the the hence In name. 1903 they that a realization tobrought

II later monarchs, William two finally deprison was Newgate England old conventional inwere greater III. of and William But historic stones molished, the the of the America, freeand-easy notand

are these significance of than any structure in the used being conand, apologized, entrantswouldbe regreat statues prison the of two struction Central Criminal the of tourists were that they forthsetting

Elizformers, and John Howard Court. Atlantic, side the of other thefrom

it rewill be Fry. abeth Howard, visit the Old desire toexpressed a neither present structure, the But eliminate did to membered, much the demeanor inBailey. change is it truly the that preceded nor A any jail prison in fever reforms through place took officers once at theof real Bailey. Bailey Old Old The free to innocent sanitation, and gave attitude challenging theand is identified institution, perhaps an been prisoners those and had who one fine courtesy. While a toway in buildings, in manifest but more their of detained imterm beyond secure to their went numberof inspirit great the a deeds of and for held paywere but prisonment official permission proper thefrom institution which expenses, of prison paying by ment stitution—an court the enter visitors tofor the stress struggle has through and jailors. salaries to Elizabeth Fry into invited another themroom, prison reforms, given and us alleviate to condition the did much the interest in objectsspect of the evolved order through has law and she prisoners, of women whomhallway. justice mercy. tempered with together in a crowdhuddled found

The incident is of more than ed and most unsanitary condition, passing significance in that it typi- T 1HAT the Old Bailey had not without employment, without fies not only the spirit of convenreached a high standard at the night clothes or bed clothes, sleeptionality but of respect for law and time of the French Revolution ing on the bare floor, cooking and order, the outgrowth of centuries would appear from the account washing, eating and sleeping in the of characterforming history. That Dickens gives us in his Tale of same apartment. At first, through

spirit, too, is reflected in the present Two Cities, in which he sets forth her influence, clothing was supstructure of the Old Bailey, opened that 'the jail was a vile place, in plied, then a school was established, in 1905, and known officially as which most kinds of debauchery a matron appointed, and other rethe Central Criminal Court. and villainy were practised, and forms effected.

It is an imposing block erected where dire diseases were bred, that A most important event in the at a cost of a quarter of a million came into court with the prisoners, development of the Old Bailey inpounds. Over the main entrance is and sometimes rushed straight from stitution of especial interest to

a sculptured group by Pomeroy the dock at my Lord Chief Justice Americans, is recorded on a hallrepresenting the Recording Angel, himself, and pulled him off the way tablet as follows:

supported by Fortitude and Truth. bench. It had more than once "Near this site William Penn

Below these figures is a motto taken happened, that the judge in the and William Mead were tried in from the seventysecond Psalm, black cap pronounced his own 1670 for preaching in an unlawful

Prayer Book version, "Defend the doom as certainly as the prisoner's, assembly in Grace Church Street.

children of the poor and punish and even died before him. AlThis tablet commemorates the

the wrong doer."Surmounting together, the Old Bailey, at that courage and endurance of the jury.

the structure is a coppercovered date, was a choice illustration of (Continued on page 618) 592 BOUQ By LILLIACE MITCHELL

IN THE ELEVATED TRAIN A FEW MOMENTS

LATER, JANE TERRILL EXAMINED HER FACE IN

THE MIRROR BESIDE HER.

L - HJjSBfESrT'S probably only a funds to get to Ohio. A year becase of your applying for the posifore if she found herself without

tion, Miss Terrill. Your experience funds between jobs she would have

fits you exactly for the work."Miss mentioned the matter to the placeexcuse me now. The personnel

Adams glanced up from the card ment woman at the agency. Then manager from the United Business

in her hand as she spoke. funds might have been advanced Clearing Houses is waiting to con-

—""ButbegantheJanedistanceTerrillfromwithChicagosome toIt herwas forquitea railroaddifferent.ticket.OneNow?had mefer knowwith me.at onceHerehowis theyou card.come Letout

hesitation in her voice. to "put up a front"as the woman on it, will you please? Goodbye!"

"Makes little or no difference,"candidly told her. An information clerk with her

finished Miss Adams neatly. "Life "Never go into a place looking hand on the tiny gate was waiting

is much the same in one place or shabby,"Miss Adams had told to show Jane to the door. It was,

another. Three meals a day, a Jane at another time. "That won't Jane thought dully, a very polite

pleasant walk, a visit now and get you any place these days. Look fashion of "shooing"a person out

again to the hairdressers'and someas if you had plenty of money. of the place. She glanced once

thing to read in the evening Look cheerful and poised and above more at the card. A secretary to

hello,"she broke off to say into the all wear good shoes and gloves."an advertising manager of a large

cradle telephone on her desk. "Oh Jane sighed. All of this was rubber company. Well, she

yes, Miss Aikens. Of course. Quite. true and no one knew it better than thought, she could certainly do that

Certainly, at once. Thanks."she. But when one has been out of job all right. She would have preJane Terrill sighed. It had not work for three months with no ferred to be secretary to a writer

been in her mind at all to complain encouraging word save: since that had been her previous

of this position in the Ohio town "Perhaps we shall communicate experience but her previous embecause of its distance from Chiwith you later, Miss Terrill."ployer had written a good many

cago. Jane Terrill had no ties Well, who could keep smiling advertising booklets. As a conseanyplace. She would be quite as under those circumstances? quence Jane Terrill knew the mercontent to live in Portland, Maine "It's the only thing in this chandising angle well and could

or Portland, Oregon if only she morning, Miss Terrill. You had take this position if—if she had

could maintain herself. Her combetter forget your prejudice against the money for a ticket to get to

plaint about the distance was due places smaller than Chicago and Ohio!

wholly and solely to her lack of take it. I shall have to ask you to "No money, no ticket,"she said

UET FOR JANE to herself as she rode to the street slowly, "that coincidences happen I HE remark apparently floor in the swiftlydropping exonly in fiction stories! Why, after surprised the hostess quite as much

press elevator. "No ticket, no job! this I could almost believe in fairy as it surprised Jane herself. She

Four dollars and eightyfive cents stories!"had had no intention whatever of

in my purse, nothing in the bank. She felt dizzy and almost weak. saying those words. Her hand

Well, it doesn't look so jolly, Janie, She could go to Ohio. She could trembled as she cleared the tray of

my girl!"she assured herself grimget this position with her excellent its burden before she placed it on

ly as she walked past the elevator references and recommendations. an empty nearby table for the

starter unseeingly. She would again be with that waitress. With red face she glanced

happy crowd of young people who at the hostess who was now speak-

X"OR all that, her head go forth each morning to a "job"ing in low tones to the checker.

was up and her lips smiling as she and come home at night with a Jane felt that perhaps they were went towards the revolving door. day's work well done. She put her discussing the mental vigor of one

Jane had forced herself to look hand up to her forehead and found who seemed so excited about going cheerful ever since the day Miss that there were beads of perspirato Ohio!

Adams had told her she was looktion standing there. Almost meThen she opened the envelope

ing too downhearted for any emchanically she turned into the once more and examined the conployer to want her around an ofrestaurant next door where one tents thoroughly. Upon unfolding

fice. Just inside the door she paused picked up a metal tray and a table the ticket she found that there were

an instant. Where would she go napkin filled with knife, fork and two reservations folded together in-.

now? Mentally she ran over the two spoons. With precision born stead of merely one. Two people,

list of agencies with which she was of long practise, Jane picked up the then, had been going on some trip "registered."She had been to each tray and silver and started down to New York City! Jane stopped

one that morning. It would be the narrow aisle with its ivory colto think an instant. She did not

useless to go in again on the same ored wall on one side and its steam feel so happy now, so cheerful.

day. It irritated the placement table of food on the other. Rolls, There were other little notations on

woman if one stayed in the office salads and oysters, roast beef lying slips of paper. Airport stations

too long. amiably beneath the poised knife and the tariff between Los Angeles

Jane had been looking into the of a plump carving woman, pies and Chicago via plane, a notation florist window which had a display and whipped cream desserts, cake on Bali and the name of a shop in

Jane "Lost,"said case in the building. of the lobby and swiftly Constantinople. passed milk—Jane wealthy grimly, "by someone along, looking of been aware not this, indicating She had picking up

at anything but now she saw the that with a slender finger now unenough to travel here, there and florist peering out at her from begloved. The checker at the desk everywhere!"

hind a tall vase of scarlet roses and looked at her sharply. "Being poor is bad enough,"said

she turned away instantly. With The "hostess"who was really Jane to herself defiantly, "but be-

a quick push at the unmoving re- a feminine head "waiter"stepped ing poor and out of a job, too, are volving door she started out to the forward. "May I help you with just unbearable companions! Let

street. your tray?"she asked softly. this person who is wealthy enough

Suddenly her foot struck someJane looked at her in amazeto travel by airplane buy more tickets! This is my only real thing and she stumbled. On the ment. In all of the times Jane had

street side she kicked out the ofeaten at this cafeteria no one had chance at a job and I'm going to fending blockade. Someone might ever before offered to carry her tray. take it!"

fall on that in running through the She laughed inwardly as she Take it! The words echoed undoor she thought. She was about thought that now she must have pleasantly in her ears. Then they

to go on when her eye sought the the look of a "moneyed"customer seemed to resolve themselves into article she had kicked. A thick enwho must be catered to and treated other words like a chord that prosize her eye. of legal velope caught firstthird-fifth the from with deference! Then she shook gresses

picked Stooping, it up. Jane firstthe fourthsixth chord to her head.

flap the unsealed with It was a swift of with blending major sit here, to going right "I'm in the contents turned in to hold fifths thirds cainto and minor thanks,"Jane remarked an with place. corner there the no was On it! it? dences. Steal Take Take at careless casual. attempt being and there nor stamp and any was name it, in other she words, thought voice, surHer however, trembled it address. in over her Turning lips the corners tighther with of ears. prisingly in her own inside. slowly, looked Jane hand into picture. ening unpleasant an

With her breath coming gaspingly "You don't,"persisted the She had set her tray on one of she saw a long ticket and on it was hostess gently, "feel faint or anythose little nook tables where a wall stamped: thing?"mirror makes the room seem twice

CHICAGO to NEW YORK, N. Y. "No,"said Jane shortly. "I'm as large. Now she caught sight of

"And they say,"breathed Jane going to Ohio!"(Continued on page 636)

.

TRIAL one

By VESTA P. CRAWFORD

Struggling writers—and most of them are struggling these days if they have to depend at all upon their

writings for a livelihood—will find in this article by

Mrs. Crawford some most interesting history', if not

suggestions

velope contains a check or just anFrom the above resume of other prodigal manuscript. wealth, it is plain to see that I am

A little more than two years still in the literary foothills—but

ago I began sending material of even foothills can be alluring. I

various types to markets outside know a girl who gets between of Utah. In the past twentyfour $500.00 and $1,000.00 for every

months I have sold eighty articles story she sells. Last summer she

(averaging about 1,000 words in took her husband to Europe. Until

length), five short stories, and eight very recently my husband has had poems. I've sold something every to pay the postage for my fleet of

month for more than two years, manuscripts.

but the highest monthly income But writing is fun, and out of has been fifty dollars—the lowest my short but speckled experience,

a dollar and a half. I suggest the following course of

procedure for amateurs who want to write:

It will be before a long time most secretary, afford a us canTOa meprocessthis writingof trial gameand iserror,still of 1. Learn to play a typewriter. private

mostly error. Not long ago and editors (so I hear) will not

ten of my traveling manuscripts even touch a longhand manuscript.

came home in one day. The postman always laughs when he sees 2. Subscribe for one or more of

me, for he knows what returned the professional magazines or read manuscripts look like. There's them at the library:

one great comfort, though, I always The Author and Journalist get some mail. With between VESTA PIERCE CRAWFORD ($2.00 per year), 1839 Champa

twentyfive and fifty miscellaneous AND DAUGHTER Street, Denver, Colorado. (Parcontributions in circulation, I can "\'JESTA PIERCE CRAWFORD, ticularly helpful to western writbe reasonably sure of at least one wife of Dr. Arthur L. Crawers.)

the ford, University faculty of the of per collection Writer's of Digest perreturn day. The ($2.00 My

of Gunnison came Utah, from up year), to regret"cards East Cin12th Street, bulky 22 is too"We University. to She Brigham Young

cinnati, valuable very Ohio. notkeep anyway. and that institution graduated was from

But sometimes luck walks right in 1923. In 1926 she registered at The Writer's Monthly ($3.00

up the front steps and a long thin Stanford and later went with her per year), The Home Correspondence School, Springfield Mass.envelope falls through the slot in husbandming whereto thesheUniversitystudied offorWyoand

the door. Sitting at the typewriter, received her Master's degree. English The Writer ($3.00 per year),

I can look across the room and was her major. Harvard Square, Cambridge, Mass.

know instantly whether an en- (Continued on page 629)

But YouWere BORN TO INSPIRE By S. BOYERINSPIRATION is the most leavCLAIRE

ening quality in human relationships, discouragement is the most deadly. It is the parent who This article is in direct

says, "Of course you can do it,"reply to one -printed in that is blessed with the ingenious the June number of thischild. It is the teacher who hasfaith in the students'ability that magazine—"Born to

is rewarded with superior responses. Write "by F. Howard

It is the moralist who recognizes and challenges the divine in man Forsyth. Those interestthat has the joy of seeing that died in writing would do

vinity in operation. Thanks to well to read Mr. Forpsychology the negative method of

teaching is becoming passe. The syth's article before readunknown or X quality within each ing this one. Mrs.Boyer

of us makes it impossible for any individual to be put into a formula. is so well known in writNo one can estimate another's posing circles in this section

sibilities. Some of the best ideas of the country that she

have come from the minds of people with apparently low capacities. needs no further introProdigies have faded out. Successduction. q'K-'Sfiggi

ful lives have often been accredited to the inspiration of one sentence or to the faith of one friend. beings for our own enrichment.

What our lives most need is more Why can we not hope to pass on and better inspiration. Our salthat precious possession to others? of perfecting. Thanks to the

vation lies in giving less attention What joy can be in discouraging "stories of great writers who have to our possessive impulses and more those who hope. There is no huapparently risen in the face of every

to our creative impulses. But if man being who has not some gift conceivable opposition!"Writers

we are led to believe in the archaic of thought or feeling worth offerneed the stimulus of such stories.

theory that some were endowed ing. "He that hath gifts and uses "Who builds no castles in the air

with gifts while others were left them not is a traitor to his race and builds no castles anywhere."

barren, how can we even hope. And a sinner against divine providence. Thanks to editors again for the

bereft of hope we are poor indeed. Pessimism is an insult to the Almany courses they offer which give

On the other hand if we believe mighty Spirit of Goodness."glowing promises. We need rainwe have untold possibilities within It has been statistically stated bows even if they last but a short

us awaiting the magic stimulus, we that one of every four women could time. If the completion of the

are ready for achievement. Half write and one of every ten men. course does not make a writer, at

of success lies in the good beginNow the one woman and the one least it has accomplished an imning, and the good beginning is man of this fourteen may not be portant thing—it has given a

composed of hope and faith. certain to arrive, but if they do not dream of perfection or a warning

The word genius means spirit. It it will be more likely to be because of flaws. I have never seen a peris spirit that creates. The spirit of of a lack of enthusiasm and person who completed a course in

God was great enough to create a sistence than a lack of ability. writing who did not admit its

universe. Our spirits being lesser In the apprenticeship of writing worrh.

create only in proportion to our there is need of constant inspiration Certainly the writing game is spirit strength. Why then should so that enthusiasm may be reborn, discouraging. So is every other

we not seek the sunshine and dew ever and again, so that persistence worthy undertaking. And if the

given by the more spirited human will perfect and enjoy the process (Continued on page 635)

Mm:i By EDITH CHERRINGTON

THE PASSING

so very small,CHE was so little—oh

My palm could hold the tiny shoes she wore;

She ran them through, and yet she was not tall

Enough to turn the handle of the door.

She would call to me to "Open please!"

through. hurry sunshine like she would the Then

* * as these * * such are memories all I haveNow

I was so foolish then, I never knewHer call of "Open please"could reach so far, LOST

Or angels hear a voice so small and thin. DRINT on your memory each little way

And yet an angel set the gate ajar That you will be most eager to remember.

And she, who stood there waiting, passed within. Mark how an errant lock of hair would stray

How brown small arms become before September.

Count each beloved trait for fear you part,

For time and fate still have the power to lift

A treasure from against a tortured heart

And suddenly your scheme of life may shift

Then you will stand alone and gaze in space,

Trying so hard * * so hard to make more plain

The image of a sleeping baby face,

Your hand against the breast where it has lain.

GOODNIGHT

CHE sleeps * * * She sleeps beyond the reach of fears.

She shall not age nor fade nor know defeat,

For her no grief or rending sorrow nears,

She shall remain as now—divinely sweet,

Lovely and pure as is the budding rose

Whose unfurled petals never wilt or fall,

Smiling she sleeps. Her weary eyelids close.

She shall not know of sin or shame at all.

Behind the mask of death her small mouth keeps

That happy welcome and her flashing smile.

Waiting the morning light she sleeps * * she sleeps

Good night! * * *

Goodbye * * * for just a little while.

Reminiscences of CharlesW. Nibleu

This article concludes the series of reminiscences of President

Nibley which have been made available for use in this magazine by

Preston Nibley, son of the late -president. These -pioneer pictures of

life in Cache Valley three quarters of a century ago we thought would be interesting to the entire Church membership. (iThe boy is father to

the man"therefore we wished to present some of the materials which went into the making of the later great pioneer organizer and merchant.

completed about the same Winter came on, however, soon, and I had to borrow the privilege of reading from one of the boys of time a little stockyard or and put an end to that. My mother

spell I the class or to school. a day's could used out go washandWE do shed small corral a with flour take school there here the ing and we whole and when down

cattle from protect ourthat would I 1 spelling her pay. pounds had bees and Usually somehow 22 in for succeededthe storm. we And full as examples, for a flour in or could sums, of payment work was from loads of haygetting few up a call to them, old used day's washing. which hard Poor we

east of and norththe bottoms struggled himself could she Brother and mother, Leishman how cattle might that ourWellsville, all quite master. a school not us slaved to bring Such and worked

It winter. was for thesubsist on less far very put or not up. did on anyone She would washing more winter winter. dreary Thata long all winter for the that the road for education. Bankheads

following we winter theand I to It still as keep helped remember.

a It was dugout. the inlived the us eating that main was and sufficient to did not TA7"E have hay for severest kind the ofscramble get struggle at just that all cattle sent feed so our we time—to at to begin existence. merea How eat. I old to something had an cattle a that herd of one with yoke things and of beginning verythe that pair of shoes homemade It the into going promontory. was food earth produce you themake I I winter, got but do them how deterlike luck seemed was bad ex- a shelter such new wasand It least in the remember. was not us, bringing in to for follow mined that severe a one suchperience and coat. I after a years before ever had cattle the the promonfrom home it. forgot folks never olderthe

1 I I I years old 6 think was when there spring, tory in one the ox was trade to managed we Somehow first to coat. that Previous had my of in out River Bear drowned and little built afor and wheat we some shirt a I but nothing and had had all cattle that the hapherd of big corner in one boards somebin with overalls. pair a or of pants My same ox. to be pened our That in our wheat put the dugout andof

sisters, hired Margaret, and Mary laid of winter our cows one had ourthis the made wheat bin and on different village in to the people out little stall in her narrow and down is the hardest aboutbeds. Wheat little their very got and board and tied securely she although with was ever I sleep that havestuff to on else beside. yet the a rope horns, by somehowexperienced.

After we had been in Wellsville Brother James A. Leishman she had got her neck twisted so

about thirty days and I had been tried to teach school in the log that her head was under her body gleaning wheat and herding cows meeting house that stood in the in some shape and there she died.

during that time, old Brother John street not far north of where Bishop So that by spring we were consider-

H. Bankhead hired me to herd his Maughan's old home stands, ably poorer than we were when we

sheep on the hills southeast of (where Aunt Margaret lives at this landed in the fall. But we were

. But Brother Leishman, gaining experience and were a littleWellsville. We did not dare to go time)

very far from the fort as there was while he did his best, knew very more able to hold our own and too much danger from the Indians little about school teaching. The wrest from the earth some kind of

during the first settlement of the only books I had were a Webster a scanty livelihood.

valley and indeed we did not need spelling book and a Greenleaf The long winter nights and to go far because feed was abundarithmetic, which we had brought without any amusement and withant. This was my second job of from the states. Our reading lessons out books to read, made life seem

work in Wellsville. were from the Book of Mormon quite dreary. There was, however,

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

some kind of amusements going settlers in the village the second gaged in helping milk the cows, on, chiefly dances in the log meetyear. The first year there were churn the butter, keep the calves

ing house. There was a brother the Stoddards, Leishmans and Wilherded or away from the cows and

who could play the fiddle a little liamsons and one or two other helping to look after the sheep.

bit (Samuel Ames) and he was Scotch families, and the second year Bankheads were the rich family of kept pretty busy furnishing music there were added the Murrays and the valley at that time. Among

for the dances. Then there would Kerrs and Jardines and others, so other property, they owned two

be little gatherings at this hut or that Wellsville was really the men negroes, Nate and Sam. It

house, or the other, a few families Scotch town of the north country. seems like harking a long way back

called in to spend the evening As soon as spring came we were to the days of slavery, but negro which would help to while away busily engaged trying to plow slavery was actually the law of the time. some ground and plant a field of the land and practiced to a small

But I can remember how, long wheat. This was in the spring of extent in 1860 and 1861 and 1862

before daylight would come, my 1861. Lincoln had been elected in Cache Valley. I felt quite elated

father was up, tired lying on his in November, 1860, and in the when I could sleep with big Nate, hard bed and moving the quilt to spring of 1861 all the news we got the big black negro that Bankhead one side, peering out into the darkfrom the states was of the coming owned. Old Sam used to ask me

ness, I have heard him exclaim, great war between the North and if I had read any news of "de "It's eternal darkness here."the South. We had no newspapers wah,"and I can remember very

That winter everybody in of any kind. Indeed during the well him saying at one time, "My

Wellsville had the itch. Of course, first year or perhaps two, of our God, I hope de Souf get licked."

we were included in the number. existence in Wellsville, I don't reOnly once did I see the old man

There were no vegetables except member that we ever received or Bankhead get angry at his slaves, potatoes; there were no lemons or wrote a single letter. There were and at that time he tore around

acids to counteract the acid in the no mail routes established during pretty lively and threatened to blood, so it broke out in hives or the first season and letters were horsewhip them to death if they itch. Old Davy Moffat who carried by anybody going or comdidn't mend their ways. Once I

crossed the plains in the handcart ing. was careless enough to let the calves,

company that same summer that a dozen or so of them, get out of we came, left his home in Salt Lake T GOT a job doing chores at Banktheir pens and into the yard with and somehow or other landed in heads. It gave me my board and the cows, and of course they got all

Wellsville as he had no work to do, I suppose I must have earned a little the milk. And milk was money

merely came up to visit us. We flour or perhaps I was able to earn in those days. The old gentleman

entertained him of course the best a couple of head of sheep which he Bankhead was so wrathy at me paid me for my work. I was en- (Continued on page 601)we could in our dugout—fancy

entertainingthat—and whileanybodywe indida placenot havelike

any Christmas present to give him, we did manage to give him the itch.

after a shortHe went home visit k HALLOWE'EN later a littleand McCarty Johnny was making a trip to Salt Lake for By RENA STOTENBURG TRAVAIS something or other and I begged the privilege of going with him and (""NE night we keep, mid all the toil and stress, "face together; that all the worries we Mid ifseeing get I could not work. We

that press, doubts that rise, spite fears and of In in to Saltgot City due time Lake seas, gloomy weather; dark and and troubled And stayed atand and I went down seen all have that the joy Because we ofMoffats, in the Third Ward. down Hallowe'en. glad will on gay be and We to goingI remember Walker

Brothers Store one and asking hold, whatever night life may of One we guard, brothers if theythe Walker would tellers, fortune Its of hooded memories not hire a boy to help do chores or Of cats and pumpkins, goblins blithe and bold help do clerking in the store, but And ghosts that had their place in halls and cellars;

they said they were not in need of And our first kiss, nothing can intervene any help just at that time. At To mar the glory of that Hallowe'en.

Moffats in the evening old Davy would be scratching his back, and One night we keep, we've sometimes missed the way,

I remember very well him saying to And failed to grasp the once expected treasure, me, "Mon, when you gang hame There have been griefs to bear, as locks grew gray, tell your faather (and this while And looking back, some pains with all our pleasures.

he was scratching away at his back) But love has never failed, through years between tell your faather to send me doon That magic moment, and this Hallowe'en.

a muckle hawthorne stick."

I do not recall how I worked my way back home to Wellsville.

The second winter we spent in our dugout was much like the first, although there were many more Home, a Danger Zone for

WO-Y EARfortunate possible of such an outcome Letty OLD Accidents experience. was restless. AT a forsuch Where morningstormy From

kept her from going eign body as the

Brothof doors.out at Medical Staff and Health Service sumablystraight pinenteredhas pre-a sister wereer and

patient little lung, theschool. The

at to her of the Brigham Young University should lie down,one clung mother's dress. Her least flat, or better

few scattered toys had lost attracpopcorn not infrequently occur as with the head and shoulders lower tion, and she coaxingly pleaded: foreign bodies in passages to the than the rest of the body. This

"Mummy play, Mummy play."lungs. Loose dental appliances, may help to keep the pin from

"Oh, honey, mummy has work as bridges, fillings, caps, and even reaching the very small tubules beto do,"said her mother. "Here, partial plates, owing to looseness fore it can be found and removed,

thread the buttons on a string for of fit, may be inspired into the "Wolfing,"or rapid eating of mummy."lungs. food which may contain bones,

And she extracted from her sewfruit stones, or other solid maprolific source of such terials, is pastime. assorted a Esbut- a dangerous basketing box of Ax MOST - x is pecially accidents this true intrigu is the almost unbreaktons. where lively buttons were The

ing, and Baby Letty was absorbed able habit, indulged in by women, conversation and laughter are for a time. Then there occurred a upholsterers, cobblers, and carmixed with the bolted food. Not

startling paroxysm of coughing, penters, of using the mouth as a infrequently, material is gotten infollowed by a wheezing struggle receptacle for pins, tacks, and to the bronchial tubes in this way.

for air. small nails. With such objects in More often pieces of bone or fruit

Two hours later, at a hospital, the mouth, any sudden inspiration, stones, too large to pass down the the doctor removed a brightly colas always precedes speaking quickly esophagus are swallowed and find ored button from one of the or laughing, will stand great chance lodgement there, bronchial tubes meant to carry air of drawing one or more of them Even the sophisticated specialto the baby's lungs. Pale and exinto the lungs. Women are espeist must occasionally be surprised

hausted the little one had lost all daily obstinate in this practice, and at the size of objects he finds fast interest in "play."no amount of teaching or remindin the gullet. The largest of

Such a story, with variations in ing seems to make them remember Elberta peach stones frequently age of child, type of foreign body, not to do it. Most often too, they have to be released from where

and outcome of the accident, is reuse the small, straight pins, which, their sharp spines effectually prepeated at least several times each of all foreign bodies to enter the vent their passing on down the year in almost every locality. Parlungs, are the most difficult to canal. Onehalf the breast bone

ents often give coins to young chilbring back. This is because of of a fair sized chicken is not undren as play things. These are their small size which permits them commonly involved in such a probmost frequently swallowed. Should to enter the little branches of lem; and the vertebrae of large

it be a penny, nickel or dime, it bronchi, approaching outermost halibut or salmon quite often occur will probably go down the esolimits of the lungs. When so lothere.

phagus and through the digestive cated, approach to them, even with All of these accidents bespeak tract without inconvenience. A the finest instruments, is only poscarelessness. Carelessness which

quarter, a half, or a dollar, is alsible with super-X-ray equipment takes a heavy annual toll in human most certain to lodge in the upper and a superskilled surgeon such life and human misery. It seems

part of the esophagus, where a as perhaps only one or two cities entirely safe to say that if proper muscular narrowing of this tube is in the nation can provide. preventive care were taken, at least

present. Food may go past it, to Recently a young girl and her 90 per cent of all such happenings

a moderate extent, and its presence beau, acutely frightened, consulted could be avoided. That means

be unsuspected until serious symp- a physician because of her having care not to give children playtoms arise. With very young chilgotten a pin into the lung. Their things they can put into their

dren, even smaller coins may lodge, story was that she had the pin in mouths; not to leave coins, butThe writer saw a child who had a her mouth when her companion, tons, or other small, attractive obpenny lodged in this location for coming up from behind, playfully jects where the young child can get

two years, while various doctors slapped her upon the back. Rethem; a measure of precaution and

had been consulted in an effort to suited a sudden momentary chokdeliberateness in eating, especially overcome the steadily increasing ing and the pin disappeared. Hapwhere food contains bones, seeds,

loss of weight, pallor, and general pily for her, while having an X-ray etc.; and more attention to avoidlassitude. examination, she coughed up the leaving such things as safety pins—Trinkets from prize packages of offending object. This is the most particularly open ones—lying

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

within a child's reach. Children blind orb, even if it does not have immediate healing powers for simwill put those objects into their to be removed entirely. ple or first degree burns. For

mouths, and the open safety pin, Scissors provided for young treatment of mild burns, it is quite going down point upward, as it children should invariably be of satisfactory. For severe ones it

does, constitutes, even in the most the kind having rounded, and not will give speedy relief from pain skilled hands, a distinct hazard to pointed, ends. These are much less until the doctor arrives.

life, when it has to be removed deadly. Ice picks, sharp knives, Chemical burns are not unheard

from lungs or esophagus. pocket knives, and all other such of in the home, as well as in laborpotentially dangerous instruments atory and industrial plant. The

CMALL metallic foreign bodies should be kept from the child until one most important at home is that may enter the lung, and after it has been effectually taught their produced by lye and the various the initial choking and coughing, dangers and how to use them washing preparations. It usually

cause no more apparent difficulty properly. occurs from a child drinking the

for a few days to some weeks. Then "DURNS are of frequent occurrence fluid, and results in destruction of

the esophagus particularly. Somethere begins a cough—a cough in the home, and affect not

which persists despite all attempts only children, but any member of times holes are burned right to relieve it, until the object is rethe family. Again carelessness, or through the gullet wall and death

moved. Where a tooth or piece of thoughtlessness, accounts for most supervenes. Where the victim rescarring covers is lost, such a burn, fromtooth at extraction, and of them. Cleaning of clothes with

is severe, its scar of thisfinds and contraction into the the lung; way gasoline fluid or other inflammable

tissue later is brings interference with likelycough to begin a within is increasingly source an common leading to eventual swallowing, ofweek, and the an abscess lung serious burns. of here hazard The

starvation, unless is given treatmentusually develops, unless the foreign is greater too, because the exmuch dilate restore canal. to the and extricated.body is soon fire sets plosion often to the home

is acid splashed or alkali Where serious of all foreign Most bodies it is well. as if to Such be work,

into out it should be an eye,getting washed into the lungs are those attempted should be at home, done quickly the eye water, with andcomprised of vegetable matter such air, in only the open and not withoil, full until the kept of castor carrot,as pieces of apple, raw popart house. of the in any

tato, beans and nuts. So commonly A vessel containing boiling water doctor can be reached.

have peanuts been encountered in is sometimes set down upon the this role that the resulting illness floor, tot a little tips it either and Petunias forwas a time called "peanut it. falls over or into a Again J. POULSENbronchitis."Perhaps because of mother places such a vessel near the By EZRA

their smooth surface and brittle edge of a table or stand, and baby TDETUNIA beds or borders can be makeup, these nuts seem especially pulls it off to receive a severe burn. made one of the most attractive

prone to being inspired into the Whether a given burn is severe or features of the flower garden. There

lungs of children. mild, it is always accompanied by are always walks, artificial ponds, or

Within a few hours following excruciating pain, and some efficaat least convenient corners where these to plants manycolored can used besuch accident, an the vegewhere cious at should for remedy be hand advantage. istable material not coughed up application. immediate Among flower, this ranging year simple Eachor there removed, a develops genpreparations offered for this purits all varigations, pleasant througheral illness of It degree. grave has is pose called picrate one butesin is violet, to deep white from becoming saidbeen that the the inyounger ointment, to seems superior which is Its popular. beauty remarkmore

lessdividual the recovery; chance of all others for available it is use in able, cultivate, to since easy home and

and many babies have lost their its speed of relief from pain, and its thrives well in any good garden soil. it

lives in this way. However, much The petunia blooms through most

can be done, if prompt action is of the summer, and well into the fall.taken. Should a child—or adult The rich variety of colors reflectingfor that matter—choke momeninto the water of a pool, or scattered

tarily upon some such material throughout the rugged spaces of a rock then seem even a little "wheezy"garden produce an effect not easily forin breathing afterward, or feel disgotten. Likewise a strip of barren

comfort in the chest, competent fence or the side of a garage is much help should at once be sought. improved when seen above a fresh

Among other common accidents healthyThe plantspetuniaareborder.propagated by cutoccurring in the home are those intings put in pots in August, and set

volving misuse of sharp and pointout in the open in the late spring.

ed instruments. Ordinary scissors Naturally the plants can be secured

are left where young children can from any greenhouse for very little, and get them. A child, holding scissors after the first season's growth, new

points upward, jumps off a high cuttings can be made for the following seat, stumbles, or unseeingly colseason if desired.

lides with door jamb or furniture, rietyEithermay betheused;singlebutorsincethe thedoubledoublesvaand a puncture wound results. are more luxuriant, they are the favorWith almost unbelievable freites. Petunias should have a definite

quency, the site of injury is an eye. place in the plans for the flower garden

All too often the eye ball is cut "SUN FLOWERS,"BY DR. WAYNE B. HALES next year. (See picture on Table of

open, leaving an unsightly and Contents page.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 601

Reminiscences of orfor perhapsa little threada pair orof a shoeslittle calicowhen waysof a jobdid managewhich I tocouldget someworkkindat.

for sumpaid in sheep I was peddler wagon should come my just I forgetCharles W. Nibley somealong. herding. what mer's

(Continued from page 598) number, and I got my board and & -4f T'HE second winter found us still what lodging there was in a wagon that, "If this should ever happen in our dugout home. There were box, and earned a little something.

again,"he said, "I am damned if no Sunday Schools or Mutual ImOne could hardly believe it, but

I don't want you to leave the planprovement Associations, no any- I could pick out each man's sheep tation."thing, but the weekly meetings and in the herd. As a general thing all

Along in July in 1861 we began the everlasting dance. During the sheep look alike but I knew everyto get some new potatoes and green second winter Brothers Rigby, Mitbody's sheep and could pick them

peas in the little garden that my ten, Bradshaw and John Thorpe, out for them at once. I could tell

father had, which was well cultiwho, by the way, is still living in many of them by their bleat. Lyvated. It seemed like I never could Logan (1915) organized a little ing in bed at night and hear a sheep

get enough of green peas. I would theatrical company. A stage was bleat out, I could say to Dykes or

lie out in the patch on the ground fixed up at one end of the log meetDavis, who happened to be with and eat peas until I nearly burst. ing house and what with the help me, that is so and so's wether or

During that summer we were of a few quilts for scenery, theatriewe.

engaged at work more or less on the cals were undertaken. I was called That summer I got hold of a

Hyrum and Wellsville Canal that on to play the child in "The Charcopy of Burns'poems and I would

I was drivingbrings the water from the Muddy coal Burner,"the first play they carry it with me as

I committedor little Bear River onto the Wellsbrought out. There was not much my sheep about and

ville east field, which the county to the part but I seemed to do it many of these poems to memory.

Baxter some was with me who called that so well always on Bob they runsroad through. The man who

that of the is wont time summer large for parts that I was me dirt shovel orcould out the most cut the most hay or grain, or bring enough to fill, during the next two to tell even to this day that while the largest load of logs or wood or three years. I suppose there he was fooling away his time playfrom the canyon was the hero of never was any worse acting on any ing, I was studying Burns'poems

the community in those times. It stage than could be seen there, but and reading every other book that

was not brain or intellect or any it was a change from the dance, and I could get hold of. It was easy

read talk to Scotch and for me as it as it was, was, or bad poor itgreat attainments, was just who it all I did enjoy always and the the people and Scotch enjoyed changecould work. do the most 12 At

years of age, as I was then, I was it was a step in the direction of thoroughly.

small even for my age and was not culture. The rattlesnakes were pretty

equal to hard work. But I can re- I borrowed from one of the Mitplentiful on the upper benches that

member working on that water ten boys a book of Shakespeare's summer and I recollect one instance ditch and being a good mimic, I plays, the first I had ever seen, and of killing the largest rattlesnake I had all the men rolling with laughalthough I had never been in a ever saw. I had no stick but there

ter at my mimicry of this man or theatre, had never seen a play perwere plenty of stones which I kept the other who would brag about formed, yet I took so to those plays picking up and throwing at him the amount of shoveling he could of Shakespeare that I read and reand instead of him running away do. I was better at mimicking than read them and committed many from me, he would spring directly

I was at working. passages to memory, which I can toward me, but I kept out of his

By this time we began to gather bring forward even to this day. way far enough and kept pelting

around us a few chickens and a The next spring, 1862, it was away at him until I finally killed pig or two. Eggs and butter were decided that all the sheep in the him.

the chief currency of the country. town should be taken in one herd One morning in the fall of the

There was no such thing as money. and kept on the range between year we woke up early and looked

I don't think we saw a dollar in Wellsville and Mendon. Two out from our wagon box over the

money in the first two years we men living in town, Phillip Dykes country to the north of us and we were in Cache Valley. Wheat was and Thomas Davis, were awarded saw a great big grizzly bear, the

$2 a bushel and it was considered the contract to. take care of these largest one I ever saw wild, coming

that a bushel of wheat was paysheep until fall. I hired out at up out of the carrot patch below

ment for a good day's work. once to Dykes and Davis to look Gardner's creek, where he had been

We traded around and got some after the sheep during the day time. feeding during the night, and was

hay land and we had the farm land Our camp was at Gardner's Spring, now making for the mountains.

from Stoddard so that we were just half way between Wellsville and We did not disturb him but just beginning to understand what it Mendon, just on the County let him go leisurely on his way.

took to get a livelihood right from Road. It was a little dangerous to tackle

the very elements. It was a good We had a wagon box to sleep in him.

experience all that, even if it was and either Dykes or Davis would hard. There was not much butter come out each night and sleep at TN the fall the woh'es were

for us to eat, and rarely indeed did the camp, for it was considered unnumerous and once in a while we ever have an egg to eat. Mother safe to leave me there alone. But would get one of ont sheep. I

was extra thrifty and the eggs and I was alone during the entire day. remember one evening after sunmost of what little butter was There were not many jobs to down I had driven my sheep ahead

made, had to be kept to exchange pick from in those days but I alof me down from the bench and 602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

had foolishly loitered along, when potatoes or other supplies that we ning to learn the ways and methods looking back I saw five large gray had to sell and pay in gold dust at of the western wilds. My father

wolves sneaking up after me. I $20 an ounce. Every trader had made a garden of the acre and a

was very much frightened and com- a pair of gold scales to weigh the quarter lot which he kept and immenced to yell for my dog as gold dust out for payment of supproved until his death and such a though I had a dog with me, which plies purchased. That was the garden was rarely, if ever, seen, in

I did not, but tried to frighten them first thing in the shape of money that part of the country. The land

with the idea that the dog was that we had seen and we did not produced immensely and my father coming, but they did not retreat get very much of a share of that worked in it from early morning very much, they would merely turn but we did get a little. until late at night. It was slow

their heads around, then come During that summer I had for plodding work, just the kind that it all thedown a few steps towards me. I some reason or other, which I do suited him and he kept at

got down under the bench and then not now remember, been sent over time.

ran as fast as I could for the camp. to Logan on some errand. I had The only habit that I ever knew

On another occasion we were no horse to ride, so walked over of, which he had that could be sitting in our wagon box eating our and back. On the return trip a condemned, was that he would

breakfast, Mr. Dykes and I. The large body of Indians which had smoke an old clay pipe. He got

box was put upon some sticks camped away from the settlement hold of some tobacco seed and he which raised it about a foot from for some time, and were reasonably grew a little patch of tobacco plants the ground. I noticed Dykes kept peaceable, had broken camp and which did very well in that climate.

looking through a crack in the were that afternoon going towards He dried the leaves and hung them wagon box floor, right under where Logan on the County Road. I was up in a little smoke house and made

I was sitting. Finally he said, a little fellow thirteen years of age, of them fairly good smoking to-

"Charlie, don't move,"and he on foot and alone, and I must conbacco, so I have been told. But

pulled his gun out and shot fess I was rather frightened at the some years after, I have heard my through the crack in the floor and way some of those young bucks on mother tell that one day she said killed a great big rattlesnake which their wild ponies would come fast to him, "I have no seen you smokwas curled up right under where I towards me as if to frighten me to ing, what have you din wi'your just answer pipe?"two His was death, as close, they then sitting and got eating breakfast.was my stoppet.""I've "For words, how their side horses swing to out one a in get while Once we would she asked. months long,""Some great laugh and at with enjoymenta large fish a prairie or or chicken there past,"was answered. he And scare the they given me. had Howsage a or hen wild cook duck and the mantelclay pipe his old on I I ever, entirely was knew powerit our campfire at the sheep on all time, in the piece plain view less all I and could do put was on feast.herd great a have and But it. touched never yet He he had a front bold toddle and home, oneating never bothered very me "I it say, as as to there laid much I did. which

little Imuch, whether or had is much master, will which you show or bad.or good always I was I."or you

little "\A7"E were a living more nowworried trying to about make in I passed of winter 1863 The in comfortably our twonew savesomething and something and taught called school, a was what log house, roomed beginwere andget in the ahead world. old Brother an Lawson by who

In the summer of 1862 Wellswas a cripple and knew very little ville broke up its old fort life and >:-..;:-..; of school teaching. I must have

the town was laid out in the wheat spent a few weeks of the winter in field where we owned five acres and that school but the chief enjoyment we secured our city lot just one I had was in the theatricals that block west of where the old Wellswere being presented.

ville meeting house now stands. The next summer was spent in

We had no government titles to working some little on our farm land in those days, indeed there or land, and again herding sheep, were no U. S. surveys for seven the second year for Dykes and

or eight years after that, until the Davis. I recollect that that sumrailroad got through, so that all mer I drove our yoke of oxen and

we had really was a "squatter's"we took two or three hundred right or claim. But those claims pounds of flour, my mother and I,

were all respected by everybody over to Logan and traded it for and were perfectly good. But we some calico and other little things

bought and sold and traded in, just she needed, which we bought at as though we had good title. William Jennings'store, which

That summer gold was discovwas being run by Henry Sadler, ered in Montana and there grew the same Henry Sadler who is now up quite a considerable trade in (1915) living in Salt Lake City.

flour and other provisions being But the next season Bishop shipped into Montana and being Maughan had secured a mail conpaid for in gold dust. Men would tract to carry the mail from Brigcome down from the mining camps A FLOWER OF THE DESERT TAKEN NEAR ham City to Wellsville and Logan.

with buckskin sacks full of gold SILVER CITY, NEW MEXICO I drove the mail wagon for him a dust and would bargain for flour, good deal of the time and worked

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 603

in the field for him some of the brought his little fourteenyear-old Church, I boarded at the Ames'time. We usually made the trip sister to help keep house for him home, receiving fifty cents in store

over in about three hours or little and his wife during that winter. pay and my board as wages. One

more between Brigham and WellsPart of the time Isaac would be evening Father Ames in his remiville. gone to Brigham City and other niscent way, was telling me of inThere was no hotel in Brigham places and I had been asking for cidents that occurred in his early

but through some arrangement a job as soon as he located there experience in the Church. He said

with Bishop Nicholls we were aland had secured the position which that while he was living at or near lowed to stay at his house and it I so much coveted, to clerk in that Kirtland, Ohio, in 1832, on the was here that I first heard an organ little old store. It was in this way morning of February 1 7th of that

played in the home, or, indeed that I became slightly acquainted year, he was up early, as was the played anywhere else for that matthat winter, not very much, with Yankee custom to rise in the mornter. What a marvel it was to me his sister Rebecca, who four years ing before daylight and feed the

to hear that little old organ and afterwards became my wife. cattle, chickens and hogs, and on

to hear the Bishop's daughters singthat morning he was out attending ing to its accompaniment. In the T'HE Neibaurs moved away in to these chores when Sidney Rigfall I was engaged getting out our the spring, back to Brigham and don passed by, coming from the

winter's wood. I would take the Ira Ames opened a small store not home of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

running gears of the wagon with far from where my sister Margaret Sidney Rigdon saluted Father Ames a yoke of oxen, sit on the tongue now lives. I secured the position with good morning and stated that

behind the oxen with a sharp of clerk in this store at fifty cents he had been up all night with the pointed stick and prod them along a day and board, staying at the Prophet, writing a most glorious as fast as they would go up WellsAmes'home. I can recollect how vision which had been shown to

ville Canyon and into the maple happy and grateful my poor old them that night. This vision is

groves and secure a load of wood mother would be if I took home the 76th Section of the Doctrine and be back home by night. It was to her, as I remember I did on and Covenants. This incident just

very hard work and I was not quite several occasions take her, some litgives a little human touch in putequal to it, but I did the best I tle present of towels, calico or anyting me so closely connected with could and kept at it as long as my thing that I thought would be usethe event as to having conversed strength would permit. ful to her and please her. It always with the man Ira Ames who first

The next winter, Morris Rosengave me the greatest pleasure to try saw Sidney Rigdon and talked with baum sent over from Brigham City to make her comfortable and him that morning after that most to Wellsville a wagon load of goods happy. wonderful vision. I thought perwith Isaac Neibaur, his brotherin- At the time I was clerking in the haps my children might be interlaw, to open a store and sell them little store of Ira Ames, who was ested in this incident in my life.

during the winter. Isaac Neibaur one of the earliest members of the The End

Glimpsed in a hadto thepresented;lecturer, orall theof factsit wasthatwithhe undermen hadan antigamblingbeen arrested andordinance.fined,

J? la.Sli (Continued from page 587) reference to the chairman, and the But the city council had gone

many mistatements that he had farther, and had interpreted the > -4 made. So do untruths frequently antigambling ordinance to forbid

treacherous wolf or the cruel loom larger than truths. the pitching of horseshoes within

jaguar."Very fine; why did he Moderation in meateating is the city limits.

not point out the superiority of the enjoined by our Word of Wisdom. One member of our party was a

vegetarian field mouse, or even the But I believe moderation in speech skilled horseshoe pitcher; he had

nimble grasshopper, over the St. is fully as important. won some tournaments, in which

Bernard dog, or the majestic king Moderation is a great principle; no betting had been involved. His

of beasts? His argument had but I do not believe that it is as remarks may be imagined.

sound, without soundness. great as the principle of truth. No As we left the cafe, we saw some

But when he declaimed passionprinciple is great enough to justify Mexican peons in a small group, ately that "the eating of animal lying about it. greatly excited. We investigated

flesh is only one degree less repre- * * * and found that they had drawn, in cannibalism,hensible and than any "Pass a Law Against It"istheuseddustbyofboysthe forroad,playinga ringmarbles.such as eating debases himself by whoman

meat is unfit to mingle in civilized C)NCE I was traveling with a In the middle of this ring they had society"I got up and went out. party of American engineers placed two beetles. They were

The performance had ceased to be beyond the borders of the United heatedly and vociferously laying amusing and had become irritating. States. bets as to which of the beetles

I found the lobby full of people One morning at breakfast we would first walk out of the ring.

who had been able to stand less were glancing over an American Our horseshoepitcher remarked, than I had; we were stopped at the newspaper. One of us idly rewith fine sarcasm: "If the Mexdoor by a brief but violent thunder marked an item stating that in a ican government were to profit by

shower. During the several mincertain southern town, several men the example of our wise Angloutes that we waited for the rain to had been found pitching horseshoes Saxon towncouncil, it would imcease I heard much discussion going and wagering on the results to the mediately pass a law forbidding

on around me. None of it related extent of ten cents per game. The beetles to walk."

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

Have we always differentiated have not the slightest evidence that ple have forgotten about them.

clearly in our thinking between a single such bed of rock was made They do not even make sense;

things that are not evil in themby means of God's "crooking His surely, you do not believe they are selves, and evil uses to which they finger that way."The question true?"

may be put by irresponsible people? is not one of power, but of method. "They must be true,"she reHave we so differentiated in our I once heard a man charged with plied, "or else they wouldn't dare

prejudices? In our individual in- "questioning the power of God"print them in the current news."

terpretations of doctrine? In our when he declined to accept what he "But you have read only a part

legislation? In our personal beconsidered an absurd explanation of the current news,"I answered.

havior? of a certain event. He replied: "This Pastor carried his charges up

How much might it help if we "Probably God could have made to the Home Secretary; and in the

did? the earth cubical instead of spherpaper of such and such a date, the

* * * ical, or He could have made water Home Secretary—the head of your

run uphill instead a signed out or of he down, Could He, or Did He? could investigated have caused the statementgovernment—gavethat he had ocean to hang

J RECENTLY mon—and a goodlistenedone—into whicha seronthe thebasins,hillsidesor Heinsteadcould ofhavesettlemadein withoutthis Pastor'sbasis charges,in fact, andfoundcouldthemsee

the speaker mentioned the uncerthe sun to move around the earth no grounds for proceeding against tainty that exists in some of the as the moon does. But He did not."us missionaries. Does not that clear

estimates of geologic time. the of those Again, Even question absurd and of the Mormons is not one "though I did not agree lurid accusations? with all he power, but of method. emiAn

said, I thought that this part of nent professor in a famous eastern And she answered: "Oh, well,

his talk was handled well. After university was once interrupted in you can't believe everything you see

the meeting I took occasion to refer his discussion of the origin of the in the paper."

him to an interesting account of a earth by a student who inquired Further argument appeared fudiscussion before a British scienbelligerently whether God "could tile. So it proved.

tific society, in which two eminent not"have done some natural thing This woman had achieved that scientists, reasoning from different in an entirely unnatural way. The most comfortable and deadening

basic assumptions regarding rate of professor replied, somewhat testily: state of mind, which enabled her

deposition, reached different con- "Surely He could; but He to believe only what she wanted to

clusions regarding the time it took wouldn't have been so stupid!"believe. She was proof against

for a certain bed of standstone to Stated explosively, and with evifacts, and impervious to authoribe formed. The estimate made by dence of temper, that sounded altative statements; she would not

one of these men was three million most blasphemous; but after thinkeven consider whether or not a

years; but the other, two weeks! ing it over for some years, I feel certain matter was true, but only

The speaker smiled at the disthat I can quote it quite reverently. whether it agreed with her ideas.

crepancy, and then said, thought- * * * She actually seemed proud of her fully, "I suppose, depending the basic on "I Saw in the Paftei. abilitydid not tolike.ignore such truths as she assumptions, it is as reasonable to think that bed was made "\A7"HILE I was missionary in She would have made a loyal

in two weeks as in three million England, a certain Liverpool follower of anyone whose opinyears."Just then a fine old man, pastor went on the warpath. Three ions she could accept. There is

a pioneer since deceased, broke into members of his congregation had something fine in this type of the discussion. He said, heatedly, joined our Church, and from then loyalty; but it seems too bad that

"God could have made it all in two on he was militantly antiMor- it is so often misplaced. But the

seconds, if He so much as crooked mon. He published a pamphlet real leaders are those who can disHis finger that way!"And he which reiterated all the charges tinguish truth from error and modmade an eloquent gesture in the air, against the Mormons that had been ify their own and their followers'

flexing his little finger once. made and refuted thirty years bebeliefs accordingly.

I did not care to argue along that fore. The accidental elevation to posiline. I replied: "Probably He His accusations got some newstions of leadership of men possessed

could; but I do not believe that paper publicity, and he went to the of the above described "follower"

He did."head of the government in an effort type of mind has probably been

of one obstacles important the most all to the have missionthe study of Mormon sedimentary The to religious several progress for cenaries deported. Naturally,rocks in our large scale a furnishes exemturies if past; most, of much, not tracting, keptplification meeting people we of the the of working the persecution ages of the middle read his activities. had of oflaws who nature; the laws of and

to this of type was due of men a day arenature a I met One part of the of who woman Law in placed being positions of mind rocksGod. in said: miles Such be may End The to beextent, ought of power. feet ashamed "You in of and hundreds

thickness, and bear within themyourself, distributing Mormon <*?&&>-

selves abundant evidence of the tracts. I have read in the paper "\ATISDOM consisteth not in

action of the winds, or the waves, what this Pastor says about the knowing mahy things, nor or the streams, or the organisms Mormons, so I know all about you. even in knowing them thoroughly;

that inhabited the region at the "This pastor's charges are anbut in choosing and following time the rock was in process of cient history,"I replied. "The what is conduced most certainly

formation. The whole thing sugonly reason they seem new to you to our lasting happiness and true

gests power and purpose; but we is because they are so old that peoglory."Landor.

Plea Indian Summer Manti Temple

By Dorothy J. Buchanan By Delia Adams Leitner By Frank Jonas

friend, house, flowing plume, gay colored, in clouds, ITTLE as the pure my silent A S WITH *-J ** walls, Holding the wind, your hills me within as the strong As Help me to do just one thing—With cloak of richest hues, so debonair For the joy of those

Be at home when evening falls. He comes, alluring us with promise fair. Who do as God wills.

A courtier more gracious we'll not find.

Please send out a steady light Forgetting frosty, cloudy days behind trust Roseate candor, the his seeming shadows on snow unaware We at passes dare Autumn Music ere OctoberSo night they come that when That he will

They may always quickly know To leave us cold and cheerless, unresigned. By Helen Maring

the But oh,That their mother is at home fiddles of autumn are gypsy and old; spicy, fragrant things Cooking and gifts he leaves, new dreams THEplaintive,

a hearthside brightWith day and warm A book voicing a crying of hunger, of home, A lyrics—every

a sings. heart of love that manifold wondrous And A luring that from greenwood now A of perfectpoem—The Exquisite landscapes rivaling those of May. constraintive is

Deceiver? Yes, but hearts that still can But always the need to be restless and

Sunset Theseholdgifts forgive his brief, intriguing roam.

By Christie Lund stay. The fiddles of autumn are plaintive, translating

""PHE weary day draws slowly to a close. The hunger of earth for the leaves of

* As the wood, though her tired feet would linger These Things I Love here hunger of skies for the songbirds The

Within this hour of peaceful solitude By Catherine E. Berry migrating,

And dewy dusk, when heaven seems so The hunger of souls for the fair and near. T LOVE the smell of raindrenched earth, the good.

feel face, against of mist The my theAcross cloak, she drops colored sky her their themes of are music The magic with I love at the of night sound wind lovely silver, rose; thing orange, of A minors, Setting reckless swift a pace. and leans her hillsShe against head purple the

notes, wanderlust the glissando of The evening's While her gently arms around

I storm love to sea walk where waves close.

echoes fragile of beauty more break And and finer, In dashing spray the shore, against

She pauses, listening, to the nesting birds, When Nature's unleashed fury strives Of summer remembered and golden and

She sees her image in a crystal lake; To shake the world with one giant roar. warm.

calm sinks deep into soul herA quiet

Dissolving noonday's hurt burn- -ooJsisi*- Although there is pause in the winter and ing ache. Autumn in the Canyon A night'sbeauty ofstillness,rest that our souls underAnd thus, her poise renewed in this brief stand

space By Ida Rees The longing of autumn is almost an illness

Of sweet communion with her heart's With windgypsy fiddles that play high light;

She gathers up her spangled cloak and THEWindsquiet slowlyroad besideupward,the lazythroughstreamthe through the land.

stalks narrow way, Beyond the hills, leaving the world to Till past the jutting rocks, most suddenly, night. The widening walls present their full The LorcPs Day

array. By Clarence Edwin Flynn

Here all the color of the summer's close

Some Things I Love Is gathered for the tardy year's display. 7\ TIME to give a silent thought to God,

*"* oft forgotten So in the things of rush time to look I the up from path plod, By Christina M. Stacey The crimson flush of maples, lavishly, A

the Joins here flaunting opulence of let self the inner And of take wings; me rich the furrows, deeply moist LOVE

gold; to time fevers the calm soul, of A myI brown,

splashes yellow the of aspen And grove seek the grace of And inward harmony, field in in rows andThat go up down. my

russet, Meet bronze quaintly and amber the Acknowledging right God's conofI soil fragrance the love the of tangy scrolled trol stains with earthy shining plowThat my this, All and more, the Lord's means Day spoil.

Encircling blue green, points and of piney to me.

I love the tender shoots of growing grain Combine in patterned figures manifold.

That veil the brownness of my fertile plain This muffling cover wrapping rocky height, A time to turn from every rankling spite,

With faintest green, as though some artist's An oriental carpet old and rare, However deep it be, however long;

hand A farflung drape that blankets peak and A time to contemplate the worth of right,

Had lightly brushed his colors o'er the land. glen The weakness and futility of wrong;

In cushioned softness rich beyond com- A time to lift the incense of a prayer,

I love the graceful grain that gently sways pare And seek the needed strength for days to be,

To scented breezes in the golden days. A silent call to worship at a shrine That I may be sufficient for their care

It whispers to me little secrets, sweet, Ah, Beauty, kneel This is a rug of All this, and more, the Lord's Day means

Of happy days and joys that are complete. prayer to me.

Allegiance and Actions knowthe linethem;"presented"actionsabove:speak"Byloudertheir thanfruitswords;"ye shall

A NOTHER season of Mutual Improvement has "the proof of the pudding is in the eating;"

I dawned, bringing with it another slogan to "what you are rings so loudly in my ears that so on, indeficolor the program and awaken members of the cannot hear what you say"—and

organization to consciousness of their relationship nitely.

to the Church. The slogan for the new season It is not in a religious realm alone that actions must prove intentions; that attitudes are demonis not breathtaking in its first meaning, but in

the light of analysis it stands out as a beacon strated by behavior; that sincerity is put to the

illuminating the way toward a realization of the test of scrutiny. No patriot ever held standing as

blessing and glory of membership in the Church such by the simple act of flagwaving. When the

land of his love demands his services, his wealth, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

By My Actions I Witt Prove My Allegiance to hismorelife,thaneven,name,he givesand ifthemnot ifhe heis isnoa longerpatriotonein the Church!

in demonstrates devotion name. husband A this slogan in a simple agreement, than More

require forgetfulness complete of self,'ways which as a milepost detailed emerges consideration from marking another step along the road of life to a mother gives proof of her faithfulness in her eternal salvation. In it are expressed the neceswillingness to give of her time and energy and

thought to further the interests of the objects of sary requisites to full standing in the Church, to active participation, to support of its leaders and her motherhood. What sort of mother would

to joyous realization of its blessings. it be who would wrap herself in her own selfsuf-

ficiency a again over formula and over and repeat amiss. of terms be might not The A definition to finger lift a to refusing of devotion, the while

is referred to of the slogan in the Church Church children to necessary her in helping the work Jesus Christ of Latterday Goddo Saints—that wellclothed, wellfed, go forth from their home restored revelation under clear through plan made

proper authority. Its teachings, as expressed in welltaught?

the Articles of Faith, include belief in God the By actions, and in no other way under heaven,

Father, His Son Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost; can we prove our allegiance to the Church. To

in man's own responsibility for his deeds; in salaccept a theoretical belief in God and his Son and

vation through the atonement of Christ under then to sit idly by and watch their teachings conditions of obedience to the laws and ordinances ignored and hear their names profaned is more is cowardly and despicable. To of the Gospel; in authoritative power vested in than futile—it

certain individuals today; in the divinity of Scripassert belief in the authority vested in the Prophet

tural utterance; in modern revelation; in freedom currently empowered to speak in the name of

of worship; in obedience to civil law; in honesty, God and then to ignore the principles and advice

chastity, benevolence, virtue, all good; in seeking he sets forth and interprets is to nullify all proanything virtuous, lovely or of good report or testations of belief. To repeat the thirteenth arpraiseworthy. A system not lightly to be acticle of faith as one of the foundation stones of

cepted in view of the tremendous responsibility it the structure which is a Latterday Saint life and entails! then to engage in or even countenance dishonesty,

What is allegiance? Devotion is another name unchastity, selfishness, evil, ugliness, things unfor it; fidelity still another. Loyalty, homage, worthy of praise is to destroy all right even to

tied allegiance to the cause so inseparably claim constancy, terms denumerous fealty—these manifestations the positive of the tenets up with are noting respect and observance and compliance

synonymous with allegiance. And these are the formulated in the statement of Latterday belief.

qualities which the M. I. A. slogan, once accepted Actions directed toward negative ends prove

and repeated with sincerity, binds us to prove. absence of all loyalty and fidelity. Conversely,

Truly a task worthy of the best and strongest! allegiance may be proved indisputably by positive

How shall we prove our allegiance; how demdemonstration through action. With sincere

onstrate our devotion; how convince others and hearts and a motivating determination to bear out

ourselves of our loyalty and constancy and fidelity in life what is stated in the words, may every to our Church? The characteristics named are young Latterday Saint bring to pass all the glory

abstract in and of themselves; the Church is abof the possibilities indicated in the slogan of the

stract, in and of itself. But, strangely enough, M. I. A. "By my actions I will prove my alle

the proof of one to the other must be made congiance to the Church."E. T. B.

cretely, consciously, observably.

carries itself Allegiance the to within impetus The Organ Played serve. desire engenders to Devotion a do something for the object of devotion; fidelity presupTN need of rehabilitation, I stepped into the Great

poses a proof of faithfulness; loyalty tells a story Tabernacle, along with nearly a thousand tourof doing something to show loyalty. A dozen ists to sit under the inspiration of the great organ.

old adages might be quoted to indicate the fact Alexander Schreiner was at the console.

that many people have had many thoughts along There in the mystic shadows of the historic

place, our pioneer fathers seemed very real. BrigElder Carlham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Wilford Woodton, son of

ruff, Jedediah M. Grant, George A. Smith, and Bishop H.

many others whose lives are intertwined with the Cash and Winhistory of this people and of the City of the ifred Moore

Saints were present with me in memory. It Carlton, was

seemed that their faith, their integrity, their born at Basin, arch represented strength in the were mighty above Wyoming, gigantic the solid support me, in the pillars which 16, dome, in the size of an auditorium which must August have been out of proportion at the time it was 19 11. He

constructed. lived the greatHow and why did these men build so well er part of his

why did this people rally to their call? life in Lovell

Then Alexander Schreiner touched the keys and and later Worland, where he the old organ spoke—breathed a song by Bach,

the immortal, interpreted by the young Mormon took part as musician. The old master through the old organ most boys do

by means of the expert fingers and the tender heart in the regular of the organist spoke of beauty, of immortality, routine work of the importance and the permanence of the soul. of the Church.

Emerson once said, "If eyes were made for seeing, He accepted a call to fill a mission and left then beauty is its own excuse for being."If ears home on December 31, 1933, to enter the Mission

are made for hearing then Bach, the old organ, Home in Salt Lake City. He was later set apart

the young musician need no excuse either. That as a missionary by Elder Melvin J. Ballard and

day there in the Tabernacle they were the very was assigned to labor in Louisville, Kentucky.

witnesses for Beauty. He reached the mission field on January 14, 1934,

Schreiner's fingers ran through "If I Were a and shortly thereafter was invited to take a three

Bird,"Henselt; "Enchanted Bells,"Haberbier, days'trip through Kentucky, Virginia, and West

and then into the PrattCareless hymn, "The Virginia with President Heber J. Grant and PresMorning Breaks."ident Miles L. Jones.

Then I knew how and why! "The dawning On February 1, 1934, he entered a hospital to

of a brighter day majestic rises on the world."undergo a minor operation. He lapsed into unBrigham Young and the others had caught the consciousness and never recovered, passing awayflush of dawn—had seen the night break into the on February 3. He is survived by his father, his

new day. And so, there were the tabernacle, the stepmother, one brother and five sisters. His

organ, Alexander Schreiner ready to interpret mother died in 1921.

Bach. Elder Carlton's work is finished upon this earth.

It was fitting that the organist should play He has fought the good fight, even though he died "Darling I Am Growing Old"as the old melody in youth. His parents and relatives may well be

of the day, and that he should close his program proud of the record which he left.

with Wagner's inspired "Love Death,"from "Tristan."Political Advertising

No matter what derogatory things evil men "'HE Improvement Era Committee, at a meeting say of there his day, Brigham andmay Young T which to ago, time concluded was held some thestand Great Tabernacle old the organ and political as accept advertising in the to be run magatestators. early set shrine beauty to up was A zine. constitutes policy This be will which a new desertin the cultured, the to the which most most

year. to this adheredrefined people of the world may come for inspiration and rehabilitation. H. R. M. staffHowever,wish it tothebemanagementunderstood thatand thethe magazineeditorial

In Memory of Elder willin itscontinueeditorialsto maintainand regulara nonpartisanreading matter,attitudealHorace Moore Carlton volved,though thewhenmagazine,matters likeof moralityany goodseemcitizento beof theinALTHOUGH it has been several months since nation, reserves the right to throw its weight with the death of Elder Horace Moore Carlton the side which seems to be standing for righteouswhile filling a mission in the East Central States, ness.

we feel that a word in memory of him and his The political parties have been notified.

work should appear in this magazine. Through The Magazine, as always, reserves the right to

some accident the death of Elder Carlton was not reject any advertisement which seems contrary to called to the attention of the editors until recently the best good of its readers and the Management when his relative, Mrs. George H. Leigh, called at and the Editorial staff must continue to be the

the office of The Improvement Era. judges.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

is told linking these pictures together in an unique and marvelous episode of causing "The Desert to Blossom a s the Rose."Those who are seeking informa- t i o n on the Restoration of the Gospel find much interest and valuable instruction in the story shown by the stained glass windows of "The First Vision"o f Joseph Smith as he knelt in prayer in the Grove on the Hill Cumorah, and "Elijah the Prophet"appearing at the Holy Temple to fulfill his mission o f "T u r n ing the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to their fathers,"an event tion with, or in contrast to, its ness. Here the same threatening "ETERNALBY AVARD

which Malachi (4:5-6) had precompanion group of sculptured hand of death had pursued them.

dicted. This latter window opens figures which symbolizes "New At Winter Quarters, on the banks

up the subject of Genealogical and Life and New Frontiers."of the Missouri River, they found

place, resting that been truth a temporary has a camp Every new work. Temple The

civilization after of the frontiers has into come on the world saw most of this part of born Many our exhibit last year. In a success- a struggle. The pain and the sorwhere they paused to recuperate and Mor

face the to birth preparations their interest, travail of giving make to hold ful attempt and the row desert, Exhi desolathe Indian, the savage prerequired of and to be to truth seems Fairbanks Professor Avard unas tion of it forth, and an abandoned even masterpieces those pared bring two additional who the atth of Because wilderness. suffer bringin the sculptured the north the of mother must known figures. At

end of the booth is represented ing of new life into the world. hardships and lack of proper food, Cen "The Tragedy of Winter QuarAnd so it was in the beginning clothing and shelter, disease and

ters."In this group is symbolized of the dispensation of the fulness scourges came upon them. Death of

one of the great truths that has so of times. Through the Prophet stalked among them robbing paroften been met by the human race Joseph Smith and his associates a ents of their children and leaving Proc

peoorphans. seen. children Relithe struggle great light against death; of been had To these man Exp a stern reality ple and they truths, the strength to life was this generafor- gious courage and and new

titude of master spirits resisting and tion, had come into the world. faced the tragedy of life before at

overcoming the power of destrucThose who proclaimed it had been them, but not without hope. In the

tion and Death that ever reaches out driven from pillar to post; from statue we see the father and mother Chic

to grasp them. To appreciate the one state to another; and finally, with their child in the open grave (Conti;

meaning of the great truth here exafter having built the city of Naubefore them. The sculptor has; pressed one must see it in connecvoo, were driven into the wilderwritten deep meaning in their faces -

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 4>09

The male is characteristically placed as the foremost figure.

He has to provide for the physical necessities of life. The mother is the central figure and she is raised upon a pedestal.

This is an evidence o f the esteem in our western civilization in which we hold womankind and par- t i c u 1 a r 1 y mothers.

Here we feel the refining, uplifting influence in her expression of purity and confidence as she looks forward. Pure

womanhood is the inspiration of conquering manhood. The

boy holding the books is is the expression of the younger genPROGRESS"and figures. There is grief but not In the heart of the Rockies an emeration seeking understanding. He FAIRBANKS

despair. There is sorrow, but pire was builded. faces a new frontier, that of instrength and. determination are felt After the pioneers have contellectual attainments. < in every line. There is a realizaquered their frontiers infested with The pioneers faced the West,

tion of death and desolation, but wild animals and savages, their with a background of persecution

step. Faith in their high destiny build upon their strength and fronting them. The youth of tomon they do not face it with faltering sons and daughters have now to and with physical adversities conradiates from them and we feel that sturdy foundation a new western day, with a background of sturdy

bit they are born to conquer. The culture and civilization. (This pioneer stock, faces the world with

mantle of sorrow has fallen upon group will be used as the Novemits social problems, with many ie them and envelops them, but it ber cover.) mental adversities to conquer, and

frontiers intellectual which with in together symbolizing group The a common them "Newtury binds in All these, complex. protects against Life most is not and an are them purpose and New Frontiers"

utter despair. A conviction of the incident expressive of any paraddition to the necessity of protruth of their religion sustains ticular happening in the life of a viding for the physical maintainjress them. They will not falter, they people, but it is a portrayal of a ance of life, in a grossly selfish

cannot fail. Though often hununiversal conception of a people world, make the youth face the new

psition gry and weary with fatigue, their as a whole, a group who realize that world with the same fortitude of hands raised the great Mormon the "Glory of God is Intelligence,"body as his forefathers and with 3 Tabernacle and magnificent Temand they therefore labor strenuthat same determined spirit and ple out of the sagebrush in the heart ously to conquer the soil that they faith in the future. The youth of

nued from of the desert. In one generation might enjoy its fruits and also today stands ready to carry foroage 581) they rose from the log hut of the build up a new culture seeking God ward the advancement of a new

pioneer to the home of comfort. and His intellectual inspirations. civilization.

: s:

tne SCREENLIGHTS and SHADOWS on "AgeInterestingof Innocencestudy of (R.socialmoralK. O.)-. CACH month the "Eta"presents a leftwill beforeto marryher twentyfirstWithin the birthday,few hoursinproblems of the '80's. Lovely settings *—'page of screen news—previews a film elaborately staged and pervadedand costumes, fine human qualities, a and reviews—with the thought that with haunting gypsy melodies. Family.

story of true love and final sacrifice many readers will be glad to have THE CAT'S PAW (Fox): From the

combine to make a compelling picture. some idea of the pictures being story by Clarence Buddington Kelland.

Mature. shown currently. Those who attend Harold Lloyd scores a hit in Kelland'

see picture to good shows want and as used missionary's a son of comedy Street of Wimpole Barretts are films the desirous of missing but politicians. After crooked a the picture of by: Exquisite pawn G. (M. M.) will (or mediocre worse) a welcome

a mayoralty in victory his unexpected Barrett and Elizabeth ofcourtship screenstories short toof summary tricks is then framed. he brilliant He campaign, with doneRobert Browning their estimates value. of with gether

subtlety and harmony. Mature. The previews are original whenever the politicians. Sly humor, droll

Caravan (Fox): Gypsylove and it is possible to see films long enough Chinese proverbs, good fun. Family.

irresponsibility, with touches of farce ahead of their distribution to make The Fountain (RKORadio) make a gay, haunting picture. Charmit worthwhile; otherwise they are From the novel by Charles Morgan.

ing for Family. estimates made by groups of interThe struggle between love for the

ested access to people have who and girlhood her of sweetheart the English Priest (Fox) Judge A kindly, studios'picof preview showings husband, her loyalty German towards picturefriendly, Will absurd: with tures. are: associated groups The

is the war, in perfect wounded him. in a part for who returnsRogers the Society of ApNational Daughters

pealing for Family. American Revolution; National Sosuccessfully though sadly fought by a

Servant's Entrance (Fox): ciety of New England Women; Gensensitive young woman. A picture

Poor little rich girl who masquerades eral Federation of Women's Clubs; which is sombre, tense and dramatic,

as a servant to prove her worth. SetCalifornia Congress Parents and but will nevertheless prove interesting,

tings in Swedish mountains. Swedish Teachers; National Council Jewish fine entertainment with its ideal cast,

version of picture available. Family. Wowen; Women's University Club. masterly direction, beautiful photogMrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Inof issuingstating summariesthe aims andand objectivesestimates raphy and capable interpretation.

PATCH (Para.): The lovely, absurd of pictures the group says: "Select Adults.

Missouri (M- full story, Girl of love From and tearsold The pictures. to and your those you Go

: girl is vows to marry done. Family.laughter, admirably G-M) A brazen type. are of fine Stay know away

The World Moves On (Fox): from those that you know are trashy a millionaire. Her methods and ethics

An excellently staged and acted picture, or objectionable. Your admission are unwholesome; her deeds belie her

well on the upper plane of screen fare. ticket is a definite contribution towords. Adulty only.

Has something of the flavor of "Cavalward setting standards of producHide-Out (M-G-M): A human

cade,"coming closer to Americans tion."story with good comedy, fine cast,

classifications the Audience shots interesting direction first and capable one. Family. did thethan

generally: following, Children—signify life. people. young of Adults farm and (Warners) As the Earth Turns to years; 14 up People—slowly, the picture theLike moves book (Universal) River interest- 1 8 up; One from More Mature—notYoungbut offers pleasant, homely entertaining to children; Family—children Galsworthy's novel brilliantly brought:

ment for Family. accompanied by adults. to the screen by an allEnglish cast.

Baby Takes a Bow (Fox): The Based on the inefficacy of existing dilittle Shirley Temple captures new vorce law in England, this film is disthis. in old ones holds andhonors A excepdialogue, clever tinguished by perfect. superto years for worked A interest, slapstick and heart ofmixture a convincing tionally acting and good triangle detracts story fluous an from star's little the spoil cannotmelodrama life cultivated English of atmosphere picture. otherwise Mature. good is itselfspell, picture the somewhat but is Its ethical debatvalue and humor.

: G. (M. Paris M.) Interlude children.exciting Family. for is its artistry unsurpassed. able but story mediocre worse than Another Ex- (Warners) BRITISH AGENT and Council Adults. Jewish (The actors. "set"wasted on good Too this lacks picturecellently; somedone, it best the consider of P. one the A. T. audience, average to to the acceptable be stars, Leslie vividness.thing of The adults.) for the of month

it also of the handicap has unsound it will Francis make and KayHoward its interest. ethics to detract from MaSubjects Snorf their followers. for Mature.enjoyable

DESIRABLE (Warners): Graceful ture, but not recommended. Chris Columbo, Jr. (Universal): Sophie Lang The Notorious adolescence, story of appealingand

in its (Para.): A crime picture spirit of youth. its sweet lying incharm which Aeffortsmodernizedof Christophercartoon versionColumbusof theto

of lawthe condoning and glorification People.Young

element. is a dangerous Not financelantic, withhis eventfulOswald, tripthe acrossRabbit,thein Atthe Andy (Fox): Will Rogers lessness Handy

his wife recommended. aas business by man forced

delightainto a makes life of pleasure HOUSEWIFE (Warners): A picture leadingtainmentrole.for all.Clever,Familyamusingand juniorenterful comedy for Family. which begins with promise of somematinee.

different into fresh turns an thing and:: Well (Para.) (Monogram) EYRE to JANE Belong You Me

affair trite even a good which annoying film, presented. steals this story smoothly Holt MaDavidknown Young

ture. cast cannot save from mediocrity. which records the unhappiness of a

Straight is the Way (M. G. little boy torn from the life of the

M.) a young: Fairlyman'swelleffortspresentedto go storystraightof Best of the Month mothertheatre, remarries.which he Aloves,simplewhenhumanhis

after five years incarceration. Mature. CARAVAN {Fox): A rollicking story, well directed and acted. Family.

Grand Canary (Fox): Story musical extravaganza centering about Name the Woman (Co/an?.): A

showing the struggle of a physician to gypsies at the grape harvest festival in blundering young "cub reporter"solves regain selfrespect after the apparently Hungary. An unimportant plot, in- a murder mystery and in so doing

fatal failure of a serum which he has volving a countess forced by her father's (Continued on page 612)

Choral Music and the Art of Conducting

A Review of a Course Given by Nobel Cain

By HILDA MILLER PART I amused by studying he is becoming educated, musically, one should know

traveling over the country Mr. There are six main divisions intoEVERYWhy notpersonmakeenjoysmusic aa hobby?hobby. educated.In about the histories of the past.

Some people collect books until Cain has found that there are two which that music is classed. They are:

they have massive libraries of great things lacking generally in the Science of Music, Theory of Music, field: music Actual Application Music, of Musicalvaluable volumes. not collect Why

1st. Lack of music education and Forms, Music, History of Aesand library?music and have a music One

might not sing or use all of the colof other subjects. thetics of Music. A discussion follows:

lected material, but there is the joy of Music teachers are content to sit back 1. Science of Music.

having such a collection. Old folk and take it easy when it comes to eduScience of Music is one of the most

songs, classic selections and any other cating themselves along other lines. important phases of music, yet just

type that might appeal to the indi2nd. Lack of materials. 9/10 of the average music profession

vidual could be added to such a library. Teachers don't know what to teach know very little about it. In fact,

Music is the language of the emoor what kind of music to use; where to without this scientific phenomena there

tions. Musicians are by nature emoget music, or what type is best for difwouldn't be music, for music generates

tional. If one is not emotional he ferent ages of people. out of nothing. For example, if one

"should get out of the music field."To become educated takes work. moves a pencil rapidly in the air it

Because musicians are emotional they Our life is very short. Why waste it? causes a sound which is produced behave a tendency to become fanatics and Why waste one moment of it when cause of the vibrations. All sounds

are called such by many people. A there are so many things to be learned? of any kind are obtained by vibration

musician should avoid becoming faAfter work one is prone to waste time, of some substance. If vibrations are

natical on any one phase of music but often going to a movie which nine regular tone is produced; if irregular,

should, instead, broaden his perspective, times out of ten won't be worth sitnoise is produced. There are onlyand not become narrowminded. ting through. This time should be two kinds of sound vibrations—tone

In listening to a musical selection spent in research work and in studying and noise. The highest number of

one should feel impressed. There is up on subjects which will make for a vibrations that the average person can

eloquence in words and they should be better cultural life. There are so many hear per second is 38,000, the lowest

sung so as to jtell a story and be in a phases of music that could be studied number is 1 6 vibrations per second.

conversational style. The words to advantage, which would give one a Some scientists give the ratio as being

should be pronounced in a manner better understanding of the subject he from 30 to 30,000 vibrations per secsimilar to a dramatic reading. One is working with. ond. As vibrations increase, pitch

should also look for the beauty in the Take the period of the Dark Ages, rises. At each place where the vibraharmony of the selection. By looking for instance. How intriguing and ention is twice as fast as at any other

at a musical score one should be able ticing that age is to study and place, it registers one octave higher.

to tell its form. how much there is to learn about it The eye sees purple at 750 trillion

The musicteaching profession which would add greatly to our vibrations per second. Red is seen at

should make music as important a knowledge of music of that time and 390 trillion vibrations per second.

study as are other subjects. Music what came out of it and how it has In between the extreme sound limits,

teachers should train and educate theminfluenced our own age. And this goes which is 38,000 vibrations per second

selves up to the same level as other for any age of the past. In our mind's to the minimum vision vibrations,

teachers. They should thoroughly uneye let us try to picture the Dark Ages which is 390 trillion vibrations per

derstand their own subject as well as with its knights, robbers, implements second, comes the heat vibrations and many others. Until this is done music of war; without lights, radios, printing radio waves with the possibility of the

will be considered less in value than presses, sanitary conditions, doctors, vibrations of touch and smell.

other subjects and professions. Music lawyers, offices, sidewalks, and many It is vibrations which cause the

should become one of the greatest subother things. What would there be overtones. When a string is played

the isjects fundamental tone left proof all; it upon, ramifications in it has more whatever life—nothing duced. nature of some phenomena It By subjects, seems. other if delved andthan many was a fascinating era and

into will make the music pursuer one yet we let it pass without studying the string will vibrate in two halves at of the most educated of mankind. This it. Out of all of this darkness, the same time that the whole string

education will bring the culture that however, they preserved some of the vibrates. It will then vibrate into

people are endeavoring to obtain, for music of their time. They had their thirds and then into fourths.

through a thorough knowledge of singing minstrels who kept alive some Each part of the vibrated string will various subjects one gains the culture music of that era. The choral music be an octave higher than the fundathat is worthwhile. College degrees which was sung in the monasteries was mental tone. Each segment produces

in music are not adequate alone; edupreserved, but at that time it was only a tone to the fundamental one until

cation is the answer. One should have for those within its walls, and never there are about 40 overtones. It is

a desire to know. When one becomes given out to the masses. To be truly these overtones or partials that give

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

the tone quality. Because the voice distinct form, it may be classed separtrees, the moon, the stars, etc., and

of the young singer has overtones the ately. got away from the formal and Puritan

quality of tone is enriched. This is Following is an example which style. The end of this period leads up

one reason why a chorus composed of clearly explains the above four divito the present day which is being called young singers is so beautiful. sions. the Modern Period. It is yet to be

The piano is used as the standard (a) A tree is made—scientific aslearned just what type of music will

musical instrument, as it has the tones pect. develop out of this period.

familiar mostwe are with. The (b) It is cut into boards—theory History of Music piano's per aspect. 27 vibrations low A has

second, one octave higher has 54 vibra- (c) It is made into a building—the Up to 600 B. C, Indefinite Period;

tions per second, and so on until at the application. 600 B. C. to 500 A. D., Grecian and

top of the piano there are 4,100 vibra- (d) What kind of a building will Roman Period; 500 A. D. to 1500 A. tions per second. Because the piano is it be—musical forms. D., Dark Ages; 1500 A. D. to 1700

the basic instrument all conductors 5. History of Music. A. D., Classical Period; 1700 A. D.

should be able to play it as well as the This is a very important phase, for to 1800 A. D., Transition Period;

violin or some other string instrument. to know the history of music one is 1800 A. D. to 1900 A. D., Romantic

We have from 88 to 100 tones, better able to understand the comPeriod; 1900 A. D. to 1934, Modern

while the Greeks had 3000 tones in posers of the various ages. One should Period. (To be Continued)

all, but our ears have been trained to also become well versed in the history politically thehear the steps as they have been estabof world and religiously, )- it these histoday.lished for is through knowing

is based pitch today understands tories that one what The we use has Lights and periods, has the middle and it of various music 440 influencedupon C A above vibrations per better second. able to understand and we are Shadows on the age. pitch has been classified of the music Tempered our own

as follows:

440 vibrations per second—concert. musicallyThe agesdivided.of the Apastdiscussionhave beenfolScreen 435 vibrations per second—internalows: (Continued from page 610)

tional. From the time of Adam to 600 B.

js426 vibrations per second—scien- C. there was a period of music which

tific. is called the Indefinite Period. This assures the election of the "right man"

The tempered pitch of the octave is is called such because not much is for mayor. This mystery melodrama

steps. intodivided equal age. 12 music of the Music The of this ocknown its exwith newspaper background,

is 1. It great totave ratio 2: person was the one from was passed on citing pursuit of the villain and bits

composer Bach who worked out temanother; it was allegorical, mixed with of comedy will amuse the average

pered pitch. Tempered pitch is not mythology; there were also the inspired audience. Adults and young people.

nature's which writings. man's in pitch, but C. to 600 B. 500 From s t o Count of Monte r i C

pitchthere is flexibility; absolute as the Grecian D. is what is A. is known: (UnitedArtists-Reliance) AlexThe

nature's pitch with no variations. and Roman Period. Something of the ander Dumas historical romance has

One note is considered a tone, two music of this time has been preserved been transferred to the screen with the notes an interval, three notes a chord, for us. At the beginning of this painstaking care and all the elaborateis also three started to record the Greeksand any more than conperiod it deserves. ness of detail A great

a chord. building of notessidered music. music Jews recorded The The a thrilling as production, often

on the staff is analogous with the didid the Chinese. The Romans were worthy of the engrossing story one,on

mensions of mathematics. imitators of the Greeks. The Greeks which it is based. Family.

2. to Music. of music Theory and used the word Romans gay, artistic (Warner) DAMES: A

all arts. this (a) date include the sound. From We get entertaining musical to and extravaganza

(b) We must know how to put it 1500 A. D. is the period known as with even more lavishly produced dance

together. the Dark Ages. During this era the sequences than "FortySecond Street"

(c) We must know how to use this greater part of the music was of the carried. Adults and young people.

sound. choral type. This form of music was

Case Dragon Murder The the the Monasteries to and (d) We must know how to apply confined (First S. S. Nat'of I.): An adaptationit. Hispeople great mass of was left out.

mystery murder of the same Van Dine's 3. as Genghis Khan Actual tells of such Application of Music. tory men

original closely to the that adheres the Vocally. (a) wandering minname and and Tamerlane

lacks in suspense. story inbut The forethe strels reign Instrumentally. their of were (b) who

interest, are cidents the weird hold and instrusecular music. the should runners our of The how know We

is lacks the development but slow and the peotheir are made, shocked themselves of what comingments Columbus therefore that clarity the excitement and is, in, ple are thinking. started theyrange and key Then what made new

is excellent plot expects the from one is years, there voice the a period box, of and aboutsomething 1500 200 missing. people. Adults and young the as D., other will to A. help phases D. us A. which 1700 knownmany

in the actual application. Classical Period. As the name indiFriends of Mr. Sweeney (War-

: Delightful treatment ner) comedy classical cates there a trend three toward was The above divisions—Science cast well balanced and fine acting by a itself in also manifested musicof Music, which of Theory Music, and Actual

this a entertaining thoroughly makes literature painting. TranbeApplication and The of Music—should production. story is based on The is sition Period D. into as thoroughly set from 1 700 A.studied and delved

as possible as music is fundamentally to 1800 A. D. In this period comes the Elmer Davis novel. Family.

based upon these facts. the great composer Beethoven. He

4. Musical Forms, was the gateway between the old and

Ca) Vocal. the new music. This period affected T IFE is a mission. Every other defi-

(b) Instrumental. music, literature, and art. The Ronition of Life is false, and leads all

(c) Dance. mantic Period is from 1800 A. D. to who accept it astray. Religion, science,

The latter could be omitted because 1900 A. D. During this period there philosophy, though still at variance on

it does come under the instrumental were composers of every type. Music many points, all agree in this, that

heading; but because it is a somewhat was more romantic, it spoke about the every existence is an aim."- Mazzini.

Kl iiiiiiPilP |;;p||jll

::ililll:

this tation. period that cause is bad, he through It is during but simply "Acquiring the Habit"

learns impulses yielding to to smoke. the normal He he commonly

The Boy longs for experience which he sees adventure peculiarly characteristic forof

PRACTICALLY every boy who someotherswarning,enjoy. relativeHe tomayits evilremembereffects, signedthis transitoryfor the preventionperiod. Anyor treatmentplan desmokes began the habit clanbut that seems like a fancy in comof the cigarette habit among boys must

destinely, a condition that would parison with the pleasurable participause this fact as its groundwork.

have been impossible if fathers tion right before him. He witnesses

the full confidence possessed had of smokers of the and apparent enjoyment Encouragement From it is the ortheir sons. Furthermore, large part feels of is missing a that he

dinary boy, and not the exceptional life's pleasures. He sees men smoking; Grownups

one who acquires the habit. He comes he longs to be a man and feels that alike from the homes of the rich and smoking would make him manly. And DY no means the least important

the poor, the learned and the unlearned, so he smokes and has his experience of factor in starting boys upon their the saint and the sinner, the lofty and subsequent sickness. But to him the cigarettesmoking careers is the direct

the humble. He is the ordinary boy reward of this is that the following ininfluence of certain grownups. Only in

with the ordinary boy's aspirations and dulgences are attended by less severe very exceptional cases, however, are temptations. There are exceptions, of disturbances, until finally he can smoke adults ever known actually to advise

course, both better and worse, but this without being sick, which to him is an boys to begin smoking. As a matter

is the boy in which most interest should achievement becoming of manhood. of fact, even the strongest advocates

center, because he forms the bulk of of tobacco and those most debauched boys. Then again he smokes because of the by it, regard such an action as little

clandestine indulgence which lure of pleasure ordinary criminal. boy the short laws of the of The To the

brings to the verhim. A smoke on sufficiently is often alone adventure far as to declare go so State of Utah

father in the presence of of anda, into the taking to strong of the part whatsoever tempt him and that on any act its chief be robbed of mother would first cigarette, his though to even directly the leading he may use of an adult have been previously warned against charm, while one secretly indulged in tobacco by an individual under twentyit; with the untutored and untrained behind the barnyard fence or within one years of age, is punishable as a

boy the habit is even more easily acthe willow thicket is ideal. The pleasmisdemeanor, entailing either fine or

quired. The curiosity aroused by the ure of doing a thing without being imprisonment or both. The matter is

curling smoke and the sweetish odor "caught at it,"is to him of the highest regarded with such seriousness that even of the cigarette is almost irresistible even sort, and more particularly if he feels the purchasing of tobacco by a child to the average boy who knows better that he is under suspicion. Even older for its parent is prohibited by law.

and quite so to the one who has not people are not wholly unacquainted Strenuous efforts are everywhere being been taught the necessity of resistance. with the lure of secrecy. made to prevent grownups from thus

This is all especially true if the cigarette And still later the boy smokes bedirectly contributing to the delinis being smoked by an older boy who cause he enjoys being regarded as quency of minors. While of course inis regarded as the leader of the crowd. tough. After he has passed the stages fractions of this law are altogether too

Smoking is commonly acquired of secret smoking he walks up and numerous, yet they sink into insignifiwithin the socalled "heroworshiping"down the busiest thoroughfare, smoke cance in comparison with the harm stage, a period during which the boy's in mouth and hat askew, with the hope done in other ways.

thoughts, ambitions and deeds are of shocking his friends. He wants The gravity of the whole situation

prompted almost exclusively by the them to know that he smokes, and, is attested by the fact that smokers and daring and adventures of others. Durfurther, that he is doing it in defiance nonsmokers have united in the adoping this period he begins to feel the of their nonapproval. tion of a great variety of means depower of possibilities coming upon He has long been told, at least by signed to prevent boys from smoking

him, and he is willing to undertake example, that while smoking may be that is forceful means. And herein lies

almost anything for the sake of exbad for boys, it is harmless for men. a deplorable condition. Adults know

perience. He feasts upon the stories He begins to look upon himself as a that tobacco is injurious to boys, and

and adventures of others and longs for man, and feels that he has a right to have resorted to numerous schemes, participation. His ideal is the hero wear (smoke) the distinction. He feels chiefly compulsory, to keep it from

who swings into prominence through that he has escaped the evils of youthful them. Grownups have even made it a

a single act of courage. He longs for indulgence and that he can now smoke criminal offense for a boy to have to-

a following and to follow. He wants with impunity. But long before this bacco in his possession. The intention

to do anything and everything. He stage is reached the vicious tendrils of without doubt is a commendable one.

must be active. He is impatient and nicotine have worked their way so At the same time, adults know that

cannot center himself upon any one thoroughly into his system that he has tobacco is harmful to grownups, and thing for more than a short time. This become enslaved to the habit. He they try to excuse their own use of it

is the usual, ordinary boy. One who smokes now not only because he likes by telling the boys that age establishes

does not possess some such qualities is it but because he cannot do without it. a kind of immunity against it.

sick and needs a physician. His experience has caused him to exIf there can be any question whatNo one should expect that this change positions with nicotine; once ever in the mind of anyone as to the

bundle"of seemingly erratic impulses he was master and commanded; now injury of tobacco to adults, an inquiry

would conduct itself in the manner of he is servant and obeys. from an old smoker should settle the

man, or that it could be relied upon Thus the normal boy, through yieldmatter. Even the most robust indito do the same thing more than once ing to temptation, is gradually and viduals who have used tobacco for some

in the same way. When temptation often quickly carried into a servitude time invariably admit that it has been

appears this boy is just about as likely from which release is seldom accominjurious to them, and, furthermore, to resist as to accede. If he is left alone, plished. In this connection one point they advise younger men to abstain

however, there is no question that he at least is noteworthy: The boy who from it. Science has proven that towill soon lend ear to the voice of tempacquires the habit does not do so bebacco is harmful both to old and

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

young, although the evil effects may think most of in all the world, smoking "They will waste large sums of not be so pronounced in the former as like a house afire. They see people money while doing themselves lasting,

in the latter. hale and hearty who have been using perhaps even fatal, injury.

The absurdity of the situation is retobacco every day for fifty or sixty "They will more readily become vealed in the fact that adults brand years. They see the rich and prosvictims of alcohol, cocaine, opium,

smoking among boys as not only harmperous enjoying it. They constantly and other narcotic drugs.

ful but criminal, while among themsee educated people, fashionable people, "They will mar the efficiency of selves it is harmless and almost saintly. using the weed. What's the use after their work.

A cigarettesmoking boy when apprethat for the school teacher to tell them "They will shorten their lives.

hended is promptly taken before the it is poisonous, that it stunts their "Their presence will disclose itself law, but in most cases, even a preacher growth, that it kills them off, and all to the nostrils of all their associates."

may carry his lighted cigar to the very that? We waste our time and get nosteps of his sanctuary and then be hailed where in that way."Tobacco Advertising

as a servant of the great Master. To Teachers from every part of the state the average boy the whole affair is voiced a strong protest against the deALONG with the natural desire of

taken with about the same grace as are ceiving and deterring attitude of smok- "children to imitate grownups, and the statements of a baldheaded barber ing grownups. They agreed that the the carelessness or willingness of grownin trying to sell hair tonic. Smokingduty imposed upon them by law was ups to provide unsavory examples, the

parents may be able to deceive their thus made many times more difficult. American tobacco combination plays

children when quite immature, but the Some few even felt that the task was an important part in inducing boys and ordinary boy sees through his father's an impossible one, but the great mayoung men to acquire the habit. The

ruse long before the parent suspects it. jority insisted that right is right and history of the combination began in

several coalescence of the with 1890 face the in of should be even taught effects the of proof of As smokingprofits were concerns. independent The parents. smoking their fathers sons need upon only we

large, that so 1906 by enormously is that E. President observe Mrs. Armstrong, uniJames smoking almost

its including capitalization aggregate versally practiced the Trustees, of of the University Board in such boys by at 3 9 and 5, 8 90, reached $450., bonds families. Illinois, voices of the protest same

practically controlled the time same section the quite another of from J. the says Dr. R. Leadsworth of the of the business tobacco of 80% country:

fathers: given encouragement by combination the country. In 1911

cigarette in smokers "There are few Sherthe against it under proceeded was for be supposed "Can a moment fail school. the usually high Smokers later declared act Antitrust and that in a man tobacco where fumes home

grades. get to the through grammar time present at the so that unlawful, constantly the permeate rooms, such

ever before graduate Few smoke who is it sucvarious business under a doing volatile powerful poison have would rule enter a school. they the high As cessor companies. effect deleterious the no mother upon

is the to condull unable smoker and toprofits of the and resources their children and The almost spend who his his centrate attention work. upon are combination manufacturer's entire bacco in time such atmosphere? an

is difficult It deto to any arouse him almost advertising justify it to as such that reasonable not seem Does a child gree enthusiasm. long of So as men busiline of other unparalleled reared in any the cradle from such conunder

in will to indulge be hard smoking it the ness. Billboards of one end ditions from should present of symptoms

the they that boys are placarded to the other with should country nicotine poisoning even it has persuadethough continue long so as boys shun it, and the virtues eulogizing advertisements of a victim the habit? never become

learn the to is scarcely habit there will be men to of brands. various There the But husband boys, when how few

it."perpetuate car nation a street of the use, in any city escape is addicted to its and father

others Parents knowingly and who or more one the does not display which injurious habit? rememwe When

children teach to otherwise or smoke even cards advertising tobacco, ber and pride with the what boy looks upon little will the get but comfort from fill their with pages magazines his interest folsome papa, in takes he and what a recital of the daily details of the lowing statement of Dr. Harvey W. showy announcements.

the various calamenumerating profitone of the Apparently parent's most to Wiley, proves of which life—all the use of tobacco ities accompanying are able the returns sources of has such him that no other boy a father

children: is tisements statements the producing and reasonable to expect that he by—it advermothers, whose boys are just "You singers, authors, pictures of and even be eager to follow his example would

athletes, this in bear testimony of the practice. even harmful who Too beginningportunities at tothe acquireage of tentheto findcigaretteopflavor superiority of certain brands. the often and practice is taken of smoking

up during the impressionable years of habit, what may you expect if they do? It is a noteworthy fact, however, that

childhood and youth, with the result Here are a few of the possibilities: no advertisement has yet been reported

that the brain faculties never fully de- "They will acquire a habit which in which any individual ever extolled velop."may bring them into sympathetic as- a tobacco because of any service it

sociations are the going with boys who renders. In advertisements misleading

the a strinFollowing of enactment the to bad. is this particular that or brand comgent todealing the use law of with a will slaves to habit be "They the of because recommended monly minors, the bacco public by school segregates the which from them comflavor, peculiar absence "bite,"the of

teachers a California recently of began travelers spectators. of crowd and mon feelings the rest following pleasant of

narcotics. against far campaign By will that the join procession "They its etc., use, to be but seems one no

difficulty serious the most encountered is hesitating marchers of up with made its able to virtues or of mention any the nearly universal practice of was steps, palpitating hands, shaky and effects. its real dares to mention of any smoking followgrownups. by The hearts. is really so that not wonder The ing question at discussed of was one will unfit for themselves "They that learn to boys but smoke, many institutes later the submitted and by athletic sports in attainments high and escape. so boy, of them few normal A State the a Superintendent to number studies. their impulses, with encouraged normal by California's of successful public most their resistance will weaken "They his habits of father and goaded on by

teachers: school fall disease to to easy invictims and enticing advertisements the of tobacco

"What's the use to tell the children fection. companies, can scarcely be expected to

about the effect of tobacco? We can "They will exclude themselves from do otherwise."—From Dr. Frederick

talk to them all day and then go home many activities leading to higher pay J. Pack's "Tobacco and Human Efat night to see the very people they and preferment. ficiency."

Pioneer Stake Ward Teachers Outlines Ward Teacher s

Message, Nov., 1934 "ANdevelopedeffective bypresentationPioneer Stake.of the Amonthlysample Wardof the Teachers'form usedmessageand thehasmethodbeen

Church Standards ofoutlinespresentationof the ismaterialprintedtoherewithbe presentedfor thebyguidanceWard Teachers.of others who desire to make

is world today not only in finan-""THE

it is distress, cial religious, in moral WARD TEACHERS'OUTLINE and social chaos as well. Never before

have so many conflicting ideas—good Pioneer Stake of Zionand bad—confronted the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saintsworld.

In this chaotic condition Satan is JULY - 1934 exceedingly aggressive. Every possible

effort is being made to lead people astray. are being people good Many 1934: YEARdeceived. are changing Churches Spiritual, Physical, their OBJECTIVE"To ProvideFOR FullyTHE For The Educational and

creeds. Society is accepting customs Recreational People."Needs of Our

and practices true Christians must rebel against. Moral standards are being

lowered to an appalling degree. Heresies are creeping into some of our eduTESTIMONY institutions.cational

In all this confusion Latterday

Saints should be reminded that in our

Church the standards set up by our i.

Heavenly Father for the guidance and ALL RELIGIONS TESTIFY OF SOME "OF THE GOSPEL TRUTHS blessing of His children do not change, have not changed and will not change. All religions testify of God:

Our moral standards still demand a. The Christian testifies of Jesus Christ.

strict chastity and personal purity. Our b. The Mohammedans of Mohammed, etc.

social standards demand fair dealing c. Buddhists of Buddha, etc.

integourwith fellowmen—honesty, religions of embrace the principles some and ordinances of the Gospel,

rity, for dependability and respect

Saints: the Latterday the Manyas understood by

stanrights religious of others. Our

a. b. Prayer. Faith c'Baptism.

dards demand faith in a living God, belief in the Savior and in His divine d. Priesthood or clergy. e. Consecration of offering.

mission, belief in the mission of Joseph f. Sacraments.

Smith and his successors, respect for the Priesthood, respect for the comII.

mandments of the Lord and the teachings of His servants, respect for the WHAT DIFFERENCES SHOULD EXIST IN THE TESTIMONY OF THE

Sabbath day, observance of the Word LATTERDAY SAINTS AND THE TESTIMONY of Wisdom, observance of the law of OF OTHER RELIGIONS?

tithing and loyalty to the Church, its institutions, and its leaders. 1. The L. D. S. testimony of God is: "That He is Exalted Man, the Father of

Our Church standards do not change. Jesus Christ, and the Father of all spirits."—First Article of Faith.

They are based upon truth and truth is 2. The L. D. S. testimony of man is: "That Man is Eternal."eternal. Latterday Saints should be—D. 8C. 93:2329.

on guard lest they be led astray. We 3. The L. D. S. testimony is: "That Works Must Accompany Faith."

have been warned that these conditions 4. The L. D. S. testimony is: "That Revelation is Continuous."

come. should be preparedwould We S. testimony L. D. Redemption is: "That is Possible After Death 5. The unflinchingly,to meet without them

to Repentance the Gospel."and Obedience Through

faith,wavering courage in our but withand determination to stand for the The L. D. S. testimony "Must Come Through the Holy Ghost—a Spiritualright and with loyalty to the Church, Awakening."—I Cor. 12:3.

its leaders and its standards.

III. -l<Klj95*- WHAT IS THE EFFECT OF A TESTIMONY THAT A FULNESS OF GOSPEL

IWfEN want to be reminded, who do TRUTHS IS TO BE FOUND IN THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST not want to be taught; because OF LATTERDAY SAINTS?

those original ideas of rectitude to 1. "It permits a partaking of the fruits of eternal life."John 17:3.

to assentwhich is compelled the mind 2. "It fills the soul with joy."I Nephi 8:1112.

alare proposed, are notwhen they ways as present to us as they ought 3. "It gives freedom to the soul."John 8:32.

to be."Burke. 4. "It permits correct worship with resulting exaltation."D. & C. 93: 1920,

.. 9

Fa flU Aaronic Priesthood Convenily 5.killedReferandagainscattered.to Daniel, Shadrach, Eliaspurposein ofthe theirKirtlandvisitations.Temple and the

tion at October Conference Meshach and AbedNego. (See Lesson

4.) The Stone cut out of the mounReferences

/"""NE the important of most meettain hands. without LecArticles Talmage, of Faith by *> ings year the for Aaronic of all of 6. Part the Tenth Article of ture to 18, pages 341 354 with

Priesthood leaders will be the Aaronic Faith, "We believe in the literal gathscriptural references therein contained.

Priesthood convention held in Salt ering of Israel and in the Restoration History of Church, Vol. 4, pages 106,

Lake during the October Conference. of the Ten Tribes."112, 113, 114, 454, 455, 456, 457,

All leaders coming to conference are 7. Return of Judah from Babylon. 458, 495, 496, 497, 498 and 499, all

urged to provide time for attendance 8. The Kingdom of Judah now the concerning Orson Hyde's Mission to

at the convention. Those in nearby Kingdom of Israel. Palestine.

stakes are especially urged to make an effort to attend. This is one of the References Lesson TwentyFive

few occasions when local leaders have Dr. Smith's Old Testament History, 1. Review of Lessons TwentyOne,

contact with the Presiding Bishopric Chapters 25, 26. Also Biblical ReferTwenty-Two, TwentyThree and

and receive direct information and inences contained in these chapters. (The TwentyFour. (Make personal asstructions regarding this important preparation of this lesson will require signments in advance for this lesson.)

work. much reading.)

Lesson TwentySix Primary Association Extends Lesson TwentyThree 1. Where the Jews are to be gathEffective Cooperation to ing 1 Jerusalem.Hardships of the Jews in rebuildered.2. Where the Tribe of Ephraim and

Lesser Priesthood 2. Rebuilding of the Temple. the Ten Tribes are to be gathered.

3. History of the Jews from their 3. Establishment of Zion in Amerfor closer plan the newTN cooperation Return from New Jerusalem. Babylon until the Advent ica—The

the organizations various between Christ. of Jesus of Jerusalem for 4. Rebuilding

of the Church, the Primary Associa- 4. Condition of the Jews at the Christ's Reign.

tion has taken a commanding lead in time of Jesus Christ. 5. Zion to be established before the

securing results. In its work of en- 5. Who was Flavius Josephus? Ten Tribes and the City of Enoch

listing elevenyear old boys and assist- 6. Josephus'account of the Siege return.

ing in preparing them for the Aaronic and Destruction of Jerusalem by Titus. 6. Part of the Tenth Article of

Priesthood the following record has 7. Scattering of the Jews. Faith, "We believe in the literal gathbeen made as reported to the Presiding 8. What became of the House of ering of Israel, and in the restoration

Bishopric by Superintendent May AnIsrael? of the Ten Tribes; that Zion will be

derson and her associates: References built upon this (the American) conNumber of stakes reporting 100 tinent.

Number of wards reporting 892 Dr. Smith's Old Testament History, References

Number of 1 1 year old boys in Chapter 27, page 626. Also Biblical

stakes 6,898 references in this history. Life and Articles of Faith by Talmage, LecNumber of 1 1 year old boys enWords of Josephus by Whiston; Joseture 18 and 19. Pages 341 to 366,

rolled in Guide Classes in Priphus Antiquities of the Jews, Books 1 with all scriptural references. Commary 5,93 and 20, pages 559 to 616; Josephus pendium, pages 89 to 93; 157 to 163.

Number of 1 1 year old boys not Wars of the Jews, Books 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 to 833. and 6, pages (The 607 enrolled 967 preJoseph Smith's Own Story require will lesson paration of this of boys graduated lastNumber

December 971 much reading.) Extracts From His History Written in

Number of boys graduated last 1838 Lesson TwentyFour March 1,025 of the Ten Tribes (Continued from September)Stakes 10 1 Restoration with 100% enrollment

Wards with 100% enrollment 455 Scriptural Importance. "22. I soon found, however, that

Percentage of enrollment for en- 2. Whit our, Church Today my telling the story had excited a great

tire Church 86% Teaches concerning the Restoration of deal of prejudice against me among the Ten Tribes. professors of religion, and was the cause

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Scriptural3. The Importance.Gathering ofOrsonthe JewsHyde's ofto increase;great persecution,and thoughwhichI wascontinuedan obLessons Mission to Palestine. scure boy, only between fourteen and

4. Part of the Tenth Article of fifteen years of age, and my circumPrepared by Elder George W. Skidmore, Faith, "We believe in the literal gatherstances in life such as to make a boy of

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Supervisor, ing of Israel and in the restoration of no consequence in the world, yet men

Logan Ninth Ward, Cache Stake the Ten Tribes."of high standing would take notice suf-

(Continued from September Era) 5. What our Church today teaches ficient to excite the public mind against

Lesson TwentyTwo concerning6. ShowthehowGatheringIsrael is ofbeingthe Jews.gathme,this wasand createcommona bitteramongpersecution;all the sectsand

1. The Kingdom of Judah. Its ered. all united to persecute me.

Destruction. 7. Have each member of the class "23. It caused me serious reflection

2. Captivity of Judah. Destruction tell what country he or his ancestors then, and often has since, how very

of Jerusalem. came from. (This will impress the strange it was that an obscure boy, of a

little over fourteen years of age, and one, 3. Jeremiah—Lehi—Mulek. principle of the gathering.)

4. Death of Zachariah. His fam- 8. The appearance of Moses and too, who was doomed to the necessity

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 617

sects of of the day, and being maintenance a scantyof obtaining by very My Reasons for Joining the a years, those tenderhis daily labor, and persecuted should be thought by character of sufficient importance to atwho ought to have been my friends Church of Jesus Christ of kindly, great totract have treated the attention ones and of the of and me if Latterday Saints to they deluded be the day, of supposedthe most popular sects and me to in a manner to create in them a spirit have endeavored in a proper and afBy R. M. Bryce Thomas, London,

of the most bitter persecution and refectionate manner to have reclaimed England it temptato all ofviling. kinds strange so was left or not, But was, me—I (Continued from September Era)

all of tions; and, great kinds mingling with the cause of oftenand it was

sorrow to myself. society, I frequently fell into many PREVIOUS to my visiting Salt Lake

"24. However, it was nevertheless foolish errors, and displayed the weak- *"City, Utah, in the months of July

a fact that I had beheld a vision. I ness of youth, and the foibles of huand August, 1896, I knew nothing of

have thought since, that I felt much man nature; which, I am sorry to say, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterlike Paul, when he made his defense led me into divers temptations, offensive day Saints beyond the fact that it was

before King Agrippa, and related the acin the sight of God. commonly known as the Mormon

count of the vision he had when he "29. In consequence of these things, Church.

still light a a voice; heardsaw and nearly stay of a month During my felt I often weakcondemned for my

there were but him; few I those who believed heard City from Salt Lake the in imperfections; ness when, on and

some said he was dishonest, others said evening of the above mentioned quite unconnected with their Church he was mad; and he was ridiculed and twentyfirst of September, after I had that the socalled Mormons, but whom

allreviled. this did destroy not But as designate Lat- "the shall hereafter night, I I retired for the bed to my

seenthe reality vision. of his bad peaceHe Saints,"terday most were the to supplicaprayer betook myself and

a vision, he knew he had, and all the tion to Almighty God for forgiveness loving and quiet of people, honest, persecution could under heaven citizens, thrifty, well behaved good and follies, also for not of and all my sins and they and thoughmake it otherwise; their to poor, exceedingly kind and I to a manifestation me, that might

persecute death, yetshould unto him after that so well looked who were state before standing and know of my his latest to knew,he and would know begging was not known among full in confidence for obpublic him; I had

breath, that he had both seen a light and taining a divine manifestation, as I them.

heard a voice speaking unto him, and previously had done. I found that this people possessed a

all the world could not make him think beautiful Temple and a very fine or believe otherwise. "30. While I was thus in the act Tabernacle, with grounds prettily laid

"25. So it was with me. I had acof calling upon God I discovered a light out and well cared for; their houses,

tually seen a light, and in the midst of appearing in my room, which contoo, were neat and picturesque, with that light I saw two personages, and tinued to increase until the room was nice gardens attached to them, while they did in reality speak to me; and lighter than at noon day, when imthey could boast of a Tabernacle Choir

though I was hated and persecuted for mediately a personage appeared at my of about 600 men and women, the best saying that I had seen a vision, yet bedside, standing in the air, for his feet that I have ever heard. Everything to

it was true; and while they were persedid not touch the floor. do with this people appeared to be most

cuting me,- reviling me, and speaking "31. He had on a loose robe of excellently managed and looked after,

all manner of evil against me falsely most exquisite whiteness. It was a while their missionaries were preaching

for so saying, I was led to say in my whiteness beyond anything earthly I the Gospel in most parts of the world, heart: Why persecute me for telling had ever seen; nor do I believe that any having gone out altogether at their own

the truth? I have actually seen a earthly thing could be made to appear cost, and at a very great sacrifice of self

vision, and who am I that I can withso exceedingly white and brilliant. His in all cases. The Church organization

stand God, or why does the world hands were naked, and his arms also, of the Saints, too, appeared to be comthink to make me deny what I have a little above the wrists; so, also, were plete and effective, and it became eviactually seen? For I had seen a vision; his feet naked, as were his legs, a little dent to me that they were a very in-

I knew it, and I knew that God knew above the ankles. His head and neck teresting and extraordinary people, and

it, and I could not deny it, neither were also bare. I could discover that I therefore decided to secure some of

dared I do it, at least I knew that by he had no other clothing on but this their books, especially the Book of so doing I would offend God, and come robe, as it was open, so that I could Mormon, in order to learn more of under condemnation. see into his bosom. their character and doctrines.

"26. I had now got my mind satisfied so far as the sectarian world was

concerned; that it was not my duty to

join with any of them, but to continue as I was until further directed. I had

found the testimony of James to be true, that a man who lacked wisdom might ask of God, and obtain, and not be upbraided.

"27. I continued to pursue my common vocations in life until the twentyfirst of September, one thousand eight

hundred and twentythree, all the time suffering severe persecution at the hands of all classes of men, both religious and irreligious, because I continued to affirm vision. that a I had seen

"28. the space of time WMMMiMmmM During

which intervened between the time I PRIESTHOOD LEADERS AND BOYS OF HYDE PARK WARD, CACHE STAKE WHO HAVE MADE had the vision and the year eighteen REMARKABLE RECORD. EVERY AVAILABLE BOY AND YOUNG MAN 12 TO 17 HAS BEEN BROUGHThundred twentythree—having been INTO ACTIVITY 100% ARE REGISTERED IN SCOUTING AND VANGUARD WORK AND PARTICIPATE

forbidden to join any of the religious IN THE CHURCH PROGRAM

-618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

This I did, and after I had read some that book (Book of Mormon) it is covered the commencement of apostasy of their publications a light seemed to clearly stated that the great apostate in the seven truest churches of Chrisdawn upon me, and I commenced to church would be upon the earth when tians among those then existing. (Rev.

wonder if we were living in the times the book itself would come to light. chap. 1, 2 and 3.) The other branches

of the great apostasy which had been In Revelation St. John spoke of the of the then Christian church would

predicted in so many parts of the inapostate church of the latter days as appear to have gone altogether wrong, spired scriptures. I quote a few refer- "Babylon"(Rev. 14:8), and as for these seven were, it seems the only

ences to these predictions, but these are "Mystery, Babylon the great, the ones worth divine mention, and they by no means all. (Isaiah 24:1-5 mother of harlots and abominations of too were becoming so corrupt even in

Matthew 24:4-31; Acts 20:29, 30 the earth"(Rev. 17:5), and he added those early days that God threatened

II Thess. 2:3, 8, 9, 10; Timothy 4 that this apostate church was to rule them with complete rejection.

1-3; II Timothy 3:1-5; II Timothy peoples, multitudes, nations and In order to enable me to arrive at a

4:3, 4; Revelation, chapter 1, 2 and tongues (Rev. 17:15), which would just and proper conclusion, it was

3; Revelation 17:2-5.) My mind make it almost if not quite universal. necessary for me to turn to the Bible

expanded still more when I had careNow the question which concerned as my guide, and to ascertain therefrom fully read through the Book of Morme was whether the Church of Engwhat constituted the primitive Church mon, a book which I found to be reland, of which I was a member, was a of Christ, and what were the exact docplete with divine truths and elevating portion of that church to which the trines and ordinances as laid down by principles, and which bore the very Bible predictions in respect to the great Him and as taught and practiced by strongest testimony to the truths conapostasy referred, or whether the church His Apostles.

tained in the Bible, both in the Old and of Rome or some other Christian the New Testament, a book, too, which church, was the only one alluded to.

it plain a easy Christian of understandingmade church and was That to yO love truth for truth's sake is parts referred texts in the Bible the Bible the of that appear whichso many at present to be vague, or regarding is not, I think, likely to be denied by the principal part of human perwhich the numerous sects of Christenanyone, and indeed we know that even fection in this world, and the seeddom have set themselves against each in as early days as those in which John plot of all other virtues."John

other in argument and dispute. In the Revelator himself lived, he disLocke.

The Old Bailey King'sthe attorneycounsel,for thethe judgedefensecheckedwhen paredwere convictedthat all andsixteengivendefendantssentences (Continued from gage 591) he asked his witness a "leading"ranging from four months to four- j* -4 question. The judge sometimes teen years. It required six and a

Justice case. the to hear half weeks quesattorney's the in intervened Bushell, Vere, EdwardThomas the in on commenting in Humphreys, the witness tioning took and to give refused ten others,and who

service the rendered nine by men material all the himself, that hand, although verdict againsta them, constituted that three and out. facts women be brought At might for withoutlocked food up two enthe following the jury, testihad of the notes times he made final fined theirnights for and were

light offer: to "It to is no comium witness to the rereading mony, case guilty.verdict of not of The that, citizens of twelve to ask correct. thing were notes sure the a bethese reviewed jurymen was on

beeven reward, without the without as to question There no was corpus, ofwrit Chief habeas and extheir outof-pocket ing paid situaof the complete dominating deliveredJustice the opinVaughn detached penses, be should they tion Lord."by "My established of theion Court which for avocations their ordinary from observations the above may To their right give to of juriesthe

verdict according to their convicbe added an incident reported in a such a period as six weeks."

tions. London newspaper of a reprimand One other case heard at the Old

given an attorney who had apBailey during the summer attracted

But what of the Old Bailey inpeared in a white waistcoat in attention. Two youths had been

situation of today? How does it court: "I can't hear you and I arrested, after a lively chase and a

function in the midst of the comcan't see you. White waistcoats sharp encounter, for what was

plexities of modern life? When are not permitted to be worn in stated to be the first armed robbery

the American tourists were ushered court. It is an ancient rule which in England in which the American

into the Old Bailey courtroom they I am going to observe."methods of the sawnoff shot

were at once impressed with the gun was used. One of the culprits

prevalence of the conventions of the (""")UT of this formalism and adwas sentenced to five years penal past. Not only the judges but the herence to convention seemed servitude and eighteen strokes of

barristers as well, wore gowns and to proceed a dignity that inspired the birch, and the other, four years wigs. The old time quill pens respect. The success of the Old penal servitude and twelve strokes

were in use by some of the lawyers Bailey institution in apprehending of the cat. "The judges of the

none seemed to have a fountain criminals and meting out punishland,"said the court in passing pen. The judge was addressed as ment appeared refreshing in view of sentence, "are determined that this

"My Lord."There was no crossAmerican laxity in law enforcesort of offence shall not be allowed

firing by attorneys as is so often ment. The case in court at the to gain ground in this kingdom."

seen in American courts. The contime of the American visitors'atTheir youth, however, the judge

stant objecting to questions as "intendance, is a striking example of added, elicited some degree of competent, irrelevant, and immathe efficiency of the English court. mercy. Had they been more material"was conspicuous by its abThere were sixteen defendants tured, each would have received ten

scence, and in consequence the takcharged with conspiracy to defraud years penal servitude, together with ing of frequent exception to the rulinsurance companies through starttheir flogging.

ing of the court was also absent. ing fires and collecting insurance. In these cases are reflected the

Without suggestion from the So carefully had the case been prespirit of the Old Bailey of today.

.

'. '.. ':':::..'.'

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. Y. A. STREET M. W. MAIN NORTH I. A. Y. M. M. CITY, UTAH LAKE 50SALT FOX, RUTH MAY SMITH, GEORGE ALBERT CANNON, GRANT LUCY R. LYMAN, RICHARD A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA Offices Y. M. I. A. General W. BALLARD, MELVIN ELSIE HOGAN BUILDING BISHOP'S A.J. OSCAR KIRKHAM Secretary Executive CITY, UTAH Secretary Executive LAKE SALT33

iimiiiiiimiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimiimiiimii mini iimmiiimtimimiimiiiiiiumimmiiiiiMiiimiiiui miiitiiimiiiumiiiiiiniiuiiiniiiutiiiHinimiiimniiiiiuiimiiiiii iminiiuiiiiii iiiiiiimimiimiim

in be made as quickly and orDecemberSunday Evening Joint should possible. as derly a manner

of Public Speaking, Program APrograms be exceptionshould program This Music, and Stories.

It prepared well and presented.Under Direction of the ally

M. J. A. Officers is to be remembered that it is being 1. Hymn—"O Say What is Truth."

should evening and given Sunday on 2. Adult. Prayer—An the at uplifting and spiritual and beNovember 3 or Instrumental. Music—Chorus underan the audience give time sameBeeHive sacred illustrating It some be one might BeeHive for feeling a of standing and Appreciathe in studied Music theme Song—"PutProgram Your Shoulder to learnwell be should songs work. The course. tionthe working begin 1. Wheel"—Congregation. should BeeKeepers ed.

2. Prayer. TenMinute 4. The as beMutual this soon program as Slogan—A on

3. the Public Address. be from Should necessary the so Song of Joy—BeeHive Girls. that gins in September

4. Glimpsing Through Our Beethought and preparation may be given Speaking group.

Hive Program (20 5. to ten minutes it. min.)—Bee- A Story-—fiveKeeper. course. appreciation that from program on the "Music-—The item Girls. 5. Music-—BeeHive 6. Music. consist of violin Girls"may 6. Builders'Purpose (5 MinBee-Hive The

7. subject such some trio, quartette, or duet, a Builder Speech—Onutes)—A as Personality of Jesus,""The is that "The It desired BeeHive chorus. Gatherers'7. Honey in the Song—HoneyHive. number, Jesus,"Philosophy of Mission "The this but girls shall give number, it mayGatherers'Swarm.

8. What BeeHive Work Has Done be a special number other than Beeexpressed in the Beatitudes,""The

"Joseph Smith of Christmas,"be apSpirit songs. However, it must HiveFor Me (5 min.)—A Gatherer of Leader."service. as a Religious for a propriate Sunday eveningHoney. 9. Our Inspiration (The BeeHive The talk "The Builders'Purpose"8. Music—A Ladies or a Mixed

presenting from Chorus, numbers the in should be in a Builder Hive byPromise with Salute)—All BeeHive selections chosen General Music girl by the is looking the the what nature ofGirls.

Committee. work. to in her BeeHive forward We 10. Womanho Call-—BeeHive 9. Benedicton. all Builders'the suggest that SwarmGirls.

Builders'arise the Purpose repeat and 1 1. Inspirational a memTalk—by the girl of direction the under a of the Stake Presidency,ber High who is January

Councilman, a member of the M. I. A. to give the talk. She should analyze

Stake Board, or other fine speaker. the Builders'Purpose as it appeals to A Youth Program Similar to That

to tell expects she her and what do Given Sunday Evening of 12. Song—"Carry On"—Congrethat to year during the coming live by June Conferencegation.

that purpose. BeeHive Also show 13. Prayer.

cell filling activities in the and work earned BeeLines Badges Merit and 2. the Builders'will aid in living her up to 1. OrganInvocation—aprelude. GleanerSacredGirl.number. girls during BeeHive the summerby

3. or a Resound""The Heavens Purpose. some might on She comment at also this meeting. be awardedmay I. A. mixed number by the M. fields has new she in the various of the cells just beawardsThese might be made

fore singing of the Womanho Call and (Continued on page 628) chorus. 4. Greetings—President of the Y.

M. or Y. W. M. I. A. who will

then turn the meeting over to the

Presidents of the Ward M Men and

Gleaner organizations.

5. Address of welcome and announcement of the program—Ward M Men President.

6. "Come, Come, Ye Saints"

Congregation.

7. Challenge to Youth—A leader

in the Priesthood such as Bishop or other Adult and a Y. W. M. I. A.

Leader such as the Young Women's

President or the President of the Relief

Society or someone else who will prePALMYRA! STAKE FATHERS'AND SONS'OUTING HELD JULY S AT PALMYRA STAKE RANCH IN pare well for the occasion (20 minSPANISH FORK CANYON. 735 REGISTERED IN BOOK. utes).

.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 8. "True to the Faith,"—Choir, Priesthood Stake President. They are DvorakStickles No. 3118—Chappelchorus, or congregation. music. Harms—15c per copy. 9. The Answers: The stake music festival should again 3. To Be Sun on the Water—Schu- "We Will Continue in His Word"be held sometime during February, bert No. 5999—Carl Fischer—15c

March or April, the numbers presented per copy.

"We Will Build Latterday Saint at this time being the outgrowth of the 4. Let Us Rejoice, All Ye Faithful

Homes and Communities"-—a Gleaner. season's work. The program for the—GraunSaar No. 5 134—Carl Fischer "We Will Carry the Torch"-—an festival may consist of more selections—15c per copy.M Man. given by individual ward groups than 5. Gypsy Fires—Bryceson Treharne "By My Actions I Will Prove My heretofore and fewer ensemble numNo. 5206—Carl Fischer—15c perAllegiance to the Church"—an M bers. This will motivate ward work. copy.Man. Mixed ensemble numbers as well as 6. Pirate Dreams—Charles Huerter 10. "Carry On."selections for male and ladies'voices are No. 13715—Oliver Ditson—15c per

11. Benediction. found in the material used at the Noble copy.

Note: All of the speeches in this Cain course, referred to above. It is 7. Last Night—KjerulfStickles No.program must be unusually well prealso suggested that some of the numbers 3123—Chappel Harms—15c per

pared if the program is to be effective. previously given at our general festivals copy.

Furthermore, the leaders must be able might be used again, such as "Swing 8. Grant Me True Courage Lord

to give the Gleaners and M Men who Low Sweet Chariot"and the "PilBach No. 806—G. Schirmer 12c per

give the answers an idea of what they grim's Chorus"from Tannhauser. copy.

are going to say in order that the These numbers are.found in Program 9. Serenade—SchubertTrinkaus

answers may be effective. Chorus Book which has been very No. 5098—Carl Fischer—15c per

widely used in the M. I. A. copy.

February lowingIn additionfor maletoandthisladies'we offervoices.the folBoise Stake Reports Success

Boy Scout and Vanguard Program Men's Voices (*)P special interest to Boise Stake 1 ""of the Harlech March Men projects the been have summer will This prepared be program by copy. per No. this year. Folks'carried Day, on Old of Schirmer—9c 5385—G.the Scout Committees Vanguard and 2. Eisler Kalmus Roadways of the—Stake sponsored Board—M. by theof be will General pubBoard and Street, Publishing Co., West 57th 209 I. the Bishops in cooperation with A.lished in in Era Improvement The per copy. 15c York New special committees every of and ward City—forplenty of preparatime thorough 3. Sing a With a Yo Me prothe at Tabernacle. held was Ation. this course program when Of Heave Fox presented, consisting exof gram was Ho—No. Chantey0184—Samit is published to modified be may copy. per 15c cellent address of musical numbers, an the the wards. needs various ofmeet 4. the Bless Lord, Soul O My President Hale, Heber welcome by Q. No. 833—Boston Music Co.—15c tributes to the Pioneers of Boise Stake

a lovely banquet, for which tables andMarch, April, May per5.copy.In Luxembourg Gardens—-No. in decorated the park, spread with werePrograms Similar to that Outlined 73 71—G. Schimer—-12c per copy. attractive flowers and good food.for December 6. The BellMan—Forsyth—No. The M. I. A. candidate for Cen-

1 5 c copy. per 1361 tennial introduced with was Queen Ditson—4—Oliver later the months, wards During may

7. E'er Lo, a Blooming Rose How nice the pro- a In afternoon ceremony. if desire. so theyexchange programs

Series Concord No. 24-—people furnished from gram was by—Praetorius is these that meetings four thoughtThe copy. per E. C. age. years of eightyseven sixty to Chirmer—8c to those give excellentwill opportunity 7-13 8. of Song 663 all close the to at Badges given were Bohemia—No. apprevarious are studying thewho copy. Fischer per 15c and It this occasion. the of wonderful was—J. Bro.—ciation courses.

9. Golden 7655—first its in the Stake of held kind day Slippers—No. different the approach As months copy. per 15c G. I. is the to A. have proud and M. Schirmer—thesehelpful notes proconcerning

grams will appear in The ImproveLadies'Voices sponsored it.

is to scheduled next event big The 1. Turn Thee Era.ment Me—Katherine in given conbe to be the Hobby Show 491—-G.to these Davis—No. object in printing proThe Schirmer—16c Quarterly nection Conference with our per copy. is rethis early to give thosegrams

sponsible for their preparation ample 2. Songs My Mother Taught Me (Continued on gage 629)

time. They are to keep in mind the

fact that all Sunday evening meetings are to be spiritual in nature and are to be as unified as they can be made.

Suggestions to Music Directors TT is the aim of the music department of the M. I. A. to foster choral music

as has been done in previous years.

Choruses should be organized and motivated in every possible way. For

material, we refer you to the music used at the Noble Cain Course in Conducting which was given during the week following June Conference (see

August Era). Sample copies of all of

the numbers used in this course have OUTINGNORTH SANPETEJULY 24. STAKEPICTUREFATHERS'TAKEN ONANDSTEPSSONS'OF ANDMANTIMOTHERS'TEMPLE ANDUPON DAUGHTERS'RETURN FROMANDSKYSCOUTLINE

been sent to each stake in care of the DRIVE 1A71TH mutuals ready to begin in the Stake. With a quota of 110 they are provement Era"envelopes were used

VV thousand and more wards of the already credited with 114. as dance programs.

Church, plans are being completed for An unusually fine piece of work is 1 7th Ward, Mount Ogdenan Era drive which promises to be the being done in the Sixteenth Ward, rGDEN most successful ever carried on. Some Salt Lake Stake, where W. H. EarnStake, says the letter which is sent

bethe letterhead bearing out shown fostering has been shaw, Era Director, have notwards have waited—they success. to ticket low do with their had much the and applying programs and have gone out and the gunjumped

finished the race already. purchases as payments on Improvement They are on the budget system. They

Croyden Ward, Morgan Stake, deEra subscriptions. He has enough assess the families able to pay $12.00

termined to be first this year, since they names on his lists now of people who per year and allow them to choose one missed being first only by minutes last have purchased tickets to make his Church magazine. Those interested

year, turned in their entire in establishing the budget sysquota and one more on July 10. tem might write Ogden 17th

but the was small, wardThe STOP! LOOK! LISTEN! for their plan. 25 was big.work On August

came the following wire from The Whole Town's Talking About The Stakes and Wards Well

Montpelier Stake: Organized ERA BALL AUG 25, 1934. IMPROVEMENT received from pEPORTS Where?

IMPROVEMENT ERA AT BEAUTIFUL RADIOLAND members of the M. I. A. CITY, LAKESALT UTAH visited conhave Boards who When?

effect that, are to ventions the STAKE 29, 1934MONTPELIER NIGHT, AUGUST AND WEDNESDAY the the in main, campaign EraMONTPELIER FOURTH Couple 50c Per Admission this successful will unusually be HEREWITH AREWARD

CELEBRATING STOP Music by Nite Hawk Orchestra year if preliminary work is any

FOURTH WARD HAS TOPublic Invited criterion. Nearly all of the

this fall far thus visited stakesNIGHT MORE THAN solicitors their are getting ward TOP -*w THEGONE OVER

WITH THEIR QUOTA OF gathered up and educated for

ERAS AND ARE STILL GOING quota and he expects to have the entire the intensive drive during Era Week, the opening night amount by to 21. of October 14 HUNDRED FORSTRONG TWO

foegan entertainments His Mutual. wards have already gone over A few ARE HOPSTOPPERCENT WE

ING THEY ARE FIRST IN early in the summer with a strawberry the top, but the campaign will be most charged for he which the all of next 25c a intensive when month STOP CHECK SENT BY festivalCHURCH sell enough to ticket. was able action. into He stakes will swing No MAIL TONIGHT.

R. RAY NIXON, ERA DIRECTOR. tickets to nonresidents of the ward to stake has as yet gone over the top and

MONTPELIER, STAKE. pay all of his expenses. there probably will not be until after

Era week.

Since this telegram was received we Twin Falls Stake Tries a have had word from Montpelier Stake Last Minute Bulletin that Montpelier Second Ward has gone New Era "KyfANILA Ward, Timpanogos Stake, *- "- has gone over the top. Every over the top with a subscription of 46; "TWIN FALLS STAKE had a unique

their quota is 43. ball on August 29 which was exsubscriber of last year resubscribed, acThe largest ward, and the third to pected to produce enough money to cording to C. L. Warnick, Era reprego over the top this year, is the Ogden meet the quota or to make the remainsentative, and he is adding other names

Seventeenth Ward, Mount Ogden ing work easy. "Save For The lmto the list.

i*p. ill- *.sivV

..

622 ARE ALL ABOARD?

IT'S A JOY RIDE!

An Adult Excursion Into spiritsdown andinto enfeebledsenselessnessfaculties.with stuntedGo not course,arise whensome theyquestionsare cannot,confused.perhapsOf

New Fields of Joy by unpityingly. Each is a child of should not, be settled.

price. hesitate beyond Leader should Group No God—precious 1 Vehicles. Main Two facts state matter the any upon on into deadly the from Arouse them a. (carries us Adult Manual The clearly the has which spoken. Church the and that atrophies activity mind. spiritual the into realm) up things. do many know We stultifies from soul. them Lead the b. (for exAppreciation Courses

ploring the cultural and aesthe dank, cheerless prisons of their shut thetic world) in selves out into the sunshine and Little Joys Lengthen Life life. smiling of a goodly and freedom other Alternate to the one from

live? to years has one many T TOW of heights the to look them Bid up a tour. "Half and complete make

life the experts insurance of The life held Israel high as the to symbol ain't doin's count."way no You length figure average the companies out wilderness the in hands Moses'for by vicariously ride in cannot one

life a in occupations, varying man's to of them whole. Impel be made and the other.

tell they environments, but cannot and drink the elixir of life that is life inthe to one important what is most deed.

live. to long he has 2.—InviteTour Leaders.all. individual—how—Make everyone comfortable. "Fortune may end one's life to-—Choose the route. morrow. How wasteful, therefore, -—-Maintain the time schedule. A Prayer to fuss and to think scatteringly, to

inspire guide and me TPATHER, insignificant, baffled the of be swarm by 3.—ToSide Trips. dally with the trifles of the day, to life. larger for the in my search oppressive incidents so the to miss and

that insight—Helpfulhomeshikesof hobbyists.(projects). Quicken I may my living, pleasure, success the through of

see the the obvious beyond and authority to lack of command trite. vision of Enlarge my4.—ForMain Stops.Social Enterprises. attitude!"the mental Magazine, Bigelow—For Exhilarating Activities. beautiful and the true. Save me one's—For Personal Experiences and from pedantry, selfworship and

Observations. selfpity. Help me to find the UA Guide to Civilized

in nature Oct. 30, Jan. 29, Apr. 30. forces through my own

enrich the lives Loafing"which most I may

OverstreetPersonal Experience Night mindfulof others.thatMaytrue Iculturenever radiatesbe unBy H. A.

for the Adult Department gentlesimplicity, throughOctober 30 love title. THEJ. readingbook course the unusual has repose. to exness and Help me

"VKTHAT stirring stories will then be press graciously the vision I shall 'A Guide to Civilized Loafing.'This

told, what precious experiences find. When I fail, look Thou title may connote in the minds of some

revealed, what sacred confidences shared with compassion into my heart, an idea of spending time unprofitably, in these intimate M. I. A. Adult circles and read there what I aspired to whereas in reality the book is devotedof which love and mutual confidence be and was not. Amen.—Fredto just the opposite idea. It attempts

are the center. erick Ames Staff. to place civilization into leisure time

Let no adult lose the privilege of in such a way that the leisure will be enjoyed and at the same time be presentbeing group on the in his own profitable.evening 30th. of October Leader Should Group paral- "I that believe goes this book Prepare contribution your now for

to the real objective of I. A- M.? lel "Settle"Questionsthis unique, soul satisfying occasion.

There will be only two other such leisure time guidance more than any opportunities this season. Invite your THE* somenotioncircleshasthatbeenthe mostadvancedsuccessin ingbookcourses.we have Overstreethad on anyhasof writtenour readaneighbors!

ful discussion is one that leaves "all number of books on similar subjects, in the air."But, we answer the above and he is therefore well prepared to

Save the Dying question unhesitatingly: "Yes, if he discuss this particular topic. He writes

can."Provided always, however, that in a fascinating style, and he makes it

TJHEAVEN never looks down upon the Leader can draw a conclusion for a real pleasure to read his book.

a more awful sight than suicide the group after the discussion is over "The discussion of a serious subject of the soul;—the smothering of the diby presenting the clearly stated facts of of this kind might be very dry, but in

vine spark within. Mormonism. These facts are not open this case the writer's style carries one

In the name of Him who taught to question. Inferences on the other through the subject matter in a very

love, mercy and righteousness for life's hand are matters of opinion and no attractive manner. It is a book that

sake and to revivify the dying race, Leader should insist that his own indiall officers of Mutual Improvement, rewe charge you—help save the dying! vidual notions or inferences be accepted gardless of department, could do well

Those numb, dumb, inert, torpid, by the group. All should learn to disto read, because it would offer many

stolid souls who cannot cry out for tinguish between a fact and an infersuggestions to them in their work."

help, but who are hopelessly sinking ence. Difficulties in discussion often Dr. Franklin S. Harris.

fliilll life-'ISis appointed unto Priesthood and receives an appointment mission whose"J. Golden Kimball"those Because Gospel. having auof those under the hands to preach the them

rPHE reeding course book for this year the instruction is that "they shall speak thority, the Holy Ghost should be is certain to be of interest to every as they are moved upon by the Holy with him. That is, if he lives his.

member of the Senior Class. It would Ghost."* * * religion and does his duty and lives a

be well if the class members in the President Woodruff said: clean life.

various wards would get started on the "There is not a man on God's footBrother Woodruff continues:

book early in order that they might be stool that is sent forth into the world "The Bible is all right. The Book

is all right. The Doctrineable to use it, upon occasions, as a subto preach the Gospel but ought to have of Mormon

ject for conversation. At the Annual the Spirit of the Lord unto him and and Covenants is all right, and they

Conference last April President Kimball the revelation of God to him. The proclaim the word of God. But the

is not confined toadded a gem to his long list of gems. holy Priesthood and power of God holy Priesthood

seer, the prophet, these does not stop that with books; is given speech that extract fromAn

revelator, just cease leading or Apostle, not men is, whenthe revelationsthese booksof"God did thehere, bringing Claude by book the Church."J. GoldenRichards up to date. of

104th The reason for this is that every man Kimball—Reportwere written."Presidentof Discourse—

who is honored by holding this holy Annual Conference, pp. 3233.

Thought and Its Expression Z.

in. leisure exhibited ducts of time were is great in but safety thought,""THERE a You Hobby? Have Do the Senior Deseret Gymnasium. The * in one's of expression the danger to of an encouragement members AS is get especially eager to Committeethoughts."** to select the a enjoy I. A. and M. of department the Senior every member is think idea to and have some The

a held hobby, at June was show hobby in interested they doing something still talk. keep Thatstudy but not and

conference various proand many when "just to do."love ais, sit fence the just be and you on

cudchewing cow and watch the proAmong worthwhile hobbies is that cession go by. You listen and hearken of wood carving. The picture of the

and let knowledge sing in your soul, Big Horn accompanying this article just as a sponge absorbs water, and angives some idea of what some people swer in monosyllables. Some wise can do when they apply themselves.

men never express a thought. Why? This Big Horn was carved by an InBecause they trust in the arm of flesh. dian, J. L. Clarke, living in or near

Fear creeps into their hearts. Glacier National Park, out of a block

That is, you assume an air of owlish from a native cottonwood log. The

wisdom and get a plastercast expresman took unusual pains with his subsion on your face and conclude that ject and has created a piece of art that silence and mental dryness are indicais of unusual interest.

tive of wisdom, but such people seldom This piece is but one of many curios if ever get a bright idea in their heads to be found in Superintendent George or a generous sentiment in their hearts. Albert Smith's office—nearly all of

Such men are halfway men. In a them examples of the hobbies

million years they couldn't prophesy. of his friends. Superintendent

If God put the words into their mouths Smith says that collecting the fear of criticism and misunderstandcurious and beautiful things ing would put them to silence. * * * might be said to be one of his

Arthur Henry Young believes "that hobbies.

thought is the most sacred thing in This Big Horn was given to the world."Of what use is thought if Superintendent Smith during

there is no way of giving expression to one of his trips to Canada, by thought? There never was genius Jack Galbreath, of Browning,

without inspiration. Montana, a part blood BlackIn a revelation to Joseph Smith in feet Indian.

1831 the Lord said: Wood carving is but one of

"But with some I am not well many fields which offer oppleased, for they will not open their portunity. Ray Knight, of

mouths, but they hide the talent which Raymond, Alberta, braids

I have given unto them, because of the jockey whips during his leisure fear of man. Wo unto such, for mine winter hours; Thomas K.

anger is kindled against them. Greaves and his son, of Pres-

"And it shall come to pass, if they ton, Idaho, build motor boats;

are not more faithful unto me, it shall some man in Monroe grows be taken away, even that which they asters—loads of them—as withave."(Doc. and Cov. 60:2-3.) ness the recent M. I. A. convenThis ought to be an example unto tion at Richfield. A lady I know, though

all those who are ordained to the Holy she doesn't paint, makes art yield joy.

Priesthood and moved upon by the Senior Friend, what is your hobby?

Holy Ghost, and more especially to W Why not write and tell us about it?"

SPiiSIEiS

iiiiii i |;SS:;SyS: lllllllffi::.;.:.:.:;

unfold our philosophy of life which and Wards. Please write your sugFellowM Men—Greetings will chart the course of our lives. It gestions to us at 50 North Main Street,

is then that we will sense a great sea of Salt Lake City, Utah.jVTEVER in the history of M Men

* activities has the world held out undiscovered ideas and we shall be conSincerely your brother, to us such a challenge as confronts us cerned with making it a reservoir to Charles J. Parkinson,

this year. This challenge lies before be tapped and we shall see the truly President Church M Men.

us in the form of great sweeping great and beautiful in life together.

this to us this journey of To most in the economicchanges and Question and The will dispel clouds of foggy many are land hours aboutworld us—workingsocial living. thinking slovenly and Our arthe Answer are hard toshorter—jobsis all about us. find—plenty rival in the land of true Christian living

The day of the Pioneer and hearty will be as though we lifted our heads By Carlyle Nibley, an M Man frontiersman life is ended, we must now above the clouds and feasted on the sunLa Grande, Oregon if shine are above. glory So, and wesettle philosophy a evolve to down goest Zion, whither of Youth \H, it to frontiersmen the be must be on live together to us all will allowwhich thou W frontier in the highest of philosophy, reflection achievementsin comfort, and latter these In days import? of such religion social best good. the and there are longer perfection.in No heritage regard sacred thou Dost thy

lands to be conquered in the West. In realization of this concept the And doing thus cause favorable report

Through the ages the history of great General Board of the M. I. A. have Of thee and all thy actions done,

thatcivilizations indicate to us our for the achievement a policy adopted Celestial reach to that Being home To fraught are deepseatedproblems and de- a excellence personal through of his each counts as mortal own; Who history of dangers. gravewith The "gifts the us."within velopment his goes about unerring? work Who

the ancient was Greeks and Romans the for the program Thus Men youth, speak say speaking Mof Oh out—and phases. intobroken up two major The I. set has us year"coming A. "M. all dost that's thou good. That honor

historiesearly these of two the higher great peowith our faces toward thou life. That do things which make from

concerning problems that theples show particular, In urge upon we should to day day theirthe to country people were make all officers the supervisors of and sure M to the footpath of God. Realm A provision thesecure nation as a and early in organization to organize of Men is calls This and a task which for work

citizenry, confor the"plenty"by the stake Elect each ward. your and ward prayer,

lands. ofquering This was new the officers their names send and and reverent to carry on ad- A subject—for pioneer. the came ofproblem Then dresses in Salt so that to us City Lake in That which your forebears deemed

period contemplativethe reflective and unit. as a work we may yesteryear

rest could physically fromwhen men cause, most worthy to go A righteous will work Man The Master M reaping, planting, ofthe hardships belong."shall expect this year and forward we visible in thebuilding and conquering

excellence. this of earn to award many great then turnedworld. minds The heard voice no old was man's The conGuide and Handbook The Men M the solution a discussionto of and more, the for all information comthe tains life, the find inner ofproblems and we silence which of the wings But on the notice Please pleted program. its Aristotle, Socrates,Greece producing ensued, presentation for the adopted ceremonies Aristophenes.Plato, Philetus and to a There grew sound which came as well as medals, and awards of the to givenChristianity be to soon was roar. mighty finanathletic program and enlarged the called for thethe for world, world in for to mood. him hoped And spoke tourdefray to cial help arrangements itsthe law.""higher produced Rome

great dramatists, poets, government law nament expenses. "We are the Youth to whom you

systems, philosophers and social reThe material this year from which spake, forms. These countries did not fail you will study should be both interAnswering from every corner of the

during the period of the "hard"life esting and thought provoking. world.

in truly Sire, stand wake do the Oh, ease the ofbut luxury we during and before to you appear hope We kept have banners life. whose God, we "easy"Of

to these each pages and through month unfurled, States, are in the United Today we the presenestablish publication for ease every thy at put era thatentering That may we more upon and more to tation of Views and news Men aM as the thought "age in development our known Stakes Missions, various the in Men M in part God's on our work the Concerning "contemplative theof and mind"life."Whether history will record the earth.

same end to our people as was written Ours is a blessing which will ne'er bein the instances mentioned of the Greeks M Men Pledge bought and Romans will depend very much on For worldly things which are of doubthow we react to the situation. IN order that my life might render the ful worth.

More and more we shall find ourfinest service to humanity, I sinWe seek for things which are of valueselves asking the questions—"Does Life cerely pledge my best efforts to keep great

have a purpose?""What is that purmyself clean, to fearlessly oppose Within the estimate of God's great love.

pose?""How might I attain the goal wrong, to learn modesty and manliThat we, too, may among immortals

of the 'ought to be'and the loftiest ness, and to obey the rules of true rate heights of spirituality?"From our sportsmanship. When we're transcended to our Home

answers to these reflective questions will above."

BBHBBBHBwwBHtB

( LEANER GIRLS throughout the The party is held at the Stake Taberjoin and have a dance in honor of "Church have devised numerous nacle on a Tuesday night at the regular both occasions.

ways of carrying on their annual Stake Mutual hour. It is presided over by The particular stake whose plan has

elections. In many stakes the elections the Young Women's Stake Presidency been described feels that its elections

have become rather gala affairs, second and is conducted by the Gleaner Preshave proved most successful and that only to the banquets in interest and ident of the Stake. While stunt numsuch a method has many points to

enthusiasm. One of the methods which ber one is being presented, the particirecommend it. It is carried on with a

has proved highly effective is the one pants of the next stunt assemble in the minimum of expense and a maximum which consists of introducing the wings in order that they may be ready of enjoyment. The stunts may be very

various candidates by means of short to begin as soon as the first is comsimple and yet very effective and they stunts. Perhaps a description of this pleted. This procedure carries throughoffer splendid opportunity for the deplan as it is carried on in one of the out, in order that there shall be no long velopment and display of varied talent.

Stakes would be interesting and helpful. waits. Immediately at the conclusion The fact that under this plan every

The event is termed "The Election of each act the names of thecandidates Gleaner in the stake is eligible to beParty,"and it is planned and conin that act are written on a large board come a candidate is a point in its favor.

ducted by the Stake Gleaner officers. at the front of the hall When every If properly conducted it can be the

Preparations for the occasion are beact has been given all the contestants means of enabling the girls to realize gun about a month in advance at take places on the stage and are prepractically all the purposes of the

Union meeting, at which time the sented individually once more to the Gleaner organization. It helps to train

ward Gleaner Presidents are instructed audience. Following this the voters for leadership and efficiency, is conto hold ward elections to determine assemble to cast their ballots and the ducive to greater stake and ward

who their candidate shall be, and to audience is directed to the banquet hall unity and loyalty and it serves as an prepare stunts by which to introduce where simple refreshments are served aid in increasing intellectual and social them to the Stake. These stunts are and a musical program is presented. growth.

not to exceed ten minutes and may The high point of the evening comes at the conclusion of this part of the progirls offices,present for all or three gram, of the ofTrousseau Club names when the as new desires.fewer group the ward The

ward Gleaner presidents are asked to ficers are announced and the girls are "pOR their summeractivity gatherings be prepared to report the names of their presented. It never fails to be a fitting the Gleaner girls of the 21st Ward

candidates and the number of indiclimax to a highly enjoyable affair. of Ensign Stake adopted the idea and

viduals from their wards who intend This general plan is followed by a name of "Trousseau Club."The girls

to be present at the party, at least one number of stake groups with satisfachave met on Tuesday evenings from week in advance of the affair. Each tory results. For the most part the eight to tenthirty p. m. at different

president is asked also to choose one procedures differ only in such details as homes and have plied their needles on member of her group whose duty it the manner of balloting, time of year articles varying in complexity from cast a for herwill to vote be presented.after stunts the been group for elections, length of stunt, etc. One darningcrochetedof bedspreadshose. Sherbets,to theiced prosaicbeverhave

Notice is given of a small admission stake recently has adopted the plan of ages and melons have been popular fee to be charged at the door. At this holding elections during the time that refreshments served at the close of the

time each president draws the number the M Men of the stake are assembled evening's work. An average attendwhich indicates the position of her at their banquet. At the conclusion ance of 24 has been maintained during

ward's stunt on the program. of the election the M Men and Gleaners the season.

). 4 A man who can impress one to looking for people with ideas. TheElbert Hubbard remember vividly, and recall things Roycroft plan was cooperative, and

HimAs I Knew accurately, which occurred ninehe said he had found that such a teen years ago as though but yesterplan begets a high degree of loyalty from page 586) (Continued dilito a personal day, be great. Such must man the institution—a$ -4 a be, gence. to Elbert joined with I found Hubbard People who

written in a single hour, after dinman with personality plus. That the Roycrofters felt a permanency

ner. The suggestion came from a personality radiated as brilliantly of their job and a feeling of frafriendly argument with Mr. Hubas a noonday sun. His personality ternity, and everyone who worked

bard's son, Bert, who thought was hot, it was piercing, it made with the Hubbards called it "My

Rowen the real hero of the Cuban light for people to read and underShop!"Those who associated

War. Rowen had been chosen by stand. It takes a great personality with the Roycrofters took a pride

President McKinley to carry a mesto gain a following of millions in their work and they were never sage to Garcia. He was the real such as Mr. Hubbard had and to chided for an excess of zeal, and

hero. His boy, Bert, was right. keep them boosting for one. It there was no room for the ones

The hero is the man who does a takes more than a big black Stetson who did not care to work, who work, no matter what the work hat, a black flowing tie, and a grin were not interested.

may be. He is the one who carries to make people like and remember. One bright afternoon as Elbert

the message to Garcia. Elbert Hubbard was always (Continued on page 638)

Pioneer Vanguard Troop Sets ofaskedourmeVanguardas VanguardTroopLeaderCommittee,to make sixcommitteescoutersthenwereconsistedalso members.of ten memEachNew Record—93% of Boys a report of the activities of our troop bers. The committees participated in

Registered in Scouting duringrequest thesomepasttimeseason.ago, Hemy madeletterthisto eachurgedother'saction activitiesin their butownplannedparticularand

"W"ANGUARD troop 148 of Rexburg accompany a picture of our taxidermy project. The result: attendance at

v First Ward, Fremont District, one and archery exhibit which he said was priesthood meetings was improved, 73 of the pioneer Vanguard troops of the to be printed in the Era. I have been merit badges were earned, many boys

Church and one with an outstanding most too busy to do so. I have quite passed higher rank, 43% of the troop

record of achievement, has bettered its a time keeping up with my troop comnow being 1st class or better. 36%

own splendid record by unusual accommittee. I wish all Vanguard Leaders participated in the Retold Story, and

plishment during the past year. The had as good a committee to keep them 47% have made their bows and arrows.

story of its fine work, furnished at the 'up and at it.'These percentages do not include the

request of the Vanguard committee, as "We organized our troop into four scouters who participated in all activtold in the Vanguard Leader's own committees, Priesthood, Advancement, ities. Our vanball team won its way

words is this: Story, and Archery. Each committee through to the Church finals and took

had a Vanguard chairman and all boys third place there.

"Rexburg, Idaho, in our district of Vanguard age regard- "We had 93% of the Church mem- "Aug 26, 1934. less of church affiliation or otherswise bership registered in the National Coun-

"Brother H. E. Sorensen, Chairman were members of these committees. We cil and 83% of all boys in the district

registered. 100% of the total participated to some degree in troop

activities. One activity that should

not be overlooked was the monthly troop social, or powwow, which was held in a leader's home with plenty of fun and eats.

"My work with the Vanguard troop has necessitated an average of three evenings per week, but it has been a wonderful work. The troop

committee, assistants and committee chairman have met with me every week and helped plan and discuss ways to help prepare these boys for better citizenship and activity in church work.

"An explanation of our picture should include a statement to the effect that H. E. Sorensen, troop

committeeman and instructor in taxidermy, and S. E. (Lee) Browning, troop committeeman and instructor in archery, should be highly

commended for the excellent results of their untiring efforts.

"The exhibit shows cat, dog, calf and bear hides which have been made into beautiful rugs by the boys. Brother Sorensen mounted

the deer head.

"Jesse P. Evans, Troop 148,

"Rexburg, Idaho."

A NOBLE book! All Men's

book! It is our first, oldest

statementlem,—man'sof thedestiny,neverendingand God'sprobways with him here on earth; and

all in such freeflowing outlines, grand in its sincerity, in its epic

EXHIBIT OF TAXIDERMY AND ARCHERY, VANGUARD TROOP 148, REXBURG, IDAHO, 1ST WARD, melody, and repose of reconcileFREMONT STAKE ment."Carlyle, of the Bible.

YKJITH the beginning of a new season recently: "I find that sometimes it is others or uplift to herself. Parties

level to for the necessary to step up the and girls me are advanced from '* many cocktails—trips—<lothes

ideas. theirs daughters'of sensaOften department, my the into JuniorBeeHive radio—

finer are higher mine, if I automobiles—movies—bridgetional than to and girls combined the there with to mingle who magazines—these

it it."will recognize but admit and pattern the last form the of life year. which firstyear Juniorswere To

leaders it should be a real adventure to So, Junior Leaders, go into the work bride was fashioning for herself. No

go into a group of girls and get acwhich is your calling for this season sense of triumph of accomplishment;

quainted with them, realizing that it with a heart full of prayerful determino rapturous happiness in sacrificing lies in her power to help to shape their nation to get near the girls and know herself to others; no harmonious satislives, to some extent. Teachers and their very souls. You must be one faction at finding herself part of a unigroup leaders are sometimes more efwith them in everything, yet always versal scheme had come to put meaning

fective than parents, as far as adolescent ahead of them to guide them along a into life and significance into living for girls are concerned. It becomes necespath they have never traveled before. her. She knew not what joy could be,

sary for parents to be dictatorial and Put your spirit in tune with them and for her search for it had turned inward administer discipline and to Junior you will find that they respond with and was directed toward herself alone.

girls this is not so welcome, as a rule. all the loyalty of which adolescence is "Joyous Youth,"the manual for

Leaders have the advantage of the capable—and that loyalty is immeasthe Junior girls this year is presented

pleasantness and lack of financial reurable! with the objective of helping girls to

sponsibility which makes it possible look into the channels of life through for them to get near to the girls with The Manual which joy can come. With sincere

are the girls prayerful It is the all given barriers in which down. recently to treatment, sat talking WOMAN A the opportunity the to analyze probJunior of the hope General Board com- "a group of on the young women

mittee that the opportunities thus ofquestion of having families. One girl lems of girlhood and arrive at some

conclusions blesstheir regarding solution, accepted as leaders will fered be less in early bride her of twenties—a the course that the privileges sweetof a destudy can become and ings and a than never "I want year—said:

lightful experience. experiences of the ness of charm and children! to I haven't the any nerve

contact with Junior girls will be tasted bring children into the world to face in full measure. the awful conditions girls have to Appreciation Courses

Responsibility of Leaders meet."tude she Inpointedexplainingout theherfactcynicalthat thereattiQUTLINED in the Junior Manual

- leader of girls are the courses in Activity outto sets was matnothing to do that seemed lined for the example; from -f"*A WELLLOVEDbefore them an I. A. this M. year. Under lived because ter any the actions and philosophy of their they had to,more—peoplebut no joy was to be found ideal conditions of leadership and housteachers, girls borrow ideas of their in life these days. The woman, intering each Junior group would be perown. Each leader should ask herself ested with a heartbreaking intensity mitted to choose the course preferred;

the questions: "What effect am I havin the situation, took occasion to bewith difficulties in either of the lines

ing on my girls? Will they be better come better acquainted with the soulspecified it will be necessary to cothan they are if they follow my lead? weary younger one and found that no operate with the Executives and ComWill they be less fine than they are if part of her life was given to service to munity Activity Committee to arrive

they take me as an example in some at a satisfactory arrangement for the things?"And on the answers to such Juniors.

queries should depend her own evalu- >>sim Class leaders will have tremendous ation of herself as a leader. influence on the girls in their activity

It is not easy to approach adolescent choices. A teacher who sees the congirls and impress them; and if the ditions existing and uses ingenuity to

approach is made in an atmosphere of meet them will be a gem in the work superiority the impression is lost. this year, for it will require careful

There must be on the part of the leader consideration and thoughtful planning the desire and ability to listen as to get the new machinery in motion.

well as to speak; to learn as well as to Especially is it important that Junior

teach. A Junior girl in a thoughtgirls be made to feel that the activity

lessly expressed sentence can sometimes evenings and the Manual studycourses point the way to a clear understanding are of equal importance, that neither of Junior psychology. One said to her should be neglected and that neither

teacher: "I'd give anything in the should be emphasized to the deteriment

world to be as good as you are and of the other. The Era would be happy

as goodlooking."A teacher who was to publish reports of any particularly

careless in her manner of dress, lacking successful methods and outstanding redaintiness or cleanliness of hair or teeth sults noted in Junior classes this winter.

or breath, who regarded personal atSend communications to the Junior tractiveness as unnecessary would not Committee of the General Board, 40 have appealed thus to the girl who is No. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah.

at an age to regard charm in appearance And may the season now getting and manner with greatest respect. A WESTERN CLOUDS under way be one of the bright spots

mother who has several daughters said Photo by Hales in M. I. A. history!

T WANT to live always, gram is left for their planning. It I am asking to stay should be a delightful occasion. Sunday Evening

existence in Somewhere fray; the Enjoying The Young New Members Joint Program

live always. (Continued from page 619) I want to

New vict'ries to win, of the Y. W. M.I. A. frDefeating without by

that younger the so of many TNJOW Building fill will chosen to that do

I. this—for into are the girls A., coming M. Brimhall. cells H. instance the Field in Religion of—Geo.within."cooperate BeeKeepers parents must and

cells faith, that build will her from up to that in seeing from they and come will that the Field of Health and buildSunday BeeHive Night girls safety. in BeeHive meetings

particularly the strong her make and activities late the for not remain should Service is the of one on This Wisdom. Word

I. other the of These and A. many M.

fill the for to opportunity her an this the of Executive departmentTN tactfully handled be problems may the Builders Cell for of Foundation issue a find the will proof you Eta is there complete harmonious and where is the of on Hive Wisdom, and Word for suggested the Joint gram Sunday I. and A. cooperation between M.

particularly a appropriate for Sunday evening in meeting which November, home.

talk. evening the sponsor. will department BeeHive

is to of this event purposeThe acquaint Conducting the Group theTheaudienceBeeKeeper'san understandingtalk should giveof the BeeHive population with the ward a the BeeKeeper plan be for BeeHive work, symbolism must '"THERE and give an appreciationprogram and to it carries "Life over from the * Builders, Gatherers for and one and how one its beauty. of preparing Begin now,

that the program might be a success. for Guardians in wards where there are of the Bee"to the life of the girl. This

To inspire one must be prepared-—and enough girls to make up the three talk can be made very spiritual by

more. ranks. It has been found effective in showing how symbolism and the Spirit

It is suggested that at the commany places to appoint one of the Beeof the Hive permeates and guides everypletion of the Trial Flights the BeeKeepers to take charge of the group, thing that is undertaken in the BeeHive department get permission to possibly the one who has had the most Hive program. She may begin her

furnish the preliminary program on a experience. This more closely unifies talk by repeating the BeeKeepers'

Tuesday evening. This should be in the work. Where class rooms are scarce Service and comment on it, or it may

the nature of a ceremony to initiate and groups small we suggest that joint be that she will wish to close with it.

the girl into the Ranks. If girls can work be done in songs, games, etc., Reference material that will assist in

secure their uniform they should wear while guides and cellfilling be conpreparing this talk: "Story of thethem on this occasion. Emblems, Beeducted in the separate groups. Thus Life of the Bee"—Clarissa A. Beesley;Hive pins and Spirit of the Hive cards a small group may be seated in each "BeeHive Symbolism"—Ellen Walshould be presented at this time. An corner of a room, for some Swarms lace; BeeKeepers'Book; "The Beeurgent invitation for the parents of may have only three or four members. Hive Plan"-—BeeHive Girls'Hand

the girl to be present should be made. This method affords an opportunity Book.

The program must be attractive and for much individual supervision and The talk by a Gatherer of Honey on colorful and should radiate true Beedirection. "What BeeHive Work Has Done For

Hive atmosphere. Me"should be prepared by the girl

herself phases she of BeeHive on work Spirit the this event suggested for Hive program The of A feels that most, helped keeping her have include: Flag BeeHive Song;would girls faith, of BeeHive in Wareligious the phase parmind more LJAVE allegiance, pledgeCeremony, of with

It ticularly. Stake, that satch she be would may salute; Builder'susing BeeHive Puras yourselves to take subject her Cycle keep want and knowledge Seek "The presented a shortpose of preview and

Life."of ever awake.

the 3 min.) BeeHive plan (about

strong be should BeeHive Promise your Safeguard The health—keepPresentation of of emblems Rank

all well pure prepared given the of and and by

Spirit pin, themembership of Hive and girls together, led a of the whole Gatherer world honor womanby Makecard; the Salute Promise BeeHive and

the givBee-Keeper. more. or Honey, In by hood

girls.given BeeHive by

it, salute ing the honest of the not should ashamed work, with be hand Know entire be should program The raised toil, be to the position proper with fifteen to takescheduled not than more first is hearts the Satan in the that truth snapand and spoken your Keep word this to order inminutes; the prodo

foil. after side the to immediately you'll ped down well planned prebegram and must

last the repeating in beauties See of nature the Promise. the around you word dispatch.sented with each day, The "Inspirational Talk"should be

By service help others to see the bright appropriate to the occasion and given

Mothers'and Daughters'way, as an inspiration and encouragement to

Evening And greatthroughwilllifeyour joy be as you go thethe girlsBeeHiveand byprogram.way of endorsementIn asking theof

TT is suggested that this event be held If you keep as your watchword the speaker to give a talk on this evening early in the season so as to acquaint Spirit of the Hive."he should be made acquainted with themothers with the BeeHive Program—Helen Dickson, Heber 2nd Ward, fact that the program preceding his talk

and get their cooperation. Their proWasatch Stake. will be presented by BeeHive girls.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 629

Boise Stake ofweek.eventsEachand ofmeetingsthe severalfor theChurchensuingdeofThethebookletformer wasmembersthen listedmailedas towelleachas

Reports Success partmentstime, and thereportEditor,itemswithfromthetimeaid ofto to Tothe sayresidentsthat theof projectthe wardwasarea.a success

(Continued from page 620) a staff of reporters, handles social events is putting it mildly. The average cost

and topics of a community nature. per booklet was a fraction less than

With the approach of the Christmas four cents, including mailing at one season of 1933 a project to greet all and onehalf cents, excluding the cost and Stake Convention. Everyone is former residents of the ward was planof envelopes which were donated. With

ready to begin a new M. I. A. season. ned. Special effort was made to forget the revenue from the advertising paying

A new branch has been organized reno one who had been a resident within the major portion of expenses the total cently, which increases our anticipathe past 20 years, regardless of color cost to the ward was two dollars and tion of the best season ever in M. I. A. or creed. "Old Timers"were contacted sixtynine cents. Following are exfor names of former neighbors. With cerpts from written acknowledgSalt Lake Stake the list completed their present wherements:

abouts was established through friend "We will always cherish it among

Center Ward or kin. our most valuable Christmas gifts."

AA71TH the thought, "no friend like The Christmas edition of The Cen- "I often think of my many friends an old friend,"a project has been ter Ward Chronicle was then ready for in Center Ward, and you have helped worked out very successfully in the publication, twentyeight pages in all, me that I might write to them."

Center Ward of Salt Lake Stake. including one page for each of the "The faces of all mentioned pass

This Ward, through popular subvarious ward departments, one page before me, and bring a tear."

scription, has purchased a Model "30"of editorial, six pages of names and "I have never, never had anything

Mimeograph and publishes a weekly addresses of former residents, two please me so much as to be remembered paper known as The Center Ward pages containing names of those who after all these years."

Chronicle which is distributed each had passed on, three pages of events of And so, Center Ward is justly proud

Sunday to each and every home in the the past to recall old times, one page of that so many beautiful things have

Ward area. Weekly features are a mesWard History and one page of the been said and written by their real

sage from the Bishopric and a calendar Seasons'Greeting from the Bishopric. friends—old friends.

Good Housekeeping Magazine had in vain. Being a housekeeper, wifeTrial and Error a "Great Women"contest. An and mother (and doing some

(Continued from page 594) entrant was required to write a church work besides) won't allow }>..g( short article nominating his parmuch time at the typewriter.

3. Unless you have considerable ticular choice for the feminine hall Nevertheless, the urge to write is a

leisure time which you do not need of fame. I selected the poet Edna persistent itch. It gets worse all

to capitalize, you will want to earn St. Vincent Millay and said why. the time. Finally you succumb.

something by writing, at least A few months later there arrived a You get "uppity"and refuse to enough to cover postage and paper. check for ten dollars. It helped mend socks. You buy baker's

Therefore, write with a definite out. And the last two years I have bread and let the beans burn. In

purpose in mind. Cultivate an insent stories to the Deseret News the most acute stages of the fever

timate acquaintance with the magChristmas contests. The stories you secretly long to go away to

azines which you have selected as were turned down by the News but Borneo or some other distant place, recipients of your literary offerings. later I sold both of them to Cathjust you and the typewriter, unIt is useless to send household hints olic magazines (one for $17.00 disturbed.

to Flying Aces or love stories to and the other for $9.50. It's sur- 8. Don't describe a foreign

Scientific American. prising how a very few dollars can land unless you have been there.

4. Be persistent. If you have raise the literary morale. Portray the country and people you

confidence in your manuscripts, 6. Cultivate a writer friend who know. Out at the University of

keep them traveling until they land knows his trade and will tell you Wyoming when I had laid a wordy somewhere. My "returns"seldom exactly what he thinks of your Master's thesis on the English prostay home more than a day. When work. Such a friend has helped fessor's desk, he patted the pages

a manuscript has been out thirteen me out on many occasions. Once and said, "Well, well. Queen

times I either tear it up or put it in the Westerner had accepted a story Elizabeth has been dead a long cold storage. Sometimes after sevof mine, and (like a beginner), I time, but she's all right for a thesis.

eral trips it is wise to rework the thought that success had at last Now when you go home get busy material and send it traveling again crowned my efforts. But this friend and do something really vital. Utah

provided there are other possible said: "Your story is positively is potentially the richest literary

markets. The postage bill is apworthless. All you know how to land in the world."

palling. Stamped envelopes must do is describe and nobody likes * * *

always accompany the manuscript much of that any more. The I could discourse at length on the

Westerner accepted have your thatso may will get to see your you things mechanics of writing—such

it."but they print won't sell, story case in again it doesn't ribwork as using only new typewriter

and it usually doesn't. They didn't. And I learned a bons, placing the number of words

5. Don't aim too high. It's a little from that. in the upper right hand corner of

grand feeling to have your type- 7. Write regularly. Get a few the first page, etc., etc., but I think

writer hitched to a star (and that's lines on paper every day. Don't that you who have had the patience

where it should be), but you must pamper yourself by waiting for to read as far as this paragraph will be practical sometimes. Try jokes, moods. My schedule calls for four think my contribution is already

recipes, cartoons. Not long ago hours writing per day. But it calls plenty long enough.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

Bright Baubles wavefaces payingand lookedhomagedownandonadoration.a million baby.and the lumpy twins and the new

(Continued from page 583) Janet heard about Welby from Welby beamed. 'This is my

her mother. Six months after she wife, Janet."Janet said howdo-

to do. All your raving will never had left he had married some you do in her cool smooth voice.

change me."teacher over in Hillside. There had Mrs. Kemp nodded out of her

Welby looked straight at her. been a doudy church wedding with vacant face.

"You mean that, Janet?"the bride in dead white satin and "These are my children, Janet."

"Of course I do."cheap lace and bridesmaids in deWith enormous pride.

"Very well then, I won't say anpartment store chiffons and Welby "Oh yes * *."

other word. I wish you luck, that's in a baggy dress suit. They went "You're giving a talk tonight,

all."He got up quickly and strode to live in a little cubbyhole of an aren't you? I wish I could hear

out of the room. apartment, buying furniture with you but we can't take the babies

That was the last Janet saw of his wedding stake, and what she out. And I can't leave Annie alone

Welby. She was in the hospital had left over from her savings. with them."

a week. In another week she had Later they bought a house. "Of course not."And Janet

left for the east. After that the Stucco and dumpy. Welby adturned away to hide a smile.

years raced by. They were full vanced to the position of manager After the talk, Janet was speedyears, golden triumphant years, of the city office with a salary that ing back to her own world, her

speeding along like bright birds was only soso. They had one car, glittering beautiful world. She

in flight. a baby grand piano, a refrigerator would never leave it again she told

and a garden of roses and dahlias. herself, she would stay with it for1HERE were three years Janet felt infinitely sorry for ever.

of study at the National LaborWelby at times. He moved along And then the morning after the

atory School. Dancing lessons, in his narrow drab world like a opening of "Silver for Silver,"the

voice placement, speech, fencing, slow murky stream. Going to new expressionistic play written

singing lessons, French and gymwork. Poring over figures. Home expressly to give her a part that

nastics. Janet studied as arduin the evening to his garden, his would do justice to her dramatic

ously as any scholar. She believed papers, a drive in the park with powers, she contracted a cold.

that talent alone would never make his children. Oh, yes, there were Ordinarily a cold doesn't mean

her the finished actress she deserved children. Twin boys and a girl. much. But in Janet's case it was a

to be. At the end of three years It was inevitable that a man of his tragedy. The play depended upon

she was slated for immediate suctype would burden himself with her entirely. And she couldn't act

cess. She possessed a sureness of a family. when her voice sounded as if she

technique. Her voice, her gestures, The doudy school teacher had had swallowed iron filings that had

her general movements were finturned into a doudy wife. She lodged in her throat and grated

ished. She had emotional powers. was fat, and her skin was yellow, there when she tried to talk.

And above all, she brought to her and already her face had begun to She couldn't understand how she acting an inner fire which gave it wattle. Thinking of her, Janet had contracted a cold. It must have

a living, breathing, vital, quality. invariably shuddered. been walking through the park in

all the rain yesterday, she decided. She She had succeeded—beyond

in any kind ofexpectations. Her first part was in IANET seldom saw her seldom went out

a new play by Serge Raffety, "Day mother and sisters. There was no weather. But yesterday when she

part—Marjana,Goes On."It thewasPolishjust awomansmall needmon to.withShethem.had nothingThey werein comlike lookedthe newoutspringthe windowgrass wetand sawandspy—but she ran away with the Welby. They could never undersparkling, she had a sudden wild

play. For one of the few times in stand what it meant to be swept desire to throw off her shoes and

history, critics unanimously acalong on a glittering wave of homstockings and run in it barefooted.

claimed her success. age. They could never know how Of course she couldn't do anything

They made her a star and her it felt to step into bright lights and so foolish looking as run barename looked down on the glittersee, across the footlights, hundreds footed in the rain.

ing Broadway crowds and she atof eager expectant faces. They But she had slipped into an old

tended smart teas and became a moved about in a dull petty world tweed coat and mulberry tarn and director in the Playmakers Guild. like nuns in a cloister. Her mother gone for a walk in the park. The

Managers fought for her; she worried about fruit and pickles and water splashed over her slippers and

swelled box office receipts. Perthe iniquitous life Janet must lead stained her stockings. It flew in

fumes were named after her and as an actress. Her sisters were imher face and ran in little trickles

society women tried to imitate mersed in husbands'shirts and down her chin. She might have

those silvery tones of her voice. babies'weights. known better. But the rain gave

She sometimes wished Welby Only once did Janet return her such a cool delicious feeling.

could see her now. He'd know home. She was there two days. That night she felt she played

then that he had been all wrong She couldn't stand it any longer. better than she had ever played

about the world not appreciating She missed the lights and the eager before. And the next morning she

her. He'd see that fame was more faces and the luncheons and smart woke up to find herself hoarse.

than a bright bauble. It was people. But before she left, they Her physician was called. He orstrong and powerful and it gave made her talk in the high school dered her to bed for the day and

one strength and power. One rode auditorium. On the way she met sprayed her throat and fed her

on the crest of a bright glittering Welby out for a drive with his wife lemons and quinine. By night she

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 63

die."felt better. She was deliriously "Is 'Silver for Silver,'Swan "But an operation—I may

happy. She had dreaded giving her Song?""Janet Parcell flopped "You won't. It's only when

place to her understudy. last night * * voice cracked * * there's no one who cares about you

She didn't feel well enough to moved like a wooden woman."that you die. When there's somedo her best acting. So before the "Is she sick?""Is she growing one pulling for you, you'll live.

curtain went up she said to Haydn old?""Plenty of hospitals and And you'll have the whole world

Paul, the director, "You'd better infirmaries.""Shouldn't take up pulling for you. That's what

tell them I'm not up to par tonight, room on the stage. * * Give it to comes of being famous."

Hadyn."someone who's able to act."The doctors smiled and Janet,

Hadyn Paul looked at her for a One shouldn't take any notice of remembering her thousands and moment with his steel point eyes what the critics said. They were thousands of faces smiled too.

and then roared. "Tell them cantankerous old fools, jealous of It was evening when they rolled

you're sick. Say, Janet, haven't people who really did things her into the operating room. Time

you been in this game long enough actors and writers and directors for the curtain to go up. They

to learn you can't tell people when and their sole delight lay in tearing put something over her face. The

there's something wrong with you? them to pieces. So one shouldn't walls faded away. And suddenly

They come to see a show, not a notice what they said. But they Janet saw her audience, her eager

hospital."were annoying. adoring audience. But it wasn't

"But anyone can get sick."thinking of her. Down in front,

"Not in a show, my lady. iHAT night, Janet's the old man with the silk hat was

You're either on the stage all whole understudy, Daltia Farbeau, a slim wondering when he could meet or You're everybody's you get off. creature correct in her acting young raspberry in Farbeau. Miss A lady in aplaything show. fire, lacking dramatic Janet And you but if this satin was wonderingknow what happens when a playknew, stepped into Janet's role, the quite the smartest show in town.were

if breaks.thing too you're Now role Star Caleth, she of went and girls wishing were young Twosick act, we'll to get there out and lights the to and dim act like Farbeau. Daltia chey could hospital—toget Farbeau."silence walls. and blank And had Wainwright, the Jonnie who

I'll pale. Janet be went "No, let next they her morning when that Janet no to vowed woman

all right."a a paper, she have note only saw quite ever in the comcould world

"Well then, get on and do your about her leaving the show because pare with her was wondering what stuff."of illness. flowers would best suit the incomJanet was certain she could hide But there was a fulllength parable Daltia.

cold.her able she wasn't But the about to. column "Charming all them. of to called Janet voice cracked, sheHer with shook will understudy take young who ill. must I forget You "Don't amchills, light she headed. grew Her the Parcell. Janet honors from She here."keep pull for and me meperformance turned be to out anyto brings acting her a youthfulness her. to listen one would But no creditable.thing but is sprightliness that a delightand her shook again. called They She the After show, Paul came Hydn ful Parcell's change from Miss a it were as voice though awayto her, raving. ruined "You've heaviness."dramatic

their fly with on went and tell Ithe Janet. show, you Didn't tossed aside Janet the paper and

still again. called She thoughts.this a hospital?"wasn't sniffed. a It stunt. publicity Just not answered, of them "Do Some it. I couldn't help but "I know, it true. wasn't of any Star Caleth to are nothing us. bother You I ruined the show. haven'tAnyway couldn't as a be played youthful even not others us."would The will once."just this one mind,No role. sprightly interpretaSuch

her. answer to bother you're Say, but won't 'They ruin the play. tions would whole

stricken. She Janet grew panicignorant."no one wanted And anyway

she the scenes. But behind a turned Janet turned away. She would change from Janet. If they'd ask

hear no more from him. He knew her audience. * * But in another had to stay there only a second to

nothing. He had never seen those week when she was up and better know that the cast cared nothing

faces across the footlights. Night and back again she would show about her. They were glad she

after night. They would forgive them. was sick. They were hoping she

her. She had given them her best In another week she was not up would never get well. She had

for so long. and back again. She was no better. been in the big spot long enough.

Janet expected to be better in the Infection had set in. There were Wearily Janet turned back to the

morning. Instead she was worse. many physicians looking at her, hospital. She didn't want to die,

She could not speak above a whisold ones with gray hair and kindly but what could she do? Then she

per. She had a fever. She ached. eyes, young ones brisk and curt and thought of the doctors and nurses.

When the doctor came he shook fresh from Vienna and Berlin. They must care about her. It was

his head. Stay in bed, absolutely There were consultations. There part of their work.

* * go down into lungs * * were X-Rays. But no. The nurse was angry

several days, maybe weeks * * One afternoon they held a long because she had to be on duty torun down to begin with. consultation. Then they spoke to night. She had a new beau and

Janet hated to stay in bed. She Janet. "We will have to perform he had promised to take her to a

would be so dreadfully lonely. No an operation."dance and supper. The doctor was

his son. The sonrehearsals, no homage from the "An operation—."thinking about

rows of lifted faces, no sense of "Yes, there's a throat abscess. was getting married and he didn't

supremacy. And then there was But don't look so worried, please. like the girl. The young interne

that talk of the dramatic critics: It won't be serious."was wondering about the new car

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

he was going to buy. Should the saying too, "She'll get along beaudarling, of course. I came the

color be gray or maroon. tifully. Don't any of you worry. minute they told me about it."

Janet thought for a moment of With such a fine family * *.""But Annie. You were with

her mother and sisters. But no use Janet called to Welby. Welby her."

to seek them. They had never blinked vaguely a moment and Welby looked up puzzled. The

pulled for her in anything. And then shook her away as the doctor nodded assuringly. "She's

their thoughts were always so full audience had done. "I can't think just wandering. They often do

of husbands and babies and pickles of you. I must think of Annie. that when they're just gaining conand jam. Besides, you are nothing to me."sciousness."

Janet was about to sink into Janet turned away. Blackness Welby Kemp bent closer to the

oblivion, an oblivion from which began to close over her. She was bandaged figure on the bed. "I

she knew she would never return, sinking. She could not hold herwasn't with anyone, Janet. I've

been with you."Surely she thought of Welby.when self back. from far away she just As

gasped. Janet help her. She said, "Youhe would He had doctors. hear the loved could

her once. He, wouldn't want her mean I'm just coming to from the

to die. "Can't understand why she isn't accident? Oh, I'm so glad."

reviving. Her case was serious but "And so am I darling. You're

fatal aspects."no seriously injured. not you But oh in many it held OHE searched didn't have "She much vitality."gave made Whatever me a fright.places for him. She finally found

him in a hospital. His wife was "I know, but it isn't that. It's you forget to take the curve in that

else. There doesn't seem beastly road."there with throat trouble—something

strangely, the same as Janet's. Janet to be anything holding her back. Janet said slowly, "I guess I

saw her there with her yellow face You fellows can say what you was thinking, Welby, I was thinklike a withered flower on the pillow want. But if there isn't something ing I don't ever want to leave you,

and her stringy hair in two twin holding on to them, they'll go unnot for anything. And I don't

braids. The twins were there beder every time."want you to leave me either."."side her wishing fervently that she "She ought to have plenty hold- "Oh Janet, you mean—

would soon get better. The baby ing on to her. She's well known.""Yes, Welby."

gooed for her to get better. Welby 'Yes, she's well known. But "Darling! It's almost worth

was praying. fame and friends aren't the same the accident, knowing you'll marry

It seemed there were a million you know."me. But just because you'll marry

people hoping for this dumpy little "Well it's too bad."me doesn't mean you have to give

woman who had never been known "Yes, we'll get the blame."up your dramatic career."

outside the circle of her family, who "Blackness closed over Janet. "Welby, don't mention dramatic

I hate the soundhad dedicated herself to nothing Eternal oblivion. The end * *. careerA- **to me ever.

beyond the four walls of her house. Janet opened her eyes. She was f*It.

And she was saying with her looking into a pair of gray eyes, "That suits me. But are you

eyes shining, "I'll be all right. Of pain filled, a gray drawn face. sure you'll have no regrets? You

course I will with all of you caring "You didn't really come right to know you could be famous."

so much about me."me, did you?"she asked. "I'm quite sure, Welby, quite

And the doctor was nodding and The eyes lighted. "Oh Janet sure.'

What Makes An overallowingthe headall ofof theus benchsafety manwarmersand aandfewthepreciousCougarsminuteswere someremainedeight

Athlete? minutes.the first fullPerformancesbreath forlikeseveralthat, pointsyoung behind.Romney It(hiswasrelationshipthen that

(Continued from page 590) if repeated by the same man even to me is so distant that I dare haz- > '4 in lesser degree, stamp him as an zard any charge of immodesty in athlete. this recital) apparently decided to

was cutting and swiveling and take things in his own hands and sidestepping with tacklers strewn pXAMPLES in profusion might see that victory crowded out deover the field and chalklines passbe drawn from the athletic parfeat. Despite the fact that he had

ing under his flying feet. There ticipation of Elwood Romney, been going at a terrific pace for

was I with my head now doing a Brigham Young University's Allthirty-five minutes, he took on a vigorous affirmative nod and my America basketball captain, to ilnew burst of speed and seemed to body swaying to help him on his lustrate what this ingredient means cover the entire court at once.

way. He was across the line for in the makeup of an athlete. Let Without any maneuvers which in

the touchdown which won the us, however, simply join the specany way smacked of grandstand ball game. But his dramatic contators at a crucial basketball game play, but rather as a man in a

tributions for the day had not with Montana State College in trance, he practically singlehanded ended. Near the close of the last Provo. The Cougars had won the tied the score just before the final

period the opponents reached the first game of the series on the pregun, and in the five minute overone yard line and the Bobcats held vious night and needed another time period scored an additional heroically for four downs. Young victory to establish themselves in seven points for a cleancut victory.

"Curly"Gardner dropped back and the Conference race. Things were It was no wonder that in the spring

booted the pigskin for an airline going badly for B. Y. U. and most we were able to point him for a

flight of 75 yards, the ball flying happily for the opposition. Only single mile race in a ticklishly close

THE I MPROVEM ENT. ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 633

meet which he managed to run in most spectacular, athletic performversatile performer, as his nickname exactly the time which we had set ances. "Simba"might indicate, but his

as his goal and which proved suffiforte in track and field sports lay cient to win the event and the meet. T'HEN came the playoff series for in the weight events. He was a

But this young man reached his the Conference championship. fair broad jumper. We had two

athletic climax and cast his shadow His leg had improved some in the broad jumpers on the squad who to tremendous proportions on the interim between the playoff game on nonmeet days were six inches vista of intermountain athletics in and this series and his indomitto a foot better leapers than Thorn.

his last year of college participaable spirit enabled him to lead his When the broad jump was called tion. In the previous year he team to unexpected heights in toward the end of the meet it was

had performed so magnificently achieving a phenomenal victory in obvious that the Cougars must get throughout the entire season and the decisive storybook game of a the third place point to have a against colorful teams from many dramatic series which had to be chance to win the meet. The first

sections of the country that he was witnessed to be believed. He two places were necessarily conselected on the official AllAmerican wasn't selected AllAmerican that ceded if the opponents jumped up

basketball team, as named by a year; he wasn't even selected Allto form, and the third place was

specially chosen board headed by Conference. But in the hearts of almost certainly theirs. We knew

the famous Dr. Meanwell, of Wishis teammates and admirers all his that our two best jumpers instead

consin. previous honors faded into insigof thriving on the desperation of

He commenced his senior year nificance before this climactic the situation would probably with even added brilliance but at achievement of real athletic prowess crack under the strain and achieve the peak of performance in the last and genuine sportsmanship. less than was their midweek wont,

game before the opening of the ofPaul "Simba"Thorn was anwhich deduction proved entirely ficial conference season he sustained other athlete with the "plus"correct. We felt that Thorn had

a serious knee injury which threatwhich entitles him to this appellaenough real athletic temperament ened to incapacitate him for the tion. To me the most striking perto exceed his best marks if the chalentire season. He accepted the situformance of the colorful career of lenge warranted the performance.

ation as manfully as a great athlete this AllConference football back We pictured the situation and plead should, attended practices regularly was in a humble role in a dual track with him to do the rescue act. A

as a spectator, and fought -through meet which we wanted very much short time later we inquired fearevery game for and with his teamto win and which we felt we might fully as to his progress. He, along

mates, although confined to the possibly achieve by a single point with the three opposing jumpers, bench. He gave religious care to or two. Thorn was a decidedly had qualified, but he was in fourth

the injured member, followed instructions perfectly, and finally was able to hobble around a week or NEW GLASSES START EAGH WEEK two before the close of the season. A Business Course Brings the Quickest and Best Results

In a playoff game for the diWhy spend unnecessary time and money in securing a practical education? Obtain one that

visional championship he was inwill bring you real results.

serted at a crucial juncture for strategic reasons and with specific plans. Known as a phenomenal

basket shot and with the condition of his leg suggesting that he would be of little use on the floor, he naturally drew the zealous attention of the opposing defensive who relaxed vigilance on his teammates, one in particular, and allowed him, with his great skill in ballhandling and floorcovering, to feint shot after shot and pass to his mates in advantageous positions for goals which won a decisive victory. All

this was accomplished before a crowd, a large part of which indulged itself in catcalls and wisecracks regarding the AllAmerican who was hobbling about and failPAUL TALMAGE HUGH SCHOOLEY

Civil Service trainingSchooley after school passed the Talmage 5 months Mr. and Mr. in our

is respectively Reporters Mr. appointments. examinations received Talmage ing to score baskets. A lesser athand Court and

lete in the true sense of the term now Reporter in the Salt Lake District Court.

would have folded up or would Banking,CompleteSecretarialcoursesworkare andgivenspecialin allcoachingcommercialclasses.subjects, including Advanced Accounting,

have become exceedingly selfcon- help Positionsso far thisareyearavailableand havefor notgraduates.filled all theWe positionshave receivedopen. more than 200 calls for office)

scious and would have been Write, phone or call for catalog, which is sent without obligation. Visitors welcome anytime.

tempted to digress from his plan of Please mention "Era"in writing.

usefulness. He sacrificed himself and, on one good leg, turned in HENAGER45 E. Broadway BUSINESSD. B. Moench, Mgr. COLLEGEWas. 2753

one of his most useful, if not his "The School with a National Reputation and 5 World Records"634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

place. "But I still have one jump "If we need it that badly, I can

left and I am only one and a half do it,"he interrupted.

inches behind the third place man,"Soon he was out on the track he said with a meaningful grin. warming up slowly with his legs

After he had taken his other jump obviously a bit wobbly. He manhe was one inch ahead for the third aged to wreathe his pale face with

place and had leaped t inches a smile and nod reassuringly just farther than his best effort previous before the men were called to their to the meet. marks. He ran a most courageous

race, inspiring so that teamhis two Time to Change mates, his one running of them JLSEWHERE it had been my to ColdWeather privilege to set down the details twomile race, clung to him as firstthe tail to a kite. And he did run into Motor Oil! of the heroic backstage performance

of another true athlete by the name fourth place for his two points and

The correct grade of Vico of Tony Bentley, who took it on carried his teammate to fifth place will protect your motor himself to defy the laws of nature for another point. The meet was

against undue wear—save to win for Brigham Young Uniwon! repair bills. Vicolubri-

cated cars have records as versity her first Rocky Mountain high as 700,000 miles Conference Track Championship. CITHER colorful names and

with minimum upkeep In a meet in which every point was equally dramatic deeds of athcosts. Drive in at your destined to count exceptionally letic heroism suggestive of that

station. nearest Vico

heavily and in which the Cougars quality which stamps the particihad a slim chance for victory, if all pant as an athlete and not simply the men came up to their best per- a performer skilled in muscular acformances, Bentley, an outstanding tivity flash in view. There goes

distance runner, turned up ill, havtiny "Mouse"Vacher, midget in ing suffered from a hacking cough size and giant in spirit and talent, ICO and the ensuing loss of sleep for dodging, squirming, darting, and 100% Pure Paraffin two nights. He gamely ran his even stiffarming his way through

MOTOR OIL mile event, but instead of finishing comparative giants of the opposiUTAH OIL REFINING CO. second for four points, as we had tion for a seventyyard return of

400 Stations in Utah and Idaho figured, he crossed the line fourth a punt to win a coveted football for but two points. As the meet game for the Cougars, after he had

progressed we lost another point fumbled six punts in a row previhere and another there, points on ously and had listened to an imwhich we had figured. After his patient crowd in his own stadium

NOBODY CAN raceill andBentleyhad hadvomitedappearedand violentlybeen orently"boo"enoughhim andto deridetear thehimheartpersistout dered to the trainer's care and the of the average participant. Tiny, STOP LOSS.

showers. Instead he put himself in pinkskinned, sweetly modest,

the hands of the trainer and asked clean as a hound's tooth in habit EVERYBODY

CAN AVOID permissionsuit. With tobutremaintwo or inthreehis eventstrack andalmostof tongue,dainty, mildthis mannered,little packageand

little superfiscore sheet of our remaining showed dynamite showed IT THROUGH cial three evidence or four picked of the remarkable up that we had

INSURANCE unexpected points in the discus and athletic ability and vigor of spirit were definitely in the which were his. The decisive qualrace—proout two ity was something deep inside. vided we could squeeze

points in the twomile and thereby It was no accident that Floyd crowd out the third runner in that Millet always made his best punt

When you come here event for the team which was now when it was most needed, broad for insurance you get it, leading the pack in the drive for jumped farthest in the crucial coupled with attentive, the championship. Our only hope meets, and played his best basketexperienced service. This lay in a miraculous recovery and ball against the toughtest opposiis an agency of the Utah performance on the part of Bentley tion. It was no wonder that in

Home Fire Insurance Co. who was supposedly out of his his last basketball series for the

track togs and deep under blankets. Rocky Mountain Championship he

We discovered him on the rubshould turn in his most spectacular bing table and with a forlorn hope and serviceable performance, and asked him how he felt. "It doesn't that he should lose nine pounds in

effort I his his in to put feel,"was his reply. each game how UTAH HOME FIRE matter over. also qualthe team His can I was do?""What

INSURANCE CO. "Every point is worth a million ity without which the athlete

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. placeat thisinstagethe oftwomilethe meet.willFourthprobsimplySuch isis not.the real athlete. He posGeneral Agents ably cinch the championship. It sesses this extra quality. It is the

Salt Lake City, Utah is a crime to even suggest that you ability to laugh in the teeth of a run,."crisis and, instead of folding up or but—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 635

breaking under the strain, to lead to give inspiration. And with a

his teammates out of the slimy mud hungry world waiting for a lifting and ooze of mediocrity to the sunword we should not hesitate. Wekist heights. It is the ability to may not have been "born to write"IDR71LGLARINFOLDING GH7MR

explode gloriously with power but we were born to inspire IT'S THOROUGHLY COMFORTABLE

SATISFIED USERSrather in fragATTRACTIVE than up to blow -*e3i!S*9*- APPEARANCE despair. ofments name may You GRANITE STAKE

PROOF NOISEit 16TH SALT WARD, will. I shall you what is like the of fortune still THE way LAKE STRONG call itchoose the Inflammability RIVER is SET BEAR TO EASY UP in sky, the which milky way theof quality ECONOMICAL STAKE which toSpirit—the of a or meeting of a number knot to us show Permit ALPINE WARDenables thatwhich-makes-a-man wonderful chair this stars, asunder, seen but small not VERNAL WARD afire. seating for yourto catch

; are giving light there together a so for Booklet problems. Ask

* -4 number of ljttle and scarce discerned virtues, or rather faculties PEMBROKE COMPANY customs, and that make men fortu-!4 East Broadway Salt Lake City, UtahBut You Were Born nate."Bacon.

To Inspire (Continued from Qpge 595)

j*-...4 New FLEISCHMANN'S

wouldbe-writer has not energy, courage and a sense of humor he...will likely fall by the wayside. XR YEAST

Even then he may be stalled in a delightful enjoy spot and other Relieves Constipationpeoples'writing with new vision and zest he would not have gained but for his ambition.... Remarkably Fast

"THE very process of creating ideas 'I *HE new Fleischmann's XR Yeast is one of the most is a vitalizing and spiritualizing important discoveries of modern science. It's the

one. It is always worth the effort fastestacting and most effective yeast known. It relieves

whether there is any moneyed comconstipation and clears up skin disorders in a remarkpensation in it or not. It is anyably short time. And besides, it supplies Vitamin A, the

thing but "pathetic to keep on antiinfective vitamin, which helps combat colds, in trying."It is a glorious adventure! Supplies Vitamins addition to Vitamins B, G and D.

experience of unique of theOut a Yeast the of 3 cakes new Fleischmann's XR fleischmann's Eat something be createdeach life can grocers, at better, radiant health. On sale more day for

intimate and vital. Life blood, a CtftftLOaSyeastTAPIOCA FuXlRANB restaurants and soda fountains.

struggle for nobility can be preserved. The record of that struggle ANDARD IXtHClS O'CALIFORNIA

may give untold strength to others.

It is one way of sharing the meaning -m—it——11——1[——ti-H——11- -II 1 M Hi,|| ""H—!!'-II IIof life. It is the most intelligible

way of passing on the richness ofexperience. "To supply a thought ATTENTION!HELP THE MISSIONARY WORKBISHOPS!ALONG AT THE

to evolveis massage, mental is said an achievement,"thought a BUREAU OF INFORMATION

Elbert Hubbard, and surely no by getting your greater has any monument man SACRAMENT SETS FROM US this masterraised to himself than thinker's gift to the world, his books. Another bit of inspiration NEW LOW PRICES:

Yes, let our magazines and books Water tray—heavy

be filled with encouragement. We SILVER plated with

need more than anything else to be three dozen glasses ablesays—"Manto expressisourselves.only half Emersonhimself, Extra $16.00glasses $1.00

the other half is his expression."and $1.25 per doz,

Our oral expression has little in it worth remembering because here BREAM TRAYS we seldom try sincerely to evolve a $7.50

permanent thought, but when we write we challenge ourselves. Wedemand much of ourselves when BUREAU OF INFORMATION 1

we hope our thoughts may be put Temple Bloek—Salt Lake City, Utah J

into print. We are then in a position Uii ii.—..h——u—n—n n<—hi—ii——II——

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934

fingers clutching unpleasof a hand antly over A Bouquet for bethe envelope that Are you Interested to longed someone else. Jane (Continued from page 5 93) in Prophecy? Jane at shuddered Left the memory.

Read the Third Edition of -4. alone, without that guiding mirror,

train the "THE her face therein. With horror she she knew that she might have stepped the used on LAST DAYS"and leaned forward fiingers her put and Price ticket. still, $1.00 been She had and was the lips on tightened lines the with Prophecies of Leaders Church confirmed for matter, desperate. that That at the corners. Scientists, she by caught Statesmen Writers. and Then mirror sickened soul. her to the had sight of the hostess staring was who

1 Supplement at No. 25c pictured, her mirror not had The at her unashamedly. Jane Contains recent prophecies new and face, to Terrill heart Jane her but confirmations straightened if tried act to as and

Sold soul. by and she never had even thought of

or Frances "Mrs. Francis?"Mr. that touching Deseret mirror repwith its Book Company the asked the maid opened 44 who E. So. Temple Salt Lake City lica it. of her face stamped on own in door to answer Jane's ringing hostess turned away. The With bell. of the

eyes troubled that followed Jane stared. "I Jane understand, don't.., figure. It in her to was mind

afraid. are talk I'm of There two this little girl to kindfaced very them? to the I came answer. 'in she older resothan was. Then

lutely she turned away and paid advertisement—The maid took a step forward. check. her

"Yes, Miss. in once, at Come are "Getting simpleminded,

please. all shall glad Ah, how herself you, she asked Jane?"

! that be have you come weI—."sternly. like those "Getting

women who write to newspaper from"Hattie!"the lobbysaidbeyond.the young"I'll mantake

for advice! columnists asking I'm

this. all. care of will be That Terrill of you, Janie ashamed If Will in?"you come he added

alticket the you you used would! quietly to Jane.

ways feel a thief, a coward. No Jane stepped inside the hall.

matter what happened to you, Even in the dim light she could see in heart that you'd your know own Do You that this extraordinarily an was a thief nothing were would you and finelooking young man. He ever that forget or could you make stretched a square, out wellkept

fact!"hand for the envelope she offered. Remember? Ten minutes later she was in a Suddenly he smiled and ran his

telephone booth dialing the numother hand through his black hair. newspaper. ber evening of an

? say, "I you, Thank so years Not ago homes many Miss—in this the lostand- ad "Get is Terrill, this Miss splendid! My will lighted for tonight, were candles. Meals found by column aunt will to wish in thank you

"I'll adtaker. she the asked person. at sixes were over a have been cooked and smoky you?"We

it the for right to be over but pay sevens, I assure since you, these were stove refrigeraautomatic and I are tickets dated tonight found lost a short the while ago. By

is it'll if late the advertisement and tion of. unheard was I way, Francis am Parkinson—oh, use."be of no are, there Frances! you Aunt This

Today the average family 'Tickets?"repeated the girl. is Miss Terrill who found your

a "Just I have lost ad a moment. tickets."

It for tickets. pays only 1 Oc per day for elecright here be may Jane Terrill stared at the old

ones. the Here, to 'Chicago same tricity eliminates the which lady hair white with eagerly who via—of 'what? York New Two grasped envelope. the If there ever drudgery of dozens from envelope? unsealed Yes, in an them replica a was the of storybook-

household tasks. ma'am. That's the same one. The lady, this was she, thought Jane.

name is Frances Dee Parkinson, Mauve silk gown with white net

ELECTRICITY IS THE eight hundred Lawrence Avenue. ruffles at the cuffs and lowcut neck,

telephone here * * You have No white hair in upto-thewaved and BIGGEST BARGAIN IN the address right?"style yet preserving and moment

THE HOME look of dignity and charm, smalla

IN the elevated train a slippers with great buckles of silver few moments later, Jane Terrill adorning them, slender hands that examined her face in the window seemed to flutter as they moved - beside her. It made an excellent Jane took a deep breath.

mirror. She saw there a weary face, "Why, what's the matter?"de-

, UTAH POWER I discouraged and sad but there was manded the young man. not the horrible sharp look that she "She's so—so beautiful!"stamseen at the cafeteria. That mered Jane. "I beg your pardon,"& LIGHT CO. had

wall mirror had reflected a sly, she added to the old lady.

sneaking countenance with the There was no response. The

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 637

white head was bent over the Jane. "In fact, I was going to do

tickets. it.

"Oh, she can't hear you,"said "And why didn't you?"askedthe young man smilingly. "She is the old lady crisply. HEADQUARTERSNEWFOR

deaf. she can stonealmost But SAINT LATTERDAY face in a mirror. "I saw my A lips. If talkthinks sheread your GARMENTS

face. horrible, I didn't TO YOU FACTORY FROM is 'hears* that sheing going on Orders Mail Solicit Your atsaid me,"Jane want We88. LaLt. Men's and No. Wt. it—onskulkingway."dies'$.65 Style New smile. to tempting

in 89. Lalady and said the old Wt. No. Med. Men's "Yes,"now

Style—. 1.10 New are, "H'mph! How'd you like to voice. "Heremellow we 80. Men's Double No. dies'Heavy Wt.

1.35 Back lady? young Your will be child.Francis, my secretary, you my Now Heavy references, I care No. 81. don't you say? 1.50 return Double Back"Wt. Old Style withhave to come me or

87. Lt. Wt. Old and Newone reservation. Ah, I was so anything about references. My exNo. 85 Styles

Special NonRun No. Very they're has that been not flyperienceafraid I'd fly! I hate to have 85. Garments—Guaranteed a to easy worth I'm not whoop. Spec. decisively she to Jane. saiding!"Ray. To Run

84. and 1.10 Lt. Men's—NotMed. No. Wt. get I sometimes. with don't on like fly?"to"Do you Style, Ladies'DouNew

I hear. Yarn, Extra ble tongue. I have a sharp Combed unexpectedly. Jane dimpled 85 Fine rewrite travel articles write and ordering-,"I've she admitted. never your bust, flown,"Specify when

or length, whether trunk and new until you'll hate the sight 'em. of lady. said old the "H'mph!"ladies'. or and

I travel in the lecture before folks Postage if Anywheremen's and oldWe style,Pay easy"Well, have moan you don't

States. United get travel. to never who must You if ask you're up, whilement you

go trips those take me on LEWIS and MOSE old toome. to fly. But I'm Maybe ST. 14 MAIN care tickets,"the she added allfor defensively, she that,"added CITY, UTAH LAKESO. SALT withof—of

this seeing mention Add in "1 Please a little smile. with onesided car sixtyfive a an to drive"I like this Magazine

hour so I guess I'm not really lose almost everything I touch.

timid. Now, tell me. How did

you happen to find them and where did I lose them?""In the revolving door of—began Jane. AN ENVIABLE28 Years of Continuous DividendsRECORD

said the old lady "Hah!"unexAND Security for our Investors.

see, Francis?pectedly. "So! You

I went to seek a secCOMMISSIONSabout—whereThat was the place I told you XTniNW PREFERRED STOCKretary! But I never got upstairs ALL LOANS ON HOMES IN UTAH

at all! I was so upset when I discovered, in the elevator, that I had DESERET BUILDING SOCIETY

People's Company are Old Reliable whatlost my envelope—why,

"Strictly Mutual"lady?"gaspingyou about, young

"You need a secretary?"asked 44 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Jane, the color coming and going in MEMBER OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK SYSTEM her face. see, I am a secretary. I "I—youwas in the building at

the agency looking for a position.

They had only one for me and thatwas in Ohio."59 YEARS'"And you didn't want that?"CONTINUOUS SERVICE TO

asked the old lady shrewdly. THE CHURCH!...

Jane colored. "It wasn't conThat is the record which will be celebrated

venient for me to go to Ohio,"she said in low tones. Founder's Day, Oct 16, 1934,

"Francis,"said the old lady, theof thefiftyninthSchool byAnniversaryPresident Brighamof the FoundingYoung."bring my glasses, will you, All present and former students, Faculty

please?"She waited a moment members, Friends, and Patrons are invited to

until her nephew was gone. "Now, participate.

then,"she said practically, "we can It is a long road from 1875 to 1934—from a

talk with some peace. Women talk faculty of two or three to one of more than

of school 29 high studentbody a 100—from

collegebetter alone with each other than students one to of 2,000 menwhen men listen. You had no women, but that road the Institution andhas

money to get to Ohio?"traversed, still dedicated to the same high

its first great prinannounced by her eyes dropped Jane G. and said KARL Scholarship High G. Maeser—"A Principal First MAESER principlescipal—Karl is right."in low tones: "That Spirituality."Enriched by Mellowed and

"Why didn't you use one of these tickets, then?"demanded theold lady. "You thought of it, BRIGHAM YOUNGProvo, Utah UNIVERSITY

of course?""The Friendly School"

"Yes, I thought of it,"confessed 638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 m* <m p m i i i And I like to keep my finger on that may mean a lot to me. I

things to prove I'm not getting should have had to go with Auntie old. Oh, it's no easy job. But for her New York lecture, though,

I'll pay thirty a week and board and then all I've done so far would and room if you can do the work have been lost. When you get back

to suit me. That's more than anywe must try to see a lot of each

one else will pay probably but I other. You swim? Good! We

think the job is harder, too. We all go across the street to the beach

leave tonight for New York City every morning at six. I'll stop

on these tickets if you accept. Sit here to order flowers for Auntie

down there while you think it you wish to phone? Yes, there's

over."a booth right there."

"But you don't know even my Utterly bewildered and very name,"said Jane, bewildered. happy, Jane called the employment

"Well, what is it?"agency. "Miss Adams? This is

"Jane Terrill."Jane Terrill,"she said.

"I shall probably call you "Oh, Miss Terrill! I've been

Janey. It's a nice oldfashioned trying to get in touch with you

name. I hate these newfangled ever since you were in here this

things like Marlene or Gloria or morning,"came the crisp voice of

Joanne. Janey? Yes, that's all Miss Adams. "Just after you left

right."here the Ohio man telephoned to

that Distance no one need Long me returned 1 HE nephew last position filled the apply. He think- "I've been with the glasses.

ing, Auntie, maybe I'd better go night * * what's that? Miss

I along with you tonight * * this Terrill? Are you—laughing?

Utah's Pioneer Printers young lady is to be your secretary? understood,"she continued agand Bookbinders Splendid! You can go tonight?"grievedly, "that you really needed

he asked Jane. "Yes? Then sup- a position. Yes. Goodbye."

Church Magazines bound perpose I drive you wherever you wish And in Jane Terrill's eyes as manently and attractively to pick up your bags for the trip? she took from Francis Parkinson's

at little cost. Have you shown Miss Terrill her hands a moment later the great

Newest designs in Wedding room, Auntie? You do that while bunch of purple violets there was a

and Social Stationery. I get the car backed out of the serious expression that the young

Modern Type Faces. garage. I'll be at the side door in man found very enchanting.

five minutes, Miss Terrill."'The roses are for Auntie,"he

Book and Publication Print- "It's a great relief to me, your explained. 'The violets just looking.

accepting this position, Miss Tered like you and so I had to bring

Music Printing. rill,"he said a few moments later them out for you. You don't

the the outer car sprang mind?"down Record Forms. as

drive the towards Loop. Jane felt that she would never 'You

ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN see, we're a large family and all of "mind"such gifts and as her eyes us are busy as hunters. I'm in met those of Francis Parkinson she

he chemistryI'm in the myselfmidst ofandan experimentright now feltfirst thatof manythese flowers* * asweretheybutwere!the

Press 4 just face. "I her you upon know

write in your29 RichardsiSt.—Salt Lake City, Utah Elbert Hubbard to asked hate to be

dear Hubbard.'books, Mr. "My#* <fc mt <* fls I Knew Him "there said lady,"Mr. Hubbard,

(Continued from page 625) INDEPENDENT BE =4 isfeelonlyworse,onenotthingto bethatasked!"makes me Vocation So Profitable! No Other

ENROLL NOW Hubbard entered the Roycroft Inn At Roycroft the workers made

For a Complete Course at the door, he was strongly silhouetted a ball with which to play catch.

against the sunlight outside. A It was a little larger than an ordiQoisii School of Beauty Culture lady who had waited patiently for nary baseball, made of soft

The Best in the West Mr. Hubbard's coming, walked tobrown leather, and was a profit

S04-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. wards him with an open book in maker. Everybody who came to

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH her outstretched hands. "Mr. Hubstay at the Inn was introduced to

bard, your of purchased I have one this of them by Mr. Information Further For ball—many

Call Catalog and for please autograph will books, sometimes himself, you Hubbard ""--.. or 7560 Wasatch "i, **s%! it for took to a just Hubbard and throws As Mr. me?"few

""-v.. Fill in This "\ fro—just s to to the his the book, for the he worked newcomer long enough way *<. *%. Coupon "N. N.

office counter, and picking up a get the soft feel, and once a person quill began to write. The lady caught that ball he was always sold

*%- was right beside him, peeping over to one for himself. Mr. Hubbard

his shoulder with a satisfied look always carried one of these RoyTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1934 639

croft balls and played catch with friends wherever he went. At the

Roycroft shops Mr. Hubbard believed that to keep his workers upto a high point of efficiency, it was NEW GRAND HOTEL

a good plan to take them out in Main at 4th South M. H. Thompson, Mgr.

the morning about 10 o'clock, and again about 3 o'clock in the afterin thisnoon, pastime and engage Salt Lake City's Most Popular these ballsof one to throwing from another. To play on the grass Medium Priced Hotel

surrounded by beautiful trees and buildings some people thought a loss of time, but Hubbard figuredthat those few minutes spent in Welcome Conference Visitors play added efficiency to the next few hours of work and would produce great results. And he was

right.

I ball the smallREGARDING TEMPLE side a certain wish to relate of

Hubbard'sMr. character—admiraGARMENTS BRANDtion for achievement. Of superior quality and workmanship He used

every minute to advantage and manufactured for the

KNITTING SALT STORE LAKE toleratecould idle laziness not and sold at prices defying And competition. ordering us from Whengossip. afternoon Mr. One Hubremember Postage S. we Pay in the Anywhere U. A.

Ibard catch playing were and and - No. No. FOR LADIES FOR MEN let fast a gethe had him, one 703 by.98 Flat Spring Needle $ Weave 662 Men's $1.35 NonRun Rayon

719 1.10 Light Ribbed Weight 610 Light Ribbed Needle.. 1.10 Spring large Wt. a theand coming boy down 792 1.25 Quality Lisle Fine Cotton 602 Lisle. Fine Quality 1.25 Extra 713 Silk Light 1.00 Lisle Weight it and ballroad to the got threw and 614 Ex. Quality Med. 1.25 Wt. 750 1.00 NonRun Rayon

It Silk 660 1.95 Weight.... swift and high, came,me. very Wool Medium and 736 Quality Lt. 75 Fine Cotton Wt 6111 2.95 Cotton Wool and Hvy. Wt. 50% 1.35 762 Rayon NonRun intoand although high I jumped 664 1.65 Hvy. Med. Cot. Double Wt. Back Silk 1.95 760 and Med. Wool Wt

601 Only.... 1.25 Med. Weight Style I airthe 735 ball New Light 89 the touched Cotton Ribbed Weight only with

the tips of my fingers, and it went 724 Medium Weight Cotton 1.25 635 New Style Light Wt. Cotton 89

15c Over 46skyward into the crotch of a tree, Prices SubjectGarmentsto ChangeMarkedWithoutUpon Notice.Request. 20%10cExtrafor Cotton—SilkCharge for Sizes

quite high up. Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman. Also state if long

Mr. Hubbard made no suggesor short sleeve, shortHeightor andlongWeight.legs areSampleswanted.SentGiveUponaccurateRequest.Bust Measurement,

tion, but just stood waiting patiently for a move on my part. I SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

took off my coat and Mr. Hubbard 42 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

looked surprised, because it was a difficult climb for a soft handed artist who did little to keep fit i> m ** g for a test of strength. As a kid I

tree, butcould climb almost any I Salt Lake City's Newest Popular Hotel life inwas no more a kid and New

York for several years had made a difference. I shinned up thattree rather fast at first, but as I HOTEL

climbed it became more difficult because I encountered some limbsthat I must get around. As I TEMPLE

looked towards the ground I could see Mr. Hubbard and the boystanding there watching every SQUARE

movement of mine, pulling for me 200 Rooms each with to make the grade. Well I climbed Tile Bath

and got the ball and threw it to

Mr. Hubbard and then slid down Rates

the tree. Mr. Hubbard was thrilled $1.50 to $4.00

and seemed to think this my greatRadio Connections for est achievement. Every Room

Elbert Hubbard said: "Get your

happiness out of your work or you Opposite Great Mormon Temple will never know what real happiERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

ness is."Also, "Blessed is the man

who has found his work."ip m m m> Sft

.

Man's Quest for Joy "Man is that he might have joy."The policy man "serves God in such a "The City of Happiness is in the State By HEBER Q. HALE manner as not to offend the devil."—Fuller.

of Mind."President of the Boise Stake, There can be no positive good

seems to be the only L. D. S. Church, Boise, Idaho without the existence of its opposite evil. There can be no real joyMANone of all the innumerable

grief. experiencing without A creatures of who God

in find her baby could not mother of quest. Outside his joymakes

if exquisite she not joy, such had the world. is in there joy noman,

it. shall first for suffered We is creation rest of all the toLife fruit "the of never the partake of existence. for fight serious asimply

first eat life"tree of until of we called joy? is this thing What tree fruit of the "the the of knowlhis joy really makeShould man evil."of do edge and good Wequest?

this that not do must by mean we "* * * spread; like poppies pleasures ate

You seize the flower, its bloom—Burns.is shed."evil;acquirebuta weknowledgedo mean thatof goodwe mustand

lives the to our conform and think of joy as evil can readily We evil. can as against the good One although than pleasure,being more

too often we confuse the terms and scarcely place any value on negative use them synonymously. As to degoodness. All we can say of a

is is afflicted that good; he thus man these terms consider gree, might we happiness find ness. cannot You for what. say cannot but He we as: ascendency of order the in live and must that way. You or for he something, be good may joy. happiness, pleasure, with motive, higher with work for nothing; be do good we may anticipathrough Pleasure comes less others, with for in service mind never for been has he not know, the of gratification the or tion, will be happy selfishness, then you

test, the accomplished or to put recall old Epithe senses. with dwell We will and come joy and anything. "pleasdoctrine made which curian all around It spring will up

life's fights the But man who chief and the good supreme ure least expect you where you.you—even battles undertakes wins; and who is joy. life."not of This end it. mythical is as the elusive as Joy the earth part to of subdue some soul is the of element an Joy object sole the her fairy. Make

it; succeeds in doing and who is felt doing, is one when which cannot search, and you of your

a weakness with human worthwhile or has some done first the struggles "seek ye find her. But

it; meets or overcomes and who sense life. a connotes in thing Joy rightHis of and Kingdom God

it, resists dehas temptation and pos- a prospect of wellbeing; of shall alt things other eousness, and

a positive of goodness veloped kind loves. that sessing one which a peace, joy holy be added—a real value, then, a he has and which is the of smelling the Pleasure understanding""passeth which

till then, joy what and not knows is tree. It the severed rose from to you. will come

sell God, you "Oh, it withers fragrant; but sweet and "* * win, joy would * an who price of an effort."-—-Daus everything Vinci. For the

it is the yet within it; while born a twin."happiness share was hand. Must Joy is the smelling of the rose on—Byron. THERE is no station along the

the tree; it gladdens the heart with Do not all your noblest desires highway of life marked "JOY",

its fragrance and beauty and somehow connect you with others? which you can designate as your

blooms on, for it is connected with Joy must be communicated, or destination, or your gettingoff its source of life and beauty. made mutual to be fully experiplace. You must either keep going

"Every man goes down to his death enced. Joy is much more difficult or die. All life is change. The

bearing in his hands only that which he has to conceal than sorrow. Joy seeks purpose of existence is growth. Life given away."—Persian Proverb. companionship; sorrow wants soliis dynamic, not static. It is ever

"THE great art curtain, which once tude. moving forward, not standing still.

hung before the stage in the "Men are that they might have Your worth is determined by what

Royal Opera House in Berlin, Gerjoy,"even a "fulness of joy"; but you do. "Life is a measure to be

many, showed the picture of a the nature of joy is such and the filled, not a cup to be drained."

naked young man riding a horse nature of man is such that this Joy comes to you through work without saddle or bridle, and with most desired state of being cannot and attainment. You experience

whip in hand he had lashed the be obtained by man alone, and the joy in service to others and in the animal to fastest speed. He was reason is simply that God hath orsweet companionships of life.

tramping under foot gardens and dained it otherwise. Remember, Joy is like a rainbow, whose

fields of flowers. Even men and "happiness was born a twin."Man arch is spread over all the day. Its

women and little children were cannot come into full realization beauty in the morning is reflected being torn by the hoofs of the or possession of himself and his in the west, beckoning us on tofleeing horse in this mad race. A possibilities and the fruition of his ward the close of day. And when

few leaps ahead was a gaping precipowers until he possesses himself the day is done and before the curtains of night are drawn, behold, pice. This scene was inscribed; of his counterpart—woman—and

"Die Yagt Nach Dem Glueck"they two become as "one flesh,"its glorious colors are spread upon (The Chase after Fortune) now and forever. This is an esthe eastern horizon—the promise

Life is not a chase after happisential part of the great plan. of the dawning of another day.

3J\H\- J3JVn5l 0\JJ01

the to foot mountain, the of the the stream where Editors: up campDEAR the called and right Weaver's forked. was stream Fork The let Mrs. Grace Pratt's criticism of 'The Land "I cannot

of Manana'go unchallenged. In our eyes it was the outstanding left Ogden's, both coming through the mountain in a deep

article of the year. After reading Mrs. Pratt's letter I looked narrow cut. The mountain was very high, steep, and rugup the article and reread it. Then for good measure I read ged. * * *

it aloud again to Mr. Robinson. His answer to the criticism 'On the 10th I started to hunt elk by myself, intending to

was a snort. We enjoyed the article more the third and stop out two or three nights. I traveled up Weaver's Fork in

fourth reading than we did the first. Do you suppose we got a southeasterly direction through the mountains. The route

some of the inferences? It's true we were prejudiced toward was very difficult and in many places hard traveling over

it in the beginning. high points of rocks and around huge precipices, on a trail

"Personal? Why not? Would Mrs. Pratt want personjust wide enough for a single horse to walk. In about ten

alities and incident glossed over until they are like every other miles I came into a small plain five or six miles in circumcharacter in fiction and totally unlike any in life? Why not ference, just as the sun was setting. Here I stopped for the

the truth? Surely there was nothing to be ashamed of. If night. * * * An hour after dark it clouded up and began

it were not for the truth therein the article wouldn't be worth to snow, but as I was under some large trees it did not trouble the paper it was written on. As written it is a gem. me much and I soon fell asleep. At daylight it was still

"Mrs. Pratt calls the Colonists peculiar. Perhaps. I have snowing very fast and about eight inches had fallen during

my doubts. The ones I know are surprisingly like other the night. I saddled my horse and started in a northerly direcpeople. Aside from the locale the story might have been tion over high, rolling hills covered with scrubby oaks,

duplicated in any village in Mormondom at that time. We quaking asps and maples, for about ten miles, where I came

had it all in my village even to the 'Aunties,'and I wasn't into a smooth valley about twenty miles in circumference, raised in Mexico. But in our village the boy as well as the called Ogden's Hole,'with the fork of the same name running

girl asked forgiveness. The fact that the article is typical of through it. Here the snow was about fifteen inches deep on

Mormon village life makes it more enjoyable and more worththe level'."

while. "Weaver's Fork is now known as Weber River."

"Phil and Dorothy Robinson.""Sincerely,

1 i i "W. H. Reeder."

Judge Editors: Reeder. Now we are sure that knotty THANKS,DEAR

is settled. question enclosing a clipping from the Idaho Farmer of "I am

recent date that I think you might like to use in the Era,"says 1 i i

Agnes Just Reid in a letter from Firth, Idaho. A/fAY I add here,"says Gladys B. Kennard, of Brigham,

"It comes the nearest to an explanation of that much moot *"'"that I think the Era is keeping one jump ahead of the question: 'When is a man drunk?'of anything I have ever progress of the times."We've puzzled a bit over that note,

seen and I wish it might be on the front page of every but have decided that it is meant as a compliment.

newspaper and magazine in the universe. So many people i i i

still"Whomaintainsays thatit doesa personnot becomecannot everybody'sget drunk onbusinessbeer. when MRS.letterBESSIEin whichB. sheDECKER,says she Aripine,gets considerableArizona,enjoymentwrites a

a fellow will drink booze!"as well as opportunity to teach the Gospel out of her assoWHEN IS ONE DRUNK? poetryciation clubswith whichpoetrygiveclubs.help and"Anyoneencouragementinterestedto inbeginners,joining

is there drop of blood one in a person whose contests, correspondtheir alcohol publish and conduct own magazines, THAT classified properly of be blood drops to every 1000 may etc., will please showers, and birthday members, ence among

as 'under the influence of drink,'and that if such person has write to me for information."Mrs. Decker's address is Mrs.

five drops of alcohol to 1000 drops of his blood he is actually Bessie B. Decker, Aripine, Arizona.

near death from acute alcohol poisoning, are declarations of i i -t surgeon. British Eccles, a noted William McAdams line,"says in the every magazine been improving have "yOU "nervous all its the stages influence in of upon * 'Alcohol "It's Hinois. splendid."Lacon, E. Uschold, Maud

Eccles, stimulant,'says a is Dr. a never narcotic and system 1 i i

othei or a that drink whiskey of theory the exploding thus therefore frequently, ideas, the same people and have the meaning Defining the body. stimulates or MANY intoxicant mind

print. in For expresses someone enjoy thm them when is which, substance narcotic any says: narcotic, 'A he of espeentire the reading and magazine instance: "I enjoyed less to function causes cells brain, the them of the reaching people,"the cially of influence the the on Mountains Mormon that is person.'for normal rapidly than our "Surely Arizona. Miami, McKussick, says Herbert H. have not that does one the point Eccles emphasizes "Dr.

it is lives good to our and with do surroundings have much conclusion influence drink. of His the to to be be under drunk

is it as it in not print, even see though putting to someone in beverage alcoholic drinks a is person an that whenever article Standard as Gold tangible, perhaps, be on an might The ceni a fraction per of one even sufficient to minor quantity put so. happily I again, in and the west back example. am to is irresponsible—for to degree that and his stream in blood he

is it country, the plains central in Texas, seven months After is in if present others himself he endangering and degree that family hills, these with back in to Arizona be back my good a as driver automobile."traffic of an a or either as footman

again."i i i—"Idaho Farmer."other contributors, art well fiction writers, as as our

i i i OUR Phyllis Miss statement friendly this likely to from enjoy Editors: DEAR stories that of type "I the Idaho: Grace, admire Mendenhall, article in to the to answer intention "It make was my a as of in Era, are member and printed Improvement The Perrins. Colonization issue 'The Glen written by January your

is I there that magazine to no say S. wish Church, L. the D. getting business Stress prevented of from Hole.'me of Ogden

I preference to in yours."read desire to that in matter the it. your of a true statement find glad to at I am

i i entitled, 'Ogden's Jensen issue and written July Andrew by as differ to about seem regarding dry farming-f OPINIONS Hole.'

S. before subjects. other as M. on Even they widely do Ogden's that Jensen's conclusion of Mr. a confirmation 'As

to got subject out letter straight the setting us on Atkinson's I trapper the the in of days Valley may Hole Ogden was a from along word in came readers September number our our published Russell of journal the Osborne to from quote you dry lived Iona, a have Olsen, "I Idaho. on Eugene Mrs. follows: as Boise, in Co. Idaho, at SymsYork 1921 by

I to Olsen, much you says Mrs. know how want "And farm,""'January l, 1841. I enjoyed reading Dorothy Clapp Robinson's story—'Out of

'The ground was still bare but the weather cold and the the Dust.'Am glad to hear you are soon going to publish

fresh water streams shut up with ice. On the 3d we moved another one of her stories."

*/*-** -X-*.*

t

H/mxxm*mmmff**mmamtmtt*'i*

"STEVE—That's sound business—Had we invested

part of our funds in Beneficial Life Insurance we'd be

OK today."**I move we arrange a Beneficial insurance program right now/'

OK? Good."IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

Directors HEBER J. GRANT

A. W. IVINS

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

GEO. J. CANNON

E. T. RALPHS

JOS. F. SMITH B. F. GRANT houl

DAVID O. MCKAY A. B. C. OHLSON msvEAii AHY

HEBER J. GRANT. President o E. T. RALPHS. GEN. MGR.