iMPROVEMMf

Vol., 29 No. 12

OCTOBER, 1926

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF v* %**%*** LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMM1A SALT LAKE CITY UVMM L. D. S. GARMENTS

The "Tempi Brand"Garments are handled only by your leading merchants. We make a Variety of Grade* and Weights to meet every requirement,

with strings and buttons, long or short sleeves and legs at you want them according to seasonable desires. Samples submitted on request.

For Ladies For Men 1.50 Light2". Mwtriwd No. 975 Med182—Med.. HeavyHeavy Veight 21S1.85 No Lisle - 990—Heavy Ecru. Cotton. 2.50 No. 22—Silk Strip* Med"! 1.50 No

To insure a good fit give bust measure, height, and weight, specify whether garments are for men or women, and state whether long sleeves, ankle length or short sleeves three quarter legs are desired. Garments marked ISo pair

extra. We prepay postage to all parts of United States.

Oldest Knitting Store in Utah

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE, 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

It costs no more to have your home PROPERLY decorated, no matter where you live, or what your home furnishing requirements may be. If not convenient to call and talk to

our decorators just write your problems to us, we will cheerfully assist you. We are fully prepared to render a

broad helpful service without cost or obligation to you.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DlNWOODEY*S -GOOD FURNITURE "

Utah's oldest continuous mercantile establishment.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Rubbing Elbows with Achievement ITcontact,has beenwithaptlygreatsaid men.that toEveryachieveintelligentgreatness, man"ruborelbows,"woman, oryoungcome orin

old, is fully aware of the farreaching effect, for good or bad, of our association with others. How important, therefore, that we choose associates

whose influence will improve our lives.

But all can't possibly come in personal It is important and necessary, therefore, contact with men and women of achievethat we give ourselves and our children the ment, power and good influence. So, we advantage of the best literature. And how

must associate with them in an indirect easy it is to bring into our homes, periodway. It has been as truly said; "Show ieally, the influence and uplift of the best

thinkme what you read, and I will show you minds of the country—dependable

what you are."Our books, our magazines, ers and philosophers, authorities of church

become our companions, guiding and inand state, eminent writers of biography, spiring according to their nature. history, prose and poetry.

The IMPROVEMENT ERA Connects You with the Best Thought of the Day The IMPROVEMENT ERA connects you with men and women of achievement. It is an indirect means by which, figuratively, you may walk side

by side with them, talk wth them, think with them, act with them, grow with them. What inspiration and encouragement for the continued struggle with

life's problems! What a pleasant source of information and enlightenment for

the climb to eternal success and happiness!

If you are now a subscriber, continue this beneficial contact by renewing your subscription NOW, before the present volume expires. If you don't

have the advantage of the Improvement Era in your home, for the sake of your children See What is and your own best interests, place it there in Store foras soon as possible. Get the first number of

this benefit, this source of enlightenment, enRead Next Page couragement and inspiration.

What You May Expect in Volume 30 ATTRACTIVE FEATURES Important and inspiring messages and instructions from President Heber J.

Grant, Editorin-chief.

SPECIAL ARTICLES—Articles of speROMANCE AND ADVENTURE—

cial interest on pertinent topics of the day, Stirring, appealing stories that hold the by, dependable authorities on religion attention to the final word. They stimuscience and philosophy. late courage and action, with higher ideals

INTERESTING ESSAYS—Essays on and aspirations.

popular subjects, by leading and dependable INSPIRING POEMS—Poems that give

thinkers and writers. you a spiritual viewpoint toward the complace thought onSERMONS AND ADDRESSES—Sermon phases of life—they

mons of the Authorities of the Church, a new plane.

and addresses of men and women of emipithy sayPOINTS IN BRIEF—Terse,nence throughout the Nation. ings that stimulate thought, and suggest

HISTORY, ACTIVITY, BIOGRAPHY the shortcuts to improvement.

incidents and interesting per-—Grippingsonalities in the early and present life of HUMOROUS HINTS—Wit and humor

the West, under the title of "Westerners that inspires a light heart without sugIn Action."gesting evil.

REGULAR DEPARTMENTS avenue through which the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.,MUTUAL WORK—The

with its committees and officers, talk to you. Plans and instructions for all Mutual work,

including class, special program, scout and recreation activities.

Priesthood quorums find here information and inPRIESTHOOD—Officers and members of

struction from the First Presidency and the Presiding Bishopric pertaining to their ward and stake work and individual requirements.

editorials on popular subjects, that stimulate new thought, and inspireEDITORIAL—Pertinent

and encourage us in our duties and daily live.

news, with photographs, from all the missions, at home andMISSION MESSAGES—Current

abroad, through which we may keep in close touch with our young men and women, who are striving unselfishly for the uplift and good of humanity. Faithpromoting incidents in

their experiences; their travels; answers to prayers; their hopes and successes, are depicted. A

most interesting department.

digest of the current news of the day, taken from dependable sourcesPASSING EVENTS—A

and written without bias.

interesting pictures are printed in every volume of the EraILLUSTRATIONS—Hundreds of

Nature in all her beauty, in mountains and valleys; animal life, wild and domestic; industrial

progress; Boy Scout activities, etc., depicted. Beautiful scenes of our wonderlands, at home

and abroad, are placed before your vision.

Era is the general organ of our Church Seminaries and Schools. ImCHURCH SCHOOLS—The

portant articles and information on this subject, by leading educators, appear regularly.

of singing, choir members, and ward music committees, will findCHURCH MUSIC—Leaders

in the Era information and suggestions from the Church Music Committee that will help in their work, EQUIVALENT TO 13 NUMBERS In every third number of the Improvement Era we publish thirtytwo extra pages, the equivalent of an entire number during the more yeiv—or

than thirteen instead of twelve numbers of the regular size. More than

1300 pages of the best literature published today for only $2.

What People SayAbout theEra Many favorable comments are received from readers of the Era, who arc anxious to tell us of the encouragement, inspiration and help they derive from its reading. Here are three:

"I feel that you are entitled to hearty con- a dear friend of many years'acquaintance. But

gratulations for the splendid publication you are in many ways it is more than a dear friend, putting out. It is really the best piece of for it has inspiration for every need and mood."

literature we have, without a single exception, Andrew M. Anderson, Principal L. D. S.

and a bound volume of the Era is surely a Seminary, Cedar City, Utah, valuable acquisition to any library."James

appreciation to the editor!H. Wallis, Executive Secretary Utah Public "We extend our

Health Association. or tie com Pan inship f the Improvement Era.

We are anxious to receive it, and to read the "I am pleased to express appreciation of the many good things it contains."Woodruff H.

Era. I feel toward it as I would feel toward Medley. President West Iowa Conference.

Part?Will You Do Your

The Improvement Era should be in EVERY Latterday Saint home. But whether

you are a member of the Church or not, you owe it to yourself and family* to take advantage of the uplift, encouragement, inspiration, and enlightenment that it offers.

If you are an officer of the Y. M. M. I. A. or Priesthood quorums, it becomes

your pleasant duty, not only to make the Improvement Era a regular and constant visitor in your home, but to introduce it to your neighbors and friends, that they also might be benefited from its companionship. Every family in every ward should be

solicited by duly appointed Y. M. M. I. A. workers and shown the advantage of

having this choice literature in their home. The Improvement Era can do good only

to the extent that it circulates and is read. If it reaches only fifty homes in your

community, remember that it would do four times as much good if it could reach two hundred homes, IT SHOULD BE READ BY EVERY FAMILY. Will you

do your part to extend the usefulness and effectiveness of this worthy magazine? Send

your order and $2 today; avoid the rush later in the year.

Volumef30 begins November,'1926 {$2.00 PER ANNUM IN ADVANCE)

Don't Miss the First Number Use "Blank on Back Tage Send Your Subscription Today Pin a $2 check or P. O. money order to this blank.

Do not wait for the local agents. They will get credit for all yon now do. Write your

name and address in full and forward to the General Office. If currency is sent, register the letter.

Improvement Era

4 7 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

enter Dear Brethren: Enclosed find $2 for which please my subscription to Volume renew

XXX Improvement Era, beginning with the issue of November, 19 26.

(Write first name in full)

Ward

Street and Number

R. F. D P. O.-

Date 1925. State

Notice: Subscriptions may begin any time, but most readers prefer the complete volume.

Why not send the Era to a friend as a Christmas present?

M.I.A. Manuals for 192627 Now Ready

for this class have been provided, from whichADVANCED SENIOR CLASS—Two Manuals

a choice may be made. They are. Heroes of Science, price 25 cents, and Rational Theology, by

Elder John A. Widtsoe, 185 pages, 25 cents paper. The former is a review of the life and

accomplishments of noted scientists who have contributed marvelously to our presentday civilization; and the latter, a commonsense view and discussion of religion in ail its phases and

relations. Should be read by everybody. Price, paper 25c; cloth binding to order.

SENIOR CLASS The Young Man and His Religion, prepared for the M Men by Dr. John A.

Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve. This series of lessons contains the information and

suggestions necessary to sane and safe viewpoints on religion. Every M. Man will enjoy

this study. It teaches that the laws of success are derived from religion, and that the

faithful observance of gospel principles lead to achievement in every righteous field of endeavor.

ADVANCED JUNIOR CLASS Religion a Vital Factor in Character Building, by B. S. Hinckley. A fascinating book for Advanced Juniors who prefer study to Scout work. It holds

your interest, and makes you love manhood and character.

JUNIOR CLASS Stories of Courage and Devotion, taken from the experiences of our earlyday missionaries in the various countries of the earth. It is the aim of this Manual to instil into the hearts of our young men, our Boy Scouts, the "missionary spirit,"and inspire in them

the courage and devotion depicted by the many incidents in the stories. Interesting and thrilling.

price 2 5 cents.

These Manuals are a valuable asset to your family library, either for study or general reading.

The price of each Manual is 25c. You may secure yours from the Y. M. M. I. A. officers of

your ward; or send direct to the General Office of the Y. M. M. I. A.. 47 East South Temple,

Sale Lake City, Utah. Cash must accompany order.

Autumn

'Tis Autumn, and the nights are cold;

The sky is pale and streaked with gray,

Revealing that the year is old,

Has but a few short weeks to stay.

The frost has blighted nature's face,

Though still a few pale flow'rs remain.

The vines hang limp like tattered lace,

Reft by the savage wind and rain.

The trees stand bare with sober mien;

Through leafless boughs the chill winds sigh

A lonely bird is sometimes seen

And heard to chirp a sad goodbye.

The Summer garb worn by the hills,

Is faded thin and tempest torn.

The grassy banksof rippling rills

Are bleached and lifeless, all forlorn.

And yet, stern Autumn, I love thee,

For thou hast garnered fruit and grain,

Abundant blessings brought to me,

My very being to sustain.

The cold, gray clouds which shroud the earth

Contain the blessed snow and rain,

Which gave to charming Spring its birth;

Then why should I of clouds complain?

And thus, in our Creator's plan,

The choicest, dearest, gifts are won

In darkest days, by earth and man.

First from the clouds and then the sun.

Logan, Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON

SCENES IN MEXICO

Above: Church at Satioo; center: Church building near Mexico City; below: Monument at Molino del Rey, erected by the Mexican government in honor of soldiers

who fell there.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIX OCTOBER, 1926 No. 12

CONDITIONS IN MEXICO

A Reply to Monsignor D. G. Hunt, of the

Catholic Church By President Anthony W. Ivins,

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

(Reprinted from the Salt Lake Tribune, of August 15, 1926.)

Editor Tribune: In your issue of Sunday, the 8th, you publish a letter

addressed to me, written by Father Hunt of the Catholic church.

When I made the address referred to before the Exchange club, I had no thought that it would result in any discussion of the subject treated; but

inasmuch as Father Hunt has addressed me through the public press, courtesy requires me to reply.

I inclose herewith my reply, and, if consistent with your policy, request that it be given the same publicity granted to the writer of the letter to which it is an answer.

With assurances of respect and esteem, sincerely yours,

A. W. IVINS.

Monsignor D. G. Hunt, Cathedral of the Madeleine, 331 East South

Temple Street, City.

Dear Monsignor have received and read with interest your Hunt:—I

letter of the 7th addressed to me, and published in part in the Sunday issue of The Salt Lake Tribune. I thank you for it, and the fair and

openminded manner in which you refer to the remarks made by me before the Exchange club on Friday, the 6th.

Your letter affords me the opportunity to state clearly my attitude in regard to the unfortunate condition which exists in Mexico at the present time, and which appears to have brought on a conflict between the Calles government and the Catholic church, which will be difficult to compose.

Before answering your letter in the order in which you have writEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103. Act

of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 4 06, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

1128 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ten it, permit me to define my attitude regarding the proper relationship which should exist between the church and the state. When 1 use

the word church, I mean it to apply to the Catholic church, to all

Protestant denominations, and to the church of which I am a member.

The remarks which I made before the Exchange club were not intended to be a defense of the Calles government, nor a criticism of the Catholic church. Mexico is a foreign power; it is not the government to which I have pledged allegiance or to which I owe obedience,

except in so far as my responsibility to honor and respect its laws when

I may be a temporary resident within its confines is concerned.

The greater part of my active life I have devoted to work in

Mexico. I have been intimately acquainted with her presidents during

that time, have had large business transactions with her state departments, have been in the homes of the wealthy and have slept in the hovels of her oppressed and downtrodden peasantry. I have partaken

of their scanty hospitality, always cheerfully given; have heard from

their own lips, and seen with my own eyes, the tragic story of their unhappy lives. I know their strong religious convictions, their devotion to the principles for which patriots have given their lives all down

through the ages. I am alone as I write this letter. I have consulted

with no one. I speak only for myself and assume the entire responsibility for what I may say. I have lying on my desk the story of the

lives of the Mexican people during the past four hundred years as it is told by the Abbe Domenech, by Father Las Casa, by Solis, Bernal Diaz and other writers, devoted men of your own faith, who were eyewitnesses of the things which they declare to be truths. I have the story

told by Prescott, Bancroft, Von Humboldt, Abbott and others, men among the most reliable that have written on the subject. I also have

copies of the current daily press published in the City of Mexico, which come to me every morning. I have endeavored to be properly informed.

They all tell the same story of patriotism, courage and story—a

selfsacrifice, unsurpassed by the patriots of our own country, as Mexicans have struggled for more than a century to emancipate themselves from the thralldom of kingcraft and priestcraft with which they have been bound for more than four hundred years, two forces which have been responsible for more misery, sorrow and bloodshed than all others combined.

It is for these people that I plead. All that I ask is that patience

be exercised; that they be left to adjust their own internal affairs without interference; that reason and justice be applied instead of hatred,

malice and force. I plead that the words of the Divine Master, whom

both you and I profess to follow, be applied: "Whatsoever ye would

that men shall do unto you, do ye even so unto them."I make this

appeal in behalf of the Mexican people, in behalf of Catholics and

Protestants give them freedom founded upon rightalike—may God

eousness and justice.

CONDITIONS IN MEXICO 1129

The Proper Relationship of Church and State

I believe that civil governments are indispensable to the safety, happiness and development of mankind. I believe that God, our Father,

who has created the earth and placed man upon it, and who has ever had a watchful care over his children, has inspired men, from time to time, to establish such systems of government as the time and circumstances demanded, in order that the definite plan which he has provided for the blessing and ultimate redemption of his children may be accomplished.

Civil governments are controlled by laws which are enacted by the people who are to be governed by them. These laws are administered by

executors who are chosen by the voice of the people. They are human

laws, and must be obeyed by all citizens who reside within the confines of the state where they are in force. They control our lives, our

liberties, the possessions which we call our own. If we refuse to obey,

the state administers the penalties which the law provides. It may

take our lives, restrain us in our liberties, or take from us our property; our resistance to it is hopeless. It is human law, and compels

obedience whether we will or not.

Religion is instituted of God, and men are amenable to him and to him only for the exercise of it. I do not believe that human laws

should prescribe rules of worship which bind the consciences of men, nor dictate forms of public or private devotion, except where the exercise of these ceremonies infringe upon the rights of others. I believe

that the civil magistrate should restrain crime, but never control conscience; should punish guilt, but never suppress the freedom of the

soul.

I do not believe it just to mingle religious influence with civil government, whereby one religious society is fostered and another proscribed in its spiritual privileges, and the individual rights of its members, as citizens, denied.

I do not believe that any religious society should try men on the right of property or life, take from them this world's goods, put them in jeopardy of life or limb, or inflict any physical punishment upon them. They can only excommunicate them from their society and

withdraw from them the hand of fellowship.

The civil magistrate acts in his office under the provisions of human laws, which are compulsory. The officer of the church should act

by authority of God, whose priesthood he assumes to hold. This priesthood has no compulsory power, but must be maintained by persuasion,

by gentleness, by kindness and love unfeigned, without hypocrisy and without guile.

I believe civil government, founded upon principles of righteousness and justice, indispensable to the orderly existence of society, and that it should be perpetuated.

I believe religion indispensable to the perpetuity and stability of 1130 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the state. The place of the church is to teach and uphold those principles of equality, justice, righteousness and morality which the lessons

of the past teach us are the only secure foundation upon which national existence can be perpetuated.

If you and I do not agree on these conclusions, if our opinions differ, can we not sit down together, and, by reason and argument, find common ground upon which we can stand? Or will we, we men of

the twentieth century, who live in the most enlightened and progressive period of the world's history, with the lessons of the past to guide us, and with the gospel of the Master in our hands, continue to cherish the rancor and hatred and bitterness of the past, until the world shall again be drenched in human blood?

Answering Your Letter You say: "You and I are Americans. We believe that our federal constitution and our state constitutions are just in that they recognize certain inalienable rights. Among these are the right to own private property, the right to have private schools, the right of free speech

and. the press, and the right to worship God according to one's conscience. These are rights for which you and I would fight."

Upon this you and I can have no argument. Yes, we would

fight in defense of these inherent rights which are so dear to us, but we must not overlook the fact that these privileges are guaranteed to us with certain welldefined limitations, and that whenever we exercise them in a manner that we infringe upon the rights of others, the guarantee ceases to be in force. The right of free speech is guaranteed to

me, but if I exercise that right to defame you, if I utter words of sedition against the government which has conferred this right upon me, and protects me in the exercise of it, I may be justly silenced by the law.

It is my right to possess property, but if I obtain that property by unfair means, it may be rightfully taken from me, and restored to its proper owner. The freedom of the press is mine, but if I use it to

excite sedition and rebellion against the government which has granted this privilege to me I forfeit it and have no just right to complain if it is taken from me. We are entitled to establish and maintain church

schools, but if the church university at Provo advocates that the university established by the state shall be abolished, and the church encourages that attitude; if the University of Utah is finally abolished,

and the church declares that there shall be no institutions of learning established in the United States, except those which are controlled by it, I am certain that you will agree with me that such action would constitute a just reason why the civil law should declare our right to conduct church schools forfeited.

After recounting the restrictions placed upon the Catholic church and clergy in Mexico, under the existing law, you say:

"If you can picture what all this would mean to you and the

CONDITIONS IN MEXICO 1131

members of your church, you can understand what the present laws and the present attitude of the government of Mexico mean to the Catholics and the Catholic church in that unfortunate country."

I can visualize it, and have nothing to say in defense of it. The

church of which I am a member has passed through similar experiences.

Laws have been enacted by the congress of the United States prohibiting the practice of certain principles held very dear by the church and its members, and against the practice, of which there was no existent law. The church was disincorporated, all of its property confiscated,

its leading priesthood disfranchised, family ties were sundered, and men thrown into prison because of their adherence to a principle which they believed to be both scriptural and proper.

There was no revolt, no effort made to incite the members of the church to oppose by other than legal means. In a dignified manner, the legality of the law was contested in the courts, and, when

declared to be constitutional, the church immediately adjusted itself to be in obedience to the law, and has religiously honored and obeyed it. I believe that all questions which may arise, where the church and

state disagree, should be composed in that way.

You say to me: "Suppose that the laws of the state, dating back

to a time of barbarity, provide that every person sixty years of age shall be executed. Suppose that you become president of that state

and promptly proceed to execute all persons sixty years of age. You

are accused of inhumanity, and cruelty, and injustice. You then pleadin your defense—'I have no desire to execute old people. I cannot

do a thing to change the laws; it breaks my heart to take the life of

anyone; I assure the very persons whom I am now executing that I

love them dearly, but please do not blame me.'That is the attitude

of the Mexican president, according to you. Is it sincere?"

If that were the attitude of the Mexican president, according to me, and I sustained him in it, I would consider my attitude as absurd as the question appears to me. Such a condition as suggested in

your question has never existed, never can exist; therefore, no answer

to it is necessary.

The Mexican president is not acting under a law which was enacted in a time of barbarity, but one which is of recent creation. Let

me present the situation by asking you another hypothetical question.

Suppose that I issued a decree that all persons who differ from me in religious beliefs should be put to death. Suppose that law is enforced,

and thousands of people executed under it. Suppose the law is finally

repealed, but I continue to execute it. You come to me and protest,

and insist that its execution must cease, and I urge that it is a law established by infallible authority and shall be upheld. Would you be

justified in putting a stop to the execution of unbelievers? Would it

be your duty to permit me to go on, or would you enforce the law, regardless of my protest? This is not a question based upon either an

improbability or has actually occurred. impossibility—it

1H2 IMPROVEMENT ERA

What I Said Before the Exchange Club

I began my address by saying that Mexico is reaping the harvest from seed sown four hundred years ago, and, in order to justify this statement, I reviewed the history of that country, from the time of the conquest until the present. My address was not written, I spoke

from my own knowledge, and quoted from the writings of the ablest historians who have written on the subject. What I said and quoted

is the truth, as near as it is possible for me to tell it, without prejudice or favor. If in repeating those remarks here I shall offend the Catholic

church, its clergy, or anyone of my acquaintances who are members of the church, whose friendship I highly esteem, I shall greatly regret it.

The Abbe Emmanuel Domenech, in his Mexico as It Is—The

Truth, says: "My principle is that truth injures only him who

speaks it. It is often useful to those who hear. I shall not take pains

to invent, but write only the truth."

The Conquest

After the slaughter of two hundred thousand Mexicans, as near as I am able to compute the figures given, when Hernan Cortez, with his small army of Spaniards and large number of Indian allies, effected the conquest of the City of Mexico in May, 1520, he found himself in possession of the capital city of the Aztec empire, which, it is estimated, ruled over thirty millions of people. Not nomadic, wandering

tribes, but a people living in great cities, which they had builded, with palaces, temples, and beautiful civilization which many hishomes—a

torians tell us was in some respects superior to that of Spain. Gold

and silver, precious stones and pearls existed in quantities beyond the dreams of the most rapacious conquistador.

Pope Alexander IV pledged to Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain every isle, continent and sea where they should plant their flag in the western hemisphere. Julius II, his successor, confirmed these grants,

and added all of the benefices, dignities and offices claimed by the Holy

See. The king of Spain thus became the supreme head of both the

church and state, thus making both the church and state responsible for the acts of their respective representatives in the conquest and government of the new world.

After the conquest of the Aztec empire, there began a campaign of murder, rapine, and destruction unequalled in the history of the modern world. Michael Chevalier, writing of the conquest of Mexico,

says: "It was a crusade, a holy war against the infidels. To compel

them to confess the faith was an incomparable merit. In such a case it

was a little matter that they gave unbridled license to their passions, that they were licentious, covetous, and bathed themselves in blood.

Every sin would be atoned by so good a work."

In all of this the cross went before the conquistador. The battle

cry was the Holy Virgin and the saints; every soldier considered himCONDITIONS IN MEXICO 1133

self an apostle whose duty it was first to conquer the heathen, and after the battle was over baptize those who were left alive. When a city

was taken, the conquerors rushed to the idolatrous temples, and, appropriating the gold with which they were adorned, threw down the heathen idols and, raising the image of the Holy Virgin or saints in their places, commanded the astonished natives to bow down and worship them, declaring that these were their gods, and that they were more powerful than the gods of Tenochitlan. The people "did so and were

declared to be Christians.

Peter of Ghent, a Flemish monk, writing from Mexico in 1529, says that he and another missionary had converted two hundred thousand Mexicans, their ordinary day's work being from ten to twenty thousand souls.

Father Hunt, do you believe that people who are converted under these circumstances can possibly have proper understanding of

Christianity?

Von Humboldt says: "The introduction of the Romish religion had no other effect on the Mexicans than to substitute new ceremonies and symbols for the rights of a sanguinary worship. I have

seen them, masked and adorned with tinkling bells, perform savage dances around the altar, while a monk of St. Francis elevated the Host."

The Abbe Emmanuel Domenech says: "The Mexican is not a

is simply a Christian because he has been baptized. ICatholic—he

say that Mexico is not a Catholic country."This man was a Catholic

priest, and chaplain and spiritual adviser to the Emperor Maximilian and the expeditionary forces sent by France to establish him on the throne of a Catholic empire which they plotted to create in Mexico.

The value of the loot gathered by the conquerors of Mexico, in gold, silver, gems and cloth of gold, will never be known. It made

Spain the wealthiest nation of her time, and enriched the church until it was declared to have been the most magnificent and impressive ecclesiastical establishment in the world.

The personal property of the Mexicans exhausted, the conquerors turned for profit to the people themselves. Great numbers were

carried to the old world, where they were sold into slavery. Repartamentos were made by which the lands, and the people upon them, were

divided among the Spaniards.

In vain Father Las Casas and other holy men cried out against these abuses; in vain they appealed to the king of Spain and to the head

of the church in behalf of these hapless people. "No words can depict

the miseries of these hapless races. Burning, torturing, mutilating and

branding followed revolt. Starvation, exhaustion, blows were their

lot in time of peace. Households were rendered desolate, wives were

torn from husbands, daughters from parents, to be distributed among soldiers and sailors, while the children were put to work in the gold washings, and there perished by thousands."Las Casas declares that in

1134 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fifteen years from four to five millions of people perished in Guatamala alone, while the bishop of Chiapa says that fifteen millions were exterminated in his time.

Do you wonder that Guatamoctzin, the heroic young emperor of

Mexico at the time of the final conquest, the last to occupy the throne of Montezuma, said to Cortez, who had ordered him stretched over burning coals, in order to compel him to reveal state secrets and accept

Christianity: rtAs for me and mine, we elect to die. I will neither

trust the men who commit, nor the God who permits, such atrocities."

The Struggle for Liberty The circumstances which led to the declaration of Mexican independence were similar to those which existed in the colonies at the time of the Declaration of Independence of the United States of

America.

Spain had prohibited the production of certain articles in Mexico which could be produced in the mother country. Miguel Hidalgo y

Costillo, a Catholic priest at the town of Dolores, had planted a vineyard, and was engaged in an endeavor to make the production of silk in the new world a success. Under royal decree his vineyard and silk

worms were destroyed. On September 10, 1810, at midnight, he rang

his chapel bell and at the signal a large number of people assembled.

Hidalgo declared Mexico an independent nation and appealed to those assembled to join him and fight for freedom.

One hundred thousand Indians rallied to his standard, and for a short time were successful, but they were without discipline, without arms, and were no match for the army of trained Spanish soldiers which marched against them. They were excommunicated by the church,

hunted down by the soldiery, until Hidalgo was finally betrayed by

Bustamente and executed at the city of Chihuahua, the first martyr for the liberties of Mexico. Hidalgo was dead, but the torch of liberty

which he had lighted could not be extinguished. Men like Morelos,

Nicolas bravo, Allende, Guerrero and other patriots kept up the fight against what appeared to be insurmountable obstacles, until the independence of Mexico was achieved.

Myer, in his Political History of Mexico, says:

"After the Spaniards again obtained temporary mastery under

General Calleja, the annals of the time teem with accounts of sanguinary vengeance which was wreaked by that inhuman monster upon the victims who fell within his grasp.

"For this distinguished service Calleja was created marshal, decorated with the grand cross of the Order of Charles III, and appointed viceroy."From this time there was constant conflict between the Clerical party and the Republicans, and the government periodically changed from one of these parties to the other. Abbott, in his Mexico and

the United States, says:

CONDITIONS IN MEXICO 1135

"In 1826 the legislature of the state of Oajaca established the

Institute of Arts and Sciences, at which school a course in law was to be given. A Catholic seminary had already been established at Oajaca,

and the Clerical party immediately declared war upon the institute, denouncing it as a focus of revolution and heresy. The institute was

finally abolished, but not until it had given to Mexico Benito Juarez,

Miguel Mendez, both pureblooded Indians, and others whos names will live in the hearts of the Mexican people as long as those of Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln live in the hearts of loyal citizens of the

United States."

To follow the history of the struggle of the Mexican people for liberty from this time until Juarez and his compatriot, Porfirio Diaz, would be interesting and enlightening, but my letter is already long.

It is sufficient to say that repeatedly, while in control of the government, the Clerical party endeavored to induce a foreign prince to come to Mexico and assume the throne and establish a Catholic empire, and that with the coming of Maximilian their purpose appeared to have been accomplished; but the Republicans, under Juarez, were finally

victorious, Maximilian was executed, and the last hope of the Clerical party to establish a Catholic empire vanished.

The fact that Mexico today, after four hundred years of government, has a population of only about fifteen millions of people, notwithstanding its immense natural resources, and that millions of people have gone to that country from the old world, is indisputable evidence that something has been wrong with her system of government.

. Father Hunt, this is not a defense of the present Mexican government; it is not an arraignment of the Catholic church. I do not

in any degree hold the present head of the Catholic church, her cardinals, her bishops or her clergy, responsible for the acts of their predecessors.

I absolve them from all responsibility for the acts to which I have referred; but you know that people with these tragedies of the past

before them, people who are yet struggling for real civilization and religious liberty, are entitled to sympathy, even if in some instances they go to extremes. While neither you nor I should be held responsible for the acts of our predecessors, we both know that the lessons of

the past are the mileposts which are placed along the way, and that if we follow the straight path which has led other people into safe harbors we are secure; if we walk in other than the path marked out

by our Lord and Master, we are in danger.

In conclusion, I desire to make plain this one point: I believe in

the indispensable necessity of the existence of constitutional law to govern us in temporal affairs. I sustain the civil law of my country

and its constitution against all people who seek to destroy it, be they foreign or domestic, be they emperors, kings, rulers or magistrates.

Whether they be popes, cardinals, bishops, priests or laymen; whether

they be in my own church or yours, they must not attack these Godgiven institutions upon which our government rests, and if I properly 1136 IMPROVEMENT ERA

understand the character of the men who make up the membership of the church of which I am a member, they defend these principles of civil government to the last man. With respect and friendship, I remain, sincerely yours.

A. W. IVINS.

Salt Lake City. August 14, 1926.

Heights

Up at the canyon's crest, Where the matchless eagles soar,

And the wind speeds by, With a high, shrill cry, Bending the tree tops o'er, Will be found life's zest With the tingling thrill of the pungent hill,

Answering the ceaseless quest.

But Only those who dare May breathe clean air, Up there.

Out on the mountain steep, Where the windscarred cedars grow,

Where no sound is heard, But.the stir of a bird.

Answering his mate below, There's a silence deep Away from the roar of the canyon's floor

Where the soul may vigils keep.

But Only those who care Learn secrets rare, Up there.

Up on the summit line, Where the ponderous silence lies,

Where the earth's great face, Reaches up through space, Piercing the wise old skies, There's a quiet shrine There, away from strife, and alone with life.

One perceives the plan divine.

ButEarthly dross foreswear, If truth you'd share, Up there.

Sigurd, Utah IRV1N L. WARNOCK

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST

When the Prophet Set the American Issue of Going Overland to

Take Oregon for America By I. K. Russell

Author of "Hidden Heroes of the Rockies"

XII

"What do we want of this vast, worthless area, this region of savages and wild beasts, of deserts, of shifting sands and whirlwinds of dust, of cactus and prairie dogs? To what use could we ever put these great deserts, these endless mountain

ranges, impenetrable, and covered to their base with eternal snow? What can we

ever hope to do with the western coast, a coast of three thousand miles, rockbound.

cheerless and uninviting, and not a harbor in it? What use have we for such a

country. Mr. President, I will never vote one cent from the public treasury to place

the Pacific coast one inch nearer to Boston than it is now."Daniel Webster, most

famous of New England statesmen, said to have been told in a speech to the United

States Senate.

Oregon belongs to this government, honorably, and when we have the red man's consent, let the Union spread from the east to the west sea. Joseph Smith, in his

appeal to the people as a Presidential candidate.

In the two statements above we have Joseph Smith coming into direct conflict with the greatest statesmen of his times in American life.

That is the greatest statesmen, as statesmen were then recognized.

And as we read the two declarations over, who can gain a thrill, as he senses achievement following along in the line of the prediction?

Is it the adherents of Webster, or those that have built up the cause and purposes of Joseph Smith?

There is a beautiful bit of adventure anyone can have in history by just checking back on the grounds whence these two radically conflicting statements sprang. The environment in which they were

uttered was one in which the fundamental destiny of the American nation was hanging in the balance.

Either it was going to be a Nation of Atlantic coast states, jealous of one another, or a great Nation stretching from sea to sea, with the

West, child of the North and the South, binding these two quarrelsome parents together.

It is not too much to say that the Great West held the bonds of confederation together when Jefferson Davis gathered around him the worst of the Missouri persecutors of the "Mormon"people and built out of them a machine for bringing dissolution to the Union. We

have already seen how the members of Buchanan's cabinet flocked to the South, after trying to annihilate the "Mormon"people with Johnston's army, and sent this same Johnston up to Shiloh to try to teach the North that it was useless to fight against the rebelling South. We

have seen how Johnston drove the Northern troops into confusion until he came squarely up against two new, untried generals, and there met his death and defeat. The new generals were from the West,

1138 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sherman, former commissary officer of the Mormon Battalion in California, and U. S. Grant, who shared with Lincoln a greater vision of

American destiny than ever could be obtained in New England, New

York, or Richmond, Virginia.

We have seen how Joseph Smith encountered the rising hatreds of the proslave party towards New England men, when his "Mormons"settled Missouri. There, driven and pillaged, he did not know

the masterstrategy and the strategists behind that strategy, that made the Missouri persecution* merely a local application of a Nationally administered policy.

And so he did what now appears to have been a futile gesture for redress but a gesture that turned his hopes to Oregon and the Great

West. He applied to Washington, over the head of Governor Boggs of

Missouri. Journeying to Washington without funds in 1839, he

knocked at the door of the White House. There he was received by

Martin Van Buren. Had the National president a fairer view than

Missouri's governor?

"Your cause is just, but I can do nothing for you,"Joseph Smith records as the words of Van Buren after his reception at the White

House. And then Van Buren added another sentence that Joseph

Smith could not fully appraise at the time, for the Slave Policy, as we have seen, worked under cover always a full generation before any public announcement of it.

"If I acted in your behalf,"President Van Buren explained, "I'd lose the votes of Missouri."Joseph Smith considered the President to

be merely a poor politician, putting opportunism before statesmanship or administrative equity.

He did not know that Boggs of Missouri and Van Buren of

Washington were equally the tools of a stronger man who for man—a

fifty long years had made officeholders his puppets and had broken or enhanced their public stature at will. This stronger man in the background was John C. Calhoun. Holding whatever office he had pleased,

either in Richmond or Washington, he had been the maker and unmaker of presidents from 1820 on, and the fixer of the firm, unrelenting policy that proslave territory must be found to the west and south of the MasonDixon line, in Texas, California and the Far

West in general.

Somebody suggested to Joseph Smith that he lay his case before

Calhoun. He did so. And, pitifully he records that in taking up the

task he first searched through Washington "for the cheapest boarding house in town."He had come sadly unprepared, financially, to plead

his cause.

Calhoun received him curtly. The "Mormon"leader was up to

the "big boss"at last. Calhoun told him he would take no measures

waswhatever to redress his Missouri wrongs. No wonder,—here

their creator who had lurked behind the scenes while Boggs had blustered upon the surface.

That was a remarkable journey of Joseph Smith to Washington.

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 1139

He faced the man who was shaping policies to capture the Far West for slavery. And as he turned away from him, Joseph Smith began

to look to the Far West in another way. It was to him a possible

refuge for a people driven before the coming gale over the slave issue.

He records for us that on that journey some Congressmen were his companions in a stage coach, and that the horses on this coach ran away. Their driver at the time had left them to get a drink of grog in

a grog shop. While all was confusion in the coach Joseph climbed out

and gained the driver's seat. The horses had already made a mile at a

wild gallop, but he gathered up the reins and gradually brought them down to a stop. Then the people inside wanted to praise him, highly.

One of the Southern congressmen said he'd like to have the matter of

Joseph's bravery made of record in was his name? Congress,—whatHe furnished it—"Joseph Smith, president of the 'Mormon'church!"

The effect was like lightning that had struck where electrifying—but

it was not wanted. The enthusiastic Congressman silenced down until

he was tamer than the newly tamed horses. He had sensed how politically inexpedient his gesture would have been!

Joseph went humbly from door to door in Washington—sought

out Congressmen and others, and finally returned to Nauvoo, beaten in his idea of gaining any redress for his people. That the yawning

gap of a coming Civil War stood between him and any such redress he sensed, but did not know how intimately he had appealed to the chief framers of the coming disunion.

Back to Nauvoo he came, and from that moment on Joseph Smith was a major character in American affairs. As he looked to the Great

West he saw the vision of his people saved, and also of America built up and redeemed from men like Martin Van Buren, who, he freely declared, represented a spirit that, if uncurbed, would carry our Nation to its death.

Joseph organized the Nauvoo legion. He has been pictured as a

vainglorious man who was creating a Church militant and armed!

He even remarked as he became a candidate for a presidential nomination, "Why, I would rather have my present position as head of the

Nauvoo legion than be president."

He talked Oregon, thought Oregon, organized his people for a great migration to the organized the Nauvoo Legion as a West,—and

fighting fringe for that people, in a task he well knew would call for much fighting.

And to understand these conditions we must realize that just when the Prophet organized his ablebodied young men into the Nauvoo

Legion, and applied for the task of leading them west, the commander of the British warship, Wasp, had landed, under orders, 500 British marines on the Columbia river, had bivouacked them at Fort Vancouver, and had at his command 75,000 pounds of British gold to enforce a policy of "driving every damned Yankee east of the Rocky

Mountains."

We must also understand that San Francisco was being developed 1140 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as a British, not a Mexican, city. Hndson's Bay House was its chief

building, and underneath the Mexican vaquero makeup of gallants who dashed up and down the street with spurs ajingle, were sturdy

Scotch and British leaders. They, too, were heavily financed,—and

the money was to stir up antiAmerican revolutions.

There was a strong man in the Northwest, just as in Calhoun there was a strong man in charge of proslave American politics. This

strong man of the Northwest had ruled from 1820 on, even our own

Utah as well as Oregon, Idaho, Nevada and Washington state. He was

George Simpson, Sir George Simpson, governor of Rupert's land, and head, in America, of the honorable Company of Adventurers, trading out of Hudson's Bay. He was the same George Simpson to whose fair

lady Peter Skene Ogden dedicated his own little narrative of his life and adventures through the years he maintained this company's outpost at Ogden's Hole, Utah, in the path of any possible American immigration from the East.

We must understand the whole life and drive of Sir George

Simpson to maintain our Far West as a fur hunter's paradise and to buy California from the Mexicans, before we can understand Joseph

Smith and the work his Nauvoo Legion ultimately did when it was sworn into the United States service under the name of the Mormon

Battalion.

Sir George had found a fortune for the British nobility in Utah's

Uintah streams, and in Oregon's Snake River reaches, just as Calhoun had found a fortune for slave dealers and breeders in only slaves—if

the market could be maintained by the constant expansion of American states through good slaveworking territory. Both of these, then, wanted

the Great West, when the voice of Joseph Smith was raised in American affairs, "let me organize 100,000 people and go and take Oregon."

for the American home maker, the identical group that afterit—butIt was neither for the proslaver nor the fur hunter that he wanted

wards captured it and held it for America.

Joseph Smith in his diary tells us what his first moves were when

Calhoun's curt indifference and Van Buren's pleas in avoidance led him to look to Oregon.

"I prepared a memorial to John Tyler, president of the United

States, he writes, "embodying in it the same sentiments that are in my petition to the Senate and House of representatives, dated March 26, 1844, asking the privilege of raising 100,000 men to extend protection to persons wishing to settle Oregon and other portions of the

United States."

Joseph Smith sent these petitions to Congress by the hand of

Orson Hyde, and from time to time he received from Hyde reports on the progress of affairs in Washington: "Congress will do nothing.

Congressmen are afraid of England, afraid of Mexico, afraid the presidential elections will be twisted by it."

Afraid of England? Washington knew what England was up to

in our Far West. And where was the best place to learn about that?

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 1141

Well, the American trappers who fought against Ogden in our own

Ogden hole, beat their way back to the American frontier with their bloody hands, holding them up in pleas for help. Independence, Mo.,

was their outfitting point and returning point for contact with the

States. And this was while Joseph Smith was there with his people. The

environment in which Joseph Smith lived was redolent with the stories of intrigue leaking home from harried American trappers. Joseph

Smith, far better than Daniel Webster, then, knew what was going on in the Far West. At one time, to save their plundered packs, the chief

American trappers had to sign an agreement, never again to come west of the Rockies. This was at Fort Vancouver, in 1829.

Having signed, and having had their packs restored by Sir George

Simpson's agent.at Fort Vancouver, these trappers retreated from the

Rockies. Thus disappeared from the Mountain country Jedediah M.

Smith, discoverer of the south and west borders of Great Salt Lake and of the western wall of the Great Basin.

Smith's men had carried their grievances right the home—to

"Mormon"-settled frontier of Missouri and Illinois. Joseph Smith

well knew, then, the kind of work for which an armed fringe, such as his Nauvoo Legion, would be needed. And he well knew the folly of

such statements as Webster was making in his effort to keep New England the big factor in a little nation, rather than becoming reconciled to seeing New England play a more modest part in a far larger nation.

And with this accurate vision of the situation before him, Joseph

Smith devoted the remaining days of his life, from 1839 on, to preparing his people for their great migration to the Far West. Before it was

done his work struck terror into the British parliament for Gladstone there thundered in favor of homestead laws for Britishers, to keep "Mormon"settlers out of Vancouver Island, and in favor of breaking up entirely that FurParadise theory of Sir George Simpson. We know

that these Britishers, especially a Captain Grant from the British post at Fort Hall, were among the first visitors to Brigham Young when he was just starting to establish the "Mormon"pioneers in Salt Lake valley. And from the reports of the British agents on the young and

growing Salt Lake City, we know that they saw in this desert settlement a final swan song on all their Far Western hopes.

The name of Joseph Smith must thus be linked closely with that of Sir George Simpson in Far Western matters. Before going into details of how this came about, we must go back far behind them, both

to the genesis of American affairs in the Far Northwest.

And here there comes into play a group of ten names, none of which yet stands out in anything like its destined glory as that of an

American pathfinder. These men are they who first opened that path

to Oregon, on whose eastern end Joseph Smith and the "Mormon"people settled at Independence, while Sir George Simpson struggled to open up another way of Winnipeg, the Saskatchewan river, path—by

the Portage river near the crest of the Rockies, and the Columbia. It

was g Q?np? route while the American was a CoveredWagon route.

1142 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And in the background of the Canoe route stood Sir George Simpson, stirring up Britishers at last to rush in and beat out the Americans.

While behind the American route stood Joseph Smith, stirring up by his activities proslavers and others to "beat the 'Mormons'to it,"as he organized and armed his own people to step out on the path of

American destiny. In the end the covered wagon won its race against

the British canoe, and that is the real story of how our Far West was won.

And at the genesis of this situation stands the name of an American whose descendants have just this Summer reared a moument for him at Astoria, Oregon. John Jacob Astor for whom the monument

was reared established his American trading post on the Columbia in 1811, both by an overland expedition and a sea voyage by the ship,

Tonquin. The Tonquin did not carry first settlers to Oregon, as the

"Mormon"ship, Brooklyn, afterwards carried first settlers to California, but it carried trappers and traders. They joined with the land force

in building an American fort at Astoria, and thus making the first gesture, either British or American, of Far Western possession.

The important part of the Astorian adventure, to subsequent

Utah history, is one that has been shamefully betrayed by historical writers. The ten men participating in this particular adventure not

only opened the eyes of the American frontier to the situation Joseph

Smith espoused and armed against, but one of them, Ramsay Crooks, went to Washington and stirred up Senator Benton, and Congressman John Floyd of Virginia to a championship of the Far West, the first such championship ever started. He was the father of Calhoun's idea that good slave territory lay out in that direction.

To work the story down from 1812, when ten Astorian adventurers met on the Snake river, some distance below the mouth of the

Portneuf, to the days when the "Mormon"people took up the hymn, "Upper California, O that's the land for me,"will lead us through many mazes of International intrigue and politics.

Of the ten men only one has even left his name on Far Western geography. This one is a Kentucky hunter named Hoback from whom

the Hoback river, east of Jackson's Hole, takes its name. As for the

rest, they are chiefly known in connection with narratives that poke fun at them, and revile them for one of the most heroic journeys in the annals of American exploration.

The ten men are David Stuart, Ramsay Crooks, Robert McClellan,

Benjamin Jones, Andre Valle, Francois Leclaire, Hoback, Rezner and

Robinson, a trio of Kentucky hunters who were not of Stuart's party, and Joseph Miller, a resident of St. Louis, who was seeking to find his

way back after coming as far as the Snake river with the original

Astorian party. Four of this group, Hoback, Rezner, Robinson and

Miller, were the first white men to stand on the banks of Bear river.

And they were the first white men to cross the Rockies at a point where a covered wagon could find its way across.

How they started the frontier movement on the crest of which

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 1143

the "Mormon"pioneers rode to their Lovely Deseret, after Joseph

Smith had given up his life in the midst of preparing his people to open and protect a road to Oregon, will be taken up in the next installment of this series.

Chicago, III.

Sagebrush

Winds of the western desert, Freighted with hints of Spring

Stirring blooms of the scented sage,

Sweet is the breath you bring.

Homely flower of the desert, Tell me the tale you know Of tragic battle with rainless years,

As the parched sands around you blow.

Clinging to rock and to chasm;

Deeply loving the sterile plain;

Crushed and tramped and hated,

Yet still do you bloom again!

Somber and vast, your stretches

Baffled the pioneers;

Awed by your tragic menace They moistened your wilds with tears!

Worlds of Wilderness everywhere,

Level and dune and wide Wide as the horizon's verges, Pathless on every side.

Still do I love you, Sagebrush!

You cling to the arid sod With a lover's fond embraces, As the faithful cling to God!

Far from the desert gardens Bring me your scented musk, Sweet with a million perfumes,

As a meadowpath at dusk.

Freighted with unborn harvests;

Rich with the hints of Spring;

Laden with promise of newer life

Are the messages you bring!

I am a savage, Sagebrush!

Here in your wild retreats, I love the altar you raise to God

Better than crowded streets.

Silent and vast and somber,May be your desert land.

Yet do your voices call me Voices I understand!

And I pray that the sweetest incense

That soothes me at last in death

May be but thy wildwinged perfumes

The spices of thy breath!

Provo, Utah LAWRENCE A. BROWN

CULTIVATING THE EYESIGHT We May Sec and Unheed;

The Eye May be Taught.

By Grace Wharton Montaigne What you may see at home.

"Huh, Old Chimney I saw that twenty years ago!"Rock—why,

And the person I spoke to tossed her head like a spoiled child she had seen that twenty years ago. There was nothing about it. Just

a common old rock on top of a lava flow; and for me now to try to

interest she gave notice there was nothing about that orher!—well,

dinary old thing she hadn't seen.

"Well, try to interest me if you can,"was her attitude, "but I seen it twenty years ago!"know—I've

But had she seen it? Did she use her eyes?

Or did she, like scores of others, merely stumble up the hill, panting and slipping, never once looking for interest in the old rock, and see unheeded?

What could she have seen in Old Chimney Rock?

The Great Stone Face "The Guardian of Deseret."Also a most remarkable likeness to the

Prophet Joseph Smith

She could have seen the most wonderful, clearest cut, most nearly exact face that I have ever seen pictured as having been found in Utah.

A face with large, powerful, Roman nose, the nose of the leader of men, commanding, strong in character, purposeful, dominated by a

CULTIVATING THE EYESIGHT 1145

piercing eye from under the strength of eyebrows of a man of great mind.

She could have seen two waves of hair combed so naturally as to arrest her attention at once; she could have seen (what most stone

faces fail to show) not merely a profile, but the back head, long hair cut squarely, and the coat collar beginning just below that notch; she

could have seen the spine at the back of the shoulders, just as naturally as if drawn to order.

Were her eyes trained? Did she truly observe? Are we through

yet?

No; we are not. We are going to direct her eyes to this remarkable face yet further. We are going to show her an unretouched

photograph, on which not a single line has been added to make that white of the eye; we are going to have her look once again, more

closely to see that mouth, firm lips, sharply closed in fixed determination, exactly fitting a man with that chin, having that selfsame Roman nose of leadership, and that acutely piercing eye of a man of keen vision.

Are we done looking for her?

Not yet.

We will have her look once again to the neck leading out to the chin, and she will see that this man has the enormous collar of the period worn in the decade of about 183040; and strangest of all, adding as we go to the things she should have observed herself, that on

the upper chest is the "stock"of linen which men of that fashion wore.

Most wonderful profile that it is!

This rock overlooks the little hamlet of Deseret, in Millard county, a place where altogether too many say, "Why there is nothing of interest about this old seen it all for years, and town.—We've

there's nothing new."

But it is not so. The eye trained to hunt for things to see, sees

in this face "The Guardian of Deseret."Nor are we content to rest

there. One further glance reveals a most astonishing likeness to a

(reversed) profile of the Prophet Joseph Smith!

The eye may be trained. It should be trained. Only a trained

eye should accompany a vivid imagination. A lagging eye, an unheeding eye denotes the mentally slow.

Glance back once more at this astonishing natural phenomenon, and see if you are one of the scores who clambered unseeing up that lava flow, not using your eyes. The artist cultivates the seeing eye.

He visualizes, and then he expresses that visualization by his chisel, by means of his pallette, or, in the words of cold dull no artist type—but

may successfully neglect to cultivate the "seeing eye."For without

the trained eye, what need to spend years in learning his toiling art—in

to cut stone, in study to fix colors into the beauty of form, or to engage the attention with apt hand, eye, or soul is not directed with words—if

visualization?

The hand can not express what the eye does not see.

1146 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I went down through Deseret the other day and I saw an old mud saw the loop holes; I saw the straw in the mud; I saw the fort—I

Old Fort Deseret

"Old Fort Deseret,"a refuge erected as a fortress to repel attacks by the Indians.

canal; I saw the great gap where huge sections had washed down into

heaps, crumbling, decayed.

I saw an enclosure one hundred paces by one hundred and thirtyfive.

I saw a large gate in the north wall, and a small gate in the east wall, and I visualized teams entering the one, and men the other.

And I thought I saw.

Really, I did. I truthfully thought I saw. I felt I had seen all

there was to be seen.

But dear reader, what a poor pair of eyes I had. And what

miserable, prosaic use I made of them. Let me borrow the eyes of a

poet, one who visualized, one who saw the toil, the heartsuffering, the anxiety, the apprehension, that caused that old fort to be built. Let

me apologize for my defects, and present what may be seen in "Old

Fort Deseret,"in the admirable poem of M. E. Eddy:

Old Fort Deseret The snowcapped mountains brooded o'er

The desert valley. Now no more

The haunt of passing warrior bold.

The first white settlers came to hold

And smooth the path for younger feet.

They plowed and sowed their crops of wheat

Some hope they had, that little band,

Of making this "A Promised Land,"

Of happy homes, and needful bread,

And plenty, spite of lurking dread.

CULTIVATING THE EYESIGHT 1147

Then, on a day came one who told,

With bated breath and blood run cold,

Of Indian massacres! So near!

It blanched the cheek and brought a tear.

"Haste, neighbor, haste! 'Tis come at last!

The danger we had hoped was passed;

We'll gather by the stream, and try all die."To save our dear ones—or

So gathered all the wagon train

Some dozen the plain, households—on And longed for timbers they might make.

Into a stockade of post and gate.

Said one, "The Lord hath led us here,

And for his help do not fear;

See, here is water, straw and sand,

Let's build a wall around our band

Of helpless wives and children weak.

God is our help, if him we seek."

They built the wall four square around

The little camp; and soon the sound

Of ploughs and spades the site surround;

They dug a trench wherein they threw

Brush, straw, or grass, whatever grew

Nearest to hand to make it strong;

And every man worked fast and long;

He trampled straw in mud and water,

With aid of wife, and son and daughter. >

Three days they toiled, in gangs I ween;

A sight so rare was seldom seen,

By sun, or moon, or candle sheen.

A bastion at the corner, too, Was made, to give a safer view;

The watchman here might guard the gate,

Nor tremble while he stood to wait;

Within the walls the children slept.

The red skin spied and homeward crept;

Too close a watch the paleface kept.

The fort still stands, a crumbling wall;

It marks th'treach'rous redskin's fall.

Within the walls, once trampled bare,

The soft green grass grows sweet and rare;

The iron steed goes thundering past,

The settler's dream come true at last!

The traveler sees, as west he goes,

The desert blossom as the rose.

No hand forges better than the eye sees.

There, I thought I had seen the old fort that it fully—marked

lay 100 by 135 yards, near a canal, some straw in the mud walls, and the railroad track close by!

Oh, fatal defect of vision.

Such strabismus of eyesight can not be cured by oculist.—Mr.

Eddy had taught his eye to see.

Delta, Utah.

A WORLD OF WEALTH By Wreno Bowers We are living in a world of ineffable wealth and beauty. Our

riches are beyond measure, and beauty everywhere. Yet in the midst

of this dazzling abundance and wondrous beauty, many there are who complain and lead impoverished lives. Ignorant of the laws of affluence, they drag through dreary days with never a smile of joy nor a

thought of the wonders about them. Theirs is a dull, dragging, toiling true tragedy of life. existence—the

The wealth of which I write is not measured in gold and in its equivalent, currency. For the treasures of the world come not so

much from the mines as from the homes of noble people. Theirs is

the wealth of love, friendship, service. Many people there are, indeed, who possess millions in shining, yellow metal, who are poor,

lonely souls, paupers, slaves to their gold.

And there are others who are so full of life that it just bubbles over at all times. They may possess but little of the material forms

of wealth, but theirs is the wealth of love, sympathy, altruism. They

perform faithfully their daily duties and greet the coming night with a joy that makes life at all times beautiful and delightful. Whether it

be the sunscented nights of the Summer, or the cold, chilled days of the

Winter, they appreciate life as it is actually lived.

The wealth and beauty of nature is theirs. They watch the evening star hang its greengold lamp at twilight upon the blue of heaven.

They hear the mournful hoot of the owl, and the ringing call of the whippoor-will as he proclaims his joy of the Summer moonlight.

Flowers pour forth exquisite perfume in their paths. Crystal streamlets

dance for them and mingle their sweet music with the whisper of the winds in the tree tops. Birds, bees and butterflies are their friends

and everywhere they find a world of wealth, a divine gift to everyone.

Our degree of wealth is determined largely by our degree of observation. Some of us live in a large world with varying opportunities,

while others live in a small, dreary world. The successful man differs

from the failure in his powers of perception and observation. They

both look at the same world, the same objects, the same possibilities, but one sees what the other fails to observe. Passing a hayfield where

men are making hay, one would see only the sweaty toil and the windrows of dead grass, where the other would look deeper, see truth and beauty and color because he has stored up the treasured precepts which give him his means of interpreting and appreciating life.

Therefore, if you would live to the very last degree, you must form the habit of untiring observation. Study things in detail. Be

sure that the impressions left in the storeroom of the subconscious mind are of the wealthgiving, joyproducing kind.

A WORLD OF WEALTH 1149

Cultivate your imagination. Without imagination there is no

capacity for sympathy or service. Our imaginative faculties may be

cultivated through keen observation; the reading of good books; and

the practice of forming mental pictures.

Learn to think. The world needs more logical, thinkers—clear,

accurate thinkers. Most people think only when they have to. The

supreme triumph of mind is to dispense with itself. Shake off these

shackles and dare to think. Give your thoughts a chance to grow and

develop. It is a combination of these forces that will lead us on to a

new world of wealth and beauty. world—a

Park City, Utah.

Sheds Tears Over Brigham Young's Body

By Harold L. Snow

Through the night following President Brigham Young's death, in 1877, two of the brethren were required to sit up and keep the body well packed in ice, as in those days there were no embalmers to prepare the bodies for burial. The two who sat up with the body of

the Great Pioneer Leader were Elder William C. Spence and Elder

Robert R. Anderson, who had been serving as clerks in the office of

President Young.

At about dawn two men entered the room to view the remains of Brigham Young. One of them was John W. Young, son of the

deceased, and the other was an Indian "brave."Neither of the two

said a word as they stood there by the body.

The stalwart Indian looked upon the lifeless remains of the late "bighearted White Chief."As he stood there, tall, straight, and motionless, his coppercolored skin, baked in the hot sun during many

years of outdoor life, made him look like a living bronze statue. An

expression of the deepest sorrow crept over the face of that son of the great outdoors. Soon the tears began rolling down his cheeks. The

life of this "brave"had been such a contrast to that of the "great White

Chief,"and yet both of them had enjoyed something in common—

genuine friendship which was pure and sincere.

This great expression of emotion on the part of that tenderhearted "brave,"who had requested a last look at his muchadmired white friend, was too much for the President's son. John W. Young

left the scene and burst into tears.

Elder Spence says this was one of the greatest and most sincere expressions of true love and reverence for one's fellowman that he has ever witnessed.

BEYOND HAPPINESS By Ainza Woolman

The Saxophone blared. To Thelma Talbot sitting there against

the wall, it was like the cry of a soul in pain. She closed her clear,

grey eyes momentarily, then opened them again to watch the jazzmad crowd swirling past. She wished that Ollie and Bert had stayed to

see their own wedding dance to a close, instead of exacting the promise of her, while they slipped away to catch the tenthirty train.

Not that she was anxious about going home to those empty rooms. How would she ever be able to stand it, now that Ollie and

the boys were gone? She glanced about the long, well filled hall.

Copperville matrons in best black silk with spangle6 of jet watched their daughters in filmy gowns of flame and turquoise and coral, giving themselves up unresistingly to the music. To them that inhuman cry

of the saxophone meant slide, glide, hesitate, then merge in a smooth succession of steps. To Thelma it meant confusedly a number of

things. Most of them having to deal with her present misery. Somehow all the people here tonight were mixed up in it: Copperville

burying her father's broken and blackened body. Copperville laying

her mother by his side one year later. Copperville looking on with

many an injunction, while she struggled with her teaching, and gave every spare moment to her church and welfare work, not counting the time it took for the education of her two younger brothers and baby sister. And now Copperville watching her from the sidelines and

saying, "Old Maid!"

If she could only forget it all, slip away where nobody knew her, and begin all over again to enjoy her youth. The youth that had been

denied her and that Copperville would not let her have now.

She had not known that her eyes were fastened so intensely on

Arthur Judd until he turned from Mr. Dunyan, president of the school

board and looked at her across the hall. It was not the firm chin, the

fine contour of the head, the square shoulders that had drawn her eyes to him. It was the recognition of the fact that, somehow, he too had become an indefinite part of her misery. As soon as her eyes met his,

however, she turned hurriedly, with a flutter at her heart and began talking with Mrs. Muskovitz, the little blackhaired, blackeyed woman

who sat beside her. All the while she was aware that he had risen and

was threading his way slowly in and out among the dancers.

"Mrs. Muskovitz, is Angelo quite well?"she began.

The foreignlooking woman turned quickly: "Oh, yes, Mees

Talbot, he iss well alright, but he iss dumb. You must not worrit

about heem. He will not get promote at all, eef his mama do not get

hees lesson for heem at night when I been so tired on that washa tub.

Always peering so weeth his eyes. Ah eef he was only like my Nita

BEYOND HAPPINESS 1151

now, dancing there so pretty and graceful. But no, Angelo must go

and be like hees poor dead papa.""But his eyes, Mrs. Muskovitz, don't you think he ought—

She got no further, for Arthur Judd stood before her waiting to speak.

Thelma turned toward him. She could not see that he looked at the

gold streaks in her fawncolored hair while his lips said: "I've just

been talking to Mr. Dunyan about the health crusade."A shade of

disappointment crossed her eyes.

Instantly Copperville matrons began to nod their heads: "A fine

girl! Too bad he can't forget she's an oldmaid school teacher and

marry her."And more than one matron smoothed down the folds

of her black silk and pictured her own daughter as the wife of Arthur

Judd, of a position of no slight import in the widower,—occupant

small mining town.

Arthur Judd leaning confidentially toward Miss Talbot to preclude listeners on either side, continued: "Mr. Dunyan says it will

cost too much, having a doctor here to make a physical examination of the children. Says positively that the parents will not follow up the

diagnosis. Defective eyesight, adenoids and diseased tonsils are all in

the day's program."

"He thinks of me only in terms of shop, and I'd so love to dance!"

thought Thelma, but aloud she said: "If there is a place on earth where

the school children need medical attention it's in a mining town, but as you say, the parents need converting."Arthur Judd's kindly brown

eyes looked their relief. "That's what I wanted you to say, Miss

Talbot. But after your extra hours spent on the Americanization

campaign, I hated to suggest it. Do you realize that it will mean another house to house canvass as well as public meetings?"Thelma's

eyes looked straight ahead as she attempted a smile and nodded her head. "That's a load off my mind, Miss Talbot."He looked as if he

would have said more, but Thelma's eyes were on the dancers and the crimson crept up into her cheeks, lest he might have read her thoughts which thoughts she inwardly chided herself.—for

The orchestra was playing the Home Sweet Home waltz. People were scurrying to and from the tiny dressing room, while a few

still lingered on the floor. Men and women nodded goodnight to

as they passed. Arthur Judd lookedThelma, you?—downMiss Talbot—well—if—would you—are at her. "Well,

But just then Mr. and Mrs. Cordy, Thelma's next door neighbors stopped in front of them. "Going home now, Thelma? Want

to walk along with us? Ah, I see you've been trying to vamp Mr.

Judd."Laughingly Mrs. Cordy shook a finger at her. Thelma held

out her hand to Mr. Judd and bade him a hasty "good night,"as she

darted a silencing glance at Mrs. Cordy. With a baffled look in his

eyes he took her hand. "We'll discuss the health crusade in teacher's

meeting tomorrow, Miss Talbot,"he said with a businesslike voice, 1152 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thclma walked silently by Mrs. Cordy's side along the single,

torturous street to her own door. And with a "Good night, Thelma.

Hope you don't get the 'willies'now you're left alone. They say hard

work is a cure for the blues,"the Cordys walked on.

Thelma turned the key in the lock and went in. She switched

on the light and took a look around. The little chintzy living room

was in a state of disorder from Ollie's last change to goingaway things.

She perfunctorily removed a pair of whitesilk hose from the phonograph and Ollie's whitekid shoes from the floor. Then she placed

the disarranged furniture in order and sank into the one leather chair.

The corners of her mouth drooped slightly. She was so weary. He

never even thought of asking me to dance, she ruminated. He and all

Copperville have me settled down for the rest of my days. They think

my only interest lies in teaching children the three R's, and how to keep their teeth clean. Well, for eleven years now I've toiled and slaved for

the happiness of someone else. From now on I shall look to my own.

I'm not begrudging Frank or Jim or Ollie what I did for them. They'd

likely have done the same for me, if I'd been left the younger.

Wearily she arose to go into the little, creamcolored bed room.

She hung Ollie's wedding dress away and started to remove her own clothes. As she stood before the mirror the corners of her mouth

lifted. She stooped forward to the glass, and her fingers smoothed the

tiny wrinkles at the corners of her eyes. "I am not old,"she said.

"I'll go to the city this Summer. I'll wear flame and turquoise and coral.

I'll have the youth and happiness that I've missed. And Copperville

shall never know, to laugh at me behind my back."

But she thought Mrs. Cordy would surely suspect, for her neighbor had dropped in one evening when Thelma was sewing. There

were little piles of soft, pink lingerie strewn over the couch. "Good

land, Thelma,"she exclaimed. "Anyone would think you was makin'

your trousseau. I should think you'd got enough to do visitin'them

miners'homes every night after school without makin'high fallutin'underwear. Best let me take that home and make it for you."Thelma

was grateful. After all, Mrs. Cordy meant well.

As the Spring wore on she became more and more obsessed with her plans. It was always as if she said: "My happiness is just around

the corner."In point of fact, it was with her daily in the school room.

And the faces of her pupils she translated into the faces of new people whom she would meet. Their gaucheries she changed with a magic

wand into the culture and knowledge of her new friends to whom she responded as one long accustomed. Mr. Judd, explaining to her the

rules of the health contest, became her companion at a fashionable resort obsequiously handing her the menu he wasn't asking card—but

her what she would take for refreshments, he was saying: "Ask them

what they eat for breakfast, Miss Talbot. Many of our health problems will be solved when we get our pupils to eat the right kind of

food in proper combinations."And the card he had given her was

BEYOND HAPPINESS 1153

merely an announcement of the day and hours during which Dr. Sanford would examine the pupils of Miss Talbot's room, fourth grade A.

II

Thelma sat at her desk making a card record of each child as the doctor gagged them with the tongue depressors, placed the steel speculum in their nostrils, peered into their ears. She hoped that their ears

were clean.

"Tony Gorlinsky, enlarged tonsils and adenoids,"boomed the doctor's voice.

"EmmaJean Rosetti defective hearing."Miss Talbot's pencil

moved swiftly. It moved swiftly during the entire morning. There

was but one child left in the room. Each had been excused as his examination was finished.

was a pause. "Angelo Muskovitz"—there

Thelma took advantage of the pause to look out of the window.

Little patches of green were bravely struggling here and there to surapplevive in that smokeblackened atmosphere. A droughtcrippled

tree in an adjoining lot boasted a few blossoms on its discolored twigs.

Sparrows, duncolored, like their surroundings, twittered, eternally twittered, in lieu of more varied repertoire. All her life she had been

ita sparrow. She had never realized until now how sick she was of

all. Soon she would be trying her wings as a bluebird.

She came out of her day dream with a start. The doctor stood

before her holding Angelo Muskovitz by the shoulders. He was looking at her strangely. Little Angelo, whitefaced, eyes dully dark, was

peering at her. What did it mean? Then the doctor began to speak.

"Look into this boy's eyes, Miss Talbot,"Thelma looked.

"Have you ever noticed anything about him different from the other boys?"She nodded. She would not hurt Angelo's feelings by

telling the doctor how stupid he really was. "Do you see the reason

for it?"he queried.

She looked at him,, then back at the boy and her eyes dilated.

blind?""Not,—not still distinguish obThe doctor nodded an affirmative. "He can

jects, but he cannot read a single word of print. The condition has

developed very rapidly during the past few weeks."

Blind! Blind! And her own vision so blurred that she had beallowed plans for her own happiness to lieved him only stupid—had

completely obsess her. And poor little Angelo timidly shrinking into

himself to keep the outside world from knowing! In a whirlwind of

selfaccusation she turned again to the doctor.

"Is there any hope?"

"Oh, yes, provided he is operated on at the right time. I should

think that by the time school is out the development in both eyes will be sufficient to warrant a successful operation."

1154 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thclma clasped her fingers till the knuckles parted in white grooves. "What about his folks? Will they be able to take him to the city?

Have to have him in the hospital. Cost in the neighborhood of three

hundred dollars!"

Slowly she shook her head. "The mother is a widow with five

other children, dependent on a small compensation, and what she earns at the wash tub."

"Too bad, too bad,"ejaculated the doctor as he hurriedly looked at his watch. "Well, must have some lunch, if I am to get through

with Miss Alder's room this afternoon."And he hastened away.

Silently, stonily Thelma took Angelo by the hand and walked with him to his home. The mother wrung her hands. "He tella me alia

time he was so dumb an'could not read,"she wailed. "And all the

time it was hees poor, poor eyes."Mrs. Muskovitz held his head

against her bosom and sobbed. "Wat you tink, Mees Talbot, that I

can have money for operate? Company only pay me fourteen dollar

a week for have my man keeled. Not moche mon keepa six kid, an'

me on tha wash tub efery day."

Slowly, sadly Thelma shook her head and departed. Once within the safety of her own house she threw herself down on the couch and

covered her face with her hands. "Always something to stand between

me and happiness,"she moaned. Then suddenly clenching her hands

"But I won't let it. I won't!"

It was the last day of school. The closing exercises were over.

Fourth Grade A had won the prize in the health contest and had been duly commended by the President of the school board in his pompous speech. "Every case in Miss Talbot's room, with one exception,"he

concluded, "has received treatment."He mentioned no names, but

many eyes turned accusingly or pityingly toward Mrs. Muskovitz who

sat with pale little Angelo by her side.

Thelma was glad when it was all over. She had sat in white and

stony silence during the speech and with the same stony silence had received the prize awarded her. There was nothing but dumb agony

tugging at her heart. She hurried from the auditorium to her own

room, locked her desk, and was putting on her hat when the principalentered. "Miss Talbot, I want to thank you personally for your—

He got no further. Swiftly with tearfilled eyes Thelma turned from

him. "Please don't,"she said in a quavering voice and fled from the

room.

At four o'clock the next afternoon Thelma bought her ticket to the city. She raked off her change from the little rubber mat and inquired if the train was on time. "On time, madam,"snapped the

ticket agent. She compared her wrist watch with the station clock.

Twenty minutes to train time. Then suddenly the fog that had blurred

her consciousness cleared away. "Of course, it was Mrs. Muskovitz

BEYOND HAPPINESS 1155

and Angclo who were going to the city, not she."Her feet moved

swiftly off the station platform. Breaking into a run she traversed the

short distance between the depot and the Muskovitz shack. Darting in at

the door she began quickly, though quietly, giving orders about catching this train for the Mrs. Muskovitz stood city—hospital—operation.

bewildered. The tousleheaded children stared in wonderment. Thelma

snatched a hat that looked like a last year's bird nest from a peg, and thrust it on Mrs. Muskovitz'off her own new coat, and head—slipped

thrust the astonished woman's arms into it. She grasped little Angelo

firmly by the hand and began to run with him to the depot. To Mrs.

Muskovitz, who followed panting, she tried to explain about money in the bag, which she held out to her, about sending more for doctor and hospital expenses.

A cloud of belching smoke, a whistle, the train had come to a stand still. Thelma helped Angelo and his mother up the steps. "Goodbye, goodbye,"she called. "Don't worry about the other children.

I'll take care of them until you come back with Angelo's eyes all well again."Not until she had returned to the shack did she fully realize what she had done. She looked at Nita standing sullen in the doorway—at

the uncombed heads and grimy faces of the four smaller children, who were whimpering for their mother. Then she sank in a chair by the

table and buried her face in her arms. Presently she was aware of an

imminent silence. She lifted her head. They were all about her staring in wonderment. Hastily she dried her eyes and laughed at them, till

they laughed back again. With Nita's help she washed their faces,

combed their tangled hair, and found a few clean odds and ends with which to clothe them, and marched them all off to her own home.

Mrs. Cordy's voice vibrated with excitement and her lightblue

eyes bulged from their thin and carroty lashes as she sat on Mrs. Sampson's red plush sofa and told her the news. "I was looking through my

pantry window when I saw Thelma come out of her front door and lock it. She's goin'somewheres, says I. I'll just watch and see where.

She went first to the depot. Then she went tearin'along over to that

Muskovitz woman's place and first thing I knew she was rushin'with

Angelo and his mother to the train. And that Eyetalian woman was

wearin'Thelma's coat an'carryin'her suit case. Later with the five

Muskovites that's left I saw her come back to her own house and they're all in "T-T-T—"there now."clucked Mrs. Sampson's tongue.

"She's gone an'give up some kind of trip she's been plannin'fur herself, so that poor foreign kid could have his eyes operated on. I been

suspectm'something all the time, the queer way she's been actin'. And

now all the featherstitching I done on the nice, pink underwear will go to waste on that Muskovitz woman's back,"wailed Mrs. Cordy.

Thelma had washed the four little Muskovitzes for the third time, 1156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fed their empty maws and tucked them into bed. She glanced at Nita,

curled up on the couch absorbed in a book. Then she stood before her

window looking at the smokelined mountains against the background of which the ore cars scuttled over the aerial tramway, and decided to steal down into her own back garden for a few minutes alone.

The little bench on which she and Ollie had so often sat reading and sewing gleamed dully green in the struggling moonlight. She sat

down and drew her scarf closer about her shoulders. The Summer

nights in the mountains were never too warm. There was such a sheen

among the twinkling leaves of her one little cherry tree that almost it seemed like starlight shimmering through.

It was the first minute she had had to herself since she returned with the children and she began wondering about the wonderful sense of calm and peace that had possessed her during the entire afternoon.

after? And instantly there flashedHappiness—peace—and that—

into her mind the words of Walt Whitman:

"In this broad earth of ours.

Amid the measureless grossness and the slag,

Enclosed and safe within its central heart.

Nestles the seed Perfection.

By every life a share, or more or less,

None born but it is born, concealed or unconcealed

The seed is waiting."

There was something beyond happiness for which she must strive.

Perhaps it was the uncovering of that little seed of perfection, not only in herself but here among these the measureless grosspeople—amid

ness and the slag. Her heart welled up within her but a click of the

garden gate brought her back to reality. Copperville matrons coming

to investigate. Well, let them come. She was ready to meet them all

with a new courage.

The steps hesitated and started forward again. stopped—then

They were not the steps of women. Thelma turned swiftly to face

Arthur Judd.

"I didn't startle you. Nita said I would find you here."hope—I

"No,"she said, with forced calmness. "Won't you sit down."

He sat beside her and looked at the dancing leaves. She ought

to apologize for running away from him that afternoon. Probably he

had forgotten it. She had thought he would be gone for his vacation.

He probably wanted her to do Summer welfare work. Well she was

willing.

Abruptly he turned upon her, "Why,"he said, "why do you always run from me?"There was a note of sadness in his voice.

"Why, Mr. Judd, was just thinking that I ought I—I thought—Ito apologize for the way—

Instantly he reached for her hands and held them tightly clasped.

"Don't,"he said, "if it's a matter for had apology—I hoped—Thelma,

can't you see, haven't you known all along that I've loved you? I

BEYOND HAPPINESS 1157

couldn't go away without telling you. I've just learned from Mrs.

Sampson, my landlady, what you did for little Angelo. It isn't that

you've always been just like that with your own folks and everybody, couldn'tgiving all and taking tell me that you—Oh nothing—Thelma

you do care. need you more than any of the others ever have."I—I

Her head dropped forward. She rose slowly and walked toward

the cherry tree with its shimmering moonbeams. After all, she was

better prepared for disappointments than for happiness. This twisted

her heart until she could not speak.

The silence between them throbbed. Presently she lifted her head.

A faint smile flickered through her tears. This, she thought, was one

kind of perfection.

She stood trembling, expectant. Arthur Judd was at her side.

He clasped her hand eagerly r"Thelma, can you? Do you mean that

?"you really—

There was no further need for speech, for a something that is beyond happiness caught them and wrapped them together in its folds.

Salt Lake City.

Victory

Some men's lives are loads of care;

Worry and toil are planted there.

Others seem to be free from this,

With nothing marring peaceful bliss.

I'll choose my lot among the first;

Maybe go hungry, maybe thirst,

Fighting, struggling on to the end,

Trying hard my cause to defend.

And should I finish, colors high,

Or under the load nobly die, May it be said in truthful light, "He tried his best to win the fight."

When things are given free of cost,

There's nothing won and nothing lost.

Success is told in this one sum:

"No gain, if we don't overcome."

So give me all that I can bear

Of toil and strife; I'll take my share;

And from the load my head will rise,

When I have won the victor's prize.

Pcouo, Utah C. H. DURRANT

A C. C PATIENT

By Irene McCullough

It had been a trying day for Richard, and at times the pains were almost more than he could bear. He must not give up. What would

his dear Mother do without him? Since Father died, he had tried to

help lighten the burden she had to carry by making the fires, cleaning up the yard, and after school doing odd jobs for the neighbors for which they paid him well as the work was always done satisfactorily.

The room was beginning to fill with shadows as the last rays of the setting sun flitted across his bed. Miss Wing, the little night nurse,

would soon be on duty. Her bright, happy smile always cheered him

up. She knew just how to arrange his pillows, which, just at present,

felt like bags of cement under his aching head, and do ever so many other little things which would make him more comfortable. He was

just dozing off into a restless sleep when he was awakened by voices in the hall.

"And who is the little fellow in there?"sounded a kind voice.

"Oh, that is just a C. C. patient,"answered Miss Reid, the day

nurse.

Richard's heart almost stopped beating; tears welled up into his

large blue eyes, but he angrily brushed them aside. "Just a C. C.

patient."The words burned into his little soul. "A Church Charity

patient."In all his life Richard had never been hurt so. "I suppose

I don't amount to much after all, and it would not make much difference if I did die."For a few minutes Richard did not care, but then

when he thought of his Mother and the dear Bishop who had brought him into the hospital, he knew they wanted him to live. Had they

not sat up night after night with him, praying and doing all they could to make him well? They loved him, and wanted him to get better.

He wiped the tears from his eyes with a new determination, and said half aloud, "I won't always be poor. Would not now if Father had

lived. I will get well and be someone in the world yet."

"Well, how's my boy tonight?"asked Miss Wing as she quietly

came into the room and began to make him comfortable for the night, doing what might seem trivial things to a well person, but to a sick person they were indispensable. "You look so much better."

"I am, too,"replied Richard. "I am going to get well."

"Sure you are. I always knew that a boy like you could not

be kept down."

Richard's eyes beamed. She did not think of him as just a C. C.

patient. She thought he was a boy worth while, so he would not get

discouraged just because Miss Reid had spoken so slightingly of him.

"Miss Reid will never make a good nurse,"thought Richard, "as she does not know how to make people happy."And he closed his tired

A C. C. PATIENT 1159

eyes and fell into a happy sleep, determining in his little mind to be a success.

Richard got well and strong again. His prospects in life looked

none too bright at first, but he was not easily discouraged. He had

an ambition. Miss Reid, the day nurse, had given it to him at the

time her words hurt, but now they were his inspiration. Mrs. Fletcher,

his mother, had to get out and work as the little insurance her husband had left was not enough to keep her and thefour children. She was

proud of Richard, and, seeing how determined he was to finish his schooling, did all she could to help him. When he told her his ambition was to be a doctor, she could not see how that could possibly

be accomplished, it took so much money now days, but then there was no use discouraging the boy. Something might turn up to help them.

With hard work, Richard finished high school. It had been a

struggle, but he came through with flying colors. Now the big climb

ahead. College! Could he make it? Well, he was going to try. He

worked all Summer at a gas station, getting twentyfive dollars a week.

He saved as much as possible, and by the time school started he had put enough money away to pay for his tuition and books for the year. It

was taking a long chance in trying to earn enough money to clothe himself, with the little work he could get after his long school hours.

The unexpected happened. Mrs. Fletcher decided to get married. She did not marry a rich man, but he was very industrious and

always had good work. Having no children of his own, he took an

added interest in Richard, so with his help Richard succeeded in getting through college, and we find him as an interne in one of the large hospitals in Boston.

"Gee, it's been a struggle,"thought Richard as he sat down to make out his report for the day, "but well worth while, and to think

I can spend part of my time in the Children's Charity hospital, the dream of my life coming true."

Dr. Sprague, head surgeon of the hospital, came in just then.

"I have a delicate operation to perform tonight on the little boy in Ward Four. Will you have him ready?"

"Certainly,"responded Richard.

Richard beamed. To work with Dr. Sprague was an honor, ard

all the internes jumped at the chance. He looked up the child's case,

getting all the information possible on it. Things were prepared right

and all in order when Dr. Sprague arrived. The child was a charity

patient, but to Richard it was a more important case on that account.

The operation was a serious one, and Dr. Sprague kept Richard busy

helping, but the boy did not fail him. He worked quickly and intelligently, obeying every order the doctor gave as if his life depended on it.

When they had finished, Dr. Sprague said:

"I am leaving for New York in the morning, and I want you to take care of the child. Can I trust you not to neglect him?"

"Here's my hand on it, Doctor,"replied Richard.

1160 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The boy pulled through, but Richard had to work day and night.

He never neglected him for a moment; every detail was given the greatest attention. In taking care of little Jerry, he became better acquainted with the other children. They learned to love him, and

watch for his visits. Before his interne work was completed, he had

charge of the children's division. Dr. Sprague always had him now to

help him with his operations. He depended on Richard. If he left

town, Richard was put in charge of his patients.

One morning, a week before Richard was to leave the hospital for good, Dr. Sprague sent for him.

"Well, my boy, what are your plans for the future?"

"As yet, Doctor, I have none, except to get out and work up a practice as all young physicians have to do."

Dr. Sprague thought a moment, then said:

"I am very much in need of an assistant here. I am not as young

as I used to be, and I can't keep up the pace. How would you like to

stay here and work with me?"

Richard had dreamed dreams, but never dared dream of being in with the great Dr. Sprague. Tears sprang into his eyes. Dr. Sprague

needed no answer, so he went on: "You see, my boy, it's like this.

I have always made a specialty of children's ailments, because I love the children. There is such satisfaction in seeing a child get well so it

can go on and enjoy life again. I have made money on account of my

success with them, but I have enjoyed my work and intend to give the rest of my life to it. I am more than pleased to know you will be with

me, for I have watched your work and I think I have chosen the right assistant. Well, we must get busy. Miss Smith, supervisor of the

children's hospital, is leaving, and I am expecting a number of applicants for the position. I will get you to interview them, and select the

nurse you think will be able to fill the position most satisfactorily."

You can imagine Richard's joy to be able to start out with a salary and time to work up his own practice. Now he could help the

folks at home and repay a few of their kindnesses. Was ever a young

man so blessed?

His dreaming came to an abrupt ending as an orderly announced the arrival of two nurses who had come to apply for the position of supervisor. Richard interviewed them and several others that day,

but he had not been able to select one as yet. They all lacked that

something he was looking for.

"A Miss Reid to see you,"announced the orderly.

"Show her in,"answered Richard.

Without paying particular attention to the newcomer, Richard began going over her record. No nurse he had talked to that day had

been so highly recommended. "I might as well hire her,"he thought.

"I must have someone right away."He glanced up. Where had he

seen that face before? In another second he remembered, and again

those words ran through his brain: "Just a C. C. patient."They

A C. C. PATIENT 1161

did not bring tears to'his eyes this time. Miss Reid, with all her diplomas and recommendations, could not look after his children. To him

the words had been a help, but they might have been the ruin of some other child. "Miss Reid, you will not do,"he said.

Next morning Richard was down at the office early, but already he had a visitor. He looked in and made a survey of the young woman.

Just a mere girl, twentyone or two, bobbed hair, rosy cheeks, not the painted kind, neat, blue suit and tan shoes. She seemed to be happy

though a little impatient as she walked around the room, looking first at one picture and then another.

"Good morning,"said Richard as he swung open the door.

"Good morning. I do hope I am not too late. You see, I took

the first train here when I learned of the vacancy. All my life I have

wanted to be where I could just look after the children, and help to make them well. Please don't say I am too late and that you have

already engaged someone else."

At last she stopped long enough to take a breath, then went on:

"I have very few references as I have not been out of training long, but I know I can please you, if you will let me try."

Richard's smile had spread all over his face and his eyes were fairly dancing. At last he had found the nurse he was looking for.

"You're hired,"he cried. "You can start at once."

Mary Ann was her name, and she more than lived up to Richard's expectation. The children soon learned to love her and their little faces

would light up with joy when they heard her voice.

Richard, too, fell in love with Mary Ann; and it wasn't long

before the children's hospital needed a new supervisor.

Salt Lake City.

Discontent Divine

Oh, what is this that steals our sweet content;

That bids us not to rest on laurels won,

But with an urge, persistent and austere,

Persuades us to press onward, ever on?

It is God's way, eternal as the stars,

To fill us with a discontent divine,

A wish to gain that something just ahead

Which will the dross within our souls refine.

A reaching for the fruits of tasks well done,

A grasping for the best there is in sight,

A firm desire to tread the thorny path

Which leadeth on to wisdom, pow'r and light.

'Tis well, for through these means, by slow degrees,

Each step in time will make a mighty sum,

Until at length we scale the glorious height,

And as our God now is we may become.

Raymond, Canada. HELEN KIMBALL ORGILL.

A WORD ABOUT IMMIGRATION By J. M. Sjodahl

According to the present law, 2% of the total number of foreignborn inhabitants of the United States, as shown by the census of 1890.

are admitted as "quota"immigrants, and this seems to be satisfactory.

But the law also provides that from July 1, 1927, the quota is to be fixed on the basis of "national origin"instead of "foreign birth."

This change, if permitted to stand, will, it is thought, cause quite a difference in the complexion of our immigration, a difference which is not likely to be noted, except by expert analysis of the statistics.

I have received from one of the steamship lines a nonofficial comparison of figures which may be of general interest.

According to these figures, the total number of immigrants will be reduced from 164,667 annually, to 150,000 at most. But, while

the total is reduced, the reduction happens to strike only outside of

Great Britain, while the quota from that country is greatly increased.

The figures are:

Nationality Present Estimated Quota Quota Increase Decrease Great Britain and Ulster 34,007 85,135 51,128

German 51,227 20,028 31,119 Irish Free State 28,567 8,330 20,237

Sweden 9,561 3,072 6.489

Norway 6,453 2,053 4.400

Denmark 2,789 945 1,844 From this it appears that the quota for Great Britain and the northern part of Ireland will be increased about 150%, while for the other countries it will be decreased about 65%. That seems hardly

fair. The Commissioner General of Immigration, in his annual report for the year ending June 30, 1925, recommends that the clause in

the law that refers to the change in question be stricken out, and that the quota be retained as it is now.

It is certainly necessary to have some restriction in our immigration, inasmuch as, otherwise, people with imperialistic, autocratic, militaristic and bolshevistic ideas might rush in, in such numbers as to become a menace to our institutions and our traditional policy of good will towards all. But, while we realize the necessity of selfpro-

tection against revolutionary elements, we also realize the undesirability of experimenting, figuratively speaking, with a Chinese wall around a nation with a Lordgiven worldmission in the interest of human liberty under righteous laws. We cannot get too many good people from

Great Britain; nor, from the other countries, from whose ranks builders and defenders of our Republic have come in great numbers. We

need them, too. And the least we can do is to place all desirable people on a level of equality before our laws.

REGARDING JOSEPH SMITH'S MISSION

By L. Valess Dewey, M. A.

It is quite natural, and at the same time highly commendable, that the M. I. A. should adopt as its slogan for 1926 a thesis standing

for an individual testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith.

It is equally logical, and to the credit of the M. I. A., that this

thesis, or slogan, should follow that of the year 1925, in which the divinity of Jesus Christ was emphasized. For, to the mind of a

Latterday Saint, the divinity of the mission of Joseph Smith comes second only in importance to, and follows naturally, the divinity of

Jesus Christ. It is the purpose of this article, then, to examine, somewhat, this latter thesis, or M. I. A. slogan for the year 1926.

The writer proposes to suggest six studies, or lines of thought, tending to show that the mission of Joseph Smith was divine and has been vindicated as such. Necessarily, these thoughts, or divisions,

will have to be brief, for lack of space. As a matter of fact, many

volumes could be written, and will be written, without exhausting the subject. For what subject can be exhausted when divinity is connected with it?

Reasonable Claims Presented in the First Vision

These claims were in substance: (1) That God had spoken again

from the heavens; and (2) that Jesus Christ promised, or at least

suggested, a near future restoration of the fulness of the gospel.

Preposterous claims! Not at all. Who shall dare say, as he looks

back through the history of the nineteenth century that God did not need to speak from the heavens? Surely there was never a time when

religious leaders and followers alike were so hopelessly confused regarding Biblical teaching and Christian doctrine as in the year 1820.

To the justification of, "Lo, here is Christ! and lo there!"none could

give a satisfactory answer. God did need to speak. And, since the

religious world was in confusion, how could the truth be established without a restoration from heaven? Granting that the New Testament

contains the "word of the is not wholly true gospel"—which

what about the power back of the written word; namely, the Priesthood, or the right to officiate in God's stead? Protestants candidly

admitted that it had been lost. Roman Catholics confessed that many

of their popes had been wicked men. How could the Priesthood thus

have continued through the ages? The true church did need to be

restored from heaven.

Challenges From the Life of Joseph Smith

To use this latterday prophet's own langauge, he was only a "rough stone"when the Lord's "chisel and hammer"began to be 1164 IMPROVEMENT ERA

used upon him. He had little or no worldly education. Yet, the Book

of Mormon came forth while he was still a very young man; and

though the world has tried to prove that a Reverend Spaulding really wrote it, their attempts have come to naught. If the Lord was not

his teacher, then who accomplished this thing? Did Joseph turn to

the wily and cunning arts of the world that he might accomplish his remarkable and wonderful work? Verily, no; for was he not arrested

in New York state, mobbed in Ohio, imprisoned in Missouri, and murdered in nowhere and at no time was he found Illinois?—yet

guilty of a crime or misdemeanor which would justify a legal sentence.

Some Outstanding Statements of Belief

When a newspaper man asked Joseph Smith for a statement of the belief of his people, the Prophet offered a very comprehensive summing up of "Mormonism,"socalled, in thirteen short articles.

Let us consider just a few of them. Article 1 (plus additional comments and teachings of Joseph Smith) clears up one of the most

baffling creedproblems of the socalled Christian world. Herein is

set forth God, the Father; Jesus Christ, the Son, and God, the Holy

Ghost, as separate and distinct personalities working together as one.

Article 3 insists that "obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel"are entirely necessary to salvation. This insistence on "good

work"has since been copied, or made use of, by most of the Christian denominations. Article 6 suggests an elaborate church organization like

unto that of the "primitive church,"all of which stands as a monument in the Restored Church today, declared by world critics to be a very remarkable system. And this, too, came through the mind of Joseph

Smith, revealed by God from heaven. Article 10 gives to the world

the most inclusive religious platform that has been heard of since the days of Christ's ministry in the flesh. What a stupendous outline of

activity for the true followers of Christ! A "literal gathering of

Israel!"A "restoration of the Ten Tribes!"(The lost tribes of

Israel.) The building of a Zion, or New Jerusalem, on the American

continent. (Along with a similar building of Jerusalem on the eastern

continent.) The personal reign of Christ upon the earth! And the

renewal or celestializing of the earth! Be it remembered that such conceptions came from the mind of Joseph Smith in response to the query

of a newspaper man. How, then, can we say that the mission of the

"Mormon"Prophet was but that of an uninspired man?

Teachings From Books Through the Mind of Joseph Smith

The Book of Mormon has been called a new witness for God.

Joseph Smith also gave to the world two other witnesses in The Doctrine and Covenants and The Pearl of Great Price. We shall consider

a few teachings from these volumes; and let the reader bear in mind

as we proceed that Joseph Smith insisted that God gave the contents of these volumes to him; i. e., made it possible for his mind to give

them to the world. Lest there should be any doubt concerning the

REGARDING JOSEPH SMITH'S MISSION 1165

above statement, let the reader be referred to Section 67 of The Doctrine and Covenants. In this section we read the following challenge

issued by Joseph by the Lord through Joseph Smith, as you Smith—or

will unmistakable terms: "Now", seek ye out of the Book see—in

of Commandments even the least that is among them, and appoint him that is the most wise among you; or, if there be any among you

that shall make one like unto it, then ye are justified in saying that ye do not know that they are true; but if ye cannot make one like

unto it, ye are under condemnation if ye do not bear record that they are true."It is needless to say that a similar statement would hold

for The Book of Mormon and The Pearl of Great Price as is given above for the book of commandments or The Doctrine and Covenants.

Now as to a few of the teachings of these volumes. In The Peart

of Great Price we have suggestions of a philosophy of life, the like of which the world had never heard; namely, that spirits (the spirits

of men) "notwithstanding one is more intelligent than the other, have no beginning; they existed before, they shall have no end, they shall

exist after, for they are gnolaum, or eternal."("Book of Abraham,"

Ch. 3:18.) Likewise, we read in the Doctrine and Covenants: "Man

was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or the light of

truth, was not created or made, neither indeed can be."(Sec. 93:29.)

More than this, we have the purpose of man's existence defined; for

in The Book of Mormon we read: "And men are, that they might

have joy."(II Nephi 2:25.) What philosopher or theologian, I

ask, has ever advanced a philosophy of life so definite and beautiful?

Now, let us add to the above another system of thought from the same volumes: "The glory of God is intelligence,"says Joseph

Smith. (Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 93:36.) And again, "It is

impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."(Sec. 131:6.) In

other words, man is saved as he gains knowledge. But, according to

translation by Joseph Smith, this gaining of knowledge continues throughout eternity. "And they who keep their first estate (preexistent life) shall be added upon; * * * and they who keep

their second estate (earth life) shall have glory added upon their heads forever and ever."(Pearl of Great Price, "Book of Abraham,"Ch.

3:26.) Truly, then, there is no end to advancement and glory in

the eternal worlds! What think you of Joseph Smith? May we not

say with the critics of old What manner of man is this?

But the foregoing are only a few hints of philosophy. Now a

few words regarding Joseph Smith as scientist. In 1833, this remarkable teacher announced from the Lord that "the elements are eternal."

(Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 93:33.) This has been, in recent years,

recognized as a scientific truth. In 1831, the "Mormon"Prophet

published to the world a statement that the earth was "organized"and "formed."(Not created in the sense of making something out

of nothing.) (Pearl of Great Price, "Book of Abraham,"Ch. 4:1.)

This is also established as a scientific fact today. As for the heavens,

1166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we read from Joseph Smith: "And there is no space in which there

is no kingdom."Also: "And their courses are fixed, even the

courses of the heavens and the earth, which comprehend the earth and all the planets."Again: "And the stars also give their light, as they

roll upon their wings in their glory, in the midst of the power of

God."All this was given to the world in 1832, (Doctrine and

Covenants, Sec. 88) and is accepted as scientific belief today, though

it was not at that time. Finally, on the side of the more practical

and useful science, we read an announcement from Joseph Smith, dated 1833, in which he declares that alcoholic beverages, tobacco, tea, coffee, and hot drinks are not good for man. ( Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 89.) Again the "Mormon"prophet is many years in

advance of his time. How shall we explain these things'? Did they

just happen to come true? What think ye of Joseph Smith? Whose

prophet is he?

Prophecies Which Might Have Failed

The attention of the reader is called to five predictions from

Joseph Smith which might well have failed. There are many others.

1. In the year 1832, with a "verily, thus saith the Lord,"Joseph

Smith made clear and definite predictions concerning the American Civil

War, and the World War of 1914. (Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 87.)

These predictions have been fulfilled to the letter. 2. A prophecy from

the Book of Mormon: "And this land (America.) shall be a land

of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto the Gentiles."(II Nephi 10: 11.) The

announcement was given to the world in the year 1830, and has been fulfilled to date. 3. In the year 1842, Joseph Smith prophesied

that the Latterday Saints would go to the Rocky Mountains and become a mighty people. (History of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 85.)

Four years later the first part of this prediction was fulfilled; and the

second part is still in the course of fulfilment. 4. The "Mormon"

Prophet tells us that in 1823 (when he was but seventeen years of age) a heavenly messenger announced that his (Joseph Smith's) name should be had for "good and evil among all nations, kindreds, and tongues."This prophecy (Pearl of Great Price, "Extracts from the

History of Joseph Smith,"par. 33), has already been very largely

fulfilled. 5. A few years before his death, Joseph Smith declared:

"It shall yet be said of was murdered in cold blood."(Docme—He

trine and Covenants, Sec. 135:4.) Such an attitude toward the

martyrdom of the "Mormon"Prophet is growing rapidly today.

Think for a moment! Any one of the above prophecies might have

failed. Certainly the probabilities were very strong that they would

fail. Yet they did not. And how shall we account for the fact?

"Mormonism"Vindicates Joseph Smith

The writer desires, in closing, to mention a few points of

REGARDING JOSEPH SMITH'S MISSION 1167

vindication by. "Mormonism"itself of this modern prophet. When,

in 1837, it was made known by Joseph Smith to his followers that a "Mormon"mission was to be opened in England, the plan seemed, to the casual observer, to be a preposterous one. Yet the missionaries

whom the Prophet sent "across the great waters"hesitated not a

their thousands in a few short years. Again, of themoment,work—convertingwent "without purse and scrip,"and accomplished a mighty

eleven men whose names appear on the fly leaf of The Book of Mormon, testifying to the divinity of that record, though several of them later became out of harmony with Joseph Smith, and though some of them actually left the Church, yet not one ever denied his testimony that The Book of Mormon was divinely inspired, and that Joseph

Smith was a true prophet of God. Yet again, that modern Moses,

Brigham Young, who did such a remarkable work as a pioneer leader of the Latterday Saints in the Rocky Mountains, always insisted that he was but a follower of Joseph Smith, the humble instrument in the hands of Almighty God, and the first great prophet of the latter days.

Finally, what is that spirit which burns in the heart and life of every devout Latterday Saint desire to proclaim and to carry today—that

the Restored Gospel to the world, to build up Zion, yea, even to have part in the building up of the great center stake of Zion in

Jackson county, Missouri? It is a testimony of the divinity of the

latterday work, known to the world as "Mormonism."But particularly it is more than that: It is a vindication of the divine and

prophetic mission of Joseph Smith.

Provo, Utah.

The Tempest

The clouds hung low in the western sky,

The wind blew a furious gale That tore the branches of the trees,

And the leaves fell thick with the hail.

Those clouds were a tumbling, twisting, mass,

As nearer and nearer they came;

The earth grew dark, and the lightning flashed,

And there was a torrent of rain.

Uprooted trees, and barns turned o'er,

Electric wires were down;

Destruction wrought on every hand

Throughout that country town,

Where, but an hour ago, peace reigned.

All seemed secure from harm;

Our trust must rest in God alone,

Who ruleth o'er the storm.

Mesa, Arizona. IDA R. ALLDREDGE.

WESTERNERS IN ACTION Three Pioneers

At a recent quarterly conference in Richmond, Utah, Benson stake of Zion, Elder George Albert Smith of the Council of the

Twelve was in attendance. He gave some valuable instructions, which

were highly appreciated by the people. One of the features of our

quarterly conference was the testimonies of three brethren over eighty years of age, who spoke with feeling in our Sunday morning conference meeting. These brethren were William Waddoups, left; Marcus Funk,

center; John Jenkins, right. They have been active all their lives in

the Church, and their testimonies were extremely faithpromoting.

Left: Wrn. Waddoups; center: Marcus

Funk; right: John Jenkins.

Elder Waddoups was born August 19, 1840, at Sowe, Warwickshire, England, and baptized a member of the Church on the 20th of April, 1856. He arrived as an immigrant at Salt Lake City on

the 13th of August, 1863, and was ordained a seventy on the 18th of August, 1869, by Joseph Young. On the 30th of June, 1901,

he was ordained a high priest and set apart as bishop of Lewiston

First ward, by Elder Marriner W. Merrill of the Council of the

Twelve. Four years thereafter, on the 5 th of November, he was set

apart a counselor to Stake President Alma Merrill, by President Francis

M. Lyman. On the 23 rd of October, 1921, he was ordained a

patriarch by Elder Melvin J. Ballard of the Council of the Twelve.

Marcus Funk was born in Denmark on the 3rd of December.

WESTERNERS IN ACTION 1169

1842, and joined the Church in 1854, coming to America in 185 7.

Two years thereafter he arrived in Utah, and settled with his parents in Ogden, and a year later went to Cache valley. He was also a pioneer

of Dixie, to which place he was called as a settler in 1874. He has

been a member of the Church for 72 years.

John Jenkins, son of Evan and Ann (Davis) Jenkins, was born

May 8, 1845, at Cowbridge, Glamorganshire, South Wales. His

parents joined the Church before he was born. Leaving their native

land, they came to America when John was four years and ten months of age. They crossed the ocean in the good ship Commodore, making

the trip in two months. They settled in Iowa, where they lived for

eleven years, coming to Utah in 1861, where they endured the usual pioneer hardships. Brother Jenkins was well known for his dexterity

with a rifle. For three years he returned, at the call of the Church,

for emigrants, in 1863, 1864, and 1866, making seven trips in all, bringing emigrants to Utah. In 1865 the Indians were so troublesome

on the plains that no teams went. He took part in the Morrisite war

in 1862. His parents settled in Farmington, where he lived until

he was married to Mary Oviatt, December, 1867. In 1869 he moved

to Cache valley, being the first settler in what is now known as Newton, where he has since made his home. He has been very active in

civil, social and religious affairs. He is the father of thirtyfive

children, twenty sons and fifteen daughters, twentyfive of whom are now living. His testimony of the goodness of the Lord towards him

is faithpromoting to all who hear. J. W. Funk, president Benson

stake, Richmond, Utah.

A Story of that Other Birthday

By Ellen L. Jakeman

Mr. Matthew Peterson, of Lehi, familiarly known as "Matt Peterson,"celebrated his eightyfirst birthday in the open at Ogden, Aug.

15, 1926, in company with his wife and other members of his family and a few friends. A splendid banquet was served, and a program

commemorating the varied exploits of the honored guest's distinguished endeavors.

Besides being a pioneer and Indian war veteran, Matt lived through the hazards of the journey from his native land, Scandinavia, the hardships of the thousand mile journey across the plains, and the bleak years that followed, augmented by grasshopper and cricket invasions, and is still able to make a very creditable quality of shoes and a wonderful garden. He also extracts music from a violin made from a

licorice box without paint or varnish; and, make no it is mistake,—

music! Having a wonderful memory, rich with the unique experi1170 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cnces of the past, he is well worth listening to; and this birthday party

set Mr. Peterson to recalling'past experiences:

"This birthday j all right,"he said, with his engaging and humorous smile, "but nothing to compare with one celebrated when

I was a boy. It was a season following a grasshopper raid which had

skinned the country of vegetation, and my father's family, as well as many others, h2d been living on bran bread, fish from Utah lake, wild mustard greens, jack rabbits, and whatever else we could get; and we

were pretty gaunt.

"I was in a field gleaning wheat with my sister, Christine, who was older than I, and I think I must have lagged some, for she said to me along in the afternoon:

'Do you know what day this is?'

"'Yes,'I answered, 'a mighty hot day, and I'm tired.'

'Well, it's the fifteenth of August, and your birthday,'she answered. I said nothing, and she let that soak in for a few moments,

and then went on: 'Mother i9 going to cook a birthday dinner for

you. It was good white flour father brought home from Provo last

night. Just a little for use if any of us are sick, but she told me this

morning that she was going to cook something nice for you out of it because it was your birthday, so let's hurry and get through so we can go home.'"I had been feeling rather rebellious, but the fact that mother remembered my birthday in celebration gave me a warm feeling of always having been welcome. The prospect of having something

different to eat from roast beets and bran bread gave me enthusiasm for more diligent efforts, so our gleaning progressed rapidly, and as the sun went down we arrived at home.

"Mother kissed me and wished me many more happy birthdays, and spread a small, white cloth on the corner of the kitchen table (for

I was to have my treat alone). Scrubbed and combed, and feeling my

importance in the family and the world generally, I sat up to a covered dish and said grace.

"Then mother uncovered the dish!

"There were six light, delicately browned pancakes! Mother

lifted one to my plate and covered it with a sweet, sticky, yellow syrup made by boiling down squash juice. The sight set my mouth

to watering! The smell was delicious!

"Before I had eaten more than a bite a neighbor stepped in. He

started to say something to mother, but he saw those pancakes and began to swallow, forgetting what he came for.

"'Why, they must be made of white flour!'he said, stating an

unbelievable fact, rather than asking a question. I knew what made

that is just what I did when Ihim keep swallowing that way,—for

first saw them.

"'Yes,'mother answered him. 'It's Matt's birthday, and I made

them just for him. Would you like one, brother?'

WESTERNERS IN ACTION 1171

"'I sure would,'he replied with an eager yet shamed look. 'I've

three little children over to my shanty that haven't tasted white flour in three months, and not much of anything in the last three days.

I've got the promise of something tomorrow, but goin'home tonight empty he choked! handed'—and

"I had eaten one while this was going on. Mother took four

of the five remaining pancakes, and looked around for something to put them on, and our neighbor just held out his homemade straw hat, and she dumped them in and put the remainder of the squash syrup on them. ''God bless you, Sister Peterson,'he said, and with tears rolling down his face he bolted for the door, forgetting the errand on which he came. We heard him repeat that fervent prayer and benediction

several times before he got out of hearing.

"I ate the last pancake without the sweetening we were all so ravenous for, and was perfectly satisfied.

"The powerful earnestness behind that blessing, must have carried it straight to the Throne of Grace, for the backbone of our own difficulties seemed to be broken from that day.

"'His hat? Oh, he could just slosh that out in the creek and it

would be all right. We were not so finical about our hats in those

days!"

Active Spiritual and Temporal Cooperation

This picture represents the large and remarkable family of

Alva N. Murdock, Sugar City, Idaho. Brother Murdock is the

second son of Patriarch N. C. Murdock, an early pioneer. Alva N.

resided in Wasatch county until 1911. He married Margaret Watson,

the highly accomplished daughter of Andrew Watson, known as the honest man of Provo. She is the mother of seven of the older children,

and she was in her time a great favorite and very popular at the

Brigham Young University, in the days of Karl G. Maeser.

After her death Brother Murdock was again fortunate in marrying

Sarah C. Larson, of Manti, a daughter of Hon. Christian P. and

Mary Matthews Larson. She is the mother of the other seven children.

Elder Murdock has good cause to be thankful to the Lord, and even proud of the entire family. They are all active workers in the Church.

In expressing his appreciation of his family and their characters and action, he gives the reason in two words, "Good mothers."

There is not one of the family but observes the Word of Wisdom and is clean in act and language. Five of the married children were

united in the temple, and doubtless all will follow the example, and be joined together with their parents in the right way, for time and all eternity. The family are extensively, and in cooperation, engaged

in farming and ranching, particularly in sheep raising. They all work

1172 IMPROVEMENT ERA

unselfishly together as a unit in complete harmony, with no cross words or family jars. Last season they harvested thirtytwo thousand

bushels of grain, besides tending to their other business affairs, their sheep and ranching.

The most remarkable thing about the family, when we consider the selfishness extant these days, is that they have only one bank account. Each of the children is given his own check book and permitted to draw as his needs demand from the general fund, each

helping the other, the account having been in the father's name, but now, as he stated, is in the name of one of his sons. He says that he

has never, so far, had to chide any of them for extravagance.

This family is an example of thorough cooperation. They

remind one of Alma's first Mormons, who looked forward with one

*''1 t w V Iff *jf -'1"+& f if i m 3 m f * rf frnm

'...

Alva N. Murdock and Family, Sugar City, Idaho

eye, having one faith, one baptism, their hearts knit together in unity and love one towards another. They bear one another's burdens

that they may be light, mourn with those who mourn, comfort those who stand in need of comfort, and stand as witness of God at all times in all things and in all places, looking forward to the time that they may be redeemed of God and numbered with those of the first resurrection that they may have eternal life. They seek to

walk uprightly before God, give thanks to him, keep holy the

Sabbath day, labor with their own hands for their support, imparting to one another both temporally and spiritually according to their needs and their wants. "How blessed are they, for they shall sing

His praise forever,"-—A.

Boy Scouts on Upper Snake River

Top: A bridge constructed by scouts in the Council Camp conducted during 1926

by the Teton Peaks Council, B. S. A.

Bottom: Teton Peaks Council Camp with scouts getting daily "setups."H. S.

Alvord, Executive, Edwin Keller, Assistant Camp Director, Idaho Falls, Idaho, 192 6.

The Teton Peaks Council, B. S. A.; H. S. Alvord, Scout Executive; Edwin Keller, Assistant Camp Director, conducted a camp

during 1926 on the upper Snake river. Here 188 boys and men

spent a week or more in camp. Altered campfire programs were

conducted, and many activities carried out on the scout program, to the great edification and advantage of those who attended. At Pineview, shown in the picture, there is a dining hall and quarters for

inspection. These pictures give some idea of the camp and the work

accomplished. Bishop M. E. Brown of Milo, also Scout Master of

Milo, with a group constructed and conducted altered campfire programs at the Council Camp- "

Top: Dining hall and quarters for instructions, located at Pineview, Idaho.

Bottom: Company street and daily morning inspection. Teton Peaks Council Camp,

Idaho Falls, Idaho.

The bridge and swimming pool, where the scouts of the upper Snake river,

Teton Peaks Council, held their Summer encampment, 188 boys and men spending a week or more in camp.

Betray Not His Trust

Sad, sad, when the mind shall wander far

On a dark, forbidding sea, Tossed hither and yon by the waves of doubt.

And burdened by misery, Seeking ever the harbor that never is found

And rest that can never abide:

For the soul that has bartered the jewels God gave

Is swept on by eternity's tide.

Sad, sad, on that day, when eternity's span

Unfolds to our wondering sight,

And we see in the crown that another shall wear

Our jewels, resplendent and bright.

For Christ has decreed, if we keep not the trust

Of his jewels, untarnished and fair,

We shall lose to another the treasure he gave;

And their splendor we never can share.

"Take heed,"he said, "that you harm not a hair

On the heads of my little ones here;

For they dwell in the light of the white throne of God

Where his glory and presence is near.

It was not you who chose them, but they who chose you

Their father and mother to be To round out the measure that God gave you here,

And fulfil his eternal decree."

Sad, sad, to you, then, if this trust you defile

Through earthlust, or treasure, or gain;

For the hearts that shall barter the gifts of Christ's love

Shall never find surcease of pain.

They shall seek for it here, and shall search for it there;

They shall hunger and never be filled,

For the voices of little ones robbed of their love

In our bosoms can never be stilled.

The wife that God gave you, as helpmeet and friend,

Sometime will be asked at your hand;

Or the husband he gave you, to guard you through life,

Some day he will surely demand.

What shall profit us then, to cry out of our trials

Or excuses that come at our will?

Will he not say for you: "I, too, bore my cross

And suffe'red on Calvary's hill?

"I sweat drops of blood, and drank deep of the cup.

That you, with me, joint heirs might be,

And I looked forth with hope on the trust that is yours,

As I suffered and bled on the tree.

My trust is my little ones, treasured with care,

My ewe lambs brought back to the fold,

And the joys to the hearts that are true to that trust,

To mortals can never be told."

Rexbucg, Idaho. PAUL H- AtLRED.

MY TESTIMONY

By E. Hollings

It was in a faroff, foreign land. Two merchants were going

around from door to door trying to dispose of a quantity of valuable pearls. They declared that they had been sent as emissaries from the

Great King, in whose kingdom was the wealth of the earth, and the source whence came those beautiful pearls. The King was kind and

wished to do good to all people, and, in order to show his great love for mankind, he instructed these messengers to go into all the countries round about, and present to everyone who desired to receive it a beautiful pearl of great price. The persons receiving it were gift—a

told to treasure it, to care for it, as its value was beyond price; that if

they should try to sell it, it would vanish; that no one could take it

from them; that the more they cared for it and valued it the bigger and

more brilliant and beautiful it would become; that if they did this, it

would become a charm to their lives, it would bring them joy and happiness, and in time the Great King would call them to come and live with his people; that the pearl would be a charm to protect them that

no harm or evil should befall them, either upon land or sea, in their journeying to the land of his people; that if they then continued to

prize and care for it, the time would come when they would be required to show their pearl at the heavenly gate, the entrance to the city of the Great King, and be permitted to dwell in his presence forever, where there is eternal sunshine and happiness, no darkness, sorrow or fear.

It was difficult for the merchants to dispose of these pearls, as the people could not imagine that anyone could be so good as to give away such valuable treasure, and they believed the merchants to be fakes, and the pearls to be imitations. Others had been deceived so

many times that they had no trust in anyone and would not even permit the merchants to explain their visit. Occasionally they would meet

with one who would listen to their story, and to whom they would present a pearl. Some received it as a gift from the Great King and

valued it as such, and found joy and happiness as promised; while others accepted it doubting its value, not caring for it, and it would remain

dim for some time and then gradually fade away until they lost it, as was also promised.

Nearly sixteen years ago in the city of Bloemfontein, in faroff

South Africa, I met two of these merchants and listened to their story, accepting a pearl. I examined it carefully to see if it was genuine, and

found it to be bright and clear, without blemish. It was the best I had

ever seen. I kept it and valued it; cared for it and treasured it up. The

more I examined it the more beautiful and bright it became; its lustre

improved; it was genuine. For seven long years I cared for it and

MY TESTIMONY 1177 treasured it. My friends tried to convince me that it was false, an imitation; that it was of no value and that I was deceived, that it was not

genuine; but I clung to my pearl. I held it tighter because they tried

to take it from me. It shone brighter and brought comfort and peace,

as promised.

As time went on I remembered the words of the merchants, and desired to mingle with the people of the Great King. In overcoming

many obstacles, through trials and tribulations, in my journey upon land and sea, the pearl was my charm. In times of trouble, it was a

comfort; in danger, it was a protection; in time of sorrow, it brought

peace to my soul. I arrived at my destination in safety, although the

great World War was raging, and there was danger both on land and sea. For the last eight years I have mingled with the people of the

Great King. I still have my pearl. I love it and care for it. It is life

to me.

University of Utah.

The Desert and the Rose

Is there beauty in the desert?

Is there splendor in the vast Expanse, unbroken, level, Of the parching plain aghast, With the torrid heat that swelters -

As the Summers come and pass?

Is there glory in such bleakness?

Is there color in the gray, Uninviting prairie on a thirsty July day,

Where there's naught but sage and shadscale

For the sultry winds to sway?

Is there fragrance from the rosebud,

Ere it blossoms to'the morn?

Or enchantment to the sunlight

Before the day is born, Hid behind the mountain blackness

Like a cold and dismal storm?

Throughout all of God's creation

There is beauty yet to know There is splendor and enchantment

Wherever man may go;

But the glorious art of seeing

Comes as God doth will it so.

Helena, Mont. LE MAX SAxON

GOD'S MASTERPIECE

By H. Bartley Heiner

Over the door of every profession, every occupation, every calling, the world has a standing advertisement: Man.""Wanted—A

One of the most beautiful buildings in America is the congressional library in Washington. The brilliant architect, Mr. Smithmeyer, traveled over the world, visiting the most famous buildings in all the lands,

before completing the plans for this princely structure. It is a marvelous combination of noble dignity and symmetrical beauty, and stands

as a triumph of the architect's genius and the builder's skill.

There is another building, grander even than the library in Washington. Divinity is its architect. This building is MasterMan—God's

piece.

What is man?. If you put the question to materialistic thought

for an answer, it is: Man is a splendid animal. He stands at the very

summit of animal creation. He is a piece of finely organized clay, but

at death he is dissolved back into his original elements, and that is all there is of him. If that is all there is of man why these longings, and

aspirations after something better, something bigger?

Plato defined man as a twolegged animal without feathers.

Diogenes pulled the feathers off a rooster and tossed it into the academy, saying, "There is one of Plato's men."

Man, according to revelation, is the child of God, created after the exact image of God, physically, morally and intellectually.

My definition of a real man is: one who is content with what he

has but not with what he is; he is a man by virtue of the things within

not without A little girl wrote in her composition that, "Man is a twolegged animal that chews tobacco and walks on the forked end."That is a

very good definition of some there are others who men—socalled—but

do not chew tobacco.

The Bible says very wisely, "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he."It is what we think in our hearts, what we love to think about, which directs our actions, which in turn form our character. What is a

miser but a man who has devoted his thoughts for years to making and saving money, till at last it becomes impossible to think of anything else. He would be glad to use his money, to enjoy it, to give, but he

cannot; his thoughts have worn so deep a rut of habit that he is unable to get out of it. As he thinketh in his heart so is he. We talk

about the education which comes from books, the culture which is given by study, by schools, by lectures; but the deepest and strongest

of all education comes from the atmosphere of thought with which we

GOD'S MASTERPIECE 1 1 79

surround our souls. Therefore the apostle tells us to think of what is

true, noble, beautiful, good; not of what is false, base, and mean. To

think of good things and good men, brings about noble actions that elevate the soul; while to think of base and mean things inclines us to

ignoble actions tending downward.

If we are to reach the goal of true leadership, the path of true achievement, the accomplishment of true usefulness, we must have the effort of struggle and sacrifice.

Remember that true life is energy. Gothe says that, "Energy will

do anything that can be done in this world, and no talents, no circumstances, no opportunities will make a man without it.

In a frame, hung upon the wall in a prominent place in the reception room of a large banking house in New York, is the inscription:

"Do you use life, or ate you letting life use you?"

What a world of thought is opened by this query. Are you one

of those who are letting life use you? Are you simply drifting with

the current? Or are you guiding your ship of destiny firmly and

unwaveringly? We can make of life what we will; we can be used by

it, flung about and trampled upon, and at last go down to a nameless death, or we can take control and become a director of our life, and guide it as we will. We can use it to make a better, brighter and

happier world, not only for ourselves but for others with whom we may come in contact.

The interior force of man, if it is small, is shaped by its surroundings; but if it is large, it shapes those surroundings. The flower, the

tree, may not alter its environment, but a man can and does. Indeed,

the whole history of man is the story of his alteration of the environment in which he is born. Progress is but another name for this

change.

The times demand a high type of manliness. The intrinsic value

of a man is not measured by his dollars or lack of dollars, but by his integrity as a citizen to all that is noblest and best in human life.

In one of George McDonald's books a despondent character says, "I don't know why God ever made me."Another character replies,

"God has not finished you yet. He is just making you now; you are

not yet completed; this is only your beginning."What we call life

is only the school time.

Science places man just a little above the animal. Religion places

man just a little beneath the Gods. Whether you are just above the animal or just beneath the Gods depends largely upon your action.

No such honor was ever given to any other created being as the being made after the intellectual and moral image of God, but with that honor comes a great responsibility. You can live up to the position in

which God places you or you can live on a level with the animals.

Burntfork, Wyo.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS "And ye:hall go forth in the power of my Spirit, preaching my gospel, two

by two, in my name, lifting up your voices as with the sound of a trump, declaring my word like unto angels of God.

"And ye shall go forth baptizing with water, saying: Repent ye, repent ye,

for the kingdom of heaven is at hand; * * * and inasmuch as ye shall find

andthem that will receive you ye shall build up my Church in every region."—D.

C. 42:6-8.

TwentySeven Baptisms in Nine Months

In the Brooklyn Conference, which comprises all of the densely populated territory around New York City, there were twentyseven baptisms in the nine months preceding June, 1926. This is unusual considering

the large percentage of Jews in the population and the intensely commercial feeling in the city. The presence of the "shortterm"missionaries added

greatly to the morale of the workers. This, with the energetic activity of

the regular missionaries, and an abundance of the Spirit of the Lord, made it possible to obtain these results.

Such a report counteracts the frequent thought that the work of the Lord is not prospering in the "big city."We may add that of these twentyseven baptized, eighteen were new converts. Further, we are adding rapidly

to our numbers by immigration from Europe, principally from Germany.

In the past year there have been added more than a hundred in this manner and the prospects point to a larger number in the future. The Gospel is

making headway in New York. Fred L. Markham, Conference President.

The Martyrdom Commemorated in Hamburg

The oratorio, "The Martyrs,"was sung with great success by the

Hamburg city combined choirs, on June 27, observing the 82nd anniversary of the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother, Hyrum

Smith, 1844. At the largest meeting of the conference 600 people were present. The local brethren are loyal and of great aid in their support of the

missionaries here. This can especially be said of the new branches opened

up here recently in Rendsburg, Schleswig and Flensburg, during the past six months. Good results have been shown and wonderful progress made

in the entire conference. We held a baptism on the shores of the Baltic at

Flensburg, Germany, on May 13 and 16. This branch has thirteen members

and many friends and prospects. A Sunday school is organized and held

regularly with two other services each week. An average of twentyfive

children attend the Sunday school from the neighborhood. A wonderful,

modern chapel has been available from the start here, and the private owner of the building is now one of the Latterday Saints. Twentythree of the

elders attending the conference walked from their fields of labor; some had

to walk from the Baltic Sea, and others from the other far corners of the territory. They tracted on the way. We believe that the farmers and the

peasant folk along the road, in this way, also received our message, which could not have been delivered in any other way to them to advantage.

Following the conference meetings, the missionaries were given permission to visit Copenhagen, Denmark, on the 4th of July, as a celebration. We were

greeted and cordially welcomed by President Peterson and the elders of the

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1181

Danish mission, and also by President Anderson of Sweden, at Malmo,

Sweden. Randolph Reusser.

ELDERS OF THE HAMBURG CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: J. Jordan, E. Stucki, E. Romney, H. Mqnson, F. Horlacher,

H. Cummings, N. Nielsen, T. Richins, J. Stringham. Middle row: R. Hubbard,

J. Johannsen, H. Wahlqui;t, C. Worthington, J. Stewart, R. Reusser, N. Fox, B.

Bott, L. Curtis, M. Anderson. Front row: F. Squires, N. Pierce, C. Cannon,

R. Cannon, President Hugh J. Cannon, Conference President A. Taylor, Francis

Moore, M. Barrett, J. Miller, Ray Ward Solomon.

Labors in Leeds

The traveling elders of the Leeds conference met in the early part of the year and decided to increase missionary work to the maximum. The motto,

"Leeds shall lead in 1926,"was adopted. Monthly standards of a progressive nature were also adopted and attained by the cooperation of mis-

sionaries and the conference president. During the first six months of this

year we spent 2,800 hours tracting, had 7,800 gospel conversations, distributed 55,000 tracts, 9,000 pamphlets, together with 85 Books of Mor1182 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mon, an excellent record for the British mission. There is an average

of ten missionaries in the conference. We recently held a baptismal service

where fourteen persons were baptized. Trading in the country is being

undertaken, and weekly street meetings are held in several towns, with an attendance of 200 or more. The picture shows a streetmeeting scene,

George T. Harrison addressing the audience in Town Hall Square, Leeds.

It is not often one can obtain a picture of a street meeting here, because of the heavy skies and rain, and the majority of the openair meetings are held at night, too late to take pictures. This picture was taken from the Town

Hall steps of Leeds, Yorkshire, England. The elders are President George

T. Harrison addressing the meeting, and Elder Noble L. Chambers of Smithfield, Utah, standing against the monument. Notwithstanding all our

efforts, on the whole, the people seem to be cold and indifferent to religion of any kind. Will B. Jex, Conference Clerk.

ELDERS OF LEEDS CONFERENCE, ENGLAND

Left to right: Franklin J. Newman, Riverton, Utah; David W. Sutton, Logan,

Utah; Seth P. Leishman, Wellsville, Utah; James B. Collyer, Salt Lake City; George

T. Harrison, conference president, Provo, Utah; Will B. Jex, conference clerk. Salt

Lake City; Myron H. Brenchly, Wellsville, Utah; Evan H. Jenkins, Idaho Falls,

Idaho; James L. Clark, Lehi, Utah.

First L. D. S. Street Meeting Held in Aalborg

Elder Egert M. Larsen, conference president at Aalborg, Denmark.,

reports that, through the courtesy of the chief of police, the L. D. S. missionaries, for the first time in the history of the Church, were granted the

privilege of holding street meetings in that city. Their first meeting was

held on June 22, 1926, "in the most prominent place in the city, and where probably twentyfive years ago our missionaries would have beeo mobbed. A crowd of approximately 250 people assembled,"says Elder

Larsen, "and we proclaimed to them the gospel of life and salvation. Many

tracts were distributed, and we feel that the people left with a good impression of the 'Mormon'elders in Aalborg. Opposition is slowly breaking down,

but in its place we find indifferemce. Thirteen baptisms have been performed since the first of the year, and we have many friends and investigators,

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1183

many of whom, no doubt, will apply for baptism in the near future. We

express our appreciation for the Improvement Era; it is indeed a great help

and inspiration."

Left to right: H. J. Christiansen, E. M. Larsen, conference president; Hugo D. Jorgensen, W. T. Kilts, N. Halvor Madsen, C. A. Malan. Participating, but not included in picture: W. R. Petersen, Karl M. J. Thomsen.

Many Nations Hear the Gospel

Elder Frank Miskin, Memel, Lithuania, reports a conference held there on the 18 th of July, the first in many years. It was a big success. There

'..',''KC* XjJaL 3EBft/ Hfe, pTj| K pijw. min |

li, tit;IL, jJMHKww- *Br

jiiMAQruw A MK. 1 al

'*lv'55gj '

A good shepherd and his sheep. He lead,: his sheep and calls them. They all com;

when he calls; they go only where he goes. They are very obedient.

1184 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were about thirtynine friends in the afternoon and evening meetings. Brother

Cowley, the conference president, was in attendance, and gave two excellent talks on the principles of the gospel. His was the first visit of a conference

president in several years. "Monday evening we held a baptism, one person

being baptized, with the help of the Lord and the earnest prayers of the

Saints. This land formerly belonged to Germany. The Lithuanians are

Top: A Lithuanian Fast Express, or the way they travel.

Bottom, right to left: Earl Jorgenen; Frank Miskin, branch president: Joseph

Cowley, conference president.

trying to get all the Germans out of here and replace them with their own people. The Catholic priests have almost all the say, or have had so until

the last election, held in May; then they lost their control. When they

get the ruling hand later,, the next war will start; that is, the war between

religions. There are about eight different languages represented in this city.

The main languages are, Lithuanian, German, Hebrew, Russian, English,

Polish, Swedish and Danish. Memel is the harbor and fishing center, and

fish are very cheap. There are many people without work, knowing not

from one day to the next what they are going to eat. They receive a little

from the Government, but that is too much to starve on and too little to live on. The Jews are playing quite an important part in this country.

They have a big school, in which the students must all learn some kind of trade before they can go to Jerusalem. A company leaves here for the

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1185

'promised land'about every six months. The Era is always welcome; we

could hardly get along without it and its glad greetings from Zion."Frank

Miskin.

A Catholic Monk. Taken in Kretinga, Russia

The Message of "Mormonism"to the World

General and special sessions of the semiannual conference of the

Netherlands mission convened at Rotterdam on July 1 to 6, with President and Sister James E. Talmage of the European mission, President and Sister

John P. Lillywhite of the Netherlands mission, President John D. Kooyman

of the Rotterdam conference, and the traveling elders of the mission in attendance. Well attended public meetings were held on July 1 and 3, and

on July 2 a convention of the officers and teachers of the various branch and auxiliary organizations convened, under the direction of the mission president. Six hundred fifty people were present at the conference meetings

on Sunday afternoon, many of the Saints journeying long distances under adverse circumstances to get there. "The Message of 'Mormonism'to the

World,"was thegeneral theme of the conference. Presidents Talmage,

Lillywhite and Kooyman were the principal speakers. Sister May Booth

Talmage also spoke of the work and interests of the Relief Society. Eight

hundred fifty listened to the message of the speakers in the evening service, where the theme of the conference was further developed. The combined

choirs of the Rotterdam and the Hague branches, supplemented by special numbers, furnished the music. A meeting of all the traveling elders of the

mission was held on Monday, July 5, continued on July 6, where general 1186 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and specific instructions were given to stimulate greater efficiency in missionary labors. Meetings were held in Amsterdam on July 7, at which Presidents

Talmage and Lillywhite were the speakers, and Sisters Talmage and Lillywhite addressed the Relief Society and women's S. organizations—Pern's

Jensen, Reporter and former Mission Secretary.

MISSIONARIES ATTENDING CONFERENCE IN HOLLAND

Top row, left to right: C. Fred Berghout, David E. Hamilton, Charles P. Mietus,

William K. Potts, Ray J. Hutchinson, Albert Venema, Sieger Springer, Rupert

Ravsten. Joseph F. Steenblik, George V. Ricks, Vernal T. Holland, John D.

Lillywhite, R. Dale Snow. Second row. Melvin Webb, Fred W. Newbold, George

A. Grover, William J. Denkers, William Postma, Peter Noorda, Anton G. Winkel,

Royal G. Smith, John Ruitenbeek, Earl C. Wade, John B. Bernards, Francis H.

Gunnell, S. Reed Andrus, Samuel B. Woolley, Ray B. Taft, Ira S. Ward. Third row:

David G. Thomas, True B. Harmsen, Leonard L. Bishop, Daniel Simmons, John

Vandenberg, A. M. Joseph de Young, Elias L. Brinton, Raymond K. Cromar,

Theron J. Seeley, G. Wayne Esplin, Ralph A. Matson, Nicholas Van Alfen, William

F. Ashton, Nicholas J. Teerlink, Martinus Vuijk, president Amsterdam conference.

Sitting: Andreas de Bruyn; John Zilverschoon, president Groningen conference;

Gerard Doezie, assistant editor De Ster; Perris S. Jensen, former mission secretary;

Burtram A. Weight, mission secretary; Sister Lillian D. Lillywhite, president Netherland Relief Society; John P. Lillywhite, president Netherlands mission; James E.

Talmage, president European missions; Sister May Booth Talmage, president European Relief Societies; John van der Werff, president Rotterdam conference; Sister

M. Stam, Martinus Stam, Alfred J- Smith. Sitting in front: Henry Hansen, Hendrik

Poelman, Master Joel P. Lillywhite, Lawrence D. Olpin, W. Gordon Rose, president

Utrecht conference.

Moving Fast in California

During the first seven months of 1926, the SacramentoGridley conference, with an average of fourteen missionaries, placed into the hands of the public, 1,976 Books of Mormon, according to Elder Manton M. Moody,

president of that conference. He reports that the spirit of service that characterized this accomplishment was carried over into all lines of missionary

work, resulting in the winning of the California Mission "Efficiency

Pennant."Elder Moody says: "The blessings of health, strength and inMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1187

spiration, coupled with hard, consistent labor and perspiration, accounts for our success. We have a goodly number of investigators and friends in this

conference. In one section we alternate in holding cottage meetings with

a nonsectarian minister, holding our meetings at the same place, and preaching to practically the same group of people. An independent branch was recently

organized at Stockton. At our last Priesthood meeting we adopted the slogan,

'Move a little faster and pray a little harder.'We feel that we are greatly

blessed."

- Sacramento Gndley Conference Missionaries

CALIFORNIA MISSIOK 1926 M MISSIONARIES OF SACRAMENTOGRIDLEY CONFERENCE

Top row, left to right: Myrtle Kunz; Manton M. Moody, conference president;

Joseph W. McMurrin, mission president; Waldon Ballard; Ruth Wintsch. Middle

row: Algie Mann, Orsen Allen (released), Varro C. Jones, L. P. Jensen (released),

Wenzel Luke, Nora C. Mason (released). Bottom row: Marie Swann, Fon R.

Brown, T. Erwin King, Arlene Ashcroft.

Memories O childhood days, come back to me,

Loved, carefree hours of long ago,

When I was just a tiny lad Unused to toil and earthly woe,

When all the day was one glad song

And life to me was naught but play,

When I could climb on mother's knee

And let sweet stories end the day.

1188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

O happy, carefree days of yore,

Could I but have you with me now,

You'd make my heart feel light and gay

And steal the furrows from my brow.

Alas, you've gone beyond recall;

Pale memory dim awaits for me;

You came and vanished all too soon,

Like rippling waves upon the sea.

childhood days, you were complete

When mother, with her golden hair,

Would listen to my breaking heart

And ease my soul of childish care.

When playmates dear grew cross with me

And things would fail to come my way,

She'd slip her arm around my waist

And sweet, consoling words she'd say.

At night she'd tuck me in my bed, 'Twas only yesterday, it seems,

And stooping down she'd kiss my head

And lull me into land of dreams.

Oft when diseases came my way And I with fever tossed in bed,

Sweet stories she would tell to me,

While her dear hand would ease my head.

Could I now have you, mother dear, 'Tis better far that I would know,

Just how to treat your kind old heart,

For I was careless long ago.

Oft, mother dear, I try to think

Of each kind act you've done for me, 1 count a few and then I cease,

Your deeds are boundless as the sea.

No mortals here can ever know Just how you've sacrificed for me,

Until they next to death's door go,

As you did once that I might be.

Loved childhood days with mother too

Have gone afar beyond recall, And left me now alone with thoughts

Where pictures cling on memory's wall.

Old age is fast o'ershadowing me,

And very soon I too shall go, Where mother dear awaits for me,

That angel soul of long ago.

But, as I yet must stay a while

And finish up my work with men,

I'd give the world if I could live

Those dear old childhood days again.

B. Y. U. Ptovo, Utah. FLORA D. ROBINSON.

UNITED ORDER By E. Pingree Tanner

I have just completed reading a historical sketch of the Hutterian

Communities, and have been wonderfully impressed with how the

Lord has sustained them in their community life, even though they have not as yet partaken of the truths of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Springing into existence at the time of the reformation, under the able leadership of Jacob Hutter of Zurich, Switzerland, at the beginning of the 16th century, their history was for the ensuing 250 years one of extreme persecution; but not even the executioner's

knife, or the dreadful tortures which were rife at this period of history, was able to deter them from their religious convictions, chief among which was that they should enjoy all their worldly possessions in common.

It is true that under the strain of persecution many would yield and return to the Mother (Catholic) church, but during all their expulsions in Switzerland, AustriaHungary, Germany and Russia, enough remained loyal to the teachings of Jacob Hutter to keep their identity intact, till finally, in 1874, they followed the example of many other worthy patriots, and came to the Land of America, (Zion) the asylum for the oppressed, and have enjoyed a thrifty growth since.

During the past two centuries many well meaning men, fired by a zeal to bring about the true brotherhood of man on the earth, have experimented with community life. The communities have prospered for a few years, then died -a natural death. Not so with the

community life started by Jacob Hutter; for over 400 years it has been

kept intact, and today they have 26 colonies; 12 in Alberta, 9 in

Manitoba, and 5 in South Dakota.

Surely the Lord has been mindful of them, even though they have not as yet accepted the gospel. He lead most of them to locate among

the "Mormon"settlements of South Alberta, when persecution during the great war, on account of their religious belief that they should not take up arms, caused them to leave South Dakota. The future may

yet reveal the hand dealing of the Lord in their behalf in guiding their footsteps to Southern Alberta, where 10,000 Latterday Saints enjoy the blessings of the gospel, and where the only temple in the British

Empire is located.

One of their brightest young men, (Peter Wiph), attended high school in Magrath to qualify to teach in his colony, but being fired with a desire for more education wanted to attend a university; and

on the advice of the principal of the school decided to attend the

Brigham Young University, at Provo. and according to a letter the

1190 IMPROVEMENT ERA

writer received from Brother Harris, President of the University, he is going to make good.

One cannot read of their community life, or observe the true motives that underlie their religious convictions, without being wonderfully impressed with the idea of the "United Order,"and also realize how far in advance true community life will be realized at some future date among the Latterday Saints, when done under the direction and accompanied by the Divine power of the Priesthood.

Absurd as it may seem to some, yet, the "United Order,"I think, will be. practiced among the Latterday Saints, under Divine direction,

and will be an unqualified success when the Lord again designs to put the Higher Law in operation among his people.

The United Order is not new to the people of the world. It

caused a cooperation and oneness to exist among the people of

Enoch, so that the Lord came and dwelt among them, and the Lord called his people Zion because they were of one heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness, and there were no poor among them.

(Pearl of Great Price, Moses, 7:1618.)

A most wonderful condition of peace and happiness existed among the Nephites on this continent, as found recorded in IV Nephi.

Therefore there were no rich and poor, bond and free, but they were all made free and partakers of the heavenly gift.

The Lord has said through modern revelation, that if we are not equal in earthly things we cannot be equal in obtaining heavenly things.

He has also spoken in unqualified terms with regard to the status of the idler, whom some believe would benefit by a system of community life. "Thou shalt not be idle, for he that is idle shall not eat

the bread, nor wear the garments of the laborer."(Doctrine and Covenants 42:42.)

Also; the idler shall not have place in the Church except he repents and mends his ways.

A system of stewardship will be inaugurated with the "United

Order,"through which each person will be accountable unto the Lord for the property he has received by consecration. Property will not

then be known as mine and thine, but our's and the Lord's, and indeed the work of the Lord in the earth will be greatly accelerated under such a system.

The varied and graded vocations will still exist, there will be laborers whose Qualifications fit them for physical toil, managers who have proved their ability to manage and direct, teachers, mechanics, authors, sculptors, painters, etc., working in harmony for the advancement of all concerned.

The tithing system, or lesser law, is and has been wonderfully instrumental in furthering the purposes of the Lord in the earth.

Through its agency, temples have been erected to the Lord, hundreds of houses of worship have been built, Church schools have been built, and maintained for the advancement of education in Zion, and

UNITED ORDER 1191

in many other ways do we see the beneficent results of the tithing system, but when the "United Order,"or higher law, is established in

Zion under the direction of the proper authority, it will do for the

Saints and Church all that tithing has done, and besides will tend to further eliminate selfishness, and will foster ideals, and virtues, which will culminate in that glorious state of peace and happiness which poets have written about, and great minds in all ages have looked forward to.

Surely we are living in a most wonderful period of the world's history. Do we appreciate our privileges and blessings, and are

we living the lesser law sufficiently perfect to entitle us to graduation to the higher law when it is ushered in?

Magrath, Aha, Canada

Evidence

I sat beside a mountain stream,

And listened to it travel;

I watched a spider spin his web

And thread on thread unravel;

I watched the sun sink o'er the lake

With red and golden shimmer;

I saw the stars on milky trail

That dance or stay or glimmer;

I saw a bird go flying south To save him from the cold, And to me came that happy thought,

So new and yet so old "Around us all, encircling all,

Is some, safe, guiding power.

Oh, trust! there's one who watches all,

A friend in every hour!"

Salt Lake City GERTIE GIBBS

Suffering

If all our lives were filled with joy and bliss,

And nothing ever came to mar our days,

If all the hours were bright and none amiss,

If all our deeds brought love and grace and praise

The heights, the depths, the sadly trodden ways,

We would not know, and hence we could not feel

The heartaches of our sick and saddened friends,

Nor help them through their days of woe and weal.

"TVs suffering that makes us tried and true as steel.

Mt. Pleasant, Utah ALBERTA JACOBS.

-illlllllllllllimillllllliillllllllllliillllllllllllllllllllillllillllillllillllllli IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIMIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL:

Three Shrines

At Love's shrine I knelt and worshiped,

Said, "There's naught but love that matters,

Now I'll drink this cup of gladness,

And be happy evermore."

Scarcely had I finished speaking,

E'er the cup fell from my fingers,

Scattered into myriad pieces, Useless, baneful, on the floor.

At the shrine of Knowledge knelt I,

Paid obeisance, gleaned her harvests,

Said, "'Tis knowledge makes the world go,

Close the heart, let rule the head!

Came a crisis needing judgment,

Sought I then in vain the answer,

Fell among the thorns and briars.

Knowledge Wisdom fled. came—but

At Faith's shrine I humbly pleaded,

Offered up my heart and service, "What I am, what Thou hast given,

Let me share, dear Lord, 'tis Thine."

Unto me a glad renewal, Love in newer guise saluted;

Knowledge bent her head to Wisdom;

Truth resultant, shone divine.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

AlNZA WOOLMAN.

rillllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|i"lllllllllllllllllllll IIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIR

Editors able

The True Latterday Saint Spirit

Loyalty has always been one of the leading characteristics of the

Latterday Saints. The Prophet Joseph Smith loyally gave his full

time, his attention and finally his life for the cause of the establishment of the gospel upon the earth, as revealed to him by the Lord and by holy angels. All our leaders who have followed also have proved

loyal by knowledge and choice.

Jesus Christ, the greatest example of the perfect life, prayed that he might be spared the suffering of the cross, but "not my will, but thine be done,"he added, when he prayed for this favor. He was

strictly loyal to the will of the Father and desired to do nothing save that which the cause of the Father commanded.

Loyalty is never halfhearted; it is willing and wholesouled.

Loyalty is the feeling that must be put into action for the good of any cause. Josiah Royce, Harvard, defines loyalty, as "the wholesouled,

willing and practical devotion of a person to a cause."Through our

organizations and institutions we may learn to obtain and practice the loyalty essential to development and success in us and our cause.

As an organization and as individuals, we stand loyal to the cause that we have Church of Jesus Christ of Latterespoused—the

day Saints. The true spirit of "Mormonism"shows faith *n action.

To have faith is the true spirit of the Saints; then come works;

knowledge and loyalty follow. A very homely, but direct, illustration

is related in a sermon by the great missionary, Jedediah M. Grant,

as far fack as 1854. He said:

"A man who has faith has capital in himself; he is 'telegraph'enough

to build himself a home. Another man has to sit down and count, 'three

and two are five, five and two are seven, seven and four are eleven, and eleven and six are seventeen,'and so he will calculate; and unless he has so many

dimes he has not faith enough to draw the first rock, or the first adobe, or get the first foot of lumber, or do the first thing. But you take a man

who has in him the true 'Mormon'spirit, and he considers he can accomplish just what ought to be accomplished. If he considers that he wants a house,

he deems himself competent to go at it, and to build such an one as he wants. That is the 'Mormon'spirit."

We desire our young people to cultivate the spirit of loyalty to the faith. To do this it is desirable that they should get a testimony

of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, so that, through that testimony, they may prove loyal to the cause which, by the direction of the Lord, he established, and which is the Church and

Kingdom of God.

To have faith is good and necessary, but to have a testimony 1194 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one must be convinced and converted, and must know. A good way

to obtain the testimony is to read the Book of Mormon, thus making ours its doctrines and teachings. "We believe the Bible to be the

word of God, as far as it is translated correctly; we also believe the

Book of Mormon to be the word of God."We have been repeating

this from our Articles of Faith for many years. No one can repeat

this statement with complete personal satisfaction and not have read the contents of that holy book.

Let us, then, attack the reading of the Book of Mormon with this disposition of faith, work, and knowledge, so characteristic of the true Latterday Saint spirit. By study we shall accomplish the purpose

for which we have set out; namely, to obtain a testimony of the divine

mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, who was instrumental, through the gift and power of God, in bringing this book before the world.

It is, indeed, the word of God as it applies to us and to the people of this continent. This course will make us more competent and able

to practice loyalty to the doctrines and principles which constitute the fundamentals of the gospel of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

A.

PreExistence In the Book of Mormon it is stated, in substance, that the Lord,

Jesus Christ, in the beginning, created all men after the body of his spirit. In the exact words, the Lord, Jesus Christ, says: "All men

were creafcd in the beginning after mine own image. * * *

Man have I created after the body of my spirit."

Orson Pratt, in a sermon delivered in early days, in 1856, said:

"This is the only place in the Book of Mormon where preexistence is clearly spoken of, and this was revealed before the organization of this Church, and is a doctrine which was not in the possession of the Christian world;

hence, it shows that it was dictated by a Spirit capable of revealing a doctrine unknown to the Christian preexistence of man."world—the

It is another evidence of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, who was able to declare this glorious doctrine, made known to him in the translation of the Book of Mormon through the gift and power of God.—A.

The Picture With a Story For the contest, as explained in the August Improvement Era, we have received twentyeight contributions in verse. They are now in the

hands of the judges, and the awards will be made to the author of the poem deemed best, in their judgment, and also to the three authors who rank next in merit to that one. The four poems, with the picture,

will then be printed in the Era. No manuscripts will be returned.

Priesthood Quorums

General Conference

The Ninetyseventh Semiannual Conference of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City,

Utah, on Sunday, October 3, 1926, at 10 o'clock a. m., continuing with

sessions on Monday and Tuesday, October 4 and 5. The General Priesthood

meeting will be held at the Tabernacle on Monday night, October 4, at 7 o'clock.

The Salt Lake, Ensign, Liberty, Pioneer, Grant, Granite, Cottonwood,

Oquirrh and Jordan stakes are requested to hold their Fast Day meetings on

Sunday, October 10.

Missionary and other reunions should be so arranged as not to conflict with these appointments.

Heber J. Grant,

Anthony W. Ivins,

Charles W. Nibley,

First Presidency.

Renewal of Activity in the Work of Aaronic

Priesthood

The attention of the presiding officers in the stakes, wards and missions is directed to the necessity of renewed activity in the Aaronic Priesthood.

During the past Summer there has been a slackening, and in some cases an entire cessation, of meetings and of the activities of the members of this Priesthood. This is due in soma instances to the absence from home of

many boys and young men, as well as to the long hours of work in the farming communities during the Summer season, also in some instances to the prevailing vacation spirit. But with the coming of the Fall and Winter

there is need for the careful organization of the Priesthood to promote to the fullest the attendance, class work and activities. Supervision and direction of this work is of such importance that it is entitled to first consideration.

In connection therewith, and to secure the best results, the hour appointed for holding Priesthood meeting should be given careful consideration, in order that it may prove most convenient to the greatest number. Every

incentive should be offered all the members of the Aaronic Priesthood in the various wards and branches throughout the Church, to promote their greatest interest and activity in this important work.

It is, therefore, earnestly urged upon all who have responsibility for the Aaronic Priesthood that the plans and recommendations already presented be taken up and followed out systematically and vigorously, and every effort be made to bring everyone into active service. The Presiding Bishopric.

Changes in Officers

Th Presiding Bishopric report changes as follows during the month of August: Elder Reinhold Stoof was appointed mission president of the South

American mission, on the return of Elder Melvin J. Ballard. Elders Ballard

1196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and Pratt landed in New York from that mission in the early part of

September.

A new ward was organized in the Boise stake, the Ontario Independent

Branch having been made a ward, with Ernest L. Allen as bishop.

The Twin Falls First and Second wards were consolidated into one ward, with Roy Wood, formerly bishop of Kimberley ward, appointed bishop of Twin Falls ward. Neils Albert Olsen succeeded Roy Wood as

bishop of the Kimberley ward, Twin Falls stake.

Bishop Lewis W. Drake, of the Third ward, Burley stake, has gone

to England for an indefinite time, and Counselor Albert Harper, Burley,

Idaho, will take charge in the meantime.

A Cleansing Process By Annie G. Lauritzen

By means of the radio last night, I listened with interest to a treatment of the subject, "Concentration."Among the many pertinent statements

made, the following appealed to me with singular force: "We must acquire

the power to forget the past when trying to concentrate. To be able to do

this is really to make progress in life."The thought immediately occurred

to me, that this is exactly what living the Gospel of Jesus Christ does for those who rely upon the Lord as "The Rock of their salvation."He grants

men power to forget by a process that cleanses them from all sin, on condition of their repentance. To repent, in its practical phase, is to forsake

sin; and then through baptism, by obedience to which God grants full

forgiveness, or cleanses us of sin, one can logically forget the evil doings of the past, and face the future with a clean start; and not only forget our

own past, but the past also of others, that we might look upon them with tolerance and charity, for "He that will not forgive, in him lieth the greater sin."This cleansing from sin is necessary, in order to receive the gift of the

Holy Ghost, the power that helps to overcome evil and develops an understanding heart. Alkali land, as stated by another professor, will not produce

vegetation of worth until it has gone through a cleansing process, which process is to flood it with water. Likewise, the fruits of the spirit cannot

grow in the alkali of sin. Hence God has arranged a process in the application of which Christ, though sinless, set us the pattern in the

waters of Jordan, whereby we may be cleansed, and may forget the follies of the past, the strife and evils of the present, in our concentration upon the hope for the future. Thus the soul is prepared for the companionship of the Holy Ghost, which ever leads to growth, expansion, joy and

eternal life.

Oakland, California.

New Stake Organized A new stake was organized, Sept. 19, 1926, at a conference held at

McGill and Ely, Nevada, by President Rudger Clawson and Elder David O.

McKay. The new stake is formed out of the Nevada section of the North

Weber stake, and was named Nevada stake. It has a Church population

of 4,574 souls. It is bounded on the north by the north limits of Metropolis;

on the west by the California mission; on the east by the state line of

Nevada, and on the south by the Moapa Stake. Carl K. Conrad, of McGill,

was appointed president, with J. Fred Horlacker, Ely, and Richard F. Swallor,

counselors. This is the 96th stake of Zion, and consists of the following

wards: Lund, McGill, Metropolis, Preston, Ely, and Ruth, an independent

brand}.

M.-I. A. Slogan—19261927

We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith

As an aid to our officers and members in presenting this year's slogan at our regular weekly meeting, the Standards Committee will suggest material to be used for introductory settings for the slogan:

Our Heavenly Father has restored the Gospel of Jesus Christ to the earth through his servant, Joseph Smith.

Our Father is desirous that we should know this truth for ourselves.

He has given this testimony to hundreds of faithful Latterday Saints; and

the officers and members of the M. I. A. are very desirous that hundreds

more may receive this same blessing during the coming season. Let us, in the

first four evenings, dwell on How To Obtain A Testimony

1. "If we are to obtain a testimony of any truth, we must learn to

understand that truth; then we must practice it, and before and during the

study and practice, we must be in close communion with our Heavenly Father and pray to him for help. Thus by prayer, study and practice, the testimony

will come to us as an inspiration and gift from God."Elder John A.

Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve, in the August, 1926, Era.

2. "And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that

ye would ask God, the eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having

faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it to you, by the power of of Mormon, Moroni 10:4. the Holy Ghost."—Book

3. "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all

1:5. men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him."—James

4. "And I say unto you, ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye

shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you. For every one that

asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh itshall be 11:9, 10. opened."—Luke

"Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and it shall be opened unto you."

Doctrine and Covenants 4:7.

Credit For Reading the Book of Mormon

The efficiency report will contain the following instructions showing credits in the ward and stake:

Ward: If 10 per cent or more of the total membership of your ward

association have read 25 pages or more of the Book of Mormon this month, mark 10 in the proper space. If less, give figure nearest actual per cent.

Stake: If all the ward associations in your stake have reported ten per

cent of their members as having read 25 or more pages of the Book of

Mormon this month, place 10 in the proper space. If not all, give figures

nearest actual per cent.

1198 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Music and Drama on the M. I. A. YearRound

Program The music and dramatic presentations on our yearround program should be of the highest order. The different auxiliary organizations have

been pretty well traditioned in using the drama to help raise funds to care for the expenses of these associations. Laudable as this is, the M. I. A.

Committees on Recreation should remember that obtaining funds is not and should not be made the main purpose in M. I. A. productions. Plays and

operas should be chosen because of their excellence as highgrade entertainments, or as being vehicles for cultural and educational development, both for participants and listeners.

As Bulletin No. 6 puts it, the objectives of the dramatic urge for the adolescents are: i

To develop appreciation for the best dramatic literature.

To develop ability and appreciation for effective expression.

To develop sympathy for the various human types and characters through acting out their parts.

To create an understanding of human problems and perplexities.

To develop discriminative judgment for good art.

To create a gentler and more humane spirit.

People are.consciously or unconsciously affected by what they see on

the stage or screen, and, to a certain degree, shape their judgment and form their social standards accordingly. While there are serious financial questions

entering into the choice of a good drama or opera, as a result of the necessity of paying royalties, can we not "afford"to put on a play for the sake of the play and players, and "afford"to pay the price?

It should be an achievement worthy of the position we occupy, as standard bearers in the field of recreation, to produce, in a fine, artistic way, a play of the type, let us say, of The Builder of Bridges, by Sutro, and let it stand as our contribution to the community in the matter of fixing better standards in dramatic literature and play production.

The list of long, or threeact, plays on the M. I. A. yearround program are all royalty plays. Do not attempt to play them without arranging

with the publishers. The royalty is usually $25. However, if you put

your case up to the publishers, some concession may be obtained from them.

The list of nonroyalty operas found on the yearround program requiresthat a certain number of books be purchased to give right of production—

usually 15 to 18.

There are a few good nonroyalty plays. These, in the main, are plays

for which copyrights have expired and are what we speak of as "classics."

Most of them are difficult to produce, and are rather uninteresting to our modern adolescent; such, for example, as: Schools for Scandal, by Sheridan;

She Stoops to Conquer, Oliver Goldsmith; A Scrap of Paper, Sardon;

School and Caste, by T. W. Robertson. And also a few of the old school

of melodrama, such as: East Lynne, Mrs. Henry Wood; The Lady of Lyons,

Butwer Lytton; Damon and Pythias, John Bamin; The Iron Master, Olivet;

Harvest, Henry Hamilton; A Celebrated Case, D. Enney and Corman; The

Confederate Spy, W. E. Stedman; Still Waters Run Deep, and Our American

Cousin, by Tom Taylor.

Appreciation for the M. I. A. Handbook

Dr. E. A. Ross, of the University of Wisconsin, at the Summer

school of the Utah Agricultural College, in the course of his instructions in one of the class rooms, made the following statement, sent to us by Mr.

MUTUAL WORK 1199

Clarence E. Smith, principal of the Bear River High School. Asked if he

was willing that the Improvement Era should quote his statement, Dr. Ross

replied:; '..";

"I am very willing to be quoted as my words were quoted to you and reproduced in your letter. I am glad to recognize the fine feeling for the

needs of young people which the leaders of the L. D. S. Church show."

This is what he stated in the class room. It is a splendid encouragement

to our peoples'organizations and to our leaders, in their struggles for the welfare and advancement of the young people of our communities:

"I want to give you some of my impressions of Utah, as a sociologist.

I am, first of all, very favorably impressed with the 'Mormon'Church. I

don't know any other place where the young people are so well provided for as here in this state. I don't understand how the 'Mormon'Church got

the idea of providing so well for the recreational and social needs of people so much earlier than we sociologists got the idea. The Church was away

ahead of us in making this discovery. I have never met so many fine young

people as I have met here in Utah. The 'Mormon'people have been decidedly

misunderstood in the East."

Dr. E. C. Branson, of the University of North Carolina, in a class of

the Summer school of the Utah Agricultural College, also made this statement commending our M. I. A. workers, and has permitted its publication:

"I wish to call your attention to a piece of literature I am just now going through. Two of the choicest pieces of literature in all my collection

are the Hand Books of the Young Men's and the Young Women'sofUtah—theypamphlets on Church work with young people I have found here in

Mutual Improvement Associations."

Drs. Ross and Branson are assured of our appreciation of their kind

and friendly expressions.

What To Do In October Stake and ward secretaries will give attention to the reports required on the Efficiency Report. The Reading Course should be kept track of;

all the reading done in October should be recorded, so that when called for the secretaries may have the information necessary to make a complete report.

By this time the Reading Course should be at its height.

This is the month to give attention to class leaders. Proper class leadership means a successful year for the M. I. A. All class leaders should be

supplied with Manuals and be ready to provide each of the members of their classes with one.

The Slogan should be introduced at each meeting and presented as a preliminary exercise. We call attention to the statement of the Standards

Committee, with quotations and statement, appropriate for the introduction of the slogan for the four weeks of this month.

Secretaries: It is very important that each association shall have a

live, dependable secretary, who is alert in his business, and who is willing and able to give proper attention to every detail that should be presented to the officers of the association or the stake. It is very important that superintendents shall keep their secretaries informed, check them up and see that the

work is done.

The Membership Committee should be hard at work enlisting members for the association, taking suggestions from the Hand Book, or from their experience, and enlisting all the young men and young women who are eligible for membership in the Mutual Improvement Associations.

The associations have excellent programs this year, in all divisions of the work, enough to interest any aspiring young man or young woman.

1200 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Subscription Lists and Canvass for the Improvement Era To Ward President or Ward Era Agent:

Deat Brother: We have forwarded, through the stake superintendent,

the list of Improvement Era subscribers as they appear on our record for with the November number, 1926.

Please make a thorough canvass of your ward; secure a renewal of each

subscription on the list. A thorough canvass of your ward will bring the

necessary new subscribers. Secure 5% or more of your Church population,

and we will be pleased to remit 25c on each subscription to you. Forward

your list to this office as promptly as possible with cash in payment of same, as all Era subscriptions are now on a strictly cash basis.

This work should be completed by October 3 1. Many of our associations made this canvass in September in order to take up other important

matters at the beginning of the season's work in October.

We are grateful for the loyal support given us for Volume 29, and wish to thank all those who contributed to this most worthy work. Kindly

accept in advance our appreciation for your services in making the new volume successful.

Sincerely your brethren, General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.

By Oscar A. Kirkham.

New Stake Y. M. M. I. A. Superintendents

Since the former statement in the July number of the Improvement

Era, the following new superintendents have been appointed:

B. Simmons, Manti, vice Charles G. Braithwaite. South Sanpete—Elmer

D. Salisbury, Preston, Idaho, vice Wilford H. Bingham. Oneida—Norman

B. Borup, Boise, Idaho, vice Charles R. Gambling. Boise—Charles

C. Stutznegger, Shelley, Idaho, vice Floyd G. Kelley. Shelley—J. Portneuf—Wm.

Jen;en, Driggs, Idaho, vice Leon M. Strong. Teton—John HenryJ. Brady, Arimo, Idaho, vice Leo Hansen.

For the new Lyman stake,. Geo H. Crosby, Jr., Green River, Wyoming, superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Larsen, Long Beach, California, Chamber of Commerce, Los Angeles—J. David

vice J.Cache—AlmaA. Rasmussen.

Campbell, Rupert, Idaho, vice David G. Hyde. Minidoka—CharlesSonne,N.First Nat. Bank, Logan, vice Francis M. Young.

Jensen, Mt. Pleasant, Utah, vice John F. Mower, North Sanpete—Seymour

appointed bishop, Mt. Pleasant North ward.

Western States—Ralph

Irwin Rudle, Cedar City, Utah, vice Thomas Gordon Smith. Parowan—Isaac F. Giles, 53 8 E. 7th Ave., Denver, Colorado.

Angeles, California. California Mksion—Rulon A. Snow, 153 W. Adam, Los

Y. M. M. I. A. Officers'Meeting

A special meeting of the superintendents and other stake and ward officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement associations will be held in the assembly hall of the Bishops'Building on Sunday morning, October 3, 1926, beginning at 8 a. m. All Y. M. M. I. officers and members of

stake presidencies and ward bishoprics are especially invited to be present.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, Richard R. Lyman,

Melvin J. Ballard,

General Superintendency.

MUTUAL WORK 1201

Successful Outing in Maricopa The Maricopa stake M. I. A. held their outing of fathers and sons

at Granite Dell's, Prescott, Arizona, July 23 to 25. Notwithstanding the

distance drawback, the attendance was approximately one hundred and fifty, and the outing was voted the best ever held. Prescott is 140 miles away

from Mesa, but all decided it was not too far, and it was a fine place to go.

The people in the Maricopa stake are handicapped for accessible Summer campsites. Superintendent Stapley says: "We followed the outline of the

General Board on Fathers and Sons'Outings. The small folder of directions

is a splendid credit to the General Board; a wonderful help in the conduct of

the outing. The spirit of our company was splendid; and how they did work

to win. The days were filled with activity; and twice daily the old swimming hole received a large delegation. Besides games, we had Nature hikes,

swimming tests, scout exercises, etc. The campfire exercises were especially

fine. The fathers were in for showing the boys a good time, and the

Sunday Morning Session in Fathers and Sons'Outing. Maricopa Stake

spirit and splendid feeling of the camp could not be surpassed. All remained

practically through the entire threeday camp, returning home on the fourth day, Monday. Those in charge of Granite Dell's invited us back, stating

that we were the best and finest disciplined group that had visited there.

Eight stake board members were present, and Brother John Cummard, of the stake presidency, gave splendid support by being present, helping in all the activities."

Pleased With the "Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook"

George E. Schlafer, Assistant Professor of Physical Education at the

University of Indiana, writes on receipt of a copy of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Handbook "I wish to thank you for this booklet. I consider it most excellent

for the purpose for which it is intended. It contains a helpful compilation

of games, programs and much information of much value to a play and recreational director."

1202 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Missionaries Safe

Pestilence is following in the wake of the hurricane that devastated

Florida towns. On September 18, it was feared that tetanus would break out,

and requests for large quantities of antitoxin were made on September 20, by physicians. Dr. Charles H. Mann, chairman of the state board of health

at Fort Lauerdale, declared that the conditions in the stricken area were horrible beyond description. Famine was rampant and many injured had

died of thirst.

President Charles. A. Callis of the Southern States mission reported

September 20, to the First Presidency, that there were no L. D. S. missionaries in the stricken area.

American Legion Home The home of the American Legion, at Fillmore, Utah, is a structure 40 by 60 feet, in its principal room, and is built of logs, each one of which has been purchased for $5 by Legion members and citizens of Millard county.

American Legion Lodge, Fillmore, Utah

The large hall is octagonal in shape and contains two large fireplaces which are to be the memorials to the dead of the county. The fronts of these

fireplaces are to be covered by specimens of ore of the vicinity, which will give them a peculiar brilliance and beauty, and above each one will be a marble slab, on which will be carved the names of the boys who lost their lives in the World War. A side room, off from the main hall, contains the

beginning of what is to be a museum of war relics and other items of local interest. For instance, they have at the present time a loaf of bread from

cliff dwellings in Arizona. In the basement are kept the cooking utensils

and other equipment. The hall is to be a social center for the Legion members of the county. Lowry Nelson, Provo, Utah.

Fathers and Sons'Outing, Ensign Stake

The annual Fathers and Sons'Outing of the Ensign stake was held this year on the 13th and 14th of August. The upper picture shows the

Fathers and Sons'Outing company on Snake Creek Canyon; and the lower

picture, a company on the trail, near the divide between Snake Creek and

MUTUAL WORK 1203 Big Cottonwood canyons. Note Professor E. E. Erickson, of the General

Board and the University of Utah, in the lead; Dr. T. Fred Hardy of the

Twentyseventh ward Bishopric in the rear. The photos were taken by

John D. Giles, superintendent of the Ensign stake Y. M. M. I. A. Needless

to say, they had a good time.

Photo by John D. Giles.

Top: Ensign Fathers and Sons'Onting, Snake Creek Canyon, August 1314.

Bottom Near divide. Snake Creek and Cottonwood Canyons. Dr. E. E. Erickson

in lead, 27th Ward Bishopric in rear.

1204 IMPROVEMENT ERA The Program On Recreation By F. C. Steele, Lethbridge Stake Recreational Chairman

(Delivered at the Lethbridge Stake M. I. A. Convention)

The Church of Jesus Christ is a living, progressive, divinely guided institution. That it is abreast of and even forging ahead of the times is

evidenced in the forwardlooking recreational program devised by the general boards and handed on to the stake and ward M. I. A. organizations

throughout the Church to be carried into effect.

Ours is the responsibility of leadership in this growing field of service in human progress and happiness. We have the plan. It is now our task

to create the machinery to carry into effect this plan. The product will be

a better generation of men and women, equipped in mind, body and soul for that world leadership which will come to the Latterday Saints.

by Americans I also mean Canadians, for our As Americans—and

nations are closely have been accused of worshipping at the interwoven—we

stocks, speed, adding machines, skyshrine of material success—money,

scrapers, quantity production. Europeans say we have not time to enjoy

though some of its asleisurelymachine—thethe expression of the spiritual and cultural instincts. And yet this civilization that we have created—ugly

pects may be, has its compensations and is destined to become a soulbuilder and not that soulkiller it has been pictured. It will enable us to earn larger

incomes in shorter hours and to stake out larger periods for leisure in our lives. i i I ) '

The problem that faces us is to make an intelligent use of that leisure, for already our civilization has given us an increasing measure of it. What

shall we do with those hours after the tasks at office, factory or on the farm are finished for the day? How shall we capitalize our leisure? Further,

how shall we give to our youth that social and cultural opportunity they crave? i I!

Our recreational program solves that problem, as President Hart remarked on his visit to our convention: "It will be effective because it is

urges which must be recognized."based on scientific principles—fundamental

Some churches, as a leader in our own city told me only this week, bury their eyes like the ostrich to dangers which might be escaped. The powerful

emotional urges of youth, such as the dance and the drama, by some denominations have been looked upon with suspicion. Not so with the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Our whole recreational system is based

on these natural instincts.

is not difficult to understand or to Now as to the program itself—it

it. operate. We have been afraid of it because we have not understood

This lack of understanding, I take it, has been the root of most of our difficulties. Hence, the need of becoming informed, and in this connection

I can do no better than to recommend most strongly the Y. M. M. I. A.

thorough andHandbook and Recreation, the official recreation guide—two

practical guides to M. I. A. work. One cannot be a good M. I. A. worker

without them.

Organization General Churchwide supervision of this program is vested in the general boards. They have set up standards and an outline of work and

passed it on to the stakes and wards.

In turn the stake and ward authorities have been instructed by the general authorities to set up machinery to carry into effect the program. It

I. A. is one of the MAJOR ACTIVITIES OF THE M.

The stake committee consists of four members, two from each board.

One, usually one of the brethren, is chosen as chairman, They guide and

MUTUAL WORK 1205

supervise the work under the stake president and ward bishops throughout the stake, as both in the stake and ward the old social committee has been scrapped. a chairman. The ward organization is identical—four members with

They are executive members of the M. I. A. and shall work and cooperate

with the bishopric. A conference of the committee, the bishopric and the

heads of auxiliaries, shall be held early in the season for the purpose of formulating a yearround program. (Follow the suggested outline as closely

as possible, to suit local conditions.) The program suggested by the general

board is an excellent one embodying, as it does, social ventures for every organization in the fully organized ward.

Let me stress the need for standardization in our work. This is

urgently needed if our recreational program is to become a vital, winning, and holding arm of our Church organization.

It is needless to say that the work of the stake and ward committees must be divided among the members of the committee, for the child, the adolescent and the adult. Recognition must be given to the varying ages,

inclinations and capabilities of the ward membership. If this organization

has not been effected, lose no more time. NOW IS THE TIME to prepare

for the 192627 season. Let's make it a banner one.

Finance given rise to all sorts of complications in some As to finance—this has

wards. But why should it be difficult? The plan is simple as the suggestion

of the general authorities indicates. I read from the Handbook the fundamental principles of the financial division of this program:

"So far as finances are concerned, we naturally expect recreation to pay its own way. Indeed, we are perfectly willing that it shall do more than that, since wc

recognize that each of the auxiliary organization:;, including such other organizations

as the priesthood quorums, ward choirs, etc., are in need of funds, and have been

in the habit in the past of raising funds from recreation. While we do not hold

out the securing of money as the chief objective in recreation, it h a minor objective, and we are perfectly willing that funds shall be raised from this source.

Therefore, we have suggested the PARTIALBUDGET SYSTEM which provides that onehalf of the profit from each of thece several entertainments be given to the organization that is introducing the entertainment, and the other half to go into a common fund, known as the ward recreation fund, to be disposed of by a council of the bishopric, the heads of auxiliary organizations and the M. I. A. Committee on

Recreation."

Do not use these funds for other purposes. If a group gives a social

they must finance it themselves.

Activities The types of activities are many. I can only mention them here,

exhorting my coworkers to a serious, prayerful study of the Handbook and

Recreation. They are your chart and compass. During the coming year

we desire to see carried out in our stake a revived, standardized, highly socialized program. We must win every member of the ward, old and

young, to this work. Surely, the program is broad enough in its appeal to>

attract all.

Maintain Church standards, which means the best standards known to our modern civilization. If those standards are maintained we will have a

measure of success which will amaze us. The possibilities are unlimited in

the activities we as a committee recommend to you, with modification to suit your local conditions decided upon after consultation with your stake leaders. Home parties, banquets and receptions, contests, debating, drama,

public speaking, story telling and dramatic reading, pageantry, dancing, Summer-resort parties, motion picture standards and physical activities and sports require careful supervision.

1206 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Current Events

A Study for the M. I. A. Advanced Senior Classes

19261927

(Prepared by the Advanced Senior Committee)

LESSONS FOR OCTOBER, 1926 I—POLITICS AND INDUSTRY

Local Topic. 1. United States Land Policy—How it Affects Utah.

Under the Enabling Act, Utah was granted sections 2, 16, 32, 36 in every township in the state, and where such sections or any parts thereof had been sold or otherwise disposed of by or under the authority of any act of congress, other lands equivalent thereto were granted to the state for the support of the common schools. From statehood (Jan. 4, 1896) to the

decision of the supreme court of the United States in the Sweet case (Jan.

28, 1918), the people of Utah believed that these sections, no matter what their character, belonged to them and that eventually their common schools would be well supported from the income derived from the proceeds of sales of those lands.

1. What wat the decision of the Supreme Court in the United States vs. Sweet

case? 2. How does it affect Utah? 3. What is the offer proposed by the Government for lands taken from the state? 4. Why is this proposition not favorable?

5. Why is it unfair to Western States. 6. Who determines whether land belongs

to the Government or to the State? What is inconsistent about the State's having

to prove whether land i,: nonmineral or not? 8. What was the intention of the

Government in giving these sections in every township to the state? 9. Is it failing

in its benevolent purpose by its decision in the Sweet ca:e? 10. What can be done

to remedy the precent law in favor of the states? (See Salt Lake Tribune, Aug. 29,

1926; also articles by Governor Dern.)

2. Stabilization of Currency—Problems in France Today.

Taxation has been considered by many as the real issue in France today, i. e., that the reluctance of the French to bear the burdens of taxation is the

trouble. Not so. Taxation there has doubtless reached the point of maximum yield and new taxes would diminish, not increase, revenue. The real

question she is wrestling with today is the issue of stabilization.

1. What does this mean? 2. How would this affect the value of the Franc?

3. How would it affect Government securities before and after the war? 4. What

class of people would be injured mo:t? Why? 5. What would be the effect upon

orices in France? Upon export trade? 6. Must stabilization eventually come about?

7. Name and discuss some other economic problems France muct ultimately meet.

''See Salt Lake Tribune, July 19, Aug. 28. 192 6—Articles by Frank H. Simonds.)

3. Cancellation of Our European Debts.

The European thesis on the American debt is that it should be cancelled as our contribution to the winning of the war, i. e., America, in all equity,

should give her money as the Europeans gave their blood.

1. What was the economic status between America and Europe prior to the

World War? 2. What is the economic status now? 3. What has brought this

fhange in status? 4. Was the war in any sense America's as it was Europe's?

5. If European countries pay up how much would we receive and where would it

come from? 6- How would this affect our debtors? 7. What is claimed for the

cancellation of our war loans? 8. Discuss the principle of cancellation, pro and con.

(See The Independent, Aug. 21, 1926 p. 217, Article by Charles R. Walker.)

II—RELIGIOUS AND SOCIAL MOVEMENTS

The greatest Catholic gathering of modern times was the 28th InterMUTUAL WORK 1207

national Eucharistic Congress, held at Chicago, June 20 to 24, 1926. The

general theme was, "The Eucharist and Christian Life."For the final

openair meeting nearly a million persons were gathered together.

1. What is the Catholic doctrine of the EucharLt? 2. What is the purpose

of the Eucharistic Congress? 3. In what respects is this Catholic congress like, or

unlike, our SemiAnnual Conference? 4. What is significant in the fact that

Catholics are (or are not) increasing faster than the general population? (See

Current History, August, 1?26, p. 686.)

A Korean tribunal recently sentenced a Seventhday Adventist missionary to three years in jail because he painted, with silver nitrate, the word "thief"on the cheeks of a native boy who stole.

1. Who are the Seventhday Adventists? 2. What are their doctrines? 3.

Should one regard the act described as that of a sectarian or a zealot? 4. How far

should any missionary go in judging the lives and the conduct of those among whom he labon? (See Time, Aug. 9, 1926, p. 19.)

Other current topics: Drinking among younger generation. (Literary Digest.)

ExKaiser expresses himself on the Jewish religion. (Current History.) Theory

of Evolution excluded from school books in Texas. (Literary Digest.) Protestant

churches in Canada unite. (Literary Digest.)

That Christianity has help for the here and now is shown by the work of the missionary of today. He aids in wiping out pestilence, putting

down the slave trade, improving agriculture, and in establishing and maintaining schools and hospitals.

1. Point out definite reforms effected by missionaries. 2. What is the changed

attitude regarding the function of the church and its membership? 3. Show that

this is in harmony with New Testament teachings. (See Literary Digest, August

21, 1926, pp. 34, 35.)

Mother Alphonsa Lathrop, the youngest daughter of Nathaniel Hawthorne, has given singular love and service to mankind. She gave up "a

career, family, a life of comfort,"to devote herself to those suffering from incurable cancer who were too poor to pay for service and attention.

1. Tell of her ministrations. 2. Tell of the honor that came to her after her

seventyfifth birthday had passed. (See Literary Digest, July 31, 1926, p. 3 5.)

Step by step prohibition is gaining ground. The ethics of the moving

picture industry made a decided step forward when it was decided voluntarily to exclude from the movies anything that makes light of the prohibition law and of law in general.

1. Why has the struggle to enforce the prohibition law been so difficult?

2. Give some of the comment: of leading papers on the stand to exclude from the

movies anything that makes light of the prohibition law and of law in general.

3. Show the valuable ethics in this stand. 4. What will be the value of this since

the moving picture public is said to be the largest public in the world? (See Literary

Digest, August, 7. pp. 28, 29.)

It is said that AntiSemitism is increasing over all the world. In

Germany it is estimated that threefourths of the people are antagonistic to the Jews.

1. What is the reason for AntiSemitism? 2. Suggest remedies. (See

Literary Digest, June 12, pp. 30, 31.)

America's religious life is not appealing to the students of the Orient.

Christianity has been presented to them in their own lands, but their observations have rarely led them to accept it.

1. Give definite critici ms of Oriental students. 2. According to an

Indian student, on what three motives is American life founded? 3. Show that

these are not in harmony with Christ's basic teaching. (See Literary Digest, September 4. pp. 30, 31.)

1208 IMPROVEMENT ERA

III—SCIENCE AND INVENTION

Mental tests show that Indians prefer red to all other colors; that, with

education, this preference for red gives way to a first preference for blue and a secondary preference for red; that whites prefer blue and that, with an

advance in education, there is a corresponding dislike for all colors except blue, which never loses the place of preference. What conclusion may be

arrived at as to the relation of color and culture?

In morality tests the Chinese were found to be more honest than the

Anglo Saxons. What does this discovery reveal concerning the long existence

of the Chinese nation? Civilizations have come and gone; nations have

risen and fallen, but China has survived. Why? Discuss the proposition:

China has outlived other nations under the law of the "Survival of the fittest."Read "Race Psychology,"by Prof. Thomas A. Garth, Scientific

Monthly, September, 1926, page 240.

We are having steel houses that cannot rust, furniture that will not gather dust, and windows that will not break, wearing clothes of silken softness made of wood, and we are promised much more in an article, "The

Synthetic House of Tomorrow,"by Gerald Went in The Reader's Digest,

September 19, 1926, page 285.

Where is the most interesting spot on earth? From a scientific point

of view, it is in Arizona. Why is it the most interesting spot? How large

is it? How long has it been discovered? What is a meteor? What is the

unmistakable evidence that the "spot"was made by a meteor?

In the light of the sayings of Joseph Smith, how is the M. I. A. slogan

for this year reinforced by the following:

"A recent letter from Mr. Barringer says: 'Aside from all prospect

of financial reward, the further exploration of the crater will certainly be of great value, for it will afford evidence which can not be disregarded as to the manner in which our solar system has been built up. It will go far

toward proving the most modern theory of how heavenly bodies have been destroyed and how new ones built up out of fragments floating in space for eons of time'."Literary Digest, August 14, 1926, page 21.

How can automobile speed be automatically controlled? Literary Digest, August 7, 1926, page 23. Why is there no danger of an oil famine? Literacy Digest,

September 4, 1926, page 23. What is your opinion concerning the invention called

the "AntiMasher,"described in Time, August 30, 1926, page 16. Tell of the

putting out of a light twelve miles away by singing Deseret News, September 7, 192 6. What invention is doing most for education today? Which of all inventions

has done most to help the housewife? What scientific discovery is doing most

toward victory over disease?

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles Selected by a Coancil of Librarians,

August, 1926 1. "How Did We Get That Way?"James Harvey Robinson Harpers. 2.

"The New Tammany,"Gustavus Meyers Century. 3. "Grover Cleveland,"Edgar

Lee Masters American Mercury. 4. "A Temperamental Journey,"A. Edward Newton Atlantic. 5. "Prohibition in the Long Run."Sir Arthur Newsholme Survey

Graphic. 6. "The New Secession,"Langdon Mitchell Atlantic. 7. "Home,"by

a returning American Atlantic. 8. "Traveling Intelligently in America,"Henry

Seidel Canbey Scribner's. 9. "The Gift of One Common Tongue,"J. C. Breckinridge Survey Graphic. 10. "The Morals of College Journalism,"E. C. Hopwood—

'Scribner's.

Reports by class members on the above articles would constitute an excellent basis of discussion for the open forum night (the fourth night in the month.)

Note: These subjects are only suggestive. If classes wish to take up

other topics they are at liberty to dp p by notifying their officers and the

General Boards, for approval, Ernest Vierkoetter, from Cologne, swam across the Channel, Aug. 30,

in 12 hours and 42 minutes, beating Gertrude Ederle's record by 1 hour 41 minutes, which she made on August 6.

Admiral Coundouriotis resumed \his office as president of the republic of

Greece, on Aug. 26, from which position he was ousted about a year ago

by General Pangalos. Condylis was made prime minister, and Pangalos was

sent to a prison on the island of Crete.

Earthquake partly destroyed the town of Horta, capital of the island of Fayal, of the central group of the Azores, Aug 31, 1926. The first

shock occurred about 11 a.m. This was followed by a series of shocks,

some of a minor nature, which affected both Fayal and (the neighboring islands, accompanied by a tidal wave that swept the small village of Feteira.

The killed and wounded are estimated at 50. Later reports sav 25 were

killed.

Commander John Rogers, who was killed in an airplane accident, Aug.

27, 1926, was buried Aug. 31, in Arlington National cemetery, with military

honors. A year ago he set out from San Francisco to attempt a flight to

Hawaii, which ended in failure. He was just ending a flight from the

Anacostia field and was trying to land, when he dropped into shallow water of the Delaware river. He was taken to the hospital of the Philadelphia

navy yard, where he died.

A Plane parachute is the invention of Henry A. Douchett, of the U.

S. Navy. It is an immense umbrella, spreading 274 yards of silk. It was

tested Aug. 25, at Los Angeles and declared to be a complete success. It

will make aviation, it was said, absolutely safe. The test consisted in letting

an airplane with its pilot fall from a height of 2,500 feet. The plane made

a socalled "pancake"landing. Part of the undercarriage was} broken and a

propeller blade snapped, but the pilot was safe. The experiment was witnessed by 25,000 spectators.

A revolution was nipped in the bud when General Enrique Estrada, former war minister in Mexico, and over one hundred followers were captured by American authorities near the Mexican border. Several trucks and

a large amount of rifles, machine guns and ammunition were seized at

Dulzura, 35 miles east of San Diego and 3 miles from, the Mexican border.

The charge against Estrada is violation of the law prohibiting the organization of a military movement against a friendly country. It is not known whether

or not the movement had the support of Catholic patriots.

Earthquake shocks in England were felt on Aug. 15, 1926, in many

places, including Birmingham, Worcester, Northampton, Wolverhampton,

Leonminster, Ludlow, Hereford, Bristol, Bath, Reading and Peterborough.

The shocks were (particularly heavy in Birmingham and Hereford. The

first idea of the people in Birmingham was that an explosion had occurred in the manufacturing district. In some places ceilings and walls cracked and

telephone and church bells rang. Many persons rushed to the streets when

they heard the furniture in their homes creaking and saw pictures on the walls swinging, and for hours feared to return indoors.

Rudolph Valentino died, Aug. 23, 1926, of blood poisoning, following an operation for appendicitis. He was born in a small Italian village,

May 6, 1895, came to America in 1913, drifted west, got an engagement 1210 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at a moving picture studio, and soon became famous, thanks to the young ladies, as a "sheik."Although he belonged to a church that frowns on

divorces and pays high honor to single life, he was married and divorced twice, and, as the newspapers said, was about to take a third wife. But he

died a good Catholic. After the extreme unction and the sacrament, he had

a crucifix held to his lips, as the spirit reluctantly left the earthly tabernacle.

Wm. Hoivell Mclntyre, veteranrancher and property owner, passed

away at his residence in Salt Lake City, Aug. 20, 1926, after a brief illness!

He was born in Texas, March 19, 1848, and came to Utah when five years of age, in company with his mother, stepfather and two brothers, Robert and

Samuel. The family settled first in Salt Lake City, but went, later, to St.

George. At the age of 17, William started freighting, and made several

trips to what is now Long Beach, California. Later in life he became interested in stock raising and mining, and he was so successful in these lines

that at his death he,was considered the largest individual property owner in the state. I

The Locarno treaties of security and arbitration became operative Sept, 14, 1926, when the ratification of all the signatories were deposited with the Secretariate of the League of Nations. The representatives of the six

interested nations assembled in the office of Sir Eric Drummond, the league secretary general, and attached their signatures to a protocol affirming the deposit and registration of the treaties. Afterward congratulations were

exchanged. Those taking part in the ceremony were Sir Austen Chamberlain, Great Britain; Foreign Minister Briand, France; Foreign Minister

Stresemann, Germany; Signor Scialoia, Italy; M. De Brouckere, Belgium,

and M. Zaleski, Poland.

U. S. Senator Reed Smoot was given a rousing reception at the Utahna

Gardens, Provo, Utah, Aug. 26, as a welcome home. Many friends from

Salt Lake City and other places joined the people of his home town in expressions of friendship and confidence. In his speech the Senator reviewed

the changes that have come during the years he has been in the senate, saying that in the last twenty years the United States had advanced to world leadership financially, morally and spiritually. He said that, although every

step taken by the United States during and since the war has been to advance the peoples of the world to contentment, prosperity and confidence, this country had been bitterly and unjustly criticized. He predicted another

world war, and warned against a state of unpreparedness.

Glen G. Van Wagonen, born in Provo, June 27, 1899; died in Provo,

Aug. 7, 1926, aged 27 years. A. B. of B. Y. U. at 20; teacher in Provo,

Heber and Hinckley high schools; member of Columbia Orchestra, Provo City

Elks Band and Epperson Military Band of Salt Lake City; teacher of violin

and flute, Provo; served 28 months in GermanSwiss mission; served in the

training camps of California during world war; member faculty B. Y. U. for

two years; at time of death was to take position as principal of Milford

High School at salary of $250 per month.

So young, so clean, so careful of the moment:,

Not one in idleness to pass you by;

So fitted for an earnest, helpful manhood!

Was it your time to die? Louise Foster.

William J. Harris, a grandson of Hyrum Smith, the brother of the

Prophet Joseph, passed away at his home in Provo, Utah, Aug. 24, 1926,

67 years of age. He was born in Salt Lake City, Aug. 4, 1859, the son of

William J. and Martha Ann Smith Harris. Since he was 1 1 years old,

when he, with his parents, moved to Provo, he has lived there. His wife

is Jessie L. Freckleton, of Eureka, whom he married Dec. 22, 1 882. \ In

PASSING EVENTS 1211

addition to his widow, Mr. Harris is survived by the following sons and

daughters: Joseph F., John E., Rulon S. and LeGrand Harris, all of Provo;

Mrs. Ruby Checketts of Brigham City, Wilford L. Harris of Los Angeles,

Mrs. Bessie Thompson of Idaho Falls, Mrs. Ada Duffin and Mrs. Alice Bray

of Eureka; also twentynine grandchildren, two brothers and four sisters.

Wool facts give Utah high rank. Sixty per cent of the total wool crop

of the United States is produced in the eleven western states, and in this group Utah holds third place, being outranked by only Wyoming and

Montana. These facts are disclosed by a special wool report recently submitted by the federal bureau of agricultural economics to Prof. William

Peterson, director of the Utah Agricultural Experiment Station and the

Agricultural College Extension Service. The total United States clip for

1926 is given by the federal statisticians as 269,054,000 pounds as against 253,907,000 pounds for 1925, a difference of 15,147,000 pounds more this year than last. Utah and Idaho, among all states of the Union, tied for

third place in average weight of fleece in 1926. Each average 9.0 pounds

per fleece, against 9.2 for Oregon and 9.1 for Washington. The average

for the eleven western states was 8.1 for 1926 as against 8.4 for 1925. The

average for the United States was 7.79 in 1926 and 7.8 in 1925. The

South Atlantic States averaged lowest in 1926, with 5.1 pounds per fleece,

compared with 7.4 for the North Atlantic, \7. 9 for the North Central, and

6.9 for the South Central.

Miami, Fla., was devastated by the most destructive hurricane in the

history of the State, September 18, 1926. Other towns in the stricken area

are Miami Beach, Homestead, Little River, Lemon City, Hialeah, Miami

Shores, Coral Gables, Ojus, Hallandle, Hollywood Davie Dania, Fort Lauderdale, Prospecto, Florando, Pompeno, Deerfield, and West Palm Beach. The

property loss is estimated at $125,000,000, and the loss of life is placed at over 1,000, while thousands are homeless and destitute. The wind blew

at the rate of 145 miles an hour, sweeping everything before it. Hundreds

of small craft lining river banks at Miami and adjacent cities were sunk without a moment's warning, or crushed like egg shells when the fury of the storm struck inland after razing Miami Beach and Miami Shores. Tops

of houses were strewn about the exclusive residential district of Brickneli avenue at Miami, and prominent citizens and their wives ran amok into the sea to escape flying ash cans and royal palm trees, tossed about as if mere sheets of paper.

Cooperative marketing in Canada. The fanners in the three prairie

provinces of Western Canada have one of the largest cooperative marketing systems in the world, which is represented by the Canadian Cooperative

Wheat Producers, Ltd. The movement was started in 1923, under the

direction of H. W. Wood, when the Alberta Weat Pool was organized,

and handled that year thirtyfour million bushels of wheat. The success of

the Alberta pool caused the Manitoba and Saskatchewan farmers to organize similar pools, and during the year 1924 a conference of the directors of the three western wheat pools was called, and a central agency established to handle the wheat of the three pools. Ninety million bushels of the 1924

crop were handled through this agency. The outgrowth of the central

agency was the Canadian Wheat Producers, Ltd., which handled two hundred

million bushels of the 1925 crop. The wheat pools are exporting wheat to

all the great wheat markets of the world, and are rapidly acquiring elevators to facilitate the handling of the wheat, having now more than six hundred in the three prairie provinces, also terminalelevator space of twenty million bushels. E. Pingree Tanner.

What it costs to maintain the state governments in the 48 states of the

Union is shown in figures published by the department of commerce, Washing1212 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ton. For the fiscal period closing Jan. 31, 1926, or the first fiscal period closing prior to that date, the expense amounted to $1,035,478,035. This includes apportionment for education, and bonus for soldiers in 21 states. This

is $9.20 per capita. In Utah the expenses for the same period were 7,611,-

204, or $15.48 per capita. In 1924 the comparative perjcapita for maintenance and operation of general departments in Utah was $13.02, and in

1917, $8.41. The interest on debt amounted to $468,089; and outlays for

permanent improvements, $2, 501, 597. The total payments, therefore for

expenses of general departments, interest, and outlays were $10,580,890.

The totals include all payments for the year, whether made from current revenues or from proceeds of bond issues. Of the governmental costs reported

above, $3,152,849 was for highways, $829,982 being for maintenance and $2,324, 867 for construction. The total revenue receipts were $10,811,-

835, or $21.98 per capita. This was $2,735,542 more than the total payments for the year, exclusive of the payments for permanent improvements,

and $230,945 more than the total payments including those for permanent improvements.

Water Core and Internal Browning. In a circular issued by the Utah

Agricultural Experiment Station, under date of September 11, 1926, attention is called to a disappointing condition in apples, known as "water core."This

is the combination of two browning and water core troubles—internal

apparently associated with each other, and easily confused. They are brought

about by practically the same conditions and yield to similar treatment, and are classed under the one name. Water core in Utahgrown Jonathans is

a serious handicap to the marketing of the crop, as apples thus affected are not permitted to pass the U. S. grades, and interstate shipments have been

condemned. Similar but less trouble has been experienced with Delicious,

Winesap, Staymen, Spitzenburg and other varieties. The most successful

method found, thus far, for preventing the trouble is to pick the apples before this condition starts; and if water core is to be avoided this year, the

picking of Jonathan and Delicious must begin very soon. The Utah Agricultural Experiment Station has begun some preliminary studies of apples

in Cache, Boxelder and Weber counties, for the purpose of working out accurate picking indexes. Anyone interested may get a copy of the circular

referred to, and other valuable information on the subject, by writing to the

Experiment Station at Logan, Utah.

One of the largest pumping plants in the West has been installed by the Park Utah Consolidated Mines Co. This new pumping plant constitutes

an innovation in handling mine water and is more than a duplication at the old Ontario mine. The famous Cornish pump of the Ontario mine, purchased in 1881 at a cost of $137,000 and installed at a total expense of

$750,000, was the largest of its type ever set up in the United States. It

had a flywheel 35 feet in diameter, weighing fifty tons. Its high pressure

cylinders were 38% inches in diameter and its low pressure 70 inches. The

1500foot pump rod consisted of Oregon fir 1 6 by 16 inches, cut in 100foot sections. Each section was united by a one by teninch strap iron 35

feet long, specially rolled and made in Norway out of Norway iron. Balance

bobs to counterbalance the enormous weight of this pump rod were put in at intervals of 400 feet down the shaft. Th monster engine was set up on

a fortyfoot deep foundation. Over 7000 cubic yards of masonry work

was done in installing the pump. The pumping plant in the 1800 level of

the ParkUtah, just put in operation, will handle approximately three times as much water as the old Colossus of the '80s. It is housed in a station 28

by 35 feet. The pump and engine room of the Cornish pump was 58 by

48 feet. The operation of the new pump is practically automatic, while the

Cornish pump required the constant attention of a "small army"of pumpmen, engineers, firemen and mechanics.

PASSING EVENTS 1213

Germany entered the League of Nations, Sept. 8, 1926, by unanimous

vote of the Assembly, in session at Geneva. A German delegation was at

once dispatched from Berlin, to take its place among the other delegates of the League, as the representatives of Germany. Undoubtedly this is an

historic event of farreaching importance. It means that the international

questions of Europe will be discussed in the councils of the League, backed by international law and a world court, instead of by diplomats with engines of massacre to emphasize their arguments. It makes it possible to remove

all European disputes from the domain of murderous violence to the realm of reason. Germany will try to obtain mandates, in order to provide homes

for her surplus population. She desires to obtain Eupin and Malmedy from

Belgium, but by purchase. She would like to regain possession of the Saar

district, with its rich mines, but by purchase, and she desires that the military control now exercised by the war allies be overtaken by the League. This

is a vast program, and if the League has the ability to solve the problems, its existence as the greatest engine of peace, second only to the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, is assured. Spain has decided to withdraw

from the League, because its demand for a permanent seat in the Council has not been promised. Brazil adopted the same baby tactics, some time ago.

But it takes two years from the date of notification to get out of the League and in two years many things may happen. However, it is not sure that

the withdrawal of the two countries mentioned is a detriment to the League.

Dr. Samuel H. Allen, a prominent Utah physician and surgeon passed

away at his home in Salt Lake City, Aug. 30, 1926. He was born in

Mount Pleasant, Utah, July 15, 1862, the son of pioneer parents. He

graduated from the Utah University, in 1881, attended the Brigham Young

Academy for postgraduate work, and then went to the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Baltimore, Md., where he graduated in 1890. After serving

his interneship in Baltimore, the young doctor returned to his birthplace, where he practiced his profession for two years. He performed a Wonderful

operation in 1891. Henley Painter, a child of 2 years, suffered the loss of

his foot by a mowing machine. Dr. Allen was called, and, racing to the

child's home in his buggy, a trip which occupied san hour, he replaced the foot and sewed on all the toes except one which had been burned when the stocking of the injured limb was destroyed. The operation necessitated

the loss of the ankle joint, but so perfect was the surgery that the child in due time was able to walk. Dr. Allen, during the period from 1907 until

the middle of April, this year, when he was taken ill, continued to devote himself to study and improvement, and by virtue of this and his natural ability, came to be looked upon as one of the leading doctors. Widely known

for his generosity in giving aid wherever and however he could, Dr. Allen

was regarded by his friends and associates as a man of sterling worth and character. In addition to his widow, Mrs. Ida Lowry Allen, Dr. Allen is

survived by a son, Dr. M. Lowry Allen, and four daughters, Mrs. Emma

McAllister and Mrs. Ruth Kerr, both of Salt Lake; Mrs. Ethel Brewster of

Washington, D. C, and Miss Marjorie Allen of Salt Lake.

Dr. Charles W. Eliot, the famous president emeritus of Harvard, passed

away, Aug. 22. at his home at Northeast Harbor, Me., 92 years of age.

He presided at the great institute of learning from 1869 till 1909. On the

celebration of his 90th birthday he received felicitations from educators all over the world. One of his latest public utterances was a defense of the

Volstead act against President Butler, of the Columbia University. In 1924

he disputed the "melting pot"theory of Zangwill, and maintained that

American citizens of all origins ought to keep their dictinctive racial heritages. He deplored, when the war broke out, the failure of "institutional

Christianity"to avert conflict. In 1920, he vigorously defended the League

in Boston,?0, 1834, of Nations against its assailants. Hc was born Marcri

1214 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and graduated from Harvard in 1853. At the age of 24 he became professor of chemistry at Harvard. As president, the young Eliot set afoot so

many reforms that Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes exclaimed: "He is turning

the university over like a flapjack."Forty years later, when he resigned

his post at his own insistence, he saw many of the reforms which he had introduced adopted throughout the country, and found himself so well established in the esteem of his countrymen that when President Taft offered him the post of ambassador to the court of St. James, in March, 1909, the

press of the country was unanimous in applauding the choice as that of a most representative American citizen. But Dr. Eliot declined, saying that

he preferred to spend the evening of life in a serenity that only freedom from responsibility could give. Dr. Eliot had his own ideas on many subjects, but he was universally acknowledged as one of the outstanding figures

of this age and generation.

Disastrous floods swept ten states on Sept. 16, 1926, carrying death,

privation and suffering from the rainswollen streams and rivers. Thousands

of acres of land were under from 1 to 20 feet of water, and the damage was estimated at $15,000,000. Hundreds of families were driven from their

homes. Dams and levees have been broken down in many places. The states

affected are, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan,

Ohio, South Dakota and Indiana.

The Lamp Lighter

"I got a real kidthrill watching a big fellow save a moth's life last night. If

these lines give you the picture I got, and you can use them, do so. I just asked

"a boy if they meant anything to him and he said, 'GOSH NO!'

He would kill 'em in the open,

Same as any other man;

But when he saw one flutter, In a lamp light round the gutter,

And heard the spit and sputter

That meant S. O. S. to him.

Then he climbed the pole Unconscious like A frantic Moth to free;

An'all the time a-thinkin'He was keepin'it from me.

Oh, he'd kill 'em in the open, as me; With his hat—the same

But when he saw one burnin'He was up to set it free.

Anonymous., Get Your Index to Volume 29

For the benefit and convenience of subscribers, we have prepared a complete index to the contents of Volume 29 of the Improvement Era, a copy of which will be sent, without cost, to anyone making application for same. Kindly apply to the business

office, Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1926

Two Dollars per Annum

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter

Hcber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. XvA't

Edward H. Anderson. ( Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

> CONTENTS

Scenes in Mexico Frontispiece Autumn. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 1125

Conditions in Mexico Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 1127

Heights. A Poem Irvin L. Warnock 1137

Joseph Smith and the Great West XII I. K. Russelt 1137

Sagebrush. A Poem 1 Lawrence A. Brown 1143

Cultivating the Eyesight. Illustrated Grace Wharton Montaigne 1144

A World of Wealth. Wreno Bowers 1148

Sheds Tears Over Brigham Young's Body Harold L. Snow 1149

Beyond Happiness. A Story Ainza Woolman 1150

Victory. A Poem C. H. Durrant 1157

A C. C. Patient. A Story Irene McCullough 1158

Discontent Divine. A Poem Helen Kimball Orgill 1161

A Word About Immigration-- J. M. Sjodahl 1162

Regarding Joseph Smith's Mission L. Vatess Dewey, M. A 1163

The Tempest. A Poem Ida R. Alldredge 1 1167

Westerners in Action. Illustrated 1 168

Betray Not His Trust. A Poem Paul H. Allred 1175

My Testimony E. Hollings—1176

The Desert and the Rose. A Poem LeMax Saxon 1177

God's Masterpiece H. Bartley Heiner 1178

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 1180

Memories. A Poem Flora D. Robinson 1187

United Order E. Pingree Tanner 1189

Evidence. A Poem Gertie Gibbs 1191

Suffering. A Poem Alberta Jacobs 1191

Three Shrines. A Poem Ainza Woolman 1192

Editors'True Latterday Saint Spirit 1193 Table—The

PreExistence l 1194 Priesthood Quorums * * 95 1 97 Mutual Work I Passing Events 1209 The Lamp Lighter Anonymous 1214

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Acme White Lead L. D. S. Business College

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. LaSalle Extension University

Bennett's Service Stations Model Knitting Works

Daynes Beebe Music Co. TTUtah., Homc -c-Fire TIns - r*Co'Daynes Co. Jewelry

Deseret News Utah Power & Light Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

As we understand it, the "wets"were sore because—Thethey hadWeeklyno "kick"'Journal.coming.

Not knowing what styles will be twentyfive years hence, it is a little hard to say where the child ought to be vaccinated. Detroit News.

If only the dear things wouldn't get the bloom of youth higher on one cheek than on the other. El Paso Herald.

Teacher: "What is pasteurized milk "

City Pupil: "It's milk you get when you leave the cows in the pasture."The

Monitor.

La Salle Extension University.The World's Largest Business Training Institution

FIND YOURSELF THROUGH LASALLE LaSalle Extension University, Improvement Era or 214 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City, Ut h

I would welcome an outline of your SALARYDOUBLING PLAN, together with a copy of "Ten Years'Promotion in One,"all without obligation. I am

interested in field checked below:

D BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: TRAFFIC Management Foreign

Training for Official Managerial, and Domestic.

Sales and Departmental ExecuIndustrial Management, and ProHIGHERtive positions. ACCOUNTANCY: D3 BankingModern Foremanshipand Finance. Training for position as Auditor, duction Methods.

Comptroller, Certified Public 3 Personnel and Employment Man- |Accountant, etc. agement.

Station Management. 3 Railway SALESMANSHIP: 3 MODERN Law. Commercial Leading to position as Sales Executive, Salesman, Sales Coach 3 Expert Bookkeeping.

or Trainer, Sales Promotion Business English.

Manager, Manufacturer's Agent, I Commercial Spanish.

Solicitor, and all positions in re- I Effective Speaking, tail, wholesale, or specialty C. P. A. Coaching for Advanced

selling. Accountants. t

LAW: Training for Bar: LL.B. -pi

Degree Jf TCC MODERN BUSINESS CORRES44tit?T\T VT7 A T> C PONDENCE AND PRACTICE: 1 H.IN I -CiAHS ">

Training for position as Sales T>"D/i1l/r/i'T,mAT or Collection Correspondent. "ixUMU 1 1UJX USTAT

Sales Promotion Mail Manager,. OTVP'"UliJL etc. Sales Secretary, Manager,

NAME ADDRESS WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 want to send YOU This new latest model Worldfamous Saxophone FgEE USE!

FACTORMARKED PRICES

.SEND NO MONEY

Try it before you buy it/ LOWEST TERMS ifyou keepit/ Wherever you live in the Western States I'll send you this worldfamous BUESCHER TRUETONE Saxophone for 5-days'FREE USE right in your own home. Play it as much as you like—try

it as if it were your own. it to any test you want—Use—put it thoroughly

it back at my exThen if you are not fully satisfied in every way—send

pense; the trial will not cost you a penny and you'll be under no more obligation than if you just walked into my store and looked at the SAXOPHONE.

If you find after trial that it is satisfactory and you want to keep can it—you pay for it on EASY TERMS and I'll give you the same price the factory asks. $

The following orchestras, most of them internationally famous—use BUESCHER Instruments either exclusively or almost entirely: Paul Whiteman's Orchestra uses 100%

Bueschers; Tom Brown's Clown Band uses 100% Bueschers; Clyde Doerr's Orchestra

uses 100% Bueschers: Art Hickman's Orchestra uses 100% Bueschers; Paul Specht's

Orchestra uses 100% Bueschers; Oriole Terrace Orchestra uses 100% Bueschers; Vincent Lopez'Orchestra uses 90% Bueschers; Columbia Happy Six uses 75% Bueschers; Joseph C. Smith's Orchestra uses 75% Bueschers; Benny Krueger's Orchestra

uses 75% Bueschers: Meyer Davies'Orchestra uses 75% Bueschers; All Star Trio use

75% Bueschers.

the The SAXOPHONE is the easiest of all wind instruments to play—yet one of most beautiful. You can learn the scale in an hour's practice and in a few weeks be

playing popular airs. It is then only a step to securing a place in band or orchestra at

perhaps a fine salary. So send today and get my FREE OFFER!

this COUPON end me

Joseph J. Daynes, President

DaynesBeebe Music Co.,

61-3-5 Main Street, Salt Lake. Utah.

Dear Sir: Send me the intensely interesting book, "The Origin of the Saxophone,"giving story of the tsan who invented the Saxophone, also telling uses of all models for individual playing and for a band or orchestra.

Also send catalog with factory's prices and your easy terms. All

this is to be postpaid and FREE and I will not be obligated in the least.

NameAddress (Just use a pencil—it writes better on this paper)

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS From FACTORY direct to you. Made to ORDER Old or New Style.

Lowest Price. Highest Quality.

No. No. 209 All fine silk $5.00 24 Heavy bleached $2.20

4 Lt. flat weave 95 10 Med. 1/3 wool 2.75

11 Lt. cotton unbleached 1.40 16 Heavy 1/3 wool 3.75

20 Lt. cotton bleached 1.60 18 All Merino wool 5.50

60 Medium unbleached 1.65 59 Med. ya silk Vi wool 7.00

22 Medium bleached 1.85 21 Light silk stripe wool 4.25

19 Heavy unbleached 2.00 25 Lt. Ms silk y2 wool 5.00

If Postal M. O. is inclosed with your order POSTAGE will be PREPAID

in U. S. Outside add 15c per garment.

Specify OLD or NEW Style, long or short legs or sleeves. Give these

MEASUREMENTS for all styles: Length, from top of shoulder to inside

ankle bone. Bust: Around body under arms. Sleeve: From shoulder seam

down to length desired. Double backs 20c extra per Garment.

APPROVED LABEL AND CORRECT PATTERNS

Model Knitting Works

PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY

'jagg HOME SURFACES WITH AGME QUALITY * r5s??- / t (l/lEN PAINTS AND VARNISHES

?-—- 1 1. w iVps&j Acme White Lead & Color Works

145 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Was. 6544

$15,000 Prize Campaign 12 AUTOMOBILES 8 RADIOS A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY YOU CAN SHARE

For details <and full information call or write

Sty? Sesmt fatua

Was. 550 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Classes being formed New every day EnterAny Time Why attend the L. D. S. Business

College?

Best courses of study.

Best teachers, specially trained, experienced and successful

Best methods.

Best equipment.

Best returns for your timeand money.

L. D. S. Business College

SALT LAKE CITY "The School of BEST Results"

Southern Pacific Lines

offer Special Winter Excursion Rates

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH

WAYS VIA SAN FRANCISCO $50,50 TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO

RETURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $50.00

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARES FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA.

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS.

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For complete information, tickets and reservations, call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

PHONES WASATCH 3008—3078

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Be sure to See the new KabBase Electric Range—For a neater, cleaner, roomier kitchen

Combined Kitchen Cabinet and Electric Range $5.00 Down BALANCE ON VERY EASY TERMS Utah Power Light Co. &

Efficient Public Service

"Waiter, this steak is terribly tough."

"Sir, we are not responsible for the morals of our food."Roger's Chanticleer.

isn't the original putting on the trousers that Our Shiek Says.—It counts—it'

the upkeep. Perrins.

"Holmquist is a humorist, is he not?"

"Yes. He writes jokes for the 'Funnyfit.'

"For what?"

"For the fun of it."A. H., Illinois.*'*-

He: "I always kiss the stamps on your letters, because I know that your

lips have touched them."

She: "O, dear, and to think that I damped them on Fido's nose."'U. P.

Magazine.

Our repair department for watches and jewelry makes it possible for you to send articles by mail, and we can give you an estimate of the cost before repairing.

Sixtyfour Years Service If you have trouble with your eyes let J - Fred Daynes > optometrist, ten Is Record of DAYNES you whether you need glasses or not.

Utah's Oldest Jewelry Store Come in and get acquainted while in to conference and look at our latest improved sanitary individual sacrament sets.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Take Advantage of Your Opportunities Make this mutual year more enjoyable and more profitable by taking advantage of your opportunities. Prepare yourself to

meet the questions which may arise in your classes by reading the reading course outlined for you by the M. I. A. Board.

Complete Course (Including Book of Mormon)

Delivered Anywhere $5.50

Note: This price for cash only. Remittance MUST be sent

with order.

Deseret Book Company 44 East on So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

P. O. Box 1793

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 21425 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

of Persons Fire Is No Respecter

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

KAHL STOHEY [)fil3EN M) 3 UT TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BluGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever you see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept it.

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

An Overall with a Classy Appearance MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS Sf FOR WINTER WEAR GUARANTEED FOR QUALITY FIT AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, the Flour

Mill Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage man, the Teamster.

None Too Large

None Too Small

MANY REASONS WHY 4 Is your SO f 'Ufiln$unmce\\ IT SHOULD BE p WE ISSUE THE BEST THERE IS IN FIRST LIFE INSURANCE—

You Need Our Insurance We Want Your Business The BIG HOME Beneficial Life Insurance Co., COMPANY

Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, Manager SALT LAKE CITY