SL

jm

AUGUST, 1932 Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah *&<<0rK-<K<*or>&vj<4'<&t-&r*&*&*4y'<'Or*'0

STUDENTS Will he Welcomed

At the

Utah State

Agricultural College Logan, Utah

Monday, September 26, 1932

Life holds much for the young man or woman with a college education.

Prepare now for the future at an extremely low cost.

This is the year for sincere and ambitious students to attend an educational institution. The Utah State Agricultural College is interested in such students. It offers them

an education of the highest quality, in an ideal College environment, and for the lowest possible cost. The Institution will continue to maintain the highest standards of scholarship, and it will also preserve its devoted interest in building the character of students

as well as developing their technical skill. The College invites conscientious students to

begin or to continue their training for constructive American leadership by attending the Institution in 1932.

Courses are offered in the following Schools:

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS FORESTRY COMMERCE ARTS AND SCIENCE ENGINEERING AND

EDUCATION MECHANIC ARTS UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Logan, Utah

Address the President's Office, Logan, Utah, if you wish a catalogue or any additional information.

*<'*2><<0vuS>*4*?hemprovemen't

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the 'Family

Prohibition EDITORIALS AP,HE subject of prohibition will The M. I. A. June Conference Harrison R. Merrill 5 78

be discussed in the September What the Organ Sang Harrison R. Merrill 57 8

number of the Improvement Era. Accepting the Challenge Harrison R. Merrill 5 78

Franklin Stewart Harris, president

University,of Brigham Young the opinions of a ARTICLES assembledhas number of college and university Civilization and the New Testament Dr. Elmer G. Peterson 581

presidents regarding the effect of Stephen L. Richards Bryant S. Hinckley 584

prohibition upon drinking by col- G. Stanley McAllister Claude C. Cornwall 591

I. 5 92 Heart of Asmus Utah Edna The students,lege and and university

Berry 594 of the Incomplete Muirhead Ruth Charm The the Stelle, editor ofC. Frank 5 96 a Glass P. Seeing Walter Cottam Eye Through

Lethbridge Daily Herald, Leth- A Hiking We Will Go William C. Wessell 602

bridge, Canada, has contributed Prize Winners 605 an article dealing with the CanBe Your Own LifeGuard Genevieve W. Granzen 606

adian system. A Trip Through a Primitive Area Dr. Ray J. Davis 610

Review of the 3 7th Annual M. I. A. June Conference Henry A. Smith 615

i i i Book Reviews 619 Greatness in Men T\R. RICHARD R. LYMAN, FICTION

a member of the general Clipped Wings Florence H. Townsend 5 88

superintendency of the Y. M. M. A Fool and His Wager Glynn Bennion 5 98

I. A., a member of the Council

of the Twelve, will be the subject POETRYof the biographical sketch by President Bryant S. Hinckley. Camper's Supper Cristel Hastings 580

Fishin'Fever Cristel Hastings 580 i i i Waiting G. Selander 601

Top of the World Vesta P. Crawford 600

Fiction A Book Wilford D. Lee 619

npHE PURPLE PITCHER,"a TwoStrangerBitsTownsAbout Youth VirginiaBess FosterEggertsonSmith 614614 baseball story, "Heart "Leave Me My Dreams"Lillian Davidson 614

Strings,"the story of a finely View of Bear Lake Valley Leone E. McCune 614

strung musician, and "The MirAlaskan Summertime Mark Hart 614 acle,"a short short story, will be Back to My Hills Geo. K. Lewis 614

the September offerings in the field To Lois Watene Makaia 614 of fiction. ABluePrayerPastures FrancesJackNuttallFalk 629614

Why Do I Live? 630

I Miss You Christie Lund 634 The Cover T canoeingHE coverscenethis onmonththe Echois a Church Music DEPARTMENTS 624

River at Banff, Alberta, Canada. Me'.chizedek Priesthood 625

Mt. Rundle is shown in the backAaronic Priesthood 626

ground. We hope it will serve as Mutual Messages

an invitation to go to the woods Executive Messages 628 mountains.and "We've entitled Let's EraTalkandIt PublicityOver Messages 630640 Waters."it—"Dreamy

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

by the Men's Mutual 1932, Improvement Young B. Peterson, O. Corporation Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright-,Association Church of the Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat George Q. Morris, Saints. All o'freserved. rights of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

The M. I. A. June Conference

TXESPITE the widespread use of the radio and the frequently spoke. Those who had been thrilled by

little difJS newspaper only those who can assemble in the the hopeful spirit of the convention had venerable buildings around which cling the memories ficulty in understanding just what President A. W.

and the traditions of threequarters of a century,pf Ivins meant when he said that the convention had

Latterday Saint worship can get the full benefit and been (like an oasis in the desert to him. Beset by the

meaning of a conference such as that which was held troubles of those who have lost much or their all in business, harried the falling by of profitable away of people Muin by the young June the Church—the undoubtthe First Presidency help, those who need Associations. the Primary tual and Improvement

There is something inspiring about seeing a man and edly found in the shining faces of the youth of this a woman such as Superintendent George Albert Smith Church a glorious promise of better days.

and President Ruth May Fox, whose heads have The special section meetings as well as the general grown gray in the service of the Church, stand before sessions of the conference were bristling with conan audience of younger people and declare that they structive suggestions;for the advancement of culture

have found complete joy in the service they have and spirituality among the people of the Church. Both

given to their fellowmen. President Heber J. Grant and Superintendent George

Hardly less inspiring were the youthful faces Albert Smith pronounced it to be among the best atturned toward the Gospel light not only seeking to tended conferences in the history of M. I. A. and also

know but helping to blaze the way to spirituality one of the most inspiring ever held.

and to that abundant living of which the Master so—H. R. M.

What the Organ Sang one of those rare days in June we stepped into Heber C. Kimball in Nauvoo; it was thousands ofONthe Great Tabernacle along with about a thousaints /walking barefoot, pushing carts or riding in

sand locomotive engineers and their friends to get prairie schooners across the plains or swinging in an the message from the tabernacle organ as interpreted old sailing vessel around the Horn; it was my father

by the organist, or, should we say, to get the message and yours and our mothers and grandfathers and in of the organist as the organ interpreted it, or would some cases our great grandfathers. It was farmer,

it be (still more correct to say to get the message mechanic, miner, merchant, missionary all singing of the masters as the musician and the organ interall thrilled by the new vision!;

preted them? The old organ, the organist, the great taberWe felt as we -#at under the great pioneer dome nacle had given new voices to all of them as they sang

that we were receiving the message of God as it was now robustly as with feet tramping in unison, now interpreted by the masters, by the huge organ, and its softly as if over prairie graves, but always bravely, talented player. And, do you know, the old hopefully, ecstatically!

building had much to do.with that marvelous interpretation. Personalities, scores of them, perhaps hun- "Softly beams the sacred dawning

dreds, had come and gone and had left their messages Of the great Millennial morn, for us. We fancied that even the men who had made And to Saints gives welcome warning

the seats and had hung the chandeliers had conThat the day is hasting on.

tributed a bit to what the organ sang.

The organist's deft fingers given voice by his vi- "Splendid, rising o'er the mountains brating Isoul and the responsive keys passed through Glowing with celestial cheer, four marvelous, but short numbers, and then the old Streaming from eternal fountains organ as if given voice by Brigham Young, Heber C. Rays of living light appear.

Kimball, Wilford Woodruff and by all the prophets and -pioneers past and present burst gloriously into Swiftly flee the clouds of darkness, that hymn by John Jaques and George Careless, Speedily the mists retire;

"Softly Beams The Sacred Dawning."Nature's universal blackness

It had ceased to be merely an organ with a muIs consumed by heavenly fire."

sician at the console.—It was Joseph and Hyrumand Oliver, Sidney, and Martin Harris on the banks We must go again to hear what the organ is singof the Susquehannah; it was Brigham Young and ing. Will you not also go? H. R. M.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 579

Accepting the Challenge present times are a challenge to organizations South America, and the islands of the sea.rHE of all kinds. The even current of life has been Fortunately, nature has been lavish this year and

all know, however, thatrudely changed until many crafts which were sailing foodstuffs are plentiful. We

along smoothly now find themselves shipping water winter follows autumn and that during that period and threatened with disaster. foodstuffs will be hard to obtain with anything

In order to find out how leaders of the Church other than cash.

in wards are attempting to meet the problems which Many bishops reported that they have assisted in unemployment and the depression have faced us with, locating sources of food supplies and have encouraged we selected, more or less at random though we atthose who otherwise might be unemployed to work tempted to choose some rural and some town or city for grain, hay, potatoes, carrots, cattle, sheep, or wards, twenty bishops to whom we sent a letter of hogs. Grains and vegetables can be pitted; hogs

inquiry. Nine jhave made reply. can be killed and cured; beef and mutton can be

These nine wards reported 113 heads of families bottled or fed until needed. Some are planning to

unemployed, an average of 12 5/9 to the ward. fill a ward storehouse now to be used in emergencies,

However, one ward reported no unemployment but they are doing their best to make it possible for among heads of families; two others reported two their people to earn their own food and shelter. One

each. Two wards reported 30 each. The bishops bishop reports: "We have planted extensive gardens

of the same wards reported 202 young people who and are using the vacant lots. We are obtaining

ordinarily are gainfully employed in summer, out fruit in season for labor."Another writes: "We

of work, or an average of 26 5/9 to the ward. One have been encouraging our people to plant and cultiward reported 50 young people unemployed. vate all the ground they can get. They have taken

These figures, of course, throw out a challenge to to this suggestion kindly and most of them have leadership. Here is a great deal of manpower which good gardens and are raising vegetables that will

could be used if only the proper machinery could be keep. Now that fruit is coming on we are advising

set up for using it. Here, also, is the challenge to them to put up plenty of it to do them through the

the Mutual Improvement Associations. They have winter. There will be some who will not be able

responded with a new slogan, "We stand for the to bottle much on account of not having money with enrichment of life through constructive use of leisure which to buy sugar, but we are arranging through our and personal service to fellow man."But the leisure Relief Society and Fast Offering funds to take care

time phase of the problem is not our chief concern of this class. My opinion is that the people of our

just now. ward will be better prepared with food this next

When these letters were sent out, we were attemptwinter than they were last."

ing to discover just how our ward leaders are attemptIt is refreshing to know that in every ward of the ing to cope with the problem of food and shelter for Church there is at least one man to whom the unthose who have no employment. We are happy employed may go and be certain of finding sympathy

to report that the bishops are aware of the situation and help. If those who have plenty of foodstuffs

which confronts the membership of their wards and and need to hire men will remember their neighbors like Christian leaders are making a definite attempt first and will give them an opportunity to work for to forecast their problems and to prepare for their produce;if not for cash, and if those who are unsolution. employed will consider the present an emergency,

Summer time is the time to store things away. there is no reason why there should be dearth in any

We get that lesson from the ant and the bee and their home next winter.

kind. Then foodstuffs are cheap and easily obtainOur inquiry was not intended as a survey. We

able especially throughout most of the length and the merely thought that what a few bishops are doing breadth of Church territory extending through the might be an indication, in general, of what allare

Rocky Mountain region, and in many other sections doing. It is to be hoped that all are taking advantage

of the country where Saints have located together of the summer months to prepare for winter emerin this country and in Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, gencies. H. R. M.

Why Not Shoot?—Contest Announcement

prizes cash is offering any subject for the—scenery,best photographsanimals, takenchildren,by anuiteursadults, oddities.between PictureJuly 1 THEand ImprovementOctober 1, 1932.Era Pictures may be of

interest only will count.

RULES 1. Anybody except jlhose who make a livelihood from 5. No pictures will be returned unless they are acphotography is eligible to submit pictures. companied by stamped, selfaddressed container.

2. All pictures must be finished on glossy paper, 6. Each picture must have on the reverse side the black and white, and must be mailed flat—not rolled-—name and address of the one submitting it.

1. o'clock, twelve midnight, or October before on 7. contest the shall be George Midgley, Judges of will size; 3. size Pictures count. be not of any may Hopkins, P. Cottam. Walter and will dollars, Dr. 4. Prizes Five as follows: be awarded

first; three dollars, second; two dollars, third; and one 8. Address all photographs to Photograph Contest

dollar each for all other pictures used in the ImproveEditor, The Improvement Era, Church Office Building, ment Era. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Qamper's Supper By CRISTEL HASTINGS DACON sizzlin'in the pan, Ashes driftin'lazylike

Biscuits well nigh done! Where the embers lie.

Eggs a-sputterin'like mad Or maybe just in fun! Sparks that look like shootin'stars

Water boilin'in the pot, The river down below

Yellowjackets near! Tinkhn'over shadowed rocks

Bluejays chatterin'in a tree In a tune I know!

all wrapped in gloomSunset, golden clear! Dusk—an'trees

The fire burnin'bright My shadow on, the canvas wall On my plate a leaf or two Like a thing o'night!

An'a hemlock twig Shadows hoverin'in the wood Leaves a-fallin'with a sound

Like somethin'dark an'big! O'footfalls, soft an'light

Cinders in the cookin'stuff Overhead the stars an'God

Wood smoke in my eye Whisperin'"Good Night!"

By CRISTEL HASTINGS HPROUT are jumpin'in the stream, Arrow shadows dartin'close

The riffle's runnin'white Silver slippin'by

There's music down between the rocks Nibbles playin'on the hook

Where the beauties bite! An'me a-standin'by

Got to take my rod an'reel An'a brace o'flies, Waitin'for the reel to hum,

Tryin'out my luck again Dreamin'as I go

Where the whirlpools rise! Squintin'stream—down the sparklin'

Whippin'upstream, wadin'Greatest sport I know!

down, Give me reel an'rod an'creel

It's all the same to me, An'a cabin door,

Just so I can have the feel Wood smoke curlin', meetin'me.

O'boots against my knee. Who could ask for more?

ivili.ivilization andtr

the Testament j\ew By ELMER G. PETERSON, Ph. D.

President of the Utah State Agricultural College "America.... is a religion not a mere political segregation of

people and our destiny is sure if we adhere to\the fundamental doctrine which is the law of our creation as a nation."There may

be those who will not agree with that statement from this stimulating article y but Dr. Peterson makes a case for his contention.

can see of philosophies which these densely out of chilcomeWHOAmerican lands compopulated dren in comparative luxury, even in mand our great respect.

modest homes reveling in the midst of plenty, of 1HAT is it that enabled Europe andfood, clothing, education W and recreation, often America to take the lead, being stultified with exincomparably so, in cess of things, without world progress? The

being stabbed by the bitanswer is An a few matter consciousness that in ters of belief, faith, docChina and India and elsetrine or whatever we where children are starving by the the point of violence. That no wish to call it. Whatever we call

hundreds each day? And parents other nation of world power proit we should not delude ourselves

in these lands have been known to portions has solved this difficult that it is an ephemeral thing. It

kill their children in order to reproblem is an indication of the is of transcendent importance.

lease them from their misery. Yet size of the task which confronts Whatever it is, it is a pearl of great

here in America our officials are the country. So without miniprice which in our orgy of plenty

advising farmers to reduce producmizing the grave nature of our dowe should seek to remember as tion. And so with factories and mestic situation but for the purmen should remember honor and

mines, the output is more than we poses of our present discussion women virtue, priceless although can consume or at least for the time passing it over, what a challenge often forgotten. The doctrine is an

more than we can command the is presented to AngloSaxon and ancient one which has been credit to buy. Steel rails, locoTeutonic peoples by the present brought into bold relief by the

motives and cars can be produced tragedy in the Orient. But a deepoccurrences of our own generation,

here far beyond our need of railer significance than even the tragedy indeed of the last quarter century, ways; ships far beyond our trade of it, attaches to the fact that less because it is during these last few

necessities; coal mines are closed than a third of the people of the years that civilization has fructior run only part time because we world have risen to the commandfied into its present multitude of

cannot use more fuel; and workers ing position which north Europe amazing forms. The decision of

by the millions are in idleness. and America occupy today. Over an increasing number of our more

It is quite apparent of course twothirds of the world is stricken careful thinkers although as yet that we have a problem at home with almost continuous want and admitted by a comparative few, is without seeking trouble in the misery. Why? These people who that European and American civOrient. In the midst of our plenty welter in distress in India, China, ilization is essentially a New Testhere we have it seems so imperfect Persia and elsewhere are superior ament civilization and is so dis-

a system of economics that actual people. Those of them who come tinguished, and in no other way

want exists in the very areas where to our colleges evidence hereditary distinguishable, from the civilizaover-production is most marked. strength of a high order and histions built upon other philosoThis calls for a quick remedy and tory of course tells the story of phies.

it can only he hoped that our great civilizations in these now disWhat is it that the New Testastatesmanship will be equal to the ease stricken, poverty and war ment gave us that other peoples task of adjustment to prevent the ridden areas. Civilization was have not had? I properly exclude

more deplorable aspects of our prescradled on the Euphrates and Tifrom this discussion any analysis, ent unemployment continuing to gris and further east and portions because it hardly admits of such, of 582 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

the mysticism which attaches to was later amplified and given poplan of life but equal as brothers

Christianity with the passing statetency in the life and teachings of are equal in rank in the family ment only that the socalled miJesus. There have been fearful circle. Therefore all men should

raculous portions of the records of departures from this thinking in be free; the relationship of servant

Paul and of Jesus can be read by the depravity which has grown up and master is impossible in Chrisall of us in this modern age of in many places and in the wars tian thinking except as power acwhat we call rationalism with very that have been waged, but a carequired by effort gives one the right considerable profit, a record which ful reading of the history will disto dominion. No one wisely will

cannot be dismissed as a contribuclose this golden thread of thought claim that people as we see them tion only to psychology. It is this reaching back into the centuries and in action in every day life are

of course but in our common acdisappearing in the darkness of the equal; there is in fact what may be

ceptance of the called a law of term it is someinequality in acthing else also: a tual achievement.

something which But it will not be differentiates these surprising if scigreat events as a ence itself reveals piece of dead copthat potentially per wire differs all men, barring from a copper of course excepwire charged tional variations from a dynamo one way or anwith power. The other, are very

difference is infinearly equal. Innite although the deed a school of

copper is the psychologists is same. In our efnow preaching

fort t o know this very doctrine what has made and however far northern Europe it may be wrong and America the facts are acwhat they are we cumulating that should read again humankind are the story of the generously enjourney of Paul dowed from the to Damascus, not bottom to the as a treatise on psychology but as President Peterson in his office at top with strength and weakness a marvelously potential fragment the V. S. A. C. and it is given to each individual,

of history. granting grave limitations of enunknown past,—an ideal which vironment, to develop his potenAORTH Europe and therefore men have never abandoned altiality to the farthest possible exAmerica, because America is though kings and often priests tent. Our histories are full of the

the child of north Europe, have seem to have done their utmost names of great ones drawn into been distinguished from the rest to destroy it. eminence from the lower strata of

of the world because of a belief in Christ said to His followers: society by the processes of democ-

a God as interpreted by Jesus of "You are the children of God."racy. The quintessence of democNazareth. This God has been exThis is the key which solves the racy is in the Christian doctrine

plained to us and our ancestors unmystery of hundreds of years of that "God is no respecter of perder the designation of Father. The battle. Humanity has never falsons."

doctrine taught us has been that of tered in its struggle to vindicate love and forbearance as distinguishthis great utterance. Other philTF men are equal, if only in rights

ed from the long history of hate, osophies have been based upon and opportunities, there is no fear and revenge which patheticalbrotherhood, love, and forbearsuch thing as the divine right of ly makes up the major portion of ance but for some reason they have kings, the people themselves should the record of mankind including not been efficacious in producing rule. Christian thinking has in

that of our own generation. What progress, as dead copper wire, to our own time almost finished the

Christ taught essentially was an acuse the figure again, is powerless destruction of thrones upon which tual brotherhood of men. Once the to operate a factory or move a as far back as history goes certain

existence of this brotherhood is adtrain. foolish people have sat and permitted as a fact as real as brotherOnce you give humankind this mitted their hirelings to ascribe to

hood in the flesh, and infinitely thought, as Christianity has had them powers and rights which they more significant, the world is it, of brotherhood, and make it did not have and should not have transformed. basic in their thinking, the very attempted to exercise.

And this is what north Europe foundation of their thinking, they This importance of the indihas been thinking for thousands naturally tend to interpret it in vidual is very close to the heart of of years because north Europe in the lives they live. If all men are the something which we are searchall probability carried over the children of God then all potentialing for in this discussion. Other

thinking of ancient Israel which ly are not only important in the thinking has sacrificed the indiThe Improvement Era for August, 1932 583 vidual to the state and considered ligious conviction, not mere expethe thinking of the world. An

his welfare comparatively inconsediency however urgent, could acimportant part of German philosoquential. AngloSaxon and Teucount for the nearly four billions phy was unequivocal in its statetonic institutions are built upon spent each year on education in ment of the application of the law

the foundation of individual America, taking America as an exof the beast to man. If the French

rights, what we in America have ample of the working out of the had coal, the Roumanians oil or called inalienable rights. There doctrine, and for the corresponding the English trade, take it if you

can be no denying the powerful investments in furtherance of an can, that was the German idea, if effect upon the development of soactual brotherhood upon earth. It necessary by force. French, Engciety of this doctrine of individis the very essence of American lish and American philosophy was

ualism. It automatically releases idealism. essentially the same only probably

the energies of people and drives Let me pause long enough to weaker, a larger measure of hypocthem to unending progress which state a qualification which I think risy entering into the thinking of seems to be the law of life. It is ultimately must express itself in our the enemies of Germany. Our

this virtue in America which will thinking on evolution. Evolution schools and colleges were and are

be called upon to neutralize the of course is a fact or rather a tresaturated with the doctrine. A

dangerously large amount of evil mendous concourse of facts; that more debasing and destructive docwhich is manifesting itself in our man is a beast is not a fact. Yet trine it would be impossible to

mercantile civilization. Men with modern philosophy has taken unto imagine. It was and is a direct

this conception of their high staitself this generalization based updefiance of Christian thinking and;

tion became partners in the great on a phase only of the work of it did its major part I believe in enterprise of life instead of unimscience, i. e., the generalization that preparing Europe for the World;

portant hirelings to follow the man is bestial in nature. War. It was a corruption which

command of a superior. PotenMan is essentially a spiritual brought its inevitable penalty as

tially there are no superiors. This being; his fleshy attributes are an it will bring its future penalties if

freedom, this recognition of high instrumentality only to express we continue to adhere to it.

personal status, has produced the what is greater in him or if not in discoveries and inventions which, him what may be expressed PHERE is evidence in Christ's from the slow beginnings of Galthrough him as a violin made of teachings that He dissented ileo, Copernicus, Newton, Pasteur, animal sinew and a bit of hardfrom the feeling of family pride

Faraday and others, have flooded wood, to use an ancient figure, may which would easily express itself the world with a wealth of things express a symphony. This false in families, particularly aristocratic

ministering to human health, cominterpretation of evolution, that Jewish families. If the feeling

fort and educational development. man is essentially a beast, overran within a family becomes too selfSo with this great thought in mind contained, too smug, it is easy to

men began to create the civilization understand how damaging such a of Europe, consciously or unconpoint of view would be to the sciously working toward the ideal members of the family, separating of the importance of the individthem as it would from the broad ual and striking at the degenerate sympathies which are necessary for formulae whether of religion, goveffective participation in life. Christ

ernment, economics or education undoubtedly sought to have his which sought to stratify men into followers recognize themselves as upper and lower classes and to part of the great human family, oppress and bind down those in necessary bearers of its burdens and the lower classes. Freedom of sharers in its blessings. There is

mind and conscience, under law evidence that He recognized limiwhich the people themselves set up tations in family life; on the other

and agree to sustain, became the hand there is no evidence that He dominating movement of modern did not consider it the tremendous history. factor it has become in civilization.

In any case out of His teachings

JLJISTORIANS are justified in has come the ideal of family inascribing to Christianity the tegrity as one of its greatest results.

achievement of education for all If it is a fruitage of Christianity is itself. in the doctrine schools people.the The common Whoa, Hawses, Whoa! itClearlysomehowthe virtues which family direct are a the universitiesand

result of this doctrine on the theory By H. R. M. life in its finer forms exemplifies

are all virtues which Christ did are equal in indeedthat if men Drawing by Harry Nielson stress in His teachings. Northern astheir rights our basic document

stated then each should be given Whoa, Hawses, Whoa! Now don't you Europe and America have been

equal opportunity to secure educarun away distinguished by their belief in the me off an'spill my load sacredness of in the home and the a fair You'll throw given otherwise betion and of hay! building of government as a bulin happiness. his pursuit ofchance

Furthermore, if men are to rule Next winter hay will be a banquet treat—wark to protect and preserve this

themselves then as a practical neWhoa, Hawses, Whoa, you'll want this fundamental human relationship.

cessity they must be informed. But load to eat! I am one who disagrees sharply

nothing I believe but a deep re- (Continued on page 621)

Greatness in Men

Log cabins, close acquaintance with the sturdy soil, pioneering experiences have produced in America many great characters. Among them is that of Stephen L. Richards who is made by President Hinckley to appear to be

as tolerant as Nature and as steady as the hills.

Stephen L.Richards

By Bryant S. Hinckley

ask me to come to did not ask me Carthage—you do not think I will to come to jail with you—youI will tell you what I will do. desert you now? But

If you are condemned to be hung for treason I will be hung in your stead and you will go free."

Joseph said: "You cannot."

The Doctor replied: "I will."

Willard Richards not only witnessed this terrible tragedy but did all he could to defend the Prophet and Patriarch and to care for John Taylor. Not

a drop of Dr. Richards'blood was shed.

T)R. STEPHEN L. RICHARDS, the father of

Apostle Stephen L. Richards, was a quiet man of

sterling worth, known for the gentleness of his disposition and for his universal kindness and consideration for the poor. He was highly respected in

his profession and greatly beloved by all who knew him. His life was full of unrecorded deeds of mercy

and generosity. As a father and husband, a homemaker and friend he had few equals.

The Richards family has been prominent in business and professional pursuits since the establishment of this commonwealth and were prominent among the early settlers of America. They have been distinguished for their sagacity in business and for their

independent thinking. They have been religious

people but religion with them is not merely emotionalism, it must appeal to their reason to claim their

Stephen L. Richards allegiance.

L. RICHARDS hails by direct detinguishedHis ancestorsfor theiron hisinitiativemother'sandsideleadership.were also disHisSTEPHEN

scent from Dr. Willard Richards, who was mother, Emma Louise Stayner (Richards), a daughPresident Brigham Young's counselor, and who ter of the late Arthur Stayner, who was instrumental

was in Carthage Jail on that fatal afternoon of June in promoting the sugar industry in Utah, is a woman 27, 1844, when the Prophet Joseph Smith and his of unusual dignity, rare soundness of judgment and brother, Hyrum, were martyred, and when his only sweetness of character, who has written upon the other companion, John Taylor, was savagely woundcountenances of her children the stamp of nobility.

ed, his life being miraculously spared by the assassin's She is the mother of ten children, six sons and one bullet striking a watch which he carried in his vest daughter now living. Her sons, Stephen L., Claude,

pocket. Dr. G. Gill, Stayner, Willard, and Russell, are all

This conversation which took place in the jail a men of intelligence, initiative, and capacity. The

few minutes before the attack reveals the caliber of devotion and consideration of these boys for their

Willard Richards. Speaking to him Joseph Smith parents has called forth universal respect and adsaid: "If we go into the cell will you go with us?"miration. Her daughter, Mrs. Grace Richards Warner,

The Doctor answered: "Brother Joseph, you did is a woman of the same superior type as her mother.

not ask me to cross the river with did not Stephen L. Richards was born in Mendon, Cache you—you

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 585

County, Utah, June 18, 1879, devoted and happy in her family, land of magnificent distances. This

and subsequently moved with his cooperating with and encouraging cabin was a mile from the nearest parents to Farmington, Utah. He her husband in every undertaking, house. Stephen L. was not yet

attended the public school, Davis submerging all her interests in the twentyone, ambitious and eager

Stake Academy, L. D. S. Uniinterests of others. This marriage for adventure,

versity, Salt Lake High School has been blessed with nine chilThose were heroic but halcyon and University days for both of of Utah. them. It is not

the task of a "LJIS professionnovice to break al training broncos and milk was received in wild cows. It rethe University o quires not only

Michigan and the courage to drive

University o f a four horse team

Chicago. From over rough canthe latter instituyon roads hitchtion he received ed to a wagon

the L. L. B. deloaded with logs

requires skill, gree. He was the—-it

first Utah stustrength, agility dent to be gradand resourcefuluated from the ness, all of which law school of the Stephen L. had,

University o f and he got out of

Chicago and was this hard and a member of the dangerous work first class ever the thrill and satgraduated in Law isfaction which from that insticomes from meettution, receiving ing difficult situ- a Cumlaude deFour Generations Mrs. Richards at play time ations and masgree. tering them. He

He has been active in the Church dren: Lynn Stephen, Irene Louise. did heroically the part of a fronfrom his boyhood, serving officialLois Bathsheba, Alice Leila, Helen tiersman and it will remain eterly in the Sunday School, Mutual Merle, Georgia Gill, Joseph Albert, nally to his credit.

Improvement Association, and RePhilip Longstroth, and Richard While there is no evidence of ligion Class. Following the Merrill. those rough and tumble days in

death of George Reynolds he was his appearance, and while they appointed second assistant to PresHPHE home life of Brother and seem far removed from him as he ident Joseph F. Smith who was Sister Richards which began sits at ease in the council chamgeneral superintendent of Sunday under extraordinary circumstances bers of administrators and execuSchools. tors of large affairs, or stands on

cause of the pleading the platform the Malad of principal was He appealing pulpit in the justice, or ten for served schools and city altheir give to people to young facthe of as Lawyears a member fatheir faith of the to and of Utah University the ofulty were days those hard in the professorship legiancethers—still a tenderedwas those profitable. of highly Many he Missouri, which ofUniversity

difficult been experiences have may declined.

but these young people had brave

Stephen L. Richards was called hearts. Some of the things which

to the apostleship and set apart they did read like fairy tales.

to that office by President Joseph Picture if you will this young

F. Smith, January 18, 1917, and bride reared in the city, unachas been very active in this service. quainted with pioneer life, sitting

His training and ability eminently by the fire in a lonely cabin waitfit him for this high calling. At ing through the long hours of the

home he has served on important night for the return of her belated committees and he has traveled ex- "At a rodeo he lassoed a wild horse husband who was lost in a bliztensively throughout the Church with the first throw of the lariat."zard? Or holding a fractious horse

in the discharge of his apostolic while the young frontiersman cauduties. has never lost any of the romance tiously harnessed it and skillfully

February 21, 1900, he married and adventure that marked its behitched it to the wagon.

Irene Merrill, a daughter of Clarginning. They were married late

ence Merrill and Bathsheba Smith, in February and early in March *pHESE may have been hard days a woman of superior intellect, removed into a one room log cabin but they were happy ones, and fined and artistic in temperament, on a ranch in Idaho. Idaho is a although the wheat which he har586 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

vested and hauled by team from legal questions as to lose the proper do not know his superior. He is

Malad to Colliston brought him perspective of the case as a whole, an able and conscientious lawyer, only forty cents a bushel, and the and guided by a high and constant eminently successful in his private hay which he stacked on the ranch desire to promote justice, there is practice. Of late years such time

sold for $3.00 a ton; those were every assurance that had he conas he could give has been given to

profitable days. They gave him tinued to devote his great talents directorship work. He is an offian appreciation of the effort reto his chosen profession, he would cer and director of some of the

quired to produce things, and put have been a brilliant and outstandlargest and most important corhim in contact with the soil and ing member of the bar.* This porations of the state and is one

in touch with nature, all of which training and experience have given of the safest counselors at the Salt helped to sober his Lake Bar. Capacity,

thinking and to solidify versatility and dispatch his character. are among his characterThe people of the istics.

nearby settlements in Idaho became acquaintthe time of his seed with this young A'Tlection as an apostle rancher and discovered he was senior member that he was a man of of the law firm of Richability and learning and ards, Hart & VanDam they persuaded him to and had a lucrative accept the principalship practice, but on receivof the public schools of ing this appointment he

Malad. He carried this closed his office and gave

work forward efficiently his undivided attention and won the confidence to his new calling.

and esteem, not only of His political experihis teachers but of the ences are interesting. He Severalcommunity.

city attorwas elected afteryears when of he ney Murray, was visit a there onemade candidate the on Demohis friends remarked:of

cratic ticket for a memstill "Steve, you know legisstate ber of the youeverybody; why lature, candidate on andknow every dog cat Democratic ticket for

in Malad Valley!"the state senate, candiIt was while here that d a t e on Democratic

he was inspired with an ticket for city attorney ambition to become a of Salt Lake City, lawyer. Through his named for governor at

Merrill Irene acMrs. diligence heresourcefulness Richards the and Democratic convention in 1916

at Time of Marriage to after make enoughcumulated money having previously declined to his wife start. took run,a and He was defeated Goverby larger a vision broader and a and him entered tochildren and Arbor nor the Bamberger balfourth Ann on affairs. of understanding human

lot, the Univerof receivingthe the law department next highest result, his a in counjudgment As sity of Michigan from which many cil and his teachings in public and number of votes.

of the leading lawyers of Utah had in private are influenced by the His business ability is clearly he was In Michigangraduated.

is legal principles following: shown by the which He

ability. his forsoon recognized vicepresident for director accepts He hefundamental his guidance. and of

secclass his of orator andbecame a furchronicle Sugar family Amalgamated Company, Fromretary of the Webster Debating nished by his wife we quote: director and member of executive

Society. Michigan went from He first committee his the State case "Passed National of Utah bar—tried where ofto Chicago the University

I., director diin Bank, of 11, Z. C. 1905, January Malad, M. trainprofessional his completedhe rector of this case to referring Refining Oil In Idaho."Utah Coming. pany, vicepresident father, his director L. RichDr. Stephen and

'"PO those familiar with his splenards, said: 'The operation was of Granite Furniture Company,

did basic qualifications, his apsuccessful but the patient died."director of Zion's Securities Cortitude, the effectiveness with which Is this a veiled inference that he poration, Director of Temple

he works, his fidelity to the truth, lost the case? Square Hotel, president of Wasatch

his devotion to duty, his pleasing He is judicially minded. He can Land and Improvement Company.

personality, it is easy to underquickly analyze the most intricate Formerly president of Sugar Beet stand how he made such rapid and complicated problem and state Finance Corporation, an Intermeprogress in building for himself it with an unsurpassed clearness diary Company lending about an enviable place in the confidence and nicety of diction. His briefs $14,000,000 of War Finance Corof the community. Analytical in and discourses are models of the poration funds to local Sugar

his mental processes, yet not so best English. As an advocate we Companies about 1917 or 18.

technical in his consideration of Estimate of Jesse R. S. Budge. The love of home and kindred

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 587

The Farm—Pleasant View, Idaho The Present Richards Home

is the deep and dominant passion love which is at once strong and A good friend and a real pal to you and me."beautiful. his life,of and he knows how

all our desires were spoken Now whento his wifeto build His daughter Alice has voiced and a home through and knows how to make it an abiding in these lines the admiration which God smiled on us all and sent us to you'.

place for one's affections. the children hold for their father: ()N the occasion of Brother Rich

give "Now his birthday, ards'fiftysecond mind,"has L. RICHARDSgTEPHEN lawbrilliant a young Lynn, Said Brother meLynn—"Anda father withhe a mustbrilliantbe son, the rare capacity of making kind,"his father: yer, "Dear to wrote

realities, results ofdreams shaking Sister generous Louise, Echoed "and is this of too father: 18th month The

really unselfish situations. thro."thro confused andout of While And are me. a to glorious There day great father to be Kingly "I want my practical is artistic inhe is he temto the opportunity have few who

perament. Things must be beautienjoy the intimate association of

ful in perspective and fine in techso noble a character and so fond a nique to satisfy his taste. He is parent as I have been privileged to

a builder natural never has and is gratefulness enjoy. to you Mybuilt or anything cheap shabby. that only marred by my realization

isBuilding almost a passion witb failed influence I have such an with him. He felled, squared, and haulto attain a position comparable to

ed with a fourhorse team from a the opportunities I have enjoyed.

canyon forty miles away the logs But be that as it may, I neverthefirst hiswith which was home to you and less am grateful to mybuilt, little a neat beautiful and privilege this for Father Heavenly one on a ranch in Idaho. There * * * opportunity."and

a hospitalityis always his about replying, Brother Richards home that is at once chivalrous in parr. said

and warmhearted. "Dear Son: Few things could have been

The bride of his young manmore encouraging and comforting to me hood has fostered and encouraged than your letter. 1 am sincerely grateful

this native love for the beautiful for your devotion and your love. Your

which is so strong in him. Whether onelife ofandmyaffectionfondest areaspirations.the realizationTo haveof

it was a dirtroofed cabin on a reone's eldest son so noble and true with mote ranch or a modern home so much promise for the future must ever among the finest residences of the Stephen L. Richards be the consummation of a man's highest

city, Irene Richards would decorat Time of Marriage ideals."I pray that my other sons may emuate it, embellish it, and adorn it Whom men will honor and decorate,"late the example you have set for them.

above. council that great in * * * Said Lois that mysticwith atmosphere which

1 love father that vvant can a "I gracious been has and most Lord "The is artist a home.makes She an to will surely me,"he mean For I to merciful hope me. thank and him

all real art making and in home will Helen, what Said allAllie—-"Now, effective to to be able forth put your soon more

and has the finest feeling in it. father be?"effort to show my devotion. * * *

There is a congeniality, a com- "God will choose him and set him apart Affectionately, radery, a comity of interest beAnd hisonwisdomhigh and glory will reach Father."

tween this couple that has made the sky."VJTE are permitted through the

father "Yet surelyevery the my hour happy. He has

Gill, said Georgiaspirit adventure, of tempered with said too,""Understanding must Joe—"Now,human be,"to selectkindnessfrom aof personalMrs. Richardsrecord

caution: she has confidence in his Phil, some very interesting information

gay and charming, handsome, and And beautifully, team life. ards'early and The heroicjudgmentcourage—they,and admiration for his Will your father be dark like you with reference to Brother Richtoo?"their married life a long has been interare delightfully I see,"humorous already a "It's pretty big order

romance and their home a center Shouted young Dick, "but my father mingled in these experiences.

from which has radiated a filial must be (Continued on page 604)

*8&,""::; -%m

(flipped By FLORENCE HARTMANN TOWNSEND

Ah, wings are made,for birds and adventurous spirits, not for home folks, but wings do look so inviting! Just

to soar around up there with the birds and clouds!

1hHEY had always deep breaths of the cool spring air been called a "magnificent couple,"as she walked beside her husband, even in their courtship days, and her fingers clinging to his.

five years of marriage had not "What a day for plowing!"she

served to mar the term's meaning. exclaimed, her voice vibrant with

As they stepped out the back door life. "I envy you! But then it

of the little farmhouse together, will be a great day for washing heads bare and lifted, faces laughtoo.

ing and happy, the glory of the "Um huh."Walter's eyes swept

entire landscape seemed to pale mathe far torquoise sky. It would was like a miterially in comparison. They were be a great day for flying. Planes gratory bird at

both tall and straight and muscuwere passing over frequently, now flight season; restless,

lar, their faces, necks and arms that winter's back was broken, and uneasy, trying to stay tanned, their movements free and Walter felt again the old pricking on, yet bound to go at last.

rhythmical. The woman, while in his shoulders, like sprouting He said nothing of this to

only slightly less tall than the wings. Felt the old yearning in Marta, merely giving vent to

man, lost none of her feminine his heart, heard the strange call a twicebroken sigh, of which charm in size, j Her form was in his ears that made him to pause he was entirely unconscious.

rounded and graceful, and she carin his work so many itimes daily "Why the heavy sigh, dearest?"

ried herself like a queen, taking and lift his eyes and listen. He she laughed. "Surely you don't

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 589

have a wearyWillie feeling on a At the kitchen door she stopped cessful, because they had carried day like this?"and looked back. Walter was unout to the letter Marta's carefully

Walter smiled a trifle ruefully. locking the implement house door. made plans. It is not to be pre-

"I hate to admit it, but I fear such She shook herself a little, muttersumed that Walter was either inis the case. Remember, I never was ing, "Don't be a fool, Marta. competent or lacking in initiative,

a hog for work like you are."Walter's as steady as a die. And but it was a fact that Marta had

Marta laughed, spreading her he's yours."Pride and the joy both to a more striking degree.

arms and flexing her muscles. "My of possession spoke in that word. She was -the more aggressive, and

greatest desire is for more worlds because she so loved taking the to conquer,"she "Great reins in her hands, Walter own field in the thatwoolly OUT cleaning worlds need it. had allowed While Marta

the tractor. Walter running was plantingand and plowing—said. planned Walter dreamed, though

its loved the Marta of motor; hum scouring polishing and "And it. never suspected Marta

she loved even the running mapainting,"and chanted. Walter She acres wanted had of 200 chine, frequently so did and while 'Yes, actually that."you'd adore their it in wheat, so. 240 and was attended Walter other to matters. it is still as I've "But own my first crop for That the almost paid delighted in She seeing furrows thesmall to keep shipshape, world place. It a been year. had banner fall in sliced folds behind them,and the dishes the what with and there while been not anhad And disc the great and that preplow I guess I'd waiting betterwash it, like quite other been none had the pared for land the wheat wassay lifted goodbye."face her She bad. able to been had They buy especial pride. her the wheat When kiss. hisfor kissed her solemnHe a car. new house and barn The ear in the she was gaze would uponly, his fingers chin, under her and been had painted the impleand it the with anxiety of wonder and to about turnwas she away when built. shed ment Marta's Then a child. for mother her Martacaught to herself in him an imfather died had she fallen and had a farmer was born.pulsive embrace. released she Then a heir to estate. his share of Marta Walter not to had farm. wanted ranhim and the toward house, exactly she to knew what wanted fly. to had wanted He Marta Butcalling a bright over her goodbye with do the was Osat shuddered the a sight plane; of it—thereshoulder. borne the south. 80 on she afraid great heights, was of

both for herself and for her lover, because and Walter wanted Marta said nothWalter he than more wanted anything on ing. he? could money The How earth, he given his had up ambiMarta's. the was he felt But blows

fly tion to and promised had to of invisible an that was hammer farm.

They had been eminently sueshapingfeet; feltanotherthe swishshackleof invisiblefor his

shears that clipped his equally in- "How I'd like to pilot that beauty,"visible wings. It became clearer

cried he aloud. "What I wouldn't do to himself every day that he had with her!"

pulled the wool over his own eyes;

he had never meant to farm for long. He had meant, though

he had been unconscious of it at the time, to bring Marta around to his way of thinking about flying. He would woo her gradually, tactfully to an airminded attitude. Gosh, how easy it had

looked from that distance! And

how completely he had failed! For

Walter was not subtle and his attempts to lead her gently, to creep up on her blind side, had been awkward and telltale in the extreme. He remembered that even

on their honeymoon he had taken her to the flying field at Grahamville and tried to persuade her to fly; tried to persuade her to let him

fly. Then he had been actually

frightened at her white, sick face, and had penitently taken her away, post haste, and had rashly promised to forget flying and be content on the farm. It had rested at that;

Marta wedded to the earth, he to the sky, and they to each other.

It was midmorning when the 590 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

plane passed over, flying low, a if the pilot had not continued to lying deep within Walter's heart beautiful twopassenger monomake friendly advances. But it that just such an incident as this

plane of brilliant blue. Walter was as if the very Old Boy Himself might fan to flame. He had been

stopped the tractor to watch it. had a hand on the control stick, easy to handle when their marIt was like a great unearthly bird, for it not only returned daily, but riage was still new and free from

making straight into the east. circled the field again and again, disillusionments, and when he was

"How I'd love to pilot that to Walter's unbounded pain and still more the lover than the husbeauty!"he cried aloud.. "What delight. band. Now, she recognized, this

I wouldn't do with her!"He passion, should it be renewed,

it would be hard to stem or to turn shifted gear, his eyes still on the On the fifth day diminishing plane, when he nolighted not fifty yards from the into a different channel, as she ticed that it was turning, was cirtractor on the portion of the field had stemmed it on their honeycling back toward the field. How not yet plowed. In an instant moon.

slowly it seemed to come, yet he Walter was running toward it, face knew it was making great speed. glowing like a boy's, all thought

Now it was dropping incredibly, of his recent resolution forgotten. /\.N hour later Waltswooping like a butterfly over a He could no more have resisted its er's approach was announced by

rainpool. And then a hand and appeal than a child could resist a his whistling as he came up the

the pilot's head appeared over the pass to a circus. path. Marta smiled knowingly.

edge of the cockpit, and Walter The motor was still running He was so overflowing with good returned the -salute with a shout when he reached the spot. He spirits and especially with the big

and"a tossed hat. The plane talked to the pilot a few minutes news, that it was spilling over in

climbed back into the sky and above the roar of the engine. They an excess of cheery whistling.

Walter into the tractor seat where were friends at once, the common He peeped through the screen at he sat, uplifted, until the ship was tie serving as an introduction and her as he reached for the basin on lost in the distance. He looked at recommendation. The landing the back porch shelf, where he althe tractor with disgust, spat on had been made solely because the ways washed up. She did not

the innocent soil that awaited pilot had recognized a fan and note that his glance was particularturning and set the machine going. knew it would give the farmer a ly searching. She smiled in goodHis lips were set and his fine brow thrill. humored amusement.

furrowed. After the plane took off Walter "'Lo, Walt. Hungry?"

did not go back to the tractor for 'You bet I'm hungry."Under

MART A, hanging hata longin hand,time, motionless.but stood dreaming, hisstars.breathMartahehadn'tthankedseen histhe luckyplaneout the wash, had seen the plane Marta had seen the plane make or she'd meet him with an anxious

seen Walter's not shebut demhad forty questions. and its strained her look He landing and had

see, did onstration. at noon, She praises additional mumbled into if eyes to see there anything was to his preoccupation, sought and the face. as his dried towel he This she Walter wrong. But saw when talk of acquiring divert with him his lucky day. was hated Marta so in appeared long standing what

the Osborne eighty. Walter scarceto be merely a friendly conversathe very thought of flyers and

ly roar of a powerful heard. The flying, she could be and now decided the pilot tion, she had

still sounding was spared. for to merely landed ask in his probably

it a tractor not was letkitchen, into the He swungears—andmotor Still in directions. she the stood

visioning, motor. not 80 was He ting screen the slap to behind him watching. waiting, door doubt No acres to additional but be plowed, while he tracks table. to the made all she hear about would when

infinite to the the blue heavens of but things good, look little "Um-m, the to house. Walter came itA the explored, be to be probed, on sweet."tousled as hair her he He just ridged her pucker brow. She'd

blue wings of a mechanical bird. as soon the plane hadn't landed. sat down.Freedom, happiness—wings! There was always the possibility "Any reason why they should- "Tired, dear?"Marta inquired of a live spark of air interest still n't, consider who cooked 'em?"

solicitously. "Quite the contrary, only I

"Not a bit,"he grinned as cheerthink it would have been more befully as he could as he pushed back coming if you'd allowed me to say his chair. After all, Marta couldn't that."

help it if he were miserable. It "But I was afraid you wouldwas just the perversity of his own n t.

nature. He would put all thought

of airships and flying out of his mind, once and for all. Didn't he JLJ-E made believe at

have everything any normal man cutting her fingers with his knife, could wish for? Didn't Marta and fell silent. Marta, momenlove him and he Marta better than tarily expecting the narrative to

anything on earth? Well, then. begin, was silent also, and save for

It is possible that Walter might occasional comments on the food have carried out his wellintended or the request to have his glass renunciation had not the plane refilled, the meal passed in silence.

that he had quickly dubbed the Marta stole furtive glances at her

Bluebird made daily flights across husband's face and was frightened the 200 acres he was plowing, and (Continued on page 634)

G. Stanley McAllister

By CLAUDE C. CORNWALL

Behind many big movethis smiling, firey, keenminded youth from Utah.

ments boys from Utah are to be found doing their bit toQFFICIALS of Columbia had ward makmg the world more "Mac."beenTheyin dailyhad becomecontactattachedwith

vocative. to him by his genial, fetching personality. They could see also that

a rare ability to qualification—anINU.theS. executiveLines a officesmeetingof wasthe he knew his job, that he possessed

make a decision; to face a hard

being held to discuss arrangesituation and drive it to a sensible ments for a cruise of the S. S. conclusion.

Leviathan to Nova Scotia. The "What are you going to do

vice president turned to me and when you finish this building?"he

said, "Cornwall, get two men as was asked one day by the Columyour assistants for this cruise. You bia director.

know, some of those live young "Back to Cushman & Wakefield fellows who know how to handle to see what's next,"was Mac's a crowd. I'll leave it to you. Go answer.

and get 'em.""Oh no, you're not,"was the

A few minutes later I was at the reply. "You're staying with us

telephone and in touch with two for more money than they could

Utah boys, Stanley McAllister, of G. Stanley McAllister ever afford to pay you."

the Columbia Broadcasting SysAnd that was that.

tem and Lavoir Card, of N. B. C. So Stanley McAllister became

Both were willing to go and we manager of construction and instalhad a great cruise. lation for the Columbia BroadOne day after our return I was casting National Chain.

in McAllister's office ancfhe perOver in Bound Brook, New Jermitted me to take away the accomsey, stands a unique tower stretchpanying pictures, one of himself ing 665 feet skyward and looking and the other of the new Vertical not unlike a pointing finger. It

Aerial of station WABC, the key is perched on an 18 inch insulator station of the Columbia Broadsupported on a concrete base and casting system. held in place by four steel guy wires

stretching down 350 feet to con-

A LITTLE over four years ago crete anchors. This is "Mac's"

Stanley McAllister went to latest job. It was no mean task

New York and started work with to erect this steel tower on its tiny "Cushman & Wakefield."His asbase, to balance it perfectly and to

signment was office layout and make it secure against the wind.

building management. When the DUT there it stands. And radiColumbia Broadcasting Chain deating out from it daily are the

cided erect their to building new programs station sent from WABCthey appealed to Cushman & installation the new 50,000 watt

Wakefield for help. This was a which is another source of pride to

technical de- a skilled job requiring this young Utah. man from And

signer. McAllister given was the reception, reports in have come

task. from Canada, Mexico, Europe,

Day by day as the building proAustralia, The Philippines, Samoa gressed "Mac"was on the job. and from every state in the Union.

He followed every detail suggest- "Want to see an interesting draing materials for studio lining, armatic program broadcast?"Mac

rangement of space and location of asked me the other night when I apparatus, color schemes, corridors was again visiting with him at the and elevators, reception rooms, Columbia Building. "Sure I do,"

wiring, heating and lighting and I replied. "Well, come with me

I'll and re- a installation pass to other get youthe thousand 'Time Latest Mac's Job.

on,'It you'll marches see thenquirements. great job and was a how tower "looking not un- A 665foot

when completed a real triumph for like a pointing finger."it's done in a real studio."

<&flfe&

Panorama of Salt Lake City.

Tkejfieart

I. ASMUS BvBy ED>EDNA L/

is the place!"exclaimed Brigham Young, were 1000 miles away from any settlement, east orTHISeightyfive years ago,* when he and 147 west. The soil of their new sanctuary would produce

Mormon refugees looked down upon a valley nothing except through irrigation. Their first crop

of death from the mouth of Emigration Canyon. was a failure. Their second was almost completely

These immigrants saw but one lone tree in a dry, destroyed by crickets.

desolate waste stretching from the rugged range of That these brave souls lived through their trials the Wasatch mountains to the crystalline shores of must have been because they had grown superior toGreat Salt Lake. Yet their leader cried in exultation distress. But they did live, and—they multiplied!

had disciplined themselves content to be They withthat;the this was land, promised and they knelt upon life's necessities. barest comforts. few They had soilthe parched in prayerful thanksgiving to a beneficent God Luxuries were only a dream.

Perhaps to those poor travelweary souls who had But just as the ugly duckling of the fairy tale endured all manner of hardships and privations on the turned into a swan, so has that arid waste between the long trek across the valleys and plateaus to these Wasatch range and Great Salt Lake turned into a mountains of the west, that desolate Salt Lake valbeautiful city of lush green shade trees, riotous garley by very reason of its desolateness gave promise of dens, wide white avenues and sundrenched spires.

a haven secure from intrusion. And whoever seeks beauty, will, sooner or later, find Secure from intrusion, indeed! The very dreams his way to Salt Lake City—the heart of Utah, the

of man preclude such security. citadel of Mormonism, the gateway to a scenic west,

the fountainhead of a loftier living.

HPHE history of Salt Lake City has no counterpart. It is with this fourth distinguishing aspect of Salt

The first band of Mormon refugees were "tossed Lake City that I, as an easterner, am chiefly concerned:

naked"upon a grim frontier while behind them was Salt Lake City, the fountainhead of a loftier living.

"a flaming sword that turned every way."They I use the noun 'living"rather than the noun "life"

*July 24, 1847. advisedly. It limits the possibility of misinterpretaThis Chicago woman came and

visited Salt Lake City. Is the

"heart of Utah"as she describes it, what you have found it to be?ofUltah

tion. For it is only in the active manner or rule of life To the uninitiated, however, the Mormon is a

as it is exemplified by the folk in and around Salt Lake strange parcel of humanity whose notorious transCity that I am interested. gression has been polygamy, whose aspect and de-

'THERE are certain institutions of Salt Lake City meanor are peculiar and mysterious.

all familiar are whether with or not we which we as it may seem in this socalled enlightcity; are institutions just of CTRANGE as there visited thehave

other cities which have been made familiar to us by ened age, there is a vast amount of ignorance and means of newspapers, postcards, moving pictures, etc. misinformation about "those strange Mormons"who

By now everyone has become acquainted with the are nothing more or less than the Latterday Saints skysoaring contours of New York City's Empire known and recognized the world over!

State building; with Chicago's latest architectural But I digress. The purpose of this article is notprizewinner, the Palmolive building; with that to discuss Mormonism, its ramifications and—its revfriendly link of international good will, the bridge elations. Suffice it to say, however, that he who is

uniting Detroit, Michigan, with Windsor, Canada. purged of bias and prejudice will find much that is

Inventions mastering time and space have brought exemplary in Mormonism.

all the world to our threshold. Pisa's leaning tower, What we of the east expect to find in Salt Lake

Paris's Eiffel tower, London's buildings of ParliaCity beyond the already familiar, is impossible to ment are as familiar to us as the sights of our own say. I know a few folk who have departed from this

neighborhood. famous city disappointed and disillusioned. What

And so, the prospective visitor to Salt Lake City is caused such a reaction, I know not. Was it due to

already prepared to greet on terms of familiarity, the preconceived ideas not realized in fact? An unMormon Temple, the Tabernacle, the recreational sympathetic mood? Some annoying mishap? Bad

Saltair. The visitor is also cognizant of the fact that weather? Who knows?

Salt Lake City is the "Mormon City,"and the home All I know is that I arrived in Salt Lake City with of United States Senator Reed Smoot, who is almost an open mind, and that it won my heart comconstantly in the public eye. pletely. (Continued on page 623)

a

The Qjharm ofthe

By Ruth Muirhead Berry incomplete

Some people grow flowers and some—grow homes. Mrs.

Berry tells how she and her husband, Raymond A. Berry, the

writer, "grew"theirs.

years ago I was faced Frankly I could not endure the spurt left our home looking, ifTWOby a weighty problem in thought of having less of a home anything, worse than before we

Homebuilding. My husthan I had planned, and the needs started. As the old house had

band frankly stated that I could of our family demanded a someneither bath nor conveniences of have my choice of building a new what larger dwelling than most of any kind, we felt that it was imhome, complete but neither the those in the town where we lived. perative to build the service end

size nor kind for first. /I am sure

which I longed, that this was a or I could start wise decision the sort of home from many anwhich I desired gles, yet it left and leave it inthe front of our complete until home a sorry figsufficient funds ure for the nine arrived to finish months thatit—let them elapsed before we

come when they could start on would. our second spurt.

The first alternative did not UT at the end appeal. In the B'of sixteen

eight years of our months from the married life I had day we first tore seen a number of off the old kitchfriends build en and dining sta ndardized room and prebungalows, financed by a Building The Growing Home. pared /or battle, we had completed

and Loan Company and furnished enough of our plan to settle down, with installment furniture. Then As we were fond of company there free of debt, to worry through a

they would settle down for a ten must be a large livingroom and a depression that we had not seen year program of monthly payseparate dining room. Some place around the corner. Though inments before the place, somewhat must be provided where my huscomplete our home was far enough

a advanced at this time to attract theworn, would at last be their own. band could work—that meant

I confess to considerable dissatisstudy. Then there were three attention of all who came near

faction at times that we could not children, all under six, to be conand to win the prize of a most do the same. But the wife of a sidered when bedrooms were plansubstantial payment on an electric

struggling author must turn a deaf ned and who must have a large range through a Better Homes ear to voluble salesmen who asplayroom far removed from the Contest. At this point we now

sure her that she can have anything study. These items, together with wait, longing for its completion

she wants for a paltry ten dollars the views to be obtained from the but thankful beyond words for the down. various windows, formed the basis peace and security we feel without on which we began our plan—a mortgage in troublous times.

CO,we lived on and on in the plan that was changed and reAs it now stands the house has much downat-theheel little changed in process of construction six rooms entirely finished without house which had been built by my and many details of which may counting one bath, laundry, amusehusband's grandfather. But we yet be altered, though the main ment room in basement, furnace

struggled toward and dreamed of ideas must remain always. room and vegetable cellar. Those

a new home, designed according to While 1 said over and over to six rooms are two bedrooms upour needs, until the idays came myself that childhood, spring, edustairs, one on the main floor, a when the editors'hearts were cation, and most of the desirable large living room, dining room and opened and checks poured in at a things of life were charming bekitchen. Remaining to 'be finished

rate which gave us assurance to cause of their incompleteness, I when the halcyon days return build. shall have to own that our first again are two more bedrooms and

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 595

Corners in the evolving house.

a bath upstairs and my husband's the building solid, even if the cortitions before enough nails were study downstairs. No one from ners were none of them square. driven to make the cost prohibitive.

the outside, however, would guess This home was (dear to me and An architect connected with the that these rooms are not quite as had, I felt, become a home in the lumberyard made first plans and done as the rest. Curtains hang sense that it had already seen "a blue prints but he was too far

at the windows and, unless some heap o'livin',"so, against the adaway for much consultation. As

curious soul presses his nose against vice of the lumberman, (carpenters the work was not done by conthe glass, he is none the wiser. Nor and all concerned, we clung to our tract and much of our saving was

can this deception be detected from original decision and insisted upon to be made by overseeing the prothe inside when doors are properremodeling. Here I must own that ject ourselves, I hunted through

ly closed. Incidentally all the magazines deal-

I might add that an ating with home building tached garage and a which I could buy.

closed porch that may When I found cupbe used in winter as a boards, windows, flower room are dreams doors, attractive corners too far off to assume and so on to my liking, any visible form at pres- I carried these pictures ent. to the Italian carpenter

who was bossing the gECAUSE I wanted job. As I knew no

a rambling, farmtechnical terms and he house type, similar to was unacquainted with those built in New Engthe sort of home I deland and the Middle sired, we had more or

Eastern States in the less trouble at first getearly part of the eighteenth century The Living Room and Great Oldting together. But I soon found

and, because the job was a remodfashioned Fireplace. that he could make positively anyeled one and much limited in many thing to suit me if there was a

ways, my chances of getting my there was no economy in this expicture by which he could go.

desires piece meal were perhaps cept for the fact that we always From then on we worked entirely greater than would have been poshad a part of a home where we from magazines. When still unsible with any other type of house. could live without paying rent certain, he made forms in miniature

The old home had a main part while work was going on. Alto go by, exercising the most wonconsisting of four square rooms, though this was not always pleasderful patience with my changing

two above and two below, each ant it had its rewards, the chief desires. He even constructed rough

pair divided by a stairway which one being that I was always on gables for our dormer windows must have been crossed with a hand and could change my ideas and set them at various places on ladder. However the timbers were about the location of bathroom the old roof while my husband

large and of native cut lumber and fixtures, doors, windows and par- (Continued on page 622) ye eeing Ihrough a vjlass>\ C By WALTER P. COTTAM, Ph. D.

Dr. Walter P. Cottam, whose excellent pictures have won prizes

and favorable comment from the most fastidious, here gives a few pointers on how to take pictures. Though he is a scientist not a photographer

at all except as an amateur, his photographs carry so much of his personality in them that they have been hung in homes as works of genuine creative art.

modern invenpicture making has to doFEWtions have entered with the selection of submore widely into ject matter with its propthe economic life and the er highlights and shadgeneral enjoyment of ows. Unfortunately or

mankind than the camfortunately there are no era. Through this glass precise and mechanical

eye man records events rules to follow in the and things with a speed mastery of this importand precision which far ant, more difficult, and excels the human eye. highly fascinating phase

Through it he peers into of photographic art.

a thousand invisible True there are certain worlds of both heaven fundamental laws of and earth; in fact no composition; of rhythm

branch of science or art and balance; of light and

today could dispense shade, which govern the with photography. artist with his brush, and

But to the average the successful photoselection in the but and inexpensmoderneye—amind a camera is a third grapher must learn these; his subject execution of catchesive luxury which

smiles, sunsets, baby's matter, the photographic first tooth and a thouartist has an opportunity sand aesthetic moments for the expression of his dear to the human heart own personality and here and preserves them with lies the real thrill of piclasting and unerring fiture making.

isdelity. of the easiest short Photography One

Pictorial Beauty The this compoof a science photographer and an art amateurboth It has sition attained the cuts for the snapping was by led thousands into a finer apprepicture in the direction of the light to take in his quest of the knowlciation of nature and to a wider source. edge of how to make good picsympathy and interest in the protures, is to study good pictures.

fessional artist and his message to One arrives at his photographic He should attend the numerous mankind. Few people can truthgoal, if ever, only through careful exhibitions of art which our state

fully say that they care nothing study and honest application. offers each year as well as the perfor fine pictures, and fewer perThere are two phases to pictorimanent collections to be found in

haps there are who do not carry al photography which one must many public buildings throughout a secret wish that they knew more master in order to make good picthe state. The best book on this

about pictorial art. tures. The first is the mechanical subject which the writer has seen

and chemical phase which deals is one called "Photography and

T7EW really fine photographs are with the camera and the photoFine Art,"by Henry Turner produced by accident, and graphic film. There are precise Bailey, and published by the Davis

there is no easy road to efficiency rules to follow in the mastery of Press, Worcester, Mass.

in this art any more than there the mechanics of the camera and is to any other worthwhile human any photographic shop will be very A FTER the mastery of the meaccomplishment, despite the fact happy indeed to help the amateur chanics of the camera, the first that in taking a picture one merely with these problems. problem which confronts the phoreleases a mechanical contrivance. The second or artistic phase of tographic artist is the selection of

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 597

This picture though good in composition owes Good pictures must carry rhythm and balance in much to highlights and shadows. their composition.

his subject matter. Too often one often the only means at the phoalways be shaded when taking a

never expects to find this close at tographer's command in effecting picture toward the sun, but one home and more often than not proper subordination of accessory must remember that the more and there is an opportunity for an exdetails in the picture as well as acvaried the highlights and shadows, cellent picture at your very doorcentuating the important ones. In other things being equal, the greatstep. When the subject is finally fact every beautiful photograph er the chances for unusual pictorial

owes as much or more to beauty.

highlights and shadows as 5. The light is much stronger

it does to artistic compoat noon than in midafternoon or sition. Since each type of morning. The successful amateur

subject matter demands its watches his camera diaphragm own lighting, no hard and closely and adjusts it to suit the fast rules can be laid down time or condition of day. A miswhich the amateur may take of exposure is certain to ruin

follow, but there are cerany picture no matter how caretain general facts regarding fully one has selected his compolight quality which should sition.

always be kept in mind. 6. One should not be in a hurry

1. Distant objects alto snap his picture unless the suways receive more light preme moment has arrived. It is

and are registered more a good policy to select one's comstrongly on the photoposition and then note the effect graphic plate than near obof light changes on the subject mat-

A good picture should contain a single jects. ter. The successful photographer

interest. The rectangle outlines a scene of 2. Noonday, especially waits his time even though it rerare pictorial quality. if the sun is shining brightquires hours, days, or even a change

ly, is a poor time for landin season, selected there are problems usually scape pictures because shadof isolating it from a world of ows are too heavy in the conflicting interests. Here the foreground and too often

artist with the brush has much absent in the background.

simpler problems, for if a tree or 3. Misty or partly

shed is in the way, he needs only cloudy days, contrary to to omit them from the picture, popular belief, often offer but the omnipotent glass eye of the finest opportunity to the camera is sure to record these the landscape photograwith disturbing detail. Sometimes pher, and generally furnish

by merely shifting the camera a the best possible light for few feet these objectional details portrait study.

are wholly removed or subdued in 4. The general photothe foreground. graphic rule never to take

a picture with the camera 'HpHE successful landscape photofacing the sun is often congrapher is always one who trary to the best pictorial The amateur photographer often looks studies carefully the light relationeffects. It is true that the "too high for things close by"when it comes

ships to his subject matter. It is lens of the camera should to the selection of subject matter.

<iAJioolandtlisWager By GLYNN BENNION Wagers are always bad—this one

turned out to be desperately serious.

Glynn Bennion reaches into early history and gives an pld story a new turn.

and inspired boasting of alarming escapades to the disparagement of all peace officers. Certainly it challenged his irrepressible talent for mischief. And then

he made a foolish wager.

But whatever the causes leading to his ruin, on this day the Kid rode down to the post road at the edge of the sand and prepared an ambush for the mail, and a half hour later was spurring wickedly t his horse lunging mightily, up into the white symmetrical-crested sand dunes. One hand tightly gripped

a package of registered letters. Behind him a flabbergasted old mail driver was commencing to drag

away the obstructions that had been pulled into the road to halt his ancient car. 4

holdup of the mail as he had expected hadTHEbeen ridiculously easy. The thrill of

reckless daring still flushed the Kid's exultant face.

No glimmer of the enormity of the thing he had just done had yet begun to tug at the corners

Illustrations by of his mouth.

Presently the San Pete Kid was out of

Harris Weberg sight of the road, plunging southward in a sea of huge sand billows.

Quickly realizing that no horse could long keep to a gallop in such soft footing, the kid checked to a trot, and then to a walk when the going was uphill. floundered horse The had been quieter disposition of a I F he as if in snow. the Kid's But this newcomer from Pete San easily might have

won the good will of his older mates at the Bar M, body was tense with impafor he was clever and willing enough. But he was tience to be hurrying on, his

full of all the noisy, reckless deviltry natural to a spurs flicking ceaselessly, pinkcheeked, blond young cowboy only recently without quite touching his y\ escaped from home restraints to the freedom of man mount's heaving sides. camps. For he must beat the stage At

The consequent disfavor shown him was no sign he had held up to the post of a general abhorrence of evil at the Bar M, for office at. Six Mile, deposit his

that outfit was as tough as any. Rather it was an loot therein, and escape withexpression of the impulse normal to all societies, out getting caught in order to

human or otherwise, to reduce youthful conceit and collect his bet at the Bar M and cause the acceptance of the standards of the more later have his laugh at the old mail experienced. But the San Pete Kid seemed to thrive carrier. His course lay straight across

on hazing. a twomile-wide cape flung out from the

One of the first things he noticed at the Bar M, great sand desert, while the road skirting it, and that irked him especially, was an undercurrent which the mail he raced must follow, was at of sincere respect for the local sheriff, Jim Thibault. least twenty miles long.

This doubtless was a factor in the Kid's incessant The kid figured to arrive at the post office, where

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 599

he was unknown, in the drowsy afternoon. No to a sitting posture and brushed stupidly at the dust

one would notice him deposit the registered mail, and in his hair. No need to hope that his horse, now

he would quickly be galloping away, with the big vainly trying to rise, had not broken a leg. The

laugh on the Bar M and their sheriff. kid had heard a snap like the breaking of a pick

Noticing a narrow strip of hardpan nearly paralhandle.

leling his course for some distance where a freak Getting to his feet the youth picked up his fallen of the wind had swept the sand clean from the clay revolver and walked back to his horse. For a mounderneath it, he turned his grateful horse down ment he stroked the doomed animal's soft muzzle.

into this place of firm footing and spurred into a run. There was only one humane thing to do and as much

No sooner was he down in the hollow, however, than as it hurt him he did it.

his eyes were eagerly searching the south end for the Minute after minute the bareheaded youth stood easiest ascent back up into the dunes again. staring at the quiet horse. He was aging at the rate

This was a mistake. He should have been vigilantof a year a minute. All his fun was turned to ashes

ly watching the hardpan ahead of his horse's flying now. His unseeing eyes for once were turned on his

hoofs for the badger holes pitting its surface. For own colossal asininity.

suddenly his horse dropped sickeningly from beneath Finally looking around for his hat, he noticed the him and he was flying through the air. He landed packet of regiswith a bruising thump on the hard surface and W&h tered letters where

rolled barely clear of the kneeling horse's heels. they lay scattered

and torn. The

OR a little while he was too badly thickest envelope stunned by the fall to do more than fight for the he saw, with a sickbreath knocked out of him. Then the Kid rolled ening sense of dis-

-OSL,

- Vis*V<?///,<..

aster, had broken open, displaying a sheaf of bills.

No chance now, the Kid knew, to beat the stage with its story of the loot of the mail pouch into Six

Mile. Nor any chance to prove

that the whole affair was a joke, the result of a reckless wager. Suddenly

the Kid realized that he was an outlaw, with the long arm of Uncle Sam after him.

In a little over an hour men would be at the scene of the holdup, and fifteen minutes later would find the dead horse.

his chances for escape, mind—futileA storm ofassessmentfrantic emotionsof swept the Kid's

desperate fear of consequences, self pity and vain regret for the tough break which had killed his horse and left him afoot, without food or water, where every step of attempted escape only added to a plain.:Wr.-U &<*> trail for horseback trackers to follow. What mercy

might he expect if he waited and submitted to arrest?

'->:. - it No one would believe his story that he didn't mean

ffs, But the older man whirled and struck to keep anything from the mail. They would laugh

like a coiled rattler. and say that if his horse hadn't broken its leg he

600 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

would have escaped the with the Kid's it if that even mind were ward, climbing on hands and money. visions Kid The had of this found by so virtuous sheriff, knees lee up sides the of the dunes Fort Leavenworth, the torture slow perhaps else no one ever would while the moving sand poured on of hopeless incarceration. it. know sense for Common once if as him from above in buckets skin his of face The tight, drew side the on of cupidity, and no full, and 'then leaning into the baring his teeth in the terrified time for studied decision, the screaming, stinging as fury he snarl a of trapped animal, his but youth thrust the roll bills of into plunged over the on top and clown eyes gradually cold became and his pocket and turned into the the sides. windward bleak with determination. had teeth He of the wind. kept longer up The wind than a gun and cartridges left. some to see Unable anything, he the expected, Kid orand under fight He'd out his chances to the judged the that only to keep way dinary circumstances he would bitter end. going his toward hastily chosen felt have terribly himself abused

objective was to keep the wind in by the experience. The skin of Finally the Kid's his face. For he was now deterhis face and hands was chiseled attention attracted was to to the mined find the hideout of the driving raw particles by the and flight of time the slightly Tintic al-. by outlaws. his clothes hair full and of were

tered direction of his shadow. it. scarcely he But noticed now Glancing toward the lowering sun smothering in the choking agony into bored OOON and

to estimate the hour he nonow the blinding, choking welter, its he enveloping like fury a woundticed the cloudbank of a small tied over his bandanna his mouth into safety ed buck the a of thorny thunderstorm, moving slowly and nose, hoping the rag would thicket.

northward miles some of west him. filter of some the sand the Presently, from however, the wind

filled Suddenly he was hope. with air. he Then plodded blindly forslackened noticeably and then Familiar these with desert storms,

he knew that presently a wind blowing out from the shower would reach him, stirring the dry sand. To get away while the

wind drifted over his tracks!

Quickly he was tearing up his saddle blankets and wrapping his feet with the strips to minimize the indentations of his footprints.

His prediction of wind proved,:,;".,< i

correct, for even as he was thus '"'''.;""'tf$?ffi$&L

occupied a sudden eddying gust whirled away the scattered packet of letters. The kid dropped his

work and sprang instinctively after them, a natural reflex driving Top of the World him to save the money. By Vesta Pierce Crawford

trails are calling me FAMILIAR captured fluttering the Having the From of sage desert the gray;

bills, soulbud bursts with to paused the at My the Kid look life sap of

I must be and up away! feelings. withthem Since mixed

he had never intended to keep anyTheTo trailsummitsleadsbleakon pastand firhigh,and spruce thing from the mail, the best thing Where forests fade at timber line to do, he thought, was to leave And twisted balsams die!

the money with the letters at the TheAlongewestheandraggedbleatingledge,lambs will climb saddle find. for the officers to At FarTo upsnifftheitssavageshiningtopmostedge! cragthat moment, however, he was enveloped in a roaring blast, the ThenTo earth'sI with ownladensilvermulesbrim,will come

backwash from the passing thunWhereEtchedwe'llon itsbe gleamingshapes of rimpulsing joyderstorm, smothered in driving, stinging sand that pelted like hail.

No time to lose now—such a

wind, he knew, might not last more than thirty minutes, and by that time he must be two miles away from there.

Once more he considered the damning money in his hand as he leaned against the blast. The sun

had been blotted out in dust. This

cross wind, blowing at right angles to the prevailing ones, would probably bury the dead horse. No use

leaving the money if it were never found. And the suspicion entered

Drawing by Cecil Smith The Improvement Era for August, 1932 601

gradually died to a whisper. The brought daylight and the sun, but buried in the shifting sands and

thunderstorm, having passed sevno wind. He remembered that of their being uncovered by thirsty

eral miles to the westward, was during the haying season on the mustangs as late as July. Thoughtnow too far away to affect the atranch the wind, nightmare of hay lessly obeying the impulse of his

mosphere. The Kid, exhausted, pitchers, usually started up about thirst he arose at once and started

dropped on the sand, glad of the midforenoon. Thus all morning eagerly toward the horses. Alrespite. Then he removed his he hoped for a trackobliterating most instantly, however, he checkclothes to the skin, shaking out wind and watched for a sheriff's ed himself and sought to hide

what sand he could before replacposse. He could see only a short again, for he realized that by the

ing them. distance in that sea of billowing same token that the preoccupied

But now another problem predunes. Every half hour brought mustangs proclaimed the absence

sented itself. A posse might be an increase of heat from the mountof a visible posse, the sudden flight

baffled by the covering up of his ing sun and his dried throat and of the horses might arouse possible tracks, but, weatherwise, they thickening tongue told him he was hidden watchers. But brief as was

would circle the spot of the holdcommencing to choke to death. his exposure, he was seen by the

up until they cut his sign made Then he was startled suddenly watchful, suspicious animals and after the wind subsided. Safety by the brief whinny of a horse the stallion snorted his alarm. Imlay only in making no tracks in and dropped low in a hollow he mediately the whole band broke

still weather. had scooped in the sand to hide into flight.

But it might not blow again, himself. Presently he ventured to There being now no good reason

the Kid knew, for a long time. look out and instantly forgot his for delaying, and driven by a cruel

Already he was very thirsty, and scare in the sight of a band of wild need, the Kid quickly moved to knew that he must have water behorses trailing through the sand. the place vacated by the horses and

fore long if he lived. Far to the No need to worry now about a began scraping away the sand from

northwestward the peaks of the posse. If horsemen were anywhere the coarse snow. It took a long

Tintics, blue with distance, beckin sight, he knew, those horses time to jslake his thirst. Finally

oned with their promise of safety. would be aware of it and run satisfied, he stood up to survey

But to reach them, he knew, he away. the situation and decide what to

must have food and water. The horses were moving toward do. Then his body suddenly stifThus for an hour [or more the the nearest water, doubtless, and fened, for his first sweeping glance

Kid sweated under the fierce presthe kid wished he were astride one picked up the form of a rider, leadsure of the sun in the now sultry of them. They were isoon lost ing a pack horse, slowly plodding

stillness of the late afternoon strugto view as they followed slowly through the sand toward him. Ingling with his indecision. Mostly their sinuous trail through the stantly checking the impulse to

he shielded his eyes from the paindunes, but presently came in sight jump out of sight, for he realized ful glare cast up by the whitish again on the north slope of a big that he had already been seen, the sand, but every once in awhile his dune. The Kid was surprised to Kid stood still, steadying his badeyes focused wistfully on the dim, see them halt there, scatter about ly shaken nerves with a great effaraway peaks. and commence pawing in the sand. fort, grimly watching the progress

But presently the swiftly falling Then some of them thrust their of the newcomer.

sun relented, and the sand became noses into the holes they had approached, the horseman Ascomfortable. Kid, wearied they someas though found pawed by The

revived. This lone Kid's hopes to eat, yielded to body, the thing there andstress of mind more the and connected surely not wasa islept, pleasant aggressive drowsiness ones to began and whip some pilgrim

pursuit. of rough His a posse withforgetting the their fear torture of of these holes and from away

face proclaimstubbled clothes andthirst. kicking. squealing with and much

Snow! i ed him no town dweller, the Kid

HOURS later when judged;pector. he must be a desert prosrest night a desert of cold the and beKid had heard ThLHE spirits in a rose Kid's the Then fatigue, cleared of brain hishad being snowbanks fore of winter toughhope. surge of This great their fear to returnedthe devils of

business and he awoke in a sweaty looking wanderer could be none panic. Whereas the (day before, other than Black Darmstaedter, the

the desert had gathered him under "Waiting"hardbitten outcast he had hoped its wings with a rough motherto join somewhere in the Tintics, liness, now, in the ghostly starBy G. Selandec in whose jdomain he would find

appearance sanctuary. man's The relight, his seemed surroundings creep, evening shadows and A LONE, the exactly of the noimage aloof. ** a little to think and fitted timemotely withdrawn, coldly I want

Again jhe was urged toward the weep. torious, almost legendary, characlast ray the sun's lonesome, and I'm built Kid's in the ter carried mind, while mountains the ofsafety

eyes, a dreary to closed Has human fancy Kid's and day partly by the own strength remainedmoisture and their waiting birds seek night in Alone, and his body, but again he was deterred mate. partly by description by those who

by the fear of making and leaving While I may sigh and long and only claimed to have seen the outlaw.

wait: was suddenly buoyant, The Kid a of telltale tracks.his hope The

So sad as life. this twilight hour without your large side of on the was windmorning kiss,

remaining, so he burrowed to a I seek the haven of your arms, but get "Howdy, Blackie, travelin'or warmer depth and waited. just this! jist goin'somewheres?"he greeted

At last the dragging hours (Continued on page 63 O

Tliking IVe Will Qo By WILLIAM C. WESSELL

FROMeverywhere,the widecomesopenthespacescall songsforest. of Nothe outdoors,jazz, but happyfolk songs,songs Equipment

of the forest, the dell and of youth. There are a number of AN army with sore feet is half

the glade, the majestic mountain songs which are especially approdefeated. It is sound advice

and the wide open plain. Kipling priate for hiking, such as: The Far to wear shoes before you put them

expresses this call in, "Something Northland; Three Good Turns; on—for a hike. New shoes should

Hidden. Go and find it. Go be thoroughly broken in beand look "behind the ranges fore using them for hiking.

something lost behind the Tennis shoes are good for ranges. Lost and waiting resting one's feet at the end

for you. Go!"of the trip, but are not of

When this irresistible call sufficient heft to protect the is answered by the irrepresfeet against bruising. Princess

sible urge called "Wanderheels are in a class with stilts lust,"is it any wonder that when it comes to hiking.

we hit for the trail with the Take your choice, but do not foot striking fire at every come with me. Wear sensistep? The air tastes like a ble, sturdy shoes and enjoy

new and fine mixture and we the trip.

accumulate force and gladness Woolen socks are generally as we tramp along. Whither recommended for those who

to? It matters not. For my can wear them. They cushion

part, I travel not to go anythe feet and carry off perspirawhere, but to go. Distance tion better than other mais not an aim. terials, such as cotton, silk,

or various mixtures. It is adSing as You Go visable, at best to take an

extra pair of socks or stockLet us open our hearts by W ings in a pocket or small cansinging an appropriate tune. vas bag, suspended over one

The Campers'Song expresses shoulder, for a restful change our sentiments: on a long tramp.

All clothing should be trail air, the toFollow the open fit incomfortably, loose and hills the Alone with sky; and

belt; let that the be cluding pack back a on never your andA

care, a broad one. Knickers, or

Letting the days slip by. shorts are most comfortable

and permit the greatest ease

'Healing fragrance of in pines the extra leg of movement. An dark

travels highways someone ahead shirt On be or should sweater wool from; fire; the camper's Glow as a Likewise, turns safeguard. on slipin the canvas bag andStarlight and shadow music and trails little carried the party at of waves, someone some While the curls grey high'r. resting. smoke while ped on distance.

The kit bag should contain a trail the to air,Follow the open a like: matches, small few items Scout Song; Marching and Church Letting slip the days by,

pencil, or flashlight, map, lips, smile all in your a song on in candle your heart, in the written Wildwood,A kit. The woodsman carries One with the hills—Agathaand sky. Deming. tourbeatwith other measure.fine songs canThesebe foundalong knife,aid compass, shoe lace, and first

in "Songs Scouts Sing."these in a ditty bag, the seaman in

A SONG on the trail lightens Of course, the happy song dies the slop chest.

the heart and also the pack. down when the shoes don't fit. to HikeEuropean boys and girls are known Try as hard as you like to sing; How

are taking thefor their happy songs as they hike "Hike along—hike along—hike TN the event you

along the way. The mouth organ along with stride so free."The first hike of the season, take it

as well as the guitar with all of its rest of the rhyme is likely to be: easy. Get limbered up. The first

many colored ribbons appear to be "But when you get a blister, you few hikes with young people inseparable items on every trip. I can't let the old fellow be,"and should be rambles, short trips on

have seen them playing violin and that brings up to the subject of which to practice the technique of accordion while hiking through the personal gear. hiking.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 603

The Author (left) and Oscar A. KirkTrail's end and everybody happy—

ham (right), camping in England. and everybody brought an extra wrap.

Remind them to keep their will not permit us to go into some for starting, destination, food to shoulders down and chest up, and of the more important phases of be brought, cooking equipment (if look straight ahead. The stride first aid. necessary) and expenses for possiis long and free. Put the feet down ble return fare necessary in the

flat, heel first, toes pointed straight Food event of unexpected weather conahead, and the swing in alternate ditions or delays. Also an anrhythm with the legs; breathing in A SIDE from the regular trail nouncement of the approximate

deep and long. Weston, who hiked lunch, wrapped and tucked in time for return. Allow for extra

45 miles ja day for 77 days, adthe canvas bag, carry a drinking time so as to keep on schedule vised not to lift the weight of the when returning.

body a fraction of an inch above All footgear is inspected before the height necessary to swing the starting. The slowest hiker, espeother foot forward. cially on the return trip, heads

the column. A periodic check is

made of all hikers, a rollcall is

First Aid made at the time of dispersal, else hikers are checked off as they best said the that OH theCOMEONE GRQUHD leave the party. is a blister place to have to have

it under your foot so no one else can step on it. Better still, let's Program

avoid this encumbrance altogether, if possible. Blisters usually an- T? VERY trip for groups should

nounce their arrival by causing an cup and a few snacks for munchbe planned, however informal irritation where the shoe presses or ing such as dried raisins or prunes, it may be. One or two miles is

rubs against the foot. A piece of Swedish ryecrisp, hikers'chocolate usually enough for a green group

adhesive tape plastered over the and some fresh fruit. Wise hikers of youngsters. Keep a record of

irritation will protect the skin wait until they are cooled off beevery trip taken with a photoagainst further irritation and thus fore drinking water. Lest we forgraph, sketch and an account for

forestall the blister. get, water is the best thirst quenchfuture reference. This information

Do not open a blister, it will er. should include: date, time required,

go down of itself after new skin distance, cost, things observed, is formed underneath. A vial conLeadership good turns, permission from owntaining boracic acid powder comes er, hazards, improvements, historic

in handy to sooth a broken blister A LEADER should consider a interest, geological data, nature after which it should be padded number of important things study notes, program and recomwith clean gauze. while planning a hike for young mendations. A narrative account,

Foot burn resulting after a long people. It is advisable, for inor an original bit of poetry about

hike can be eased with a hot soap stance, that two adults should go the trip written by a member of bath after which the feet are sprinon the trip, so that one can take the party might be included while is the inkled with foot powder. care of the group while the other on the trip—and that

Vinegar sopped on with a bit of takes care of the particular emerteresting part of a game it—playcribbage.cotton is a good protection against gency case in question. or two such as roadside

sunburn. A wash with yellow Definite instructions should be One leader reported having his

soap is an effective treatment after issued in advance of a hike as to group look for white horse hairs being exposed to poison ivy. Space permission, date, time and place along the road.

604 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

'Marshniallow Time"

Every hike might call for some seasoned hiker. Physically strong developed along the way; good

special emphasis according to the hikes as a test of what can be turn hikes to help or to protect the season of the year and acquaintance accomplished, if need be. Emernext wayfarer in some way which

with the territory in which it is gency crosscountry hikes, prehe or anyone else may never know conducted. Take your choice: hisparedness hikes to solve problems, of; early morning strolls for natoric trips to old land marks, adobstacle hikes to overcome barriers, ture study, late evening outings to

venture and exploration trips, colmobilization hikes for assembly at study stars, Harvest Hikes, Conserlecting minerals or fossils, identifygiven time and place. Hikes for vation Hikes; educational and

ing birds, trees, flowers; studying speed, using Scouts'pace with 50 Industrial Hikes. Whatever they

animal tracks in winter, catching paces for walking and 50 for runbe, let's hike for the sheer joy and aquatic life in the spring. A starning alternately. This serves as a exhilaration. The Scout Handbook

vation hike in the fall, calls for measure of time and distance, says: "One can walk the woods for

knowledge of plants and herbs, namely one mile in twelve minutes. a half century and still find new

since is are expected you to cook just at This it is. the beginning joys of what so therein"—and least complete one edible be done, meal from for there are might comthe every bend in trail urge May

plant foods, collected on the trip. pass hikes, which follow given disyou on to the next, and the next,

Barefooted hikes; bad weather and tances and directions; sealedorder and the next I

storm hikes, as a challenge to the hikes in which new situations are *>—lti!Jfcofr—-*

[Stephen L. Richards Continuedpage from5 87

"Cut four teeth at four months,"and "While in a canyon one day he saw "He drove the second auto south of add, a his teeth all of line his we fisherman may with wisdom hooked in a Provo through Bear Valley and Panearly. tree. the difficulty Seeing said: Stephen guitch."before the was days That of ten years a of 'Shall off age drove that he I shoot for limb "When you?'

self starters. highways or for "Farmers it,'a furwith loaded hayrack can't wagon hit with fisher- 'No, the worried you

niture from Farmington to Sugar House man answered. In a little while again twenty miles around brought their families

and led a cow. Good for a tenyear-old Stephen said: 'Better let me shoot the to see the auto pass on the road."It

boy. limb off.'The man answered: 'Go away, was a real curiosity in those days.

sleighit.''While riding can't in boy, peravenue an on Steve do you But since has driven by auto from "He city the he sisted finally into horse run was the exasperated by a and comman

to Francisco."Boston San ing of alley an out his leg said: 'Fire cut which hit away, can't it.'Steve you

badly. While they were sewing up the knew he could and he did. 'By jove,

he free the other leg got kid, eye. wound got and you've a good Thanks.'regret limits of this that the We

the kicked across the Doctor a room.'lassoed rodeo He he "At wild horse article are inthat cannot such we first 'soccer'as a probably starred have would the with of the throw a lariat,"—an experiences. clude player. other his numerous echo of ranch days.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 605

QTEPHEN L. RICHARDS is an

eloquent preacher. He is logical and philosophical in his thinking, with a poetic imagination,

rare descriptive powers, and a clear,well modulated, oratund voice. His rize tnners

sermons are compact with meaning and convincing in argument. One T) ABIES, Indian and white, are

never hears or reads his discourses an important crop of the vast on such subjects as "The Home,"empire known as the Uintah Basin, "The Power of Resistance,""Peraccording to Erastus Peterson, sonality of God,""Youth,"and County Agricultural Agent who kindred topics without being lifted has been one of the organizers of up and impressed with his magnithe Uintah Basin Industrial Conficent interpretation of "Mormonference which is held each summer ism"and his tolerant, appealing at Fort Duchesne.

attitude toward humanity. We We are showing here the two

quote from his discourse on prize winners of last year, one rep- "Youth": resenting each race. Delsa Durfee,

"Youth should know that obedience is the little white champion seems to not bondage but liberty—liberty unenjoy her popularity. She has a

der law; that the only real freedom is regular screenstar smile. But little

weaknesses,freedom our from from the Alfred Otto Root seems to be wonvices, the conscience of remorse and the infraction of law. When youth underdering what it is all about.

stands that the bending of the will in Both babies were presented to obedience tends to liberty and joy, then an interested multitude last sumlawlessness, disrespect, and irreverence will mer after competent judges hadwane. * * *

"What a glorious age of promise youth given their decisions. The Daddy

is, when life is in the bud and early of Alfred Otto, a young Ute husblossom, when each experience is fresh band, seemed to be as proud of his

I curiosity adventure. thinkwith and

is the dusky son as any of the white menthat if anything it envy we maylife and vitality of youth. I would not could be. Who could blame him, for

rob it of its joy and its sparkle; I would the little chap weighed 19 pounds

only add to its richness by securing its at six months and was a fine speciyears. the passingenjoyment through of young babyhood. I men

the a real appreciation of thatknow U. B. The that. truth willgospel will Gospel do I. C—You Bet I

initials the say spirit, stand thealso impulses the of quicken Can—some

It life is spirit 'man. the the ofand Alfred Otto Root this be at held year Fort for—will increases visions lbs.unfolds knowledge as 19 new 6 Months. early in Duchesne People August.

life visions ever these keep new,and new vast the basin from all over and is life even there the gospel youthso in in old age. oldtimers who now reside in other

"God bless youth that they may unplaces but can't resist the urge to derstand truth and us, and God bless us return "home,"gather to enjoy the that we may understand youth."three days conference on the shady

"P\IGNIFIED in appearance, graparade ground at the old fort. Most

cious in manner, loyal to his of them take their tents and pitch friends and admired by them, a them around the square making lover of the great outdoors and all the place look like an old time tent nature, himself well educated and city. Professors from the various

a devotee of education, modest and colleges and state officials usually unobtrusive but with faith in the have the speaking parts on the prosoundness and rectitude of his congram while the various communivictions, bringing a quiet selfas- ties of the Basin furnish surance, devoted and supremely the musical and entertainhappy in his domestic life, successment program. The eveful in his work, an able lawyer, ning with the White

an eloquent preacher, a sagacious Rocks Indian School puand farsighted business man with pils is always one of keen a taste for politics land a talent delight.

for statesmanship and diplomacy Everybody is welcome is leader indeed a of is—he lodging men. and

intellectual to belongs the He vided you take free—proyour own

and ethical aristocracy of the tent and bed. Board is

world. His full allegiance and all cheap if you have to buy

his splendid powers are, without it, but you are permitted reserve, dedicated to the service of to build your fire and get the great Church of which he is a Delsa Durfee out the old fry pan if you chosen apostle. Born March 14, 1931. care to.

gap sSBm W

&m

f-f:-::

"Buddies 9 [fe Quard BE YOUR OWN By Genevieve Wessel Granzen

after a meal. a in first whether Muscle find out too soon and does sunWade not mean

is clear are can be of old tree cramps not serious and the bottom life guardTHIStanned brawny necessarily, with a large stumps and submerged floatsam. broken up by grasping the cramped

tightly hands. muscle hapimagine with would what both you Can suit, one but who his onemblem

if event, in dive top cool to keep were In and conon any pen you in water the safe absolutelyplays a valuto- serve learn strength a of your rock? and swim may You recis universally It all times.at

it will of shore. lesson, be not able but wards

is very a that swimmingognized safe, you. and use Play to much of education the in itemimportant

life guard. be your own quite another simple t-JERE'S bechild, andevery man, woman

cause it teaches self preservation. The good old picnic lunches, rule for selfsaving life savers.

In addition, swimming is a most consisting of assorted sandwiches, Never, never go in swimming beneficial form of all 'round exereggs, pickles and tomatoes, is oftalone, not even if you are the cise, besides being loads of fun. times the cause of cramps. My world's best swimmer. Supposing

First of all, go to your doctor advice is to eat very lightly, wait you suddenly became tired or got and have him check up on your two hours after eating and then a cramp or got mixed up with heart and lungs. Many swimming swim to your heart's desire. After some snag or slimy sea weeds,

accidents have been due to a heart you come out you may finish those there would be no one present to condition. Then make sure you delicious sandwiches as a reward lend a hand or call for help. Socan swim. It is best to prove that for exercising your sense of causwim with a friend, who will be

to another fellow who can swim tion. The genuine appetite, which your buddy and swim side by side

well. comes after a good swim will more never letting him get out of your

When the first warm day arthan make up for the slight delay. sight or call.

rives and you visit the ole swim- A stomach cramp is very often It is an accomplishment to be min'hole, don't dive right in. brought on by entering the water able to swim across a lake, say

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 607

Days of Real Sport The Author's Own Lake

about a mile or so, but what haponly keep their wits about them. the extra weight of the arms out

pens when your strength gives out. Practically everybody can float if of the water.

course, of calm. remains And, floats in he are there noRemember, accidrowning many A GREAT sink. float, if cannot can you you the lake of you andthe middle fact that are the caused dents by to in order to do All have you keep or going to drown.have been not have swimmers many lie the is in float back your to on course, never any one swims Of in the around turn to taught how far as letting go head your water all at unless accompanieddistance vertical po- a get to or from water

it keeping will your as and back people, boat, a manned two byby position. a horizontal sition to A sidethe arms chest up. Extend to other the watch toone and row such in himself finds person who the the turn on palms down ways, if shouldthe you and swimmer rorreach should a predicament, that relax. Imagine water and to tired on hangbecome you may into the face his drop and ward stretched are out lying upon you off to your boat.the Don't show into back brings water, him which

is softest It the bed. bed a you fartherfriends out by swimming position. a swimming reclined ever become upon. Don't for. calls abilitythan Be your are obliged that event you the In

if little water washes frightened asafe, a strength for of margin allow before distance a quite to hike it face, will run soon over yourto unexpected. the meet hole, you the reaching swimming

it off. gets If into your mouth, in to If get caught happen you tired and are hot and probably

it, it as just or expel you swallow,do try to current, a not swift is to first to do thing the want you like. the In hold meantime, your it itfight with but and go work hickory a clothes on your hang its rectifies until the breath body to undershore. In anyour way water. the tree cool into dive and will face position your come and in as bathocean have suchtow we immediately after Swimming surface. clear the remain above and thing,ing, surrender the same do the exercise or strenuous when in breathe Breathe very out and it to gradually back and work is is sensible a not very body warm for quickly, breath the then hold breakers.with the it shock, causes for to do, thing period. a brief sink cannot You likes to a get everyone Most consethe chills and cramps and filled air. are lungs the with when tan, of ushealthy sun but some serious. quences So prove may If of those to one be you happen itacquire staying suddenly, too by off until cooled and have wait you

it rare find extremely persons who in long, the too an sun and what to waiting want you might while uncomfortable, painful thing it can make out the call of a certain bird.

be. Don't expose yourself too This will help to pass the time

long the first time but acquire it away.

gradually. Vinegar! There's an And now, we come to another

-old standby for treating sunburn Safety Code whereby everyone can before and after. If you are going be his own Life Guard. In the

to stay in the sun any length of first place a nonswimmer has no time, take some cotton and soak business in a canoe because in case it with plain cider vinegar and dab of an upset he will not be trained it over your face, neck, arms and to meet the emergency, but, if this legs and let it dry. Oh! Swallowed a Bit should happen, hang on to the

Do you know that many people difficult to float while lying mocanoe, do not leave it.. It will

lose their lives while swimming on tionless, paddle very slowly with support you and three other perthe various beaches and lakes duryour hands, being very careful not sons until help arrives.

ing the summer months, just beto lift your hands or arms out of A great many canoes, especially cause they do not heed a few simthe water any more than is necesthe older ones, have seats level with ple rules and because they lose sary. the gunwales and this makes them

their heads. There is absolutely REMEMBER, the minute you unsteady. Take out all seats and

no reason under the sun why peothrow your arms above the sit or kneel on the bottom of the ple should drown, if they would head you sink yourself, because of (Continued on page 621) 1 875>@*=0=0*0=0=0*< EducationLinked to a glorious past, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERS:

devoted to the Service of the Church, in training leaders for Latter-d;

field, and in providing a spiritual and intellectual sanctuary for Moi

The University consecrates itself to CARRYING ON this n faculty, trained in the leading universities of the world; its welleqi

riculum; the marvelous natural setting for its campus; its high acac

versity, admirably qualify it for its obligation as the leadership trail

Plan to Enroll for ti REGISTRATION COM* President Brigham Address alt Young

L. D. S. EDUCATION FOUNDED

On October 16, 1875, Brigham Young, then President of the Church of Jesus ivt

Christ Saints, of Latterday executed the 24n now historic of Trust""Deed which sulted in the of establishment Brighamre- P R O V C

Young Academy.

Dr. Karl G. Maeser, who had received his

training in German Universities, became PREPARE FOR 1940 the first administrative head of the school, until 1891.and occupied that position of the Every period of economic recovery has essential fact in the mind The

school shouldFounder that this was be been characterized by a shortage of manseculardevoted to the branches teaching of learning under the direction of the power, especially in the "upper brackets."

Spirit of God. In addition, the students

should be taught the tenets of the Church, In the past, the depressions have slowed and imbued with a spirit of devotion and up the educational processes with theloyalty thereto.

Education, L. D. S. of Ths foundation

laid, well has culDr. Karl G. Maeser harmful result that the nation was the Founders sowhich

in the present University,minated First President Church of Brigham Young in short""caught the matter of leadership its historywhich throughout come to Universityepitomize BEST. EDUCATION AT ITShas the revival period began. when

The young man or woman entering college this fall will not graduate until 1936. Nobody supposes that the present

economic crisis will last anywhere near that long. This year's crop of high

school graduates will not begin to make their leadership felt until 1940. That

look ahead should be sufficient to convince parents that their children should lose no time in securing adequate preparation for the great tasks that will face them as individuals and as members of society in the next decade.

NOW IS THE TIME to go to college.

A wellrounded education, that will emphasize spiritual values along with training in the secular branches, will best qualify young men and women for successful and happy living in the world tomorrow. O

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, The Maeser Memorial Building the friendly school, invites you to study

Built in memory of Karl G. Maeser by loving alumni and now used as the in its halls.

Administration Building a TRAINING FOR SCHOLAI its atfaces a future of prophetic promise. ForBestfiftysix years it has been[TY

ly Saint communities, preparing men and women for the missionary rmon scholarship.

ispiring tradition of social and intellectual leadership. Its excellent

lipped laboratories and lecture rooms; its great library; its broad curlemic rating in the nation; and its unique position as the Church Uniling center of the Church.

he School Year 193233 FENCES SEPTEMBER 23 President'Inquiries to Heber J.

nydung Grant

CARRYING ON THE "Y"TRADITION The subtle influence of BRIGHAM the in molding YOUNG UNIVERSITY be characters of its students come to has known as "The Spirit of the *Y'."The

>, many thousands of those who have come testify to the its beneficent power, under UTAH advirtues education. The of B. Y. U. O heads, ministrative Heber President

of the Board president the present

Stewart Dr. Franklin THE COST OF EDUCATION Grant,of Trustees, J. and

The location of Brigham Young Harris,carrying presidenton the greatof thetraditionUniversity,of spiritare direction, their ualized education. Under in the University leading agricultural

greatUniversity has been Brigham Young for reasonable makes county of Utah trainorganization; the in its ly expanded

enfaculty greatly ing the of has been boarding costs for students. B. Y. U.

; enlarged the hanced has and been campus

Proportionately reasonable rents for beautified building, library; the has new

built, of the volumes and been number quarters student subsistactual make to 75,000. increased 17,000 from more than S. HARRIS DR. FRANKLIN ence least at not as low & as—if Presidentof Present Brigham Young the oftheUnfvSy! lower can secured which be expensesthan—that deepconsiders administration the presentmSaigrowth* University city. in other intermountain any steady the of expansion the ening and

Student expenses, other than living spiritual foundation of the school.

costs, are what the student makes them.

The "SOCIAL UNIT"organizations are under joint faculty and student control, and no extravagant social practices are tolerated either by the faculty or the students themselves.

The University is always ready to aid the deserving student to find part time employment. Fully a third of the studentbody

pay part or all of their expense.

But even if Brigham Young University education cost more than that to be had in it probably is even other schools—although less costly—it would be well worth paying a

premium to obtain. EDUCATION AT

ITS BEST is found at the CHURCH UNIVERSITY. This means that the student is

able to secure standard training in all fundamental fields of secular knowledge, plus the advantages of sympathetic and friendly counsel and aid in solving the spiritual and ethical problems which demand solution on the part of every young man and woman of college age. The "Y"extends a cordial welcome to Heber J. Grant Library

you! Since 1921 its volumes have increased from 17,000 fo more than 75,000

=1 I S H P AND CHARACTER"zATrip 'PrimitiveArea By DR. RAY J. DAVIS

INmadethe lastmany centurychanges manin westhas versityof Pocatello,of Idaho,and Southernwhat a pleasantBranch, atendBigof Creekthe road,Rangerand Stationthe beginningat the ern America. These alteraexperience it proved to be. of the Primitive Area just at dark.

tions inaugurated by civilization The rendezvous for the trip was From that time on we realized have in general been helpful to the Idaho National Forest Office that we were indeed guests, for a mankind, but some have been deat McCall. This town lies on the sumptuous supper waited for us.

vastating and hurtful to nature. shore of the beautiful Big PayThis courtesy was afforded us at

ette outskirts for station each Lake, ranger is on the and on the trip, West first came the pioneersWhen settled of Idaho. portion of the ahead telephoned a message was in its rugthe countrythey found

late Since arrived 17th. for our July prepared were and meals We majestic state. Theged natural

trip this finest horses, camping pack we party. be a was to The prograss, theforests, the waving

fusion of flowers, and the bountirejected all sophisticated beds and outfits and camp equipment in the ful supply of fish and game were the dignified Executive Dean of region were also furnished us. The

the heritage of the early settlers. the University and two of his prosupervisor of the forest, Mr. S. C. a straw sleep to Scribner, personally on accompanied fessors went things of these the abundanceNow the lower side us on Art Francis, I was guide, and as our the stack. of in the memorylives only

before service, daywith, but to begin in the packer the best went pioneers. remainingfew at turns care several light a string of mules to I had this along with irreparable loss the Realizing

the others. supplies. as both as well location for our bedding and ourthat the West has suffered, chaff out of Incidentally After we picked night's a good rest, we to cast about GovernmentFederal

find a tract of land that most reour blankets for the next two arose early, ate a generous breaksembled the primeval conditions. weeks. fast,.and each one prepared his

After careful investigation they sepersonal belongings for the trip.

to I was detained some time gettinglected a large area in central Idaho HPHE following day we were that, due to its inaccesibility, had proceed to the entrance of the my presses ready for collecting scarcely been touched by man. Primitive Area proper, only ninety plants and when I finally came out

This section chosen includes miles away. This seemed a short of the station house, Art had most

roughly the water shed of the journey in an auto, and we supof the material packed on the

Middle Fork of the Salmon River, posed that we would soon be there. mules. The other members of the

surprise, however, the trip party were busy adjusting saddles.and lies in the heart of the mounTo our

tains of Central Idaho. It contook the greater part of a day on When we started Chief took

tains about a million acres of wild, account of the difficulty of apthe lead, and behind him he led arrived Jigs, his mule, carrying an emerundeveloped land. proach to the region. We

A FTER selecting the region, action was taken to set it aside as a primitive area, and guard it in its natural state. All rights of

settlement, lumbering, farming, grazing, etc., in this section have

been withdrawn. There are no

roads in this territory at present, nor will any likely be authorized in the near future. The Government has gone to considerable expense to protect this region from

all destructive influences. Thus,

this beautiful spot will be kept in its primitive condition as a future heritage for the people who love nature.

Through the courtesy of the U.

S. Forest Service, a trip through

this area was planned for four of us faculty members, from the UniiAnd so tve rode through the forest 9

The Improvement Era for July, 1932 611

Resting in camp after a hard day ride Our Pack train crossing Big Creek

gency pack so in case of a fire quito nets for our heads which impossible for them to fish until outbreak the Supervisor could we were glad to bring into use. As the present supply had been eaten.

leave the party. Vic followed, Dean wore his he remarked at inThe next day we rode to Chamwaving an insect net over his head, tervals, "Gall Dern, this is the first berlain Basin, the "Mecca"of

giving the onlookers the impresjoke I ever had on a mosquito."game hunters. We had seen presion that he was an entomologist. However, this was the only time viously an abundance of small

I came next with my plant case we had occasion to wear these nets game, and an occasional elk and hanging across my shoulders; howon the trip. herd of deer. To our surprise,

ever this served varied purposes Upon our arrival at this place however, we saw tracks of these later. Rhody followed with two we began preparations for the animals everywhere in this locallarge saddle bags fastened on his night. ity, and in places the earth had

horse to carry rock specimens that been beaten into dust by their he alleged he was going to collect. QEAN, Vic, and I made us a hoofs. The next morning Art

Immediately behind him, was a "pine bough"bed under the awoke us at daylight in order to visitor from Oregon, Andy, whisdirection of everyone present. A see the animals that had collected

tling to the top of his voice, and heavy foot log and two side logs about our camp during the night.

anticipating nothing but a good were put in place. Spruce branches We were surprised to see deer in

time, which he faithfully carried were then cut. After due arguall directions, but as soon as we

out. However, in,his unpretenmentation the majority agreed began moving about most of them

tious way, as we traveled, he kept these made the best bed. These bounded away. A few of the

us informed on the bird life of the boughs were carefully placed until more daring ones, however, stood region. Art was next in line with they were almost a foot deep and around and watched us prepare

his dog, and leading ten mules all only the tips of the branches were breakfast. Incidentally I might

packed to the limit. Dean, who exposed. Our bedding was spread add that scarcely a night passed

had temporarily fallen out of line out on top. We three then exthat we did not have game come

to take a moving picture strip of pressed ourselves that the bed could into our camp. Elk and deer were

the start, came racing up using all not be improved, but there was very plentiful, while we occasionhis knowledge of psychology in some difference of opinion the ally saw a mountain sheep or goat.

attempting to pass each of us in next morning, however. Bears and especially cougars were

order to get one place nearer the The second day out, we came to also numerous enough to make life head of the procession. Fish Lake and it was suggested uncertain for the other animals of

So we rode, not always of course that Vic and I try to catch a mess the region.

in the above arrangement, but on of fish for supper. We put our We all decided that the governwe went through the forest. Sometackles together and went down to ment had made no mistake in setimes up hill, then down, somethe lake. Upon casting in we belecting this area to be set aside as

times along a dashing mountain gan pulling out mountain trout best representing the wild life of stream: in a deep canyon, or high from eight to twelve inches long. the early days when game was

up along a small creek, but always We remarked to each other that plentiful.

we rode between the majestic trees. it would have been great to have

Sometimes these were firs, somebeen a pioneer and had fishing like gEFORE leaving Chamberlain times spruces, but more often they this everywhere. In a half hour Basin we remarked that we

were some specie of pine. Some of of angling we became ashamed of would like to catch one of those

the trees were small and some were ourselves and quit, for we had huge salmon that we had heard so very large, but always the forest caught fiftysix speckled beauties. much about. Slim, the assistant

was with us. Upon our return to camp the variranger located at this place, proLate in the afternoon we came ous members of the party gave us vided us with two spears for this

to our first camping place, Mostheir honest opinion of each of us purpose. These salmon spears

quito Spring, and it was named for supplying the camp for several appeared to be a cross between a correctly. Dean and I had mosdays with fish, thereby making it pitchfork and a garden spade, ex612 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

cept they had extra long poles for retrieved his loss of standing with headquarters. Besides these men

handles. With these implements most of the crowd by filming me at the LookOuts, other men

and our moving picture camera we as I was taking an innocent bath called "Smoke Chasers"were lofishermen proceeded to the creek a in the creek. cated all through the forest. The

short distance away. A large hole We guessed the fish's weight all closest one of these chasers is telewas selected under whose banks it the way from eighteen to thirty phoned if smoke is seen. It is his

was thought salmon lurked. Dean pounds, but some of us were disduty to survey the fire and put it

agreed to film the catch, while Vic appointed later when we reached out by himself if possible. In the

and I were elected to wield the the station and weighed him to event the fire is too large he is to spears. The others were to keep find that he was only a nineteen gather all information concerning

out of the water and take long and threefourths pounder. Howit and report this fact to headquarpoles and urge the fish from under ever, our enthusiasm returned ters. The Forest i Ranger on

the banks out into the open. when we started eating the meat whose district the fire is located,

One of us two spear men was for it was the finest salmon steak then summons the help necessary located in the middle of the stream I had ever tasted. and starts for the scene. The

at each end of the hole and action After several days more travel closest "Packer"is also given this began. After plenty of exercise into the heart of the territory we same information and it is his duty

on the part of the polemen and saw no less than twentyfive of to get tents, bedding, food, and much shivering by us in the creek, these fish in one hole, some of equipment from the closest cache a nice salmon was chased out and which dwarfed our previous catch. and pack them to the fire locality.

came straight for me. I stood adSince we could supply our need of The supplies in these caches are

miring his size and speed so much fish with trout most any place, brought in as early in the season that my fishing was neglected, and could not keep these large fish as possible and stored for such which drew disgusted remarks fresh for any length of time, we emergencies.

from the other fellows. Mr-. Fish only looked and longed that we We had also noted a single teledarted back under the bank and could try the excitement over phone wire following along most

the process had to be started all again. of the trails, and by means of a

over. When a fish was frightened After leaving Chamberlain portable telephone, the chief was

out again there was a din of direcBasin we traveled three days beable to keep in constant touch tions shouted at Vic and me regardfore coming to the Black Butte with men in all parts of the forest.

ing the art of spearing. Amid the "LookOut."We! had passed During stormy periods the emexcitement Vic took a shot and several of these stations before, but ployees were noted to always be

missed, but turned the salmon in this one was of especial interest. on a tension. Chief often paced

my direction. I too tried, but all It was located on the highest peak back and forth during a thunder

I accomplished was a neat dive inin the vicinity and commanded a shower and in anxiety would say, to the center of the hole and a view of most of the Middle Fork "I, wonder if a fire has started."

hasty swim out again. section. Consequently, we spent Each man seemed to feel it his perSomeone on the bank yelled some time visiting with the man sonal obligation to preserve this

that the fish was starting down located at this place. area from all destructive forces.

over a long riffle. Off we went Later, at the close of our trip, we

pell mell after him. Everyone, in- T\7"HILE here the system for learned that several fires had been

cluding the photographer, jumped fighting forest fires was exstarted that day. A month after

into the creek clothes and all and plained to us. We were told that this we were still reading of two

tried to stop him. Some began the men stationed at these "Lookof the same fires; the thousands

hitting with their clubs, others Outs"were on constant duty and of acres they had burned over; the

used their hands, while Vic and 1, never left their post. In the event hundreds of men employed to fight

through great skill and greater smoke lis,seen they immediately them; and the tremendous expense

good luck, managed to miss the telephone the information t o the government had to go to in fellows and also the fish. Howorder to keep them from spreadever, our numbers were too great ing over the entire country.

close to in on able wereand Jest we For Fun see the to anxious box We were he before just catch him andhim the of the Middle Fork of J. canyon Parker Aubrey By hole. the next intogot down

I been for had River, we Salmon life early to his according Gandhi, parties had that only two informed is just that said It real boy. a story was lost process this we length. its mile fortyTOURING traversed say ever school for he would leaving before

'only spear and one salmon arose of however, problem, The hat ma?'"Where's 'ma his by to mother,

good fortune saved the other. Of * * * getting there, for the country was

course we spear men maintained The Boy Scout after having performed very rough, and there were no well to surprised turn his was daily good to excitement, due notthat it was said, there trails. hear defined The Chief with it say, a lot, recipient "Thanks of spears had the the that luck badbut a trail mapped down had been it."a house on

escaped us. There was an im- * * * Goat Creek to Big Creek that

of difference opinion on Priestmediate Idaho an S. L. D. Church At this passable, from and be would

the given: meeting, following was hood the argumentthis point, but the to walk have point would we is was, Hell question and "Where The disit was suddenlystopped when

is Paradise?"where to the canyon five miles remaining so become that hadcovered Dean is the Hell Shelley; of middle Answer: proper. he that fishing theinterested in is five the to miles Paradise Hall) (Dance

had forgotten to run the moving south. At last we came to the rim of

picture camera. However, he soon the canyon and could see Big

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 613

Creek, our next camping place, was time to stop. I contented mythat had been previously injured,

several miles below us in a deep self with taking some three hunand this accompanied with the heat canyon. We started down but soon dred feet of moving picture film made me sick. There was nothing

found that we had a harder job of the gigantic yellow pines, the to do, however, but to go as best than we had imagined. The canperpendicular towering cliffs overwe could. Andy hastened ahead

yon wall was too steep to descend head, the long deep canyon downto tell the others that nothing sedirectly, so we had to zig zag back stream, and the enchanting river. rious was wrong and that we

and forth for a mile or so to keep As I strained my eyes to see would be in later. To make bad

our horses upright. Soon we came through the purple haze in the dismatters worse we had to keep a

to a series of ledges that, looked imtance, a title, 'The River of No sharp lookout for rattle snakes.

possible for horses to descend. The Return,"which I had previously We had killed an occasional one

Chief spent some time reconnoitheard applied to this stream, sank during the day, but as evening ering; then leading his mount, deeper and deeper into my concame on they seemed to come out

started down a small crevice besciousness, and I sat and dreamed. in all their hideousness. In less

tween two ledges that appeared I longed to explore its fascinating than a half a mile in one section impossible to us. We dismounted length and to see the massive walls we killed six that lay coiled up

and followed with great misgivthat stood guard over it, but I had in our path ready to strike. We

ings. The horses showed the reto be content with imagining the.also saw the remains of the carsults of their previous training, sights to be seen and the excitement casses of two deer that had been

however, for they readily jumped to be experienced should I try those killed and partially eaten by courapids. in the to ledge, climbed dangerous I drankfrom ledge

solitude for gars. I was becoming more and of it all, and occasionstillness and jagged pointsaround

ally slid down steep loose places. I was alone with nature as the cremore aware that there was another

Once or twice their weight caved ator had left it. side to being out alone with nature.

off slender projections and they I came to my senses with a start I realized that if I got much had to right themselves as they as I noticed the sun well on its way worse we would have to spend the fell, but they always managed to towards the western rim of the night out. Although I had no

take care of themselves about as canyon, and hunger made me realparticular fear of this, especially well as we did. Late in the afterize that I had had nothing to eat with Dean as company, yet I

noon, after one of the wildest and since before sunrise. I hastily rewould have been glad, under the

most exciting trips I have ever turned to my clothes, dressed, and conditions, to have been in a less taken on horse back, we reached in company with Andy, who had primitive area. The exaltation exfish in Creek a catch of nice Goat Surely madethe bottom. my all earlier the in day was perienced a of the absence, to for only returned mouth named correctlywas a templace in its was gone and to ever left Dean. goat ought where Creek Big had mountain wewild

try the descent. Upon asking him where the food porary longing to get away from

was he said Vic was carrying it the mountains, trees, and rivers, and atHPHE next day some of the last time he saw it, but that he quietly lie down on my bed group planned on walking thought one of us had brought it home and enjoy the comforts of the five miles down to the Middle on when the other members of the civilization.

Fork to see the box canyon. Dean party stopped. The result was Our return trip to headquarters

packed up the food, Andy, the that we each had three half apriat McCall was uneventful. Upon

fishing tackle, and I carried the cots from a small individual sized arrival we began loading our permoving picture camera. The other can that Andy had slipped in his sonal belongings into the car prethe Since that morning. pocket climbed the party ofmembers to the trip paratory home. Many terrifically conhot we day was us, then we with part waydown rocks, insects valuable specimens of cool a althe cluded repast with After alone.three on went

most four hours of strenuous hikdrink of water before commencing and plants that we had collected ing we came to the junction of the return climb. during the trip were also carefully

Big Creek and the Middle Fork. packed. The whole trip had given

Dean stopped at this point to fish, had not gone far when I us some idea of the physical enwhile Andy and I, went on down WEslipped and twisted my knee durance that the Pioneers must into the box canyon. The water have possessed to push into the

was extremely low, so we were West.

able to travel for a couple of miles The Forest Service is certainly

Finally difficulty.without much fine piece doing a of work. We in the bend to a sharpwe came after these senexpressing a departed river the formed wherecanyon

whirl pool against a large cliff. By timents to Chief Scribner and Art,

removing my clothes I was able to along with some personal remarks wade along a narrow ledge and go of appreciation for the delightful on around the bend. My progress trip. Surely our government is

was soon stopped unless I wanted to be congratulated on its move to to risk swimming down the dashprotect, in its primitive condition, ing stream. I could see no break some place that shows the heritage

in the canyon walls for some miles, of the Pioneers, even though the and since my clothes were already Photo by Ruth Baker, Boulder, Utah. area set aside is comparatively

a half mile behind me I decided it "On Boulder Mountain"small.

Two Bits About Youth View of Bear Lake Valley Back to My Hills

By Virginia Eggertson By Leone E. McCune By Geo. K. Lewis

1 f)PAL hills! T'M riding back to the hills again, * lake indigo. of hills to the wakening again; Back A stands with her

stretch face White of shore, is sandy frost touch \70UTH*- in of air, faint the A Pressed against a pane slopes, tree grassy Green is studded in mounds, mist the sky chills herThat cheek, fields Gardens, little and towns, the ragged, crest broken dim To tries to see theAnd awful splendor rising, mountains, And and on. towering in on the summits Of west; theOf without. storm

But she cannot see "--"ineji"- I'm riding to the misted hills kissed by

Through the mist a springtime sky.

Her warm breath makes. Alaskan Summertime I'm riding the same trails I roved

In sun and rain, the trails I loved,

The nowness of this will be JBy Mark Hart Trails that lead me back!to where I

learned of and sky: wind thenness, soon

trails, sunset, twilight comesNew romance with each change 1 Sunrise, this trails northern Dusky, polar garden and noonbright moon TN the of moon, as I Let springtime Are morning trails muse throughout me the day; can danceAnd one to any old tune. "

See the salmon berries blooming, ride out to find the sky.

icejfftsiiLike the rare wild rose in May;

Hear the fish ducks honking gaily, Each turn brings back old memories, is a bird breeze sound of and pine aspen towering and budding Stranger Towns WatchWhistlingthem skimo'er thethe mirroredplacid channel,bay, ThereWhere

By Bess Foster Smith Making undulations play. reach to greet the sky.

I'll follow on past grove and ledge little pass through we saddle's the some edge, where, beyond To IXfHEN"* stranger town, high ridge the wind whet some by On Let pathways, on.trailing me wind

I look about I'll say with fretful and frown, stand the sky! meet and With the smooth gliding by; brook

"My, such a lonely, dreary little berg! Brooks that once were singing cascades,

Uninteresting and dull, Upon my Word!"Thrown from 'pending cliffs on high;

shreds rocks to Torn and by ribbons,—

I feel little then tear, a homesickAnd a tapestry of foam To To Lois... sigh, "I'm live very glad I don'tAnd like falling Slowly the snowflakes.

here!"To its summer haunts to roam. By Watene MakaiaThen you just smile, and never say a

dear, to verse for a write ask me, word, OU \f-* too, you, you; thoughAs a of spot preknew

the climb Let towering mountains me tell are ferred. can thoughts where words But my the spruce hemlocks grow; Where and true so

lilies, Paths ferns adorn'd with andIt isn't that city as soars bird bred, iskyward you, I'm Of on no! who Ah Flowering shrubs and moss enow; is I as small, guess, wing,Our town home but

ills, the greengarbed above Then I'd to hear the above high song Too Oh—fields light Into blue of snow; It to a seems sing? thousand times me more

silver. Glaciers in of mists wrapped fair

Because Lightly tinged with indigo. Yet, though I cannot reach you midst with you—I have contentment

there. the spheres,

Still melodies of night rise to your ears

And soft winds sigh the ageold song of "Leave Me My Dreams"These andsea my silence, dearest, speak for

By Lillian Davidson me!

T EAVE me my dreams. Whatever elseJ-J I lose

Will this—never leave my life as bare as BlueBy JackPasturesFalk

To lose the dreams from which I daily choose The things, which I, in life, each day T/f/VV E andcountedI. the sheep, my mother

must miss. The sheep were little white clouds in the

ofMy dreams sky. she said, was the wind from

or love greatness—honor—joy The shepherd,the West,

That takes away the dreary, common Who pressed his flock to the East for rest.

My dreams,things.when I forget this sad old We counted the wolves, my mother and I.

earth, The wolves were clouds in a lowering sky.

To lift my heart, and gaily, gladly sing. The shepherd became an angry gale

And drove off the wolves with volleys of

Oh life without my dreams—What would hail.

it be?

An empty void. Dull, drab, and comThere are no wolves in the sky today.

monplace. While the sheep are grazing, lambkins play

I want to keep them all, 'til I shall see At the skirts of a thin and silvery cloud.

all My dreams shepherds "She them now,"drones the meet me—somewhere

face. face to half aloud. wind On Great Salt Lake

eview of the 37th Annual I. A. June (Conference M.

By HENRY A. SMITH

"This conference to we is as an her home following the final sesoasis in the desert to a weary sion of the conference, with a traveler."stronger and more abiding faith

in the guiding hand of their Father

INthonythese W.words,IvinsPresidentgave a mostAnHolyin Heaven,Spirit andhad knowingindeed beenthatwithHis

perfect description of the thirand had inspired all.

tyseventh annual June conference, Never before have the activity of the Young Men's and Young and entertainment features of an

Ladies'Mutual Improvement As- M. I. A. June conference been so

sociations, held in Salt Lake City heartily received and so universally

Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, participated in. From the recep

June 10, 1 1 and 12. tion at Saltair to the grand music

From the first song to the final "Come to the Rally of the Nations"—festival the recreation program of

benediction the M. I. A. conferIreland and Holland. the conference was complete.

ence just past was a spiritual feast. In almost every resepect the

Truly it was an oasis where offileaders whose responsibility it is to three day event was the most outcers and members of the vast Muuphold these ideals and to inspire standing and inspirational in the tual organizations were gathered their associates and followers to history of M. I. A.

to refresh their minds and spirits still greater efforts. It would be a difficult task to

and to acquire anew the courage segregate the major influences conand determination to "carry on"A/IANY were the spiritual feasts tributing to the success of the conto still higher goals. of the conference, where the ference, much less point to one

As a spring bubbles forth clear individual spirit was bolstered and which stood out above anything cool water to refresh the weary strengthened. Each person whether else, unless one might say it was

traveler, the June conference of young or old, returned to his or the characteristic loyalty of M. I.

1932 radiated the A. workers and

elixir of life—food members throughfor the mind, food out the Church.

for the spirit and These faithful ones food for the body. attended their meetThe first, food ings by the thoufor the mind, was sands, giving inspihad in abundance in ration to the leadthe many educationers.

al meetings where last year's problems pHERE was and this year's prohardly a meetgram were the toping of the conferics of discussion. ence but that had

Here the lofty edu- a record attendance.

cational ideals of From the first sesthe entire M. I. A. sion held Friday,

were to be seen at June 10, at 10 a. m.

their best, for here in the Assembly assembled, were the Flag Ceremony at the Planting of the Washington Memorial Tree. Hall, attendance

Vanguard, M Men, and Gleaner Girl Public Speakers and Junior Retold Story Tellers who came to the Church Finals.

616 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

The high spot in cultural history of the M. I. A. as well as

one of the outstanding accomplish- /i; "- ments in all Church history, was

l,| 1 jj ff B attained in the presentation of a in * chorus of 2,852 voices, mass I g IHb;;, * m11 'KB * evening, Saturday the Tabernacle, I Hk:% 'Syflj B

s- it I If 8P.-: ""| 1 'i 1. 1

"June '!. < '?pS:;.', JH.

"""''-'./- -"- *pfc"to adequately It is impossible

impression in *,., * express words the

made upon the thousands of conference visitors who crowded the '- "("'hS: famous building to capacity, and

were literally thrilled with the singing of the young men and women. These singers were the

"cream of the crop"throughout -it It the an impressive Church. was

"'sight will * Iffift TlfBnBlr ""v**yJr-J (& 'rsffcr;* that never be and one '*\ -...-'- "*"'JTI forgotten in M. I. A. annals.

The entire choir section of the

Dramatic casts of Blackfoot (above) and Carbon (below) Stakes Tabernacle was filled with male who were runners up in the finals. singers, and the ladies were apportioned to the two tiers of seats on

records were broken. SuperintendThe counsel and advice given by each side of the pulpit and to the

ent George Albert Smith who, President Grant were encouraging balcony on each side nearly half with President Ruth May Fox, and inspiring to the thousands way to the back of the building, presided at the conference, remarkwithin hearing of his voice. It was an aweinspiring sight.

ed that the attendance at the first M. I. A. GENERAL BOARDS

meeting was by far the largest ever Seated: Center, President Heber J. Grant; left, George Albert Smith, General Superinto gather for an opening session tendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.; right, Melvin J. Ballard, Second Assistant General Superintendent,

of an annual M. I. A. conference. (RichardStandingR. Lyman,(left to Firstright)Assistant: Oscar GeneralA. Kirkham,Superintendent,executive secretarywas absentof fromthe Y.theM. city).M. I. A.,

These two leaders, SuperintendAlma C. Clayton, Homer C. Warner, Franklin S. Harris, Ephraim E. Erfcksen, John D. Giles,

ent Smith and President Fox, have GeorgeThomas R.Hull,Hill,HarrisonLewis T.R. Cannon,Merrill, HebertNicholasB. G.Maw,Morgan,LeRoi GeorgeC, Snow,Q. NicholasMorris, HeberG. Smith,C. IversonThomas

never before been so enthusiastic A.StringhamBeal, ErnestA. Stevens,P. Horsley,John D.F. EBowman,Hammond,JamesDonGunnC. Wood,McKay,AxelJosephA. Madsen,F. Smith,JohnW. H.O. Taylor,Robinand inspiring in their presiding cason, Wilford Owen Woodruff.

President General Center, of the Seated: Ruth Y. L. M. I. A.; left, Lucy Grant May Fox, pacities. With such leadership in

Counselor. right, Clarissa Counselor; First Beesley, Second A. Cannon,

these two and their assistants, Standing (left to right): Emily C. Adams, Rachel G. Taylor, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie

Richard R. Lyman, Melvin J. Bal- C.Folsom,Jensen,EvangelineSarah R. Cannon,T. Beesley,MarieAnnC. Thomas,M. Cannon,CharlotteElsie Stewart,Hogan, AugustaRose W.W.Bennett,Grant, CatherineVida F.

lard, Lucy Grant Cannon and ClarClawson, Emily H. Higgs.

issa A. Beesley, together with the

splendid corps of men and women composing the two general boards, all were made to feel the wonderful future in store for their organization.

Another contributing factor to the success of the June conference was the presence of President Heber

J. Grant at a number of the sessions. President Grant spoke

briefly at two earlier meetings of the conference and was one of four principal speakers at the Sunday afternoon services in the Tabernacle.

PRESIDENT GRANT has long been a member and official of the Y. M. M. I. A. and now holds

the distinction of being one of the two surviving members of the first Mutual Improvement Association organized for the young men of the Church. The other man is

Hyrum H. Goddard, of Ogden,

who was also in attendance at the conference.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 617

Five other outstanding features of the conference, without any attempt to place them in order of importance, were the officers'luncheon Friday noon in the historic BeeHive house; the general

board's reception and dance finals at Saltair Friday afternoon and evening; the testimony meeting

Sunday morning; the 2 p. m. 'Sunday services in the Tabernacle under the direction of Presidents

Grant and Ivins, and the inspiring

Sunday evening meeting, which concluded the conference.

Throughout all these meetings and into the department and group sessions, the theme of the conference was carried out. The theme,

"The Opportunity of the Hour, to Enrich Leisure, To Spiritualize '

Recreation,"is more than approis priate at the present time—it

really necessary, as was pointed out by speakers and department leaders.

Superintendent George Albert Smith called the conference to order at 10 a. m. Friday morning.

He declared it was with a heart filled with gratitude that he viewed the presence of so many with smilAbove: the Ready for Archery Contest, faces June despite ing Conference. conditions. He Below, left to right: Elliott Airmet, Church Archer, Champion Dr. L. D. expressed pleasure at the response Pfoutz, Fteld Captain, Phdhp Thompson, Winner Shoot. of Clout officers and members L. Qf

during the past year stating that credit Too much cannot givbe a solo, number the praise won of never before such loyal had support to en the music directors of all associated the Mr. and Cam with the been given. His important mes- I. J. A., M. Spencer Cornwall, concert the and appreciaEvangeline Beesley T. and Ethel tion of the audience. A

S. Anderson and Cain, to Noble wonderful tribute was

who came to Salt Lake from Chipaid the singers and the cago as the guest conductor of the entire M. I. A, organizachorus. In the two days that these tion, when the final four

leaders had the gigantic chorus in numbers including the hand for rehearsal and training, two mentioned, were sent they molded them into the near out over the entire nation perfect singing organization that by means of a large na presented one of the finest concerts tional radio hookup, ever held in the Tabernacle The chorus of singers pHE program Hvas one of pleasrevealed a true picture of months of hard and careing variety culminating in the heavier and more impressive selecful training in their various wards stakes and tions, "Sanctus"and to "An Ode during the past season,Youth."This latter selection was and too much credit can- a composition especially prepared

for the concert by J. Spencer Cornnot be given the stake

directors and ward for wall with text by Elsie Talmage their excellent work andBrandley, associate editor of the

Improvement Era. It took the untiring effort for the

assurance of success at audience nearly of ten thousand this grand final underpeople storm by the and /applause taking. an epochIt wasat the conclusion deafening. was making event and many

Alexander Schreiner, Tabernacle are looking forward for President A. W. Ivins, presenting to General

Superintendent George Albert historic Smith,Organist, it the accompanied who to be scheduled again Indian stone spearhead from old Mexicanchorus on the organ in and who played future some conference ruins to to be presented Archer. Champion

618 The Improvement Era for August, 1932 sage to the M. I. A. was for them workers enjoyed the "rally of the CATURDAY, June 11, was a

to love the Lord, keep His comnations"and the luncheon providbusy day for everyone. It bemandments, promising them blessed on the occasion by the M. I. A. gan with a general session in the

ings [as leaders in Zion if they Then all went to the dance floor of Assembly Hall at 9 a. m. After

would so do. the resort for the annual dance singing of two selections by the

President Fox in her address of finals. BeeHive girls of Liberty stake,

welcome urged simple faith upon Here eighteen couples gathered Clarissa A. Beesley, second counthe people, telling them above all from all parts of the Church, parselor to President Fox, in the Y.

to hold on to that foremost printicipated in one of the most color- L. M. I. A. general presidency,

ciple of the Gospel. She reviewful finals ever held. They repregave a brief but thorough discused the work of the Y. L M. I. A. sented the following stakes and sion of the 193233 community

departments stating that each had missions, Utah, Oquirrh, North activity program. She discussed

experienced its greatest year in acDavis, Boxelder, Grant, Nebo, the several important changes in tivities and accomplishments. PresParowan, Sevier, Benson, Pocatelorganization and activity as outident Fox concluded with an aplo, Fremont, Boise, Los Angeles, lined in the supplement to the M.

peal ifor (Continued faith, saying, San Luis, Taylor, Carbon, San I. A. handbook, and urged that

"God;has given us leaders, watchFrancisco stakes and the Northall make careful study and preparamen in Zion, to counsel and guide western States mission. tion for carrying on the work. The

I. A.us. Let us support them and take Score one for the missions, for coming season will see the M.

the counsel of the leaders of the the only mission group represented launched upon the second year of

Church."in the dance walked off with first its three year educational recreaOscar A. Kirkham, executive place honors. They were William tion program, and its successful

secretary of the M. I. A., intro- Y. Powell and Nellie Baker of completion was urged.

duced the conference theme, saying Portland, Ore., representing the Following this discussion, an M.

that it had been in the course of Northwestern States mission. The I. A. "sing,"introducing Gold

preparation for several months by decision was universally well reand Green and M. I. A. songs was

a committee of general board memceived and the young couple were held under the direction of J.

bers. He stated that the M. I. A. congratulated on every hand. The Spencer Cornwall, Evangeline T.

had been given a distinctive work introduction of the new Gold and Beesley, W. O. Robinson, and Alto do as a Church auxiliary, hence Green Fox Trot, contest dance for fred M. Durham.

the adoption of the theme for the next year, by W. O. Robinson, This general session was folconference. ) field secretary of the M. I. A. and lowed by department meetings.

'I am a convert to the belief Miss Hales, was the conclusion of that real happiness is in service,'a very successful evening. ONE of the most interesting dePresident Grant declared. He said Dancing was then enjoyed by partment meetings was that of

he did not believe he would stand many hundreds of M. I. A. visithe Era and Publicity group, held

in his present position as head of tors. (Continued on page 628)

the Church had he not had a desire to give service when fifty odd years ago he was made an officer of the

Mutual Improvement AssociaNational Broadcasting Co., Inc.

tion. Chicago, Illinois.

HPHE beloved Church leader Dear Mr. Kirkham:

stressed the importance of serotherAftereveninghavingI feelhadthattimeI toamabsorbnow intheasaftermathcalm a frameof the ofsingingmind theas vice and of knowing what is possible and perhaps ready to say a few things to you and the singers pleasing in the sight of the Lord, which will be taken at their face value and not charged to recent saying if he could implant the enthusiasm.

spirit of humility in the young To say that I was inspired by their work is putting it mildly.

I since those night then have gone numbers through many of desire Every ofpeople and the the Church still in lifted they the..They sounded. hear I can and memory way myto serve parents, and honor their to great heights this that into is not a glory which world up and me of

he knew they would grow in the only those who experience it can understand.

spirit of God. When such is not Will you thank all of those fine people who joined in with us for

the case they are walking on dantheir work and tell them that I bear \them in my heart with earnest gerous ground, he concluded. good wishes. I hope they will have been perhaps moved to continue

The remainder of the first sesthetheirworkefforts.and that all that is good and constructive will contribute to

sion given presenover to the was I to should like have the grasped hand of many hundreds whomtation playlet, of a Improve- "The into looking back I saw glance I swept face as over the group. my my

ment Era, the Voice of the M. I. Let not any of them feel that they were unimportant and not worth

A.,"a winning road show act by my time to stop and talk with and know them. They -are all dear souls

I have learned to love collectively. individually them and Thethe

will, Sugar House ward of the Granandcontact established sure, in. not be broken the I amits stake. next. I their feel presence with times and many me thismyworldheartorgoes

At Saltair Friday evening, all back to them.

present subdivided into groups by All good wishes to you nationality and headed by a cos- (Signed) NOBLE CAIN.

tumed member of the general board, more than 1,200 M. I. A.

"There is no frigate like a book to bear us—Emilylands aivayDickinson,..."

Sunlit Peaks

An Anthology of Idaho Verse Compiled and Edited by Bess Foster authors. There are poems from peotrue is always beautiful and good,

Smith ple well over seventy and others from and nothing else is so."These poems,

(The Caxton Printers, Ltd., Caldwell, sophomores in college. in the main, are "unpretentious and

Idaho) Either because the Boise valley has true."

produced more poetry than other secThe Caxton Printers, Ltd., have

a splendid job done of bookmaking. state of the first tions or because Idaho's Mrs. Smith

little is attractively printvolume secure easily The SUNLITanthologyPEAKS,of verse, to was able poetry more is a volume containing one hundred sixty from the more or less "local"writers, ed and bound and appears in a most poems written by ninetyeight that section of the country is best repstriking blue and gold jacket.

Gem State poets, edited and compiled resented. Much of the verse has made We quote the title poem by Bess

by Bess Foster Smith, herself a poet its appearance before in other publicaFoster Smith:

of Weiser, Idaho. tions including newspapers and magaIn addition to the poems, the volzines of the West as well as a few soSUNLIT PEAKS

ume contains short biographical sketchphisticated eastern publications. When red men saw

es of the authors. This feature alone The verse in general is good, but The sunlit peaks aglow,

makes the book unusually interesting it lacks that sophistication which some Their cry arose, and worthwhile to those interested in people like in poetry. It will, how- "Behold! our Eddah-how!"

definite to those a culture. western appeal ever, have

regular verse form enjoy Mrs. Smith has surveyed her field who and NowAn toansweringtheir cryecho speaks,

and has selected what she considers to rhymed philosophy. Mrs. Smith quotes To tell to all

be representative poems from the pens William Dean Howell in her foreword We, too, love sunlit peaks.

of Idahoans regardless of the age of the as saying, "What is unpretentious and—H. R. Merrill.

Twentyfive Best Short Stories By CLAYTON JENKINS ers two thousand years ago in PetroMy list is made after reading thounius's time. They are "timeless"and sands of stories, dating back to 3000

|"T would be much easier to choose a true "criticism of life."B. C. to the anonymous Egyptian tale

one hundred stories or even fifty "Anpu and Bata,"one of the finest than to select only twentyfive and say: examples of the short story in existthese are the best. Such a limited list ence and covering literature from every

eliminates many of the finest stories, A Book language down to contemporary Galsbut if the twentyfive I have picked are worthy and Kipling. I have recently

not the "best"in the world, no one, By Wilford D. Lee reread a hundred or so of these fastories. they fact that will the I think, dispute chest lies here, each crimmous A MAGIC

the stories all great first group, by English writers, Theare and among best ** son lid that were ever written. A horizon, two ruby tinted lines includes Kipling's, "The Phantom

A story to be great must give a true Stretching away into eternity; Rickshaw,"the best of many superb

interpretation of life in a manner or Each page a mile of road, each line a deed, stories by this master story teller.

friendly Each a figure is word of represented romance with Hardy Three "The it interesting and that makesform bless lonesome hour. To my Strangers"and by "A it quallastingsatisfying; have should

let sail the isle Oh away to me of dreams for Lodging grand itities understood be that can in order the Night"—bothStevenson fill Where honeyscented flowers air the stories justly that earned their have enjoyed time. periodand in any of magic With perfume;

Such a story is "The Matron of Or let me creep with shivery delight fame and popularity. Hudson's "El

Ephesus"written over eighteen hunThrough caverns of mystery Ombu"is not so well known but this dred years ago by Petronius as a part Breathtaking intrigue; tale of the Buenos Ayres Pampas, symof his Satyricon. Or let me pace the solemn haunts of life bolized by a tree, like his matchless

With gentle tread, unfolding visions of novel, "Green Mansions,"ranks as

Such a story, also, is Chekov's moddelights the best of its kind. It is said that

ern masterpiece "The Darling."The Or plumbing depths of sorrow Theodore Roosevelt considered "El

with Kings and fools into theexperiences these Walking in of the characters finest ever short story Ombu"the infinite. interstories are understandable and written. First Last"and the "The by

esting to us now as they were to readGalsworthy I like even better than 620 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

"Quality"or "The Apple Tree"and "The Darling,"I think, is the best of with enthusiasm among this illustrious that is high praise indeed. "The Chekov's stories. Little known is list of the world's best.

Fly,"by Katherine Mansfield, a brilAndreyev's "Abyss"and not a pleasliant writer who died too soon, is a ant story, but it is powerful, masterful TWENTYFIVE BEST SHORT powerful little story that you may try writing and once read will never be STORIES will not. forgotten. to forget Turgenev's, probably but "The District England typically authors the British out a poignant story, rounds Doctor,"isConrad

with "The Secret Sharer."There is Russian and beautifully written. "The Phantom Rickshaw,"Rudyard

so little difference in merit between "TwentySix Men and a Girl"by Kipling.

this story and "Youth"or "Heart of Maxim Gorky tells how rosy, radiant "The Three Strangers,"Thomas Hardy.

for the Night,"Lodging Stev- L. R. the "A to sunshine can take that joy and brought Darkness"you your Tanya

enson. cellar baker's "little choice. in the prisoners"the Last,"GalsFirst and "The John

list reviled is headed misjudged they and by Mauand The French how worthy.

passant's "Boule de Suif,"better, I her so that "the sun never peeped in the "The Fly,"Katherine Masefield.

think, than the more famous "Neckwindows and Tanya came no more.""El Ombu,"W. H. Hudson.

Secret Sharer,"String."lace"of Joseph Conrad. Piece There "The or "The represented and are Germany Rome

if stories, surpass that any, are few each story. with Petronius one with

Ball, the this tale French of Tallow the immortal of Ephesus;""Matron France

girl reward such received shabby who and with Germany Fury""The by is Suif,""Boule sacrifice. de De generous for Maupassant. her Next Guy

is Heyse the best Paul perhaps which Falcone,""Mateo Prosper Merimee. faultless story Merimee's "MaProsper

in the story language. German Torture Villiers "The Hope,"by de lisle cruelest called the often teo Falcone"

Adam. Six stories the States United from the with in the story and told world

Procurator of Judea,"Anatole first the the complete list and characis by "The that reticence detachment and France.

terize this gifted Frenchman. Anatole Edgar Allan Poe who set the style for "A Simple Heart,"Gustave Flaubert.

France contributes the unique "Procumodern short stories and brought them "An Episode Under the Terror,"Honore rator of Juda"done in his cultured, to a point of perfection that has never Balzac.

sophisticated style with the inimitable been surpassed. "The Tell Tale

is the master best of many ending: contracted Heart""Pontius Pilate tales Germany

inevitable is an by Poe. Hawthorne his brows—'Jesus'? he murmured,

'Jesus of Nazareth? I cannot call him choice and "Ethan Brand"is the best "The Fury,"Paul Heyse.

to mind.'"Villier de lisle Adam's of his many excellent tales. "An Occurrence at Bridge"Creek Owl depicts exTorture Hope"by "The by Rome

rates place for a first Pierce Ambrose refined crueltypertly the of the Spanish

Inquisition. Balzac's "best"is hard its perfection in both substance and "The Matron of Ephesus,"Petronius.

to choose because he has several about form. "Benito Cereno"by Herman

equally good, but "An Episode Under Melville, for seventyfive years, was Russia little revival to the of but due known firstrank story. the is a Terror"So Darling,""The Anton Chekov. especially interest Melville in and is also Flaubert's Soul."Simple "A Abyss,"to "The Leonid Andreyev.

this spotlighting story of Edby of the supplied has a galaxy Russia District Doctor,"Ivan "The Turgenev.

it the J. as regards O'Brien, ward who writers: short story Garshin, PushCloak,"Gogol. "The

kin, Tolstoy, Kuprin, Korolenko, best short story in American literature, "TwentySix Men and a Girl,"Maxim though not represented here, all have recently it has been more widely read Gorky.

important stories to their credit. Gogol and recognized. It is an interesting

with "The Cloak"was the first to tale marvelously told and deserves to United States "truly strike the Russian note of deep rank among the best. Twentyone

Tell Tale Heart,""The Allan Edgar I first Katherine read years ago when to disinherited"for the andsympathy Poe. Oblations"Gerould's "Vain Fullerton writers, set subsequent for the pattern Brand,"Nathaniel "Ethan Hawthorne.

I convinced Scribner's was magazine in it but perwas Anton Chekov who at Occurrence Bridge,""An Owl Creek it story a short was art fected the the became and supreme Pierce. masterpiece—nuAmbrose

master in Russia and one of the greatmerous rereadings since that time have "Benito Cereno,"Herman Melville.

est short story writers in the world. not changed my mind and I submit it "Vain Oblations,"K. F. Gerould.

The Book We Love By Charles L. Goodell and wide experience as a preacher. His The chapter headings may give the

radio speeches have been many and prospective reader some idea of what (The Abingdon Press, Chicago) well received. This book springs the book contains: 1, The Greatest

HpHIS volume of thirteen chapters soil.from rich emotional and intellectual Itself;Story 3,In TheThePsalmistsWorld; and2, Thethe ProphBook

and one hundred eight pages is deets; 4, The Message of the New Tes-

a the of to eulogy voted "book we 6, Letters; 5, Paul's tament; RevThe hands,"hangs heavy "Time on my inIt contains Bible. love,"the some 7, elation; 8, Value; Tributes To Its as said the he stood furniture remover

[the scripconcerning holy formation 9, Bible In Wartime; The The Bible off Clock holding Grandfather an old up

tures, but devotes its space mainly to the floor. in History; 10, The Bible As Inspithe pleasant task of endearing The ration; 11, Testimony of Martyrs

Book to its readers. While very little Sign in a Barber Shop—facing a bunch and Saints; 12, Its Power and Popdefinite information concerning the of chairs—He that endures to the end shall ularity; 13, The Bible and Personal

Bible is given, the.reader of "The be shaved. * * * Experience.

will of catch glimpses Love"Book is oratorical, bit he If We a Dr. Goodell

said me,"means Mr. "That Common the scriptures that has he probably is convincing. His sincere also and railing the at the as looked ad he on Man,

before. never caught Dr. author, The the Bible love will and know It road. side of the at the Read Dy An readers

Charles L. Goodell, is a graduate of Shine. when they get through a little better

Boston University and has had a varied than ever before. H. R. Merrill.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 621

page 583$ Civilization and the New Testament Continued from with much of the sociology which destroyed the barriers to the proour destiny is sure if we adhere to has characterized Great Britain, but gress of woman and has in our the fundamental doctrine which is

I am one of millions who know own generation brought her up to the law of our creation as a nation.

that the integrity of England has the high place which she now ocThis explains in part the Amerresulted largely from her glorificupies. The advance of women is ican vote and attitude on such iscation of the home. Many think a distinctive achievement which sues as slavery, prohibition and the

she has failed in her interpretation sets us widely apart from pagan traffic in sex. No one will mainof brotherhood through a stratifior present day oriental thinking. tain that we have actually concation of society dangerously apOur spiritual progress in interpretferred upon the negro the full

proaching caste; none can deny her ing the place of women in society rights of citizenship; indeed we dethe glory which comes from the is more significant than the proliberately in the south prevent him

establishment of the English home gress from hand carts and ox teams exercising this privilege. No one

as the altar of the Empire. The to automobiles and airplanes. will maintain that the eighteenth

doctrine of the home presumes in amendment effectively ended the its best development the finest qualET us not forget that these traffic in liquor; our violation of

ities in those who are part of it. great ideas: the importance of the very amendment we voted intoFather, mother and children,—this the individual, every one of us a the Constitution is one of the nois the unit of AngloSaxon and participant in a worldwide brothtorious scandals of modern history.

Teutonic culture. erhood; the inherent, Godgiven Our laws regarding traffic in sex

And Christianity has made of right to liberty of mind and conhave not prevented prostitution women, whether it was specifically science under law which we ourboth professional and otherwise;

in the doctrine or not, the crown selves set up; the resulting neverindeed the present moral attitude

and glory of the race, rather than, ending efFort to interpret and exin society is nothing short of a as other important civilizations press human rights through law and major hypocrisy so widespread in have tended to make her, mere through processes of education and its acceptance as to contribute chattel or a beast of burden. It is economics, the ultimate goal being probably the outstanding menace

interesting to remember in this adequality of opportunity for all to our civilization. But while in

vanced age that only a short time alike without respect to hereditary, actual practice all this is true we ago women were denied access to financial, social and other influhave obeyed in our raising of these schools. Sir Thomas Moore was ences; individual initiative the bastandards the law of our creation.

apparently the first in England to sis of progress; the sanctity of the Centuries of heredity and of enadvance the idea of the desirability family relationship and the fashvironmental influence prevent us

of education for women. The idea ioning of government to protect voting what our Christian inheriwas first openly proclaimed in this union and make it the fruitful tance tells us is an immorality even

Erasmus'Institutio Matrmonii expression it may be of the greater if we immediately go out from the

Christiani"and Lucovico Vives'virtues of mind and spirit;-—-these voting booth and practice the im-

"De Institutuioni Feminae Chrisgreat ideas are not social, political, morality. I think with all its latiana?"in 1523. or educational theories; they are mentable and tragic consequences,

The real beginning of educareligious ideals, direct results of the we are committing the less deadly tion for girls on a substantial basis teachings of Jesus of Nazareth if of the two evils. If we ever vote

began with the establishment of not direct teachings themselves. into our sacred documents a denial

Queen's College, London, in 1848. AngloSaxon and Teutonic counof the spiritual law of our creation

we shall have committed a majorThere is a pathetic picture even in tries to the extent that they exAmerican history of girls sitting emplify these doctrines are theresinbeneficiaryand be ofno thelongerheritagea legitimateof our outside near the windows of school fore religious efforts. Indeed that race. We are, let it be repeated,

houses to catch what they could is what they essentially are. Amercustodians of Christian civilization

of the teaching being given within ica in this tremendously important and shall not fail as long as we to the boys. The inevitable logic of sense is a religion not a mere poobey its essential doctrine.

Christian thinking however has litical segregation of people and (To be continued)

ocslgi* -<- Be Your Own Life GuardContinuedpage from607 canoe. Never overload a canoe. do the work and help him by being ton, D. C, for further informaThree persons should be the maxiabsolutely quiet. tion.

mum number at any time. And now that you are going to

Just one more safety measure be your own Life Guard, you A LL swimmers and for that matand that is never to go to anyone's might like to learn how to save ter, folks who do not swim at rescue unless you are a life saver other lives. The American Red all should learn the Schafer proneor you have been properly trained. Cross conduct First Aid and Life pressure method of artificial respiOn the other hand, if somebody Saving Institutes every summer. ration, since it is useful in restoring

comes to your rescue, don't enIf you are a swimmer and are innot only the person suffering from danger his life and your own by terested, write to the American apparent drowning but also one grabbing him. Let your rescuer National Red Cross at Washingwho has had an electric shock or

622 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

one who has been overcome by lower ribs just above the waist 1 0. Do not give the patient any

gas. The important thing is to line about four inches apart. One fluids until he has regained conwaste no time. Send for a doctor, hand on each side of the backbone. sciousness. When he comes to,

but don't wait for him to come; Thumbs and fingers together. he then may be given a hot stimugo to work immediately. ArtiKeep your arms straight, not bent. lant. Keep him warm, quiet and

ficial respiration can sometimes ap- 6. Move the weight of your lying down for several hours.

pear to perform miracles provided body slowly forward, arms rigid, One can never tell how soon it is immediately applied. bringing the weight upon the this knowledge may be used to

Following are the fundamental hands, pressing forward, not disave a life. "Be Prepared"in this

rules. Study them, and better still rectly downward, thus "squeezing way to save a life if the emergency

practice them upon live subjects: out"the patient's lungs as if should arise.

1. If the mouth of the victim squeezing a sponge. In the meantime, Play Safe,

is tight shut, leave it alone; if open, 7. Hold the pressure while retake no chances and be the guard

life, by following theremove with your finger any obpeating the words "Out goes the of your own struction to breathing, such as false bad air,"then quickly release the simple rules stated in the article.

teeth or chewing gum. pressure, snapping your hands off Can you restate them in your own

2. Place the patient face downthe patient sidewise and repeat "In words? Now? Write them down

ward, stretched at full length on goes the good air."This sudden for practice and then in your mem-

a flat surface, nearest to the place release of pressure thus permits the ory for all time. I wish you good

where he has been taken out of the lungs to expand and draw in air. swimming.

to hiswater. one side. head Turn 8. 'Swing slowly your body life is brave and free, swimmer's A place and one arm 3. Bend to position the first then the back and clever be, In water he must

hand under the patient's cheek to apply pressure again. Repeat these His body is healthy, strong and

keep his face from the ground. operations, deliberately swinging trim

Stretch the other arm beyond his forward and backward twelve to Breast, side, back and crawl he head. fifteen times a minute. can swim,

4. Straddle the patient below 9. Work until jhelp comes or And though his work may seem

the hips, facing his head, both until breathing is restored. Under like play

knees on the ground. no circumstances give up for at When someone is drowning 'tis he

5. Place both hands over the least three hours. who saves the day.

icq|n)o- 4iThe Charm of the IncompleteContinuedpage from595 and I stood in the yard and deworth mentioning is a walnut cupwood for the woodwork in their cided how many and where the board, handmade by a great uncle. living rooms. We decided against

windows should be. I do not know its age but it must this and used the best grade of fir

have been made early in the nineas I wanted it enameled in the

AFTER months of delightful teenth century and it looks as Colonial yellow to match the din- "concern we had a home in though it had been planned for ing room toward which it opened.

which we. could live, enjoy our my home. In this room the floor We decided that the expense thus

work, children and friends and is our concession to the incomplete saved would pay for the heavy, plan for the more complete dwellas the oak planks which we desire handforged black iron hardware ing which should be ours when to lay are still a dream and I am for which we sent East. I longed

the depression is over. using a big rug that was in my for wall to wall carpets but my

Our present dining room has to former living room. Some day I husband felt a yearn toward harddo double duty as my husband at shall have a handwoven one to wood floors and we decided upon

once appropriated it for a study, lay on my planks. It is even fun oak plank,,random width and

being drawn by the light which to save rags for such a purpose! doweled down, stained to look like

comes in from a large bay window For the /downstairs bedroom I old oak. Now I am delighted that

that opened to the east with smallbecame extravagant and bought he had his way as it is so easy to er windows to the north and south. solid mahogany furniture, a spool keep up. The fireplace, about

The wide shelf is home for ferns, bed and a Colonial chest of drawwhich I held out against husband, begonias and calla lilies and will ers with mirror above. So perfect contractors and all men, was finally

be for many other plants before are the reproductions that they built to my specifications. Used

the winter is over, I hope, though blend well with my honestto- to bungalow grates, these West-

I never want enough foliage there goodness old maple and walnut erners hooted at what seemed to to shut off entirely the rugged pieces in the other rooms. them an immense fireplace, the inmountains and canyons which are side length being four feet. Here

only a mile away. In the other 'TPHE living room is my husmy husband returns the feeling I

end of the room are two open band's particular joy. It is a have about the floor as the length

cupboards, painted a deep greenishcombination of compromises we makes it possible to burn logs, blue on the inside while the other made to each other's tastes and, stumps and whatnot that would woodwork in the dining room is strange to say, in most cases we otherwise have to be worked up.

Colonial yellow. In addition to now feel that we arrived at the The staircase with oak rail and

the table and ladderback chairs best decisions. A number of our painted risers, going up through a

the only other piece of furniture friends in building had used gumlow ceiling with exposed beams,

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 623

looks exactly like the pictures one worn down by the feet of mothers from the Bingham Mine, that my sees of the old New England farmwho sang their babies to sleep in husband brought home and placed houses. Another bay window in its comfortable depths was stained upon the mantel piece. Another

this room looks out over Utah a dark color., Rag rugs, woven, time we took turns between shifts

Lake four miles away and to the braided and hooked, are scattered at the typewriter to give our kitchmountains on the far side of the over the floor, brown, redbrowns en its final coat of soft green enamvalley. Mt. Nebo, being the farthand rust being the predominating el and have a wallpaper, much beest one—so named by the early colors. Above the fireplace hangs flowered with yellow posies, placed

Mormons because of its position a picture of Utah's most famous over the upper walls and ceiling.

looking over their Promised Land. mountain, Timpanogos, done by Once it was a fireside stool, made

a local artist. It shows the sun from the spool legs of a table

CEEING the hills in autumn gave coming up on an autumn morning, where one leg could no longer be me the idea for my color touching the eastern surfaces with used. The three remaining ones,

scheme. Floors and furniture triangles of light and painting the however, made a triangular seat

brown, brick of fireplace natural valley a brilliant orange. It is which, when covered with glazed

red, wing chair upholstered in a view similar to one we have from chintz in black toile de jouy, with black tapestry with a tiny figure a window and a special favor- a narrow ruffle around, has won of rust and blue. Another easy ite of mine. The other pictures much comment.

chair has brown and rust, while are copied from Remington's Today I am delighted that we the maple settee, made, by the way, painting of the West and seem at have a home which will grow, out of an old bed, has the same home both in color and subject though, due to business conditions upholstering as the wing chair. A matter. Strangely this grouping in the world at large, which we

desk, hand made in Scotland some of furniture and pictures from both could not foresee when the decision hundred and thirty years ago, with East and West fit in together to was made, it is going to be a lot boards that pull out to support make what seems to both my huslonger coming to maturity than the desk top, was done over in one band and me "a perfect blend."we had hoped when we began.

of our local shops. It is not walTo me it is somehow typical of If we were to start again with

nut but was antiqued so cleverly a real American home. There is even less money, I should do the

that no one could guess the decepnever a day so dreary or cheerless same way. I believe such a protion if my mania for telling what that the yellow glow of our woodgram forces people to do more and

I know did not impart the knowlwork and the light from wide think more for themselves. And

edge. Black lighting fixtures, windows do not make our home things made, or designed by onehand made in a local metal arts appear sunlit. self, are a much truer expression

shop to represent candle lamps, of personality than can possibly were placed around the walls. An tACH month we try to add be had readymade. Moreover it

early day round walnut table, something either to the beauty is of great moral training to a brought out here by some of the or the convenience of this place growing family. The statements

first settlers in a prairie schooner, where we have chosen to burrow of interest and affection made by was done over and its original our roots into the rocky soil. Permy children and my husband's inbeauty restored. An old pine chair, haps it is just a new plant for the creasing pride in the possession of

hand made by one of Utah's early window. One month it was a his home are all well worth the

families and with the front round piece of brilliant blue copper ore, effort.

-4&tggjrfr <

Continued from $1 The Heart of Utah page 5 93

It is not the most beautiful, nor gistic comment on the organ reof sightseers, we made a tour of the the most ideal city I have ever viscitals in the Tabernacle. Yet I city... through its spacious openited. To one who was born and was totally unprepared for the diarmed parks, along its wide clean

reared in a great metropolis, Salt vine beauty of those musical interthoroughfares, up and down its

Lake City has certain pronounced ludes! No Sermon on the Mount wellordered business district,

disadvantages, particularly of the could ever effect in me the spiritual through its alluring residential seccultural kind. Jt has no symhumility and reverence that was tions, around the campus of the

phony orchestra, no regular first produced in me by those 8,000 oldest university west of the Misrate theatre, no opera. It needs golden pipes responding to the insouri river, up onto the heights

better restaurants, better amusespired touch of an Alexander of 'old Fort Douglas, down ment centers for the funloving, Schreiner, or an Edward P. Kimthrough Memory Grove in City

danceloving young. ball. Creek Canyon and out to Utah's

it an But that these exquisite, soulstate capital. All—all of'TTHESE needs, however, are the satisfying concerts should be free inspired vision that had crystalconcern only of the citizens of to music lovers daily at an hour lized into monumental reality!

its guests. equally convenient for the leisure- "All cities grow that way,"theSalt Lake City—not of

The guest takes things as he finds ly and the laboring, was to this "Doubting Thomases"will aver.

them. And the guest of Salt Lake slave of Mammon a revelation True! But most cities do not reCity finds, to his surprise and unique! There is something truly tain that spiritual or moral essence

amazement, much for which he is magnificent in this generous gesture which gave them birth. And to

quite unprepared! of the Mormon Church. this easterner, it seems that Salt

I remember hearing, often, euloTrue to the established routine (Continued on page 633)

Q)hurch <UKusk Practicing Hymns by the Congregation

By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

Church Music Committee a specific and regular time for singto work out his own way according toTHEhas long recommended occaing practice. It has been in the prohis own ability and the kind of peosional practices of hymns by gram of the Sunday school for many ple he has to deal with.

the congregations of the wards. years. It is not too much to affirm The people of different wards vary

It has been suggested that this practhat the congregational singing of the in ability and experience; in the lantice take place at such time as the whole Church would show a large retroguage of "Mikado,""let the punishbishop consents to, either before or gression were the song practice, as a ment fit the crime"in the manner in

after the meeting, or even during the regular part of Sunday school, to be which the work is taken up and conmeeting, if there is a favorable opdiscontinued for a generation. ducted. Certain it is, however, that

portunity that will not be out of harAt least this is the opinion of such the melody is the first thing that apmony with the occasion. In some inmen as Evan Stephens, George Careless, peals to singers. It would be well to

stances much improvement has been and others of our leaders. begin with a song that is familiar, and

made in the singing of congregations The Church Music Committee is led one that has such a melody as will perby these practices. Many choristers are to recommend song practice by the mit of a second part being added nabackward in attempting such song congregations in the wards by its conturally and easily. Such a tune is

practices, no doubt because they do not tention that people sing best that which "Do What is Right;"another,

know just how to go about it. Of they know, and know best that which "School Thy Feelings,"to the tune of

course, if it be done in a desultory, they are taught; and that they learn "Let the Lower Lights be Burning."

perfunctory manner it may result in more rapidly and thoroughly if they It will be found that the two elethe opposite from what was hoped for have opportunity for definite training. ments of primary melody and obligato

by its attempt. Our people are as a The Committee feels that our singing second part will create much morerule serious in their meetings, and they as intelligent worship—and that interest than can be stirred up by aresent childplay among grownups, should be its purpose,—will be greatmere singing of a song. When the

and the chorister faces quite a task ly improved in this way. congregation has experienced the pleaswhen he undertakes a song practice The manner of going about such a ure of two songs sung in the manner

among adults. practice is naturally vital to its success. suggested, it will not be difficult to find

But love of singing is common to No two experienced choristers will apadditional ways of interesting them.

most normal persons, and our peoproach it in the same way. Some genThe ingenuity of the chorister will

ple, in particular are reared in group eral suggestions may be helpful. It devise and discover new avenues of apsinging. The observer will notice that takes two things to make a song—proach that will be new all the time.

our congregations are outstanding in words and music; no song can exist Above all, the song practice must be

their (participation (in singing when without both, and there is no singing pleasurable, and a chorister and his done by the group. However, congrewhere both are not used. The chorisorganist will need to be well prepared

gational singing is not as enthusiasticter's job then, is so to handle the pracin order that they may take advantage ally done now as in the past, there tice that the people get hold of the of any emergency or opportunity.

being many reasons for its decline. two elements of the song. How shall

Chief among these is doubtless the disit best be done? Each one will have

integration of our solidarity as comTF you analyze your religious emo-

I trace A tions not you are doubt would apart. growingmunities—we

early to of childthe back hymns this them living of manner makesModern is thrilled at whole Church rVHE I itself. the to Bible than more the hoodinevitable degree, large to a are and we the success grand wonderful of

... to the have do think more hymns close the conof formerlosing much I. A. organized and by the chorus M.

tacts and the results from them, one of heard in the recent conference in the with forming men's ideas of the promwhich was enthusiastic congregationalTabernacle. This question has been ised land than any other literature,

communitysinging. Any steps that ashed frequently by those interested not even excepting the Bible itself."can be taken to retrieve in this direcin the music of the Church, What use—Henry Ward Reecher.

this singers great be can army of of religious suitable songs most resulttion The in good. must the serve to permanentChurch made the children for contain poetry on sing. to is people love hard. Our not have ly? Let They answer them The

pleasantness life, the goodness of of their choirs into thea fair be songs, brought acquaintance of with many and it will have been noted that they various wards. Broad churchwide God as manifested in creation, the

sing best and most heartily the songs movements offer splendid inspiration fine traits of character as manifested asto to emotions in natural, love; us healthy they our express and move will best. observerthey The know all the progress but tonishment, after in in nature, God, sentiment—delight also congrethat best the notedhave is in ward. the the Church made of in goodness, in in beauty, home, and

is in singinggational those done wards is root the growth. our Here The of is, poetical, truly they that be should

the in profitable singing enjoywhich Music recommends Committee Church truly simple.

at that steps Bishops taken practice be once school. the by ofsong Sunday

it If desire the the to be have mind these choristers to bring and ward is cite difficultIt in to which not wards being lofty and impregnated with into active voices memberyoung finea chorister school Sunday wideawake

, risen sentiment, full souls of from acin the choir. ship Careful ward singing the influencedhas powerfully

it desire serve, to the noble has count which kept upon and been them of period the the duringof people whole will their difficult to secure not be individual in the of draw hour may practiceof his song a few years by in the names M. I. A. officers from need, fill the heart which will with

participated that school. in the the: stakes other organin Sunday Any that clean abundance from which

ization might afford the same growth activity of preparing the choruses. mouths speak, let the religious songs

if it would provide in its program for of childhood not be overlooked.

zJKelchtzedek Priesthood A Challenge to High Priests does it mean to you a strong healthy body and will take 5. The Ability to see and AppreciateWHATto be ordained a high the proper exercise and rest, so as to That Which is Beautiful and Good:

priest in the church of keep his body vigorous and strong.

Jesus Christ of Latterday He will have learned to be master of He is a booster of every agency that

Saints? Is it merely an ordination his sex impulses, and to control his makes the world better. This includes

commonly conferred upon the elderly emotions knowing the folly of anger schools, churches, civic clubs, scienman of the Church or is it an ordiand the sin of an unbrideled tongue. tific societies, music and dramatic ornance having a deeper significance? He is able to control his expenditures ganizations, athletic sports, etc.

When ordained a High Priest the making them commensurate to his inHe is alert for good books and magindividual receives recognition by the come and thereby becomes a thrifty azines that he may acquire useful

Church that certain fundamental stancitizen. knowledge and fill his mind with some

the beautiful of that thoughts the writare attained been whichdards have 3. The Ability to be Tolerant: ers given have to the world. He eternal."requisite "life In order for

to. enjoy celestial living it is necessary He has faith in his leaders and tolerfrowns at that which is morbid in the

that one has ability to live the stanance with his wife and family and movies, stories, and elsewhere but is a dards that yield "abundant life."This neighbors. Indeed, Jesus made it a friend of clean and wholesome recreaplan of living was given to the world requirement to be able to "love your tion.

by Jesus nearly 2,000 years ago and enemies."He has the ability to apWhether it be winter or summer,

again reiterated to the world by Jopreciate that those who err need his storm or sunshine, mountain or dell, seph Smith in our dispensation. As help and encouragement rather than city or country, desert or farm, there

This and condemnation. are beautiesa in the priesthood and wonders which he advanced he estrangement man is

is reflected in spirit of tolerance his sees appreciates. and feel greater strength hasshould that he

feels need the humility. genuine He livein plan. his ability to the gospel refreshing converse to with How a manifests friends, and help of the of is the he honoredUltimately by when tell a the such of can beauwho man of the help God. sincere dependence on Priestthe degree ofchurch high with ties literature in the of wonders and true is foundatipn of the Toleration it is Priest, anhood, an or High art, lift nature the can and and who

is genuine of the beginning love and has that to the he worldnouncement its in these sharing world from gloom friendship. attaincertain standards ofmastered beauties.

yet people request, direct and can He Christ's in leadership for requiredment is a a gossiper scandal of not He but offense. is He of void for he love himChurch. tell seeker to of opportunity of one is leader. true a

When a medical school confers an the success and goodness of a neighbor

M. D. degree upon a student the uni- 4. The Ability to Share Cheerfully: or friend. He may see the errors made

versity announces to the world that it He is not only able to share, but to by his leaders and friends and profit may expect the man or woman receivshare cheerfully "onetenth of his inthereby, yet he is ever anxious to think ing the degree to possess certain skills terest"and other offerings for the upand tell of the unselfish sacrifices made and information necessary to care for keep of the church and community. He by them for the betterment of the peothe health of the people. Anyone who can also share cheerfully his opinions ple. He offers to cooperate with them

desires may acquaint himself with the when others disagree. This gives him in solving their problems. If somestandards for such a degree. It is bethe skill to disagree pleasantly. He is thing good cannot be said of a neighcause of our confidence that these atmeek and teachable, and open minded bor, or friend, or sister, or brother he

tainments have been met, that we trust to new opinions and information will say nothing.

the life of our dear ones when sickness which are presented. He shares cheerand accident comes to them. Likewise fully his special talents, and gives will- 6. The Ability to do Something Well:

when conferring the degree of High ingly of his time in service to his felwrite, sing, or speak, or orPriest, anen- Christ the of Jesus To Church men. low

tertain are gifts that to only come to thenounces that this world man real happiness a of world What strives them. for David who a Priest in the Highwho becomes his him give to thus can comes him who

the played well because harp he had of has certain acquiredKingdom God feeling a service "offerings"with and fundamental skills that make for "life that it is an opportunity to share. practiced so patiently while herding his

abundant."father's sheep. Paul, because of years

These skills and abilities are as folof persistent trying, became the greatlows: est Christian preacher and teacher.

privations, the vicisthe A LTHOUGH be prepared to follow To expertly 1. The Ability to be Reliable: unrelenting the situdes, and chosen toil some vocation will which bring

His word is as good as his bond. enforced by the state of mortal existan income adequate to take care of

If it is humanly possible his obligaence are part of our heritage front his family and assist in community tions will be promptly paid. He is Adam, we are really enriched thereactivities, is an indespensable qualifipunctual in meeting his appointments. by: for in just such conditions do we cation.

sure that be will be heOne an may to the develop powopportunity find these idealrather You may consider will witnesshonest report only and to istic shall us ers soul that enable requirements, yet his Jesus told of is true. believesthat he which

overcome evil, to choose the good, and disciples when they stood in amaze- 2. The Ability to Exercise Self Conto win salvation and exaltation in the ment at the close of his sublimely chaltrol: mansions of our Father.—James E. lenging Sermon on the Mount, "Be ye

He will do the things that he knows Talmage of the Council of the Twelve. therefore perfect even as your Father

he ought to do. He will eat and drink in Heaven is perfect."Victor C.

only that which he knows makes for Anderson, Sharon Stake Seminary.

<iAaronk 'Priesthood Organizations being Perfected in Stakes

Quostakes have fully of the Deacon's comAaronic Priesthood of East accomplishment an Results ofFIFTEENplete organizations and twenrum of that ward.

tythree others have minimum Jordan Stake Active interesting and effective contest conare for supervision organizations the committee stake ducted by report to the Presiding

Priesthood in the A RECENT toof Aaronic the Presiding in a report work given indicates healthy Bishopric andstakes Presidthe office. as follows: recommended report by Bishop's The

beneficial activity the of Aaronic organiBishopric.ing minimum A the in Alberta Taylorville Ward stake. In Priesthood of East Jordan instructions, the in as outlinedzation,

1 6 of Deacons a has Stake membership of the report the account following least atincludes the three of members Priesthood. boys of the Aaronic is The recent activities given: three others Council andHigh who of live location scattered farms in on picture accompanying was The the or of be not membersmay may five to distance miles from one from taken the Lesser East of Stake Jordan acouncil, six of making minimum the house. Notwithstanding church to outing Priesthood, while an on stake the of committee. Thismembers the this the during handicap Deacons visited the they County, Utah when operates organizescommittee and June, of had and 1931, months State May the State Hospital, Fish Mental after the plans followedsomewhat by of in meetings a attendance at a farm, and had and swim 100% Gamethe the auxiliary orstake boards of meeting, viz: Priesthood the ward, Saratoga Springs. forganizations, the Aaronic doing meetSchool Sacrament and Sunday trip the Stake was arranged by The in stake stake thePriesthood what

fail. ing, without Lesser Priesthood of which Committee their associations. forboards do

is C. chairman. Goff class class instructors suand The stake fully completed committee A

cars carried the of caravan 50 are pervisors urgto be on commended AI. as as containshould members many

there are wards in the stake, making boys and their supervisors and friends. ing the boys to this energetic accompossible close supervision and visits to They were accompanied by members plishment. A prize was offered of a

of stake the presidency high counand picture of presented to be these boysall simultaneously wards when desired.

cil, bishops seven of and a number to each, which was done by J. Y. possible, it is recommended byWhen

the Presiding Bishopric, quorums bishop's counselors and fathers of the Card of Cardston 2nd Ward, who for should be visited weekly by the stake boys, making a total on the trip of more than 20 years has taught a class committee. This, of course, can only 387. of Deacons.

be done where the committee memThe committee in charge recently A close second in the competition bers equal the number of wards in the took the boys to Salt Lake City where with this ward was Hartley Ward, stake. they listened to an organ recital, made and a close third Cardston 2nd Ward,

trip to the State Capital and finished 1st of a with quorum, all a membership effort is being to have made An with a show. up these deacons; 21 each ofstakes their losing by complete organizations by

September in order that the fall and a very narrow margin.

winter program may go forward efTaylorville Ward has 100% The splendid part of this contest fectively Priesthood the Aaronic and is its results. all Nearly of these boys Deacons Quorumtake full of the advantage work of faithful have at been in attendance

correlation committees. PROM Taylorville Ward in Alberta all their meetings up to date. For

The stakes having fully completed Stake comes a report of splendid instance, six out of the eleven Deacons stake committees, of the same Ward prepared to carry i have been to 100% out the entire Aaronic of their meetings the

Priesthood program entire year of 1932 and visit all wards up to and including weekly as recomthe 22nd day of May.

mended are Cache, Their faithfulness to

Ensign, Granite, Gunduty will undoubtednison, Hyrum, Kolob, ly be reflected in their

Millard, South Davis, lives.

Wasatch, Juarez, Star Those appearing

Valley, Taylor, Union on the picture are as and Woodruff. follows:

Stakes having miniFront Row: left to

mum organizations of right: Glen Berezay,

six members are Box M. Vi Lowry, MalElder, Cottonwood, colm Little, Dean

Deseret, Duchesne, Wolsey;

Emery, Grant, LiberSecond Row: John

ty, Logan, Morgan, Berezay, Robert

Nebo, North Sanpete, Sheen, Ben. D. MarsNorth Weber, den, Delbert Nielson,

Oquirrh, Pioneer, Salt Rega Gregson, James

Lake, Tooele, Wayne, Tanner;

Weber, Bannock. MilBack Row: Rulon

lard, Oneida, Rigby Features of Outing of Pioneer W. Lowry, class leadznd Yellowstone. Stake Aaronic Priesthood er: Charles Tims,

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 627

mittee of the Y. M. M. I. A. General

Board supplied the story program around the camp fire. A trained horse,

racing with men and boys over short distances, turning around a stake and returning proved to be a popular feature. Members of the Mexican Branch

of the Church in Salt Lake which is a part of Pioneer.Stake staged a mimic

bull fight.

Aaronic Priesthood Gains Continue /PHE very encouraging gains in

Aaronic Priesthood attendance at

Quorum meetings reported for May continued during June, as shown by reports from the stakes to the Presiding Bishopric. More than twothirds

Taylorville Deacons'Quorum, Ward, creasesof the ofstakesJune, made1932 gains.over June,The1931inAlberta Stake

by stakes in percentages are as folClarence Sheen, Elmo Wolsey, LaMar carefully done we can show an imlows: Bannock 8 to 22, Bear Lake

Lowry, Lester Campbell, E. Fay Litprovement over last year of more than 25 to 28, Bear River 11 to 27, Big

tle, B. F. Lowry, Supervisor. 100%. Success to you. Horn 6 to 20, Blaine 24 to 25, Boise

Your brother, 25 to 26, Box Elder 11 to 22, Cache

Stake Bulletins Desired James W. Blain, 26 to 29, Cassia 20 to 22, Curlew

to 10 to 16, Deseret East 28, 20 Priesthood Cache, Davis South and Stake Chairman AaronicDIONEER, to 11 Jordan to 25, Ensign 14 18, Committee.

regular bulpublish Ensign stakes Franklin to to 23 26, Fremont 21 letins giving Aaronic Priesthood in23, Garfield 11 to 13, Gunnison 13 to formation, copies of which are sent to Pioneer Stake Holds Aaronic 15, Hollywood 32 to 35, Hyrum 6 officethe Presiding Bishopric. of the

If bulletins stakes other publish reguPriesthood Outing to22 11,to 24,IdahoJuarez15 to35 16,to Idaho36, KanabFalls larly copies occasionally or will be to 10, 6 to Kolob 15 16, to Lehi 25 the of on banks PARK JORDANappreciated. Liberty to 25, 25 28, to Logan 18 River Utah's Jordan within and

25, Angeles to Los 8 21 22, Malad the of boundaries Pioneer Stake was to 22, to Maricopa 22 39, Priesthood Moapo Sanpete North selected for the the annual of outing to 15 20, Montpelier 15 to 18, MorAaronic Priesthood that stake. of Active to gan 24, 4 Davis North to 12 25,

the outing While for announced was Sanpete North to 8 11, North acWeber indication commendable of N A the a Aaronic Priesthood large perto 17 32, Oneida to 32 34, Oqu*r7h officers tivity and members among centage of the stake population parto 12 14, to Parowan 10 11, Piotheof of Priesthood North Aaronic ticipated. of novel The program and to neer 27, 26 Pocatello to 21 29, office of the toSanpete Stake comes entertaining events entire the occupied Portneuf to 8 St. 11, to George 16 in the Presidingthe Bishopric form afternoon evening. and St. 20, 11 Johns to Salt 11, 18 Lake letter sent the stake aof out comby others While present were prothe to 21, Francisco San to 18 19, San It to supervisors.mittee conward itself gram arranged for was members to Juan 21 23, Luis to 16 San 17, thattains suggestions so helpful many the of Aaronic Priesthood and was to 18 Sharon 20, 9 to So. Sanpeteit is for of published the information designed the stake to by committee 11, So. Sevier to 14 18, 11 Summit letter stakeother committees. The a give them day of genuine entertain- 1 to 14, 6, Tooele to Falls 18 Twinfollows: ment. sports the Water Jordan, on to \9, to 8 Uintoh 16, to 19 Utah last Priestat agreed Stake our We field sports contests, and refreshments 22, 6 to 14, Wayne to 21 Weber 24, appoint one to meeting somehood a campfire and program were import- 8 Jordan to West 12, 17 Woodruff toof our Aaronic Priesthood boys ant items the schedule. on Charles to 18, Yellowstone to 14, 10 Youngwrite our "Outing."June up R. Mabey, chairman of the Scout com- 7, to 15 2 to Zion 16 Park 27.

is if another you Here suggestion—

have not already held your Outing take a kodak along. Some of the

pictures that you take may be suitable for mounting on a display card and hanging in your church building. Send

us one or two of the best ones and we will send them to the Era. If

they have space enough, perhaps they will print them for us.

Dort't forget to send me a copy of your trip writeup. We can use some

of the material from each ward at our next Priesthood meeting.

Please have your Aaronic Priesthood

Supervisors stress attendance at Sunday School and the observance of the

Word of Wisdom during the months of July and August. If this work is Aaronic Priesthood of East Jordan Stake

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Sunday Evening Joint Session for September (GENERAL Theme Modern Piowhich a Spiritual gift was exercised word of wisdom; to another the word

NEERINC -In Spirituality. 5 minutes, a man; 5 minutes, a womof knowledge by the same Spirit; to

1. Singing "Israel, Israel, God Is an. another faith by the same Spirit; to

Calling."7. Singing—"The Spirit of God another the gifts of healing by the

2. Prayer. Like A Fire Is Burning."same Spirit; to another the workings

3. Quartette or Mixed Chorus 8. Benediction. of miracles; to another prophecy; to

"Ye Simple Souls Who Stray,"or a "Now concerning spiritual gifts, another discerning of spirits; to ansimilar hymn. brethren, I would not have you igother divers kinds of tongues; to an-

4. The Slogan. norant. Ye know that ye were genother the interpretation of tongues; 5. Twenty Minute Talk—"Trails tiles carried away unto these dumb but all these worketh that one and

Leading to a Deeper, Spiritual Life."idols even as ye were led. Wherefore selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man

I give you to understand that no man severally as he will."I Corinthians, a. Markers of the Trails—Bible,

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covespeaking by the Spirit of God calleth XIL112.

nants, Pearl of Great Price, and works Jesus accursed: and that no man can "Follow after charity, and desire

by ancient and modern philosophers say that Jesus is the Lord, but by spiritual gifts, but rather that ye proand Thinkers. (Passages from these the Holy Ghost. phesy."I Cor. XIV: 1.

gifts, are diversities there of as definitions.) be used books "Now may

is life be spiritually minded "To are Spirit. the same but and And there who have folwomen b. Men

peace."6. and Romans VIII: differences trails. the spiritual of administrations, but lowed

c. Spiritual Trails Leading Ahead same Lord. And there are diversities "For if ye live after the flesh ye

From Here. (These are merely sugof operations but it is the same God shall die: but if ye through the Spirit

gestions. The speaker, of course, may which worketh all in all. do mortify the deeds of the body, ye

use his own good judgment in pre- "But the manifestation of the Spirit shall live. For as many as are led

paring his speech. is given to every man to profit withal. by the Spirit of God, they are the

6. A Story of an Occasion upon For to one is given by the Spirit the sons of God."Romans, VIII: 1314.

*>- *ic#@p***- -< Review of the 37th Annual M. I. A.

June Conference Continuedpage from618 in the auditorium of the Church Washington. President Fox offiHPHEN came Sunday with its

Office building. Here the importciated at the planting and Superinusual spiritual feast to climax

ance of this department's work for tendent Smith presided at the cerethe conference. From the earliest

the successful completion of all monies. John F. Bowman, former meeting of the day to the final ses-

M. I. A. activities and the Era mayor of Salt Lake and a member sion, Sunday, was marked with the

drive for the coming season were of the Y. M. M. I. A. general spiritual program of the M. I. A.

stressed. It was pointed out that board, gave the address of the day, No more appropriate beginning

the selection of chairmen for this extolling George Washington. could have been devised than a teswork in the 'wards and stakes, the This was followed by a mass flag timony meeting in the Assembly

best availahle person be chosen. display by Boy Scouts and BeeHall, where ward and stake workThe unlimited possibilities for deHive girls of Salt Lake City. ers were at liberty to express their

velopment, especially in the field Contest finals in public speaking, feelings and to tell of their faith of publicity were revealed by retold story, drama, archery and in the work. They availed themspeakers. vanball, occupied attention for selves of this opportunity and for

Following the department sesthe entire afternoon Saturday. an hour the Spirit of the Lord was

sion, hundreds of conference visitWinners were announced in the thoroughly enjoyed.

ors gathered on the northwest side Improvement Era for July. At the beginning of the meeting

of the Tabernacle, where a tree, The grand music concert in the the new M. I. A. slogan, "We

a descendant from one grown on Tabernacle was a fitting conclusion Stand for Enrichment of Life the Potomac, was planted by the for the day of greatest activity Through Constructive Use of

M. I. A. officers in honor of George during the three day conference. Leisure and Personal Service to

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 629

Fellow Man,"was presented to the their fathers have bequeathed to the problems in connection with conference and discussed by Assistthem as an heritage and maintain taking care of the Latterday ant Superintendent Melvin J. Balit, continue to put their faith in Saints."

is faith in this I. other A. Him.lard The of the M. Y. M. to CHORTLY after this meeting Godgiven ours, increasof the government told of Ballard Elder

ing amount of leisure that was us, not made of man. It still reconcluded, delegates to the conbeing thrust upon the young peomains our heritage to be mainference gathered at the southeast

ple of the M. I. A. through untained by us against foes from corner of the block, where a markemployment, and told of the newithout and enemies from within, er in honor of Orson Pratt, and

cessity of seeing that this time was regardless of the sacrifice involved."the Salt Lake Meridian and base

profitably used by all. President Grant in his address at which the pioneer leader estabthis session said: lished was unveiled. The marker

HPHE remainder of the meeting "I am grateful for all that 1 was bared to public gaze by Lawas turned over to a discussion have heard during this conference. thila Pratt Kimball, daughter of

of the value of a testimony to M. President Grant then urged the Orson Pratt. It was placed on

I. A. leaders, by Assistant Supmembers of the Church faithfully the Temple wall jointly by the

erintendent Richard R. Lyman and to observe the practice of fasting Mutual Improvement Associations

First Counselor Lucy Grant Canand the law of tithing. "Let me of the Church and the Utah Pionon, and to the bearing of testipromise you here today that if the neer Trails and Landmarks Asmonies. Latterday Saints will honestly sociation.

final session of came the Then this conscientiously day from and the feature of An outstanding a meeting conference, the with the the forth, as a people, keep month- a of adoptionconference was the resolution supporting the Eightly fast and pay into the hands of theme, "Youth and Religion."

eenth amendment. This was done their bishops the actual amount This session was held Sunday eveat the Sunday afternoon meeting that they would have spent for ning in the Tabernacle and speakand was read as follows by Elder food for the two meals from which ers all emphasized the need of conto keep activity prayer stant and if in refrained, adthey have andLyman:

ideals true to the people the young their to that they will pay "We, the Mutual Improvement dition workers of the Church of Jesus honest tithing, it will solve all of and principles of the Gospel and

Christ of Latterday Saints, to give a lasting testimony of its 10,000 strong, delegates representdivinity.

citizensing members, 125,000 of A Prayer theThetimespiritualhad cometreatforwastheovertravelerand conStates in annualthe United vention assembled in the great By Frances Nuttall to move on, thoroughly refreshed, built mentally and up spiritually, Salt City, atTabernacle Lake us to be kind God, travel the who do to physically, ready and June, this of 12th dayUtah, understand. TXEAR not oasis to in the another long miles to the declare loyalty our1932, disagreed. are so very so and many, We future.

all still desire to one knows, noEighteenth the Though of Amendment—<c<<g5Vsreprimand, States. the ofConstitution United

We stand for our Prohibition laws Andgreatesteach oneneed.seems to know the other's The Hollow End of

and pledge our support to officers and candidates for office who reFor there are those of us who know no Efficiency spect these laws, who live in acpower By FLOY L. TURNER

cordance with them and who strive Beyondstands ushighmen,alone,to whom man's brain "LJUjSH yo'cheepin', chicks, an for their enforcement."To whom all work is for this earthly creep under the hover. It's goin'

The adoption of this resoluhour, ter be a nyghty col'night. No use

tion appropriately followed a disBe kind to us, dear God, who live in just a waitin'an'a wailin'fo'yo'mothcussion of Prohibition and conour own., ers, cause you hasn't any. Leastwise

theditions throughout there country by And assistant are those of us who live alone if you"Buthas,lookthey'veat you!donTwofo'gothundred,you. administra-E. E. Collins, thee, in

tor for the tenth district of which Until thy works are changed with all an'all so soft an'fluffy! Wouldn't

Utah is a part. unconscious fraud, it jus'make a hen's heart expan'wif

till ter her bustin'she's nigh pride creeds, in la world and of many things Resulting Collins other Mr. among

at breas'An'just to look you! we bone

said, "Prohibition a failure, is not to gave. the Forget kind you minds Be jus'her she wing molt wouldn't

is a success."but us, dear God. stretchin'feathers out to make 'em

first of the speaker meeting The

Dr. ofwas Henry Newman New Thenlovethereand areweep,those of us who think and you"Buta shelter!mothers has done gone out o'

York who discussed the great funcAnd know the science of Thee and man fashion fo'you, chicks. Yo'mothers

tions of beauty. is in commune, has done got 'mancipated, an'prcb'ly

live to progress, rwork, and knowltheir their min's We spen's time improvin'Ivins President then spoke, and keep, ever edge lectures. an'at clubs hen declaration his that the conmade oft* 'kind, doubt. can Yet Be we we creep an'chicks, unnow, "Come oasisference as desert in the an was forget so soon. excruciatin'ly It's the hover. der mos'

traveler.to the President weary

all 'lectrically practical, warmed. really so, to seems while A one no And saidIvins in prayers he had two sufscientificated understand, of mechanical model

his heart for the young people. And yet we all of us are fairly sure we do, ficiency.

They were: "That God will conDear God, give me thy hand, "Creep in, chicks, an'huddle close

tinue to strengthen the faith which And lead me, lead me through. together. Want I should croon to

they manifest, the faith which you, chicks?"

M. I. A. Publicity

THISin wardspage isanddesignedstakes whofor thosehave nouncehe can findthe namesconnectedof as withmanythepeoplesocial,as alikestorythe hecopycan in.use andA longwhenstoryhe wouldmight

been given the responsibility or if the names of those who are gobe acceptable if it came in two days of reporting and publicizing ing to do things are not available, he before publication, but not accept-

M. I. A..Activities. will get an interview with the M. I. able if it came in the morning of the

Publicity has grown to be so im- A. presidents or with the chairman of day of publication.

is social. the that point the pubthat inportant our manysided world The

publicity good Summarizing: The licity something alike, have includmustlarge concerns small man and NEW

a for plans paper on campaign man date of the tell the time. each to state As federal theing governments and

the big publicity his connected with will details nears social more and more individuals depend uponand who his His plan. events then follows and stunts, the of names be success for havepublic approval available—the carefully as are planned announcements the nathe the program, either numbers on the engaging habit offormed

as publicity. his job His newspaper etc. refreshments, the of ture "information"special publicity or

is to see that something has he new to else gates theagents wide open or the social the of pubweek issue interesting the for each of The and thefacts that in order newspapers and all the of together will knit licity paper. man

is on. goingpeople what know may final quoting big, shot stories in one

are businesses successful mostThe bishops, presidents, committee mutual in "tell thethose world"can which others any may who chairmen, and least repelling the interesting, Reportingthe most It say. to interesting something have

I. profit A.'smanner. may M. The the interview to for well will be him press, to reporting the of job The publicity machinery keeping bymuch find long editor and how newspaper

is deaffords splendid fascinating and order.in working good

Now there is a right way to report velopment to the person who does it.

what is going to happen, what has The reporter remembers that the readhappened, and what is happening. ers are interested primarily in Rudyard

Newspapers like good copy, manuWhy Do I Live? Kipling's famous Six Serving Men—

scripts well written and well worded. By Fern Rees Where, When, What, Why, Who, and

A few simple suggestions are given How.

and I live? need them for those here do who 7 HY reporter occasion examines the The

I T/fVV I live that a little their like to Do work do would is selects to the report he which and day, livelong toil the Might lost less efficiently mowith andmore interesting to -begin thing with most sleep eat, and And the is supplement to tion. page This tells facts in order the then the he and I weary, night when At am Stevens, A. Stringham talk given by their of doesn't beimportance. He toil? to rise again And Era the Improvement of a member I. life? the Is of this Meeting A. was M. gin—"A my

committee and an advertising and pubNo! This is but the shell of life. held Tuesday night."Obviously that

licity expert. isn't news. If Judge John D. Grayis life! Beauty is news, at that that son spoke meeting

I see the live to he begins, Gray- "Judge John and D.Publicity idawn, the golden morn, Crimson

The burning noon, son, judge of the Fifth judicial disThere is a slight difference between The glorious sunset, and the sable night. trict discussed some of the problems

publicity and straight reporting. The I live to hear the connected with the new state tax law

good publicity agent is supposed to be Running brook, ithe whistling wind, at a meeting of the Franklin ward muable to organize campaigns, which will The rushing fall, tuals Tuesday evening in the ward call, birds, the coyote's of song atThe full desired bring about that declared chapel. Judge Grayson results—a voice. drip of rain, and human The at and tendance show, Gold a road is worthy one which law is the new

Green Ball, or even a special meeting. Strength is life! of being given a genuine trial, etc.,

Good campaigns are expensive I live to achieve etc."

are Fairs adver World's campaigns. character will that endure A the program "Other on numbers

instance. eternity years, several for Throughout tized for

to a be "Just Good,"were character built the substance of cumulative. A be should Information given Swallow; which was Ruby by after soul Of my select is, agents publicity the That a was and flame the joy, of pain, scourge of The reading,duet—"Prayer"—which a and give only carefully few facts and

success, flush Lizzie Mulof and Jordan sung by The Ray > t otherwise time, at a pertinent the most 1* bitterness the failure. of ins. And

they will run out of new material. I live for strength.

For example: Suppose the Mutual Suggestion: Write on one side of

is to have an opening social in SepLove is life! the paper only with typewriter, if posif I love. ink, live to pencil sible, or black or with will agent publicity antember. The

all succeed plans Should is use my unavailable. typewriter Never early late fact in that or July nounce I fail love, to And espespelling size legal paper. Check,there in be that will time August. At is soul incomplete, my life Then my the give to sure cially be of names and little available. detail know may He emptiness inward An initials. first correct names and the the hides soul exact of In nature the date which and dumb and stricken. my

social. The publicity man can be of But if I love, If the newspaper man gets his copy

all else early, If calling real for service news by is Then stimulate will for in that he manner myfail souland complete,I love on. my life fulalreadyhe is muchfor morethe typesettinglikely to usemachines,it than

filled. activity. I live to love. if he has to check spelling, rearrange

The following week, if he is dealsentences, change punctuation, and call ing with a weekly paper, he will ansomebody to get first names.

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 631

page 601A Fool and His Wager Conn naerf from with the confident familiarity of For some time the stranger made ly fringing a tiny mountain unseasoned youth. no comment, and his cold eyes exstream. Then their way was barThe stranger had,drawn rein pressed incredulity. red by a new barb wire fence.

immediately below the youngster, "Lemme see that money,"he staring narrowly up at him. His said finally.

eyes were deepset, his glance sharp- l\S the Kid dismounted to open the wire gate obstructly watchful.

lull a in the ing the road, wind the produced Kid 1 HE to the "Huh?"The answer the to of apbrought sound infor him bills, holding out them airy greetingKid's was hardly

the riders within from spection. in proaching There bravado was a surprised grunt, suspimore than

cious, repelling. the gesture. But the next instant fenced inclosure. Instantly charged

fear, fresh the signalled with Kid the surprised youth looking was unabashed. Kid But the was The to his fist, the if for, companion at his and men as two empty by feeling revulsionsudden of he had

their to a quickly back sleight made way of the stranger hand, hadexperienced, that of a trapped from its side ravine. shelter tiny In reached suddenly gathered out and to ofdesperado the wild hope

escape, had brought all his social in the money, placing it in his own they spurred up into a dense thicket instincts and happy unrestraint to pocket. of scrub juniper one hundred

the surface. "All right,"he said coolly, in yards at right angles from the road.

"She's sure hot here in the sand, token of accepting the Kid's propHere they dismounted to better ain't she?"osition, "Cut the pack and you guard their horses and watch the

can ride. But I'm chief, see, and road below.

I carry the cash."Presently two horsemen emerged

IHIS overture brought The Kid stoodnon-plussed a from the shadowy depths of the no answer at all. The Kid smiled moment and then accepting the basin below and approached the

happily. '"You ain't got many situation, turned to dividing the gate at the road. Then they halted,

words in your language, have yuh, pack into two rolls, one of which drawing in behind a lone juniper

Blackie?"The stranger's stony, he tied on behind the cantle of by the side of the road.

appraising glare identified him all each saddle while the selfappoint- The San Pete Kid was excited.

the more certainly in the Kid's ed chief looked on critically. "Let's get outa here,"he whispered

mind. Mounted, the Kid now rode on to his monosyllabic companion.

"Great place to be afoot!"The ahead, being directed and followed 'That's the sheriff down there

stranger's words finally lashed out by the older man toward the blue waiting to nab us!"

like the brief rattle of pistol shots, mountains in the far northwest. But the laconic one refused to

questioningly, accusingly. Thus hour after hour the two be disturbed. "Mebbe not,"he

The Kid laughed and walked plodded tediously onward through retorted. "Let's see what they're

down to the horseman, who swung the sand, the Kid keeping a comup to."

his horse warningly, gunside away prehensive lookout for pursuit. But

from the Kid. none materialized. The Kid's Not many minutes later they

Nothing daunted, the Kid began amiable efforts at conversation were heard the occasional purr of a negotiations at once. "You're repelled by silence or noncommit- motor laboring up the grade,

Black Darmstaedter, ain't you?"tal grunts until he, too, subsided mingled with the roar of the wind

"Huh?"into silence. on the juniper ridges, and knew

"Oh, all right, we'll cut out the Toward evening the two horsethat a car was approaching from introductions if you don't like men finally left the sandfields and the south. Later they could see its

'em,"the Kid grinned. "Well, emerged upon a vast shadscale lights intermittently, and then

anyway, pleased to meet yuh. Fact plain stretching away to the mounfinally a rumbling old car drew

is, I was on my way to find you."tains. On firm footing once more, up to the gate. Here it stopped

"So!"the riders made better time through and a man got out to open the

"Yes; yuh see I'm caught in a cool twilight and by the time gate.

jam,"the Kid explained hurriedly, darkness settled heavily upon them At this moment the two horseanxious to be at his business. they were winding up into the men below rode out from behind

'There's a posse after me this minjuniper-covered foothills of the the juniper shielding them and ute, and my horse had to fall in Tintics. Presently the moon arose confronted the man at the gate.

a badger hole and break his leg."flooding the ridges with its pale A few sharp words were heard,

There was no sympathy in the illumination, and with the moon indistinct in the wind, and the cold, questioning silence that greetcame a strong wind that brought watchers above saw one of the ed this news. a comforting sense of security to riders dismount and advance on

"I was makin'for your hidethe San Pete Kid, for he knew the man afoot, who drew back.

out. But they'll ketch me, sure, that now any tracks in the sand Then the aggressor was seen to

afoot."were blotted out forever. strike, and the retreating man to

"Sure as shootin'."The dim road they followed fall beside his car.

"Split fifty fifty if you'll help now became a narrow dugway on Suddenly realizing that a deme outa here. I knocked over the a steep sidehill overlooking a narfenceless man was being hijacked,

mail yesterday for fifteen hunderd row mountain valley, in the botthe Kid mounted and spurred out bucks."The Kid was appealing tom of which they could make from shelter, forgetting caution.

now. out a line of cottonwoods, evident- "Stop that!"he yelled, and crashed

632 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

searchingly at the two men bendmg over him. "No use,"he lence. The Kid was visibly afdown through the sagebrush towheezed. "I'm afraid I'm a fected.

ward the car. goner. 'They're all right,"the older

But the men below evidently For some time he lay moaning man whispered impatiently. "Let's

failed to hear these sounds in the feebly in anguish and then as if go,"and he gestured the Kid out.

roar of the wind, for there was no drawing upon his last vital reIn the kitchen the Kid hesitated.

hesitation in the dispatch of their sources to convey a message, he He was thinking of the lonely terbusiness. A hurried examination, motioned them to draw nearer. ror awaiting the two little boys.

and then as one of them picked "My two boys... in the cabin,""I ain't going,"he said at last.

up the fallen body and threw it he whispered. "Take care of "Stay here an'get caught?"

into the car, the other released the rhem.... Fifteen hundred dollars leered the older man.

brakes, turning the steering wheel. to pay for this place... in cash. But the Kid's pinched face sigAlmost instantly the car was rollBut they didn't want us here... nalled a sacrificial choice. He stooding backward off the dugway, and they held up the stage—"The his ground stubbornly. "That

had pitched down the steep hillside man lay gasping a moment. "I money I got off the stage was to

for this ranch, and I'm goinginto the darkness below before the can't get my—breath—pay

men were aware of the Kid's attack. For a little space the two stood to see them kids get it,"he said

The Kid was now shooting staring at the tragic form, and doggedly.

wildly at blazing guns below, then the older man started up the The older man laughed harshly quickly emptying his own. He hill. "Let's be going,"he said and started to leave. "You maywas aware that his companion had in tones of finality. be as soft as all that, but—

joined the fray by the crackle of But the Kid was full of disapThen the Kid exploded.

pistol shots behind as well as beproval. "We got to look out for "You gimme that money!"he

fore him. Then the Kid felt his them kids."His accents carried raged, his hand snatching at his

horse lunge with the shock of a rebuke. gun. But the older man whirled

bullet and give way beneath him, "Can't take 'em with us, where and struck like a coiled rattler, and he was thrown with a crash we're going,"pointed out the his hard fist hitting the Kid's chin into the sagebrush below. For other. with a snap. The stricken youth

some time he lay there struggling The Kid pondered this a mostumbled backward against the with his scattered senses, and then ment. "But we can see if they're wall, completely out.

his companion rode up to him. all right,"he insisted, though

all mildasked right?"he "Yuh the of coming ITH subdued. more W feet. ly, his as to the staggered Kid after daylight, several of hours older take a look,"the can "We an* let's get over, so "Fight's down sleep in jerky, which mumbling conceded, so they climbed and man see car."to that happened what his weariness only extreme held road. into the back the pause men Without two the Pete him, roused San Kid himthe they followed through This hillside the hurried onnow down felt self a sore gingerly of and hillside the gate open on and up car driverless directionin the the fell chin. to he wondering Then led until into the road them down the of taken. the bottomhad At his he where and was why. That the again. presently basin There thedeclivity they upon came off clothes in a were he and was settler's they shanty the came upon underneath whichwreck, from for furgave food bed him warm clearing. corrals a in small and a faint a moaning.came With ther noticed the wonderment. He their horse the up, one two Tying to straining managed theymighty little it in bed nearby and saw two quietly. cabin the approached men the roll battered of the remains still in boys, deep cherubic slumolder the up,"'em "Don't wake its of disclosing thecar over, body ber, seeing and remembered them warned. manoccupant. before. gradually complete Then

memory was restored. On his

effected, clothes he noticed a sheet of paper WITHOUT a word Entrance the older man gathered sagebrush they found themselves in a rude with a penciled note inscribed and started a fire, but the Kid unkitchen and cast about cautiously thereon.

rolled the blankets on behind the for a light. Presently finding and "If I'd known your gun was

cantle of his partner's saddle and lighting a candle, they gently empty,"the Kid read in astonishspread them beside the unconscious pushed open the door into the one ment, "I wouldn't have hit you.

form. Then the two of them adjoining room. This was seen The real Darmstasdter is dead. I

gently moved the broken body on to be occupied by two beds, in one was after him when I picked you to the blankets. The victim cried of which were snuggled two little up in the sand, everyone believing

out in pain as they moved him, boys in the deep, untroubled sleep he held up the stage. If you beand opened his eyes in terror as the of childhood. For some moments have, that belief will never be dislight of the fire disclosed the faces the two outcasts looked on in siturbed. As a wouldbe outlaw

of his rescuers. "I ain't got it,"you're an awful failure. Let me

he moaned. see you make a better job of caring

The Kid was greatly disturbed. for those kids until their Dad gets

"We ain't the ones hijacked you,"back. He's pretty well used up,

he said. "Tell us where to take but'll live and can make that payyou."ment on the ranch. See you when

The man closed his eyes and I return. Yours truly,

his face was contorted as he reJim Thibault, sisted intense pain. Then he looked Sheriff of Tintic County."

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 633

4iThe Heart of Utah Continuedpage from623

Lake City vibrates with the same its persfecutors to Share its selfresidence there than that for which courage, honesty and stoic serenity created beauty! I had time.

it is that I was loaththat its forthright founders pos- A city is the sumtotal of human Certain sessed. souls living within its boundaries. to leave Salt Lake City. For to

it possessed intangible, an an me its charcity takes a Consequently, the Thomases""DoubtingpOR indefinable truly something more its citicharacter of the from this, there read is an iracter who all satisfying material the than Salt spirit zens. of the Therefore,

fact to substantiaterefutable my to pleasures advantages and which its spirit is inthe of City Lake dolmillionobservations. Three east restore return me. would my spirit, in that habitants. my Andlars appropriated the Utah by was possible to I began ponder on the is sets Salt Lake estimation, what the legislature for of buildingstate sources quality distinctive that of cities. other apart City from the State House.Utah's'When to of spirituality—that, spirit—or its dignified in allstructure, magis visitor almost conscious City. characterizes Salt me, Lake HpHE

nificence, was complete within and immediately, of an atmosphere And, I confess, I am still ponderwithout, the officials in charge reof friendliness, serenity and ing.

turned to the state treasury almost warmth. Men and women are It can't be due entirely to the

a quarter of a million dollars! courteous and hospitable; kindly Mormon influence, for those I met

Oddly enough, good news is not and helpful. The seven beautiful who are not Mormons possess that

considered news at all! So one canyons, only a half hour's drive certain j quality of spirit equally

must visit Utah's capital to learn from the heart of town, extend with those who are. Is it due,

this amlazing fact which should welcoming arms to outdoor lovers. then, to the ready accessibility of

have been frontpage news. Yet At [high noon, the Tabernacle beauty in the city, on Great Salt

whoever visits Salt Lake City from flings wide its doors to musk lovLake, in the canyons of the Wathe politically corrupt, graftridden ers. No one hurries. There is satch? Is it due to the tranquil,

cities of the country, cannot help no pushing, no shoving, no crowdunhurried pace of life? To the

but acknowledge a renewed faith ing. There is time and space for leisure for congenial social interin mankind when viewing this everyone! course... for the development of

to integrity. hismonument life? fuller, a richer personal avethe and up Walking down esprit Salt of de corps The Lake it is of the Perhaps combination sees or nues, harassment one no

is its further reCity evinced by all forces separate these of which passersfaces the perplexity of onligious tolerance. funThough the has charm. wrought peace, sees calmness, only by. One essentiallydamentally and Morof corners the at lurking a smile |in I 'HI'S1 Utah it rehas othermon, welcomed (believe—out lips. eyes and

is is life livingligious T good, the worth denominations with consequence that a population of One is a constant if somewhat for its own sake; not for its reapproximately 140,000 is supportsurprised witness to the devotion wards of material gain, fleeting

ing 23 religious sects and 137 between sweethearts, between man successes, shallow social prestige.

churches. and wife, mother and son, brother All that counts is what you are;

Again the "Doubting Thomasand sister. There is something of not what you have nor from what

es"will say, "Well, what of it? legendary chivalry in men's regard forbears you are sprung. All valTheir untheir womenfolk. for is moral, tolerationReligious not unique spiritual—are ues—mental, loyalty and faithfulness swerving again. City."Right on a differentto Salt Lake and a

is is a the rule rather than the excepLife city precious gift and death a in our other anyBut—name higher plane. tion. adventure. inglorious of thecountry that born was

tolerance of all other religious deThe fabric of life in Salt Lake During my sojourn in Utah, all Utah, in fact—is a and ever since my return home,nominations. Name any other City—in

city, born in the desolation that different stuff from that in other I have asked myself this question:

was its only safeguard against percities. But to examine its warp Have not the inhabitants of Utah,

secution, that graciously welcomed and woof requires a much longer and especially those of Salt Lake

City, discovered the secret of living?

Whatever the answer, I feel certain in my own mind, that they have achieved a loftier living than we have here, east of the Mississippi.

And as I stand with my perplexities on the brink of frustration, a great warm wave of hope surges up within my harrowed soul. For I see again a beautiful

valley between the Wasatch Mountains and Great Salt Lake, and in my heart echoes that exultant cry which issued from the parched lips of Brigham Young;

"This is the place!"

Eagle Gate, Salt Lake City. a

634 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

Clipped Wings Continuedpage from590 at the look upon it. It was closed, from her. Oh, he must not—she their paces, passengers awaiting the

secretive. He was purposely recould not let him go! And if this next ship, sightseers, venders, taxis.

fraining from referring to the continued it would surely happen. The blue plane was absent. But

plane! Why? They had never had There would come a day when he not for long. Not three minutes

secrets, never kept things back, but would throw over everything for after she halted her car at the edge now Walter was doing both. He flying. He was like that. Once of the field she saw it approaching.

could not have forgotten it. Imhe had thrown over everything else Her heart filled her chest uncompossible! When he arose from the for her. And then he had given fortably. All the way over she

table her heart was heavy with his all to farming, to please her. had rehearsed her speech. She

foreboding. It was so small a He had given up pleasure flights would appeal to the man's chivalry

thing, yet upon it she felt somefor her sake. Then refrained even by telling him how terribly afraid

thing of great moment hung. from visiting the airports. Had she was for Walter, and how he

All the afternoon she wasted in even quit taking the air magazines must stay by the farm and not idle depths of misery. What was he had once so enjoyed. And now be tempted to the point of deserting

the plane doing in the field? What the pendulum was swinging back. it and her. If he didn't prove

did it mean to Walter? Ah, she Marta was not a fool. She knew amenable she would see what

had it! The man was a salesman. that pendulums do swing back; threats would do! She could forHe had heard of Walter's airmindthat patient men like Walter do bid his landing on their property.

edness and was trying to sell him turn, like the muchdiscussed It was as much hers as Walter's.

a plane! The thought gave her worm, and that this turning might The blue plane was circling the

comfort. She could see to it that be disastrous to their happiness. field, was descending gracefully,

he did not buy a plane. There Marta, standing at the barnyard was taxiing to a stop not a great

was money enough, to be sure, gate, clenched her fingers and spoke distance away. Marta got out of

mostly her own, but it was in the aloud to the spreading acres that her car. She must go to meet him

bank in Walter's name. Of course she loved. "What shall I do? before he was lost in the crowd or

Walter wouldn't draw out the Oh, what shall I do?"she pleaded. became engaged elsewhere. She

money without her consent, but But the wheat only shuddered unmade her way along the field's perhaps he planned to win her conder the wind's breath and the new edge, dodging people and cars mesent? She spent the remainder of corn blades rippled indifferently. chanically, her eyes glued to the

the afternoon in composing oraThe plane had vanished. Marta plane, watching to see what mantions on economy and the sound shuddered too. Suppose it should ner of man she had to deal with.

investment to be delivcrash of money, a and She took the And now Walter—pilot alighted—occasionered deep, to Walter upon the sobbing breath darted. and petite in white young woman

she anticipated. toward the car shed. Her mind breeches and jacket; a vixenish

Now she watched for the plane was made up. She would drive young woman with blonde hair

with an anxiety that matched to the flying field and appeal to the and a painted mouth! Marta stood

Walter's eagerness. It did not land pilot. If she could stop this in stock still and stared, her missionagain, but always swooped over time—momentarily forgotten. While she

the field where Walter was at She backed the car out, glancing looked a fellow pilot, a man this work. uneasily at the sky as she did so. time, strolled out to meet her. The

She must, if possible, arrive ahead girl took from the pocket of her of the plane. puff, jacket greeted the a powder later, weeks was IT casually together they and man a velvet of wheat waswhen the

green, that the ship landed again. iHERE was the usual sauntered away chatting. Marta

Walter was mending a fence, but assortment of people and planes at did not follow. She did not move

he dropped his tools and took the the field. Students going through at all. She felt draggled and heavy and utterly useless. A woman! Sheslope in eager strides. Marta had

gone running to the barnlot to could not appeal to a woman. She

get a somewhat closer view. She could not lay herself open to the

came to an abrupt halt at the gate. I Miss You scorn of those bold eyes, the ridiinto climbing theWalter was empBy Christie Lund culemust offightthatherpaintedbattle mouth.alone. Shety cockpit of the plane! moment A

the you MISSlater morning's gold when roared they over her head and J * Spills the upon ground east, thebore leaving her toward o'clock twelve a IT was pattern forms fair And as dreamsclutching the of the wire meshes never That home. found. Walter we when she reached

fence in horrified fascination. was at the barn when she drove

I miss the twilight you like when shadesWalter—Walter—the flying—into yard. to the She hurried Settle softly down he when knew secretly—this—to a mirror. looked house and She birds noisily chirp mating And felt it. she about hehow When the lanes of Along town. ghastly. cheeks her She pinched

it frightened her,knew knew Her thoughts petered out, dwin- I miss you when the evening's peace and wet her lips and fluffed her dled to a small vague blur, like the Closes 'round the day hair, uttering a prayer for courage blue plane in the blue sky was As Whogentlyhasas gonethe armsaway.of one asset sheoutdida coldso. Insnackthe withkitchenhandsshe slippingdwindling, away from

her. As Walter was slipping away that shook, ham and salad and

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 635

bread, butter and milk. There you're getting lost in the woods ily, counted her money and drove

was cake and a wedge of pie. Still mighty fast now. Snap out of it."again to Fowler flying field.

Walter had not come. To fill the She paced the floor with folded She went at once to a uniformed

interim she slipped out the door arms, back and forth through the youth who was vending tickets.

and cut a cluster of roses. She was cool living room, the sunny dining "Flights over the city? Twoarranging them on the table, her room, paused by Walter's deep fifty, madam."Marta counted out

back purposely to the door, when chair, dropped to her knees beside the money, her hands cold and he entered. She cleared her throat. it. "Oh, God, I must have his trembling, her heart sick with fear.

Her voice had a way of croaking confidence and comradeship. There He gave her a ticket and continued

when she was excited. must be nothing between us—not calling his wares up and down i "I hope you are terribly, terflying nor farms nor—anything. the fairway. Marta's courage had

ribly hungry so that a cold snack Help me to find the way back. been effervescent. If the wait were

will taste good,"she challenged. Help me, help me!"long she should certainly be unable

Had he noticed that hoarse note She knelt for a long time with to bolster it sufficiently. Minutes

in her voice? her head on the padded arm of passed. A plane circled above,

"I'm that hungry all right."the chair, then lifted her head with spiralling down at a dizzy angle,

I will!"she plunged horribly and rose again. "I'm glad, because I was a a gasp. "I—will.

naughty girl and ran away from said aloud. Rising she ran to her Marta's heart cavorted painfully.

duty this morning."bedroom, bathed and dressed hast- A boy came by with a paper. She

"How come?"

"Oh, I guess I felt the call of the great open spaces or something.""What—time did you leave?"INDEX TO ADVERTISERS

he asked too casually. These advertisers are highclass and dependMarta told him. able, worthy of your confidence and patronage.

"S'good for you,"he declared.

"Ought to do it oftener."Beneficial Life Insurance Co. Back Cover

"Perhaps I shall,"she said, and Brigham Young University 608609 froze into silence. Walter dreamed Deseret News Press 63 8

on. Excelsis Products Co. 63 8

Grant, Heber J. 8 Co.. 63 7

OHE sat on at the table HotelL. D. TempleS. BusinessSquareCollege: 636357

after Walter went back to work, Quish School of Beauty Culture: 63 6

gazing, gazing, thinking, thinking. Standard Brands, Inc.,. 637

A deadly poison was seeping into Utah Oil Refining Co. 639

their lives, hers and Walter's. All Utah Agricultural College Inside Front Cover

that sweet inner peace was gone University of Utah Inside Back Cover and unrest had taken its place. Utah Power 8 Light Co. 636

They were being robbed of a spiritual harmony that had so far been theirs. And all because she was

being "left out"of this new love of Walter's. Of course it wasn't That"Nois farmattermorewhatimportantmy means,thanifleavingI had a herdaughtermoney."—MaryI would teachRobertsher toRinehart.support herself.actually a new love, but a renewing

it the old,of was, but anyway, didsomething share he not with MAKING The FUTURE lifeher. has our married "And for Children SAFE sobeen lit these During: of swiftly days fortunes,YOUR changing be what is hard to know may perfect—so—beautiful."depended upon. slid her cheek. She downA tear Parents are eager for their greater children who no can life happy to make do them

sniffled for a dismal quarter hour, serviceBusinessthan trainingtraining providesthem to abefascinatingindependent.and respected means of selfsupport, whether

then was possessed of a new or not your boy or girl attends 'a cultural college. Secretarial, accounting and executive

thought. She would buy Walter positionsor not thisin training/offices bringis usedindependencein an office andposition,opportunitiesit will beforvaluablelarge earnings.all throughWhetherlife in

personal fahandling thea plane her with money

Other investments affairs.may prove disappointing—money put into practical training is itther delivered left, have had lost. and never

present it to him, sweet, selfsacri- required.Mail the coupon below for complete information on opportunities, courses and time

ficing wife that she was. Andthen what? Would there be any L. D. S. BUSINESS GOLLEGB

CITY SALT LAKE that? in"sharing"she was -i n 1| i—lt II When H H H—lit—i. hhi H H |M—i-|t—llll——...miH—i ii It—ii,

I'. L. S. (Coupon) D. BUSINESSH COLLEGE,||....i.||—ofout the with sympathy whole

Salt City, Lake Utah.. If a emp-. manbusiness could stand merely and I,business, in. plan interested of learning about your more how am his ties purse into. i students. to future Please for safe helps training the your make see flyaside and away, him perhaps

''head, his obligation. of catalog, no a your without copy send man

little like hussieswith she bold it can.. -. I Name this morning,saw powdering and take,him. from—Benaway

Address jamin Franklin. \lipsticking breeches? wearing and

State City | feet. to herShe sprang "Come, Fall Term (Begins September

Marta, you were never a fool, but 6 636 The Improvement Era for August, 1932

bought a copy, hoping to divert There was a seasick feeling in the her mind from the ordeal she had pit of her stomach. There was

set herself. A headline arrested her: a disconsolate feeling in the middle

Cleaner PLANE CRACKS UP AT BENNETT ofthatherWaltermind wouldthat madebe herproperlyhope

FIELD. THREE DEAD. sorry for having driven her to her

Cooler death. cThe hoped they would

at anything all would ill. and weak Anybody Homes oHE felt suddenly crash soon and get it over. Anythis. closed was a thing—justbe better than She fly! fool to a fool, Walter She was

With waswas aa fool!fool, Well,the vixenishlet anyonewomanwho hershe eyesopenedin utterthemresignation.again someoneWhen

would be fools, as for Marta, she was opening the door and a cool was going home where there was draught of fresh air touched her face. Hands were there to help ELECTRIC plenty of ground to walk on

and plenty for fools to fly over, her out. She stepped to the

ly. It was over after a while, and COOKING wardfor thatthe matter.car. HalfShewaystartedto it shetoground—and vomited disgustingencountered the youth. Marta found that her pilot had

"All right, madam, your plane stood by. She was half sorry she

lived into through such an is dull had end. glorious to crash death To Now you can have the isthisnowtrip, ready.so you'llBusinesshave the whole

cleanliness and convenience cabin to yourself. That's the one, from the sky was one thing. To

in your spectacle a disgusting of oneis where the engine up. make warming

a cool kitchen another. resolve self was Sudden is ofhome—andelectric cooking Mrs. Beardsley pilot."the

the summer feet. steadied her. rose She her opened mouth had Marta a small only to "I up go want throughoutmonths—for her to she say changed mind, had again—now."to her and down payment said firmly. she pilot. of the she a glimpse got easy when terms. monthly spirit!"Mrs. "That's the hesistiffened she spine and Her

tated. There was a faint roar far Beardsley exclaimed. "Not one in

above their heads. She looked up. a thousand would have the cour-

a Bert, we'll age. on, make Come like -could she up

vegetables Meats cook Would and she—go this flyer yet!"passenger of out clouds, that, the into from away

tasty juices in their own pleasure in colored with Marta horrible, to earth the dear good "by meals cook and themspite her of herself, look but was heights? goosefleshy from Away free to selves while you are grim. to hold nothing with Walter and

things. do other relax, just if you'll Mrs. "Now itself crash could to that not

down? A black wave of nausea

swept her. "Winters,"Marta supplied.

"This way, lady; the pilot is "Just relax, Mrs. Winters, and

Drop Into Our Store ready."consider this a lark instead of an

is half won. or Phone for Full Marta looked at the pilot. She ordeal and the battle

Information was nonchalantly waiting. Think you can do that?"

"I'll try.""Good. Now, Bert—UTAH POWER M..ARTA hated her

hated darfor her her vigorously; & LIGHT CO. for her IT really made a differcoolness ing, for her and

Efficient Public Service own quaking timidity. She scorned ence. On the second trip she vento ride with her. But this was tured a glance out the window the road to Walter!-—-and she was now and then and relaxed her grip

chair the she every time on thought plane. the the to following boy INDEPENDENT BE it. she of After they came down steps the and She mounting was Vocation So Profitable! Other No into conference with Mrs. went seat in a cabin. taking the The ENROLL NOW conference the Beardsley. When irrevocably. closing, door was at the Course a Complete For

There was a uniformed young man was over she went home with a

Qulsh School of Beauty Culture beside the young woman. They triumphant look on her face.

The Best in the West chatted unconcernedly while MarIt was a strange life the two 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. ta, feeling that she was riding to now led on the farm. Walter had

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH a quick and untimely death, taken another flight in the blue

For Further Information clutched the edge of the chair and plane, of which he said nothing.

and Catalog Call clenched her teeth. Presently she And every other afternoon Marta

Wasatch 7560 or was aware that the pair were lookdrove off in the car, and of her

Fill in This ing at her; that they had exchanged trips she said nothing. And each Coupon.

glances; that they were respecting was more than a little hurt and %

her misery by pretending not to withdrawn, and trying not to notice. Evidently her worried state show it. Walter reasoned that

of mind had upset her digestion. Marta knew about the flights and

..

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 637

if she would show the faintest interest he would gladly make a clean breast, but so long as she. And wasn't she Delicious... Fresh..acted like this—

doing even worse, running away notthree times a week, he knew it Amazingly Quick! doing if she werewhere? And

just to get even, why then maybe Here's a Whole Family of they were even at that.

Marta reasoned that Walter Delicious Desserts. Serve them often!

knew she took the car and spent every other afternoon away from ROYAL QUICK SETTING GELATIN DESSERTS home, and if he weren't so wrapstrength, whenped up in his own selfish pleasures The flavors (6 to choose from) are fresh—full

and interests he would ask her you get them. Set in about half the usual time.

where she went and she would gladly tell him, but since he preROYAL CHOCOLATE and VANILLA PUDDINGS tended not to notice and didn't Are made with Arrowroot starch insuring wholesome gootTness so much as mention it, why—and quick cooking. Especially good for children.

One evening as Marta was reading she came upon an item about a wellknown woman pilot.

"Here's this Miss Redding going ROYAL DESSERTS out to break men's altitude records. At Your Grocer

What do you think of women pilots, Walter?"

The answer came quickly. "I

think they're topnotch sports,"he declared rather more vigorouslythan Marta enjoyed. A LITTLE LIGHT

"I guess you're right,"she said A little light on your insurance will undoubtsigh.with a heavy

The wheat grew tall and ripenedly reveal the fact that you are greatly undered, was cut and shocked and insured. Think what it would mean if fire

threshed. Walter suggested a vadestroyed your property.cation. Marta was looking pale

and thin. Maybe she needed achange, a cooler climate? No, no. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

she needed nothing of the sort.

She was all right. If Walter wantSee our agent in your town.

ed to go alone? He didn't HEBER J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

I WO weeks went by, -"--——fc * ttu dh m*

in which Marta became a haggard shadow of her former self. Walter

protested. "See here, Marta, you Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel

needn't say any more that there's nothing wrong. You've gotten to

be a mighty poor sleeper, and you used to sleep like a top. You cry HOTEL

out and jump and grab me like your life depended upon it. Be TEMPLE reasonable, now and—

"All right, dear, after this week. I do feel a bit seedy."SQUARE

The plane had not alighted in 200 Rooms each with the field for several weeks. Walter Tile Bath

had seen to that. He felt that Rates

there was some connection between his stolen flights and the change $1.50 to $4.00

in Marta. It was then, with some Radio Connections for

indignation that the next day folEvery Room lowing this conversation with

Marta, he saw the blue plane hovOpposite Great Mormon Temple ering over the field. Then he noERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

ticed it making exceedingly awkward circles: saw it bank steeply, H i h i I pi ii ii

638 The Improvement Era for August, 1932 m&rwe&r sawas if itsomethingwaver andmightrise andbe wrong.swoop approval.""I've bought it, subject to your

Or as if a green hand held the stick.

And now it was coming down to Walter looked at an awkward, lurching, bumpy the coveted plane lovingly. "If he

landing. His heart stood still. It wanted it!"His nostrils dilated

crash. the thing did not found He I can't find words—you? thank

slope. the takingTREASURES himselfwas by a miracle, it seemed, that hungrily. "Marta, how can I The broke. voice his because stopped roar He

of the engine died away and the "It's all right."Her weary

propeller whirled to a standstill. voice went on. "I'm only sorry

Surely this could not Mrs. be I You'll can't share you. it with

ill or OF Beardsley, else she or was forgive being a coward, me for something wrong. He recalled her won't you?"

graceful manipulation with pleasHe did not reply. Perhaps his TRUTH ure. He hurried in his eagerness tightening arms about her limp

to learn the truth, for the wing body was meant for an answer.

Covers that will last hid the pilot from view as he apHis face was the face of one in proached. But now he came around mortal agony.

a lifetime! the wing's tip and saw her. He "Marta, you know I apprecistopped, his lips parting increduate what you've done, don't you?

lously. That I love you for it?"

her out held She arms to him the dead tone of resignation was fuselage, the edge Gleaners! over"Marta!""Of course, Walter."There of the smilvoice. in her

Keep your record in a beauing crookedly. His face was white "Then will you understand

I can't accept that I tell you to I never tifully embossed superwith"Marta!"terror. His feet took him yourwhen gift? mean That

finished cover built for somehow to her, his arms crushed fly again?"\:t*-ALeu ueii—ncttu 1 1: in atdmcu *-.i-j jJCLiiietliCiicy T21i Hat*. ciaaa-1 her to him. "Marta—what—Hid cu.one hi

inquiry. material only goes into you—"I learned to fly, Walter, be- "But you did want to flv?"these covers. Two styles cause you liked it so—flying—and "Yes. I've wanted to fly. That's

lady pilots—"was Her mouth other return with behind. It may to choose from. against his. trembling Walter fleetingly. in a was springtimes, Once

muttering vehemently beneath his blue moon I'll wish I were an $1.25 breath, his face still white and aviator. It will be just a phase, for

twitching. "Get out of this on the whole I'm the happiest and

thing!"he commanded. He lifted most undeserving man on this

her gently. She crept against his green earth. Marta, as God is my

breast. rather I'd happy make you eseret News else or be anything "I feel so safe—- now,"she witness,than to on do

whispered. earth. And I think I've been failHe held her fiercely, his face a ing right famously here of late.THE 29 Richards Street mask of agony. They were silent To think that I've caused you to

Was. 550 Salt LakeCity, Utah a long while. When he spoke his risk your precious life to please me!

voice was husky. Marta!"He hid his face against "And you've been flying—her throat.

alone.""Well, sir,"she said a few min-

'Twice. Right over the farm. utes later, "if you refuse to accept W I wanted to fall on home ground my gift I guess I'll have to fly it

if I fell."back."

"But Marta, I thought you "Never! Not if it rots on the

Your Opportunity wereSheafraid?did notDidreply,youbutgetshudderedover it?"spot!the hideous,Marta, nightmarishyou'll neverfeelingknowI

EXCEL-CIS SCHOOL OF convulsively. had when I saw you in that plane, CULTURE BEAUTY it was you who had 221223 South West Temple 'You are afraid,"he accused. and realized

Salt Lake City, Utah "I'm a coward, Walter. I've made that ghastly landing. Never

efficient teachers most The again! so hard to become airminded convenitried Latest equipment, and every And Marta echoed heartily, of students. the ence for for sake. I advancement and courageous your

25% Reduction on Tuition wanted to fly with you, but I just "Never again. I might,"she conpaid on Commissions work after the can't. I'm terribly, sickeningly, tinued roguishly, "take up lipfourth month

Centers in 45 States disgustingly afraid! But I won't sticks if you insist, but I'm off flyFill in Coupon, for further information bind you to the earth any more."ing for life."

She raised her head, indicating the "Lipsticks?"

Name blue ship beside them. "It's yours,

Address if you want it."1HEY laughed togeth-

'Mime: er, and Walter had the grace to

The Improvement Era for August, 1932 639 blush. "Now that'll be enough

from you, Miss. Suppose you trot

to the house and phone Fowler field to return one flivver to the farm and fly one blue bird back to the field."

"With pleasure."

Walter watched her down the slope. When she was out of sight

behind the barn he turned to caress the long coveted machine. But

for only a moment. He walked

from it presently and did not look back. He dare not. He was mutSeminary Institute, Moscow, Idaho

tering, still only half convinced. ternity and of these three were Mormons At The University of"To think Marta doing that! Mormons.

Bless her! I'd rather make her hapof Idaho Four of the 8 highest honor students the in (girls) University than to fly topy JOSEPH heaven. Flying XILLARD WILDE, were Mormons.is a dangerous game."assistant professor of busiof out Three 8 of the most

He twitched his shoulders as if ness administration at the Uniresentative students were Morrep- they pricked, lifted his head as a versity of Idaho, Moscow, in an mons.

interview recently gave folout the Latterday Saint living in boysfaint zooming sounded far above. statistics lowing which be of may the Institute Building dormitory he turnedThen his face resolutely interest to readers of the Improvehave highest ranked the amongacross the stubble. "I'll Era: ment to have for segroups six consecutive men

get this stubble turned soon,"he Of the approximately 1,900 mesters, and second in intermural murmured, and was entirely unstudents of the University 85 beactivities.

to long Church. the Mormon In the past five years three ofconscious of the broken sigh that Six students were admitted to the studentbody presidents haveescaped him. the Phi Beta Kappa, national frabeen Mormons.

meansFRESH FULLSTRENGTH GASOLINE

Gasoline tends to evaporate very rapidly, and as it evaporates it loses many of the vital power elements that were refined into it. Avoid these losses

by using gasoline that reaches you fresh.

Pep 88 is made near your home and comes to your filling station fresh and fullstrength.

Manufactured and Guaranteed by OIL UTAH PEPThe Fresh, FullStrength88Gasoline REFINING COMPANY

"Reading maketh a full conference man; a ready man; and writing exact an man. And

therefore, tittle, write if a man he had a great need have little, memory; if he confer he had

if need have he read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know that he doth Bacon. (15611626) a greatnot."—Franciswit; and

A PLEA FOR TOLERANCE a City,'by Beatrice EC, Eckman. * * * "

"In very recent freelancing I my work, secured have sent in a clipping the from FRIEND A Times, Humbolt copies of practically every "teen"age and Church magazine *- California, Eureka, I from which quote: we "When in the country,and the far Era the is by most superior

a small in was Bill boy Kansas Hearst baiting the was Mormagazine in point general of appearance, illustrations, and * *mons. Winifred Black the writing * was up Mormons interest."

as terrible. something papers, It sold

heard the what a terrible thing Mormon,1 reckon.religion *was* *andI We're hoping others find the magazine interesting.

so on and so on. Since those 'dear, dam distracted days'

I have come in contact with a great many Mormons and I to say want I do not to you know of a more lawabiding and SOME OF THE AUTHORS IN THIS ISSUE generally people moral anywhere. are kindly They and

friendly and decent in every way. A fine example of the ALLOW us to present: Dr. E. G. Peterson, president of

Mormons is to be found in Vernon Strong, the popular ** Utah State Agricultural College, a son of pioneers on

Boy Scout Executive in Eureka. I have never known a riner both sides of the family, and a man who believes in America

chap anywhere."The foregoing is very fine, but this that Dr. Ray L. Davis, professor of botany, University of Idaho,

follows is southern too scout; good Glynn Bennion, of son branch—a

races pioneers, bad we isgetfinersuchandideasgoesofforpeopleMormonsof otheras well.faiths "Itand a lover of things the West western; and Cristel

than our own. Tolerance is a wonderful thing and it Hastings, a lady from California who spends the greater

invariably follows of understanding if original bias is not too part her time writing than for more two hundred magagreat to be overcome."zines; Dr. Walter P. Cottom, professor of botany University

of Utah, and a wellknown from St. George; Ruth Muirhead Berry,photographer—originallyof Provo, wife of Raymond A. Berry, a wellknown writer of westerns, and

KEEP SHOOTING herself a charming writer; Florence Hartmann Townsend,

of Texas, has a written who excellent of stories number that lovers\X7"E hope of photography ere have enjoyed for Improvement The Era; a Henry reporter A. Smith, on Dr. article Walter * y this P. Cottam's and photographs. staff the of the Deseret been has in News who at attendancePhotography art, a fine become may will if one study the June Conferences for years.

principles of composition and the qualities of light and shade exposure.and always develops Dr. Cottam negahis own

tives for the reason that he what quality knows in them i i i he is seeking. There is much'more to taking a good picture THE ERA "GOOD MEDICINE"

than merely pressing a release. Send in your photographs. pHE Mutual Improvement Eras arrived at a time when

A they were most helpful to me. I was seriously ill and

very depressed at that time, but the news contained in the Era "GOLD ON OUR DESERT ISLAND"just cheered me and led me to seek comfort at that Higher from which derive spiritual we strength."this interestingT title Albert sends TNDER Payson Terhune from George Hancock, M. London, England, to Source—Letter *-'little forth a encouragement in for authors "The Writer's Superintendent George Albert Smith.

Digest"for June. "I think it was Montaigne who said

ifthat ten cast were a desert men island on there would i i ialways of be one them if would grow who fat, even nine starve.should In other words, there are pickings always HE LIKES WAR

hasfor the man the wit and energy who to keep hunting on for my vote for Echo them. "The is truer, Canyon War."in think, I That was That the writing than /AST game

-i the statement else. italmost of Salt anywhere is truer a young visited Lake author today And than ever before."who

We break a rule to print that in order that we might the office soon after the July number came from the press.

throw out a bit of comfort to young writers ourselves, for "I think that is a remarkable poem for a lady like President we are tremendously interested in new writers, especially Ruth May Fox to write. Give all my votes to her, even

those of our own West. though the other material of the issue is interesting."We

complied with his request. How do you feel about it?

AN ANTHOLOGY OF VERSE i i i OUR ONLY VOTE IN WRITINGT)OETS of Utah may be interested in knowing that an for* effort "Greatness to in is soon first to publish choice; be made a representative "Get- f VOTE Men"as my

ting theanthology verse. of Most Utah Out of material Camping"has Some second; "Peace already been -* as my

gathered; other material will be assembled as quick'y as Pipe, Book of Mormon"as my third.

possible. This state has produced a number of poets who Among the poems I like "Echo Canyon War"best; "Night

are worthy to be remembered in a book of that sort. ComOn Timpanogos"second best.

petent editors will be engaged to assist in the sslection of Signed Earl Myron Maynard.

verse for the book.

You might turn to the review of "Sunlit Peaks,"an an- f i i thology of Idaho verse, in this issue. THEY KNOW

i 1 i TT7TLLIAM C. WESSELL, author of "A Hiking We Will SHE LIKED THE ERA W Go,"is an expert on the subject as is Genevieve W.

Granzen. of author "Be Your Life Guard."Own Mr. July Era is delightful!'THE I particularly like the cover is Wessell connected the with office national of Boy Scouts the illustrations A and and that Sea 'A lovely poem and America.

V..tsK0<rK0*X0rXs0rxJG<<&Vr

Quality AT A Quality Institution

all fully qualified high school graduates will be welcomed at the f/S usual / f m State's highest institution of learning. Former students and others are

>mr JKL also invited to register at Utah's oldest and largest educational institution.

The high quality of the work offered in over forty departments is well known, especially within the State. The scholarship standards, the entrance and graduation requirements are of such high standard that the credits and degrees obtained are fully

recognized and accepted anywhere in the University world.

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH presents a rich offering to those interested in quality work. Its curriculum is broader,

and is presented by the largest and best trained faculty in the region. Nearly two

hundred scholars who have attended over a hundred of the world's leading educational institutions constitute the faculty. Students who desire to obtain a broad or

professional education amid truly educational surroundings are invited to attend this outstanding institution.

Registration Dates

Freshmen must take the English and Psychological examinations September 21, and attend special instructional classes September 2224, held under the direction of the newly organized Lower Division, which will greatly assist entering students. Students with advanced standing register September 26. Regular class work for all

students begins September 27. Freshmen must send their high school credits and

applications for entrance to the Recorder's Office immediately.

Make Your Plans Now to Register

THE LOWER DIVISION SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

SCHOOL OF EDUCATION SCHOOL OF LAW

SCHOOL OF MINES AND ENGINEERING SCHOOL OF BUSINESS

GRADUATE WORK THE EXTENSION DIVISION

For catalog or information, address, The President,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY WHICH SHALL IT BE FOR YOU?

In 20 or 30 YEARS

From NOW You Too I Will Be OLD

"Mighty Tough""Easy Sailing"DON'T GROW OLD POOR.-.. PROVIDE A DEFINITE FUTURE

A small investment in Life Insurance at a time when the premium payments will scarcely be missed from a steady income, eliminates the possibility of want and distress in the autumn years of life.

Have a Beneficial representative explain the many attractive plans offered by

Vhe BIG HOME COMPANY

Get acquainted with Beneficial Contracts and you'll accept no other. The Beneficial is a leader in its field of operation

because the benefits are passed on to the policyholders—they share in the net earnings of the company, and because

there are so many outstanding features which are not found in other policies.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

directors SALT HOME OFFICE: LAKE CITY, UTAH directors

J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT, J. GEO. VICE PRESIDENT 2ND CANNON, E. T. RALPHS

A. IVINS, 1ST VICE W. PRESIDENT A. B. C. SECRETARY OHLSON, GENERAL"; wMANAGERAK1A F. JOS. SMITH F. B. GRANT

DAVID O. MCKAY

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY kAAMAAWVVVMVVWM/WWV\AAAA/MMVVVVVVVWWVVVWVVVVWW/V