....

J. yr. Lonhemnce

JUNE 1949 By continuing to increase their

store of knowledge long after

enjoying some cultural or religiousHow can they be their school days have ended, by influence each day, they can do much to get the most out of life.assured a full life?

And where can they best turn

for these enriching influences?

Consider this: The steady flow

of valuable KSL programs coming into your home is an excellent

source. Study your daily KSL

schedule, or let us add your name

to our mailing list for important

program announcements. You'll

find more than sixty hours each week of educational, cultural and

religious programs at your fingertips—on KSL.

1160 ON YOUR DIAL SALT LAKE CITY By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

P\r. L. F. Wiggins of the University for gay times..

of Birmingham, England, with his colleagues have worked out methods of sugar. nylon Also frommaking from time.. an antifreezesugar they have made

preparation called sodium levulinate, that are useful in reducingchemicals.. pressure, of the timehigh blood and drugs sulfa type.

isotopes at"Dadioactive made Oak any time's the * being are Ridge, Tennessee, now used for medical research in 229 institutions in the United States. right w. time for

Preliminary results indicate that copper sulfate when used as a dust or spray will check the cracking of fruit due to rains.

"D ullfrogs may lay as many as 30,000 eggs in one season.

A radar type device has been developed to enable a blind person to CHOCOLATE DROP detect obstacles ahead.

A new acidand-abrasivefree liquid which can remove the shine from clothing without injuring the fabric cloth fibershas been developed. The W CO K ITI to naturalare restored appearance by

a process similar to cold permanent Crisp and golden brown cookies with wave lotions. By chemical action the lots of smooth flavory chocolate drops

fibers are temporarily softened and by and real pecan meats mixed right in!

brushing are brought back into their You can see them. You can taste them...

original position. and you'll want to keep right on!

A sphalt makes a much better road Ah, yes—another secret! We use if five to ten percent rubber fresh creamery butter—generous quanpowder is added. The British Developtities—and lots of eggs. Nothing but the

ment Board reports that longer life, best ever goes into Town House Cookies better antiskid properties and resistby Purity!

ance to wear have been found in the rubberasphalt roads given a ten year trial in the Netherlands.

A new collapsible, disposable nursing bottle has been invented which requires no cleaning or sterilizThey're fresh at ing. Since the bottles collapse as the your grocer's.

milk is drawn by the baby, there is Look for the no air for the baby to swallow. blue and yellow

TOWN HOUSE "VTine of ten babies who have trouble package.

with the rh blood factor can now be saved by modern treatment Hear which includes replacement blood "Town House Melodies"transfusion, according to Dr. Louis KDYL 4:30 p.m. Sundays

K. Diamond. In replacement blood

transfusions all the baby's blood is drained and replaced with healthy PURITY BISCUIT CO. SAL! LAKE PHOENIX

blood.

JUNE 1949 353

(7Yme /llmprouemenflCr.: ] /949 THr VOICE OF THE CHURCH

MilI"Si?

NUMBER 6 A&

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover The Story of Two Boys George Albert Smith 365 June conference always brings into glorious culmination the activities

Church Features oftionstheandMutualinto stirringImprovementprospectusAssociathe possibilities for of activities the comto Mission Doyle L Green 370 Polynesia—Part HI

of cover, a montage year. This Service in 372 ing MJJV. C Josephson Marba

activities, indicates the several of Evidences First and Comes Reconciliations: CXXXTV—Which parfrom that joy the great comes Church or Home? John A* Widtsoe in speech 385 ticipation music, dancing,

Experience, S. Eugene Flake. 356 The Presiding Bishopric's Page. 394 when entered into with the right

The Church Moves On..357 Genealogy: Identification in Wales, spirit. The Tabernacle is the center

Departing Missionaries 358 David E. Gardner 396 for the general sessions at June conMelchizedek Priesthood...392 This Month with Church Publicaference.

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 393 tions 415 The cover is the work of Charles

Jacobsen from photographs by Hal

Special Features Rumel, Jeano Orlando, the Deseret

News.

Demonstration of Cooperation John D Giles 366

The Right Age to Marry—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 369 The Quest for Economic Security—Part V—The Church and

Modern Society, G. Homer Durham 373

Young Men and Women of the Church—Your Day is Now!—Part

if Wesley P* Lloyd 376 The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 381

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: Meals for the Multitudes NIGHT LETTER

Hunter...386—I, Mildred S. Harris, Bowers Jr 353 Lewis Rose By B. Corner, Josephine Cook's

Atlantic Pact, These Times—The Nichols 390 G. Durham Homer of the rain fingers typing Attitudes of 355 Religious Men, Noted Though

Experience, S. Eugene Flake 356 Leon M. Strong 405 Tap leafy keys all night,

On the Bookrack... 383 Your Page and Ours 416 It takes the sunshine to explain

The flowery message right!

Selectiveness Marba C, Josephson 384 Editors

George Albert Smith Stories, Poetry John A. Widtsoe

Dawn's Choice Algie Herbert Winn 375 ManagingRichard LEditorEvans

The Fort on the Firing Line—Part IX Albert R* Lyman 378 Assistant Managing Editor

Night Letter, Rose Lewis 354 Curtains On a Woman's Window, Doyle L. Green

Frontispiece: Farm Wife, Gene Christie Lund Coles 380 Associate Editor

Romolo 363 The Restoration, Charles A. LarMarba C. Josephson

Poetry Page 364 son 382 General Manager -K Elbert R. Curtis

Executive and Editorial Offices: Associate Manager

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Bertha S. Reeder

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Business Manager

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ John D. Giles

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Editorial Associates

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Elizabeth J. Moffitt

single copy. Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

City, Utah, Office, Entered Salt Post at the as secondclass Lake for mailing rate of provided matter. at special postage Acceptance for AdvertisingVerl F. ScottDirector

in section July authorized 1918. 1917, of October 2, 1103, Act

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE ATLANTIC PACT

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM terms. The treaty reaffirms the Charter

Head of Political Science Department, of the United Nations in the preamble,

University of Utah in Articles I, IV, VII, and XII. Article VII specifically states:

A few weeks ago the Department of

State of the United States of notThisbe interpretedTreaty doesas affecting,not affect,in andany way,shall

America released a statement, opening the rights and obligations under the Charwith the cryptic words: ter of the Parties which are members of

reor the Nations, the United primary conversations begun The in Washington of the Security for the Council in the summer of 1948 representasponsibility among tives of of the governments Belgium, Canmaintenancesecurity. of international peace and ada, the France, Netherlands, Luxembourg,

the United Kingdom, and the United

States have resulted in agreement on the Article V also respects the prerogaspecific terms of a treaty providing for a tives of the Security Council of the

Nations, in Article as stated collective security arrangement among naUnited 51 WITH THE AMAZING tions of the Atlantic area. North the of the Charter in invoking (UN),

pact. Some critics say

April Monday, 4, all thisOn to amounts is WINKLER IP nations, 1949, twelve "lip service"to the *Low Pressure UN.

through their plenipotenTo deal with the pact as tiaries, signed the treaty. a purely legal document, OIL Years aheadBURNERin design, the order In alphabetical this quoting article or

they are: Belgium, Canthat, ignores the basic Winklerthe highLP* heatingis the remedycosts offor

ada, Denmark, France, political circumstances conventional oil burners.

Iceland, Italy, Luxemand the events of recent bourg, Netherlands,Norhistory. Only the future

way, Portugal, United Kingdom, and will reveal the outlines of these politithe United States of America. cal circumstances in fulness and clarity

The treaty now has to be ratified by of vision. For the moment, at least, the

the United States Senate and by the government of the United States and parliaments of Belgium, Canada, those responsible for its direction,

France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, chose to move in this direction.

the United Kingdom—the original

sponsors of the treaty. Ratification by "V17HAT circumstances and events

the American Senate seems assured but seemed to prompt this choice? In

its implementation by an appropriation general, "the cold war,"including the for military "lendlease"appears somefollowing elements (from the U. S.

what in doubt at this writing. Howpoint of view)

ever, American "willingness to organ- 1. The breakdown, or rather the The Winkler LP* Oil Burner is a moneyize with its "European neighborhood"failure to arrive at any postwar agreemaking investment in carefree, economiseems apparent. ment with the Russians cal heating. It is the latest development

in low pressure burner designassuring threat 2. The nature and to the complete oil atomization and premixing

of international community air. ofrpHE pact has a long history in the Atlantic

and communism the expansion of

If Its future the past. bearing your on present burner is larger than a territorial is Soviet jurisdiction, directly,

1 gallon unit, per hour that thefateful. the assumption Granted chances are or of Communistcontrolled by means that you are throwing to away in great the intervention from 30%American

governments of your in heat wasteful 50% overfiring 193945 of 19141918 was andwars

. 3... inability of the British simply The govthe because is burner overinto taking account policy,correct and sized to prevent to service full trouble. maintain ernment at its strength,

this experithat learned from what we traditional worldwide seapower conto Ask see the Winkler LP* burn crude is aggression condiscourage to byence oil, trol system, representing crankcase legal drainings, oils, and heavy light it forcefronting overwhelming and with oils, oils. catalytic political traditions Winkler to challenges which Americans force, Atlantic the todetermination use other any to burner pass tests. these are accustomed

is those logically sound.treaty To You'll see the why Winkler will LP* give 4. in announcement The March that theidealists United better, hoped safer, you who more economical heatNations would provide a successful, 1947, respecting Greece and Turkey, ing.

"The Doctrine"Truman in of security of collectivegeneral means ELBERT R. CURTIS A. RAY CURTIS 5. implementing The the pact world, is a matof the Trumanan undivided

ter ranging from chagrin to distaste. Doctrine in western Europe by means

the Plan, Marshall official of in an now Soviet governmentThe ECA to the sponsors, 6. Marchmemorandum refusal, latterly, of The the Rus- A. Ray Curtis Co.

31, 1949, charged that the treaty is agsians and their satellites, to cooperate Distributors gressive and aimed at the U.S.S.R., in European recovery, and their estabthat it violates the aims and principles lishment of the "Cominform"as an 2205 Highland Drive

of the Charter of the United Nations. antidote to the ERP Salt Lake City

7. The formation of "Western or

Tt is wholly unrealistic to view the Union"in March 1948, a military alSee Your Local Dealer

North Atlantic Treaty in legalistic (Conctuded on page 414)

JUNE 1949 355 YOU CAN FLY BY CLIPPER Experience

3. (L*tiaene -jrlake &

Tall, silent Navajos, more sober today than usual, stood like statues by the low fence which surrounds the red stone wall of the

Fort Defiance Government Hospital.

There was no word of greeting as PRICELESS I approached. Their tenseness

to increase until I inquired WHEN YOU NEED IT seemed

There is no substitute for insurance... of Marshall Begay, "How are you?"

it, will it? you need you when and have. His answer came in two short.. costly losses Don't with take chances

ensure and be sure! Your local Kolob Agent words, "She's dead."I gathered

is specialist an insurance frequently insurance.. needs. consultchange.him him into my arms as he relaxed and ROUND as your

Let our agent help you choose the insurance wept, wetting my shoulder with plan best suited to your individual needs. his tears. His aged father of seINSURANCE AGENCY A GENERAL

all types of.. representdate, dignified bearing with noble THE WORLD Insurance. writing

companies. stock strong ing personpleasing Prompt claim countenance and

settlement.

Salisbury, Mgr. Frank that Only Pan American flies to to me, seeing ality, a stranger

someone had come who was a friend all six continents... to 61

to his son, and shared their grief, countries and colonies. So,

was noticeably moved. wherever you want to go, it's

Ruth Sherman Begay was the likely that Clippers can fly you faithful wife of Marshall, and the there directly... with a single

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City devoted mother of seven brightticket and a single set of bag- * eyed, beautiful children. The gage checks.

youngest, Michael Larry, "Mickey,"You may fly abroad by one will be two years old November Clipper route, return by anwritten 19th. Ruth had me just still get important the other—and tellthe hospital night before from roundtrip savings!

ing of her condition. Among other

things she said, "Please do me a real For information on flights, favor. Please see that my little chilfares and reservations, call your

dren are cared for; I am worried Travel Agent or the nearest

about my little Mickey."Pan American office.

That appeal will be with me to my last day. Pan American* Trade Mark.Airways, Inc.

Mother love is the nearest approach we have to the pure love of the Son of God, who said, "Feed Pan America my sheep;""Feed my lambs."The World Airways

duties of this life require that we WORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE do look after one another's needs, spiritual and physical. Has the

Prices Begin at $2,850.00 Master not said, "Inasmuch as ye PROFITABLE DAYS

JUNE M.I.A. haveof thesedonemyitbrethren,unto oneyeofhavethe doneleast AHEAD FOR

Conference Visitors: it unto me?"(Matt. 25:40.) Again, "And whosoever shall give to drink QUISH

See It! unto one of these little ones a cup GRADUATES

Capitalize on QUISH Hear It! of cold water only in the name of training You'll now!

I beautician disciple, verily say you, he competent when unto a graduated. proQUISH % PLAY IT! be a

shall his lose reward."wise in no technical with vides you AT

(Matt. 10:42.) skillin 24andyears.knowledgeSENDgainedFOR

TODAY1 CATALOG Sister were FREE Brother Begay and

OF SCHOOL the into $i>g&rsora s baptized Church January 259 South State Street 24, 1948, in the font of the SnowBERUW331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN

Salt Lake City flake chapel.

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON *&.

(Lventd t *Jjau Jo <:Jjau Lnronowau yjf Church

APRIL 1949 lightsthe figuresat theeach"ThisnightIs theto PlacealmostMonument"daylight brilliance.which will light

President George Albert Smith broke the ground It was announced that cards would soon go out to the 1 for the new Primary Children's Hospital on a tract ward organizations of the Primary Association in the of land in the northeast portion of Salt Lake City. The "Dimes for Bricks"plan to help build the Children's Hosstructure begun now will be a seventy bed "daylight"unit. pital. The dimes are to be given voluntarily, and the drive

At the Primary conference, which was held April 1 and 2, is to be given special attention during the month of June.

with charged theElder Primary Kimball Spencer W. the 9 Q The receipt of the microfilms of some 80,390 pages children. Indianresponsibility the of the carrying gospel to

of Protestant records of the seventeen Vaudois par- 5 The one hundred nineteenth annual general conferishes in Italy is announced by the Genealogical Society.

ence of the Church convened at the Tabernacle in The records, photographed last fall (see "Vaudois Records

Salt Lake City. Sessions were held April 3, 4, and 6. PresMicrofilmed,"the Era for December 1948, page 790), have

ident George Albert Smith had returned from a two been delayed in Basel, Switzerland, for processing.

months'convalescence in southern California to preside at Harold H. Jenson, speaking before the Los Angeles

the general conference. President George F. Richards of group of the Sons of the Utah Pioneers, called for a rethe Council of the Twelve was at home after a several enactment of the trek of the Mormon Battalion some time

weeks'stay at the hospital; Elder Albert E. Bowen was this year or early in 1950, as part of the California centenin attendance at the conference sessions, but on the advice nials now in progress. The trek, which would follow the

of his physician, did not speak; Elder Matthew Cowley route taken by the Mormon Battalion in 184647, would

was in the islands of the Pacific, attending to his duties as be similar to the trek from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City, president of the Pacific Mission; and Elder Alma Sonne, planned and completed by the S.U.P. in 1947.

assistant to the Council of the Twelve, was in Europe presiding over the missions there. 9 7 The appointment of Chester W. Hill as director of

The Sunday School centennial conference featured the the bureau of information and as organist at the five hundred voice youth chorus made up of Sunday School Washington, D.C., chapel was announced. He succeeds

students from the Salt Lake Valley wards. At this sesWade N. Stevens, who has returned to Utah, after comsion a box which was sealed by Sunday School officers at pleting a medical course in the nation's capitol.

the golden jubilee fifty years ago, for this purpose, was special Tabernacle choir and organ radio programopened. It was found to contain greetings from the Sunday 90 A

School authorities and copies of lesson aids of that day. was transcribed in Salt Lake City, for use over

Radio Stuttgart on June 5, to mark the fourth anniversary

Ej At a special welfare meeting in the Tabernacle, the of the biweekly Tabernacle radio programs over that staChurch welfare program was declared to be a permation, which anniversary occurs June 3. Mayor Earl J.

nent part of the program of the Church. Glade of Salt Lake City, a former missionary to Germany,

did the radio announcing in German.

ft The financial report read by President }. Reuben An Associated Press dispatch from London quoted

Clark, Jr., advised that the total cash budget expendithe Soviet news agency Tass as saying: "American

tures for the year 1948 amounted to $15,467,080; that there agents acting under guise of 'Mormon priests'are spying

were 32,779 persons assisted by the Church welfare proin Finland."Quickly came the Church reply:

gram in 1948 in stakes, and an additional 17,000 assisted throughout the world by Church welfare shipments. The First Presidency states that these missionaries, as are all

In a statistical report, read by Joseph W. Anderson, other missionaries of the L.D.S. Church, are instructed to take

clerk of the conference, the Church membership was anno part whatever in local politics, even avoiding the discussion nounced as 1,041,970. Stakes number 172; wards, 1313; thereof, and that the missionaries are to engage only in regular

missions, 42. Birth rate a thousand was calculated at 38.95; missionary work, disseminating the principles of the restored

marriage rate, 10.02; and death rate, 6.37. Fulltime misgospel.

sionaries number 4,759; and stake missionaries, 3,836;

making a total missionary force of 8,595. MAY 1949

I 7 President David O. McKay dedicated the Long

Beach Ward chapel, Long Beach Stake, California. 1 The L.D.S. hospital at Mt. Pleasant, Utah, was dediElder Spencer W. Kimball dedicated the Maywood cated by Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the Presiding

Ward chapel, South Los Angeles Stake, California. Bishopric.

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards dedicated the Sum- 9 ft The First Presidency announced the appointment of mit Ward chapel, Parowan Stake, and the Scipio Ward

Frank J. Fullmer as president of the Tahitian Mischapel, Millard Stake.

sion, succeeding President Edgar B. Mitchell. This is the South Bear River Stake, 173rd stake of the Church,

third mission to Tahiti for President Fullmer, he having was organized from parts of Bear River Stake in Box Elder served in the islands from 190307, and as mission president County, Utah. Clifton G. M. Kerr, formerly second counfrom 190811, Currently he is the contractor of the chapel selor of Bear River Stake, was sustained as president of

now under construction in Tahiti. (See cover of the May South Bear River Stake, which has its headquarters at

Era.) Tremonton. President Robert J. Potter continues as presiJohn D. Giles, executive secretarytreasurer of the dent of the Bear River Stake, with headquarters at Garland.

monument commission, announced plans to instal flood- {Concluded on page 360)

JUNE 1949 357 MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Sixth row: Wayne B. Hale, John Reed Call, Darwin H. Davis, Jr., Garth H. Wright, Derrell G. Hill,

FEBRUARY 14, AND DEPARTING FEBRUARY 23, 1949 Boyd Christensen, Boyd Clifton Harper, Donald Arlow L. Freestone.

Heiner Boyce, Elmer H. Ericson, George A. Horton, Twelfth row: Keith R. Gamer, Keith T. Borup,

Reading from left to right, first row: Keith BenJr., Herb T. Van Noy, Miriam Lee. Gloyd R. Stanton, Charles E. Bennett, Donald B.

dixen, Carl S. Bodily, Shirley Abbott, Marian Beales, Seventh row: Logan W. Barnard, Albert R. Potter, Denney, Gerald Larsen, Wayne Leavitt.

Don B. Colton, director; Velta Rogers, Colleen WalkEdward H. Haggen, Robert E. Griffin, Donald G. Thirteenth row: Lynn Lofgran, Fred Chase, Helen

er, Marjorie Golder, Adele Douglas. Millett, Carl Dixon Anderson, William Kent Waddell, Becraft, Geraldine White, Douglas Taylor, J. Earl

Second row: Albert E. Fitzpatrick, Martha R. L. Delma Tuttle, Norman E. Lundell. McArthur, Guy W. Hinckley.

Fitzpatrick, Wayne D. Bosworth, Betty Y. Matheson, Eighth row: Duaine T. Erickson, Newell K. Rymer, Fourteenth row: Gordon F. Sanderson, Reed ChanJaneth A. Evans, Irene J. Barr, Loree Brown, Hazel Samuel Darrell Handy, Marvin D. Follett, Fahn nell, Floyd Sweeten, Carlo M. Perkins, Dewey L.

Rasmussen, Hazel McLean, Oliver McLean. Shippcn, Leo Vance, Burt H. Oliphant, Clifford Clark, Mangum, Ralph L. Hawkins.

Ell Third J. row: Chase, T. A. Hyde, Jesse Alan Stanley Yancey, Dee Haslam, Elden H. David Mecham, J. StringFifteenth row: H. Winn, Murray Zan

Hall, L.A. K. Jr. Keith Mortensen, Myron Bowen, Ken- B. Whitworth, Tolman, ham, Raymond Don Max

Farby, F.neth R. Russell GroesOldham, Edwards, A. row: Hugh Lynn Robert Clyde C. Ninth Smoot, Curtis, Craner, Blaine Dale McKinlay, O. F.Harward W.

J. Reeder. Barnes, M. Merrill Davis,Dawn beck, Langford, Nola Gene Keller. James Fourth P. row: J. Barnes, Marvin B. Davis. Thornason, Bardsley, Rex Kent Heber

Stapley, Sixteenth Harry row: O. Glenn Mc- W. L.William D. Dutson, Gale Bowen, Thompson, row: Gerwin Sherman Robert McLaws, Tenth M.

S. Bywater, Hatch, Milton Farr Elmer Swain, Robert B. OrvilleHeath, Petersen, Vilda Merrill, Arlan Naegle, Verla Tolman, Waters, EdEdward Wanda Mae

J. Jr., Russell, P. Earl Thorn, Richard D. Moench,ward Tolman, Smith Wilson, Mills, E. Jay Crandall, C. Byron Winterton, James Palmer. Robert Vernon

L. Arington. P. Pyper, Lewis Robert Fifth row: Richard J. Benson Hyer, Valda Chapman. Massey,

David Roskelley, Robert S. Anderson, Delores H. Eleventh row: Gordon K. Theurer, Joseph Dean Seventeenth row: Bennie L. Olsen, R. H. Magleby,

Knight, Pauline Hanks, Afton Rigtrup, Jorgen P. Rickenbach, Jacob Morris Dastrup, Olena Marie Gilbert L. Phillips, U. Dean Simmons, Jack W. WilOlsen, Joyce Bohi, Edna Allen, Neil! C. Jensen. Wood, Donna Sorenson, Robert H. Powell, Duncan son, Ortho Fairbanks, Marvin Bushman.

DEPARTING MISSIONARIES—February, March

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Fourth row: Junius Gibbons, Edith M. Gibbons, Richard LeVon Church, Robert Thomas Martin, KenMARCH 7, AND DEPARTING MARCH 16, 1949 Owen Delos Barton, Marlain H. Burnett, Val J. neth F. Godfrey, Clayton R. Hurst, Mack J. Bowen,

Hancock, Horace J. Vause, Manon L. Smith, Phillip Louis W. Jensen.

B. J. Belle Hinton. Merlin H. Thayne, row: Green, Manning, Reeve, Ralph Ninth Dale Dean Anna left right, first to Reading from row: Gloria

J. Stosich, Bryson, Fifth Harris, John Duain row: K. Robert William Asay, Heaps, Joseph Dix NewellAntiveras, Elden Beagley, Boyd Cheney, Dean Wayne

Okelberry, S. L. E. Richards, Tanner, R. Elden Rolf Anderson, Simmons, Serge. Horace Vernal John Dean B.Leah A. Gibson, Colton, director; Don George

Griffin. L. Seastrand, Beits, K. Carl Marie JamesJones, L. Leland Steiner, Dale Ardella Bettinger, Darold Jex, row: H. Chambers, Robert Carol Tenth

J. F. Pearce, Sixth DeLeeuw, Marion row: MaxMcGavia. Sorensen, T. Joseph Swaner, Beth Nalon Gene Han-

E. D. Bishop, Jordan, PatRichard Allan G. Alfred T. Clair son, Earl Lee Maxwell Decker, Shumway, row: Second Verlan Corbridge, Mervin R. W. J. Jr., D. Tate, Stanley Nuffer, Charles terson, J. Lewis. Wilcox, BeasonBrewer, Berrett, A. Don Elmer O. Baumgart, Alan L. T. Atkin, Solomon, C. BramGrover Val WaynePeck, F. Bingham, J. Don row: Alene Eleventh Pearson, Edwards, C. Martin Dale EskelNalder, Warren all.

son. L. V. Welding, Norma P. Smith, Bruce Viehweg, Wilding. G. Gene Dean Thomas G. Almond, Clair Olsen, Larsen, Bernard row: James Seventh

ft. P. Blaine Malan, H. Ben Anderson, John SomThird row: Alice S. A. Musser, Phelps, Lewis, Wright, Harris, Y. Musser, Roscoe lone Leah Reed

E. Bergener. Kenneth mons, L. T.Edwin Higham, J. Joel Tausilinuu K. Cook, D. Smith. Bryce Clyde Cook, Hannamann, Robert K. Passey, Lowell S. MacKay, A. Eighth row: Noryal R. Whitehead, George H. Twelfth row: Melvin Boyd Atwood, Lloyd J. Carry,

Neale Zwahlen. Stott, Gilbert M. Stevenson, Aldus D. Chappell, William C. Marz.

Feel that "Mid Ship"Ride! You

travel between the wheels in the low centersection of Ford's "Lifeguard"Body.., you get a true

roadhugging "feel"that's sure and steady—even in a cross wind!

Feel those "SofaWide"Seats!

Front and rear, they're designFeel that "EquaPoise"Power ed and built for livingroom you get from the new I OO h. p.

comfort.. and they provide V-8 or the new 95 h. p. Six!

plenty of hipand shoulder room And remember there's up to for six big people! lake the wheel IO% more gas economy.

...try the new

Feel those "Magic Action"Fritter Brakes! They're KingSize and Feel those "HydraCoil"Springs!

You seem to float across the 35% easier to apply. "Magic

Action"uses part the car's of the bumps! And new Ford

assist. to own momentum "ParaFlex"Springs Rear give Feel the ease of handling... in traffic,

a soft, level, i earseat ride! in parking, on the open road,. the

sense of control you get from Finger- Q

Tip Steering.. the response of the

Feel that heavygauge steel in feel engines. Ford that the new You

Ford's "Lifeguard"and Body is car a part drive of you you when fenders. That and new body '49 the Ford!

in frame combination is 59% more rigid!

Come in today and take the wheel"

White side wall tires, optional at extra cost.

JUNE 1949 359 The Church Moves On Just the Tractor 9 President(ConcludedGeorgefrom pageAlbert357) Smith

veteran year award by Dr. Ray O. You've Been Wanting was awarded a special thirtynational director of relationWyland,

ships of the Boy Scouts of America at a meeting of the Salt Lake Council executive board. Similarly honored

were Malcolm A. Keyser and William

R. Wallace.

Q The first shipment of genealogical microfilms from Finland arrived in Salt Lake City. The shipment

contained 186,925 exposures (about 400,000 pages) of parish registers at

Abo, Finland.

A Will B. Gillespie was appointed

to the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

Mrs. Nellie Ward Neal was appointed a member of the general board

of the Relief Society.

K Hardwoods from throughout the world were requested from the various missions by the Deseret Sunday School Union, to build an appropriate box to hold Sunday School treasures which will be opened by the general Sunday School officers in 1999.

A request was made of the missions to sending the wood that each slab be tailored V wellvarnished.seasoned, but unpainted and unCrops Council of the dedicated Twelve Truck Q Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the q the Howell, Utah, chapel of the Ward

Bear River Stake.

Big Cottonwood Ward, Big Cottonwood Stake, was formed from portions of the Cottonwood Ward, in southHere's a highstepping tractor with all the "get up and eastern Salt Lake Valley. James E.

go"that you expect from a Case. This Model "VAH"has Faust was sustained as the first bishop

of the ward.

nearly 27 inches of crop clearance at the middle, more than 30 inches under rear axle housing. Inside clearance between bot- 1 9 The First Presidency announced

toms of bullgear cases is over 50 inches. It's cut to measure the appointment of Thomas W.

not only for tillage but for dusting and spraying of tallGardner as president of the North growing truck crops. California Mission. He succeeds PresRear wheel tread adjusts from 60 to 88 inches, front wheels identpresidedGermanover E.theEllsworthmission sincewho hasits

to correspond. You can work any width of row from 72 down creation in January 1942. President

to 18 inches before you need to leave blank rows. You can Gardner served in the British Mission

work over beds 17 inches high and clear out to the tires—from 1910 to 1912. He is a former

higher beds up to four feet wide. member of the Salt Lake City ThirtyLike all Case tractors, the "VAH"has a heavyduty Casethird Ward bishopric, and for thirteen

years he served as branch president built engine that develops full power at moderate piston speed, at Grand Junction, Colorado, and for pulls still stronger when slowed down. Ask your dealer for three years as president of the Westfull information about the "VAH."ern Colorado District, Western States

Send for latest catalog. Mission. At the time of his appointMention size and type of ment as mission president his home was

tractor to fit your farming—in Salt Lake Gardand Sister City. He

also anything in you need will a daughter, ner Marion, and go to* implements or farm machines. J. I. Case Co., Dept. San Francisco where he will direct the

F-44, Racine, Wi. mission beginning in June.

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

OVERSEAS 30 MILLION KIDS

You can help! Here's how you can send

them Swan Soap through CARE—at no cost to you

LEVER BROTHERS COMPANY WILL SEND A REGULAR CAKE OF SWAN OVERSEAS

FOR EVERY TWO SWAN WRAPPERS YOU SEND IN!

Next to food, one of the scarcest and most desperately needed things in Europe today is soap. BOB HOPE says: "This is a wonderful idea. I hope

The health of babies and little children is eneverybody takes full advantage of this opportunity dangered by lack of soap. As you know, cleanlito help the kids overseas get the soap they need."

ness helps prevent disease. Nothing combats

dirt like soap.

Give those poor kids in Europe a break! Lever Brothers Company will then send

1 cake for every 2 wrappers—to CARE,Send lots of wrappers! For every 2 Swan Swan—

wrappers, we will send a regular size cake of the great, nonprofit, governmentapproved orSwan to some kid over there. The soap will be ganization which delivers CARE Packages to

turned over to Church World Service, the Prothe needy in Europe. CARE and Church World

testant and Orthodox International Relief Service guarantee delivery. *-.

Agency. Your cakes of Swan for needy kids cost

only the tiny chore of sendingHere's all you do: of you cakes Buy 2 or more

wrappers. Send 'em in today.Swan Buy a dozen the soap,! Keep and NOW! in You'llyour Swanhelp IIP

mail in the wrappers. Just fill out the coupon millions overseas get a better break! So get

below and mail it and your Swan wrappers. some Swan. It's the best soap afloat.

—TEAR OUT AND SEND IN WITH SWAN WRAPPERS - PURE MILD Church World Service, CARE Soop Campaign, Boston 3, Mass.

I want to send... cakes ofSWAN to the needy children overseas. Enclosed are... SWAN wrappers. (One regular size cake of SWAN will

be sent for every 2 wrappers received.) SWAN

the best soap afloat CONTRIBUTED BY

Another fine product of Lever Brothers STREET

Company, Makers of Lux and Rinso CITY..STATE.

All wrappers must be mailed before August 1, 1949

JUNE 1949 361 How George and Jean won *2,000 college scholarships

These two young Westerners, Jean Hathaway of Chico,

California, and George Emde, Jr. of Lodi, California,

will begin college next fall with the help of $2,000 scholarships awarded by Standard of California.

They were chosen as outstanding among 4-H Club and Future Farmers of America members who raised and showed their own livestock at the recent Grand

National Junior Livestock Exposition in San Francisco.

Four other scholarships of $1,000 each were also awarded—to Mary Lee Hay of Lovelock, Nevada; Robert

Young of Quincy, California; Ralph Boyd of Lancaster,

California; and James Buell of Buellton, California.

Scholastic ability, leadership, personality, records in club projects were all considered by 4-H Club and

F. F. A. judges.

We'd like to say "Good Luck!"to George,Jean, Mary,

Robert, Ralph and James. We know they'll do a fine

job in school... and later as good citizens of the West.

Standard Oil Company of California

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph from Hobart of Monkmeger

Farm Wife

(A Portrait)

ISu Liene IKomolo

he stands beside broad fields of billowing grain,S,

Alert as one who listens to the sound

Of longawaited steps or a refrain

From some rare melody. The fruitful ground

Beneath her feet is hers and her good man's For fuller seeding year by year. Her face,

A heritage Godgiven to the race: Untouched by art of superficial taint,

Acres to plow and sow each spring with plans Wears on the cheeks and lips health's ruddy bloom,

And time has not etched there lines of complaint

Or discontent. This farm wife has no room

In her abundant life for trivial things,

For she has reaped the strength soul culture brings.

JUNE 1949 363 WHEN SUMMER'S FIRST THINGS I LOVE SONG FOR MY FATHER

COME IN By Josephine Mclntire By Anobel Armour

Mildred Tenney By Handy simplicity tree father's was wisdom to see a willow love

I child could small In filmy dress, brown any Maytime MY Which aHPhere's murmur deep down -* In the warm, supple earth Swaying before the amorous wind's understand, thick with woodlands walked For we its air; Caress; pungent, in the rootaromaAnd

trees to of her I love hear the swish papaw are flowering color clumps ofThere smell of thawspringtime garments the learned Long the lawn on Or hills the sunsoakedOn feathered sing to choristers land, Where wet fairyfingered breezesAnd lately twig dawn; where blossoms The from a OrEverywhere.

stoodThere's the interminable cicada's daffodils apples I love that to see the nubbin the green way Watched din, steadyHeady, in All standing a row grow, of nature a beckoningAnd little soldiers marching in winter Like the wind out to meet Or running trails begin. woodlandWhere of snow. hexagons with crystalstarred The Were

their hearts are stout loyal I think snow:There's responding a deep down

all, loving, one happiand taught And in he hand locked me Hand veinsIn the of men spring's voice, to and heed glad hear And ness in! summer's first comeWhen call; of duty, Her simple too, joy the me, taught And

Shaping securely my small hemisphere

I love the reckless prairie wind So that, today, grown tall, I walk with

LOST JUNE That sweeps across the moor beauty

And rolls the tumbleweed against And have a heritage of song for things

Georgia Moore Eberling The door, Whose loveliness each lovely season

And giggles as it follows prim brings!

["like to think that somewhere there's a Old ladies to their teas, place And blows their petticoats about OBEDIENCE

Beyond the rim of earth and sky in space Their knees!

Where all the roses of lost Junes are bloomBy Opal Winstead ing, LOVE MULTIPLIED love walks in the garden of our heatWhere nor drouth nor sullen cloud's By Wanda Warren Land Whenhearts, glooming gray or hope, goodness, of seed tiny Each butterfly touch the onCan Ann's Queen firstborn, small, pink, with my When prayer lace.

face, wrinkled imparts, mind purpose to Thrills the mighty circle in of the nestled arm, Lay my blessed and put for him blooms who there And spot beyond is a our day filled him, the Love, born with empty up it there. all fruit ghosts find of orchardsWhereI hope space

their May, it heart tingly warm. and Within made my fragrant, purple shaded bowers, manyWith FEAR OF

Where wild plum waves her fragile misty Again a baby's fingers clutched at mine flowers, A girl, who when she came, b-rought love By Edna Hamilton lilac tosses her high bouquet.And mauve along. child, is lonely a Fear line swelling heart no dividing knew My full despair; of heart Her is fleet. delicateEarth's springtime too and the two, joy and Between was in my song. malice of a cloak wears She mortal senses scarcely sweet, grasp theOur

hair. thistles in her And persists, miracle Another hours, before the summer'sGlad yellow son—the

shawl And tenderly my heart is opened wide.

bed sleeps on a hard wise God! Where need for love SheDrapes field and plain in golden tints, and Oh, great,

her breast, to hate hugged With exists fall sister, Hope, dislikes herDefies pale winter with his winding sheet. How wonderful, to have it multiplied. She

best! the I like But Hope

It may be that the soul, newwinged and SPRING CLEARANCE; free, DORMANT SEASON

sight some haven of eternal spring, By Lucretia Penny May By Frances Hall see and It is the outpost of eternity. TJTer purpose was—or so she'd always

* * say Thought is a lovely tree

To clean her attic thoroughly in May From which the words drop silently

And rid her place of that expanding heap Like useless leaves, windblown and dry,

TRAILS Of things that she no longer cared to keep. That drift down meadows of the mind

By Anna Prince Redd AllShe'dhousessay. needThentheirpickingbonfireup insomethe unusedspring, TillAgainstcleana darklucentboughssky. are left defined

thing T TiGHWAYS are such urgent things! She'd wipe away the long year's gathered Thought is a lovely tree

"* They race straight on, dust From gusty sibilance set free;

As swift as planes with silver wings And hunt for moth or warp or any touch It stands in stillness like calm snow,

That crash the dawn! of rust. Unanxious for noisy leaves to grow.

She'd unroll calendars, scrutinize old kettles, love trails that about windMy feet CHARACTER cling; lichens waterfalls Test and a strawflower's stiff, determined petals,Where

Where I can wander in and out Shake out the gloves she wore By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys '84 old of sheBetween trees, abandoning When was married—June 'T'he whining wind of adversity buttermold dreams. timesmoothedMyself to wood of Touch

A child again in fairyland, and tray, * Squalled around his knees,

I cup cool water in my hand Touch all she'd stored and put it back and But he strode on, strode swiftly,

And hear the plash of streams say For in his hand were keys

As speckled trout dart by With light defiance, "It's not eating anyTo open wide his treasure house

And winds meander treetop high: thing. Where he had weapons stored

Pleasures I have time to heed Let the bonfire wait. There'll be another Of courage, love, and laughter

And hold against a greater need. spring."To use as shield and sword.

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOY: A STORY OF TWO

5<a j-reiident Ljeorae Aftbert J>fnltk

number of years ago I went They removed the sheet, and he knelt on into the.ACounty Hospital in Salt Lake City the operating table, bowed his head and said,

for the purpose of administering to the sick. "Heavenly Father, I am only an orphan boy.

Lying on a bed was a boy nine years old, a I am awful sick. Won't you please make me

charity patient of whom I had heard. He was well? Bless these men who are going to opemaciated, and had pneumonia, among other erate that they will do it right. If you will

things. I said, "Lawrence, do you feel very make me well, I will try to grow up to be a

sick?"He answered, "Yes."I said, "Have you good man. Thank you, Heavenly Father, for

suffered much pain?""Awful pain,"he remaking me well."

plied. I said, "Have you asked the Lord to When he got through praying, he lay

take the pain away?"The little fellow looked down. The doctors'and the nurses'eyes

up in amazement and said, "I don't know filled with tears. Then he said, "I am ready."

how."The operation was performed. The little

He had never been taught to pray. He had fellow was taken back to his room, and in a

never been taught that there is a power few days they took him from the hospital, greater than man's power. I explained to him well on the way to complete recovery.

that he could ask the Lord to bless him. Then Some days after that, a man who had heard we asked the Lord to bless him.

office to the incident of the of of went one this question: myself I asked many "How

said, the surgeons, "Tell the about and me wife, there are husband and where homes father and mother, understand the gospel? operation you performed a few days ago—the

How many children growing up in those operation on a little boy."

homes do not know how to pray?"The surgeon said, "I have operated on sev-

A few days after that, I heard of another eral little boys."

nineyear-old boy, an orphan, who was hurThe man added, "This little boy wanted ried off to the hospital, where examination someone to pray for him."

indicated that he had to be operated upon The doctor said very seriously, "There was without delay. He had been living with such a case, but I don't know but that it is

friends who had given him a home. His fatoo sacred a thing for me to talk about."

ther and mother (when they were alive) had The man said, "Doctor, if you will tell me, taught him to pray; thus, when he came to I will treat it with respect; I would like to

the hospital, the thing he wanted was to have hear it."

the Lord help him. Then the doctor told the story about as I

The doctors had decided to hold a conhave retold it here, and added: "I have opersultation. When he was wheeled into the ated on hundreds of people, men and women

operating room, he looked around and saw who thought they had faith to be healed; but

the nurses and the doctors who had connever until I stood over that little boy have sulted on his case. He knew that it was I felt the presence of God as I felt it then.

serious, and he said to one of them, as they That boy opened the windows of heaven and were preparing to give him the anesthetic: talked to his Heavenly Father as one would

"Doctor, before you begin to operate, won't talk to another face to face. I want to say

for please pray me?"you

with doctor, embarrassment, to you that I am a better man for having had seeming The offered his excuses and said, "I can't pray this experience of standing and hearing a for you."Then the boy asked the other doclittle boy talk to his Father in heaven as if

tors, with the same result. he were present."

Finally, something very remarkable hapRemember there is a God in heaven—and

pened; this little fellow said, "If you can't parents "... shall... teach their children to

pray for me, will you please wait while I pray pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."

for myself?"(D.6C. 68:28.)

JUNE 1949 365 YOUNG STAKE President Willard C. Stolworthy; Claude

A. Decker, Y.M.M.I.A.

superintendent; Sally

P. Decker, Y. W.

M.I.A president; Virgil W. Slade, "Era"DEMONSTRATION

director, and Mell H.

Slade, Y. W. M. I. A.

"Era"director.

STAKE PHOENIX Delbert OF President

Leon Stapley; Dow

Ostiund, Y.M.M.I.A.

superintendent; Edna

K. Larson, Y.W.M.I.A.

Lynn president; L. COOPERATION direcDriggs, "Era"

tor; Cora Mack, Y.W.

M.I.A. "Era"director.

FLORIDA STAKE

Alvin President C. IMPROVEMENT ERA A. Thomas Chace;

Y.M.M.I.A. Hill,

Alzada perintendent; su- n rr

B. Chace, Y.W.M.I.A.

president; Jessie V.

Rehkopf, "Era"director.

SNOV/FLAKE STAKE REACHES NEW GOALS

President David A.

Butler; William Clark Gardner, Y.M.M.I.A. AND

superintendent; Le-

P. Hansen, nora

president; I. A. M. Y.W. SETS NEW RECORDS

Martin D. Bushman,

Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; Winona

Brookbank, Y. W.

M.I.A. "Era"director.

SOUTH IDAHO FALLS STAKE Cecil E. By JOHN D. GILES President

Leonard WasHart; suBUSINESS MANAGER den, Y.M.M.I.A.

perintendent; Salina

Halliday, Y.W.M.I.A.

president; Howard

Knapp, Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"director; Jetta Hale, Y.W.M.I.A.

"Era"director.

UNION STAKE

su- Y.M.M.I.A.

(no photoOnesuccessfulof the mostEra importantsubscriptionand beker,Walch;perintendentPresidentWileyC. M. LloydNecampaigns in Era history has available);Y.W.M.I.A. Pearlpresident;Bruce,

Y. M. J. Bateman,

"Era"director;come to a close. In many ways the G.M.I.A.

Hiatt, Y.W.M.I.A. Julia CAMPAIGN, HOMEEVERY director. "Era"and ending in last Octoberstarting

April, was truly remarkable. ReachSOUTHSTAKE CAROLINA

ing old goals and setting new recMcBride;President W.JamesWallaceC.

ords were striking features of this Graham,perintendent;Y.M.M.I.A.Alicesueffort. Y.W.M.I.A. cooperative Timmons,annual

Jonas president;

in the Outstanding Y. M. M. I. A.S. results of the Groves,

campaign were the achievements of "Era"Henry director;Keith, Y.Mrs.W.

two stakes which reached a twenty- M.I.A. "Era"director.

STAKEyeargoal and accomplished what MINIDOKA

President many had considered the impossible Toone; SpencerJ. MelvinW.

-r-having The Improvement Era perintendent;Toone, Y.M.M.I.A.Itha Seesu-

placed in every home in every ward dal,dent; Y.W.M.I.A.Horace Hatch,presiin the stake. rector;Y.M.M.I.A.Afton"Era"Hatch,diIn 1929, just twenty years ago, Y.W.M.I.A.rector. "Era"diwhen The Improvement Era was

combined with The Young WomLETHBRIDGEPresident OctaveSTAKE W.

an's Journal and a new size, style, Palmer,Ursenbach;Y.M.M.I.A.A. Delbertsuand format adopted, the slogan perintendent;W. Merrill, Y.W.M.I.A.Thelma

Llewelyn, Job was president; in Every Home""The Era

di- "Era"Y.M.M.I.A. an ideal, Llewit was Job Admittedly rector; Mrs.chosen.

the achievement of which lay someelyn,director.Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"

where in the future. Even so, it was TAYLOR STAKE

not so idealistic as many had Walker;PresidentEarl JamesW. Zemp,H.

superin- I. A.

Zatellathought. Almost immediately small Y.tendent;M. M.

Y. M.I.A. W.

L. J.and mediumsized wards and Taylor,president; G.

di- "Era"C. Han366 Y.M.M.I.A.rector; Ella Gibb,

cock, Y.W.M.I.A. "Eradirector.

SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE President William Waite; Noble Marvin campaign that has been unique and

Jacobsen, Y.M.M.I.A. E.

superintendent and notable in Era history, Snowflake

Stake "Era"director;

Hortense Steed, Y. W. Stake finally reached its high ob-

M.I.A. president. jective of having The Improvement Era go into every home in

STAKE ANGELES LOS every ward in the stake. Snowflake

President John M. Russon; J. Grant Brazier, Stake became a double citation winsuperin- A. Y. M. M. /. diner, finishing sixth in both total "Era"tendent, and

(recently rector resubscriptions and percent of quota. leased); Erma Nielson,

Y.W.M.I.A. president. To these two stakes and all their

Era workers, we extend our commendation and congratulations.

LONG BEACH STAKE President Virgil H.

Spongberg; Dr. Floyd

perintendent; Carlson, Y.M.MJ.A.ClarasuTn many other stakes and in many

Douglas,, Schomer Y.W. wards and in the missions and

Ernest president; M.I.A.

A. Ingalls, the Y. M. M. branches, EVERY HOME VivianI. director; "Era"satismost brought I. Ingalls, Y. A. M. W. CAMPAIGN

director. factory results. In many cases

stake and mission groups exceeded

STAKE OGDEN MOUNT S. past achievements by wide margins Earl President

H. McCune, Ross Paul; superinand new records were established. I. A. Y. M. M.

tendent; Clara Price, South Los Angeles Stake, veteran

president; Y.W.M.I.A. stake and leader in Era campaigns for Pbylls Pehrson,

"Era"director. many years, again demonstrated its

outstanding leadership by securing

STAKE EMIGRATION A. the highest total subscriptions in the President George

Christensen; George Lacampaign, exceeding all other stakes

Richards. Mont

superintendent; Y. M. and being surpassed by only one M.I.A.

Gerrard, Y. Matilda W. mission. The lead of the South Los Reuel M.I.A. president;

J."Era"Alder,director;Y.M.M.I.A.Vida (Continued on page 368)

Fox Clawson, Y. W.

M.I.A. "Era"director.

INGLEWOOD STAKE

branches reached this goal, but Rohner;PresidentRobertAlfred E.L.

there were many who thought it Simpson,superintendent;Y.M.M.I.A.Marwould never be accomplished in an ianM.I.A.V. Peterson,president;Y.W.E.

Sorensen andentire stake. J.

Charles Du Bois, To Young Stake, located near "Era"directors.

the "four corners"where Utah,

SAN FERNANDO ColoSTAKE Mexico, andArizona, New

H. President David

within L. Peand including Elmerrado join, its Cannon;

borders portions of New Mexico terson,perintendent;Y.M.M.I.A.Theldasuand Colorado, goes the honor of Richardson,M.I.A. president;Y. Os-W.

being the first stake in the Church "Era"borne director.E. Kerr, stake

to reach this goal With 411% of its quota, this isolated stake actually BENPresidentLOMOND WilliamSTAKE accomplished the "impossible"and enceArthurA. Budge;NeuenschwanClar-

su- Y.M.M.I.A.

(notoday The Improvement Era goes der,perintendent to every home in every ward of that photo available); Adstake. M.dis I. A.Thomas,president;Y. W.

Young Stake, in setting a new Robert"Era"R.directorHull, stake(no

standard for Era campaigns, photo available).

emerged as leader of all the stakes OGDEN STAKE in percent of quota and was ex- S. PresidentBurton; DavidLaurenceE.

Clarke, Y. M. M.I.A.ceeded by only one mission—WestLyn- superintendent;

Taggart, Y. W. ern Canadian. nette

president; M. I. A. Within a short time after Young Merrill W. Bird, Y.M.

Stake reported its almost unbeliev- M.I.A.tor; Beth"Era"Oborn,direcable achievement, Snowflake Stake, Y.W.M.I.A.rector. "Era"dimuch larger in membership, reported

the same outstanding achievement, PASADENAPresident STAKEWilliam

Pettit; Grant E.

Y.M.M.I.A. with the Era in every home in each Syphers,A.

of its twelve wards. Following a superintendent and

"Era"director (no JUNE 1949 photoena R.available);Stonebreaker,Ov-

Y.W.M.I.A. president

(no photo available).

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION President Albert Choules; Derena Watson, "Era"director. WESTERN CANADIAN

MISSION President Glen G.

Fisher; Ramon M. Child,

"Era"director; Marjorie A. Child, "Era"

director.

NORTHERN STATES

MISSION President W. Creed

Haymond; Marjorie McIntire, "Era"director,

and Sharol Joy Duffin, "Era"director. CENTRAL PACIFIC

MISSION President Melvyn A.

Weenig.

WESTERN STATES

MISSION President Francis A.

Child; W. Scott Barcounselor, second STATES EASTERN

director; rett,and "Era"MISSION

Williams, LaRue "Era"President George Q.

director. R. LivMorris; Georgia

ingston, "Era"director.

TEXASLOUISIANA

MISSION President Glen F.

Smith; Theron P. Folsom, "Era"director;

Jay A. Ferrell, field

worker; Virgil L. Black, NORTH CENTRAL

field worker. STATES MISSION

President John B.

Hawkes; Kent Peterson,

"Era"director.

Demonstration of Cooperation another column and in the Era ners through wellmanaged camDigest in the one hundred percentpaigns. They carried the Era into

(Continued from page 367) ers group. hundreds of homes where it hadAngeles Stake over all the other

South Los Angeles Stake reached never been received before.

stakes was impressive. In percent

the of the equivalent approximately subscriptions in the Total misof quota South Angeles Los Stake unin making its Era in every home sions reach 12,269 homes. This now to only second Stakewas Young

is nearly as many as the total subwhich proved to be the "Cinderella"usual record, being only one hundred stake of the EVERY HOME approximatelysubscriptions shortfive percent.of the goal, or sionscriptionspresidentstwentyindicateyears ago.that MisThe Los Angeles SouthCAMPAIGN.

Stake exceeded even its best record Improvement Era is one of the

Tn the missions, the "old reliable"most important allies of the missionof previous years with 1,786 subscriptions. Southern States Mission in the aries in their work.

Climaxing a remarkable camSouthland led all other missions by The Scroll of Honor, representing;

paign, Los Angeles Stake, twin sis- a big margin, securing 2,106 substakes and missions reaching their ter of South Los Angeles, registered scriptions, which is more than were qualifying quotas, contained 143the second highest total subscripgoing to all missions of the Church names. Considering the conditionstions, excelling Long Beach and combined twenty years ago, when existing during this campaign, thisPhoenix, both of which had good the present Era style and size were is a most satisfactory showing. In

reasons for believing that they adopted. the year ahead, an effort is to be

would be second only to South Los Northern States, Western States, made to have this listing includeAngeles, perennial campaign leader. and TexasLouisiana Missions, each every stake and mission in the

Space limitations make it imposwith wellorganized and wellcon- Church. Florida Stake led alB

sible to mention the outstanding ducted campaigns were next in orgroups in the Scroll of Honor, with campaigns in various stakes and der in total subscriptions. Star Valley, Oneida, and Snowmissions, but a glance at the citaIn percent of quota, Western flake Stakes following in that order.

tion lists on another page will show Canadian Mission led all other miswhich stakes were leaders of the sions by a substantial percentage. TThe Hall of Fame, reserved as a*

Church in a glorious subscription Several features of the campaign of place to honor stakes and miscampaign which carried The Imthe Western Canadian Mission sions, wards and branches reachingprovement Era into thousands of were truly remarkable, particularly the goal of The Improvement Era new homes. that of Saskatoon Branch in Sasin every home, was the largest in

Special mention must be made of katchewan. history. Notable in this connection

Phoenix Stake in which six wards Central Pacific, Southern States, is the fact that while heretoforereached the equivalent of the Era Eastern States, and North Central achievement in this field has been in every home. These are listed in States also became citation win- {Continued on page 410}-

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERAv THE RIGHT AGE TO MARRY

ar< vDmntnatt &

support his invalid father and right age to marry? Am I too young

younger sisters. Like a great many for it? I've found my girl (or man),

young men of his age, he spent four and I know I'm in love—truly I do,

years in the army. Then he went but I'm only eighteen (or sevenon a mission because he wanted to teen or even sixteen—as the case

share his convictions of truth with may be)."Then there are those

—Photograph by D. Elden Beck others, because he had grown up who write, "I am thirtyfive. Is that

with the idea that a mission was an too old to hope for happiness? I

essential part of his life, and becouldn't be happy without real love

Stephen and Margaret are being cause he had managed to save aland some romance in marriage."

married this month. Stephen is most enough for it out of his mili- "How old is too young? How old is

twentyseven, and Margaret is tary earnings. He came back from too old? How old is just right?"

twentyfour. Some of their friends his mission penniless but anxious to Honestly, I don't know, but I've

and relatives are taking a deep, refinish his final years at his state been thinking a lot about it recentlieved breath. university. With the help of his ly—mainly because I have never

"It's about time,"they say. G. I. allotments and what extra thought a lot about it before!

"Things don't turn out so well money he could earn, he has now Perhaps the reason I have never when young people wait too long. been graduated. He would like to thought too earnestly on the subThey get set in their ways, and go on specializing in his particular j ect js because of the wide range of

they expect too much of life and field, but he isn't sure that he is ages found in the many successful too much of each other, and all the justified in trying it until his other marriages I have seen. One of my

books say that it's much better to plans are better secured. Margaret grandmothers was married at eightmarry early."They go on and on was graduated three years ago and een and the other at thirtysix, and,

in this vein. has since been teaching. She has as far as I know, they both were

I, too, am glad they are marrysaved a little, which is all to the good wives and mothers and reaing now but not for any of these good. sonably happy women. Certainly

reasons. I am glad because I have they were both lovely, delightful

a great affection and respect for Perhaps Stephen and Margaret grandmothers. Divorce is practicalboth of these fine young people, could have been married a year ly unknown in my circle of relatives

and I am glad that they are going ago. Perhaps they could have and friends and because of this great

to have a chance at the most gloristruggled through good fortune a ous experience and the greatest his last year of happy marriage to opportunity for happiness that I college together. me seems quite

know. I am glad that they have But they both say usual and relativeseized this opportunity after waiting that they are glad ly simple—regardsix years in a world peofew where less of age. they waited. They TALK IT OVERple six are willing to wait months is anto accept want There

and after being considerate of marriage as the other thing that others at a time when too few conbasis for family life, establish a keeps my thinking from becoming cern themselves with consideration. home, and become parents. They too airtight. I know a charming,

Stephen and Margaret have been want to be selfsustaining. As competent woman who married at

the best of friends for eight years Margaret states, "We're willing to nineteen. Her husband was one

since she was sixteen and he was make every sacrifice excepting the month older than she. Within five

nineteen. They have known pretty ones that compromise our prinyears her husband died—a victim of

well that they wanted each other ciples. We weren't willing to marry an organic weakness. He left three

twentyone—thesince she was legaleighteenage forandmarhe andWe thenwouldpostponerather behavingconsideredchildren,a andchildreneducated.which Shetheirdidmothernot remarry,reared

riage in the state in which they live. little 'old'by our friends."She has done a beautiful job of

Stephen has received no financial And this of course leads up to the caring for her young people and of help from his family since he was question that so many young peodeveloping herself but, at times, she fourteen. In fact he has had to help pie are asking today, "What is the (Continued on page 400)

JUNE 1949 369 ney, and left their comfortable home in the dead of winter to travel, with their three small daughters, one thousand miles by horse and wagon. Before they reached Missouri, however,

word came of the mobbings and persecutions of the Saints, and of the imprisonment of the Prophet. So they

had no choice but to stop where they were in Indiana. With great disappointment in their hearts, they purchased a farm in Vincennes and settled

down again to the business of making a living. Here, in the spring of 1840,

their fourth daughter was born.

-Photograph by George E. Magnusson In the meantime the Church had

Pratt Addison saw This is the island of Tubuai, which by moonlight in the earlyMississippi site on the to a moved 1844. of April hours 30, morning River, building the and commenced

beautiful city of Nauvoo. When this

joyous word reached them, the Pratts

Ill a refined and cultured girl, full of life again gave up a good farm and a and ambition, an expert seamstress, and comfortable home, renting because is October 10, 1843. The whalean accomplished teacher. To her this they could not sell, determined to cast

IT ship Timoleon, just leaving New man of the sea seemed rough and untheir lot with the Saints. When at

Bedford, Massachusetts, is bound polished, but an attraction developed last they arrived in Nauvoo, Addison on a whaling voyage to the South between them, the flame of which was started working on the building of the

Pacific. On the deck stands Addison kept lighted by letters while Addison

ions—NoahPratt. Beside Rogers,him are threeBenjamincompan-F. washome.awayThreeand yearsby his lateroccasionalthey visitswere

Grouard, and Knowlton Hanks. As married, April 3, 1831.

rail shores leans thehe watching on the his MISSION toof beloved dim homeland grow in "7V fterdisonseveraldecidedmoreto tripsabandonto sea,his Adlife distance,the Addison's goes back mind over the years. as a sailor so that he could make a

temple. wrote: wife His "Never was for his better wife and home young his different circumstances are How I happier than husband when was family, joining so, my growing with they twenfrom were what somenow

beautiful the structure employed on brother, Louisa's he farm bought a left earlier thesetyone he years when for per board."$1.00 day and in the of Ripley, York. Town New anof shores Massachusetts onsame

call, the mission 11, Then came thought, May Here, they spend they would first trip his toother on windjammer 1843. a time Louisa's heart For was lives. in their the of remainder But Pacific.the lad of he a was Then very heavy. she though had Even sister, winter of Louisa's the 1835, ship's crew.twenty, a a green hand on

that thought her some husband day Caroline, husband, and her Jonathan man, he is a husband, a matureToday called to might carry be the gospel at Crosby, stopped the farmhousethe father of four daughters, and a missionary, representing the Church on their way to Kirtland, Ohio. message to their relatives in the East,

that had she dreamed he would to a converted had been They new never Saints, of Christ Latterdayof Jesus to the of the earth! be called ends religion going and strange and were elders to othercalled three open with

the first foreignlanguage mission of to join the main body of the Church. Why should he? Missionaries had

in the gospel preached the States their of stay they During a monththe Church.

Britain, and Canada, and Great told the story Louisa and Addison the events leading up to were Many one but no gone even had Smith, things other and Joseph many evenfarther—notin it of In fact, assignment.his present

seemed to him that nearly everything pertaining to this religion. And to France or Germany; not even to

Scandinavia. the Seas? South their they they on way, went Why when his tothat during him happened had

left her to she husband? be left And the of behind a copy them Why Book thislifetime mission pointed toward

alone, with of support, and means no of the afterward Soon Mormon.to Polynesia. "... four for! with to care daughters that Pratts learned her Caroline and in sailor the he a become had Why I in trust to but determined the Lord,"to shortly the leave with husband werefirst place? did conditions deWhy writes, she stand before bravely "and for Missouri. County, Jackson Churchvelop him caused spend to which

ills life, the rejoice of that husand sister their Desiring to see my before she inseveral months Hawaii—enough counted to preach band worthy was west, her brother Louisa and went to learn love darkto thosetime

gospel."the her, visit leaving Kirtland to went to to understandskinned people and some

four sevenordained were The men for to care the Addison and home lantheirof of fundamentals the ties, set blessed, and apart on In daughters. Kirtland they May it all to three plan part ofguage? a Was assisted 23, 1843, Brigham Young, by the learned about of Church more gospel revealed the of Jesushave

Kimball, C. Heber by Orson Hyde, of Saints, Christ Latterday Jesus met carriedChrist to the South Seas? Was Pratt. Parley P. and listened to of the leaders Church, and the instrument throughhe an whom

Lord was bringing these things to pass? many testimonies. When they returned Addison's family accompanied him

For a number of years, he recalled, and told Addison of their experience, to the steamboat landing on the after he left Hawaii in the ship, Hope, he was determined to go to see and river. He carried threeyear-old Louise

in October 1 822, he had sailed the seas, hear these things himself. His wife in his arms. Even now a lump

touching at many ports all over the records the event simply as follows: arose in his throat as he recalled kissworld, and returning to his home in "He went, returned, and lo, had been ing and embracing each of his four

wife. his in turn, daughters then Louisa baptized."her brother and and only Massachusetts, Bedford,New long shortly he afterward, baptized be away? would What in How visits. of werefor short It was on one

to rebefore them happen he June of 1837, in the waters of Lake might visits, in that 1828,these he met1 a faith turned? abiding and deep Only a girl, Barnes,lovely Louisa a Erie. young

friend of his sister, Rebekah. She was Nothing would satisfy them now but in the gospel could have separated him

to join with the Saints in Jackson from his family or could have recondaughter of 'Louisa Barnes was the and Willard his going. to so thorBut they sold their and ciled them farm County. So

in the Barnes, born StephensDolly town of Warin the for gosengulfed they oughly stock, the jourpreparations were Massachusetts. made Franklin County,wick,

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pel stream that they brushed aside Elder Hanks was the first LatterDec. 2. Lowered the boats in the morntheir doubts, smiled through their tears, day Saint missionary ever to die and ing and caught two blackflsh.... P.M. I

and put their trust in the Lord. be buried at sea. caught a shark from the tafferel and a

the dolphin bowsprit of head from the and this in the Massachusetts, Bedford, spot AtEastern From In New thirtyfive in the pages Book of Morburial could the read ship going to lantic place, the Addison took find no where mon.

the Sandwich Islands (Hawaii) so he course of the Timoleon lay almost diDec. 23. Some symptoms of the gout

booked passage at one hundred dolrectly south of the island of Tristan among us from sumptuous living. Today

lars each for himself and his three da Cunha, eastward past the Cape dined on boiled bread and a piece of salt companions on the Timoleon, schedof Good Hope and New Zealand, and beef pork....

uled to stop at the Society Islands. among the islands of the Eastern Ian. 13. A foggy and misty morning.

Now they were on their way. Pacific. theWindday.to Somethe N.W.of thecontinuescrew caughtso througha porHThe first few days at sea were "Touring those two hundred and three onpoise.the ApostasyIn the eveningof the Br.Church.Rogers lectured

pleasant, but on October 13, the days which they spent on board March 4. Exchanged some books with

ship experienced rough seas and heavy the ship, the missionaries were not perMrs. Winslow. Loaned her the Voice of

gales from the north. All the passenmitted to do any public preaching, Warning.

gers, except Addison, became seasick. but they spared no effort to strike up March 7. Spent some time in the foreHe did all he could to bring them comprivate conversations with individual castle, explaining the Gospel, from the

fort, and within a few days they were passengers and members of the crew, Scriptures, to the sailors.

well and back on their feet—all except to encourage them to read books perThe influence the missionaries had

Elder Hanks, who was also suffering taining to the Church, and to mark pason the crew was so great, that before with a severe case of consumption. sages in their Bibles which supported the journey was over, they agreed

His companions took turns sitting up the teachings of the Church. The misamong themselves, to stop using prowith him and administering to his sionaries also read much, studied, and fane language, and even levied penalties

wants. About midnight of November preached to each other. For amuseon each other for not living up to their

2, Addison was called by Brother ment they spent much time fishing. agreement.

At 2:00 a.m. in the morning of April

* 30, Addison was lying awake in his bunk, when he heard the cry

ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR "Landho!"from aloft. Going on deck,POLYNESIA he scanned the moondrenched horizon

and saw, about fortyfive miles to the

The Story of Addison Pratt north, the peak of a mountain rising above the ocean. It was the island of

And The Tubuai in the Austral group, 355 miles south of the island of Tahiti

Society Islands Mission where the missionaries intended to land, and probably some 20,000 windjammer miles from the eastern coast

Rogers to stand his watch. Alarmed at Typical entries in Addison's journal of the United States where their jourthe apparent poor condition of his follow: ney began nearly seven months before.

cold, with limbs his friend, he found inhabited the of people kind What 1. of Finished the Book November covering sweat of cold large drops they Polywondered. island, he Were of the and his Covenants commenced Book

body. During the day he revived someMormon. Some interesting conversations nesians? He would have to wait a few

what, enough to ask to be shaved and with the passengers on salvation. (Continued on page 398)

have his hair combed. But he soon

whaleship "Eagle.""Timoleon,"which The the color painting of on of This an old water is a print in on the morning relapsed, and at 5:30

structure Seas, South in size and their the was similar to voyage Pratt Addison companions and his 3, 1843, he died. Friday, November Historical Society and Whaling Museum vessel. Dartmouth—Courtesy,made to this Old

three of the tender hands but Rough prepared missionaries remaining his 'T:; V.. neat in burial, clothing a for him body

robe, and wrapping him in a large sheet. Then they lifted him gently

and carried him on deck.

Describing the scene, Addison records:

A plank was laid in the starboard gangway. On it was prepared a piece of canvas. There we laid him, and in it we sewed

him up. To his feet was attached a bag

of sand, of about sixty pounds weight.

Then the top gallant sails were furled, the courses hauled up, the main and mizzen top sails were hove aback. The noble

ship stopped her headway, and lay in the witness solemn gentle motion, as if to flag hoisted scene. was The American at tSfcE.*** '

halfmast as a signal that one of her noble countrymen had gone the way of all the earth. Then her generous crew gathered

around and with uncovered heads, listened in breathless silence to a very appropriate prayer, which was made by Bro. Noah

Rogers. Then they gently raised the end

of the plank, till the corpse slid off and struck the water feetforemost in Lat.

21 34'North, Lon. 26 11'West from

Greenwich. As he sank, my eyes followed

him till a white speck vanished in the blue waters below....

JUNE 1949 371 Service in M.I.A.

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

As field secretary Elder Robinson has initiated other activities of which he can justifiably be proud.

For twenty years under his direction an M.I.A. Book of Plays has

been published, in which oneact

W. O. ROBINSON and threeact plays have appeared, CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

edited to our standards and for twentysix years Rob- O. W. for royalties paid been have which given has A. Beesley ClarissaFor called O. W. year. the saves inson—familiarly This one and wards servcapable wholehearted and his by admirers has many ef-—stakes expense tremendous and ice the to Mutual Young Women's activitiesserved the of the Mutual fort. the Since plays have been her Association during in Improvement

fieldImprovement Associations as cover, the with posone compact life, presihaving become maturesecretary. this In capacity has he sibility at single of copies ordering of a dent when ward Y.W.M.I.A.directed music, dancing, drama, and cost, this publication has nominal later seventeen. she She became wasspeech. His position called has him real for of drama. importance been presistake stake a secretary a andinto the stakes the of and wards the proof part Another Mutual organization. of In the dent JanuChurch has trained where he and lain the to close has which gram called the to gen1912, ary she was theencouraged various to groups do is of that of heart Robinson Elder eral the of board Young Women'sa nearly in professional more job all arts in the of operetta the which Association. Mutual Improvement

field.the recreation In simultaneously. function may secgeneral In 1914, she was made Elder Robinson has recogbeen with connection CornSpencer J. retary, she held position unwhich nationallynized for the great dance wall, adapted Elder and Robinson

til time she the 1929. same Atfestivals which he has organized and acts, into The condensed two editor associate as of served The indirected connection the with anlight opera a Chimes Normandy, of until 1923 Journal Young Woman'snual of conference the M.I.A. June opera Planquette. This Robert by editor, posi- a she made was when colorfulThis event, climaxing highly enwidely produced and was until tion the held she and Journal

creative of trainmonths and work in the stakes of Church. joyed many the combined. were Eraing, called activity into has dancers tribute greater than can be No general service the her During onfrom the throughout This Church. that from someone which comes Sister Beesley has board, had muchfestival at Saltair held was for many a has worked. Such with whom he editing the for of the responsibility ityears, large but outgrew even this (Concluded 414) on page

hall and for the past two years it of most of the M.I.A. publications

has been held at the University of and has also written several manuals

Utah Stadium where it has enand prepared others. She has also

thralled all who have been privibeen a successful teacher of special leged to see it. religious classes at the Lion House

In order to direct the wards and Social Center.

stakes that they might prepare for She was a counselor to Sister Ruth the great festival and have their May Fox, when she was general own featured dances, a dance manupresident of the Y.W.M.I.A. and

al with the basic steps as well as executive secretary until the time of newly created and popular dances the reorganization. Her activities

has been prepared under the direchave carried her into most of the tion of Elder Robinson and dismissions and the stakes on the tributed throughout the Church that North American continent and Euthe dancers would have the same rope where she has added much to basic understanding of the steps. the M.I.A. cause.

This manual titled Dancing in the In her positions on the general

M.I.A. has been a real contribution board, she has done a great deal to

to the social and special dancing mold the thinking of the Church so programs in the Church. (Concluded on page 414)

372 THE liMPROVEMEIMT ERA ECONOMIC SECURITY

Lj. Afomer <UJamam; J-k.<JJ. &

HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Thefor necessityeconomic forsecuritylabor isasimplicitthe basisin icanand theeconomicgeneralsystemwelfare."has 1 attemptedThe Amerto bringsof its legalregulationspherebybythethe F.C.C.radio stationIf rethe account given in Genesis of the resist "socialism,"or outright governquired, the station's license may be

origins of society. ment ownership and operation of the revoked and the private operators

means of production. However, the forced to liquidate their investment.

In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat same fundamental social forces have This is the typical pattern within bread, till thou return unto the ground; played upon American institutions as which modern American industry, agrifor out of it wast thou taken: for dust upon Canadian, British, French, Gerculture, transport, communication,

thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return. man, Russian, Japanese, and other banking, finance, and other economic

(Genesis 3:19.) modern nations—industrialization, colactivities operate. In such manner we

lectivization of ownership by corporaattempt to use the government to their for of the In produce return cartels, tions, trusts, combines; and the pregeneral welfare maintain and

toil, offer to sacinstructed were men collectivization labor of supply by rely private vent abuses. But on we the rifice author as the Lord to organizations; labor of means of huge initiative direction, for and growth, nature. fundaThisproductive was urbanization's of the overremoval

mentally sound procedure. If man whelming masses of the people from progress.

must labor, he may as well labor the land, from independence for their with the advantage of God's help. own food production to work at hour- "VSTithin the states, local power comIn this vein, the modern practice of ly wages; technology; social unrest; "* panies manufacture and sell electithes and offerings has meaning. and especially international war. These tricity. But rates and methods must

The ancient record, so true to idea forces emerged powerfully about the fall within the sphere assigned by the and experience, further illuminates time of the Civil War. They have state public utility commission. The

man's economic problems. Nature's accelerated every decade. The Amerbarber is a private businessman. But

ravages as well as bounty had he ceases to remain in busito be contended with in the ness if he violates the sphere form of flood, drouth, pestiof his license.

lence, war, and famine. In the Part V At the federal level, the folquest for economic security lowing activities typify "regscenesthe biblical

individualistic run from TflC Chnrch and Modern Soc lCtV* ulationism."enjoy legal statusLaborin unions,collectivetothe economies

of pastoral herdsmen, to the bargaining, require "certificastate-planned economy admintion"from the National Labor istered in Egypt (Genesis 47), with Joican system has responded to them Relations Board. Railroads and intercall state carriers the motor operate we may withinseph as its economic advisor, under with a pattern 2 which

is "regulationism."as policed sphere The distinction InterstatePharaoh. by the ComFood is basic to economic security. follows; In socialism, the government merce Commission. National banks

Without it physical existence is imowns the factories, the land, and the are subject to the powers of the Fedpossible. A preceding discussion on means of production. In America, with eral Reserve Board and the Compfood, hunger, and poverty disclosed the exception of public lands, public troller of the Currency, Department of

some aspects of the situation on a schools, state universities and colleges, the Treasury. All companies issuing

worldwide basis. (See The Improvemunicipal power plants and other servstocks, bonds, and securities must

ment Era, April 1949, p. 216.) The ices, the post office, atomic energy have such issues approved by the Sepresent article is based on the premplants, T.V.A., and various other excurities and Exchange Commission.

ise that the general conditions aimamples, the economy is owned and Flights on the airlines are reguing at adequate food supply can be managed by private individuals. But lated and the fare approved by the

met; that basic agricultural production the sphere of private management is Civil Aeronautics Board and the

can be achieved. Assuming this, what confined to a sphere increasingly outCivil Aeronautics Authority. The adstate governin- lined and federal in this by vertisements issuearguments can in modern Imbe made of The

for a radio example, ments; 3 societiesdustrialized the basic sold whereby the products and station provement Era

necessities of life may be obtained by is privately owned and operated. But come under the scrutiny of the Fedall? For this discussion we shall its activities are confined to a certain eral Trade Commission, in the interutilize the national situation in the wavelength and program licensed by ests of maintaining fair competition.

U.S.A. as example. the Federal Communications CommisThe beef roast at last Sunday's dinThe American productive system, sion, under federal statute. A violation ner probably came under the inspecextensively the enterprivatebased on tion the of of powers Bureau Animal is quotation Declaration taken of from the xThe

isprise unique. system, somewhat of the Policy of 1946, 2) Employment Act Industry the of of S. Department U. 79th Public 304, Congress, February approved Law(section recent in years, the UnitedHowever,

1946, 20, discussed Agriculture. below. StockPackers and TheStates to play has government come is expression the text standard from adopted 2The yards the Act, administered same by Frederic P. by Ray, Introduction A. and Orman Ogg in increasingly role predominantan

to (9th ed., American has Government 1948), which its contributed to department, eventual life. has economic ThisAmerican utilized article. been this extensively for reference as

the quality, of is condition, sphere 3Also cost; ownership government gradand and it according the done, tobeen express ually is expanding. Atomic energy completely grains fed with regulated probably in "sowasproviso the most of governing cialized"in at present, since the S. the U. passage

of the Atomic of 1946. Energy International Actstatutes, in order the to help "foster of the terms for production under and

virtually falls finance into the same category since free enterprise competitivepromote the war and E.C.A. (Coninued on 374) page

JUNE 1949 373

THE QUEST FOR ECONOMIC SECURITY

(Continued from page 373) forefathers to have landed on our other nations. The United States reAgricultural Adjustment Acts—and so shores. But tariffs and immigration sult was the Employment Act of 1946

on. laws, particularly since the 1880's, are (Public Law 304, 79th Congress) apSome poorly informed people have symptomatic of the fundamental forces proved by President Harry S. Truman

felt that this American economic syswhich in nearly all modern nations on February 20, 1946. Section 2, the

tem, compared to socialism, is unstable, have expressed themselves in economstatute's declaration of policy, folrickety, and subject to all the evils ic nationalism, internal business regulalows:

tion, controls. Statutes confine to and benefits) the of of uncon- (and none

is it declares that hereby Congress The perpublic to employment works ontrolled jungle law. reverse has The the the govpolicy continuing of Federal citizen of status sons readily were itself true. to enbeshown American all practicable conernment to use means beginadded. the I saw World War itsterprise has only demonstrated not its sistent obligations needs with and and

effort of nings national to a organize its capacity, alsoproductive sucbut national considerations essential of other cess as a system of political economy. the labor market within the country policy, with the assistance and cooperation

Our basic problem is not in the patby means of public employment ofof industry, agriculture, labor, and statetern, but in adjusting the pattern so that fices—a government office where men and local governments, to coordinate and

its reall utilize functions, plans, and find jobs other. might each and The initiativeprivate energy and human

for the creating of sources and purpose of 1933 extended WagnerPeyser Act theirare creativity permitted optimum in to calculated maintaining, a manner this system. Social Security Act The interest.in public the balancing The enterfoster competitive free promote and

it into of 1935 a geared nationwide is individual interestof public with conditions welfare, the general prise and the problem. To date, the American system of unemployment insurance. under which there will be afforded useful

businessman, farmer, and railroad Today, the local offices of the United employment opportunities, including selfman, have been getting along pretty States Employment Service are a wellemployment, for those able, willing, and well with the American civil servant, known feature of every urban and seeking to work, and to promote maximum and vice versa. Fair play, good will, many agricultural communities. Duremployment, production, and purchasing

restraint, toleration, and compromise ing World War II "certificates of power.

availability"issued by these largely sides are both determinedon by offices The Employment Act of 1946 furnecessary in changing employqualities, spiritual,the of were moral and through the machinery ther provides demonstrating labor the howthe people. to be ment, American have We shall implepolicies be which such market could be organized even and to people governmentgood get good

to is required President mented. The controlled. rise the of Accompanying system. a Textand good economic

to (commenceach Congress office the public employment after 1933 transmit subject usually overlookbooks on the called the ing with 1947) what is the Administrawere Public Worksthis point writtextbook because most ers in recent decades have been untion, the Civil Works Administration, "Economic Report."This report repable to free themselves from an enthe Works Progress (later Work resents an effort to apply scientific previronmentalist philosophy, and from Projects) Administration, the Civilian diction and control in the realm of sothe assumption, while ignoring such Conservation Corps, and the National cial phenomena. A new agency, the

things as God and angels, that men Youth Administration, as governmentCouncil of Economic Advisers (three will act like angels "if they only have sponsored employment possibilities. economists at $15,000 a year, plus a

the facts."Those writers who have The relation of the private employer's staff of about sixty) is created as the

survived two world wars are now feelright to recruit and hire his own labor President's arm for preparing the reing the bumps on their heads to try force could easily be wiped out by a port. The "Economic Report"thus

and decide whether to proceed in the law requiring all employees in peace prepared aims at what are some of the same vein, or perhaps face the probtime to be certified by public employfundamental problems of social scilem that men, possessed with some ment offices. This development, like ences: (1) accurate description of

"facts,"often act like devils. any other, has to be carefully safeeconomic phenomena, in this case, "the

levels production, employment, and of guarded. weight of government The in is it general, Today, the upon in the obtaining purchasing power is democratically be can heavy and private regulatedAmerican sysbut..."', preaccurate States United (2) if the controlled private only of weight thattem, citinot only the American diction to "current the foreseeas and effectively society counterbalance can depends, alsozen but of the most in levels of trends"the employable flexible. and government make forworld, security. economic Because purchasing production, ment, and powitof is the complexity, however, proII of the demise saw World War the description accurate of er; (3) onlyposed here to examine phases the two but C.C.C., and W.P.A., N.Y.A. the of Federal Government program

activity,of recent ( proAmerican closing of years the ) 1 war saw many conditions review of a "and economic of socialmotion employment, and with people apprehension viewing (2) legislation. issecurity to There return much war's end and the of unemaffectingStates...employmentduring the precedingin the Unitedyear";

saidbe subjects both on these as they If millions nearly ployment. fourteen finally, Report the and Economic (4)relate to private 18since But management. people, the vigorous of most aged is for carrying to a contain program

enterpriseprivate to has operate within years, of the could out 38 taken be section the policy out from quoted two the of these framework recent into two labor put the and market armed act, necesof the together with such policies, public will if space services; redevoted be related the and, and legislation as the President sary "may

to thelargely of aspects governmental of propopulation could the mainder is It desirable."or necessary deem

situations.these two to maintain our enough goods duce to then decide to Congress what up

for to do, with the consequences pubDy means of tariffs, the federal govstandardtop of that,of livingfortyfiveand superimposepercent of theon lic administration manageand private ernment has followed a policy world's war production, then it was ment in their respective fields. Serious

aimed at promoting work for Ameriargued, only unemployment can reobligations are involved. Agricultural

can laborers since the administration sult when the men return from the man depended on his physical body of George Washington. In 1882, the armed services. Such calculations did and a few crude implements for his

Chinese not Exclusion through correct prove from 1945 Act was passed, security. these, induseconomic To

first the 1948. the specter But of insecurity immigration laws of many trial complex producadded a man has

aimed at further restricting the Amerwas sufficient to lead to the demand tive system, e.g., General Mills, Inc.;

ican market to workers already inside for a federal guarantee of "full em- a complex distributive system, e.g.,

the country. To have had these poliployment."So, we now have obliged Safeway Stores; and now, new govcies always in effect, of course, might the federal government to assure jobs ernmental devices.

have made it difficult for Lehi, Columfor all people able and willing to work.

bus, the Pilgrim Fathers, and our own Similar measures were in process in ( To be continued 374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dawn's Choice OSu Qlqie Merbert \J\Jlinn J t you travel westward toward the My curiosity knew no bounds as There were laughing and merriIf setting sun, you will come to a I could see from my vantage point ment from the playing children in country called Beata, where the that it was not food the basket conthe streets; soft singing from the

sands in the narrow streets glisten tained, and yet each gift seemed to fields where the workers toiled in like gold, where the warm breezes be labeled, and each man had his the sun; the low hum of a mother

that fan your tired face are perown choice, even the children made as she rocked her baby in the cool fume laden from the many flowers their own selection unaided by word afternoon shade; now the guarded

blooming in the brilliant sunlight. or look from the leader. murmurs of lovers strolling down

The gates of the city are closely I fell in line behind the last of the shady lanes.

guarded and unless your wants are the villagers, deciding at least to And I studied my parcel trying great and desires real, you will have a look into the magic basket. to grasp the understanding of the

never be allowed to enter. But when As I drew nearer, to my amazement things I saw. As the sun began

the heavy gates close behind you, I saw the gifts were very small, slowly sinking in the west, the peoyou find yourself in a new world, and the basket contained much more ple began again to gather in the so fantastic it is hard for you to than I had anticipated from a discourtyard. The notes of the bell

believe it is real. tance. Each was labeled clearly: were clear now as it summoned the

The houses there hold a certain wealth, success, honor, happiness, people together. Each chime seemed

whiteness. The architecture is all love, faith, right thinking, kindness, to peal out peace, power, or penthe same, the only difference being pity, benevolence, charity, helpfulance, and punishment for a day's

the personal touches one man gives ness, mercy, forgiveness, and devowork finished and donewith forto his home and another man fortion.

gets. I stared in silent won-.

In the center of the city you will derment, unable to make find one house more elaborate than my choice. And as my

the others. I surmised that it behands fumbled through

longed to a king or the ruler of the the packages, I noticed city. But as I learned of the ways near the bottom some

of these people, I found the only were labeled laziness, \1*S distinction between the man who anger, revenge, gossip, lived in this house and the others deceit, crime, and hate.

was his superior understanding of To my astonishment his fellow men. these were wrapped

The first morning of my stay in more gaudily than the the strange city, just as the feeble others, and the wise rays of a new dawn crept over the master made no move hillside, I heard the toll of a low to guide my hand as I bell, nothing harsh in the tone to reached into the basket awaken from sound slumbers, just and appropriated for a soft tone like a gentle nudge to a my own the parcel of sleepy brain at the awakening to understanding.

another day. I filed along with the

I dressed quickly and found myothers just as the first self outside my door watching as rays of the new day the people from every house in the broke over the mounvillage gathered in front of the tains and the wavering center house. Night shadows were streamers of sunlight

hardly gone, and the light of a new filtered through the green branches ever. Again on the doorstep apday was too young to distinguish of the trees, and I found myself peared the Master. In his arms he

plainly one man from another as with a new day and a decision in held the magic basket. This time

they assembled in the courtyard. my hands as to what I should make it was empty, and each man as he

Then as the bell ceased tolling, of it. passed by, dropped into its depths

the door of the house opened slow- I sought out a lonely hillside either a larger, fuller measure of ly, and the Master came and stood where I could be alone with my the gift he had taken or a smaller before us. In his arms he carried parcel of understanding and ponportion.

a huge basket, almost too heavy for dered over the many things I had And some there were who came his frail body. Each man, woman, seen. Here I spent the day watchslowly with halting steps, and their

and child filed by the basket reaching the people of the village go arms were empty, for they brought ing into its depths and gathering about their tasks, each in his own nothing at all to show for a day's whatever he wished to take along way building his day from his dework done.

with him for this day. cision at early dawn. {Continued on page 398)

JUNE 1949 375 evi and l/l/omen of the Lhurch—Ujovm%

is YOUR DAY NOW! We may assume, Adiemantus, that the

direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. (Plato's Re'(The Second of Two Articles)

public. Book 4, Jowett's Translation.)

Dm \A/e5teu /-% JLloud, fLJj, young of DEAN OF STUDENTS, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY men and womenYoung the Church, is now. day your

By this we are not fooled into assuming that you are ready to take Joseph Smith Building, Jim and his not feel the urge to be friendly unover the affairs of the world, but one roommate had discussed the probless he has faith in people. The inday when that time shall come, your lem of religion and education. From dividual who sees life as defeat and

happiness and success will rest upon this discussion he had concluded the world as a cutthroat social oryour days of formation, which are that education without religion lacks der cannot possess the vital attitude now. Having talked about personal emotional tone and value judgments, of friendliness. The ugliness of his

characteristics of youth and about and that religion without educasocial vision is manifest in his looks the function of education in our tion might easily degenerate into and actions. Soon his acquaintances

lives (see April Era, p. 202), we mere superstition. Jim was not sure have as little trust in him as he has

turn to social relations involving that he had found the right answer in them. Taken alone, an expressed

friendship and marriage, and to the to this problem, but at least for this desire for friendship is not a cloak religion of youth. developing thought he felt grateful. thick enough to cover the real atJim had come to the Church uniThis recognition of the important titude of a person who has learned

versity primarily for academic reaplace which friends and religion to distrust others.

sons. Already as he participated in have in life is not uncommon in the With some exceptions, the lonely

his first student assembly, it seemed experience of the thousands of boy or girl who complains that in clear that true education included young people of the Church. spite of a desire for friends he canmore than could be found in books. Whether in Europe, America, or on not gain them may be engaging in

It included his studies, his friendthe islands of the sea, you, the youth selfdeception. In the world of

ships, his cultural advantages, his of the Church, speak a language of friendliness there is little lost moexperiences in the residence hall, your own. To you, to your friendtion. Here, as perhaps nowhere

and studentbody activities. He was ships, and to your religion, we give else, the acts of genuine love and

finding new meaning for life. our second salute. Daily you demkindness are reflected in the lives of

In the Church university he could onstrate that friendships can be others. To radiate happiness and

expect that the religious way of livreal and urgent, that you have faith good will, to defend an acquaintance ing would be given special attenin others, and that minor incidents against slander or gossip, actively tion and consideration and that his do not mar the growth of friendto promote the welfare of a brother

Church as the social vehicle of his ships. Were it not for you we may or sister without demanding recogreligion would be seen in its proper forget that "a man who has friends nition for it, to take no unfair adplace. Later as the weeks sped along must show himself friendly,"and vantage in school, in business, or in

he learned anew that there is no that from companions of the right play-—these are among the qualities

substitute for intense, academic kind we may derive our greatest of character which insure friendwork. Since the war it is more comjoy. But your successes do not blind ship.

monly recognized by students and us to the fact that each day you are How many intimate friends may faculty alike that the university is deprived of satisfying experience a young man or woman have? Some

a place for serious minds, and in it through some thoughtless or inconpeople are physically big; some are

there is no place for the "Joe Colsiderate word or act. To this probmentally big; some are big in their

lege"kind of education. lem of the basis of friendship we capacity for friendship. Multiplied

Yet along with his work Jim had turn our attention. friendships, however, may come in

found time for friendships. These for their share of misunderstanding.

friendships were not made in a soCapacity for Friendship The college boy imagined that his cial vacuum but were byproducts girl friend was interested in too of work and interests common to Co much has been said about the many other young men. He reaothers. He was discovering, also, techniques of making friends soned that her interest in others was

that education at its best and relithat it is well for us to consider a sign that she was dissatisfied with gion at its best are not opposites, some of those underlying qualities him. Although the girl's interest in

but rather are mutually supporting which are deeper than technique or others was wholesome, the young elements of significant living. Folmethod, and which strike to the man felt that he would welcome a

lowing a devotional period in the very heart of friendliness. One cangreater monopoly on her attention.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At this point, it is easy for any felmoved into his town. This had been eyes, mouth, form, voice, stature,

low to deceive himself. Until a less than a week ago and already size, or complexion of one individual

young man or woman is ready for his friends were being impressed may have an extremely powerful engagement or marriage, there are that Bob had a case of love at first appeal for another. These appeals

demonstrated advantages in multisight. Two weeks later he told his in their extreme form, physical or

plied friendships. The girl who is friend, George, that he had decided mental, have been called the love

easily satisfied to center her attento get married. V/hen George venfetish because of their extraordinary

tion on one boy may not be comtured the advice that it might be well powers of attraction. One individplimenting the boy but merely demto wait a few months and become ual may be attracted by certain

onstrating a lack of capacity in better acquainted, Bob said: "That's physical qualities of another which

friendship for others. Likewise, the what I used to think, but when you may not have the same appeal to all.

boy who knows only one girl and are in love, you are in love, and you A simple recognition of this fact is is uneasy in the presence of any can see more clearly than when you imperative in the choosing of a life's others demonstrates no superior are not."There are many young companion. As certain physical atloyalty by giving one girl all of his men and women who would like to tractions grow, it is important that

attention. In the minds of many give Bob an answer to his easy conwe supplement them with social exyoung people today is emerging a clusion, for in the experience of the periences. An hour's discussion of

social ideal which demands a greater race there develops a new sense of a social problem, a common interest number of friends and a larger responsibility in the transition from in music or painting will broaden capacity for friendship. This quality friendship to love, and wherever the basis of friendship or love and

may often be the safety signal in communities are found, there are prevent overemphasis on the physisocial relations, rather than the examples of young men and womcal alone. Certain social and mental

danger sign of lost affections. en who have sensed the importance characteristics are quite as signifiof careful selection before taking cant as the physical ones in their

the marriage step. power to attract or repel us. AtFrom Love to Marriage One may easily confuse physical traction, then, in the broader meanattraction with a sustaining love. ing, is basic to the building of sucIn a social gathering Bob had met Marked physical appeal is a normal cessful marriage.

a girl who had only recently affair in human relations—the hair, It is not our purpose here to

present an exhaustive treatment of—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert major factors of friendship, courtship, and marriage. Complete

courses of study in colleges and universities, together with numerous textbooks, are available for such purposes. This fact alone should

impress all young people that marriage is a serious business and that there is an artistic element in friendship and courtship when it takes place in the better way.

When young people have come thoughtfully to the problem of marriage, they are anxious that the ceremony be performed in the finest possible manner and in a place commensurate with the importance of the event. In this, there should

be little thought of taking second best. The religious ideals of the

Latterday Saint family and the

Church give point to the temple marriage. To have demonstrated

socially acceptable conduct and to be morally and spiritually worthy to marry in the temple is a blessing and a compliment to be desired by every young man and woman in the

Church whose religion is a vital part of his life. Such a marriage constitutes the basis of family life, now

and for eternity, and is fundamental in the teachings of the Church.

(Continued on page 406) JUNE 1949 377 SYNOPSIS Tn the year 1 85 1, President Bvigham & Young sent colonies to extend the The Fort on the

Mormon territory to the south. Those who

went had to fight four adversaries: the

Utes. the Navajos, the renegade whites, never stolen from his people; some Not only was that flour an indisand nature, which seemed at times the of them hung their heads in silence. pensable item of food in Bluff, but

greatest treaty adversary with of al. No also sacks the in which were it came Statesthe could United guarantee the set Tn the midst of the growing season,

It item of clothing. a tiers a big the depredations was Navajos. from of the

year, that with crops of corn and Kit displaced the Indians CarsonEven who joke that underwear on the common to quell it impossible them.had found Jacob giving promise bright cane of cow in find children red of would you Haskell Thales and genuinelyHamblin fall, the in the feed molasses and letters in spite Indians, the the blue of loved time time after and and washwon

them to a reluctant peace, only to have it ditch broke in one of its bad elbows ings, "Pride of Durango."

broken again because of the actions of the three miles up the river. The ditch,

whites. at lastrenegade the But Mormons consisted of then A freightteam five in this valley, nearlylevel was their settlement, in the had begun face of fewer than never four horses, very miles that long, with and even attacks Indian nature. and

length it had very little fall. That often six, and seldom with one wagwas five miles of daring challenge to on only. The "trailwagon"arIX the ageold supremacy of the San rangement enabled the freighter to

hills the steep make one by taking river the than ever had Juan—more

at a time, otherwise where wagon it than endure more wouldTheall secondits earlyyearyears,of wasthe afort,yearlikeof endured, to carry would have unload and it its spit blue he thick out then. So

major calamities. Exasperated sediment to fill the ditch up, and not the freight up the hill on his back,

to the limit, Haskell sought out content with that, it reached out an extremity to which all freighters

Frank, and warned him again in through its sand to a big section of had to become inured. With their

solemn words, "If you don't quit that ditch and licked it up clean. "three span and trail,"they folstealing our horses, you'll die."The fields of precious crops belowed that devious old track to and

if their very lives Husky and rugged with never a gan to wither. Much of Bluff's man from Durango as

it. The fact is that aspain nor symptom of decay, Frank power was in Colorado or elsewhere depended on

laughed loud in contempt. The working for provisions or trying to their San Juan Coop became a payMormons could never spring any save the remnant of their cattle, and ing institution through the purchase

such cheap scare as that on him. In the withering had to continue, no of wool and pelts and blankets from

bantering gusto he went right on matter if they might wring the Navajos, and the sale to them with his thiefly enterprise. their hands in anguish at sight of it. of merchandise from Durango,

Haskell went also to the camps Flour sold in Durango that summer freighting was one of the very imof the Piutes—it was with bowed for sixteen dollars a hundred. If portant factors on which the lives

head, slow step, and stooping with the trail over which they hauled it of the people did depend.

age, his hoary hair in full keeping with their pony teams all the way to That break in the dangerous elwith one who pleads. He told them Bluff be taken into account, the bow of the ditch could not be rewhy his people had come: "We journey required more time then paired in time, and the fidgety old

were sent all this long way to be than it now takes to circumnavigate San Juan, chewing ever with unyour friends—to help you, to show the globe. satisfied cravings on its banks, ate

you a better way of life."

He spoke their dialect as one born Bluff in the late nineties, the Navajo Twins in the foreground among them. He knew their customs, the meaning of certain tones

and gestures which gave color and f force to their speech. His words

were few, and he drove them in like arrows by the courageous glance of his penetrating black eyes. He

even knew how to be silent in the

Piute language, which may seem like a contradiction, but his timely silence added double potency to what he said. He knew the resistless power exercised by Jacob Hamblin when their pathway was dark

with danger and death.

"If you steal our horses or our cattle, you will die,"he affirmed, nailing them with his unblinking gaze.

They flinched. They felt the

thrust of his unusual power, the majesty of his prophetic appearance.

Some of them declared they had 378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, y,,;.,.,,... =,,.,-,,,-::::.:;

Firing Line

5U Mioevt IK. cLuman

away a merciless stretch of ditch and reached for more. It not only

slicked up that segment of ditch, but it also took away all the land for a long way where a ditch could be made and boiled victoriously against the valley wall, a hundred rods of smooth, vertical rock.

Sickening prospect! No more

water that year. Apparently no possible way of getting water along

there again. And that would mean

the end of Bluff. Yet the river was

not one of the three evils they had been sent to overcome; they were

compelled to fend themselves from The breaks of Grand Gulch looking northwest, from Slick Rock to the buttes of Mossback Mesa, it while they fought, but it is still a San Juan County, Utah.

blustering outlaw while the other three have been licked to a whisper. ing westward which they believed they wondered that the tracks were

It mattered little that no one could to be their own because of a solitary so much more fresh on top than at break the contrary old San Juan of mule track among them. What the bottom of the hill. At Cane

its mean tricks, but if a pirate's emshould they do? Following these Gulch and other places beyond they

pire should take root on the river's tracks into the maze of trees and were disturbed at the increasing banks, and if the two wild tribes rocks was dangerous business, but newness of the trail, and they should be left to spread their dewithout these horses everything at waited deliberately at different predations beyond their homeland, Bluff would be brought to a standplaces to let the two fellows get that would matter much to all the still. They were needed at once to well beyond the river before they

surrounding states and territories. begin on the ditch, if ever they were appeared at the crossing.

If the scum of the earth should be to begin again at all, and if they The crossing now was not Holeallowed to collect in the impregnable made no start again at the ditch, rocks of San Juan, it would be the they would need these horses to get inthe-Rock; the rains had scooped

most dreadful den ever known since them out of the country. the deep cleft clear of all its hardthe time of the old buccaneers. Hurrying home the hunters reshoveled"Uncle Ben's"sand, peganchoredplayed havoc dugwith

()ne day in September two fellows ported to Bishop Nielson, and he way along that "slantindiclar"surcame riding in through the gate advised that they follow the tracks face, and no wagon was ever to of the fort on jaded horses. They very slowly, keeping safely behind slide down nor to toil up through

wanted to trade horses, though they till the thieves reached the towns in the chute at Holein-theRock saw no horses in the fort. They western Utah where help would be again. A place had been found

contrived by sly and apparently inavailable in making the arrest. Lem thirty or forty miles up the river

different questions to ascertain Redd, Jr., Hyrum Perkins, and Jonear the mouth of Bull Frog at what

where the horses of the people were, seph (Jody) A. Lyman were to uncame to be known as Hall's Creek,

and nobody realized till afterwards dertake this dangerous assignment. and the crossing that was improthat it had been made altogether too Friends and loved ones watched vised there by the two Hall brothclear that most of the Bluff horses the three men leave the fort and ers, was known as Hall's Crossing.

were in Butler Wash, and that the ride off over the sandhills to the Approaching this Hall's Crosswash was ten miles off to the northwest. All they could do was to ing after making what they thought

west. watch with aching hearts, realizing was sufficient delay, when the men

The strangers rode leisurely out that the three men might follow the from Bluff reached the east brow of through the gate and headed withtracks a month or six weeks and the cliff overlooking the Colorado out concern for nowhere. Two return in safety after all that time, River, they saw one of the horse

weeks later some of the riders came or they might be waylaid in three or thieves and his string of stolen in from Butler Wash to report that four days and lie wounded or dead horses leaving the west bank. That

the horses for which they had been a month or six weeks before a was a strong signal to the men from sent were not to be found. searching party would go to find Bluff to go into the delaying busiBy "cutting a sign"twenty miles them. ness again, for there were still

wide, the hunters found at The When Lem Redd and his party seventyfive miles of uninhabited

Twist the dim tracks of horses gotook up the trail at The Twist, (Continued on page 380)

JUNE 1949 379 THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE (Continued from page 379) pared to get them across with all chance of hitting one of the two wilderness between them and the possible speed to the east side. But heads peeping from the top of the

first little frontier towns west of the roar of violent hoofs on the rock so far above. His shooting did,

the river. So they deliberately killed gravel drifted away to the ears of however, have the merit of keeping

time in getting their outfit across; the thieves behind the rocks, and those two cowards from staying up

they traded stories with the Hall they crept cautiously out to investiin sight long enough after their first brothers and learned all they could gate. Finding that cutoff trail and shots to take careful aim.

about the thieves, imagining all the the deepcut tracks leading back to The two first bullets striking so time that those thieves were hurrythe river, they knew they were near to that oarsman threw him into ing away, now that they had seen afoot, no blanket in which to sleep, a panic of alarm, and springing from someone in pursuit. not a bite to eat. They ran frantihis place he ran to the other end of

crossing cally the and towards begin boat to the leaving boat, the left the the three length atYVThen thick into willows sneaked some in midstream, and aimlessly to turning still river, they decided to make fire boat. the on pass between a drifting towards

for measure, and delay goodanother resourceful cool and Redd, Lem which below, from walls vertical trail little cutoff across a tocoming thing, this anticipated and very had minreturn. few not could they A they bench, dismounted gravela to his prolay with gun hidden he posnot could they and utes more jacks, a poputo play satand down worked. his tect they while east it the men the to bar on sibly make of disposing of at time thatlar way moving, the willow he wall, saw hit the smooth When but side would hours. or minutes Theunwanted the there, in bullet a and sent he from save them could nothing and this cutof notthieves had known five the back. got sneaks Then the of two rapids the and narrows the

off, the followed wagon and had get to in haste feverish worked be well men below. As canyon winding point the rockytrack out around the belongings including everything, that bend drift around to as shot at bench, what theof which was side to the east brothers, of Hall the whirlpool! in Lyman a capsize and of kind the toe of a called becould could thieves river, the before the of full their hands Perkins had and in road. thehorseshoe bend The quarfire other some from them on horses, an and the swimming with in lost time thieves thatfact the had

ter. boat the side of one going on oar in crook the long thatfollowing string of behind horses a Leading situathe grasped only. Redd Lem it all the track, more madewagon the into out boat, the shoved they to be drastic had tion—something extra give opto themnecessary coast load, last the the river with unusual powonce. at had done He start. get head to aportunity good wall clear. towering apparently The emergencies, and rising to er of start, head wanted no two The of river to them the west the of he the oarsman his on turning gun

it. they take to refusedand When gradualsloping up, reached and up immediate of pain on him ordered of the point at big rocks thesaw halflevel to brow ly the a top near oar. his to to get back death that they decided was bench,the cliff the of the was base which from the for again headed They for place ambush. idealtheir an river of the visible. middle not The of fighting chance a with bank outfit their horses and tookThey to the point bottom nearest the was their curthe through working way tied farther, distance them safe aon top. the from seen could be which strained they landing, to rent a and trees,all and to brush and some of last boatload that men When till veins the stood the up oars at their to guns afoot with backwent the reached horses swimming and All their temples. big blue on and to point wait at the rocks bigthe shots stream, big of the middle two whistling this bullets the time came as seen the they hadfor men whom bulthem, and out above two rang

in into the boat the or water down left river. thethey in boatseat, barely lets the struck

When that jack game had given missing one of the Hall brothers with such accuracy of aim as they dared to take in the face of Redd's opportunity outfit ample aheadthe he sat pulling at one of the where fire. vigilant lead, the in the distanceto a good oars.

Bluff men rode on across the gravel Lem Redd, wary and watchful, The thieves fired thirty or more bench, and at the other heel of this was ready to return the fire at once, shots while the boat was on the horseshoe bend in the wagon track, but shooting with a pistol and from water, although it was a big target they ran right into the whole outfit the unsteady boat he had little as seen from above, it was of the horses, everymoving, and its return bullets prethieves—packs,

thing but the two fellows themselves CURTAINS ON A WOMAN'S vented any careful aim. But the

and their guns. The Bluff men WINDOW minute the boat struck the bank, it

cocked their guns, rode into the By Christie Lund Coles became still, and the return fire outfit and loosed them all from the Curtains on a woman's windows stopped, for all five men were busytrees and brush, and started back Can tell so many things—getting the horses out of the water

ruffled curtains and less the river, Starched boat anchored. say and for the With in a rushwith them

sings. here most surely Someone

fear of getting the hot thieves waited hurt by now horse thewhile pistol, theeagerly behind the big rocks at the CurtainsSay there'sprimlyorderwhitehereandandsimplepeace, lead from Lem Redd's point of the bench. While richly satin flounced ones tell two fellows above took more deadly

... and ease. aim, and one of their bullets shatDown Hall's Creek in a thunderComfort lies within

ing herd Lem Redd and his comEvery curtained window speaks tered the bone in Jody Lyman's leg just above the knee. The fourpanions drove their horses to the TheShe storyhangs ofthemthe withwomanthethere:same delight

west bank of the river, and preThat she pins flowers in her hair. (Concluded on page 398)

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f ten ivor FROM TEMPLE SQUARE V

By RICHARD L EVANS

time and eternity, for happiness is We have to let children learn.

Jke [-afivtit or properly the chief business and ultiSometimes we have to let them life. that of are aim mate "Men they fumble with knots that we could

is joy."there might have But no point

Mappivie65LI in pursuing it where it never was and easily tie and untie for them in never will be found. No one ever much less time. But our doing it

HPhere are some fine distinctions to overtook anything—including happifor them wouldn't be like letting be found in the now immortal ness—by pursuing it on the wrong them learn for themselves. It is

If road. better want had we it, we liberty, "Life, pursuitphrase, the and don't to say, easy enough "Why it it is. look for where fact; Life is happiness."of an eternal progress it better?"But they do

3, 1949.—Aprilliberty, right. inalienable with But an

process. slow Andhappiness—we

is. it is just that it as wellright to pursue it! areWeofferedcan giveonlya manthe isperhapsan eternally

his liberty. He may not use it well or mpauenceip tit There may be dangers in a tookeep it long, but we can give it to him. A rapid rate of change. Perhaps from

help, can not so his happiness.But We Jftnperrect'umperfeciion our perspective almost all of us ultimately himself helpbut he has to

lives live better people's other could thisto happiness. But have all men see in Cometimes what when we live their than they for them own it. all for are lookingcommon we No done, others have wonder we lives. perone to our be perspectiveone unhappy; no wants: From

deliberately sets out to try to make a why they didn't do better. We often haps it would seem that almost

life. of his of didn't past generations Butmuddle some us wonder why every generation could solved have

in pursuit of hotly so some bemay differently. do things some When their better did. problems than they real that thing thecounterfeit kind along, improvement comes new we But before others ask weisn't why us recognized. be of Some may

looking for the right thing in the wrong wonder why someone didn't think haven't done better, we shouldn't way. And among the many misconof it sooner. We look back at forget that we ourselves haven't

this early so thing concerningceptions inventions much and compare them all yet errors. our abandoned And these: are Thatpursued money One: with presentday products and wonin perfection whenever expect we It help False. happiness.makes may der they better weren't why made the present past, the or in in friends hinder. soldor have Some it may men

with. to begin when And we in their or in strangers, happiness, but ever one our no children was own

travel that old roads a long wander it. pleasureable to That buy Two: or in people's children—or False.the happiness. as around, same You is way wonder may we why in even must rememotherourselves—we in pursuit yourself raggedcan wear the didn't men them who made that ber eternal progress procis an still in dullof up pleasure—and wake straighter. them make must But we ess that perfection ideal and is an bringsdespair. Three: fame That

happiness. False. The record eloquentremember that most things have as yet unattainable among men.

ly indicates otherwise. Four: That humble beginnings. Neither men Surely we must reach for perfection;

in farhappiness ideas, be found methods, nor must nor nor edifices surely also but should not be we it again. carryFalse with full are We born grown. Improvement places.us—or too fail impatient to find when we it. after don't sometimes have Andwe in or in people processes rarely it in as that hope it we find far in places pursuedwe've we others'—even

all at once. comes anyone And who left will othersthat benot happiness our too be impatient have we

hind. There is a long list of things that thinks he can quickly remake men when they fail to find perfection in

have helped to make men happy or quickly move the world is due us.

from which we mention these: A quiet for disappointment. We have to—April 10, 1949.

usefulconscience; work well and take men as they are and help them

willingly done; of being an awareness

wanted and needed; an earnest appreto move on from where they are.ciation of other people; conformity to \Jf LJeatk—ana or <=JLij-e

the laws of honor and of honesty, to the laws of the land and the laws of eath means different things at

God. If there were no reasonable different times to different peochance of finding happiness, we had ple: To one who has long been

just as well ring down the curtain on (Concluded on page 382)

"LJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide RADIO NETWORK THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY SUNDAY AT 11:30 A.M

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time!

JUNE 1949 381

THE SPOKEN WORD

[Concluded from page 381 ther, in whose hands we all are, here And perhaps most of us who are weary in welldoing, it may mean and hereafter. To you who have older have realized later in life thatblessed release—the sweet sorrow lost those you love, take this comsome things would have been much

of parting, but without bitterness. fort to your hearts this day: that easier for us if we had taken time

To one whom we feel has not had if a man die he shall also rise again. for them when we were younger.

a fulness of time, it is an unwelcome There is no parting in this life that Increasing responsibilities force us intruder. To all of us it is somemay not look toward another meetmore and more to care for pressing

thing which we may ultimately exing, in the Lord's own time and problems rather than pursue ourpect. But to those we love—to famplace. And neither the uncertainty own preferences. More and more

ilies,—deathfriends,is antoacutebelovedloss,companionsa sorrow ofcan lifedestroynor thethe certaintypeace of ofthosedeathin weing, arewithcrowdedless andintoless makingtime fora preliv-

that softens only with time, and the whom is found this solid assurance. paring to make one. And it is dismemory of which is never completeSaid our Lord: "I am the resurreccouraging when a man with heavy

ly erased. And when death comes tion, and the life: he that believeth obligations must try to acquire the

near, it strips from life all of its in me, though he were dead, yet training that he could have had and superficialities and puts us face to shall he live:... Believest thou this? should have had in his youth. Of

face with the meaning of things as... Yea, Lord: I believe."1 course? many men have recovered

they are. It is then that we have from a late start, successfully and

Revised is of urgentan awareness what it will be can and heroically—and 11:2527 Mohn not, whileworth what and what is often, more. But done by many -April 17, 1949.

we can take with us and what we much of what we have to do could cannot take, what matters much and have been done easier earlier. And

what matters little. There is no in looking back we can sometimes

compromising with death. It comes Ujow Lan, t Jave Jlone see how much time we wasted in

when it comes with inexorable doing things that didn't mean much.

relentless of things about thefinality the present scene so far as is much Time We is o nelifeis it is passing. that the prospect concerned. Time And can't hoard it. Welike manna:can't save

would be dark indeed except for the spends itself no matter what we do The Lord allots each day its ownit.

realitycommemorates—exceptof those events whichfor theEasterexwithand weit. can'tIt moves"save"at anyits ownpart pace,of supply. We can use it as it comes it. or let it waste away. And in making

perience of him who passed through The only part we play in its passing our choices we must remember all death to life so that all mankind is the purpose to which we put it. along the way that if we choose to

could travel a like course, into a We can waste it or use it well. We do some things, we choose in effect

touch death can more.life which can no to pass other up things—because

idle. for the grieve those whileAnd who short to fillWeit fullcanoruseleaveit forit emptythe rightand time is too do everything

departed may not altogether silence things or for the wrong things. And we would like to do. Time is the

their sorrow or leave behind their since we can't "save"it, since it is very essence of all our opportuniloneliness, they need never doubt going to pass at its own pace anyties. And we had better do earlier

that those whom death has taken, way, we had just as well decide to the things that are easier to do yet live; and that the renewal of make the most of it. Young people earlier, and not forever be living

cherished associations is part of the sometimes let the best years for our lives just a little too late.

plan and purpose of God, our Fapractice and preparation slip by.—April 24, 1949.

THE RESTORATION

By Charles A. Larson To Joseph, the Prophet, this message was To spirits who slept took the sound of his

given, voice;

HPo God in the highest give honor and How often to you hath this message been The time now has come when the spirits * glory told? imprisoned,

For prophets he sent us, his truths to unRejoice then, ye Saints of this last dispensaEach soul when released will come to refold. tion! joice.

The records kept sacred in hill of Cumorah The fulness of times ushered in by the give than to he he can more you What Lord. written sealed prophets and by theWere

given? hath old, of to all people This and message we bring

sins of fold; the into Repent your and come nations: the of salvation plan gospelContaining and If faithful true to in Father your and

in its restored. fulness of Christ gospel The latterdays. in theseTranslated Joseph by heaven,

A gift, oh, how precious, was this inspiraThen praise ye the Lord for this great In theenrolled.Lamb's Book of Life your name is tion,

restoration:

True knowledge of God and his wonderful Elijah, the prophet, to Joseph hath said; Withcalling,a spirit of love God's servants are ways.

In temples of God where the plan of salvaNow calling repentance to you and to me;

The Father and Son have revealed this tion Kind brother and friend, give heed to this from heaven Is performed by the living for those who warning

To mortals, worth more than all silver and are dead. Then some day the glory of God you shall

gold. The Master, himself, before he had risen, see.

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ALBERT EINSTEIN

(Catherine Owens Peare. Henry Holt

and Co., New York. 1949.

152 pages. $2.50.) TIHI

it isn't so strange that withMM E JS <<HAzstsCce\& Orobably in a few weeks of each other two that at least independently appublishing houses should poems—or

bring out on Albert Einstein, a book is to this reviewer BOOK OF MORMON pealedof the bestmost "God

GUIDE BOOK is a Brazilian"in which form, matter, whose rare ability is recognized (Verla L. Birrell. Birrell Book Comand expression are indissolubly wedded throughout the world. Although the

pany, P.O. Box 952, Salt Lake City, to make a cameo of delight. One of material is essentially the same, which

true, of necessity the would apbe pages. Utah. 1948. 583 is $5.00. the the touching the of most poems

is in different case proach of each and Distributed dealers by book "Killer in of the Doe."Each poem interest. difficult great the quesEven everywhere. collection has something special to is tion relativity of discussed that so

Tn this unique, comprehensive, and offer to those who read the slender even young people will be able to uncorrect study of the Book of Morbook of verse by this talented Latterderstand it. To Einstein, fame was

mon the contents of the book are so day Saint.—M. C. /. not important; but work was and is.

arranged under the topical headings as His creative imagination was what he to be a useful handbook for all who THE WESTERN had to offer the world—and this

is what all of us need to read and study the book. The text is HUMANITIES REVIEW imagination

chiefly in the words of the Book of (Published at the University of Utah, cultivate. M. C. /.

Mormon itself with dependable, simple, January 1949. Vol. Ill Number 1.) CHINA CHANGED MY MIND

and helpful comments by the author. "Oeading and Being"by Harold F. (David Morris. Houghton Mifflin,

The introductory chapters deal with Folland deserves careful attenBoston. 1949. 202 pages. $2.50.) the prophecies in the book and the tion from all who read—as well as HThe author, at the outbreak of war

all pacifist, a teach. from His conclusion helped who in England of source Mormon. the Book of Then

finally is joined that one needs with the in all and stressed Friends'to be of a discussion follows the topography Ambulance Corps, in life: which capacity avenues of the degree "... lands, the of of major Book Mormon sailed he for India his on to should China. way... be a symbol of a student's peoples, migrations minor of the and states, author is The "It unfortunate, integration hardwon within himself,

military, their governmental, and and not only that is China often judged himself his of and with fellow and men social study customs. the An interesting by that but West, any news about their history.""Nicknames the of

is then made of the types of human, Ephraimites"by Hector Lee in colChina is usually two years late reachanimal, and plant life in the western laboration with Royal Madsen brings ing the West."The author states also

hemisphere according to the Book of to light an interesting custom of nickthat the Chinese "dislike foreigners

Mormon. The ancient clothing, existnames, not limited, as the author so because of the way the latter have being artifacts, religious traditions, docclearly points out, to Ephraim which haved until recently."The book is a

trines, and practices of the people are provided a fertile field for the custom delightful exposition of the Chinese customs thinking and by one adwho consideration. chapter given to grow. One

their mires strengths smiles and helpreligious in leaders the deals the with the Saddles Iron "Utah Horse"by lessly at their weaknesses. in And Albert Zobell, L. deals Jr., chapters the seventeen form book. with The the China, author learned that he had early in railroad gives Utah, the and excellent of the altogether study an to join the army in order to live to authentic, romantic, picture yet and title, Its book. Book Mormon his of selfrespect. C. J.—M. of that great event. "The Western is justified. interBook, Those Guide THE REIGN Story"is OF also H. by Hutchinson W. in the of ested would Book Mormon

experience. an VICTORIA QUEEN this their at to well book have do comfeatures, (Hector Bolitho. Other not the least of Macmillan Co., New reference. for frequent Theremand is which a poem, "Desert York. Ride"1948. by 437 pages. $5.00.) six also twentyeight are and maps Nelson, color interest Lowry add and HPhis authoritative biography a by of the dealing charts with Book Morthis issue to of the Humanities Review. man has spent who his of many matters. discuss appendices Fourmon C. J. adult—M. in years research concerning this the of Smith and MorJoseph Book queen, will prove valuable to the careEINSTEIN the of geography of ALBERT and Bookmon ful historian fascinating and to the genEhrlich Levinger. (Elma Julian is countries. well index TheMormon eral reader will Inc., who Messner, be in engrossed York. New will the student save andmade much the story of this 1949. pages. 174 queen $2.75.) whose domestic labor. author has spent time some The

life all this is that for was written book any Although could woman wish. in Central South America and which

tells author people, The will young adults the most story of Victoria in thishas helped of arrangement Book it find fascinating in the from and helpful time she a was selfwilled material.of takes book The Mormon this learning of has so child until man comwho she died, having learned to place studiesa high published among pletely revolutionized the thinking of think in terms of empire rather than of Itof of the can be Book Mormon. the world. said Einstein someone As self. all, Best of perhaps, he makes ushighly is A. science of W. Columbus voyaging "A realize recommended.-—/. great how the was man whom through the strange sea of thought she married, Prince Albert, helped who alone."AFTERWEST WAR steer in her wisdom to intelligent leadlessons learned be Illustrated. from Many E. may Asper. (James The ership. In this book one comes to see this life. man's teachers Illinois. Press, and Prairie City, ToDecker royalty for it really is: what the comis parents there the direction finding of pages.73 $2.00.)

written mon man large—with responinterest something to the even most first this of the verse,"\\7ith volume

sibilities and tragedies that the uninterested children. of nations common To author himself assures a place would man gladly forego. is there lesson the of assuring true

spirits this the poetic of genamong This book, in addition all live its freedom to to being within who exeration. experience varied a and From cellent biography, is boundaries. people everywhere To exceptional histravel brings he freshnesswide a of is there tory the to admonition and accept weaves comthe background of asexpression as of well experience pletely the brotherhood of modern Europe and presentday eventsthat his writing event. makes an One C. clearly but J. man.—M. C. interestingly—M. J.

JUNE 1949 383 order that we can become more certain of our Selectiveness religion. We have also, if we are true Latterday

Tn the more than a century that has passed since Saints, the additional opportunity to give our the entrance of the Pioneers into Salt Lake message to others. We should then be able to

Valley, certain tendencies have had an opportunity recapture the earlyday missionary spirit when for deep rooting. Some of these tendencies could every stranger was viewed as a potential member.

well be dug up with a view to bringing a new What we say so far as people are concerned, flowering, of reshaping, or even, in some extreme we can apply to institutions and to books. Some

cases, of discarding the growth entirely. institutions outside our Church have good qualiIn the beginning of our history in Salt Lake ties that we shall be the better for understanding

Valley, the Saints were bruised and suspicious and to which we may add our enlightenment.

because of the buffeting and persecution that they Most books that are written cannot be accepted had endured at the hands of those who resented in their entirety by Latterday Saints who have the tenets of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterhad new and absolute knowledge given to them.

day Saints. The Saints were happy to be excluded Shall we let the book be thrown into the discard

from an inimical world and to be gathered together because it has one or two things to which we in a solid front where all accepted the same ideas object? Can we not teach ourselves and those

and all tried to live to the same commandments. with whom we live and work to discriminate in

And they were right, for they needed the solidartheir reading, even as we discriminate in the ity that this gave them. choice of friends and associates? It is rarely posOne hundred years later conditions have sible to find someone who is entirely free of

changed somewhat. The old principles and comfaults; it is folly to assume that the works of men

fallible should are assume who ever be so; the must are mandments same—and tions. as readers Rather must we infalliblerecognize—andproporas principles as rigid should be the adherence to

it ever was. However, people have moved among this means study of the principles which we acfactors which should be dismissed us, or we have settled among others than Lattercept—those

day Saints, if we move from what we have chosen from our minds and those which should be retained to call "the center stakes of Zion."If we have the as conducive to our better growth.

right spirit, we can do a remarkable missionary In more than a century since the Church has work among these folk, but we must have the right been established we should have learned to be spirit. It is difficult to define the right spirit in its selective, which is probably one of the best qualities

entirety, but one large part of it is expressed for to encourage in ourselves and others if life is to be

C. /. us in the Thirteenth Article of Faith and which lived and enjoyed to the full.—M.

captured a quality that we Latterday Saints sometimes overlook: Brigham Young Said:

If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report \\7e had to have faith to come here. When we met

or praiseworthy, we seek after these things. Mr. Bridger on the Big Sandy River, said he,

"Mr. Young, I would give a thousand dollars if I

Many of those who come to live with us or knew an ear of corn could be ripened in the Great among whom we live if we abide in places other Basin."Said I, "Wait eighteen months, and I will

than "the center stakes of Zion"have qualities show you many of them."Did I say this from

and ideals which it would be to our advantage to knowledge? No, it was my faith; but we had not

emulate. They likewise may have some habits the least encouragement—from natural reasoning

and ideas which we can never accept. A true and all that we could learn of this country—of its

Latterday Saint never compromises with prinsterility, its cold and frost, to believe that we could ciple, but he learns to discriminate between the ever raise anything. But we traveled on, breaking

good that lies in the person and to eliminate that the road through the mountains and building which is unworthy of acceptance. bridges until we arrived here, and then we did

The way of growth is the wise inclusion as well everything we could to sustain ourselves. We had

as the careful exclusion of ideals and ideas and faith that we could raise grain; was there any

information and habits. If we as Latterday Saints harm in this? Not at all. If we had not had faith,

have obtained any integrity within ourselves, we what would have become of us? We would have

should welcome those of different backgrounds gone down in unbelief, have closed up every from our own since we shall in this way be able resource for our sustenance and should never have to crystallize and substantiate our own beliefs in raised anything. Journal of Discourses, xiii: 1 73.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tions, priesthood and auxiliary, and by its publicaCXXXW,'. IASkick Loomed -jrir&t—tions, the Church must teach its members the

principles of the gospel. It must carry the gospel

Lkurck Of* J4ome i message to the world. It must open the doors

HPhe Church is composed of homes. Church and of salvation to the dead. Every member of the

Church must learn to understand the principles home cannot be separated. Neither one comes involved in these activities, and must devote some

first. They are one. time to one or more of these activities.

Therefore, a home not properly cared for weakHowever, this work should not be done at the ens the Church; one cared for strengthens the sacrifice of the home; it should rather stimulate

Church. The condition of the Church as a whole home activities. At times fathers and especially

is but as a reflection of the homes of the people. mothers give themselves so assiduously to the

The question, however, is asked sincerely by tasks of business or of home, that they eliminate persons who, voluntarily or under call, would diall outside activities. They become slaves to a

vide their time, wisely, between the official work daily routine, when they should be its masters.

of the Church, the assemblage of homes, and the This is not wise. The mother, as every member

work required in the home. of her household, needs change from the daily

Fathers, mothers, and children who earnestly routine of required tasks. Some time should be

strive to make a happy home are really doing found by everyone for relaxation or recreation. Church work—the most important, because it is The Church activities offer the best outlet for rethe most basic work in the Church. quired change. Some mothers, and others, sensMothers are especially important in building ing the need of change forget the opportunities

happy homes and an acceptable Church. They the Church offers, and try to find most of their

are called divinely to rear children toward maturrelease from routine duties in recreation away ity, in the spirit and practice of the gospel. Great from both home and Church. This is equally

men have always given tributes to their mothers. undesirable. It is unwise.

Mothers are the makers of men. Latterday Saints should remember that the

Note these words from President Brigham Church is so organized that all normal desires

Young: "When I reflect upon duties and responmay find expression in its program. By entersibilities devolving upon our mothers and sisters, ing heartily into this program, love for the Church

and the influence they wield, I look upon them as is not only maintained, but also increased. More- 1

the mainspring and soul of our being here."over, only homes that are active in the affairs of

This of course does not absolve the father from the Church are really happy. The Church is

parental duties. A mother who does not have ours—as homes and individuals. We should

the cooperation of her husband faces a difficult ever seek to build the Church by our individual task in her home. Cooperation of mother and efforts.

father is indispensable for full home success. The Most members of the Church are at one time

father must do his part, support the mother, and or another called to serve as teacher or officer in add to her attempts to make of the children Lattersome Church organization. This is of necessity

day Saints, and worthy citizens of Church and so in a Church without a paid ministry, in which state. the required work is done voluntarily by the memTo quote again from Brigham Young: "If bers. Naturally the most willing or most capable

parents will continually set before their children are likely to be called most frequently to such examples worthy of their imitation and the apservice.

proval of our Father in heaven, they will turn Sometimes, especially in smaller wards or stakes, the current and the tide of (the) feelings of their the same person may be called to fill several ofchildren, and they, eventually, will desire rightfices at the same time. This is not in full harmony

eousness more than evil."with the spirit of the Church, which provides

In the home lies the beginning of wisdom in that one of the functions of the Church is to help making the Church acceptable to the Lord. The develop the innate powers of all of its members.

Church, organized from the homes and for the There are usually a sufficient number of members people in them, has its special obligations and to fill offices, if they are but trusted. The weak

responsibilities. It must help provide means by become strong under the labors to which they

which the homes may function most completely. may be called. Presiding officers everywhere

It must be as arms for the fathers and mothers should distribute the work to be done among the of the many homes. Through its various organizamembers. It is often remarkable how well a backward person does work when given the opportuniscoucses of Brigham Young, p. 199.

'Ibid., p. 208. ity. (Concluded on page 398)

JUNE 1949 385 Made Especially by JANSSEN

Meals for the Multitudes A PIANO

By Mildred Bowers Hunter FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS

I. Plans

is a-IIH"highing weHo,willHeighgo! Ho,Summera campof the year. * a glorious time

The days of June, July, and August not only stimulate abundant and productive work but also impel enjoyment of the great outdoors.

Family picnics, ward outings, and

This new recipe book brings you a auxiliary activities invite frequent Specifications:

collection outstanding of the most 441/2'city parks, the visits to the Height, mounrecipes submitted leading westby 24"tains, lakes, to other the outWidth, and Mail ern homemakers. a penny

postcard or letter to Morning Milk, door recreation areas. Length, 57V2 '

P. O. Box 176-X, Salt Yake City, "What we are to eat"is of suAlso

Utah. It's free to Improvement Era preme importance to the enjoyment

readers. and success of every outing. A KRAKAUERSince 1869 SPINETS Sold Newat Macy'sYork in

ticket to lusty appetite PIANOS is a any out- * JANSSEN

For more than 100 World'sstorelargest size the of the group ing whether years.

Smooth, rich be large or small and whether the

STUART

biggest toned spinet"MORNING numberopen be ofonemealsor many.to be eaten in the RONALDGETZEN"World's BAND INSTRUMENTS....$98.50

JvllLiY Early, sound, and practical planif SOLOVOX by Hammond-<$- ning assures a happy, relaxing time Literature sent upon request

JWVWWWMrVWVnMArWUU alike.for leadersInterestingly,and groupplanningmembersfor

and the preparation and service of camp meals can be an invigorating, instructive, and enjoyable activity.

When wellorganized, the work of preparation and service of meals is distributed among many people, thus reducing the amount of effort demanded of any one person and New eliminating the drudgery for all. Pianos

The secret of executing carefully $495.00and up

developed plans is to select capable TradeinsTerms and Salt2130LakeSo.City,11th Ut.E.

project leaders and to enlist the cooperation of the entire group of SUGARHOUSE MUSIC CO.

people. This rule applies whether

the group is to include ten or one thousand people.

Let us consider factors which IPSE for OVER FIFTYMS determine what we are to eat when Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

FOLDING DOORS we go picnicking or camping: sore throat and other minor mouth

and throat irritations. Save Space

the outing of the purpose What is Eliminate project, educawelfare, Swing Area of Convenrecreational,1. work tional Type Doors tional? HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

Make Rooms Do Double Duty 2. How large is the group—10, 50, 100,

Wide Variety of Colors 500?

HEADQUARTERS FOR of kind Assure Easy, Trouble Free Oper- 3. What group—priesthood IN PHOENIX Gleaners, folks,"Scouts, "old group, ation

Write or Phone fathers and sons?

outing will the long 4. How last—one for MOTOR HOTEL for three days, meal, meals meals

one week?ALDER'S 5. Where will the outing be held—city SWIMMING1300 WESTPO OVANL FOR BURGUESTSEN1343 So. Main, Salt Lake Phone 7-1531

park, mountain recreation area, Scout RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER 386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA camp, M.I.A. Girls'Home, wilderness,

welfare field?

6. Is the camp accessible and what

kind of transportation will be needed ridewalk, in automobile or truck, ride horses, hike, When did v/t Sfoj) usingon and carry supplies?

7. What facilities for food service are

available in the camp? Is there a water

supply? Are there provisions for sanitary maintenance? What kind of stoves,

if any,, available? are proviAre there felsNapttaSoapf

forsions storage of perishable foods? Are

there tables and benches available? What

pots, pans, preparation equipment, dishes, silverware, will be needed? What is the

capacity of the facilities provided by the camp? 8. What activities are being planned

welfare work, hiking, sports, bird walk?

9. What kind of food is available and

how much will it cost? Will the food be

donated by members, be purchased from commercial sources, or will part be donated 'and part furnished?

10. How will the outing be financed?

Will the funds come from the ward or an organization budget or will the individual members contribute?

Assembling specific information in response to the above questions is the first step in planning for an outing. When the time, the place,

the budget, the kind and the size \of the group, and the source and mm kind of facilities have been determined, the menu or menus can be planned.

I laid out for this beautyAflENU planning is an important "Five bucks it looks like process. It involves more than not three months ago. Now

in a test of radioactivity...merely deciding upon a group of Exhibit A

dishes to be served at one meal. "You tried what?... Look, Honey,

The menu is the focal point around we're not running a research lab which all other associated activities for experimental chemistry. I'm all for

revolve. The purpose of any meal scientific progress but nobody's going

is twofold: first, to satisfy the nutrito play guinea pig with my best shirt.

tional needs of those being fed, and second, to satisfy the aesthetic and 'Never mind the contests and coupons

I bought you a swellsocial propensities of the group. or whathave-you.

I can still give youWhen foods are selected to prowashing machine and vide the right amount of energy and the price of the best laundry soap to use in it.

the right kind and amounts of pro- "Let's get back to fundamentals. And I

teins, minerals, and vitamins, the mean FelsNaptha Soap."

group will be adequately nourished, provided the foods are prepared with FelsNaptha Soap is the proven laundry care. The aesthetic sense is approduct for best results with all kinds

peased when the food is attractive of family wash. Get some today. Get

to the eye, has an appealing odor, gentle, quickcleaning, sneezeless and is pleasing to the taste. The soFels-Naptha Soap Chips for

cial urges of the group are usually your washing machine satisfied by their presence as one or automatic washer.

of the group.

Menus should be suitable to the occasion and as simple as is compatFOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE ible with the needs of the group, the budget, the number available to assist in the preparation of the meals, MADE IN PHILA. FelsNaptha Soap

and with the facilities at hand. Both BY FELS 8 CO. MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA

(Concluded on page 388) JUNE 1949 '387 Meals for the Multitudes

{Concluded from page 387) skilled and unskilled people may assist in the preparation and service of a simple meal. It is good management to engage the assistance of

a number of people. "Many hands

make light work."

The service of meals to large groups is an art and a precision opis designated. It is PARTY HIT! eration.ice of theUsuallymeal an hour for servYou'll score a "grand slam"with tuna patties made with wise so to plan the preparation work

that the meal is ready to be served at the appointed hour. It is assumed

that other activities will also be coordinated to the same schedule in

Tuna patties (or any order that the group will be ready other tuna dish) are alto eat when the mefal is ready to be ways delicate and deserved. Everyone is made happy by

liciouswhen made with this arrangement.

this famous quality The next step in planning is to draw up a supply list, itemizing the brand. Only the tender kinds and quantities of each food

light meat is packed. that will be needed. It is advisable

6 Always packed Vi to a oz. and necessary when planning the can. Net Contents

Contents"on "Net Look tor label menus to secure estimates of cost of time Tuna. every you buy Grated

foods in order to select a menu

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co., Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. which can be procured within the

limits of the food budget. Now

with the estimates at hand, supplies can be ordered from the agents who can provide the finest quality supplies and the most helpful services under conditions of the budget.

The plans must next be expanded to include detailed work schedules.

The use of equipment must also be scheduled. The number of people

needed for each work project can be determined ahead of time; work

space can be assigned; and a group

chairman can be designated to supervise and assume responsibility for completion of a project. The time

required to prepare each dish or to complete any other work assignment should be estimated in the interest of efficiency and conservation of work effort.

Plan, plan early for your summer outings. Spend sufficient time with

your plans. Sound planning is as

essential to the success of your program as the architect's blueprints and work specifications are to the builder in the construction of a house. "Feeding the Multitudes"can be fun when we plan to let "our heads save our heels."

Part II, in a coming issue, will include specific helps in camp meal planning. 388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JUNE 1949 389 STARKIST TUNA PATTIES

Josephine B. Nichols

SALADS

HPhis is the season for salads. Some

make a meal; some are used for

salad or dessert. They are all refreshing and delicious summer eating.SERVE 6 FOR ONLY 524!

No special ingredients needed!

Make these tasty patties for supper tonight! Tomatoes filled with Tuna Salad

Kiddies and grownups alike love them. 2 7 oz. cans tuna fish

They'll be milder, finertextured, and 1 cup chopped celery naturally better tasting if you make them 1 cup diced cucumber with StarKist Tuna, because only the Y CUP mayonnaise smaller, naturally bettertasting tuna are 1 teaspoon vinegar salt the StarKist packed under sugar brand. Buy Solid Pack or YYi teaspoonteaspoon STARKIST TUNA PATTIES

rice teaspoon cup pre - cooked % %

Vb teaspoon Fancy StarKist 1 7-oz.can peppersalt Chunk Style, StarKist tomatoeslettuce

Solid Pack (or New Chunk 2 tablespoons chopped Quality is the Same! onion Style ) Tuna Grated

flour 1 cup egg vinegar, mayonnaise, Combine salt, and tablespoons 1 chopped 2Vi tablespoon to tuna, celery, and cucumber. Add fat melted salad oil FREETUNA RECIPE or parsley BOOK sugar.

Cook rice as directed on package, combine with other Makes Menu Planning Easy Mix thoroughly. Select wellshaped toingredients except flour and oil. Shape into 6 patties, Economical, kitchentested tuna matoes; remove skins, sprinkle with salt,

dredge with flour and fry in oil or fat over medium recipes. 24page booklet! Write and chill. Cut whole tomatoes almost

heat until browned—about 5 minutes each side. Serve StarKistTuna, Terminal Island, through in six sections and spread open,

with chili sauce or ketchup. Serves 6. California, Department 6-E. flower shaped, on lettuce leaf; fill center

with tuna mixture.

Chicken Salad in Lemon Ring

3 cups cooked chicken V/2 cups chopped celery 3 sweet pickles, chopped Y teaspoon salt salad dressing

Cut chicken in cubes. Add celery, pickles,

and salt. Moisten with salad dressing.

Serve in lemon ring. JANtT BERRY FRESH H.W PECTIN Lemon Ring

flavored gelatin 1 package lemon Economica lly wi,hWX.P.i—

(For 1 Recipe) 1 Node Quickly, water cup boiled lbs.) fully (3 ripe berries var- 3 quarts any juice pineapple HERE'S WHAT iety;...Pectin; 4 lbs. sugar; M.C.P. 1 package 14 %1 tablespooncup vinegar YOU BUY! paraffin; juice for glasses; sevenounce lemon

Strawberry and Black Raspberry jams. 1 cup diced cucumber

HERE'S WHAT YOU DO! 1.layerWash,at a timestem,so andeach grindberry isberries,reducedorto crushpulp. 1 cup canned crushed pineapple

2. Measure exactly 6 level cups crushed berries into large Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add

kettle. Add water to fill out last cup, if necessary. pineapple juice and vinegar. Chill until

(NOTE: For Strawberry Jam and Black Raspberry Jam use 5% partially set. Add pineapple and cuberries fresh crushed cups 'A -cup juice.) or M.C.P. and lemon firm. until Chill cumber. on Unmold

stir Pectin, to boil, bring well, M.C.P. stirring constantly. 3. Add

of lettuce curly endive. or Fill center 8 Vj level cups sugar, previously 4. add measured, mix nest NOW,

well, bring to full rolling boil. BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINUTES. with chicken salad. Garnish with stuffed

5. Remove from lire, let boil subside, stir and skim by turns eggs.

for 5 minutes.

6. Pour into sterilized glasses, allowing 'A-inch space for

sealing with fresh paraffin.* Pennsylvania Dutch Spinach

HERE'S WHAT 14 DELICIOUS 7-OZ. 4 slices bacon, diced

cups 3 chopped raw spinach YOU GLASSES flour enriched 3 tablespoons \Yi cups hot water 'If you can'tGET!get paraffin... seal in jars instead of glasses 2 tablespoons sugar

by the "hot seal"method. 1 tablespoon vinegar

teaspoon salt THme fan pi iHonetf IN THE NEW & LARGER PACKAGE Yi2 hardcooked eggs 390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fry bacon until crisp; add bacon to

spinach. Add flour to drippings and blend

thoroughly. Add hot water, and cook

over low heat until thick, stirring constantly. Add sugar, vinegar, and seasonings. Pour over spinach. Stir well until

wilted, and garnish with sliced, hardcooked eggs.

Garden Salad Plate

1 large head cauliflower juice of 1 lemon cucumber avocado cooked chilled asparagus spears tomatoes endive French dressing

Remove large leaves and part of stem from cauliflower. Place, stem down, in

small amount of boiling water; add lemon

juice. Cover. Cook until just tender; (don't

overcook) drain. Sprinkle with French

dressing and chill thoroughly. Arrange

crisp endive on large chop plate. Place

cauliflower in center, surround with sliced cucumbers, wedges of avocado, tomato slices, and asparagus spears. Serve with

French dressing.

Frozen Fruit Salad

1 package Philadelphia cream cheese 14 cup mayonnaise 1 cup whipping cream }/2 cup graded pineapple (drained)

J4 cup pecans 34 cup chopped maraschino cherries 1 banana, mashed

Work cheese until soft and pliable, gradually work in mayonnaise: Add

drained pineapple, pecans, cherries, and Sego Milk is that Kind of Milk.banana. cream. Pour Fold into whipped

into freezing tray. Let stand in refrigerator It is always uniformly rich in the food substances of

until frozen. Cut in squares and serve on whole milk, always easy to digest, fortified with the

crisp lettuce. pure crystalline vitamin D that baby needs—is always

as surely safe as if there were no germ of disease in

Spring Salad Bowl the world.

1 head lettuce Sego Milk, the west's first evaporated milk—a stand-

2 tomatoes, cut in wedges ard of highest quality for more than 45 years—a

1 sliced cucumber, yet, costs lessY2 green pepper, cut in narrow strips favored form of milk for babies—

generally than any other form of milk.

Rub salad bowl with one cut clove of certifies all seal certifies that the statements that WisconThisgarlic. in pieces. broken ArThis Add lettuce

sin here Foundation Sego Milk have Research about made Alumniseal lettuce.range vegetables with over Season as true tests periodic to accepted determine the been by Counmakes

diluted with Nutrition of the that Milk Sego an equal on Foods andsalt. Toss lightly with tart French dressing. cil

gives Association. of always water Medical American you amount

400 units of vitamin D per quart.

French Dressing Free to Mothers!

salt teaspoonx/2 1 teaspoon sugar This beautiful 64page illustrated book that makes 34 teaspoon paprika it easier for you to care for and train your baby.

34 cup cider vinegar Dozens of the most important questions about the x/2 cup salad oil care and training of your baby are answered in this 2 tablespoons catsup doctor. a wellknown book. Approved by handy

1 tablespoon chopped green onion west. enthusiastically all over the mothers Praised by

Combine salt, sugar, and paprika in Send for your free copy of this helpful book today.

glass jar. Add vinegar and oil. Shake Address Dept. E-9-

thoroughly. Add catsup and onion. Shake

before using. SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.—Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1949 Stake Priesthood Approval \A(V ri =5K oi Ordinations

Tn modern revelation the Lord has provided that all ordinations to the The following were selected and set priesthood receive the vote of the 385th Quorum of Seventy apart as the presidency: R. Leo Rallicon- individuals the to whichChurch

It has been thecerned belong. apOrganized son,Tingey,WilfordH. CleveW. Hansen,Kirkham,WendellWillis A.B.

proved practice for many years that all T17ith the creation of the 385th quoAnderson, Alvin Davis, and Oral J.

ordinations to and within the Melchizerum of Seventy on May 12, 1949, Nuttall.

sustaining the receive Priesthooddek Stake, the Logan in the Mount total The membership of the original quoof the of the priesthoodvote operating of actively quorums stake at number regular monthly Melchizedek Priestof seventy is 337. This newest quorum are the seventies living in the

hood meetings or quarterly stake conrum was organized by President MilLogan Eighth, Providence First, Provferences. ton R. Hunter of the First Council of idence Second, and River Heights

During the war when travel was mathe Seventy through a division of the wards. Chosen as their new presiterially restricted, it was permissible 32nd quorum of seventy. dency were the following: Harvey B.

by way of exception in scattered stakes Seventies residing in the Logan SevCampbell, Lynn E. Jenkins, Floyd V.

to present such matters before the enth, Logan Eleventh, and Logan Cornaby, Bryce N. Wadley, Grant R.

monthly stake priesthood leadership Thirteenth wards will comprise the Lamb, Grant Matthews, and Alma L.

meeting for approval. Unfortunately membership of the newlyformed unit. Barfuss.

this practice still persists to some extent with the resultant discontinuance that strongly the priesthood is sucwhen regular monthlyof the stake MelchizeVitalizing Monthly Stake cessful the then whole Church program meeting. Priesthooddek will height of reach achievement and a new

After some extended consideration Priesthood Meetings success.

of section twenty of the Doctrine and "Cor some time now in the San BerCovenants as well as volume II, pp. nardino Stake a new approach to It is of especial interest to learn that

394 and 395 of the Documentary Hissuccessful monthly stake priesthood at the April meeting over one hundred tory of the Church, the Council of the meetings has been in operation. Readditional members were in attendance

Twelve approved the following: cent reports indicate that gratifying more than any priesthood meeting in

Under present conditions, the vote results are being achieved. Concernthe entire history of the stake. Twentyof the people required, as a condition ing the general program, President nine of those present were adult memprecedent to ordination to any office Vern R. Peel has the following to say: bers of the Aaronic Priesthood. Since

in the Melchizedek Priesthood, should this meeting several of the bishops be gained in one or the other of the May I say with reference to the priesthave reported that these same adult following ways: hood itself, that for as long as I can rememmembers are coming with their families

to the priestthe meetings ber I that it said on heard have ward Sunday where 1. At a stake priesthood meeting or

of the the Church, but backbone hood before. was they never had come

2. At a general session of a stake too often I have found that it was relegated Details of this rather unique venture

quarterly conference. to the background. We are determined in have been outlined in a recent report

first it shall that that stake and our come the Dyal, of chairman Donald by W.

striving. for are the objective which we presidents this Bernardino priesthood stake Stake connection In San comto priesthood the trying a are make Weis of necessity of It the is mittee. reminded interesting beshould that to note

it atinteresting, real brotherhood; make meeting priesthood stakeholding monthly a this successfully function one combines It satisfying. tractive, important, and

leadership meeting, as priesthood a wellas Priestthe stake monthly Melchizedek its objectiveness of pinnacle reaches the in instructions the Melin with accordance the meeting, monthly hood quorum it individuals hearts of the penetrates when beginning Priesthood Handbook,chizedek the business meeting stake Meland live be righteously to them and and moves should presidents 37. Stakewith page

material, physical, the chizedek Priesthood leadership and with concerned meetthe to discontinuelikewise advised be their priesthood of fellow spiritual welfare ing. reBrother Excerpts from Dyal's practice prevalent increasinglyseemingly

port follow: promembers. of brethren presentingof the names

In an attempt to bring home its real to offices in the Melfor ordinationposed chizedek Priesthood at priesthood leadervalue to the priesthood in our stake we We meet on the third Saturday night of ship meeting sessions. have changed the setting of our stake each month at 6:30, at which time all the

priesthood meeting by the entire priestMelchizedek Priesthood of the stake are

It is further recommended that the candihood sitting down to dinner together in an expected to be in attendance, together date should be present when sustained for atmosphere of real fellowship and a spirit with the adult members of the Aaronic the unof priesthood offices toordination Priesthood. beginhour for one which brotherhood of genuine we feel sure We meet president, the stake ofless, in the judgment dinner, prayer, songs, toning with fellowship hearts of our priesthood will bind the

his presence might be waived. gether. We want this to be more deeply and a very short program, after which we

satisfying than any setting they might conduct the business of the stake as perThe foregoing instructions are exenjoy or organization they might meet taining to priesthood procedure.

plicit and emphasize the necessity of with outside of the Church. Here, we sing At 7:30 we separate into quorums under

conducting monthly stake Melchizedek together, we pray together, we eat tothe leadership and direction of the quorum transact only together (with presidencies, they not where are entertained wePriesthood meetings (or quarterly in gether, the business divide the priestof quorums, but quality program from a brief but widely scattered stakes) for the purhood itself), we handle our stake business their three standing committees and receiveinto pose of caring for such matters of while together, and then we go into our instruction from the quorum presidencies.

business as priesthood ordinations. The quorum meetings and leadership departAt 8:30 we then separate into our monthpractice of obtaining approval at ments. May we emphasize that in placing ly priesthood leadership meeting where we

priesthood leadership meetings is to be the priesthood first we are not ignoring the meet under the direction of the stake discontinued. rest of the Church program, but feel very Melchizedek Priesthood committee until

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on they are commonly called—play

and on hoping ultimately to win. And

so fascinated do vast numbers of players become that they are practically helpless victims of "slot machinitis."In the long run no player

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE of the machine ever wins. Slot maTWELVE HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARK E. PETERSEN, chines are made to give the sucker a

HENRY D. MOYLE, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, break, but no more than is necessary

L. R. IVINS, EVANS, RICHARD EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE SONNE, LEVIALMA the artiplaying! OSCAR A. to keep him To keep

R. R. BRUCE YOUNG, HUNTER, KIRKHAM, MILTON S. DILWORTH MC CONKIE tells Collier's of reality, cle realm in the

of a number of heartbreaking cases, committee, Priesthood the necessity of of Melchizedek the eliminates9:15. This

Relief Society in turn notifies the afternoons how relating how wellto-do, fine men andmeeting and the on Sunday who program has received outstanding support many are to be served.... women, some of them wealthy, became

and enthusiasm. We feel that we have been blessed with penniless and suicides.

We have eleven wards and branches in an excellent response to our efforts to proProbably no one can read the artthe stake and the various ward Relief Sovide fellowship and real brotherhood among icle without becoming convinced that cieties rotate the preparation of the dinner, many who have never before been in a the slot machine racket is a widespread so as you can see, they have this responstake priesthood meeting in San Bernardino evil of the first magnitude and should sibility but once each year and, therefore, Stake. The program was devised primarily be eliminated. But efforts to do this

this does not impose a hardship upon any to interest inactive members and adult meet with the stiffest kind of opposof them. members of the Aaronic Priesthood, and in ition because the business is extremeSaint Latterday our have asked this respect, so far, has been very successWe ly profitable to the owners who aregirls'all of ful. committee from of the wards

the stake to meet with their stake leaders willing to pay high license charges this night and then in turn provide the Contrary to instructions some stakes and big bribery and corrupting sums serving of the dinner. They, too, eat in have discontinued holding monthly in order to carry on. Units of civiltheir own room and then continue with stake priesthood meetings. This tends government—cities, counties, states

their meeting. it leadership in all monthly get In to order money. need effectiveness the materially to weaken

is the of furnished dinner each by The perare sometimes they an way, easy within a the of priesthood program fifty cents.brethren paying The money slot license legalize the to suaded and stake. challenge vigorous is a Hereis reservations collected are and by made persuasive argument machine. One that conducted meetings can be such secprior presidencies the tothe quorum

is is here slot the that machine used entire vital in the to serve a purpose time of at month, each whichond Sunday if to operate to not permitted stay and to the program. priesthood reservations secretary telephonethey

openly it will go underground and governments will get no income but laxity of law enforcement officers, will be under expense in efforts to

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO calling attention to existing unchecked enforce the law.

evils and standing fearless for clean, This is a devilinspired argument. COLUMN

Conducted by honest government in all departments Why have any laws at all? The devil

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill of the public service. This column and his agents are never lawabiding.

feels that the paper has proved its No law is selfenforced. For selfpro-

worthiness of the hearty support of tection we must have laws and must

A Good Service Rendered all the good people of Idaho. see that they are enforced. No government, could exist withno community, Idaho number of The""Phe March

that out them. But most communities the Idaho Collier's and the Slot Machine reported Challenge how

legislators voted on six of the moral jollier's magazine for February 19, legalize the slot machine have learned issues that came to a vote. The Chal1949, published a very interesting to their sorrow of their mistake and

lenge is a monthly publication fearand informative article on the slot mahave tried to correct it. Let anyone

lessly devoted to the "interests of chine racket that is an eye opener to go to the state of Idaho for examples.

temperance, law enforcement, and most laymen. It should be read by The slot machine brings no money or

good citizenship"and in a sense is everyone, especially those living in a other values into the community, but the voice of the Idaho Civic Forces, community where the slot machine takes much of these out of the comfor it is the organ of this association. question is an issue. One startling munity. If people pour their money

The L. D. S. stakes in Idaho are afthing, according to the article, is the into slots, they cannot spend it for

filiated with the civic forces, as are almost unbelievable magnitude of the goods and services. Hence legitimatea considerable number of other groups slot machine business in this country. businesses suffer—a fact experience

—churches, ParentTeachers'AssociaDuring last year, about three billion clearly proves.

fortion, and Farmers'Grange,—that want (yes, billion) dollars were poured into The argument above referred to

good morals vigorously enforced. some 200,000 slot machines. Notwithlegalizing slot machines was the arguTo know how their legislative restanding the fact the machine is outment for repeal of prohibition laws

presentatives vote on important bills lawed in fortysix states, the article coupled with the assertion that morals especially those relating to morals asserts it is openly operated in tens do not come by legislation. It is ceris important knowledge that every of thousands of taverns, restaurants, tain, however, that morals are protectright-minded citizen prizes. This gas stations, grocery stores, and gamed by good, enforced laws. When

knowledge enables him to support in bling halls all over the country. the environment is clean and wholeelections those candidates that will, It has become the world's most efsome and temptations removed, there

if elected, truly represent him. ficient gambling machine. It never is less wickedness and crime. No one

The Idaho Challenge has rendered loses for the owner. This has been ever falls over a precipice who does

a most worthwhile service to the proved by tests scientifically made. not get near one.

good people of the state by exposing Yet selfdeluded multitudes who opAccording to Collier's, lawenforce- the ways of the underworld, the erate these onearmed bandits—as (Concluded on page 413)

JUNE 1949 393

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY Bear Lake Stake Youthful Successes

JULY 1949 Teach by Example Are your lessons a true reflection of your beliefs? And still more

important, are they a reflection of your actions in daily conduct? Must

you tell your friends, your students, what you believe in; how strong your

faith is; how sure and immovable

your testimony of the gospel?

Teachers who believe and practise what they teach, who have faith in the Lord, who love truth, do not have to tell of these things—it is impossible

to keep them secret. Our actions are

the billboards of character, while our This enthusiastic group of young people from the Bear Lake Stake set an average of ninetyeight words may often be like "sounding percentyoung menaverageand theattendanceyoung womenat priesthoodduring 1948.meeting for the young men, and at sacrament meeting for the

brass or a tinkling cymbal."According to J. P. Patterson, secretary of the Bear Lake Aaronic Priesthood committee, all of these

The teacher who does not live as he youngMaypeoplethe payyearsa aheadfull tithingfind themand observeas loyaltheto WordChurchof Wisdom.standards and as happy in well doing as they

teaches others to live, fools no one. appear now.

Students are very quick to discern insincerity, observe inconsistency. conversation,"would aid immeasurably

Students seem to have an inherent in ridding life of one of its most useless dislike for the person who teaches and destructive pastimes—the employIhe HalfWay Mark

one way and lives another. And so ment of words in deception, chatter, The month of June is number

they should! It is unsafe to follow a and idle gossip. He would leave all six—there are six more to go

person who leads a double life. who heard his words the richer bein 1949. You are onehalf of the

Edgar A. Guest's summation of the cause of his contribution. He would way to the finish line—whichpower of example vs. words alone speak well of everyone or withhold his line?—failure or success?

his in could opinions. is bein teaching, Anyone forceful: the to the time check Now is

his of consubject presence, or be the of progress measure your and I'd rather see a fear sermon than hear one versation, of offense. without the spots. strengthen The weak day; any

of the can we say What I'd rather teacher midyear is invaluable checkup should one in charity"? example is "an... walk with me than who tell merely the way. since there is half the

He is the living symbol of everything in which to make up deficiencies.time left

The Apostle Paul wrote to Timothy Jesus stood for. How much of charity

and gave instructions which have is there in your makeup, teacher?

application to every teacher in the Compare your life with a careful read- "an example... in purity."Perhaps

Church ing of I Corinthians, chapter 13. Be nothing could single a teacher out more

... be thou an example of the believers, honest in your analysis and you may than the silhouette of a pure heart

in word, in conversation, in charity, in be a better teacher from this moment against the backdrop of world corspirit, in faith, in purity. (I Timothy 4:12.) on. ruption. Jesus assured "the pure in

"An example... in spirit"would set heart"that "they shall see God."RealIt would be impossible for a teacher a teacher apart as one who is humble; ly, could anyone else hope to see him,

to be an example in the cross section one who is prayerful; whose soul seems and endure his presence?

of teaching standards enumerated always in tune with the powers of by Paul and, at the same time, be heaven; whose very presence is reSomething to Think About

found inconsistent in his daily living freshing, comforting, uplifting, inspirExample is more forcible than precept.

and habits. ing. People look at my six days in the week to

What does it mean to be "an examThe teacher who is "an example... see what I mean on the seventh. Richard

ple... in word"? A teacher would in faith"is one of the Lord's rarest Cecil.

guard well his words lest a student servants indeed. He can see, where Teachers, your students will know

take license from his unbecoming lead. others grope; he trusts, when others more about what you say in the classProfanity, obscene stories, and other doubt; he is unafraid, when others room by what they see and know of

degenerating language habits, would shrink in fear; he gives thanks, when you outside the classroom. Your acnever cross the lips of such teacher others complain—find fault. Students tions will always command, and rehe would never have to "be careful"follow him as they follow light in darkceive, more attention than your words.

about what he said—he would have ness. Faith is the compass of life—its When actions and words blend in peronly to be natural to be a good examdirections are unalterably associated fect harmony—well, was not this the

ple "in word."with all progress in righteousness. way Jesus taught?

A teacher being "an example... in Blessed soul, that teacher who is—L. A. P.

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JffgII Cdited bu eJee. J4. /-'air,mer

BitiopBe r DEALING WITH THE ABSENTEE MEMBER Priesthood Assignments Defined

Aaronic Priesthood gotten if his leaders manifest no Ctake and ward committees are urged interest. to keep close watch on the matter

Only those Church activities actualof priesthood assignments. There will

Dealing With the Absentee ly reported by the absentee can go to be no difficulty if the Aaronic Priest- r is used as a guide. J"lHE elimination of what has been the credit of the quorum record, or hood Handbook

for priests, for known as "the Standard Quorum to his individual record. No pro rata Priesthood assignments

Award enrolment"for 1949, has raised records of activity are acceptable. teachers, and deacons, are listed in

some questions from local leaders. "We realize that some of our young the Handbook on pages 6567. Only

This is not a death blow as some have men are stationed at locations where the assignments listed are to be recogsuggested. It simply means that instead there are no Church activities whatever nized in quorum records or in indiof making it easy to forget all about available to them. If it were not for vidual records looking to the awards.

this fact, facts the for of other and living the fellowmember from away Fast and Teaching Ward sort, illness, general as such same penalty without the home, to quorum, Collections Offering condiisolation of weather because are to obliged in keep touch now we definiof special offer a word etc., tions, requirements the award We his him, ascertain the with extent of

visits teaching concerning tion ward are. higher they than be would much activities, give the and quorum, and offerings fast of collection by the and

individual, credit. the the Attitude proper Depends So on Of Much RegardPriesthood members: Aaronic

it is course, more when last general the conference During work—but visited families of the less of number

it ever soul? to save easy a was To this of of discussion in the a Church, in caeither the month, during one

soul all lose effort requires a at no requirements the of phase award new gathering of or teaching of pacity ward different. to save but presifor 1949, Waite, William Noble one—that's is offerings, the quorum member fast

We're out to save souls. dent of the South Los Angeles Stake, receive credit for one priesthood asto

Credits for the Absentee was heard to say, in the office of the signment filled. Under no circumPresiding Bishopric—"We will either stances is a member to be given

The Presiding Bishop's Office supqualify every quorum in our stake for credit for filling a priesthood assignplies a reportreturn-envelope form 1949, in spite of the increased requirement for each family visited.

for the bishop's use in contacting each ments, or we will know the reason

Aaronic Priesthood absentee each why."When asked how his leaders Checkup Suggested

month. If the form is used regularly, were taking to the increased requireWe suggest this matter be given

the quorum will receive credit for all ments, President Waite replied—-"Our careful attention in the Aaronic Priestactivities reported by the member leaders like the challenge of higher hood department of your next stake

living away from home. Of course, if goals."priesthood leadership meeting. The

no use is made either of this particular So much depends on attitude. The giving of credit for the performance

form or any other, in contacting ab1949 record will be an interesting of any assignment not listed in the sentees, the quorum record suffers. barometer on the attitudes of Aaronic latest Aaronic Priesthood Handbook,

But most regrettable, the boy living Priesthood leaders throughout the pages 6567, should be corrected and away from home is made to feel forChurch. discontinued.

North Sanpete Stake Aaronic Priesthood Members Enjoy "The Second Mile"

The North Sanpete Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee decided to find out how many young men could measure up to standards even higher than the requirements of the Individual Certificate of Award issued by the Presiding Bishopric.

The above lads supplied the answer. Their outstanding record of individual achievement during

1948 was in excess of the following minimum stake committee requirements: (1) Ninety percent attendance at priesthood meeting; (2) Seventyfive percent attendance at sacrament meeting; (3) Revive

one or more inactive members; (4) Present a complete plan for quorum activity during the coming

year. The remaining requirements were those of the

Presiding Bishop's Office Individual Certificate of

Award.

What was the special recognition? A 5"by 7"

photograph of each individual, framed, to be kept on display in the meetinghouse for one year and then given to the boy.

President Golden D. Carlston of the stake presidency is chairman of the stake Aaronic Priesthood

committee, with Loyal Graham as executive chairman.

Young men in North Sanpete are learning early in life, the joy of traveling "the second mile"—doing more than is required—going beyond the line

of duty.

JUNE 1949 395 Sound Training k

the birthplace ofEssential to Success IDENTIFICATION IN WALES Since Harlech, above Elizabeth Morris is actually

By David E. Gardner in the parish of Llandanwg, and it

in that a the daughter was known is of great imporIdentification Peters, family the was named Mary is Especially in genealogy. tance Your Church extracted census above worth was

this true of because in Wales, considering. Genealogists are aware

in that it is customary North Wales University thethe samedifferentpersonsurnamesmay beunderlisted.which to to revert their maiden for widows

Society Genealogical was The surnames. So was this Elizabeth

tracing the theoffers you that training in 43 degiven problem of Morris, age 86, widow of a weaver, partments of instruction. ancestry of one Elizabeth Morris. identical with our Mrs. Elizabeth

She was married to Peter Hughes

Character building also receives June 30, 1792, and they were the Hughes whose maiden name was its proper emphasis. parents of a son David Peters (born Elizabeth Morris.

1810, at Llanfihangel-y-Traethau, To clarify this, a certified death

Summer Quarter Starts North Wales) and a daughter entry stating the name of her late needed. In England husband was Peters. Mary June 13 Districts Registration Wales, In that place no birth record of an and

Elizabeth Morris could be found. of Deaths are set up in the nearest

Second Term Begins But, in the next village of Llandlarge town, incorporating upwards

July 25 anwg there was christened August of forty villages in each district.

7, 1764, an Elizabeth Morris, When the village of death is reasondaughter of Morris Rees. Was this ably certain, then a search can be

the ancestor in question? made in the District Register Office;

at search a was made this question more therefore answer ToCatalogues are now available for office for Effestiniog, central the facts needed. were

the 1949 Summer Quarter and for Peter Hughes had died in 1835, Llanfair, where Elizabeth Morris, the 194950 school year. and his widow was said to have widow, had been recorded in the

died in 1853. So a search was made 1851 census.

Write for your copies at Somerset House in the volumiSuccess was the reward for this "Y"PRESS nous index to death records for the careful analysis, in our obtaining the whole of England and Wales. Unfollowing death record:

of deaths entered persons many Died on 13 at TynJuly 1853 that Elizabeth it was Hughes BRIGHAM namedder the year 1853 there were so llidiart, Llanfair, Merionethimpossible to determine which one shire, Elizabeth Hughes, aged YOUNG might refer to the individual we 88 years, widow of Peder*

UNIVERSITY wereTheseeking.next step was to search the Hughes, a weaver.

PROVO, UTAH CensusOffice. ofIt 1851was reasonedin the PublicthatRecordif she This was positively our Elizabeth

were still living in 1853 she should Hughes and harmonized with all the be listed in the census of 1851 in known facts. The place of her

the village of her residence. No death also proved her to be identical

Elizabeth Hughes was found of her with the Elizabeth Morris of the

HOTEL LANKERSHIM probable age, however, in either census of 1851, who was born 7th MODERATEft BROADWAYBATES Llanfihangel-y-Traethaui or Llandabout 1764 in Llandanwg parish,

Headquarters FRANK forR. WISHON,L. D. S. inOperatorLos Angeles anwg. So the search was extended and also established her identity

RAY H. BECKETT, Mananer to nearby villages, still without sucwith the child christened August 7,

LOS ANGELES cess. But there was an entry found 1764, as Elizabeth, daughter of TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'in the adjacent village of Llanfair Morris Rees.

that appeared significant. It read Besides this, our problem illusthus: trates that many persons in Wales

their obtained the surnames from Library Should Include Your their father. of given name Thus IN THE GOSPEL NET LlanfairElizabethVillage,Motrris,Tynllidiartaged 86, widowFarm: of a

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE weaver, born at Harlech and her David, the son of Peter Hughes was

A story of faith, devotion and, daughter, Mary Petter,* aged 56, a known as David Peters, and Elizafinally, happiness. spinster. beth, daughter of Morris Rees was

$1.75 at all western bookstores 'Spelling of name as it appeared on record. known as Elizabeth Morris.

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (/Sook f/ewd for the (/Sook- \JViide about THE BOOK OF MORMON cornerstone of the rsedtorea (uotpel

THE TRIPLE COMBINATION

BOOK OF MORMON DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

Gilt edge, leather binding, new printing. Now available. Two, large, new editions, printed

in the East are being delivered this month.

$7.50 BOOK OF MORMON ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF THE

Library Edition $2.00 MAYAS $3.00

JAKEMAN By M. WELLS Missionary- - $1.00 of ancient inhabstudy

(By Mail SI.25) Aitantsscientific,of the Americas.archaelogical

OUR BOOK OF MORMON $2.50

B. DR. SIDNEY By SPERRY $2.25 BABEL CUMORAH TO

this of scripture of Analysis each part, inFROM and J. A. By and J. N. WASHBURN

cluding its great religious concepts.

applications. for with modern youth The story

A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN $1.50 $2.50 CUMORAH—WHERE? AMERICA STUART FERGUSON By THOMAS Ph.D. By FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM.

studied from many problem Book of Mormon A Historical facts the about Book of Mormon, angles. origin, translation, explanations of others appraised.its

Illuminating appendix.

STORIES FROM THE BOOK OF METAL RECORD PLATES IN AN50c TIMES $2.00 CIENT MORMON L. By ARIEL CROWLEY HILL By THERESA SNOW important problem. of exposition an A significant of People and events of the Book Mormon come

vividly to life.

A VOICE FROM THE DUST $4.00 A CHRONOLOGY OF THE BOOK

Compiled B. DEE by GENET 75c

-with text numerous The Book of Mormon illuminatOF MORMONBy WENDELL O. RICH

ing illustrations. Very popular with youth. A helpful, graphic chart helps visualize relationSTORY OF THE BOOK OF MORships.

MON $3.00 THE AMERICAS BEFORE By FLORENCE PIERCE

$5.00 Text of Book of Mormon with illustrations of AmeriCOLUMBUS

can ruins. By DEWEY FARNSWORTH

CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE $2.25 text300 picturesselected ofbyarchaelogicalthe author. ruins with explanatory

By E. CECIL MCGAVIN

Commentary upon the history and moot points about BOOK OF MORMON GUIDE the Book of Mormon.

BOOK $5.00 THE GOLDEN PLATES $2.50 By VERLA BIRRELL

By FLORENCE PIERCE Compilation of data, charts, archaeology, customs,

Facts about the ancient record. relating to ancient American peoples.

In Utah Add 2% Sales Tax DESERET44 East South Temple Street All prices BOOKare subject to change without COMPANYnotice. Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me the following books:

Name Address.

Cash herewith (We pay postage when cash accompanies the order.)

JUNE 1949 397

whether the person called may be Evidences and Reconciliations honorably released from service.

( Concluded from page 385 By such a procedure there will be

It is when a person, especially a no interference with home duties;% BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGAN mother, is called to several offices, no person be overworked in the

that the question at the head of this sacred cause of home and Church;

writing appears. No one refuses, or all who are able will have the

should refuse, a Church call. Every blessed opportunity to serve in

member of the Church, however building the kingdom of God on heavy the duties of home or busiearth.

ness may be, could no doubt be acEvery member of the Church tive in one Church activity. Should should divide his time wisely beanother call come, the person so tween Church and home. He should

called has the right to lay before be careful not to neglect either.

the presiding officer the conditions Both are parts of the Lord's great

THESE BALDWIN ofthe hisrightlife. toThen,call thewillonedeterminewho has plan of salvation for his—/.children.A. W.

DEALERS are ready to serve you The Fort on the Firing Line darkness from the other side of the moaning stream, begging them to vicinity. in your page 380) {Continued from own the boat. over with made They come tobank a sand him up dragged Ask demonstration for a unnecesanswer, no no light, and no bullets while willows, the wards

lifted Lyfrom the cliff whined into the sand sary noise. When they

man on his horse, he fainted with around them as fast as the thieves could shoot. pain, and they had to hold him in

while slowthey the saddle moved UTAH cover, the reached men When ly off wall east to climb the rugged SALT got they of breath, out LAKE CITY panting and

PalmerWatkins-Clark safely out of sight and lay still till of the gorge and head slowly away

Music Company dark. As soon as the night was too into the dry shadscale desert to60 East First South thick for them to be seen, they gathwards Bluff a hundred miles disered their horses and packed up, tant.

( To be continued OGDEN while the thieves called through the

PalmerWatkins-Clark Music acquaintances—shiny ". Their Company Mission to Polynesia likehair, oldtheir smiles, their snowwhite 1518 Blvd. Washington

( Continued from page 371 teeth, their color and facial characteristics like "precisely"those were out. find of to heard had hours He familiar he in had the been with SandIt the that mutineers here Tubuai. was Islands. wich they alongcame When fled spent had and of Bounty H.M.S. IDAHO side the of one natives and started to

to going before several on months the plate, chain mount Addison BOISE his Returning to Island. Pitcairn's shouted, his "Aroha"and held out

fell asleep, berth, but about soon he Boise Music Appliance Co. & right it hand. Taking hold of with

later he awakened hours by was two 211 No. 8th Street great it the native warmth shook with

his in the of sensation strange palm a cordiality peculiar to the Polynesians, it a right hand. what wondered He the greeting and repeated times. many IDAHO FALLS meant.

so, as did the he sensation And which

George R. Larsen After daylight the whaler ran down had awakened Addison that morning,

Idaho Falls, Idaho along the barrier reef which encircles returned to his hand, then spread until the island, and lay to. Soon an outhe felt it through his whole being.

POCATELLO riggerpushed canoe,off frommannedshore byandtwoheadednatives,toDidchosenthisthismeanisland thatfor thethe introductionLord had

Fawson Music Company ward the ship. Addison turned a spyof the gospel to the natives of the

138 North Main St. glass on the men in the vaa. Then his South Seas?

heart "did leap for joy, for they looked (To be continued)

REXBURG George R. Larsen Dawn's Choice with as he will. To spend in wast35 College Ave. ing or learning, in delight or de-

(Concluded page from 375) at bauchery, the of and the end parcel of I gathered undermy it day he brings to back never God, into the step with standing and fell again to be able to change one hour others, but as I reached the basket, no other choice until another MONTANA I found my arms were full, and my—and

BUTTE package grew larger. For this I dawning, while the soft shadows of

Len Waters Music Company understood. night bring peace and happiness, or

119 North Main Street At the beginning of dawn to sorrow and despair.

each man is given a new day to do How do you choose at dawning?

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA; $ijkJt% $iJtJt&JtJtJ?

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, CINCINNATI 2, OHIO BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

JUNE 1949 399 The Right Age to Marry F COURSE, ITS ELECTR/c/ (Continued from page 369) has been extremely lonely, and I have often wondered whether she and her husband would have been better off to have waited. Was the

strain of early marriage, of founding

education too much for Jim's noneTHERE IS a home, and of trying to finish an toostrong body? that the Was

an extra cause of his early death? Would

they have done better to have measure of happiwaited? Or—is she extremely lucky

ness ahead when to have married when she did and the new home is have had her husband and children as the background of a life equipped with which, while lonely and strenuous,

Electric Servants. has been much more satisfying than

if she had not married at all and had JUNE had no children? Perhaps Jim would

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. haveand itdiedis uselessanyway.to speculateNo one knows,except

to point up the fact that since foresight is quite impossible, hindsight also has little value in arriving at an estimate of the right age to marry.

Yet I feel that it would be well to try to make such an estimate be- A $100 NYLON cause statistics prove that there is something terribly wrong with some AirConditioning Underwear rapidly, and this growth has been Unit A Mailable marriages. Divorce is increasing

which is easily installed, will progreatest during a period that has vide comfort for the average For been marked also by a tendency to

CHURCH OR HOME marry earlier and earlier. Is there

some connection between early marriage and increased divorce? I don't Summer and Winter MEN and

IT SHOULD INCREASE know. But if there is, then it would

to seem be idea a good to delay marCHURCH little. riage a thinking person No WOMEN

Summer Attendance, is in favor of postponing marriage

Winter Attendance for many years, especially if the and Service Effectiveness reasons are completely selfish and

Substantially valueless, but recently I have heard

For treatise complete Conditionon Air for ing Churches mail or Homes, name various people talk in favor of, what in $1.00 address with currency, and at seems to me, extremely early marrisk, lc obtain P.O. receipt if you a my

for your letter, to riage. I have felt in every case that

H. J. JOHNSON this talk was merely a reflection of

Air Conditioning Consultant the idea, expressed in current maga- P. O. Lock Drawer 1044 Omaha 1, Neb.

zine articles, that much of the imName morality in the world today is due Address to delayed marriage. If this is the

City main reason for advocating teenage

State marriage, then I feel that we have

Check which—Church Home not only "put the cart before the

If both, include $2.00, please

horse"but have also fitted the horse with hobbles and blinders.

If it is true—and I believe it to be

Delicious so—that many young people today SUNVISTA are greatly overstimulated, then BLACKEYED PEAS

BUTTER BEANS grown people should do their best

BABY LIMA BEANS PINTO BEANS not to rush the young into marriage

QmpMvsjmsinL jwl GREENPINTO BEANSCHILI PEPPERSWITH PORK—but to remove some of the stimAt Your Grocers {Continued on page 402)

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PUBLISHED RECENTLY FAVORITES

A NEW WITNESS

FOR CHRIST GEMS OF THOUGHT Compiled and arranged by MILTON R. HUNTER IN AMERICA

$1.00 $25

Here's an upto-date explanation of Church

. doctrines.. rich, beautiful messages by By DR. FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM

our General Authorities have accurately been will enseekers truth Religious compiled from The Deseret Church News all 510 the of reading Secjoy tion, Improvement Era and conference reports.

Dr. John this book. of pages

A. Widtsoe remarks... "the

historical proof has never been presented more fully or con-..."LATTERDAY vincingly OF THE BOOK THE STORY

PROPHETS SPEAK OF MORMON By DANIEL H. LUDLOW $3 00 $4.00 By FLORENCE PIERCE

Highly informative! Presents

of the history in the story form with doctrinal that's packed book A... peoples American teachancient of the Church eight of the ings the of Columbus, coming the recom-. interesting and presidentsinspiring—highly the Pilgrims, of the coming all. for.mended. the and Revolutionary War

origin of the American Indian. Ideal for missionaries

and adult members.

THE FOUR ESTATES BOOK OF MORMON

OF MAN GUIDE BOOK BOOK Of By GILBERT CHARLES ORME $500 MORMON BIRRELL By VERLA

for $f.75 Solves your problems

Truly an outstanding book of our premore knowledge of the of Book Mormon. Compreexistence, life mortal herethe and y enlightening and after a wealth material of to hensive...

.. for especially written give you deeper a knowledge of the

missionaries,. teachers, stuestates of man.

dents and researchers.

BOOKCRAFT ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL CHURCH DEALER 1186 South Main -C.O.D.

Salt Lake City, Utah.MONEY ORDER

Enclosed is $ covering my payment SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES for the following books Wr/fe for listing of books and special discount privileges

NAME

ADDRESS TOWN STATE 1186BOOKCRAFTSOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

Add 2% Sales Tax in Utah

JUNE 1949 401 THE RIGHT AGE 10 MARRY

{Continued from page 400) cant. There are always young peoulations and to strengthen these ple who seem to have made no efyoungsters in their determination fort to establish their spiritual age.

to resist the emotional cocktail. And No matter how mature you may be

young people, in their turn, should physically or mentally, if you are an recognize this stimulation for what infant spiritually, you will be terit is and set up strong spiritual ribly handicapped in marriage. If

forces in opposition. This firm reyou have not established religious

sistance should become so instincconvictions and principles, you are tiveautomatic—elseand naturalweas standto bein almostgrave toosibilitiesyoungoftoguidingundertakechildren.the responBet-

danger of accepting marriage as ter grow up fast if you hope to take something wholly physical—even a little child by the hand and over

brutal—instead of something beauthe battleworn terrain of life give

tiful, lovely, and destined to play a that child confidence, peace, and powerful role in the salvation of hufaith. Your spiritual eyes are indiman beings. cative of spiritual age. If they are

not open yet, you are too young. If

\\7hat age for marriage? It dethey are dimmed by spiritual catapends upon what you mean by racts, you are too old. At any rate,

age. If you are thinking of chronoif you cannot see and do not want

logical age, then there should be to see, you are not the right age for considerable latitude. I would say marriage because a good marriage

that the minimum ages set up by is a highly spiritual affair. You are

law are legitimate safeguards and definitely in partnership with your should be respected. I can think of Heavenly Father, and he expects

"43 Years of Security no reason why any young person you to take your full responsibility.

and Service"would not be better off to wait at So open your eyes, remove the cat44 So. Main Salt Lake City least that long. But after this miniaracts, and make sure that you are

Jos. E. Kjar, Pres. C. H. Tingey, Secy. mum chronological age is reached, of age spiritually before marriage.

other aspects of age should be considered. "p motional age is a kind of comThere is, of course, physical age. bination of all other ages. It is

great bal-I This is easy to estimate. If your the great stabilizer—the

> wisely,heritageyouris goodphysicaland youage shouldhave livedapphysical,ance wheel.the Itmental,has somethingand the spiritof the

chronological age. If ual in it. It is, perhaps, the truest TOPS proximate your

you have reason to believe that such indicator of composite age and the is not the case, a careful examinasafest clue to marriageable age. It SOFTBALL tion will establish your ability or clearly tells whether your other ages

EQUIPMENT disabilityadult life andto carrythe strainsthe stressesof parentof articlesare in harmony.have been Manywrittenbookson emoand

hood. Good judgment may counsel tional maturity and stability by the

Louisville Slugger waiting a while or perhaps simplifyexperts. My analysis is in no way

is Bats ing your life in the interest of more expert—in no way academic. It

mature strength. merely a gathering together of exit is observation. But and thing, perience is yet another age MentalI Powers Athletic of gathering because most a happy it should here, also, be relativebut

Clothing ly easy to determine whether or not this observation and experience has is my test for you are normal—whether you have been happy. Here

it. Riddell Shoes the ability to meet the adult needs your emotional age. Try of life intelligently. You will need a Are you sensitive—quick with

good mind in marriage—not necespity, quick with tears, quick with Harwood Balls sarily the quickest or keenest in the laughter, quick with anger? You

world, but a sound mind capable of can be highly sensitive and still be

Western Arms soning,sustainedcapablethought,of evaluating—alertcapable of reagrownnone (orupveryemotionallylittle) of thisprovidedis in

to events. Certainly, to be a little your own behalf. You can laugh at

is to your adyourself—even be a little angry at Company above age mentally

vantage and to give your mind as yourself, but you cannot be angry 32 West 2nd South good training, in or out of college, in order to promote yourself or

Salt Lake City as possible, is greatly to be desired. laugh at another so as to benefit

Spiritual age is even more signifiyourself and still be fully mature.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Right Age to Marry Can you balance selfrespect and HERE'S THE WIHDOW SCREEN unselfishness? If you have complete

unselfishness, you probably have (foui/e Oeen, LOOKING FOR complete selfrespect. At the opposite ends of the emotional scale,

they balance each other perfectly when fully developed, but in the process of growth they tend to get For all doublehung a little out of hand. When they do windows. Easily inbecome unbalanced, your associates stalled from the inmay think of you as conceited and side. Always tight

suspect up.""stuck may Or they prefit. No no sag—"putting act"of or of on anyou to paint. Neat frames

being "wishywashy."But if you and inconspicuous.

can balance these two qualities well

Surprisingly economduring their growth, then you are emotionally mature. ical. All aluminum

nonstaining wire How good is your selfcontrol? If cloth and bars... for

someone makes you "mad,"can you extra long life.

count to a hundred and then forget it or must you "tell him off"?

If you want two pieces of blueberry pie for dinner, can you eat one and stop or must you have the other iiira even though your digestion and the bathroom scales both rebelled the last time you succumbed to this rn/sto* temptation? If your selfcontrol is IpRyLock M ** I J WIHDOW SCREENS good, your emotional age is high

perhaps high enough for marriage.

SEE THEM AT*..

thinker? an independent you Are

THE MARK OF Your Local Lumber Dealer this question to suppose mayYou be aimed at mental age only, but not MDRRISDNMERRILL MIMTTHHROCKPiPER & CO. so. If you have had any musical RyLock Distributors PROOUCTSFORPURPOSES BULONO

experience, you will remember that RELIABILITV Pocateilo, Idaho SALT LAKE CITY Reno, Nevada choral directors welcome independent singers who can be counted on under the most unfavorable conditions to sing on key. This requires

more than the ability to sing. It is

an inner integrity of every musical faculty. So also an independent

thinker has a mental and spiritual integrity that holds him true. Tobe respectful and tolerant of anMORE

other's opinion, to admit error freely and change when one is wrong Than Business Training these are good grownup procedures, but to be easily swayed by Besides a full curriculum of business one's associates, to follow the crowd courses and business education the L.D.S.

like sheep, to get "off key"because the gang is "off key"is to be emoBusiness College offers you these many other advantages: tionally immature—much too much

so for marriage.

Do you accept responsibility? Do L.D.S.An environmentInstitute ofof ReligioninspirationwithandLambdaculture. Delta Sigma activities.

you follow through, take assignSocial activities and new friends.

ments, check details, respect the A faculty interested in young people.

principle of choice and endeavor to choose wisely—not just once but For further information BUSINESS COLLEGE always—or nearly always? You

may think that this, too, is purely write L.l/.lj. 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah

{Continued on page 404) JUNE 1949 403 403) {Continued from page $0s the Rcnic delete The Sight Age to Marry it is the ability mental, but actually to reconcile all of the age denomiSandwiches made with nators. Are you frank and honest with

Royal Table Queen Bread your family and friends? Or are you

full of pretensions and evasions and are temptingly delicious little secret dishonesties? Do you

and nourishing. They help subscribe to the popular idea that a

fault or a sin isn't a fault or a sin if to make a feast out of any it goes undiscovered? This is, of

course, a moral and spiritual probpicnic. lem, but it is also emotional. You

are not old enough for marriage if you follow this pattern.

Have you established work hab its? No girl or young man today is

until he or for marriage old enough;: Proudly produced by

a job satisfactoriheld has she down BAKING ROYAL COMPANY stateThis at least a year. ly for City and Salt. Lake Ogden ENRICHED

I extreme, and seem ment may with Vitamins and Iron would qualify it by saying that it might be a parttime job while going to school and maintaining good you are a girl—it or—if For every L.D.S. home these popular record albums: averages, ashousekeeping major might be a

during JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY signment in your own home

Your faith in the Restoration will strengthen as you listen to the absence, illness, or during the the Prophet's account of the origin and rise of the Church. A otherwise occupied time of your

documentary reading by Lynn A. McKinlay. mother. But don't qualify this too

Three unbreakable records in album $5.05 much, for it is a very real test of

emotional stability and should be SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS

Special arrangements by the Promised Valley Quartet of these accepted as such.

beloved hymns Are you reasonably neat? The

O My Father Though Deep'ning Trials value of extreme tidiness has someAbide With Me I Need Thee Every Hour times been questioned in very good

Joseph Smith's First Prayer The Lord Is My Shepherd circles. But there is no question of

How Great the Wisdom and the Love the value of order and no question

Three standard records in album $3.95 of the value of respecting the rights

or community. of others in a home PICTURE SONGS OF BOOK MY indicates untidiness marked widelyacclaimed children's favorites book of the same Marked from the Nineteen

name. Your kiddies will delight in them. discourtesy which in turn indicates

Three standard records in album $3.95 marked emotional immaturity.

or dealer record book From your local in State of Utah Tax Add 2% Sales sight. physical This means mean

the of "insight."It has a little ARTS,Salt Lake City 1, UtahINC. RECORDING19 West South Temple St. or direct from Are you farsighted? This does not prophetic in it—the ability to sense

the long range values—to plan for

them and to sacrifice the immediate pleasures for faraway rewards.

You Can't ALWAYS Plan Too, if you are farsighted, you have the courage to "stand up and be

The FUTURE By The Past! counted"even though your particuJust because you haven't had a fire is no reason lar group is much smaller and less

why you won't. Don't judge the future by the past. popular than the shortsighted gang.

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day. But take heart, for you are ever so

Insure your property today and be protected against much more mature emotionally. loss. I can hear you ask—"What do

Better get your policy while you can. you expect from us—-perfection?"

Not at all. A good marriage will

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. help cure a lot of imperfections and

Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City, Utah faults. That is one of its values.

But you should be started on the 404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Hight Age to Marry DID! I USED

CARBON BISULPHIDEright road, and these are some of

IT'S ONCE, AND points. are toldthe compass We

FOREVER! GONE begins beYEP! NOTHING BUT divorce nearly allthat

GLORY it is in MORNING rootedfore marriage—that GET AND I CANT instability. beingemotional Such

the case, we can uproot it before RID OF IT!

marriage by developing emotional stability. Even the happiest and

most successful marriages somefail standof thesetimes to meet all rv - *. s: ED JJC*.C in to in believe perfection, butards

them, to desire them earnestly, to iflw ft {> i want to be responsible, honest, independent, true, farsighted, and noble; to want to love with com-:%

respect—toplete unselfishnessdedicate andoneselffullto selfper-

fection instead of to compromise; to

know how to laugh and yet be kind;

to love deeply and yet keep the \light touch—is to be the right age ft

to marry.

That's true! Thousands have used

RELIGIOUS ATTITUDES OF CARBON BISULPHIDE with a NOTED MEN Strong MACK ANTIWEED GUN Leon M. By

John Locke (16321704), English philosopher, is famous for his motion necessary to make a rem v extensive knowledge of philosophy, medicine, and the whole range of the sciencesof his age. Locke extolled the goodness of WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

God, the provision made for salvation Division of Stauffer Chemical Company faith in Jesus Christ,through and the value, SAN FRANCISCO 8 of the 636 CALIFORNIA STREET it personally,as experienced he had knowledge of our Savior.... It is said that

last the depth of theLocke's was, "Oh, word of Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branchesriches of the knowledge goodness and

God."(Page 229.)*

Blaise Pascal, French scientist and philosopher, (16231662), is ranked by one writer as "... in sheer genius one of the very FARMERS UNION

greatest writers who ever lived upon the..earth."Greatly as he is to be admired he... INSURANCES.

is yet more to be loved. His humility and

simplicity, conspicuous as his genius and MU I w Competitive rates, policies nonassessable participating. For

acquisitions, were those of a very child.... 1948 returned 10% on earned premiums. Claims service throughout U. S.

it is thatPascal's of belief theory was an AquiresUtah $10CapitalcontributionStock Companypaid but operatedonce. for benefit of policy holders. Reaffair of the heart. perstrong a He had

sonal reliance on Jesus Christ. (Page 227.) I I K t Farm properties only. Low rates. A sound UTAH Mutual comHugh Miller, Scottish geologist pany, controlled by policy holders and operated for their benefit.

(18021856), has written: HOSPITALIZATION: For families in FARMERS UNION locals,

In looking on the lower animals, whom specified sums for hospital, drugs, dressings, etc. Surgery may also be

instinct never deceives, can we hold that covered...Costs from $20 to $62 per year for entire family...One of the best

man, immeasurably higher in his place, and prepayment plans ever offered.

infinitely higher in his hopes and aspiraAsk your FARMERS UNION agent or mail coupon.

tions, should be the befooled expectant of future to see? is nevera he which happy

information obligation Without give me faith UNION no. keeps withAssuredly his FARMERS who He about:

the to giveshumbler even COOPERATIVE creatures—who Hospital Fire Auto, Q the the for winter whichbee dormouse

1 INSURANCES Name certaintythey not break to a J andprepare—will "R.F.D. Box P. 1438faith with 315.) (Page man. O. BOX

"Extracts from Christianity and Science, by FredSalt Lake City 11, Utah J CitY state erick O. Leete, The AbingdonCokesbury Press, 1928.

JUNE 1949 405 Your Day Is Now (Continued from page 377) The Religion of Youth "Dealism demands that we recognize at least two trends in the religious thinking of young people.

One is a strong desire for release from churches and creeds and from all traditional or conventional thinking, for what some choose to call free rein in religious affairs. Another is toward institutionalized religion with an emphasis on creeds.

The freedom trend is very common following major wars. In times of

confusion it is easy to assume that the patterns and obligations of the past have been insufficient to meet present needs. There is a tendency

to lose faith in the conclusion:

God's in his heaven All's right with the world!

An easy abandonment of moral and religious obligations seems to be the order of the day.

Fortunately this attitude does not jlijpsrcr offices throughout the west persist for many years. The release from traditional and mechanical ways of thinking carries with it

the opportunity for a reconsidera- tion of all the fundamental values of life, with the common result that

UTAH'S a young man's religion moves from mere mechanical acceptance of a

PIONEER MUSK COMPANY creed to a wellthought-out reason for firm convictions. Without this,

Is Proud to Present religion is unreal and morals but a

Their Very Complete system of shadowboxing.

The sparkling chapter of LatterSheet Music Department day Saint young men and women in for the armed forces in their various camps throughout the world, meetthe inspection of the ing in religious services to renew

JUNE CONFERENCE their spirits and to find new respect

VISITOR forcarriestheirwithChurchit aandsignificantfor their God,hope for the future. With the close of the

realization there that came war new Our SelfService 6efGoing religion cannot be to a perhanded

CHORAL LIBRARY son but must in reality come from within. The faith and the messages

conveniently located in our store to make your selection easy. of older people were sufficient for

the need of these elders, but the

We specialize in Funfilled vacationlands invite young men and women of the

Church Music. East Music—Choral.. Western you—Historic Church, in order to find real mean-

.. Music for Every Occasion cool Wonderlands. Canada

... sunny Old Mexico. Go Greying in the message of the gospel, hound—there are no lower had first to face life's crises and

Agent NOW. BEESLEY MUSIC yourfares!GreyhoundGet full travel details from learn from bitter experience that "man cannot live by bread alone."Q VE fl LAND

D youngOne mencannotandmeetwomendailyof withthe COMPANY G EYNOUN 70 So. Main St. Salt Lake City Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES Church who are participating in

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. university experience without hav406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing renewed faith in tne stability and in our trials and bereavements, and occasions it finds appropriate exgood judgment of youth, and the we participate in worship as mempression in the midst of crowds.

recognition that their problems are bers of congregations. In this form, The most common social agency of

real and their answers the product religion is dependent upon the religion, therefore, is the Church.

of good judgment. Church. As in other forms of organized social life, the Church carNo Substitute for the Church

P*xtolling the virtues of religion ries with it responsibilities which In Latterday Saint religion there as it is found on the mountainoften transcend its freedoms. To is no subsitute for the Church. Reside, in the field, or in the forest, is visit a young people's class in Suncently a large group of Latterday

a common practice today. It seems day School or to watch the hunSaint students was discussing reenticing to spend the Sabbath on a dreds of young people in testimony ligion and the churches. One conmountain hike, to wade through meetings throughout the Church tended that the Church did not

crystal streams, or "to read nature each month shows the vitality of interest him because it was making in her flowering fields,"and thus religion when it is carried on as sono contribution to him; another

feel a closeness to the Giver of all cial rather than merely as an inquestioned him to see if he really good gifts, which cannot be found dividual experience. had anything coming from the

in the of presence crowds. Expressit; to given he had pointing these Church—what In out main two religion is thising in entican way prehelp to anything he done had it is religious expression of forms

iting in way, and an easy and many it in his he community; serve was intent to not or sugour purpose our solacehave found and companionit in that might as seeing something limitation to of or gest people one theirship of God. reli- "give mysterious him some way relito other. the people with Most In contrast these, to milare there the contributions which gion"? The inclinations gious find valuable outlions in religious of quest companits people give to concan Church lets in solitary expression for bothionship others their with of kind. exfor stitute the reason one only in milieu. social retreat the Reand see interest in romanceThey and is the the other of istence Church; itself ligion cerconfine to not does

thrillpeople; as they they watch organizaan that people have may is tain respecter no situations—it children,growing expectant youth their give to they tion which may

is localities, of but persons nor conservative elders, in hisand each division, this best. second Under

way wrestling with the problems of found wherever people devote themthe people do not act as human life and creation. All normal perselves earnestly to the higher values sponges for accumulating religious

sons find joy in the association of of life. At times, young people of life, nor as mere receivers of churchothers. It is normal to long for the the Church, religion is our comly blessings. They become the

sympathetic understanding of others panion in solitude, while on other (Continued on page 408)

Service Builds Your Profits...

GENERAL HELPS YOU GIVE BETTER SERVICE

Ask any of our more than 5,000 agents and thousands of satisfied policyholders, too. They will tell you that

this company goes "all out"to back its agents. This

complete followthrough service to agent and insured,

results in easier selling, permanent customers and more profit for agents. Ask for details today.

General Insurance Company of America

Co. of America SffimiQ? First National Insurance General Casualty Company of America

HOME OFFICESSEATTLE. WASHINGTON

H. K. DENT. PRESIDENT

JUNE 1949 407 Your Day Is Now (Continued from page 407) promulgators of that which is near to their hearts. One girl confessed

that she had never regarded the J/ul

Church as something which she could foster and help preserve. A

young man said that when others had criticized the Church in his DESERET presence, he had forgotten that he, himself, as part of the organization, was being criticized. NEWS As young people today, several

generations removed from those

ESPECIALLY TIMELY FOR who organized the Church, you may easily forget that all churches PRESS

GOSPEL DOCTRINE are organized around certain human

CLASSES AND TEACHERS needs, organized through persons, composed of persons, and improved COMMERCIAL ONLY 00 or degenerated by persons. The $2

Church is an intensely human inSPECIAL RATES TO CLASSES AND EDITION $1.60 each for four or more copies strument whose success or failure

a large depends to extent upon You'll like a with book tilled this new the PRINTERS AND activities attitudes ofinformation of wealth of Gospel never and its memfered before. This unusual volume, the bers.

result of years of careful twenty reThe give and take between a BOOK BINDERS search, discusses full historical the background out of which these modern revemember and his church are reciplations to came. fully apprePlan now rocal. This may be shown in some PAPER RULING

the ciate and understand Doctrine and

Covenants... order your copies today. degree by comparing the church as

Same 20% discount is available on the a religious institution with a bank following books when ordering four or as a financial institution. Month copies. more

after month we may give into the

Nauvoo, the Beautiful $3.00 bank in accumulating a financial

The Mormon Pioneers $2.50 reserve, then a personal crisis comes

$2.25 Mormonism and Masonry into our necessary long f'roreditorial lives—a Bible $2.25 Cumorah's Gold journey, operation, an an automoGeography of the Book of Mormon $.75 bile wreck. We call our bank to our ana Social

assistance to help us move over the

Available at your local dealer or add 5c per book for postage and send your rough spot; we draw on the re- S>lati,ioner>

order to serve we have accumulated in bet-

P. O. BOX terMuchtimes. as the bank acts as a

reservoir of our financial resources, 29 RICHARDS STREET the Church acts as a reservoir of our spiritual resources. Through 4-2581

service to others, we acPHONE2601SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH willing cumulate spiritual reserves. In the

common process of daily and weekly activities we find friends and neighbors with like interests.

PLANT SPECIAL Through such associations gradually forShasta 5 $1.00 (G. Marioni) Daisy we find our way into the lives of

for Victoria)Shasta $1.00 6 Daisy (Queen

Deph. (Pacific Hybrids) 25 plants $1.00 others. Then comes a personal crisis

...5 forDouble illness, Hollyhock (Salmon) serious the death a of $1.00—a

Listing Write Plant and for FREE Seed CASH! loved one, extreme temporal need, For your OLD L.D.S. and INC. SON'S. ROHBOCK'S a marriage, or a return mis- a fromP. O, 218 E, Utah Dept. Geneva, Orem,

sion. In any of these events we Utah Books

begin to draw on our accumulated Submit List to

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. spiritual resources. In sickness

nearest acquaintances I IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA I our and ZION'S BOOK STORE those with whom we have worked KINGS REST YE MOTEL intimately call on us to cheer 65 E. 2nd So. Phone 4-3465 526 5th STREET SOUTH

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner us up. When death takes a memSalt Lake City, Utah

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager ber of the family, the Church All types of books sold also.

Beautyrest Mattresses Throuahout steps in to solace and assuage. At

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA such times there comes to us a feeling of comfort and peace which we accept but are unable fully to explain. We speak of support and

comfort from our friends and from our God. In the practical theology

of Mormonism there is a teaching of reciprocal relations between God and man: I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what

I say; but when ye do not what I say,

ye have no promise. (D. & C. 82:10.)

There is evidence to support the view that most of the vital faith found in Mormonism can be found in the lives of its young men and people alert, critiwomen—young

cal, loyal, and dynamic, with energy to revitalize a sacred and worthwhile cause.

No discussion of the problems of young people would be complete without a recognition of the importance of a balanced life. Young It's Time To Enjoy Breathtaking?

men and young women are sensitive f *about making themselves independ- i $ STARLITEDinnerDancing (NightlyGARDENSExcept Sunday) ent of others. Although they know

that total independence cannot be if. Luncheon Daily (Noon 'til 2) Musical Luncheon Saturday

attained, they like to feel that they J *! HOTELMAX CARPENTER, Gen.UTAHManager *are standing largely on their own

feet and that each is a responsible unit in society. Whenever probjtHHHBMllfiMlM

lems of vocational choice, educational training, social life, or religion become acute, personality seems somewhat offbalance, and the man at to function is unableor woman I. A. anxietieshis best. Intense may arise, WELCOME M.

accompanied by confusion, which will happiness prevent and often cut To June Conference!

effectiveness of livinto thedeeply ing. Religion of a sane variety can Make our store your headquarters while in

come to the support of men and Salt Lake women and start them on the road to personal reorganization. To perWe carry everything known to

form this service the religion of music! All kinds 2 and 3 part

youth does not confine itself to thoughts of a heavenly realm alone, music, operettas, and choral but reaches into the fiber of human books.

living, and gives point to the here and the now. We have just received a large Happiness and satisfaction are

magnified in the process of achievshipment of C. G. Conn Cornets,

ing a goal, more than in having arTrumpets, Saxaphones, etc.

rived. In this thrilling adventure,

young men and women of theChurch, you find challenge and Also see our beautiful new HAMmeaning for life. As you pursue MOND SPINETTE ORGAN for the

your course, using as traveling comHome!

panions your parents, your schools, your country, and your church, it is possible to for a better you - make CO. BROS. GLEN MUSIC the into than whichworld one you 74 Est. 1907 City So. Main Salt Lake

came. In building for that world of

tomorrow, your day is now.

( The end ) JUNE 1949 409 DEMONSTRATION OF COOPERATION (Continued from page 368) Leading stakes and missions with record. In this list are five missions

limited mostly to smaller wards and wards and branches listed in the and four stakes. While the highest

branches, in the EVERY HOME Hall of Fame are Snowflake, subscriptions do not quite equal the

CAMPAIGN a substantial percent Young, Florida, Teton, Lethbridge, high marks of Southern States Misof wards listed are sizable in popuand Big Horn stakes, with Northern sion of some other years, the total lation making this achievement one States, Southern States, and Texasof the members of the One Thouof which the leaders may truly be Louisiana missions being entitled to sand Club is the highest on record.

proud. Some wards listed in the special honors. Goal for the coming In distributing honors to the

Hall of Fame have from 800 to year in the Hall of Fame will be nine members of this group, they 1,000 population. Two Florida approximately one hundred units. are awarded positions as follows:

Stake wards, Palatka and WesconIn the mythical One Thousand President, Southern States Mission, nett, led the Hall of Fame, being Club there are nine members in this 2106; First Vice President, South

first to achieve. campaign, which is a new alltime Los Angeles, 1786; Second Vice

President, Los Angeles, 1205; Secretary, Northern States Mission,

1195; Assistant Secretary, Western

States Mission, 1156; Treasurer,

Long Beach, 1027; Assistant Treasurer, TexasLouisiana Mission,

1020; and Central Atlantic States To serve 1025; Members: Phoenix Stake,

Mission, 1004. To these nine groups

go special congratulations for outservice.

One Hundred Percenters the steel needs of the standingIn the group, established as a special listing this year for the first time, are a surprisingly large number of fastgrowing wards and branches. WEST The One Hundred Percent group

is distinguished from the Hall of

Fame listing in this way: Units

f Recently, a new member was added to the listedhave thein theEraHallin ofeveryFameLatterdayactually

United States Steel family—the Consolidated Saint home, while those listed in

Western Steel Corporation, whose steel fabricatthe One Hundred Percenters group ing operations are located in California, Texas are those where subscriptions equal and Arizona. the total number of Latterday Saint

homes, but do not include all LatterThe addition of Consolidated Western is anday Saint families. In total achieveother vitally important step in providing better ment one equals the other, but in

service to meet the steel needs of the West Coast. the objective of carrying The Improvement Era to every LatterAmong the hundreds of steel products fabriday Saint home the Hall of Fame

cated in these Consolidated Plants are structural units are given preference. Howsteel for the construction of office buildings and ever, to One Hundred Percenters

factories; pipe for oil, gas, and water lines; corgo the thanks and gratitude of all

Era workers for a magnificent vicrugated culvert pipe; refinery equipment; water tory.

well casing; pressure vessels and storage tanks.

This newest addition to U. S. Steel is another One Hundred Percenters

for 194849 demonstration of faith in the future by the industrial family that serves the nation—United Ward or Branch Stake or Mission

States Steel. 1. Las Vegas First Moapa

2. Phoenix Second Phoenix

3. Phoenix Third Phoenix

4. Phoenix Fourth Phoenix

5. Scottsdale Phoenix United States Steel Phoenix 6. Capitol

7. Buckeye Phoenix Corporation Subsidiaries

8. So. Grant Los Angeles

....So. 1111111111111111111111111 9. Los Maywood UNITED 10. Southgate So. Los AngelesAngeles

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Citation Winners Total Subscriptions—Missions be a double citation winner. Therefore, citations are given four wards States, 1—Southern all of objective principalThe for for percent four of quota and States, Northern 2,106;3—Western2 missions and wards, stakes and total subscriptions. as are These 1,156; States, 4—TexasLouisiana,1,195; in is receive to a citationbranches, follows: 1,025.

this unique and outstanding subscription activity. Under rules Ward Citation Winners Group "A"Wards—Percent of Quota

established several years ago, while Tn the wards citations are awarded 1. Cortez—Young 792%

theregroup—oneare to befortenpercentcitationsofinquotaeach ulation.in groupsGroupaccording"A"includesto ward smallpop- 2. Gainesville—Florida 700%

Group subscriptions, total "B"Wards—Percent for of Quota oneand represents and Group "B"wards

1. Huntington Los opportunities subscriptionequalizing Park—South the In wards. EVERY Angeles 550% small groups large andbetween to contrary CAMPAIGN, largerHOME 2. 500% Brentwood—Inglewood stake that is if oneprovision made to experience, proved past no ward 412) (Continued on pageor mission or ward or branch wins

citations in both groups, only one citation will be given, indicating the double achievement on the citation.

Other units are then moved up into the citation group making ten citations in each classification or twenty in all. This rule applies likewise in

missions, although only four citations are awarded in each group in the mission areas. Where a mission

becomes a double citation winner, it?FAMILYSIZE"ffifo*. is given the citation in the highest S\

category, and another mission is moved into the citation list. Similar

provision is made in the case of wards and branches. Leaders of the Church among the DOESN'T

stakes and, therefore, citation winners, are as follows: COST..

Percent of Quota—Stakes

1—Young, 411%; 2—South Los

Angeles, 384%; 3—Phoenix, 350%; 4—

Florida, Angeles, 307%; 319%; 5—Los Idaho SAVE 30% 290%; 7—South6—Snowflake,

Falls, 239%; 8—Union, 237%; 9—

Long Beach, 203%; 10—South Caroon

lina, 203%,; 11—Minidoka, 197%;

12—Lethbridge, 1 87%; 13—Taylor, YOUR FOOD186%.

Total Subscriptions—Stakes BILLSand

1—South 2—Los

1,205;Angeles, 1,027; LIVE BETTER Los Angeles,3—Long 1,786;Beach,4—Phoenix, 1,020; 5—Mount Ogden,

969; 6—Snowflake, 921; 7—Emigration, 837; 8—Inglewood, 824; 9—San

Fernando, 821; 10—Young, 798; 11—You buy food wholesale

Ben Lomond, 708; 12—Ogden, 766;

of "canning"13—Pasadena, 643. It's "Freezing"your personaltakesgroceryonefourthstore! the time

Preserves "gardenfresh"flavor

Citation winners in the missions Retains the vitamins and minerals!

reasonby year's of meats, supply fruits and can preserve a of their outstanding You are:achievement foot cubic big in the 15 vegetables COOLERATOR

Freezer—In line with the Church Conservation Program. Percent of Quota—Missions No other appliance can help you more

save as much for you. 1—Western Canadian, 535%; 2 Or

Pacific,Central 3—Southern DEALERS THE WEST THROUGHOUTStates, States, 335%; 397%;4—Eastern Distributor INC., Salt Lake City GLENN EARL,

States, Central293%; 254%. 5—North

JUNE 1949 41 11 Group "A"Wards Ironrite"Removes all Doubt! 1. Showlow-—SnowflakeTotal Subscriptions 121 Subs.

Says Mrs. William R. Glade 2. Union—Union Ill Subs.

City Salt Ave., Laird 1611 Lake

Group "B"Wards sx after sevskeptical having Subscriptions to Ironers demonstrated me, Total erall was but with..313 Subs.

tion I wasIronrite'sconvincedfirstit demonstrawould do 1. Arlington—Los Angeles

everything Angeles....272 Subs.

lives up to claimedmy fondestfor it. expectaIronrite 2. Wilshire—Los

tions! I can sit down at my Ironrite after a busy day, do a big ironing and still be relaxed when Mission Branch Citation

through."Winners

Discover how Ironrite ends the backbreaking work See for yourself howof Ironrite'shand ironing.two In the mission branches two

completely usable open ends let double citation winners emerged, washable you iron everything shirts, pleated dresses, blouses, Saskatoon (Saskatchewan) Branch clothes. children's

of the Western Canadian Mission, where one of the most remarkable

Model 80. Open-?#3Hr;w and impressive campaigns yet remodel Ironrite. ported to the Era office was conducted, and Elizabeth City (North Model 88 Ironrite

Cabinette with warpCarolina ) being outstanding proof hardwood top branches in the missions this year.

in mahogany or Saskatoon Branch and Tarboro blond. honey

(North Carolina) of the Central

LOW DOWN PAYMENT—EASY CREDIT TERMS Atlantic States Mission reached the

ASK ABOUT A FREE remarkable totals of 3,600 percent

these highest are pernot the While Iron rile HOME DEMONSTRATION and 3,000 percent, respectively. in ever centages reached ImproveSEE ONE OF THESE AUTHORIZED ment Era campaigns, they have

IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION. been reached or exceeded on very

SELLS FURNITURE COMPANY Nephi, Utah rare occasions.

READ BROTHERS COMPANY Ogden, Utah

TOOELE MERCANTILE COMPANY Tooele, Utah Group "A"Branches

Malad, Idaho STORE & VARIETY APPLIANCE ATKINSON'S

Shelley, Idaho COMPANY APPLIANCE & RADIO KIRKHAM

Richfield, COMPANY BLAKE ELECTRIC Utah * 1. Saskatoon—WesternPercent of QuotaCanadian

Provo, Utah COMPANY UTAH APPLIANCE

Utah <S ELECTRIC FURNITURE COMPANY Ogden, SCHOSS

Boise, Idaho & RECORD SHOP APPLIANCE 2. Tarboro—Central Atlantic 3,600%

Nyssa, Oregon FURNITURE COMPANY NYSSA States 3,000%

Blackfoot, Idaho & APPLIANCE JONES FURNITURE SAM H.

CO. Pocatello, MITCHELL'S RADIO & APPLIANCE Idaho Group "B"Branches Ely, Nevada COMPANY FURNITURE WILSON BATES

Idaho St. Anthony, APPLIANCE CLARK'S COMPANY

Lake City, SERVICE Salt CULLIGAN SOFT WATER Utah * 1. Elizabeth PercentCity—Centralof Quota Atlantic

Distributed by: States 938%

GORDON E. WILKINS- -IRONERS, Inc.. 142 S. Fifth W., Salt Lake City. Utah 2. High Point—Central Atlantic

States 683%

Group "A"Branches Total Subscriptions BIND YOUR "ERAS"*1. Saskatoon—Western Canaeach month as they come dian - 72 Subs. 2. Alamogordo—Western

We have a sturdy, conveni- 3. Hattiesburg—SouthernStates 41 Subs.

ent looseleaf-type binder that States 36 Subs.

holds 12 ERAS. Easily inserted or removed. Group "B"Branches

Total Subscriptions The supply is limited 1. Cincinnati—-Northern

$1.25 Postpaid States - 170 Subs. *2. Elizabeth City—Central

While they last Atlantic 122 Subs.

3. Kansas City—Central

THE States 96 Subs.

SINCE 1863 ERA IMPROVEMENT other years, the As in EVERY

Street 50 No. Main

its share had CAMPAIGN BIBLES HOME City, Salt Utah Lake national

Wherever Bibles are Sold of surprises. While some of the

stakes and missions finished accord412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing to precedents set in the past, in other cases new leaders arose and champions of other years were dethroned. South Carolina and Florida stakes, leaders in their field last

year, both finished in the citation lists, San Fernando, South Idaho

Falls, and Young also won citation honors. By reason of the double

citation rule, Ben Lomond and Ogden, both in Weber County, Utah, and Pasadena Stake in California become citation winners in the total subscription classification.

Likewise, Minidoka (Idaho) and

Lethbridge and Taylor Stakes in

Alberta, Canada, are awarded these special honors.

* v '-*ps Net result of the EVERY

HOME CAMPAIGN was to overcome a forced and longoverdue increase in the subscription rate and other conditions which seemed most unfavorable and still finish in pracGET OTHER AUTO position tically the same campaign. successful highlyyear's as in last NEEDS AT YOUR

officers stake the and ward To of thousands Era UTOCO DEALERS theand many workers throughout the Church, the publishers of The Improvement Permalube Motor Oil

Era extend heartfelt appreciation Quaker State Motor Oil and congratulations.

Pep 88 Gasoline

Atlas Battery

Atlas Fan Belt NoLiquor-Tobacco Column Champion Spark Plugs [Concluded from page 393) ment authorities are agreed that the slot machine business as a whole is \ underworld. the The to tied closely

:,;;*;:>:;;;V: is almost slot machines of operation

entirely in the hands of racketeers. DEALER

The reading of the full story in %mmmmmmmmmmi*

Collier's would be profitable to anyone interested in knowing the facts relative to this great demoralizing and desUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY racket. tructive

Vote

**TT7e are firmly convinced of one thing: that people of goodwill

outnumber the other kind of people.

Why, then, should any American community develop the kind of situation against which the women of Gary, Indiana, were compelled to demonstrate in such a spectacular way? The one COWBOYS

and only reason is that good people do not vote as consistently as low and SWEAR BY ignorant and vicious people vote. A

person Of little intelligence and no character votes because he feels that it dignifies him and because his vote AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL is considered to be of value to the unmitigated scoundrels who manipSince 1850 ulate it."- Clipsheet

JUNE 1949 413 THE ATLANTIC PACT (Concluded from page 355) political connection as possible"inliance between Britain, France, Holvolves American responsibility for the land, Belgium, and Luxembourg economic welfare and military security 8. Crisis in Berlin, and the American of Europe! The record of this

decision to maintain the western posicentury demonstrates, at least to the tion there, within the Russian zone, by present American leadership, that there means of the "airlift"has occurred a marriage between Eu- 9. The expansion of the European ropean and American "primary"interrecovery system, with its adjunct, ests. Thomas Jefferson once urged that

"Western Union,"into the North Atwe should consider "marrying ourlantic Treaty. selves"to the British fleet. The MonTn 1796, in his socalled "Farewell roe Doctrine, after 1823, provided a

a towards of unnoticed, approach Address,"President George Washsort of sorts, "marriage"under clandestine ington argued:

the auspices of the facts of seapower.

The great rule of conduct for us, in reCertainly, the present ties conform to gard to foreign nations, is, in extending our Washington's advice in one respect:

commercial relations, to have with them They are not "artificial"but most real.

as little political connection as possible.... The B-36 roundthe-world nonstop

Europe has a set of primary interests, flight suggests a less "detached and disto us none, which have or a very remote will situation."tant wonder. But many

... relation. be unwise... Hence it must "cold the ends Pact Let us hope the

artificial in ties implicate ourselves us to by in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politwar"and proves to be an instrument international of peace, not armed war ics.

times. 1 in these Our...detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a different 2On May 12, 1949. by fourpower agreement the

course.... Russian blockade of Berlin was terminated to permit

It would seem, in 1949, that "as little reestablishmentwestern Germany ofand landthe Sovietcommunicationszone. between

SERVICE IN M.I.A.

THE ARTIST OF ORGANS -THE ORGAN OF ARTISTS W. 0. Robinson issa A. Beesley MARYLAND HAGERSTOWN,

{Concluded from page 372) (Concluded from page 372)

THE NEW tribute came to Elder Robinson refar as the Mutual Improvement As- // 9 cently: sociations are concerned. The

will the greatest joy that Perhaps come Pipe Organ for Journal Young Woman's many 'ChJtLtJSL the fact that to from you, aside have you of the offered reading theWill much complement and beautify the of hearts of us thousands service touched who years of your Church have had the privilege of associating and matter for the young women of the

Direct factory delivered costs $3,740 to working with you, is to know that the inChurch. Even today the stories and

$4,155 fluence of your work lives on. articles in this magazine bear reFor complete details, write Although no longer engaged in reading.

active M.I. A. work, RobinElder of the in recent manuals Most E. EUGENE POOLE

is to continuing serve Seattle, Central Building, Washington son235 their editing the years have had and

Church as receptionist in the Church the executive manual its final arOffice Building in Salt Lake City. rangment as a result of the capable

Best For PARTY PUNCH direction of Sister Beesley. ProbabIn Six Popular ly no one in the Mutual has the inFlavors

Orange, Cherry sight into the history of the Mutual Raspberry, Lime,

Strawberry and Improvement Associations that SisGrape

STARTUP CANDY ter Beesley has. She has given genCOMPANY

Provo, Utah erously of her time and talents to the cause of youth through her exceptional contributions to the M.I.A.

Your Library Should Include Sister Beesley, now retired from

IN THE GOSPEL NET M.I.A. activities, is devoting her

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE time to working in the Salt Lake

This is the story of a woman, a Temple.

seeker after truth, who, tossed by the waves of mysterious fate, was The gratitude of the Mutual and gospel net, and caught by the carthe thanks of the Church go to these country, where, ried into a far through the possession of eternal two capable people for their excepadvers- truth, amidst though much tional work in furthering the activiun- found family ity, she and her bounded happiness. ty and the spiritual development of

Now in its 12th printing youth through the Mutual Improve- $1.75 at all book stores in the West ment Associations.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA....

You've heard about it..

VL Wontk Witk but have you CHURCH PUBLICATIONS heard it?

The Relief Society Magazine..

HPhe June issue of the Relief Society

Magazine includes as special features: A Measuring Rod for Growth

by Blanche B. Stoddard, Points for

Poets to Remember by Eva Willes

Wangsgaard, On Writing a Short

Story by Fay Tarlock, El Paso and the Latterday Saints by Sadie Ollorton Clark, and Orchid Hunting in

Honduras by Elizabeth Williamson.

Home features include two articles by Caroline Eyring Miner: More Than

Tolerance and Inner Resources; Table

Settings and Flower Arrangements by

A. J. Neff, as well as other articles of

interest to homemakers. The regular

features including the exceptional poetry also appear in this magazine. Before you buy, hear Wurlitzer's true space and cost, too. Can be adjusted

The frontispiece is Sweet Memory by church organ tone. Reverently beauto the individual acoustics of your

Dorothy J. Roberts. tiful solo stops for prelude and postchurch. Stay in tune indefinitely relude music. A perfectly blended gardless of voltage or frequency

ensemble of organ voices to accomchanges. Even subzero or excessively

The Children's Friend.. panyWurlitzerchoir or electroniccongregationalorganssinging.save ciablehigh temperatureseffect on their finehavetuning.no appreYour

*T'he Children's Friend for June has Wurlitzer dealer will be glad to armuch to commend it by way of range a demonstration.

interest and variety. Chestie—A Robinhood of the Bird World by Irma Rice Mayer leads out the magazine. Uncle WORLD'SWURLITZERLARGEST BUILDER OF ORGANS AND PIANOS

Nell Goodale Nathan's Vest Fancy by stories, the of Price is one together WurlitzerOffices, Chicago,Company,Illinois.Executive UNDER ONE NAME

with The Ghost of Last Chance, chapter 4, by Dorothy Clapp Robinson,

The Giggling Scarecrow by Mina

Snell. The poetry includes some Father's features usual poems. The Day THE WURLITZER LET ORGAN

For Studios In Our included: also are with Music by Fun

Full InformationYou—Request On MR. SELDON N, HEAPS Cornwall, Story Spencer of Our The J.

Missions by Edith Patrick and Jerry SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

Authorized Dealers Wurlitzer Organ

SouthSain. The section for parents will PLAY 17 West First Salt feature a talk by Elder Harold B. Lee Lake City, Utah

of the Council of the Twelve.

The Instructor.. MINER MIKE

'T'he Instructor for June begins with a says..

tribute to the Sunday Schools by

Elder Stephen L Richards of the Coun- "Just think what it means to cil of the Twelve. Then follows a rehaveery goingthat hugeup nearcopperGarfield!refinport of the Sunday School centennial $16,000,000building it, andis beingmost spentof theseinconference held in April—the greeting dollars are going to Utah

by General Superintendent Milton workers and Utah businessBennion, and tributes to Richard Balismen.finished,Then,it whenwill meanthe plantjobs

lantyne, founder of the Sunday Schools for 800larsmen,for millionssuppliesof doland in the Rocky Mountains and the generservices, and perhaps al superintendents. A. Hamer Reiser the bringing of new

manufacturing acgives a biographical sketch of George %y. tivity to our

D. Pyper, A Danish Neighborhood state!"

Sunday School by William Mulder, and The Deaf Shall Hear the Words?:,-. UTAH

of the Book, by Clarence S. Barker. MINING

The usual Sunday School features and ASSOCIATION departments abound.

JUNE 1949 415

&WV

Hanaunau, Hawaii Gentlemen: ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

"Deing a missionary in an isolated district of Kona, Hawaii, 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th 6> "C,"San Diego, Calif.

** I look forward each month to the arrival of The Improve615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

ment Era so I can remain in contact with the rest of the 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

Church. I especially enjoy the conference reports which come

out following each conference. Naval Station Services

The article "which you have been running on "Baptism for L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

the Dead in Ancient Times"is worth the entire subscription information price of the magazine. I would like to know if there is any "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

way to get the entire series in book or pamphlet form. It Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

would make a very good book for reference. I would appreNorfolk, Virginia."

ciate it very much if you would give me any information which you have pertaining to this subject.

Yours sincerely, Thoughts for the Month

Elder A. Virgil Weatherford

If you pick a tough job for yourself, you won't face much

Oakland, California competition.

Dear Editors: When you have both feet on the ground, you haven't too

* I 'hank you for your careful printing of my article on "The far to fall.

* Pony Express."I have had several compliments from Drivers too frequently turn highways into dieways.

friends directly, and by telephone, and a few letters.

As I have mingled among my many patients here, mostly "If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to nonMormons, I have often told them of the highclass literary repeat it."—Calvin Coolidge.

magazine published each month by the Latterday Saint

Church. The Perfect Secretary

With all good wishes, machine has announced mechcompany a new A business secretary Sincerely, anical chasis elec- a mahoganyfinished having and (Signed) Ray H. Fisher, M.D. tronic personality. It is said to be beautiful, faithful, accurate,

always on time—and it never talks back. When the boss is

it the will saying, recorded answer away, phone "This is a by German Wiebaden, is right thirty out message. Smith now. Mr. seconds have You Editors: Dear

if leave to thirty wish."the seconds, a message of end you At to read the opportunity to Improveglad so have The am

it in is politely cuts informs and again time up. If "Your I like is for Zion, piece from number a Era. Each me ment time, call this please more need again."you number

I all beautiful these like feel there myself hear and and I am words.

At this time I would like to express my thanks to each Interesting Facts:

member who is helping on the welfare plan. The Linguaphone Institute of America says that speech in

May God bless you. New Haven, Connecticut, approaches the "most dignified"in

Your sister in the gospel, the United States.

Johanna Wittke There are still 17,000 horses in New York City—not including those at Belmont and Jamaica.

Houghton, Michigan People with normal teeth can exert 260 pounds pressure

Dear Editors: with their molars.

to this appreciation express to opportunity to take wish my -$- I publication of the the with anything to do have all who

Era as it is surely the most excellent magazine of its type I 'You're not prosperous just because you get enough credit have ever read. And it is especially welcome in our home, to live beyond your means."—Phil Cook.

where we have little actual contact with the Church. "What this country needs is less public speaking and more

Very truly yours, private thinking."—Roscoe Drummond, from Hudson News-

(s) Carl M. Aikele letter, May 1949.

$ LOGAN STAKE M.I.A. YOUTH CHOIR

The Logan Stake M.I.A. choir will furnish music for the afternoon session of June Conference in Salt Lake City on June 18, and will participate

in the music festival that evening.

The choir was organized in September 194S with thirty members, and has grown to ninety members. In this short time it has furnished music for

quarterly conferences, M.I.A. stake conventions, firesides, and, at Christmas time last year presented a program over Radio Station KVNU.

The choir is under the direction of Ruth Olson and Stanley Michaelson.—Submitted by Lorna Bingham, Activity Counselor

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &**$ 66haw

Let your Phillips 66 Dealer help you

enjoy your Vacation Trips From Greenville, Ohio to Yakima,Washington, Phillips 66 Dealers will help you enjoy your vacationby-car this summer.

See your Phillips Dealer for maps and road information.

WHEREVER YOU DRIVE you'll enjoy it more if your car is giving peak performance. So depend on Phillips 66 Gasoline... the gasoline

that's controlled for easy starts, fast pickup and great power, at every season of the year.

PHILLIPS COUNTRY is a fisherman's paradise. And paddling a canoe will

remind you how sm-o-o-thly your car performs with Phillips 66 Gasoline. Get it at stations where you

see the famous orange and black

Phillips 66 Shield.

HWExeve.# yov pa/me. stopso*

Philips 66 Gasoline... THE FRUITS OF THRIFT

A limpid pool, a rod and line,

A carefree man with leisure time;

The right to eat the fruits of thrift"

All these and more are freedom's gift.

"''?.:?!|-': ''":. 'W.:\

-; N\ f

<: A 'A'\\

J i.

* '***"'%%;;.:'''"'.-:

'# It,. mmi

:.,:.:..-V-'---.:'..

George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah