Cfkey Jmprovemenf

NOVEMBER, 1930

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

Foreign Lecturers

By DR. EDGAR J. GOODSPEED

;::\> r.-,

Critical Days in Palestine By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

Horsebackin'Over Mt.

Nebo By HARRISON R. MERRILL

The Fraud

By FLORENCE H. TOWNSEND

THANKSGIVING

In 7hese 'BankWhyMen and Women TfaVe Confidence

MAXIMUM PROTECTION

1 Banksj of the First Security Corporation System of any other banking organization of the intersurround the funds of customers with maximum mountain region. This is one of the outstandprotection. Their combined resources total ing reasons why customers are proud to speak

more than Fifty Million Dollars and are more of one or more of these banks as "my bank. r>5

widely diversified and distributed than those

NATIONAL COPPER BANK BANKERS TRUST COMPANY THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO.

Salt Lake Salt Lake Logan FIRST NATIONAL BANK FIRST SAVINGS BANK ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Ogden Ogden Idaho Falls, Idaho

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Payette, Emmett, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone,

Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyo.; Richmond,

Hyrum, Garfield, Bingham and Magna, Utah,

Largest Intermountain Banking Organisation

COMBINED RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS

The Improvement Era for November, 1930

F ECA8T

issue the of ImChristmasHTHE The Iimprovemeet Era differis to be Era * pvovement ent from the others of the year. Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

Sparkling, alive, overflowing with Business Munager Associate Business Manager the spirit of the season, it will George Q. Morris

abound in messages of the season Rachel Grant Taylor expressed in a manner which will Chairmen Era and Publicity reach young and old alike. To best

convey the wealth of emotion Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement which comes with the ChristmasAssociations and the Department of Education of the Church tide, inexplicable, immeasurable, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints almost untranslatable rush of kindliness and love for all humanity, stories and poems seem particCONTENTS ularly adapted, and of these there Title Page will be many, in addition to other Editorials interesting features. The UnitedParty States of Europe; A Well BalancedHughPlan;J. ACannonThird 3

Giving Thanks Elsie T. Brandley 4

a deSPRUCE,HTHE BLUE of Foreign Lecturers Dr. Edgar J. Goodspeed 5 chronicle* lightfully human

a stubborn old man whose son had The Last Command Henry F. Kirkham 8

whose but him, withno influence 9 the feelings in melted warm Words of President Lorenzo Snow—hard

presence of a winsome, unknown Horsebackin'Over Mt. Nebo Prof. H. R. Merrill 1

little grandson, will delight every Poetry. 1 2

Era reader. Written by Ivy WilAcross the Years G. Adelle Skov

liams Stone, well known and apThe Farm Edith Cherrington

Mitchell Jean Laurence Through Summer it All literary work, her forpreciated: E. Leone McCune Goodbye to Autumn want story of you willis the sort Fireflies! Fireflies! Laurence Mitchell Jean

to read to the entire family. Continuance G. Adelle Skov

November Leone E. McCune

"DABIES ant at seemChristmas,especiallysomehowimportThe FirstInconsistencyWord of Wisdom Exhibit Dr. GraceJohn A.McKinstryWidtsoe 13

long becauseperhaps one Baby, Prophet. Chapter V. American

in, underago, 'ushered Christmas Joseph Smith—A Modernj Henry Evans 15 John

the radiance of a bright star. The

Handme-Down Baby, by Ruth The Fraud. A Story Florence Hartman Totvnsend 18

M. Marshall, is a little story of Critical Days in Palestine Dr. Franklin S. Harris 22

unusual feeling and charm which From the Green Mountains to the Rockies John D. Giles 25

carries the call of babyhood to the

Fotfr -—Hugh J. Cannon 28hearts of all who have babies of Expatriation. A Story—Chapter

their own; and to those who have Alone. A Poem Rosannah Cannon 30

none, the appeal is even stronger. What I Did Not See in Utah Rose Murphy Hillis 35

Mrs. Marshall is new to our pages Hearts That See Fay Decker Dix 37

this strength ofbut on the story A True Gentleman—3 8 fair ashe bids to become member

of every Era family, and any story A Spiritual Philosophy of Life. Chapter XII...Dean Milton Bennion 39

bearing her signature will be anMutual Work—

ticipated anxiously in the future. Executive Department 43

AdultM MenDepartmentDepartment 4647 SBOURNE McCONATHY, Gleaner Girls Department - 48Q one of the recognized and adJunior Girls Department. 49

mired authorities on music in VanguardsScouts Department 51

America, has for December an arBee Hive Girls Department 5 3 ticle in which he declares that Poods for Health Adah R. Naylor 55

music is all about us and asks, Tested For a Century Dr. George H. Brimhall 64

"What are We Going to do About but only musicians,It?"Not

parents and even and teachers, we AcceptanceEnteredforatmailingthe Postat Office,special Saltrate Lakeof postageCity, providedUtah, as forsecondclassin sectionmatter.1103

ordinary mortals who love music Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

without knowing just why, are Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conwondering what the answer to sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

this question is to be. Mr. Mcrequested, will be destroyed.

Conathy offers a few cheering sugPublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. 1. A. General Boards;

gestions in this article which will $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

set us all a-thinking.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930

The Brick Man says:—

"Prosperity is like an endless chain and we, as individuals, are the links that create or destroy its power to bind us securely in one mighty whole."

The Salt Lake Pressed Brick Company believes, therefore, that some genuine good may be accomplished toward overcoming the unemployment situation, if the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker, and on down to the last and least of us, will unite in a cooperative effort to create jobs, be they ever so small.

There is no time like the present to do the repair job, the remodeling job, the new job that you have put off so long and we assure you that we are willing and anxious to cooperate fully with all those who will undertake to stimulate employment in this manner. Thereby, not one, but a number of people will be benefited.

There are a number of families who are directly dependent on us for support and maintenance, and naturally, we want to employ as many men during the coming winter as the demand for our products will permit.

Mr. Farmer: Drain that waterlogged

land of yours!

Mr. Municipal Engineer: Go forward

with that proposed Sewer System this year!

Mr. Prospective Home Builder: Don't

delay, now is the time to build at a minimum of cost!

Mr. Capitalist and Business Man: Construct that commercial building or addition now while labor is plentiful and materials are cheap!

NOW IS THE TIME TO BUILD!

BUILDUP! PAINT UP! PATCH UP! CLEANUP!

THE SALT LAKE PRESSED BRICK CO. I

319 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah Phone: Wasatch 951

I R O EDIT ElsieALTalmage Brandley J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon Heber

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

The United States of Europe musttions beof realmen knowledgewhich are andwhollynot falsethe theoriesor in whichand nothe truth is not correctly interpreted. A false philosoTN the realm of world politics no subject is receiving phy, regardless of the standing of him who advances

* more consideration than that indicated in the it, will not save..

foregoing title. The possibility of effecting such a Some, unfortunately, depend solely upon their

union has long been discussed, finding favor in some faith for the wisdom and knowledge they desire.

line of least resistquarters and meeting violent opposition in others. It is the easy way of doing—the

the habit of the indolentDesirable as this consummation would be, it seems ance—and usually becomes

almost incredible that nations which for centuries believer. It is such a simple matter to ask Father

have cultivated distrust and even hatred can be made for what we want. But the other extreme, that of

to coalesce merely by the signing of a paper. depending for the acquisition of knowledge and wisThe creation of a United States of Europe is the dom upon study alone, while perhaps more comcherished dream of M. Briand, tenacious French formendable, is hardly less dangerous.

eign minister, and in face of influential antagonists The well balanced plan announced by the Alwho believed this was merely the fanciful scheme of mighty, through his chosen servant, Joseph Smith, an idealist, he has succeeded in bringing it before the of combining study with faith will appeal to every league assembly at Geneva. thoughtful person. Thereby one comes to a knowlThe world is eagerly watching developments. edge of real truth, which is to know "things as they

Would such a coalition soothe the restless and danare, and as they were, and as they are to come."

gerous European spirit? Would it enable Italy and usisSsvo*-

France to reach a satisfactory naval limitation agreegen- for the animosity which it allayment? Would

Rhineher France and A Third Party betweenerations has existed land neighbor, or the commercial jealousy aroused 7N many of the states opposition to the eighteenth in England by the words "made in Germany?"Few *- amendment is beginning to assume a more definite

neutral students of the situation care to give a posiand active form than has been the case. Steps leading

tive answer. to the formation of a new party, which has as its

The most threatening danger in Germany seems to objective a modification of existing laws, have already be of internal origin. As indicated by the recent elecbeen taken in some localities and are under considertion, the Fascist growth, under the leadership of ation in others. Efforts in this direction are being

Adolph Hitler, the modern "man without a counput forth in Utah.

try,"is viewed by many as an immediate peril. Some Some of the participants in this movement are

observers think a revolution is imminent. It might without doubt men of high character who themeasily be precipitated by an alliance distasteful to the selves have no desire to drink, but who honestly bepeople. lieve that the dry law has been weighed in the balance

It is interesting to recall the words of Prof. Vogel, and found wanting. Others profess to see in it an

of the University of Berlin. After critically analyzinfringement of their personal rights. They want

ing old world conditions he concludes that only m liquor but do not care to acknowledge themselves as this union is safety to be found. And yet in his law breakers. Naturally there are also many strong

book "The -New Europe,"(Das neue Europa) he advocates of the new party who are inferior in charsays: "And thus much blood will flow, endless acter to either of these classes, and who would gladly

trouble and nameless suffering visit the nations before see a return of the saloon, something, however, to they are ripe for a brotherly union of European peowhich even ardent "wets"professedly are opposed.

ples—the United States of Europe."The position occupied by the Latterday Saints is

<ia<*8J<)V=i- different from that of other people. Their Church

clearly that has spoken teaches the Lord them, too, they A Well Balanced Plan teaches them to honor the laws of the land; and it of liquor. subject While on the and positively

DEFERENCE was made in a recent issue of the Era wonld not, even if they could, prescribe the course -*A to the words of the Lord: * * * "Seek ye out which all others must follow, they are not willing to

of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning, allow liberties to any class the exercise of which vioeven by study and also by faith."lates the rights of others. There can be no question

The Church has long taught that men are saved in the minds of anyone as to the position of the no faster than they gain knowledge. Naturally this Church in this matter. H. J. C.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930

Giving Thanks themwhat thenot need.to expectShe herwilltoworkstay soafterlong,hours,but nono longer,matter

and they can like it or not.

/"JNCE each year there is set apart a day on which eats Margaret her breakfast a relish, with enjoying to give thanks. it In November comes, whenV mother's enjoyment appetite. of her healthy She leaves the the hillside on have turned to her green from gold and then to crimson, when the geese far overwonders who will be on the street car—there are

head give their hoarse, unmusical call of farewell, always new and interesting faces along with the old, and the frost in the air sets our pulses racing and familiar ones. Some look so sad that she wishes

blood flowing faster. The harvest is in and all is she might do something to help lighten their load

in readiness for winter. she whose simple, quiet life is so free from hardTo the sturdy Pilgrims and Puritans who had left ship;ing, whenso fullsheof canjoy.getAndin andtomorrow'scook to Thanksgivher heart's

homes and native lands for their religion, the end of content.

a fruitful season was indeed cause for rejoicing and thanksgiving. Fearful of the Indians, fearful of cold Florelle's breakfast is a sketchy affair; she shudders

and hunger, they relied upon their Father in Heaven at the crumbs and the cocoa stain on the tablecloth, for protection, and when it was forthcoming, to him and determines to leave early enough to drop in they offered thanks. True, their homes were the downtown for a decent bite. If only she doesn't

rudest, their clothing rough and homely, their food miss that miserable street car! Almost everyone has

simple and none too plentiful; but in their hearts an automobile and it is too humiliating to be withwas gratitude for life preserved, for obstacles overout one. She envies the owner of every car in town,

come, for hopes yet unrealized, and so they raised and would gladly change places with anyone she their voices to give thanks. The occasion was not can think of. Being poor and wearing old clothes

facing a day when the whole house will be merely a day set apart for this purpose—it was a state and

of mind, an attitude. smelling of onion dressing is almost too much to

Without the warm understanding and appreciation bear.

of blessings received which comes to the thankfulTo Margaret Thanksgiving is a day on which hearted, such a day as Thanksgiving would be a there is time to think aloud the thanksgiving which mockery. If relatives gathered to eat turkey tois ever in her heart for the good old world, for the

gether and warm congeniality in front of an open stars and the flowers and the dear home ties. To

fireplace on this one day of the year constitute the Florelle thanksgiving can never come, for it is held whole of Thanksgiving, the day is lost, except as it out by inharmony and resentment.

might be classed with the rest of the days of the year.

If grudges and old hurts and unrest and dissatisfaction are laid aside like a cloak for one day, to be resumed when the time of Thanksgiving shall be over, HTO go back into the history of the Pilgrims of the no thanks are truly given. -*- 17th century and our own Pioneers of two hunTo us, as to our Pilgrim Fathers, Thanksgiving dredlives areyearscountlesslater is blessingsto face thewhichrealizationthey didthatnot inenjoy.our

must come from within, bubbling forth from the Religious freedom far greater than theirs, educational living joy ofpure which within our souls. must dwell advantages, physical are ours through benefits—allIt as result the must culmination natural come and little effort or as exert of our no except ourwe ownof gratitude, other of days as the not impetuous many selves to avail ourselves fullness. their in of them For

a of day.growth the life simplest conveniences of daily thanks owe we

to those whose faith and study have given them to 'T'WO girls there are in one neighborhood, friends us: electric appliances to ease the tasks of the day and

* and schoolmates since childhood. Now they are illumine the darkness of the night; books to glorify

grown, both attractive to look at, both intelligent, an hour of leisure; the hour of leisure itself; new vaboth good, but Margaret will appreciate Thanksrieties of flowers and shrubs to color and beautify our

giving, while to Florelle the day will be merely ansurroundings; musical instruments which carry to

other day. Margaret, upon arising in the morning, our senses harmonies undreamed of; thousands of

flings wide the blind and glories in the deep rush of things which enrich life through the sheer joy they sweet air she draws into her lungs. The barberry add. And these are minor in comparison with the

bush, turning red in the garden below, fills her with spiritual opportunities we have. Welfare work, in

a sort of rapture, and the mountains, high and firm which another's load is lightened; leadership, wherein the distance, impart to her strength and courage. in the hearts of boys and girls are opened to us; civic,

"She turns to her business of dressing, glad of the new educational and social contacts by which the influence collar and cuffs, vaguely proud of the perfect darn in of our words, ideals and actions can be felt by others the toe of her stocking, and acutely aware of the joy—all of these offer unlimited avenues for happiness.

her mother will feel when the three great bronze is only a mirroring of whatchrysanthemums arrive from the florist shop. Thanksgiving Day

other days have been, and a true day of giving thanks

Florelle arises, cross that she cannot sleep longer. only if every day has been marked by gratitude.

The shade sticks a little, and further irritated, she To fully live that day, we must fully live the days looks out to see if it looks like rain. It doesn't matwhich have gone before, finding in every hour someter, anyway, for she has nothing to wear but that thing of goodness and blessing. To send up con-

"horrid old suit, and probably never will have on the stantly throughout the year little prayers of thanks wretched little salary they pay her at the office. She for all earth's loveliness is to find for ourselves the

is glad she spoke up yesterday afternoon and told true spirit of Thanksgiving. E. T. B.

THE IMPROVEMENT=g ERA

Foreign Lecturers

in the course By totype not only of lecturersWHENof human events in general, but in particular did people first beDR. EDGAR J. GOODSPEED of the traveling or even the

gin to sit in rows and listen foreign lecturer. Indeed it

to lectures? This is a point, was no small measure the

we believe, of extreme moment erings where no particular course exotic character of his personality in the history of human culof action is necessarily expected and hence naturally of his reture, though little noted by of one's auditors; the thing is marks, that made him such a

modern social philosophers. With done simply for its own sake. success. Think for example of

it, beyond doubt, a new stage was The earliest exponent of the what it means to many a lecturer reached in what may fairly be lecturing profession whom I seem today to be endowed with a rich called the domestication of man. to recall was the wily Odysseus. Scottish accent! This, or the anFor it is one thing to sit drowsily His illustrious biographer also cient equivalent of it, Odysseus

by the fireside of an evening listenspeaks of him as hardy, which was undoubtedly possessed, and if he ing to the family gossip or wrapthen as now an indispensable elewas the man we take him for, ped in one's own thoughts, and ment in the makeup of the suche made the most of it. Again,

quite another to assemble with cessful lecturer, if he is to travel like most foreign lecturers today, scores of others in a spacious hall far afield without losing his efhe had one especially good lectureand sit quietly by while someone ficiency. And it must be said to which never failed to please,—an

amidst perfect silence discourses his credit that Odysseus did not absolutely surefire proposition.

more or less entertainingly upon shrink from long and arduous Like many of our best modern some subject in which you may or journeys in his laudable endeavor lectures it was largely autobiomay not be interested. to fill his numerous speaking engraphical in character, and as time

From this it is but a step to the gagements and not disappoint his went on it naturally became so final stage in the process, when one audiences, a thing which all the extended that it was necessary to passes directly from one lecture to best exponents of the profession give it as a series, or in two parts another. Many active women athave always abhorred. with a short intermission. The

tend two or three lectures in a modern analogies of this method single day and some times day AS I remember it, Odysseus genhardly need to be pointed out.

after day. For short periods and -** erally lectured away from

under high pressure, as at Chauhome, so that he is the august pro- \JOW it is at once apparent that tauqua, women and even men, sur- *V in this matter of lecturers, we pass this record. To such persons in this country are peculiarly forthe term thirsters has been aptly tunate. In this respect at least we

JOHNSON EDGAR in of the D,'R. certainly the position areapplied. They of Bibprofessor represent the subGOODSPEED, only nation, for not favored most the thing.limation of of the University at lical Greek

Chicago, is known to the interhave we a large native population

TJOW did it all begin? Did peomountain west, but not by reputaof lecturers, (the lector Ameripie commence by instinctively tion alone. Having been a guest canus vulgaris of science) but for

at the Brigham Young raprofessor lecturers of reason the occult then to together, and gathering of some during the summer University continents even isall other and action, pounce upon tionalize their the contacts with made 1930, he some one pi their number and students of that institution which lands, as soon as they are old be forgotten. to accept a The unnot will soon Or to address enough them? himcompel fee,—the

translation the of American author the of the of personality adult compelling did some is also he the Testament, of New self species for American make urge toward inward anwith failing—mark nation's of the as recognized one

expression, herd them together, to leading authorities on original shores. As the seals in spring

satisfy his yearning for publicGreek manuscripts, and his contriobeying some mysterious inner imspeaking? Who can say? For be butions in this field are many and pulse, seek a common goal, iso

valuable. is lecturers great of shoals not it do the the problem understood

is delighted to publish Era The in political accord the aumeet- head one or of religious that this this with article of type from an ings, where you are trying to get scholarly gentleman and hopes that tumn for the American littorral.

people to do or believe something, more will follow. Nor do they stop there, but in

but of those purely cultural gathobedience to some obscure instinct,

The Improvement Era for November, 1930

often penetrate far into the interiare plunged into the perils and this thin red line of reinforcement.

or, lecturing as they go. Indeed difficulties of existence in America. French, German and Italian lecthere are wellauthenticated in- I have seen a seasoned Oxford turers might have done something;

stances of lecturers who have in lecturer stand in positive horror in fact they have; but their Engthis manner actually eaten their before an American hotel only lish is so decidedly continental in

way across the continent, finally about as large as all the hotels character and especially in accent, emerging at the Valley Hunt Club in Scotland combined, and rail that American audiences still in Pasadena, or the Bohemian in against it. Why? He did not have strongly prefer the English and esSan Francisco. to live in it; he was staying with pecially the Scottish kind. A giNowhere therefore can the lecme. But some subtle British ingantic Teutonic sealord standing

turer be so broadly and objectively stinct told him there was not a up before an American audience studied as here. Who has not single washhand-stand in the enand loudly insisting with every

heard, right here at home, Italian, tire building. His whole social mark of sincerity that he is just

. French, Danish, Russian, Austrian, background rose up in subcon- a "kit,"perplexes our people. It

German, Belgian, Swiss, English, scious protest against it, and all seems improbable, but what if he

Irish, and Scottish—above

this is not all. The forGrimm's law is of course what Scottish—lecturers? There areall thatEvenit implied. is? Why make so much of it?

also Canadian lecturers and lectureign lecturer has often to introthey need, but they can hardly be ers from South America (Cannon duce changes and alterations into expected to know it well enough to north of them, cannon to south his lecture before he can giveit to work it backwards. No, the

of them!) Australia or New Zeawith full effectiveness all over this British lecturer may be less picturland now and then uttereth speech, country. This may seem a small esque, but we can undoubtedly

and India, China or Japan sheweth matter. But Englishmen seldom follow him better.

knowledge. change. In fact what they call It is therefore to the British

their "burden"is changing the rest expeditionary lecture force that undoubtedly was the preservation them. '"THERE us to of once of match we owe the A celebrated

a time lecturing in our species once of lecturer. in ChiAmerican But don Oxford history when

we in this country produced our cago paid a glowing tribute to a for their timely arrival he would own lecturers and were in this rewell known California philanhave died of overwork and disspect as in so many others, selfthropist, who it seemed was enappeared like the "bison or the sufficient. Those were the days titled to the credit for having dodo. Consider what they still

of the lyceums, of Artemas Ward, brought him there to lecture. He have to do. One, of my acquaintPetroleum V. Nasby and Mark then tactfully paused for a moance, whose efficiency is for variTwain. Aliens like Charles Dickment to remark that this stateous reasons highest in June, once

ens seldom penetrated here. But ment was really meant for his delivered three commencement adthe extraordinary avidity of our audience in California, where it dresses within twentyfour hours.

people for lectures, once the taste appeared he had last delivered the Of course, as I pointed out to him, for them had been formed, soon lecture. He went on from us to even he could not have done such

developed out of all proportion to the east, where I have no doubt a thing except where the populathe home supply. It is true the he continued to praise his Calition was very dense.

early American lecturer was in a fornia patron, always with the class by himself. He left nothing conscientious footnote apprising (LEARLY, the American lecto be desired. Think of such them that the remark had there turer is not shirking. He is

names as Josh Billings and Ralph at least been appropriate. It. is, working at his maximum. But

Waldo Emerson! But there were therefore, no reflection upon these if, as the English put it modestly,

not enough of him, and in accordheroic men to say that they are he is doing his bit, the American ance with the well known law of reluctant to change. audiences are,ding still better.

supply and demand, lecturers from The trouble is our numbers are other lands where there were more T3UT lest we seem ungracious let too small. What we need is

lecturers than audiences began to us hasten to say how great is 10,000 volunteer lecturers to help rush into the vacuum. the debt American lecturers owe meet the insistent demand of our

This was heroic behavior on fellow citizens for more lectures.

their part and was effected at no It is perfectly true, and I should small cost to themselves. Every be the first to admit it, that some

English novel reveals the blank of our foreign reinforcements predismay with which the true Engsent features that we cannot lishman contemplates the prospect match. One very brilliant Russian

of living, even for a limited pelecturer began by making a tour riod, outside of London. Exile of the platform, extreme right,

is too mild a word for it; it really extreme left, extreme right, examounts to being engulfed in oblitreme left, never stopping even at

vion. Further than that, one is the desk where the chairman had

cut off from true British food, originally deposited him. We supboiled beef, steamed potatoes, ham posed, indeed, we rather hoped,

and veal pie and vegetable marrow. that after warming up in this way

he would steady down and find XTOT only are English lecturers the desk again. But not at all. He

- cut off from the delicacies of continued to pace swiftly to and wellordered British life, but they Deer fro without a moment's pause for

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 a full hour, when this sentrygo feared that he might not always Vj CLEMENCEAU, once visit and the lecture came to a simulcheck himself in time. But it must "ing Chicago, was duly intaneous end. He had walked an be admitted that little devices like troduced by General Dawes and

even four miles. this seldom fail to reawaken indeposited behind the amplifier. As

terest even in the most sodden authe passion of oratory gradually diences. like the speaker, the possessed him,

is explorer Swedish A GREAT corcrept tiger the was, he around greatest the contribuof One relate his auto to accustomed intable the became of ner and profession to tions the by made touchingdiences the unspeakably

It evinced balcony. to the audible is their confreres British our emdesert the in the ofstory death

its condisapproval clapping by ideal great of the of bodiment beloved dragofaithfulof his and until tinuously, indomitable the thrift. especially distinguished An is at the emotionman. When table the picked and chairman up after leaving recently one, town the pitch,highest he throws upon

it in the set of front once more restay, complacently an extended funeral of the picture a ofscreen serene unagain All a speaker. was for paid he that hadn't marked at friend, the takenhis lamented

til lecturer himself forgot and the Chibeen in he meal while had instant ofvery interment,—thus instrument. the outflanked again he that feelingly cago; added but in lonelihis evenshowing how president vice future our Again all on back they'd supposed come grief responsisense his ofness and the until so the day, saved and on London! him in audiences didbility his lecture to

reached of the platform was desert whollynot him, and further could speaker no and the sufficientlyable himself to control he was ANOTHER denizen of the edge to slip aside from his place as * world's metropolis after some go.

chiefmourner long enough to take weeks in Chicago went so far as Not all chairmen are so comthe all important picture. It takes to sell his overcoat and even his petent. On one occasion at Chi-

a strong man to be a lecturer; heavy underwear to his auditors, cago, when I was acting as a kind

one who can even in times of utpointing out to their inexperience of little shadow to the president, most stress remember that the lecthe superiority of these sturdy Mr. Epstein secured Professor

ture platform is his goal, and that British articles to anything purEinstein for a series of lectures at faroff future audience his public. chasable here. the University. As we approached

But strange and exciting as the It must be admitted that these the hall, I intimated to the dean habits of other nationals may be, visiting lecturers probably carry who was to introduce the speaker none can surpass in sheer idiosynback to civilization (as they unthat Mr. Epstein would probably

cracy the familiar, common, everyderstand it) many a quaint anecbe present and some reference to day British lecturer. I know one dote, from our shores. In the days his generosity would be in order.

is, beHe accordingly addressed thewho when conversation languishes of man's innocency—that

enlivens the proceedings with a fore the ladies learned to smoke crowded house in these felicitousrich guttural grunt,—the ugh of a distinguished English woman terms

the American Indian, uttered in came to Chicago to lecture. After

no halfhearted, casual fashion, a luncheon given in her honor, "Ladies and gentlemen: Some scientific

but with all the satisfaction, the she drew out her cigarette case and men who are well known to the public their intrinsic reof to the worth owe this fellowtowns-conviction, the offered one of my impressement,—of

to the the searches; others notoriety newspolitely but a cigarette. Oshkosh,Chingachgook, He or Powmen

this lecturer given papers them. have Our

declined,hatan. firmly with these now is class. latter are the of afternoon We

Another Oxonian of my acfamous words: indebted to Mr. Einstein—I mean Mr.

"I Epstein—for utterances in his publicquaintance mean Einstein—tobringing Professorthe UniversityEpsteinto never smoke in the presence—I ladies."preface anything ofwould invariably address us today."

especially good he had to say with as exhilaratingan sniff: much delightful the exmost

audito the used to signalTaft secretarial life Mr. ONEperiencesOF of my

ence that something unusual was was concerned with the visit to the coming with his wellknown and University of M. Jusserand, then

infectious snicker. Mr. Taft was the French ambassador at Washso far I know the last among us ington. It was my duty to meet

to practice the snicker. With him at the train, and as I mounted

him, it may as an expression of the platform at Englewood, I beamusement be said to have perheld the ambassador, gracefully ished. grouped with his wife and a poQNE ENGLISH lecturer used to licemanThe policemanbefore a wasnewspaperespeciallycamera.joygo about among us wearing a ful over this, for as he was heard

halflength academic gown like to explain he had been in this nothing known in this country. It country only a few months, and

was his wont to retreat at intervals he now had a picture of himself to the back of the stage, a distance taken with some distinguished peoof four or five feet, and then rush ple to send back home. As the

at full speed toward his audience, train pulled out on its way down as though he would hurl himself town all the porters, cooks and into their midst; to the great alarm waiters could be seen hanging out

of the front seats, which naturally Autumn of windows and vestibules wav- 8 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 ing farewells to the ambassador. sador got the last thrust and de- "DUT many as are the benefits

Here, thought I, is a man who parted as gaily as he had come. brought us by these birds of

understands democracy, and pracAs the train receded, the Presipassage, they on their part return tices it. dent said to me, not without a to their native shores not a little

sense of defeat, "Well, he made advantaged. Not only can they

CUCH was the ambassador's arme take the money,"and handed add to their lecture repertoire a rival. His departure was no me eightyfive dollars. "But,"wholly new one on "America as

less interesting. It was my duty said I in dismay, "they only cost I saw it,"or "Six Weeks Among

after his address to offer him the eighty."The President laughed the Americans,"pointing out with

University's very substantial check. despairingly. "Well, what can we unerring eye our faults and foibles,

He declined it without stopping to do?""Let's send him the other but certain intangible values will

look at it. It might have been five dollars,"said I. "Very well,"inevitably cling to them, almost

a fortune! He said he never acsaid the President, "Do it."I without their knowledge. Thus

cepted payment for lectures while did, and received from the amwhen Mr. R. Austin Freeman calls

he was ambassador. Not a little bassador a most amusing letter, his latest hero Mr. Pottermack and

crestfallen, I informed the Presiclosing with the statement that as then informs you that this is the dent. He shared my gloom. I he had certainly paid eightyfive name of a certain American river,

suggested that we at least purchase dollars for his tickets and drawing slightly altered in spelling, you at his tickets to agreed Chiand home. Washington from room He once realize that he has never en-

I the toI got All the them. cago, and same had gotten the way

station, the ambassador kept accommodations back for eighty, joyed the ineffable benefits of thrusting upon the President the he could only conclude that it was American travel. And how unmumoney for the tickets, which the farther from Washington to Chisical he must find that historic

President good naturedly thrust cago than it was from Chicago to watchword of ours, "All quiet back upon him. But the ambasWashington. along the Pottermack!"

—xai*—-<* Tke Last Command By TOM MAHAN As told to Henry F. Kitkham

HP HE events of the World's War my buddies expanded to the cheerpushed it home. My regular day's

were filled with many thrillful warmth. Besides, there seemed work was begun.

ing deeds of heroism. They will, to be something in the very air "'P. C. Speath,'I called into

of course, be the theme of song that whispered of the final drama the transmitter.

and story so long as the memory that was presently to come. 'Mitchel, headquarters,'came

of that frightful conflict remains. "Everybody in the army was a voice over the wire. When I

But there were, also, countless in charge of something or other, say one, it will be six minutes small incidents that, in themselves, and I was no exception to the rule. past seven. Ready! Fourthree-

were only matters of detail, but, I was, in fact, in charge of the twoone.'

in the aggregate, went to the wintelephone central on that particular 'Yes sir,'I answered, 'Is that the of war.ning duties consisted morning. My in all?"''Relay this order to your batforgotten episodes, those of One answering all incoming calls and

I now take out of the pigeonholes in transmitting them again to the tery commander and all officers.

of the past. It was told to me proper parties. Often the calls Until eleven o'clock you will fire

by a buddy "over there."One were of small importance but, ocat will with any objective. At

who made nothing of it and, yet, casionally, they were of utmost eleven o'clock, sharp, you will cease as strug- a last event of the colossal consequence.

gle, possibilities. We had always to firing."'UntilRepeat!'eleven o'clock you will dramatic it has alert. be

It was, in truth, no less than the fire at will with any objective. At

final orders issued by the high "The dugout we occupied was eleven o'clock, sharp, you will cease command that brought the war scooped out of the southern slope firing,'I repeated.

to an end. of the hillside. Rough boards "'Correct,'snapped the voice

"November 11, 1918. The formed the roof, the front wall, over the wire. 'And, say, who is

scene is laid in what is humoralso, being composed of the same this talking?'The voice was a

ously termed, 'Sunny France.'Our flimsy material. Moreover, this little more human.

battery of 155 m. guns, were lofront squarely faced the German 'Operator at post of comcated in a little valley between two guns! No very comfortable situamand, Speath,'I answered promptlow, rolling hills thickly covered tion to say the least in view of ly, for we were not allowed to use

by a wild, bushy growth of vegethe incessant roar of the opposing personal names over the phone.

artillery that the voice drawled tation. here Dotted and there, well—'foe! treat of the their trees reared be long buddy.gaunt, naked now, had marked the re-—"'It'Ohwon't

twisted limbs skyward. The day "Seven, A. M. A lug dropped At eleven the War is Over!'

was bright and clear in pleasing on the telephone central in front 'Gee!'That was all I could

contrast to the usual deluge of of me. The buzzer set up a lazy stammer but there was a world of

rain, sleet, snow and mud. Even cone. I picked up a plug and feeling in that one simple word."

Words of President Lorenzo Snow HAVE a perfect right very peculiar in regard to the proving and advancing, as the into understand something promises that are made, and which fant that receives sustenance fromWE if we on its mother. Though the infant of what we may receive I know will be fulfilled,

are part yet ignorant, our not duty. I there have do may be very to sufour in the other life. We have

liii lived for possibilities this in passing it that about Church by fer in accomeverything almost plishing the duties that are imposed sixtytwo years without finding through the various ordeals of upon us in moving along in this out something. I devoted myself childhood to maturity enable it to

line that we have chosen. In the to be worthy to receive something rise to a superiority that is perfectly

past, if we had time we might that no mortal man can receive marvelous, compared with its inrelate the various sacrifices the Latexcept through the spirit and powfantile ignorance. Why and how

terday Saints have been called to er of the Holy Ghost, and the is it that this is accomplished? Beit possesses the susceptibilimake; and if they did not make Lord has shown me things and cause

these sacrifices their own consciencmade me to understand them as ties and the capabilities of its faes would condemn them, because clearly as the sun at noonday in ther. So in regard to ourselves.

of the light which they had reregard to what shall be the outThere is a divinity within ourceived and the knowledge they had come of those Latterday Saints selves that is immortal and never of what they should do. It has that are faithful to their callings. dies. Thousands and thousands

says: ourJesus will be hence of years we Lattertrue the very withproved

receiveth that receiveth "He me else, as my selves, far so nobody and a said Jesus Saints onday what Father.

is concerned. individuality occasion,certain compared he receiveth when reour he that Father, "And my

all eternity dies never from That ceiveth Father's therefore kingdom, my a to of manthe kingdom God all eternity. never that Immortality my Father hath shall be given to pearls. one allseeking found Having

unto him."are dies, it is immortal. and We he great value, went andof very

as increasing children and growing that possessed he all hesold that is in the Doctrine of Book TTHIS in wisdom. knowledge and Some pearl. secure that Thenmight if and Covenants. Now, like Elisba, of, Elijah, read we it men it aagain compared unto man He some Testament the in,New were prophets, great or Moses, Samuel, field, in a a treasurethat found unnot they might people, though degree themselves to that advanced he and found, having wentwhich,

it as it, being pass would derstand their developed of knowledge, and possessed he that everythingsold it Bible. the in because true, was possibilities extent to an immortal in might hein come that order

its truth as sure I of just Well, is am perfectly astonishing. that And treasure. that ofpossession That

it the in if as were found New I in will to advance have and you Latterthe case the with beenhas Testathe Testament. New And this line those until control we called been Saints. haveday We doctrine. this in bears us out ment things that the poscannot world sacrifice suffer that toto which and * in the Revsaid, as recorded * * Jesus sibly do. to ourselves than dearwas more St. elation of John:

been have someour lives, and these receiving our wonTO A S

I grant will that overcometh existhim sacrifice their "Tocalled mortal to I derful things about which as I sit even throne, to with on me my cirin placedence, been having as just to read you, have I am sat with also overcome, and down am cumstances that they could not my Father in his throne."sure of it as I am that I am talking

avoid suffering the loss of their to you today. Although it seems

lives. We are called upon daily There are many Scriptures bearmarvelous, it is here so stated, and

to make sacrifices, the Lord reing upon this point. I believe in I know the Lord tells that which

quiring this at our hands, and we this. I believe that we are the is true. When he gives comfort

as a general thing have complied. sons and daughters of God, and to His Saints in His promises,

It is our privilege to know somethat He has bestowed upon us the those promises when fulfilled are thing in regard to the futurecapacity for infinite wisdom and vastly greater than the words seem what will be the result of this knowledge, because He has given to have indicated. * * *

sacrifice, what will be the result of us a portion of Himself. We are "The time is speedily coming

traveling upon this path. Indeed told that we were made in His we do not want to talk very much,

a Latterday Saint can hardly susimage, and we find that there is a though, about going to Jackson tain himself in the Church of God character of immortality in the County, Missouri, because through unless he does get some knowledge soul of man. There is a spiritual our foolishness and weakness we

of this kind that cannot be unorganism within this tabernacle, would not care anything about folded by common wisdom. We and that spiritual organism has a building houses and making ourare no better than other people divinity in itself, though perhaps selves comfortable here. I know

if this be not so. in an infantile state; but it has when we first started a colony in

I have read something that is within itself the capability of im- (Continued on page 24)

Horsebackin Over Mt. Nebo

By HARRISON R. MERRILL

a century my hands itched to get at the ropes. His packbags were

leather covered, had flaps to buckle over the top, and a stick along the side next the saddle to keep them differquite were They A View of Triple Peaks of Mt. Nebo straight.

I into the ones which ent from used to chuck our tin dishes and

AM built by nature six feet disappointment. That mule which bake ovens. O, by the way, Chris

twice as steady"as shoulders, the and across handles a Pullman blueblooded bags, was a packI four inches long and three axeChris had declared "to be as easy had a bake oven, but it, like the

I and, a limp developedyet, added had long legs not content, have with of therepiece machinery upon what I had been given until fore, had been excused from acting and a deep pot.

now about the only thing I can as my mount. She was instead to What to do with the live roostbuy ready made is a handkerchief. carry a nice light pack of a few ers? That was the question that

For that reason I have felt so hundred pounds and I was to ride troubled everybody but Chris.

sorry for my friends, the horses, a black horse whom I named SinNothing troubles that gent of the that what hiking I have done in bad, because he was to act as the green forests, I discovered.

recent years has been mostly on center of my thousand and one "We'll put 'em on top,"he two legs rather than four. nights'entertainments. said briefly as he threw the pasteTwo or three years ago, howboard carton containing them on

ever, I came upon a Forest Ranger (HRIS demonstrated the fact to the top of the gray mare's pack.built after my pattern, but with that at least some of Uncle With wire and rope he tied the

reservations in both directions, Sam's foresters know how to box solidly while the roosters who gave me to understand that throw on a pack. He had a choice looked on. Occasionally, while he

he owned a mule that could carry pack outfit. Though I hadn't worked, they would crow; whyme to—well, to the summit of thrown a Squaw or Diamond shouldn't they? They were on the

Mt. Nebo and back. I doubted hitch for more than a quarter of top of everything.

his word, though I knew him to be an honest man, but told him

I wouldn't mind trying the thing.

This summer I turned scientist enough to attempt the experiment.

with James JR.,TN"* hereafterCOMPANYto be as Jim, known

Kennard and Charles J. "Chic"

Hart I went up Salt Creek. What

now seems generations ago, I used to sing campaign songs about going up Salt Creek, but at that time

I had never had that thrill. We

left Provo in a car; Chic and I in

the front seat, Jim and a pair of white roosters in the rear. The

roosters were Chic's idea.

When we arrived at Mt. Nebo

Ranger station we found Aaron Christianson, the ranger, hereafter to be known as Chris, and Earl

Worthington, his assistant, saddling the horses.

Right there I met with my first We left the Ranger Station

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 11

times. Once the old ones. Chic and Jim and I made

pack animal actually one group; Chris, DeMoisy, and

tried to scrub them Ralph, another; and Earl curled

off under some aspen up in his quilts alone by the fire.

limbs and did sucChic slept between Jim and me.

ceed in nearly tearing Each of us two outside ones took the box to shreds. a grim hold on the blankets and

A scramble for held tightly, stretching them over wood and water beChic until next morning he degan. Such an ambiclared that it was like sleeping in

tious group of ram- a tent without covers except the blers I had never ridridge-pole.

den with. Each There above the smoke and

seemed eager to outgrime of the world we lay faces do the other. It may up to the stars, There was no

have been the effect moon and the constellations of the mountain air whirled in glistening droves across Chris throws the pack on—-we were nearly the fields of heaven. The Milky

11,000 feet up. Earl, Way was like a neverending river

T\7E LEFT the Ranger station I think, was the most ambitious; of foam in which Cygnus, the

around 3.30 p. m. and behe went after his wood on horseSwan, was almost engulfed. All

gan our ride up the final exclamaback. night long the animals of the Zotion point of the Wasatch Moundiac, like a heavenly Barnum and

tains. It was a glorious afternoon "DUT what a supper! We were Bailey parade, tramped above us,

and even my horse seemed to enjoy *-* just ready to sit down to that matched dimly by the lights of the scenery. bakeoven full of potatoes, onions, Fountain Green, Moroni, and

Far up the mountain we rode and bacon cooked in the most apEphraim which we could see like around from that neverending proved sheepherder style when over stars in the world below.

"hogback"that the desthehas been pair of many BUTwindhow did hikers, into some howl. If Mr.

timber. There we Yipyap attemptsaw, set among ed any serenade

the trees, a sheep he was completecamp. No one ly drowned by

was at home, but the howling of

Chris helped the wolves of the himself to a hind air that barked quarter of mut- 'round our pilton saying that lows. The wind

we'd need it and gnawed and tore that he would see and scratched at the herder as we our canvas cover went along. without cessation

Sure enough, Single file along the protruding ribs of the world all night like like a lonely figbands of wild ure on the rim of a whirling world, the ridge behind us came a horse and predatory animals. I used

he sat far up against the sky as carrying two fellows. They were my hat for a nightcap thereby

we climbed toward him. Chris Charles DeMoisy and his son, hopi ng to keep my head away from

told him of the mutton and then Ralph. Charlie is supervisor of the flashing teeth of the hungry

suggested significantly that the the Uintah National Forest and (Continued on page 24) sheep should be kept below the had told us that he would achanging valleys made by the precompany us if he could.

historic glaciers. There around that twomile-

high fire we ate. Mt. Nebo, how-

A T DUSK we found ourselves ever, was blowing his head off.

nearly to the summit in a sort Whether he was actually bragging of scoopedout valley. Here the or merely objecting to our presence

Ranger stopped and we unpacked we never learned, but he certainly and unsaddled. Sinbad, I think, did blow.

felt much as his namesake must But mutton!—Cooked in deephave done upon one of his returns fat! My memory of the supper

alive to Bagdad. I liked Sinbad, fails at the mutton!

however; he was a true and conscientious friend. A FTER supper, bear stories

The roosters were quite sub- * and such tall ones! Then we

dued. They had been shaken and began looking for hard places to

scared half to death a hundred sleep—no one expected to find soft With mountain appetites

Across the Years Continuance

Adelle Skov G. By Adelle G. Skov By

is the when month NcOVEMBER in wintery must all come things heart his his he within songs day "T/ will A across the not out LL OU Frost attention. their share of know—yet for J- sang, years. /i the is just around is here and snow his forth in melthe solitude poured life's Or toiling thoroughfare, busyWhile up

we've come all as just corner—and ody, the ray mist through no of hopeWhen days the sweet, believe that hazy to spring thought gurgling new some by Or appears,

to here are of Autumn stay—that began, a courage, for there is need andAnd

is captured hillside the color on the o'er of mediocrity; soar ways prayer To

blue fragrance that and and summer, born, were words the upton I'll also be, road AndSomewhere last clouds skies white would and them the bend, aroundBehind—ahead—perhapsAnd I shall know that you have need of forever. Brainchildren of a pure,anda virginmusic mind,cradled

me, The one thing which can be He dreamed that they were strong with

I shall not fail you then, who are my summery in November if it wants strength of men, friend. to be, is poetry, and so we let fireWhose growth leaves youth's small frailflies flit through the snow and ties behind.

And if across the years no cloud should summertime thoughts rest side by rise Inconsistand side with November will be called not the One who Then 1 the happiness for wish you, mar a yearn IfTo others. you ency and denied,

life its all in eyes beauty andShould your read little departed after summer his voice, heard ere the world had And all its in irridescentRemain it back, to bring hue—poems summer sped he

I'll the also be, road uponSomewhere read if too much, yearn but you as untried, yet labyrinthine ways Through the bend, around other poems to help you forget. And

the of heartBehind—ahead—perhapsAnd But stay—-inwith him yondersong, andtreehisthatcreationsmarks fled.the me I shall know, for light rest,

answering joyWith for you, who are my lie the mingling with bones mortal Where friend. dust, All Summer Throu&h stir robin's in the notes sweet day By!!eJ3oiBy Jean Mitchell Laurence breast,

And tell of courage, confidence and trust.

I in ecstasy nightingale the night, dream of you. By

flower, of his melody. echo Picks up the The Farm ALLThesummerperfumethroughof a

view, the mistveiled early dew, By Edith Cherrington The -<xr3ZdKT hour. magic Recall some

through. all of summer you I think is substantial in so SOMETHING clear, seems more brooklet The a farm

stars the more true, November blue, skies more The solid daily of bread promise our A dear. I you, have Since known will be completely every That mouth E. McCune By Leone fed,

for you, I wait through summerAnd every body sheltered, safe and warm. All

seems. waiting long the But "\ TOVEMBER skies are gray and cold,

old, bleak here mountains flew and two fast we time November when x\ are, are How there luxuries hours andLong leafless things; bare, dreams. shrubs, trees enchanted love's and Her Shared few;

rings. all through, I music bird's of for echo summer you long No the the of breaking can watch But who

lay, I uninviting depart. the days watch meadows Her day

play, hue their children and renew laughing autumn romp woods When No fields the smell fragrant of newAnd fragrant I'll heart. bloom, rich with fold to gardens you And my hay, mown

dull gloom, in wintry and Are wrapped life fail better find to than he knew.Then

cheer, Summer's Indian gay Bygone

There is a magic in the broken sod, November days, so lone, so drear.

Magic in planting seeds to see them rise Fireflies! Fireflies! -"HK'eJSVSK—

And grow and ripen under changing skies By Jean Mitchell Laurence

That makes a man feel closer kin to God.

FIREFLIES! Fireflies! Inconsistency

—HcrfO&SXrDancing through the night.

Have you floated from the skies, By Grace McKinstry

Goodbye to Autumn Fireflies,Goldenfireflies,flecks of light? T/AITH? No, I have not faith;

Why are you so bright? X If I can't understand

By Leone E. McCune Are you spirits in disguise What guides my daily life

Fireflies, fireflies? And makes it plain, wellplanned,

leaves will fall, Fireflies! Fireflies! ThatI will hasnot notseek reasona mysticas forceits source."gentiansTOOToosoongoonyourthe gaudyscarlet

Lay beneath the snows, Winged gems of light.

Too soon. Were you wafted from sunrise And. speaking thus, he went

Inro dusky night? (For it was dusk) and found

Too soon the purple haze on hills, Fireflies, fireflies, A button on the wall

Too soon the crimson sunsets Tiny sparks in flight! And turned it half around;

Pass within the murky fog, You are like a thousand eves, At once there flashed a dazzling light. Too soon. Fireflies, fireflies. Yet does he understand it—quite?

Tke First of Wisdom Exhibit Word Word of Wisdom—its By HT HE Word of Wisdom found itsTHEprinciples and results * way naturally into this magforms one of the most popDR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE nificent display of the world's hyular exhibits in the International gienic knowledge. The Relief SoHygiene Exhibition at Dresden, President of cieties of the GermanAustrian

Germany. Thousands visit the the European Missions Mission were studying the Word

exhibit daily; receive Word of of Wisdom. Sister Hyrum W.

tracts and information Wisdom Valentine, the wife of the mission passed the several any of by exattendants, the missionary from president, in search suitable of mapositions this held in year Europe. is visitors'large the book and terial, Dr. met Vogel, scien- M.

all exhibitors countries The from filling and names with rapidly up tific director of the of Museum have in spirit conformed to desire persons addresses of who the Hygiene, and the had opportunity ideals of the exposition. EuroNo further information. of explaining to the him of Word is spectacle pean seeworth more startling and be both as This a may guide Wisdom to health. The ing. to pleasant the Latterday news science of man became interested

Saints, who have so long found This is the second exposition of to the point of publishing in the it difficult to present to the world the kind. The first, which was Museum popular bulletin a brief

the precious truths that they posheld, also in Dresden, in 1911, account of the Word of Wisdom sess. was a pioneer in bringing hygienic written by Sister Valentine.

instruction to the masses of the '"PHE exposition itself is unique. people. An outgrowth of the exWHEN the 1930 Hygiene ExIt is dedicated to one thing: hibition of 1911 was the establishposition was projected,

The preservation and improvement ment of the statesupported Musomeone mooted the possibility of of human health. It is built around seum of Hygiene, a marvel of com- a Word of Wisdom display. The

the monumental Museum of Hypleteness and impressiveness in idea then took root, but little giene, the finest in the world, in teaching the principles of good more. At Thanksgiving time,

a vast park of shady trees, green health. The whole world received 1 929, the writer and President Edlawns and colorful flower beds. inspiration from the original good ward P. Kimball, President ValIn aim as in beauty it is unsurhealth exposition. entine's successor, talked over the

14 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

I I 1 fine frieze under the ceiling. The

two tables carry tracts and books;

and chairs are provided for the weary. pLDERS Serge F. Glade and

Lj Kersey C. Riter of the German-Austrian Mission have been

in attendance since the opening of the exposition in the third week in May. Elders Hermann Kluwe

and Otto Baer of the SwissGer- man Mission have been in attendance since about the first of August, when the increased attendance made the work too heavy for two men. As far as possible the visitors are taken through the exhibit

in groups and addressed by the attendants. Great interest is manifested in the exhibit by all. Prommatter with Hon. A. T. Haeberle, wall is observed. The lighted sun inent professional people from allU. S. Consul at Dresden, a friend—the Word of Wisdom—is rising parts of the earth have made favorof the Valentines, and a fine type from the sea of ignorance, and able comments upon this method

of broadminded, intelligent public radiating from it are the rewards of preserving human health. Inofficial. Correspondence ensued, of the Word of Wisdom—health, vitations have been received to give

and at last in late January, 1930, long life, wisdom, etc. The rays Word of Wisdom information in

the Church was formally invited are lighted alternately, with fine other lands. As high as 30,000

to make the exhibit. Dr. Vogel's effect. In the middle of the floor have passed through the exhibit in

knowledge of the Word of Wisstands a large globe, slowly roone day; the average is near 5,000;

dom removed scientific opposition; tating, and showing in brilliantly about 120,000 tracts were distribConsul Haeberle's intervention lighted spots the points on earth uted the first two months.

is tolerant the action; the the teaching and wherebrought Church principles ol of '"THE the Word left the directors of theattitude the of of Wisdom. Word On correspond best to the Wisdom

is final side invitaendless, yielded the wall aexhibition moving, findings science of surnot and do tells lighted president oftion. the the story ribbon Eurowhich The prise the professional though man; the of the of Mission onepean of made was on and Wisdom; Word interest they greatly the layman.

is of the the committee large a Expohonorary opposite wall comresults the But of the practice of the president ofsition, the parative physical, and the statement of the of imperfectly Word Wisdom, Dres- a Mission, educational conditionsGermanAustrian moral and as the Latterday Saints prachave to invited resident, parwas theden Saints, Latterday among it, ticed are all, astounding to parfunctionsticipate in the notable results the of the showing Word ticularly as the hygienic system the of the openingconnected with of charts Photographs, Wisdom. as the known of Word WisdomExposition. several posters, Eland drawn by tested has been for nearly one hun-

J. der Blaine Freestone of the years dred of by a group people now exOF WISDOM WORD A British cover the Mission, open nearly numbering three quarters of behibit been not made had spaces the flags walls. on is It a million people. The greatest the effort.fore. a pioneer This was of in the nations the which Church health in experiment history. existing exof study was madeA is its delivering a message form (Continued page on 41)positions; FarnsReed Elder W.

worth of the Netherlands Mission was called to Liverpool for consultation, then sent to Dresden, where in collaboration with Rendall N. Mabey, Hellmuth Plath

and William I. Palmer, and under

the vigilant direction of President

Edward P. Kimball, the booth

was constructed. At the same time,

the writer compiled the necessary vital statistics and wrote the desired tracts, which are published in English and German.

'T'HE exhibit is effectively located * at the front entrance of the

League of Nations'building, near the rooms devoted to the International Red Cross. Through the

open door the illuminated main

Joseph Smithed A Modern American Prophet

a great way from ManBy was then that the cat came out ofNOTchester, where Joseph the bag, as we still say. He wantSmith lives, is a place JOHN HENRY EVANS ed to know, this man did, just

called Macedon. In order to get when "Joe expected to make use

theto this place plates he had dug up out of the Smith from hill."farm V ofthe through Palmyra. passyou must

Now, in Macedon there lives a woman, a widow, who wants a felling trees in his Ohio home. XTOW, all this very much surwell dug. For some reason she And now we observe him at work * prised Father Smith. For, as a

wishes the job done by the young digging a well for this woman in matter of fact, not only Joseph man who is so much talked of Macedon. himself, but every member of the

to family, pains not had taken in not believe Folk who dothese Smith. No days—Joseph reveal, confiexcept very to some religious claims, do Smith's Joseph else she sends will do. Soone

word to him by a neighbor, a not take kindly to the idea of a dential friends-—one of whom, by

man whose name is Warner. And prophet doing manual work like the way, was Martin Harris,

she says, very particularly, that that, and they ridicule him on that either the whereabouts of the plates she will pay him in cash. account. But they do not tell us or the time when it was expected

just what they think a prophet they would be taken out of their 'THIS work comes in the very should do for a living. Nor are hiding place. How did this man

nick of time. For the young they willing to say in what recome by his information—if inseer needs a box, specially made, spect such work as he did is disdeed he had any? That is a quesin which to keep the ancient rehonorable. tion that has never been satiscord, and the Smiths have no factorily answered to this day.

ready money on hand. How VtTHILE Joseph is at Mrs. Thereupon Father Smith decidMother Smith ever expected to pay ** Wells'(that is the name of ed to do a little detective work on

halfcash, as she promised, for that the woman for whom he is workhis own account. He meandered

chest, goodness only knows. She ing), his wife Emma rides up round among the farmhouses in

had faith, no doubt, that the to him one day on a horse with the neighborhood, visiting now money would somehow be forth- a willow withe round its neck. this one and now that, and talkcoming, since it was the Lord's She has something very important ing and gossiping. And none too

work after all. Joseph therefore on her mind. The ancient record soon, either, as the event proved.

jumps at this offer of a job as an is in grave danger. For, at one place where he called,

opportunity to earn money enough It seems that the very next day some men—ten or twelve of themto pay for the chest. after Joseph received the plates of in all—were engaged in what apAnd so we now find him enthe Book of Mormon a neighbor peared to be a very interesting congaged in the humble task of throwof the Smiths sauntered on to versation in the back yard. Willard

ing earth out of a well and rockthe farm in that casual manner Chase, a Methodist classleader, ing it up after the manner of the people have when there is somewas in the group. So also was a

times. thing in the back of their heads man who had the reputation of

which they don't want to bring a conjuror. This man had come

"DOR Joseph Smith is not at all to the front where you can take sixty miles at somebody's invitaafraid of work, no matter how a good look at it. This man betion to do something very particvicinity. this in gan a conversation with Father ular That was it is it honor menialhard is—so clear its face. very on as shall seeorable. we Smith. That we

go on with this story of his life. First he spoke of the weather,

Already we have seen him at varithen of the prospect for farmers Y\7HEN Father Smith approachyear, together with the vv ed, the conversation cameous kinds of manual labor—on the coming

his father's farm and the farms prices they might expect. From to an abrupt and awkward pause,

of the neighbors; in that old Spanthese topics he went to matters and the men's faces took on that

ish mine of Josiah Stoal's, in that touched more closely the inqueer look we all have seen under

Pennsylvania; and most probably terests of the Smiths—how the similar circumstances. Mr. Smith,

in Joseph Knight's mill in Colesboys were getting along, their of course, noticed this. It could

ville, lifting sacks of wheat and probable future, and so on. Finalnot have been otherwise. And so,

flour. Presently we shall see him ly he came to young Joseph. It after greeting every one, including

16 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

the conjuror, he went into the That was the story she told till they are reassured by his wife.

house under the pretext of wanting Joseph, when she reached the place to see the weekly newspaper. But where he was working. "VfEANTIME Joseph goes after

he took particular pains to sit near -*- the ancient record, which, as the door, where he could pick up JOSEPH listens to it till it is we know already, is hidden in the snatches of the talk, so as to gather J done. Then he takes out of hollow trunk of an old birch log

its import. his pocket that curious instrument in the woods, about three miles

In the main the conversation which looks like a huge pair of from the Smith home.

was carried on in suppressed Having taken the gold tones. But occasionally the book out of its hiding

air. voices rose Espeit advisable place, on the deems he

* alt the vision of * as the is become this case the cially was the road, go not to home by is sealed, deliver that with A,wordsNDof which a book men the diviner, who was all to one that is learned, saying, Read this, I pray but rather to make his way wrought up over the matthee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed: through the woods. This,

ter. And the book is delivered to him that is not he thinks, will be safer.

this, learned, saying, I thee: Read pray he and is gathered a Father covered Smith record by The

learned. not the said, Wherefore Lord I am

is that a scheme carried cloth, was unheavy peiople this as being Forasmuchsaith, their near draw with me plates. the left find tohatched his der arm, strong and their lips mouth, with and me, do but honour

talk, the during fore, behold, I will to proceed a do marvellous shoulders. his over wearsONCE have removed their heart far from me * *: Thereis hidden under the cape he

* * this it people, work getting the among for of was wisdom when far, very not gone has He wise shall perish, the men understanding and of as to their too she loud seemed is in as he however, when, their shall prudent be men 29:1114. hid—-Isaiah the think, of the woman act a over of the jumping

house stepped out through log, a man springs at him the back door into the yard from behind a windfall.

and shouted in suppressed tones spectacles and which is called the This man has a gun in his hands.

to her husband, "Sam, Sam! urim and thummim. He looks inBefore Joseph can realize what is

you're cutting your own throat!"to it for some time, after which happening he is dealt a blow with

Father Smith heard this, but he says to Emma very positively, the gun. But it does not knock

pretended to be so absorbed in the "The record is safe."him down. It is not severe enough

paper as not to have heard it. So, Nevertheless, when he has obfor that. Nor does it hurt him

too, did the conjuror hear it. But tained the reluctant consent of very much. Quick as lightning,

he was reckless. And so he shouted Mrs. Wells, he rides home with he wheels about and deals his asat the top of his voice, "I'm not his wife. sailant a blow in the face, bowling

afraid of anybody. We'll get them On reaching the farmhouse, he him over very prettily. For Joseph

plates in spite of Joe Smith and finds his father pacing the yard is a large, powerfully built man, all the devils in hell!"in great perturbation of mind. used to wrestling and other athletic

is, "Father,"Joseph says, going up sports, as everybody in his neighPretty soon—as soon, that

as he could do so gracefully to him, "there is no danger. Everyborhood knows. As soon as he

Father Smith laid aside the paper, thing is all right. There is no sees the miscreant on the ground,

saying to the woman that he cause whatever for alarm."At Joseph runs at top speed.

would come back some other time which the father is relieved, for to finish reading, his and went his speaks son as one farther half a mile who knows on ABOUT at the door. frontout, is talking about. he what time. a second he is assaulted

He hurried home and told EmIt is not, of course, by the same better to she that Joseph go hadma for as before, fellow that bite a eat taking man to A FTER tell asas possible soon and him sufficientrecovered it is have not could after ardark he when on. the going samewhat was At to ly to plant outrun Joseph and Carlos, sends who rives—Joseph related the substance to hertime he in the is himself young way. years eleven The old, to their now conversation the heard.of he had assailant, too, this lays athlete out brother to have come him Hyrum

as he has done"C MMA did not seem to be immediately with the chest, which on the ground, just alarmed in the least. She said, has been made and is waiting there the other one, and races on as fast

"I guess if Joe is to have the recat the house for its precious treasas he can towards the house.

ord, he'll have it, and no one can ure. For by now Hyrum is marBefore reaching home, however,

a year. he is assaulted a third time bystop him."ried—has been for nearly

But Father Smith replied, "He When Carlos reaches Hyrum's, still another man. And this one

will if he is watchful. Remember the couple are at tea, with two he disposes of in a similar manner.

that for a small thing Esau lost of the wife's sisters. Just as HyWhen he arrives at the house, he

his birthright and his blessing. It rum is in the act of lifting the is out of breath. Also he is very

may be so with Joe."cup to his lips, Carlos enters, much frightened, as well he might

"Well, if I had a horse,"said touches his brother on the arm, be, and very tired. He has had

Emma, convinced by that way of and whispers something into his a narrow escape. So, too, have

putting it, "I would go and see ear. Whereupon Hyrum sets down the plates he carried. Resting a

him."the cup, springs up from the table, few minutes, he relates what has

A horse was accordingly proshoulders the chest, and rushes out taken place. Father Smith and

cured for her, a stray from the of the house without saying a two others go out to see if they pasture (that was what the withe word—much to the bewilderment can find the men, but return from

round its neck meant), and she of the sistersin-law, who think the search without any clues to went off to Macedon. he has taken leave of his senses, their identity. It is found that

The Improvement Era for Novemberf 1930 17

Joseph, in these encounters, has Bible."On seeing them, however, fatherin-law to find out whether

dislocated his thumb. It is soon Joseph rushes out at the door, one of the boys could not come

put into position, though, by his shouting and beckoning to those for him and Emma and take them father. behind him, as if he had a great to Harmony to live there for a

army at his call. The ruse serves time. In response to his letter

r\NE thisafternoon,series of incidents,not longJosephafter itsto theirpurposeheelswell,intoforthethesurroundingmen take Alvato ManchesterHale, Emma'sintendingbrother,to comesmove puts on his overcoat and leaves the woods. the pair to a more secure place.

house. He is now working

again on the farm with his:NE day, before the refather and his brothers, so moval, Martin Harris

as to be as near as he can be W,O unt\o all those that discomfort my people, meets Joseph, with Alva, in testify against drive, them, murder, and and and treasure which sacredto the the usual After saith shall Palmyra. generation vipers of of Hosts; a the Lord his to committed beenhas says, Harris greetings, Mr. hell. the not escape Behold, of damnation mine

keeping. eyes see and know all their works, and I have in "Mr. Smith, here is fifty

When he comes back, he reserve a swift judgment in the season thereof, dollars. I give you this to

calls to his mother, who is for them all; How long can rolling waters remain do the Lord's work with.

shall stay the heavens? power What oilimpure? preparingupstairs some I it to the Lord give As No; well stretch his forth to stpp might man arm puny to come painting,cloths for for his work."own the river Missouri in its course, or to decreed turn

down, that he has someit up&tt\eam, as to hinder the Almighty from "I don't want it as a gift, thing to show her. And pouring down knowledge from heaven upon the Mr. Harris,"says Joseph;

when she does so, he lays heads of the Latterday Saints. "I will take it as a loan,before her a breastplate,—Doc. and Cov. 121:23, 24, 33. and give you a note for it.

which he has taken from Maybe Mr. Hale here will

that stone box in the hill. sign with me."

This breastplate is concave on T2EFORE long Joseph receives Mr. Hale says he is willing to

one side and convex on the other. another intimation that ando so.

It extends 'downward from the other attempt is in the making But Martin is insistent. The

neck to the pit of the stomach for finding the record. So he digs money is a gift to the Lord, and

of a man of extraordinary size. up the plates and the breastplate he calls others who are present to

It has four straps of the same from the hearth, takes them in witness that it is a gift. So Joseph

material to hold it on the body an armful of clothes over to the takes the money. He is sorely in

two running back over the shoulold cooper's shop across the road, need of it.

ders and two running down to the and buries them in a quantity of When the time comes to move hips. These straps are exactly the flax in the loft. Then he tears to Pennsylvania, the gold book

width of two of Mrs. Smith's up the floor downstairs, places the and the breastplate are boxed up

fingers, for she measures them. empty chest there, and renails the and put in a barrel of beans, after

The breastplate having been exboards so as not to show that which the head of the barrel is amined, Joseph places it in the anything has been disturbed. fastened securely. Thus Alva drives

chest with the book of gold plates. That very night a gang of men, Joseph and Emma, with the sacred

led by a girl named Chase, a sisthings, to his father's home.

COME time after this Joseph ter of Willard Chase, comes to the * comes rushing to the house, place, rummages the old shop, A S SOON, however, as it begreatly upset. "Mother,"he says, pulls up the floor, and smashes the ** comes generally known that

it. Joseph has gone, a number of men "has anyone been here—some men chest till you cannot recognize

looking for the record?"This Chase girl had found somecollect, determined to follow him

"Not that I have seen, Joseph,"where a "green glass,"through and get the "Gold Bible."About

she answers. "Why do you ask?"which she is able to make "great fifty of them go together to a

"Because,"he replies, "if they discoveries,"as she claims. But Dr. Mclntyre, and ask 'him to lead

for the whereabouts of the "Gold Bible,"different idea of things. haven't,soon—a theymob willto searchbe here pretty she does not suspect the present them. But the Doctor has a quite

plates. They must be moved somealthough she comes within an ace "You're a pack of fools,"he

where else."of doing so. tells them. "Go home and mind

Accordingly a part of the hearth your own business. If Joseph

is dug up and the plates and the "VfORE and more, as time goes Smith has work to attend to, that breastplate buried under the brick. * * on, it gets clearer to Joseph is his affair, not yours. You

A man named Braman, an inthat if he is to have any peace to ought to have work of your own timate friend of the family, helps translate the engravings on the to do."

with the work. For Joseph has ancient plates, he must go someThis blunt refusal does not

told him of his apprehensions conwhere else for the purpose. His dampen their ardor, though, for

cerning the ancient record. Others wife's home was Harmony, Pennthey immediately set to work tryof the men folk come into the sylvania. So he decides to move ing to choose a leader from among

house about the same time and lend there. themselves. But in this they can-

a hand. At Joseph's request Mother not agree. Every one wants to

No sooner is the task accomSmith makes a call on Martin Harbe captain of the group. And so

great they break up in a great row. plished than a crowd of men, all ris—of whom we shall hear a

sacred armed with guns and pistols, come deal presently—to ask him to come And Joseph, with the

up to the house, determined to to see her son on a matter of busitreasure, goes on his way unmosearch the premises for the "Gold ness. Meanwhile, he sends to his lested. (To be continued)

Tke Fraud

By FLORENCE HARTMAN TOWNSEND

Illustrated by Anna Lewis Evans

LL DAY long inthe spaciousAold mansion there had been the bustle of preparation at least as muqh bustle as one small person can make. For days,

in fact, the longunused chambers had been opened and had been undergoing a thorough cleaning and airing. Sheer muslin curtains,

tender with age, had been carefully laundered and rehung. DimThey filled their arms with evergreens and turned homeward.

patterned rugs had been sunned and cleaned. The silver, every to the plantation without a shiver, old Dr. Blanchard said, it was

piece heavy and solid, had been for, although grandmother had neuritis. And so neuritis it was.

polished by Hallie's own hands put her signature to eacjh legal and taken to grandmother for her instrument that meant the sale of critical examination and approval. another block of the once extensive Ai.FTER Hallie was

The rich but thinworn linens had estate, the plantation still remained assured that her grandmother inspectedbeen mended. and leave her ever not likely would endin her mind's The intact eye—angreat the radical library and living room she had rooms again, made far fields as cotton less stretch of

had been thrice cleaned and furas one could see. She refused to changes in the personnel of the

bished, and the many gleaming recognize a decline of fortune, but plantation. The swarm of lazy

stair treads shone resplendent from still reckoned as she had done fifty darkies were routed from their vigorous polishing. In a word, years ago; rich fields aswarm with comfortable quarters and old Sam,

the whole place had been stirred numberless blacks from the quarhonest, hardworking and dependand shaken as from an ageold ters; house servants at her beck and able, was put in charge of the

slumber, and now stood, in the call; lavishness as to food and farming. By degrees Lottie was

midst of its unshorn surroundings, clothing, and all the soft luxuries disposed of, and Hallie immediatelike an aristocratic old lady calmly of living. It was not a mental ly took the place of Maria in the

awaiting some mild surprise. defect from which she suffered, big kitchen. As time passed grandbut a gentle stubbornness that mother read more and dozed a

neither bent nor broke. She was great deal in her chair and noticed

H.ALLIE herself, slipas uncompromising about the ailless and less the absence of her

ping into a cool blue cotton frock, ment, that had kept her for two former servants. But about cersighed heavily, not so much from years confined to her room, or to tain things she remained unrelentweariness as from the weight of be more explicit, to the two rooms ing; her white silk stockings, her

responsibility. Guests complicated she had come to call her own soft grey silk gowns, a particular

things so, even kinsfolk, as their the living room and the small French perfume of exorbitant cost, guests, with one exception, were bedroom that Hallie had improher fine lace handkerchiefs and real to be: Hallie's own cousins. Of vised from her late grandfather's linen for her bed. She dressed as

course the sitthey all understood each day as though some study. Each morning and evecarefully uation the or less, but especially more caller to were worthy

friend whom they were bringing ning she was painfully transferred be received, and a pretty picture wouldn't, and of course one from the one to the other. No, she made in her easy chair, her

couldn't explain. It was so hard it wasn't rheumatism that had so dainty feet on a hassock, the delito make an appearance in keeping cruelly drawn her limbs, it was cate features and silver banwith grandmother's delusions. neuritis! Why, even negroes had brought into relief against the dark

Hallie could never hear her refer rheumatism, and no matter what red damask of her chair.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 19

In the main, Hallie had manBurch. 'I can think of nothing

aged very nicely. It was only I would find more enjoyable. You

when company came that she was.S$k are very good to give me the op-

I have been told theplunged in misery. But she in- /: portunity.variably humored her grandmother *\*SI southern negro is very picturin her whims and seconded her esque."

statements to friends about conditions on the plantation. At best

the pretense had been unpleasant, 1 HERE was more of for Hallie was by nature simple that, but Hallie heard none of it.

and frank. Now, at the advent She quietly excused herself and

of a strangerguest, she sighed slipped out to the kitchen. Maria

heavily at the embarrassing prosand Lottie were just leaving.

pect before her. Granddear al- "Oh, Maria!"she groaned, leanways waxed so eloquent on the ing against the door frame for

moot subject whenever there was support.

a fresh ear to listen, and to have "Lawsy, what ole Missy done to pretend to a stranger, who now? Tell Maria, honey."

could not possibly understand, "Maria, send Sam around to adwas bitter. joining farms to gather up the

darkies for tomorrow night. He

OHE had thought she Hallie canat Whatley's,get some atandTurner'stell himand tosomebe had prepared herself for everystopped. She ran on and on after certain to have Joe there with his

thing. Certainly her preparations they were comfortably settled in banjo. Maybe some of the darkies

for her guests lacked nothing, but the living room. There was the from the other farms play a guitar.

the very personality of the stranginevitable account of the big estate You see, grandmother wants Mr.

er was upsetting. He was a friend in early days, and it was an enNewman to see the quarters as

and, cousin, Lee herof Hanson, of picture she in life they were long trancing drew ago—darkies aside learned Lufromshe in an stately the and of and singing the doorway, in that day, a moon

cette, wellthe Terry Newman, spirit- I house, brick of the beautiful Maria. mean, what know—you architectknown of New York is drive to there she horses heaven ed had had a moon."Thank

City, designer of the famous Alland to ride, of the expansive cotton Yas m, yas m.

worth Memorial Building, of fields dotted with blacks carrying "And Maria, tell Sam to say whom everybody had heard, even big baskets of the soft fleece on there'll be ice cream and cake afterHallie. Right then she felt all their woolly heads, of night at ward. There are to be women and

of her trumpedup assurance ooze the quarters. One could almost children, too, Maria. You underaway. His eyes were searching hear, as the soft, insistent voice stand?"

and keen. How could one play at persisted, the croon of an ample "Yas'm, yas'm, I sho'do,

pretense in his presence? And yet mammy, the strum of a banjo, the honey. You jes'res'easy. I'llone must—one must. peculiarly sweet melody of negroes hab Sam out a 'raslin'early, come

The boys, Sidney and Lee, carsinging. One saw, in one's mind's mornin'. I sho'will."

ried grandmother bodily to the eye, the big house aswarm with great dining room, that had not servants, the stately balls with in presence been graced by her ladies "res'their beautifully did not gowned ALLIE H an ocnearly two years. What a easy"despite the fact that courtly men. plan her Oh, it was and

casion they made of it! The little grand day that madame told was almost certain to carry

lady clapped her frail white hands about. through. It was the uncertainty

and laughed happily. Two pink "And, Mr. Newman, we are one as to what grandmother would

spots glowed in her cheeks and of the few families whose mode think of next. She could not,

she presided over her table like a of living remains practically the for instance, miraculously produce gracious lady of royalty. Long same as then. The passing years a coach and four, with footmen

they sat over the tiny cups of have not wrought the changes here and coachman all "booted and chocolatetalked—talkedwhilebrilliantlygrandmotherand easthatold plantations.they have on Youmanymustof thebe spurred."of an ancientThererig wasof somethe remainssort in

ily—while everybody listened enshown about the place while you the rotting carriage house, that

thralled. She could see that Terry are here. Hallie will be delighted might or might not be a coach.

Newman was finding her refreshto act as your guide, for the place but sure she was that one very ingly interesting. Hallie felt proud is so extensive you could easily old and spiritless horse was all of grandmother—she always was lose yourself, couldn't he, Hallie?"that the stables afforded.

proud of her. If only "Ob. quite,"Hallie gasped misIt was not until the second day

see the quarters, trickled into Hallie's ear. Although B'UT one couldn't exerably."And you must that other bits of information

pect that. Even now the tide of Mr. Newman. You are from the it had been two summers since

conversation was turning slowly north, I believe. It will be new she had seen her cousins, she was

plantation. to you, possibly, to see our southquite unprepared to learn whatbut surely to—the

Hallie stirred uneasily and signalled ern negro in his native habitat, as talents they had discovered and for the move to the living room. it were."cultivated; what lengths they had

But the dear soul was not to be "I shall be enchanted, Mrs. gone in selfdevelopment and im20 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

provement. Allene had turned Hallie led the procession, with

artist, and now presented her Terry Newman beside her. She 1 HE melody died away,

grandmother with a small canvas was thankful, as they rounded the and the pinkpink of the banjo that fairly took Hallie's breath for house and approached the carriage with it, only to begin again in a sheer loveliness. Mazelle's voice, house, for the softening influence delightful, tinkling tune, quick

that Hallie thought had shown of moonlight. The shingles did and bright and into the pool of

only fair promise two years ago, not look nearly so curled and light shuffled a youth, lank, had improved to such a degree black, the sagging planks gave no slouching, loosejointed. He beunder training, both in New York sign in the semilight. gan to dance on the (hardpacked

and abroad, that again Hallie earth, his big shoes plopping rythin clapped mically, while hands herself gasping. Sidneyfound was streamed from.L/IGHT encouragevoices shouted time anda settings, stage designer of and house of and Maria's the door the the group from ment. Even Little writer. a shortstoryLee a pool diminishing formed tapthemselves found house of big over had, Lucettegoldenhaired brightness that the yellowed toes, black heels the ping and and it poet.night, seemed, turned glanced the moonlight and on circled, careened, bowed, boy

faces the about shining grouped ludicrous the executing while most after the It cabins. of WAS a dozen Highdoorways feet. his with movements They second theevening meal day on er, rose song, poignant, the more the as in applause too, joined, the facts all significant thesethat had after the as joined voice voice in the to an end dance came andbeen forthcoming. Grandmother melody. blotch the black melted into youth each over her clapped handshad Hallie whispered, here,""Just of open an doorway.recital their of accomplishments, set there the old lady's they and feeling a pause, a There was given.very modestly must They clustered semichair in a and down if seeking as instruments, the ofrepair living hurriedly to the room circle. not bear things do Some their in lay next round what stood, the hear piano towhere illusion contact. close the too Here invoice a began, throats. Then sing, read to LeeMozelle have and a scene It perfect. of such was was instruments, the of dependent stories, excellent his of andone artistic simplicity the that homely instantly blendwhich, however, give, voice in Lucette ato have visions Allene of Sidney and had joined. ed and lyrics hair, as threeas her golden it Mozelle's canvas. to transported o'in soul bos'om de "Rockee Abramy it Hallie,that to were, seemed the ear to longed musical know ham,

especially graceful and pulsing. Alsecret of that lush timbre, a certain Rockee my soul in de bosom o'Abralene's picture was examined again husky sweetness peculiar to the ham,

Rockee soul in o'Abrade bosom my drawings Sidney exhibitedand voice. negro ham, descriptions of his notamoreand to Hallie moved unobtrusively rockee Oh, soul."Lawd-a my each settings.ble for And of her grandmother's side. She found

grandmotherthem had a "bravo"the patted little lady's hand and lingered, loathe kiss.and a lifted girl's the it. Granddear hand 1 HEY

the the to break of enchantment I of proud am "How pressed her face. it to you! Such and The scene. granddear was quiverButtalent! accomplishments! Such profound cheek wet! was What ing her hand. Hallie spoke under to the name!"do honorYou the dear shaking emotion was

Lee, led to the Sidney and and miserably Hallie into shrank the seeing she soul? Tears! Was to the house. back way notthe that they might shadows stripped cabins, blank and empty

at her She found Mr. Newmannotice conspicuously devoid how life, stir false bustle of of the and

side again. talent of ofshe accomand was it a of or dreamghost some was that Burch, "Miss beyond wasplishments. glorious Hallie could day? more

I feeble describe. to words my a genius!"grandone "Every guess, heart her flamed but not

it in never could have imagined proudly. continuedmother loyalty. a burst in of Poor new

its It half appeal. beauty and chorused. oh, they no!""No, little left little granddear! was So possible, doesn't until you've seem genius here and"There's one only little that her, she would make seen heard your with and own isthat Mr. Newman."as as as beautiful expansive and

ears, a eyes that of and group plainly unwas Mr. Newman her power. within lay

really negroes could touch mere the turn suddencomfortable under of the conversation, so that Hallie one's soul. I shall always think

came to his rescue with a "sh--sh!"of the negro as I have seen him tonight, under a southern sky."

if "I glad been we have am the open Through give able to and some you new strum the hollowwindow came of a banjo, the sweet cadence of pleasant thought to carry away a guitar. The cousins exchanged with you,"Hallie said quietly.

quick glances, and all rose simultaneously, turning toward the I-.T was Lucette who

door. spoke to Hallie the next morning

"Granddear must go,"Hallie—and after Hallie had had such

said softly. a restful night!

"Of course she must! We'll car- "It's too bad that had to happen

ry her in her chair. Just you last evening."

sit easy, grandmother; Lee and As Hallie could only stare,

I will take your chair up and out speechless, she continued.

as easy as anything.""Mr. Newman has such a conThe Improvement Era for November, 1930 21

tempt for anything, or anyone, three days before the guests were it's supposed to be a shady secret, that is false or deceitful, and of to depart she had a long talk with I'll tell you. I do it to keep my

course he is bound to learn that Terry Newman. She learned that boyish figure."

last night's display was all sham. he would begin shortly on plans Her grin was impish. "No inIf you had thought a moment to be entered in a competition for door calisthenics can equal the

you would have remembered that the proposed Glendenning Mestooping and bending that beanhe will be here two weeks, and morial Building to be erected in picking requires."

it is inevitable that he will see Atlanta; that he would like a He nodded. "Still, I think it's

the quarters occupied by only quiet and uninterrupted period for rather heroic. Most girls are getSam, Maria and Lottie, and natthe work; that it would require ting their beauty sleep at this

urally he will understand that about three months to complete hour."

last night's programme was simply the plans; that he would, indeed, "If there is anything that will

put on as an attempt to convince most graciously accept her invitamake us heroic I suppose it's our him that conditions are such as tion to be her guest during the vanity."

Grandmother described."period required! "That applies to both sexes.

"If he is picayunish,"Hallie beHallie gulped indelicately and Now if you can really vouch for gan indignantly. unbelievably at the news. Three the virtue of this beanpicking act,

"He is not that,"Lucette demonths of pretense would be some- I shall try it myself. Remember,

clared. "He is as straightforward thing of a strain; three months of I'm to enjoy your fine southern

and honest himself as he requires lavish entertaining would wreck hospitality for several months, and others to be. I heard him say them financially. And yet she unless I take some such measures

invitation. act"proved the seconded and truth, The "beanpicking the of asterrecentlyevasion'—evadingthat his 'pet aversion is swallowed her premonitions of dis- I'm certain to put on weight."

greater return to and a much He was York enjoyable, toto Newcourse. This thing,"nodding

ward the quarters, "throws grandwhen the other guests left and quantity was gathered than could rein be weeks, or be consumed. about possibly back two Theymother and—all of us—in a very

first the Lucette the of September. paired to house in far more light."bad

looked at Hallie as if to say, "Releisurely fashion than the waiting

H..ALLIE'S cheeks flamed Halliememberonlywhatset Ihertoldlips.you,"Grandbut preparationserving of sevenof breakfastdainty traysandjustithe of and indig- a mixture in shame dear's befied. guest carried basket be as royally should the They nation.

as entertained herself sleeve granddear brushed and his them, tween it matters can't see "I that what

It a could wish! beauher been bare heaven arm. Only had How? the thinks. As forMr. Newman the tiful across in knew. Terry looked comradely hour Even and granddear and rest I think you, of

at her eyes the in his with both freshness morning, of something and all capable quite of bearing I are,it fpuzzling. that its glow. Perhaps conscious of was were

the blame."was a challenge. Very well, she

heart Hallie her in But knew would take up the gauntlet!

it it mattered matter, did that llALLIE hurried prepimmeasurably what Mr. Newman arations for the late meal, her

would think. 1 HE challenge, if such thoughts in rosy confusion. She

"Of course,"Lucette persisted, it were, took more concrete form liked Terry, and Terry liked her.

"we might explain to him that at five the next morning. Hallie She felt sure of it. She also felt

it's because grandmother is so old was gathering beans in the weedsure that he had offered her an and childish, and not because we grown garden when a cheery excellent opportunity for a frank are trying to impress him.""Good morning"was spoken over confession of their sham. Perhaps

"No!"Hallie's indignation the sagging fence. She looked up that was the test he was making.

flared anew. "Who would dare to find Terry Newman smiling If she came clean it might mean

his greether. that, like She returned of granddear speak and upon cheeks might mean—Her cheeks. He—it coloring his eyes! in ridiculous ing with her make at the thought of what warmed

Neither you nor I."opened the creaking gate and it might mean to her. But if she

joined her. continued a sham and a fraud he

imagine I can't say, "I her. could despise retired in why would And she

like this bUCETTE things when there do you despised Hallie continued if Terry happy not be defeat, while shelling peas that were mingled, are so many darkies about to do her! Her resolve wavered dizzily

it for you?"course or less, with brine. Of more

"Can't their all see you? Then, although forall athismoment.childish Itmakebelieve;was so absurd,a through he would

pretense at being people of submake-believe so transparent that stance, and of course, she, Hallie, actualities showed through. He

was a fraud, but at that she prewas sure to find out soon, if he ferred being a pretender, a fraud, hadn't already, and if she exit was too a sham., whatever you will, to beplained now—before

ing a traitor to her own blood! late

And to prove that she was laborFor one quivering moment she ing under no pricking conscience dallied with temptation, then nor handicap whatever, she was a vision of granddear crept in and especially gay and talkative all day. a wave of shame swept her. To

Grandmother did not, after all, betray granddear by word of demand the coach and four, but (Continued on page 59)

Critical Days In Palestine By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

President of RriQham YounQ University

is in reality a bridge with Egypt the East. Many unhappy days

on the one side and Mesopotamia were seen in this land, which had and Europe on the other. come to be known as the home

Egypt was the 'granary of the of Israel, even though most of ancient world and the center of the Israelites were scattered afar.

one of the oldest civilizations, and Then came Jesus of Nazareth, as such it was the point of attack from whose teachings grew Chrisof the rulers of the most ancient tianity. Since Christ had his minkingdoms, as well as of such genistry in Palestine and gave his

erals as Alexander the Great and teachings there, it became the holy

Napoleon. With all of these conland of all Christians, who felt

quests, Palestine has furnished the that they should have possession bridge of entry into Egypt. of it and should guard its sacred

places. This deepseated feeling

into action transferred during inwas to being an ADDITION Photo by F. S. Harris. TN attempts crusades, when the many has bystander * nocent which

tradiat the Rivet Jordan were The to wrest the Holy Land made passing trampled by on It been baptism. place of Christ's tional the "infidels."from Palestine had has some armies, Israel is of the children that here near

are supposed tv have crossed the major conflicts of its own. When

Jordan after their many years of Abraham first came to the land, A NUMBER of centuries after wandering in the wilderness. all was not smooth sailing; then the Christian era, Mohammed

when the children of Israel came to the south of Palestine estabback from Egypt, they had to enter lished his cult which also considers for those that Palestine land with is a holy warfare constant into a belief who has beare Fiits people. land. the occupying were Mohammedans who Bible, hasANYONEin or the who

lievers Jacob, land the and David, in Abraham, nally, under King the connection with any great religions centering in Palesbecame somewhat unified as an their successors, and consider themtine, has more than a passing inIsraelitish kingdom, but it was not selves to be the true defenders of terest in the events that are transto retain its unity for any great the places made sacred by those piring in that country. length of time. Dissensions arose, early leaders in Israel.

and Israel was carried captive into This means that there are three

Ever since the very dawn of history, Palestine has been a land of controversy. -It has been a

holy land to many peoples, and frryfc since these various peoples have not always been unanimous in their beliefs, contention has arisen regarding the occupation of the land.

DALESTINE is so situated that, * independent of its being a center from which great truths have emanated, it would have witnessed many important incidents. It is

located on the highway between the great nations of the ancient world at one end of what is sometimes called the "fertile crescent."

With the desert of Arabia at the south and east and the MediterPhoto by F. S. Harris.

ranean Sea at the west, Palestine A typical Jew in Jerusalem, which contains many more Arabs than Jews.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 23

the Catholic church at the Church iw mmmm>m of the Nativity, which covers the spot where Christ is supposed to have been born.

But this type of disagreemenl is secondary to the great contention which at present is the centei of interest for all who are watching events in Palestine. After the

capture of Jerusalem by General

Allenby during the World War, Lord Balfour issued a proclamation setting Palestine aside as a home for the gathering of the Jews, in line with the Zionist movement which has been important for several decades. This immediately

raised the ire of the Arabian people

Photo by F. S. Harris, who comprise most of the populaStreet scene in Jerusalem just inside the Jaffa gate. There are very tion of Palestine. They said that

few straight streets within the walls. the Arabs had occupied Palestine

much longer than the Jews and distinct of Not long ago in Bethlehem I that the land had been theirs for groups—the adherents

Judaism, Christianity, and Mowitnessed a very distressing conmany centuries and they did not hammedanism, each with its own tention between two branches of propose to give it up.

beliefs but each considering itself to have the responsibility for defending Palestine as a holy land.

Out of this conflict arises the present rather delicate and very complex political situation which exists in Palestine.

"COR many centuries while Palestine was under the domination of Turkey, the Mohammedans had undisputed control, although they permitted Jewish and Christian activity there to a limited extent.

As a matter of fact, the Mohammedans had frequently to act as referees in bitter disputes between various factions of Christian churches. These dissensions continue even now that the land is Photo by F. S. Harris.

in a sense out of Mohammedan Ship of the desert passing through the Jaffa gate, Jerusalem. This

control. gate was very much enlarged a few years ago.

TINDER the wise administration *-'of the British protectorate until the summer of 1929, peace has been maintained in spite of the rather tense attitude. Then there

was an open breach, and a number of people on both sides were killed.

On the one hand the Jewish people demand that the British government live up to the proclamation of Lord Balfour, and on the other, the Arabs demand their rights in a land they have occupied so many centuries. No one seems

to want to take the blame for the recent uprising, which is not wholly settled even at the present time.

SKSBB/KBSSmtBmmsmmmSmsm Photo by F. S. Harris. Each side blames the other for

Field in outskirts of Nazareth. When Jesus was a hoy he probably too much aggression. Those who

passed this way many times. have been the most ardent Zionists

24 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

have hoped that Palestine could ous Christian groups are looking concerned with maintaining it as become an almost exclusively Jewon in a dazed sort of way, won- a holy land, are anxious to have ish state and eventually be the dering just what will happen. the problem solved without serious

home of a large proportion of the conflict.

Jewish people of the world. AnyBELIEVE that no one at the After having been pretty thorone who is familiar with the phys- I present time is wise enough to oughly over Palestine and having

ical situation there is aware that predict just what the result of this watched the events there rather this can never be Achieved and conflict will be. All we can say carefully during recent years, I bethat at most Palestine can become is that in these days the situation lieve that the situation will be

the spiritual center for the people in Palestine is critical and that adjusted, but, certainly no one and most of them will have to Britain will have to use all her group will have exclusive control live some place else. But the Arabs experience in diplomacy to work of the land. The other groups

do not want to concede even this out the situation without a major are so much wedded to it that much, because they do not want controversy arising. Those of us they will not completely relinquish

to be dominated politically by the who have a real interest in that their rights without a most sanJews. In the meantime, the variland, and in the peoples who are guinary conflict.

>o<*|Sioi- -<* Horsebackin'Over Mt. Nebo

(Continued from page 11) wind. Before we went to bed I mals, with the exception of the We returned to camp and there

supposed that our tiny valley there mule, to enjoy the day. The mule above the luscious valleys where

on the side of Nebo had been made was fitted out with a pack saddle live roosters had never been before, by a glacier or by melting snow and rope stirrups for Ralph; I they were sacrificed to the gods of

drifts; after that night, I decided I really believe he had the best hunger, and those gods, thanks to

it might have been gouged out by mount of the cavalcade. The Chic's excellent cooking, were apthe teeth of the wind. group made an impressive picture peased.

Next morning we had a breakas they went single file along the fast of bacon and eggs and a bevprotruding ribs of the world. CINBAD had lost a shoe. It waserage made by some Californian Just before making the last short *- the old story—"For want of

who was seeking a new method of climb to the summit, we paused to a nail the shoe was lost; for want

camouflaging his figs. It may be enjoy the view while Chris pointof a shoe ". but why go on?

a healthful drink, but on a cold ed out objects of interest in various Before we had reached the sheep mountainside in the early morning directions. We were on a plateau camp on our return, he was lame;

it lacks in aroma and romance, large enough, we decided, to serve by the time we reached the hog

Chris was hungry. He had been as a landing field. In my day I back where we stopped to enjoy

chasing horses most of the night expect, to see airplanes, like great a glimpse of a herd of elk, he was barefooted over some bushes to whitewinged Rocs, bear mountain sorrowful and downhearted.

which he applied a scientific name lovers up to that plateau whence Chic, seeing Sinbad's condition, never seen in books of botany, they can make the summit in suggested that we exchange horses.

It began with stickum-i and endtwelve minutes, and whence they ed with a word that has nearly have a splendid view of the triple We reached the Ranger Station lost its meaning and has lost its peaks of Mt. Nebo, by 5 o'clock and were soon back

standing among the boiled shirt What became of the roosters? in the cars again. Chris, true to

descendants of the Pioneers. After five or six hours on the sumhis type, declared that his mule

mits of Nebo enjoying the view could handle me up Nebo and an-

A FTER a leisurely breakfast, we and battling the savage wind, desother mountain like it.

4 * mounted and went on up the pite our robust breakfasts we deThe experiment is yet to be mountain leaving our pack anicided we needed more sustenance. worked out.

*- -<K4<8i*XH*- Words of President Lorenzo Snow (Continued from page 9) Brigham City, the people generally this idea. We are not going toprepared for these things that have

thought it was nonsense, perfectly morrow, nor next day, this week been taught us during this conuseless, to plant peach trees, apple or next week; but we are going, ference, and make ourselves wortrees, like, currant are bushes the there and and and many—hundreds thy, receive and everything we willbecause were to going Jackson we the within of hundreds sound my

that read I have in this to you it so speedily; voice live will thatCounty and to was to go backwith the utmost effort that we Jackson County and build a holy section."—General Conference,

were enabled to disabuse them of temple to the Lord our God. Be April 10, 1898.

iJM

L. D. S. Chapel, Independence, Missouri

From the Green Mountains to the Rockies all the cities in America, dedicated by the Prophet Joseph the I By one forlooked had Smith, August a nearly 3, 1831,OF to visiting ward with years It ago. has not the JOHN D. keenest anticipation Independwas GILES beenhundred used years. for many

ence, Jackson County, Missouri. the General Member of

earliest I From childhood my had a beautiful tract I. Y. Board A. M: M. longed for the I time when might

acres, of lot the 63 has beenstand the on Lot, of Temple which QRIGINALLY divided subdivided and until what heard I had read and so much. is left of still the parcel called the the time finally I When came, tb.e and of one principal staoutfitting contains Temple Lot only about actually little stood the on of plot tions for the emigrants. Western threefourths two and acres. This selected ground revelation by and

is not actual more much ground dedicated the of by Prophet the city the celebrated "DECENTLY is than covered the at by Temple thrill the Lord, sense satisits of and Centennial as anniversary Salt Lake the and adjoinAnnex faction all I were that expectan had organized this community and ing less and somewhat than the ed. visits subsequent on year And joined in (1930) commemenclosed ground the iron fence by to fifteensome twelve in orating the Covered CenWagon all—surrounding the Salt Lake Temple. felt have the thrill satissame tennial and sending by Scouts to Boy

fying influence. the celebration at Independence Of the balance of the original

Independence is rich in historic Rock in Wyoming on the old PioTemple Lot a plot containing 26 significance to every Latterday neer trail. From these facts it is acres was purchased by our Church

Saint. One of the oldest cities evident that the city around which several years ago and the "Reorin the vicinity, dating back to the the Latterday Zion is to be built ganized"group owns a substantial

early twenties, and one of the early has a civic as well as a religious part. The large auditorium reoutposts of Western civilization, historic background. cently built by that body occupies

this favored commonwealth has The center of attraction in Inde- a portion of the original plot.

witnessed the growth of a nation pendence is, of course, the Temple What is left of the original piece from a few states principally along Lot. Many years ago, it had a of ground dedicated in 1831 as

the Atlantic seaboard and east of fence around it, but later the fence the place where the Great Temple the Mississippi to a gigantic empire was removed, giving the impresis to be built is still the center of completely rilling the space between sion of a small city park, except interest. Years ago many beautitwo oceans. It was from Independfor the little church near the east ful trees were planted, which,

ence and the country surroundside, and the old baptismal font without much care of recent years, ing that some of the earliest covnear the center. The baptismal have grown into an almost wild

ered wagon trains started for the font is said to have been located state, giving the impression of a west and for many years this was near the spot where the lot was small virgin forest.

26 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 nTHE Temple Lot is the highest building of enormous size. Built

* ground in Jackson County. very much in the general style of

From it, in all directions, the the Tabernacle at Salt Lake City ground slopes to lower levels. It with its dome roof, it contains two

is not on a hill, exactly, but by auditoriums, on different floors, all reason of its location on high the church offices and in addition ground it gives the impression of many other features of convenience being on a hill as one approaches and utility.

it from almost any direction, The fact that some newspaper especially from the Kansas City articles have erroneously referred side where the ground is considerto the Auditorium as the "Morably lower. mon Temple"in Independence has

The surrounding country is caused some confusion. The buildtypical of the Missouri and Missisers of the Auditorium have been

careful clear very to that make itsippi and mounds valleys—rolling

it is the it is not that an Temple, It tiny valleyshills with between.

would be difficult, if not imposauditorium as its name implies and sible, to find a hundred acres of that it is an edifice devoted to "the level land in one piece anywhere spoken word."It in no sense rein that section. sembles a temple but, as stated in

is after very much Temple Lot The is owned

Salt by Lexington Street—-Independence thethe orderforegoing,of the TaberLakethe sect as the "Hedrickknown

nacle is being used for someand officiallyites"but styling a split themhas been in the ranks and similar purposes. whatselves is of Christ. the Church the present unmembership The

nickname, "Hedrickites,"comes known. distance east to the SHORT A fact thefrom that Granville attempt Hedyear ago an was made A the of church the on Templerick the of one organizers of was the the of present owners by Temis the small Lot built three churchthe group. since ple those have Lot and who or years four call- a ago group by

or either been excommunicated itself organization ing the dates'"THEIR Jesus of back Church to voluntarily have withdrawn 1 to Christ. 1856 of group the This some when withdrew from

leader, to a begin follow new the"remnants"of after the dissenchurch "Reorganization"which a excavaTemple. building An in joined the nothad sion to caused the confusion. had move much practicalfeet tion was 180 90 bywest with the of formation Young, the Brigham but second With

series a of one ly completed when left thehad a Church of and Christ remained Church few months "revelations"threw of purported,were arebehind there gathered together facago four and major now disinto confusion and the church a allorganized church. into tions Proceedconcentrated the around groups, sension. both Now twoing to establish to Independence Lot, to in addition or one of Temple the calling themselves Churchthemselves, the to that they found trying groups two minor mainTemple Lot had been cut into sevChrist, are attempting to formutain a following.

eral parcels and that the last piece, late plans for building the Temple. Practically all the land around been have may who (To those the is dedication allon which directions the taken had Lot in Temple reports of disturbed Temple by stillplace, being further was subpeople profess beowned by who it is in County Jackson building

lief as city lots.divided sold and in the of Leadmission Joseph Smith.

reference be made that suggesteders of the defeat fearing group, entitled to the article, "The iffor their purpose the nature of New Ourholdingsown inChurchIndependence,has substantialheadEl- its Temple"by Jerusalem andtheir mission discovered, States be should quarters of the Central Misthe in Fielding Smith Joseph der lots,conceived Street, to far sion. the a plan Pleasant not buy On 1930. for May, Era Improvement for the ofpresumably in of Lot, building the one from Temple

all article answers completely This is later city, transferhomes, sections choicest the to the and of them Indefuture of the as to questionsthe church. fol- a the Independence This plan was Branch chapel, the of building the and all successfully. the pendence beautifullowed buildand commodious When

lots in the remaining two and Temple.) ing which also houses the mission

threefourths acres had been pur- A CROSS the street north from offices, the mission home, for manychased they were deeded to Gran- ** the Temple ville Hedrick as trustee. In this Lot is the stone

manner title was secured and in Church of the spite of litigation and hardship the Reorganized little group has been able to maingroup, for many tain a clear and legal title to this years the headday. quarters or prin-

A few years ago the group numcipal church of bered but a few hundred souls. In that faction.

about 1926, I was told it had apAcross the street proximately two hundred memsouth is their rebers. Later, principally through cently constructaccessions from other factions, it ed Auditorium.

was said to have increased to more The Auditorium than a thousand. Recently there is beautiful Part of Original Temple Lot- -Independence

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 27

years past and at present the home;>:.. \.-.-;::.;.., dependence has a population of

of President Samuel O. Bennion, around 12,000. That this is all

and Zion's Printing and Publisnin keeping with the spirit of the ing House, a thoroughly equipped revelations regarding Independence and efficient plant, supplying milis evident. As it stands today it

lions of tracts and other publicahas every indication of being the tions annually to our missions, as v. - J ideal nucleus of a magnificent city,

well as conducting a commercial which every Latterday Saint printing business. The Liahona, hopes and believes the Zion of

the Elders'Journal, is published latter days shall be. When the

here and sent to all parts of the time comes for the redemption of building of Jackson the andworld. Branch The Independence..v Zion

will there be a foundation Countyof and is wide awake our Church flourishing. Its members give us worthy of the city which is to be

representation in Independence of built there.

which we may justly feel proud. Nothing that has happened has

disturbed my feelings in the least '"THE main street of Independence, regarding Independence, the estabrunning east and west, is Lexlishing of Zion or the building of ington street. It is lined, outside the Temple. On the contrary all

the business district, with comfortthat has happened, especially in able homes, well kept and attracthe past few years, has strengthin the revelationstive. ened after entering Soon Lexingmy faith Temple Lot—Independence Independregarding arrivington Street, and prophecies Kansas from

City, the Temple Lot is seen at Lexington street, is necessary in ence and I confidently look forthe right (south). In fact this order fully to appreciate the beauty ward to the time when this

street cuts off a part of the lot, of its setting. In many ways InChurch, under divine guidance,

making its borders irregular. One dependence is a veritable Paradise. shall proceed to establish Zion and

has no difficulty in locating the Not far from the Missouri river, it build the Temple of the last days.

Temple Lot by reason of the prescrowns the elevation upon which it is suggestion the conclusion, littleence the of white frame built, has been and from the offered that article by miles TN-* again the of "Hedrickites"orchurch it as a beautiful appears around

Church of Christ and in the past forest. The only country I have Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, in

year by the large excavation in the seen that compares with it in beauthe Improvement Era for May, center of the plot. ty of setting and surroundings is 1930, be read and reread in conIndependence is progressive. In that around the Sacred Grove and nection with what is here written.

the business section are to be found the Hill Cumorah in Western New (Travelers Note: Independence

modern stores of every description. York State. is 10 miles East of Kansas City.

As the county seat and the close The old wagon factory and It is reached toy interurban car neighbor of Kansas City which blacksmith shop which outfitted marked "Independence"leaving now has a population of approximany of the early covered wagon from near the center of the city, or mately 350,000, Independence is a trains to the west is still standing, by paved highway No. 20 leading

flourishing and prosperous place. nearly a hundred years old. In from the east side of the city.)

It is not growing rapidly but the days when it flourished first *a/&2fcs**- maintains itself with growth equal Kansas City, a small village on the to the average Missouri city of simbanks of the Missouri was called 'T'HE highest study of all is that ilar size. Westport. Between the two towns -* which teaches us to develop

A stroll through the residence from 1830 when the first covered those principles of purity and perdistricts, both north and south of wagon train left St. Louis for the fect virtue which Heaven bestowed

West, via Indeupon us at our birth, in order that pendence and Westwe may acquire the power of inport, to the late fluencing for good those amongst fifties and even the whom we are placed, by our preearly sixties, keen cepts and example; a study withcease rivalry existed beout an end—for our labors

tween the two cionly when we have become perfect ties, with Westport,—an unattainable goal, but one

its name changed to that we must not the less set before

Kansas City, finally us from the very first. It is true

to reach shall that be able not we outstripping its earin struggle our toward it, but ly rival and continit we shall strengthen our characters uing its growth unand give stability to our ideas, so til today there is no that, whilst ever advancing calmly comparison. in the same direction, we shall be

TyiTH Kansas renderedfaculties withcapablewhichof weapplyinghave beenthe vv City in the gifted to the best possible account.Baptismal Font, Temple Lot—Independence 350,000 class, In-—Confucius.

Expatriation

HUGH J. CANNON

Chapter Four

Illustrated by Paul C. Clowes

HE tropical sun had scarcely arisen from its bed in the sea when Nell and her friend started for the cemetery where

John Terry and his wife reposed.

There was a burial place much nearer the town than this one, "There's something I want to say to you."Dick's face had taken on

but it lacked the beauty and pic- a serious air which Nell had never seen there before.

turesqueness of the spot which, as Hawley remembered the story from his parents, had appealed to millions of nuts on the ground, Terry's headstone gave the usual

Mr. Terry and where he, anticiand these were being gathered and information concerning date and

pating an early death, had chosen broken by the natives. Raising place of birth and of death; that

his final resting place. Though and shipping copra is one of the over his wife's grave, besides givthe unceasing roar of the surf and chief industries of the Navigator ing the usual data, informed the

the musical whispering.of palm Islands. reader that she was Nelly Alder,

branches would fall on cold ears, A small corner of this tract had who forfeited her life in a suche was sure his sleep would be been set apart as a cemetery. It cessful effort to save that of her

sweeter if these familiar and loved overlooked the ocean and it seemed beautiful little daughter.

sounds floated over his tomb. to Nell the most peaceful nook

she had ever seen. It was not easy

to repress a feeling of envy for AilFTER a long inter- 1 HE visitors drove the silent sleepers. Without diffival, this daughter found her comthrough one of the greatest cocoaculty the graves were located. The panion sitting on the spot where

nut plantations in the world, comofficer walked away and left the he had held her as a tiny child prising several thousand acres. girl alone with her thoughts and when she was crying from exciteThere were literally millions and her dead. The inscription on Mr. ment and'the discomfort of an

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 29 oppressive day. Now she came to leave much of the work to others. his own soul assuredly revolted at

him similarly oppressed. He found After a stay of two weeks in the match, and had intentionally

a cocoanut as he had done on the and about Apia, Commodore and deceived his dearest friend in regard former occasion, expertly stripped Mrs. King continued their jourto the matter. This last act was

off the tough outer husk, and ney. Earlier even than this, Hawthe least excusable of all his dewith a few deft blows from a ley had unexpectedly and much linquencies, deceit being the one

rock broke off the head of it, leavto his chagrin, received instrucweakness which she could not coning a perfect cup filled with cool tions to proceed to other islands done.

and refreshing liquid. She took on a cruise which promised to Her mother, the girl concluded,

it gladly. consume several months. The pain was a more forceful character.

"Be careful,"he cautioned, "the in Nell's heart at parting with That she had succeeded in winning shell is still moist from the juice these friends was akin to that enJohn Terry in spite of the natural of the husk, and a drop of that dured when she left her own land repugnance he must have felt to stuff on your white dress will leave and dear ones. Then, she had such a union was certain evidence

a stain that will never come off."the novelty of the approaching trip of a will power not easily dis-

"Didn't you say something like to sustain her; now, nothing was couraged. And in that quality

that when we sat here before?"in the daughter in- a drab to and was determined prospect—only queried. she follow existence, terminable the mother's forever example, ex-

"I have tried to make this as patriated, owning no race and no There were hours when, overcome near homesickness discourageand She like the former occasion as home. that imagined the hY

I dared."> she could not cheerful; be ent whites if they truth, knew the

but was day no she did accept not as would her of one that'Vf oI not the 'S lady advi, them, and her soul rebelled whole,ce little some AFTER and [had ls- ] adopted teZuhr at of thought considering herself %searching, succeeded finding.f in Dick? 1$ morning slogan, Smile, it is for as to belonging her mother's de- a suitable cottage the Ameriwhich God's letting of way sunshine and tested people. She had not yet inable to rent can for girl was an peace into the troubled soul."

definite period. It was sufficiently learned always to differentiate beSometimes, however, there was a

near the sea to gratify a lifelong tween the Samoans and the Fismile on her lips though her eyes desire on her part to be awakened jians. were dim with tears.

in the morning by the music of the waves breaking over the reef and ending on the V ERY little time passed sandy beiach. Sometimes until Nell numbered among her

this resembled a celestial friends the entire white population symphony more than anyof Apia and the adjoining villages thing she had ever heard, or of Pesega and Vailima, as she could hear in it the mawell as a host of natives.

jestic tones of a great pipe Though she could remember organ; while at other times no word of the language upit was like the thundering on her arrival, it came to

roar and crash of a combinaher with singular ease. She

tion of all known instruhad confided no part of her ments. history to anyone except

In the garden were many Dick, and, without anyflowers, also a fine patch thing to that effect having of taro which on the been said, the idea prevailed islands usually takes the that she was studying native place of potatoes. There habits with the intention of

were also cocoanut, banana writing a book. They were

and breadfruit trees, much all acquainted with Robert more than to supply her Louis Stevenson, and this modest needs. An elderly conclusion was a natural

native woman was engaged one. She was surprised when

to assist her in the care of asked the direct question by fruit, vegetables and flowers, "She reflected on the young fellow's kindness and an inquisitive friend whethand indeed, to do anything his top evident interest in her."er or not this was her purelse that was required of pose, but the query opened

her. The natives usually dis- a new line of work of which herelike acting as servants to the 1 HE girl was anxious tofore there had been no thought.

whites, but in this instance for to honor her father's memory, but Her popularity, apparently alsome reason all of her neighbors was forced to acknowledge a cerready established, took on new were eager to render assistance. tain weakness of character in him growth because of this gossip, and

Though she entered upon her of which she could not be proud. she frequently participated in feasts

housekeeping duties with enHe had run away from home given in her honor, and was althusiasm, the languorous sunshine merely because a woman designed ways invited when some important was so enervating and brought to inveigle him in marriage; he visitor was entertained. She learned

with it such a spirit of indohad succumbed to temptation and to sit crosslegged on mats on the lence that she was willing to married another woman though ground whileeating and listening 30 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

to endless speeches. She hecame "Did you know them?"Maliewell off and this child was probacquainted with the appealing mutoa asked, and then added courteably the only heir. And now I

sic and watched the rhythmical ously, "But that could not be; think of it, Miss Redfield, you

dances in which graceful hands and you are much too young."have the same name as the gentlearms and swaying bodies play a "I often heard my parents speak man who came with his wife and

greater part than the feet; she witof them. They knew Mr. Terry took the little girl away. Are

nessed the elaborate courtliness you related?"

attending the dignified drinking of Nell felt justified in deceiving kava, by which chiefs of surroundthe inquirer, inasmuch as it could visitors. villages noted welcomeing

his Malietoa queen, CAlone bewe doneare notwithoutrelated;falsehood.at least if"No,weExking and

who reigned in Samoa before it By Rosannah Cannon are it is so far back that relationwas taken over by the Germans, ship has not been traced, but my lived in a modest cottage not far know that nothing I shall father took a great interest in thefrom hers and had become dear TO ever do case."

friends. Must make you feel how great my "Did you know Miss Terry?'

you; for need age."be about your She must own

call I and could that know To lived in the time one "At we here, bring you first meeting with H.JER I rather her same and town knew is hard, this call. Ah, not Yet may at a feast giventhese people was she well, afterward dear! but moved my

for Commodore King and his wife. away. I believe she was engaged

In keeping with his kingly dignity, I am a house divided; in me strive to be married."

Malietoa was well dressed for the Two alien forces. One would try

occasion, having on a shirt and to drive the against d<own Me lava, in to the lavacoat addition was physically I ELL doubt, and feet royal course the andbut of lonely to the other uncomfortable. The reefs ofsea—farshame as well as mentallyNi

legs were bare. As a special guest, out. She had sat crosslegged so long

Nell was given a place between that the ache in her feet and limbs steer against boat I should queen my and was If and the king it cerunbearable, but would was wall, that royalty, of at the thoughtamused arise tainly beto discourteous be tears but pain; be There might and barelegged thesitting ground on others. fore the After all menof some most

and crosslegged. Before her was You'd share with me this unfamiltal debate as to which would be the

land, looked aproasta chicken which least rather, the graceful—or would lift if we went My loadiar at apetizing, but she was loss how kneel to in hand. hand it. the solved carve king to The she disgraceful—position,mostor to ground, sit flat on the

difficulty it in his hands taking by it giving in half,and tearing one BuiWhereI mustnonetryshallto gainwaittheto openfeel sea,tridecidedtoa, guessingon thethelattercausecourse.of herMaliedis-

part to her and retaining the other umph with me. comfort, said: "Miss Redfield, we

lady's eyes dim, himself. turn burden for young may The my My feet their visitors excuse if, when

to, stone; first that he should thought was tired, stick get too out they them Life for so hard one grows who atqueen morehave shown his a cover in front with and them atone. walks

tention, but as she looked at that mat."

robust person she was forced to Yet still I struggle, fate must do the During the ensuing and comadmit that the queen was quite rest. forting change of base, the girl's

is herself. bitter I the care road to take able of For me know interlocutor former disposing was

best. finished, the Before was meal of chicken, a generous of supply if I if alt fail; hopes brave Dear, my the concluto Nell however, came fish, beef, every pork, almost and die,

sion that strangers manifest an inIt will not be because I did not try. imaginable kind of fruit and vegeexcusable narrowness of character table, and washing it down with

if they judge these people by liquid contents of fresh cocoanuts.

constandards. This American say engaged, she but 'You was Islands, the to before he well came confirmed clusion abundantly was I'll there'll bet marriage,"be no wife. his never course of met but she experiences; in subsequent and I he resumed. "Guess was wrong I parts, these in born She was genuine dignity, for that learned visit in this thinking Gray's man understand."hospitality and courtesy, generous because property. of was made Fiji,"one in answered "Yes, characteristics desirable other many into idea another has come Now residents. "I white old the of race, of a boasting white the much like to head. you Would my little their of became what wonder profitcivilization, might higher I hear think?"what stirred curiosity daughter. was Our natives the of the to come ably

it if relieve will "Certainly, you a visit a a time short ago from by isles for models. Pacific

tell girl's it."to tone was The asking chap was Gray named who

about the family and particularly almost waspish and the man,

Oi'N THIS occasion about Mrs. Terry's parents."though not highly sensitive, looked

she ventured to ask if anyone reat her doubtfully. "Pardon my

membered John Terry and his rude answer,"she hastened to say.

lis- "I shall be very glad to listen."wife. All the older people did M:ISTAKING his

and were eager to relate, in their tener's perturbation for interest, "Well, we all remembered afterlimited English, stories of the the man continued: "I guess it had wards that this chap didn't talk

couple and to describe their tragic something to do with property, for much except to ask questions, but.end. Mrs. Terry's father was pretty he surely asked plenty of them."

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 31

The man looked at Nell quizzical- "Miss Redfield,"her tormentor already know it, and that number ly. "Did you every hear anything proceeded, happily unconscious of was now limited to the Everetts,

about Mrs. Terry?"her inward feelings, "when you Gray, Mr. and Mrs. Redfield and

"I have heard since being here hold your mouth that way, you herself. But it hurt her even to

that she was beautiful and acremind me of Mrs. Terry."think of causing distress and escomplished.""Do I look like a Fijian?"the pecially to one like her old friend

"And I can tell you she was, girl asked, her tone indicating both Dick. The father's abhorrence of

but there's another thing I can fright and anger. trifling with affections apparently

say which was not said during The man hastened to correct had been bequeathed to the daughJohn Terry's life out of respect his blunder. "Of course you don't. ter, and to permit this man to culto respect to his Neither did Mrs. Terry. She was tivate feelings which must inevithim—aye, and

wife also; but Mrs. Terry's moththe most beautiful woman I have ably result in sorrow was almost

er was quarter Fijian which would ever known, and I only intended equally reprehensible. And yet he

make Mrs. Terry an eight and her to pay you a compliment."could not be told of Nate or of

daughter a sixteenth. This man her determination to remain single

secret beingGray got affidavits on this point L-N the ensuing six months without her detestable from me and some others and took Nell became thoroughly acclimated revealed.

them back to the states, and you to island, life. In that time she had

sure will be Miss Terrymay not seen to she one could no whom Nell afternoon O;'NE a a to chancehave white marry confidentially, talk for Dick Hawaccepted visit invitation a to an consequence."of anyman ley at since not touched had Apia native at she whose home woman is girl character a "If she of any arrival. her there a was Now called. often longer the was No to."she wouldn't want prospect of his brief a coming, illiptical house, merely an thatched I that; don't about "Oh, know friendly renote having been and uprights, roof a supported byher to badly wanted mother enough ceived, stating that his return on it her. to novelty Neither was did, she strongest theand and was it to journey Pago might Pago sit distressing to for a reasonable I evercharacter in a woknew to possible be stop a for over length time, native of fashion, onman."or two. day a the over loose spread mat smooth

"But what kind of character did pebbles composing the floor.

enter havethe man who would into such a marriage?"The girl OITTING on the porch belongingThe girl'sto ownmosthome,of thelikewhitesthose

put the question hesitantly. She of her trim little cottage with and occasionally to an islander,

wanted no public criticism of her Hawley's letter in her lap, she was a frame cottage not unlike father, but those immediately reflected on the young fellow's modest homes in other lands. The

around her were busy with their kindness and his too evident intypical native house, while usually eating and were talking in their terest in her. This was not the open, is provided with mats which

own language. Besides, she knew first time he had written, and excan be rolled up or down, curtainthey understood but little English. perience told her that if he came like, thus shutting out a driving

"Well, John Terry's character again it might not be easy, nor rain or the too inquisitive glances was positive enough. I knew him even possible, to divert him from of a chance passer while the ladies

and Miss Alder, who afterwards making serious love. He was of the household are making their

became his wife, in Fiji, where a rough and ready, companionable toilettes. Nell had noticed with

everybody gossiped about her dechap, with a sufficient amount of a degree of shame that such oftermination to win him. But acquired culture; she liked him fensive curiosity was almost invariabout this time he had a long spell heartily and except for this fear ably exhibited by visiting whites,

Iof sickness guess be to broke see delighted which would him. or never seldom Natby natives.

as his will it certaincourse there place in powerdown was no Of this the In climate, her urally equable ly did his body. Besides, you heart for any such feeling as he Samoan group or Navigator Ismust remember that mixed marhoped to inspire, and a convulsive lands being almost on the equator,

riages are here not looked pain seized her as she upon of thought is provision no or need be made are States, in theas they love completely United her was alhow cold. keep to out the

and after a man has been on the ready given. Even if Nate had

Islands a number of years a real not existed she would not marry;

strong to temptation a nathis unalterable marry of black determinaan was if she's tive, particularly beautiful, face tion. lived in the A SHOCKgoodnatured She hope that hair, a boyish,

will usually get him. It's the after awhile enough joy could be and a dusky figure clad in the usual

loneliness of the thing. He can extracted from hard work and the scant costume appeared. The little

stand it for a time but not for fame which must follow to bring fellow bore news of the arrival of always."at least a partial surcease from an American ship and said he had

the constant agony. accompanied a white naval officer

Thinking of pain brought her from the waterfront to Miss Red-

T.HE subject was a thoughts back to Hawley. He field's home, and that the man

painful one to the girl, and she would come soon and, once he had was now waiting for her on the was glad the feast came to an end made up his mind to speak, was porch.

at this juncture. The man looked not the kind that could easily be Nell returned to her cottage

at her so intently and seemed so restrained. deeply thoughtful. Of course the

determined to tell all he knew The secret of her birth she was visitor must be Hawley and there about her father and mother, that determined should never be comwas a strange conflict in her breast she was very uncomfortable. municated to any who did not between pleasure and fear. She

32 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

had practically reached the conenough swell to break in rhythlaughingly mical music upon the coral reef, clusion that the wiser plan—the JN ELL

one most likely to avoid unhappy avowed that before going to those furnishing a fitting accompaniment complications—would be to swalgroups she would diet to the point for the amatory pleading of a

emaciation. tell But almost pride the of frankly and low instantnearby Samoan was Romeo who

ly she was sobered the thought realby fellow her young story. She endeavoring to win some dusky

ized that he, knowing her parents, that her (great grandparents, or Juliet with a charming song. The

might not be surprised. perhaps even her grandparents, crumbling skeleton of the Adler

Eagerly Hawley ran forward as had indulged in such odious feasts. alone reminded the onlooker that

the girl came into view. Every In Suva, Fiji, some of the matragedy still exists in this beautiful

line of his bronzed face showed rines from Hawley's boat had beworld.

involved in come a quarrel with something more. pleasure—and

the natives this Hawley assisted his companion and of adjustment the Nell, too, was happy in And meeting, for in spite of the detertrouble delayed his return considinto the boat and started the mination to permit no recurrence erably. motor. They shot out through

of their childish relations he was "Are the Fijians quarrelsome?"the opening in the submerged reef,

nearer to her than anyone she had the girl asked. passed the anchored gunboat, the

seen since her expatriation. "No; usually they are a goodgirl's American heart beating faster

natured lot, but like most human as she saw the Stars and Stripes beings, they'll respond if a fight floating in the breeze. Then enof months XIlFTER sued a period of dreamy reminis forced them, upon you and loneliness during every natwhich exquisitely sweet. that sailor an know American on iscence, ural desire to converse about shoreleave, if especially he's had (matters personal supbeen had or three prinks, two thinks he it pressed, able a pleasure to be was the earth."owns young 1 HIS woman talk to freedegree with of some

dom of herself and her problems. had been loved and petted all her

The person in a strange land who the proprilife, and her hungry heart called will listen sympathetically and eties seemedWHENto demand departure, out imperiously for affection.

with interest to a wanderer's talk he said, "It will be a glorious Could Dick but have understood of home and loved ones has laid moonlight night. Won't you let and not misinterpreted her motives

a foundation upon which a most me come over in the cutter and she would have put her arms desirable future can be built. take you for a spin? There's somearound his neck and given him

This ageold truth dawned upon thing I want to say to you."what in her opinion was a sisterly

Nell as Hawley listened attenDick's face had taken on a serious kiss. And yet in a vague and contively to her talk. air which Nell had never seen there tradictory way she realized that

In return he described, at her before. brotherly affection was not exactly

request, his latest trip. The as- "That sounds like an invitation what she craved. She was beginsignment had been made him befor a sleighride back in the States,"ning to jlike this young fellow

cause of his intimate knowledge of she laughed. immensely. The romance of the

scene getting was into her blood, life it native indeed, fact and, to that does. "So our But motor

it and be so would delightful to his is presence this in the quite boat part of unlike cutter the you listen these amid surroundings to due. inworld have was account he is mind, there sure The and

tales love. of visit gave of his to Solosomething the incongruous innow the

man Islands, iwas most fascinating thought of sleighriding in these "I'm in love with love,"she to the girl. There had been an tropics, even if it is December."said to herself, "and that's the

uprising among the natives, and And Dick mopped his perspiring only lover I can ever have."

he had arrived barely in time to brow. "May I come?"There was necessity of diverting

rescue Missionary Parker, who shall "I of ride; be glad the her thoughts. 'Tell story me the scheduled the chief to furnishwas I've and to something say to the you. of great storm of and

item on the menu of a feast which A woman is said to demand the wrecks,"she commanded. these

was being prepared to celebrate the last word, but in this instance I native victory over the whites. choose to have the first.""But you were to have the first word."to you say they "Do mean

it say you "Won't now?"eaten girl havewould the him?""I claim a right woman's to it's a "No, story long and horrorstricken.asked can change her mind. Perhaps I shall told be the on certainly their 'That inbest was water—and not tonight the story that was in the darkness."last words Thetention, they disapas and were in this afternoon."mind mytell said were herself. to aspointed an American crowd

would be if someone had stolen their turkey. Thanksgiving This designing to UNE opened his H..AWLEYmissionary love seems to bear a charmed might make vainly have to say mouth something. His

life,"searched he continued. this terrestrial "It the for was globe companion hastened to ask:

third time he has been billed for a better setting than that furnished this same part in their feasts. by the Apia harbor in the brilliant "You will tell me about the

Twice before, on the Ellice Istropical moonlight, with the verstorm?"

lands, he was condemned to be dant hills in the background. Hills "It has always been a fascinateaten, but the chief cook declared and heavens were reflected and their ing story to me,"proceeded the

he was too thin to make a good beauty needlessly exaggerated in officer, though somewhat relucmeal."the placid water which had just tantly. "In addition to the personal

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 33

interest I feel, due to having passed neuvering by their officers, for every over which the breakers were roarthrough it, no naval disaster, outmoment their steam pressure was ing and grinding.

side of those occurring in battle, increased, the Eber and the Adler "While this was occurring at equals it as far as I know. Acts were driven on the sharp coral sea, the havoc on shore was scarceof individual heroism were nureef with such violence that they ly less disastrous. Many houses

merous and collectively the sailors, were completely wrecked. I well were demolished and nearly all

representing three different nations, recall that after the storm subsided were seriously damaged. Can you

behaved in a manner which the beach was covered with their imagine those stately cocoanut brought glory to our profession. broken timbers and furnishings. trees bending to the ground? I

'You of course have cause to But the loss of the ships themremember that for a few moments remember the date on which the selves was comparatively insignifimy fear was submerged because of storm commenced. My father cant. One hundred brave fellows delight in being able to pick cocoawas running a schooner between from these two vessels were nuts without having to climb the

these Islands and those of the drowned or beaten to death on trees. Knowing the natives, you

Friendly and Society groups, buythe rocks. can perhaps imagine their terror;

ing copra and trading with the it cannot be described.

natives. On many of these expeIditions accompanied him, but fiercthe lirpiHROUGH morning Saturdayoften, it unless possible for was est night they ever had came but known, it brought with abatenoher also, to go mother kept my officers and the of men remaining of the ment storm. captain The at home,me against much my five ships like worked despairing of the Nipsic, convinced that hewill, to attend the school she was to get their demons vessels could not away successfully withstandholding for children, native and the from threatening reef the into gale and and hoping the hundredswhite, cared to come. who Dear the ocean. open longer of natives No was lining the beach mightold mother! She herself worked there lack of steam, but steam be able was to save at least some ofnearly to death this island."on pitted against a mightier his power. men, deliberately drew anup

"I see every day the fruits of With propellors racing at full chors, succeeded in turning the her labors,"interposed the girl. speed, with bows pointed seaward, boat toward shore and with full

'You have reason to be proud of all anchors down, they could not steam ahead drove her as high on her record. But go on with your withstand the gale, but in spite the rocks as possible. It was a

story."of every possible maneuver were courageous act, for the loss of his

slowly driven toward the rocks vessel means almost everything to and destruction. Occasionally a naval officer, but human lives

jlXT the time of which there would be a slight relaxation were in the balance, and the capwe are speaking there had been of the elements when the vessels tain chose the more heroic course.

frequent disturbances among the succeeded, by fighting desperately, But you are trembling, Miss Nell,

Samoans themselves, and these had in regaining a few rods of water we'd better change the subject."

been fomented, intentionally or which had been lost; but each pass- "Here on the very place where

otherwise, by the Germans who ing hour found them inches and all this occurred, it seems so real.

gave "somewhat serious offense to often yards nearer the pitiless reef And you know that storm changed our own country and also to Engthe course of my lfe. But I want

land by their activities. As a you to go on."

result of these feelings, Rear Ad- "All the heroes were not on miral Kimberly was ordered here shipboard. At the risk of their

by our government with the own lives, native volunteers dashed

Trenton, his flagship, the Vanwith a lifeline into the breakers, dalia and the Nipsic. The Geronly to be beaten into unconmans had the Adlet, the Eber and sciousness by waves seemingly

the Olga; the British had the Calpossessed of demoniacal fury. To

liope. These seven warships were reach the stricken ship dewas

anchored about where we are now. clared by many experienced ones

My father had a contract to fur- a feat impossible of accomplishnish the vessels with fruit, and ment, but as fast as one man was

I was frequently aboard all of dragged hack, another (took his them and made many friends place, and at last one of them sucamong officers and men who were ceeded in reaching the vessel, and amused at my ability to talk with most of the crew were saved.

the natives in their own language.

"Like many tropical storms this ABOUT this time or one came on with practically no a little prior thereto, the British warning. The vessels had but litCalliope, the largest and most

tle steam up and the hurricane was powerful of the seven vessels, upon them before they could move found that with all anchors down out to sea. Extra anchors were and propellors going at the limit

dropped and for a time these held of their speed she was holding her the ships in place, but when the own against the hurricane. With

full fury of the storm broke, in waning hopes revived, her stokers spite of anchors and skillful maredoubled their seemingly super34 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

human efforts. Gradually it bewere swept overboard; others volcompanion, the Vandalia, was imcame apparent that she was gaining untarily jumped, in the hope that paled. There was a crash which

though only by a hair's breadth; they could swim ashore, but most could be heard in all parts of the

almost imperceptibly her anchor of these were carried out to sea, little town, louder than the thunchains slackened; the great 'mud though a few escaped with minor dering waters and howling wind,

hooks'were hoisted and inch by injuries. Others were thrown up and all knew that the last of the

inch the Calliope fought her way on the sand but were so beaten vessels was wrecked.

to sea and comparative safety. that life was extinct before help

With every officer and man and could be rendered. The onlookers

every engine working at highest running excitedly to and fro on lN THE darkness and tension she crept slowly by the the beach were as powerless as the storm nothing could be done for

American ships, and as she did so stricken vessels."the men. If the vessel held toour boys, the pluckiest lads in all "And I was in that storm!"gether until daylight, there was

their only chance.the world because trained under The girl shuddered. The terror hope—that was

dear Old Glory, though everyin her eyes made the officer want Fortunately with the dawn of the thing pointed to a violent end for to take her in his arms for comSabbath morning came an abatethemselves, paused in their fight fort. "Please go on with your ment of the storm. The crew of

with death long enough to cheer story."the Trenton had stuck to their

sailors of another nation who, ship and all were saved.

through good fortune supplement- "And it was during this hured by courage and skill, were es- 1 HE captain of the ricane, Nell, that the great calamcaping the fate which was reachOlga next realized the futility of ity came into your life. I need

ing out for them; and as their apfighting longer. Hoping to avoid not relate the details of that acplause arose above the thundering serious loss of life he followed cident, for doubtless you have

of the storm, the band, which the example,of the Nipsic and heard them many times, and as a had been summoned to a protected voluntarily ran his ship on the matter of fact most of them are corner of the deck, amid that chaos reef. As in the other case this unknown to me. Much of what

of roaring wind and threatening course resulted in saving all his I have told you has been picked breakers played, 'Rule Britannia, men. up on subsequent visits, for,

it I left to seems never though me rules the waves.'NeedBritannia flagKimberly's "Rear Admiral

I the beach, could, course, of not less responded Britons the to say ship remained. alone Trenton

all that comprehend was going cheers lustily to the of ourright the Saturday darkness of With on."voice could haveboys. What after evening, nearly thirty hours

is thrilling story.""It a The anfailed give the to men doomed the hurrithe of commencement

girl as softly, fearful spoke thoughencouraging word? still cane, fighting she doggedwas disturbing of the over dead whose

life. ly for orders her new When drifting. idly grave they were "And officers given, be to the had were

I told see so graphically that can abating, of Instead obliged to outroar thunder. the At distressed vessels the their and in increased intensity the storm vessel the times headway, made

It recalls heroic to men. memmy one thought have wouldthough her anchors on drew and was up the shrieking the ory roaring wind, all the heavalready ofthat winds sea, the the verge of open making crash the oh, shatwaves of and this at parconcentrated wereen successful. quite never but was

I tered houses. feel can almost point.ticular imagine you Can playing to elements seemed be The the of weight mother's body my fiercea so that hurricane powerful a cat as a her does with with falling in over she concluded me,"full steam and onwarships with the mouse. At when moment a frightened whisper. facethree cannot anchors down all the emergence harbor from was

these peaceful It isit? easy on not a but accomplished, sea, mountain

a picture towaters form of it. high, over would break her bows -T 1 OR a time they drifted

These vessels were as invincible and she would be driven back in in silence. Nell was thinking of

as human skill could make them; spite of the most masterly maneuher mother, so heroic, so beautiful,

they were manned by officers and vering. All afternoon hope and and of such shameful birth. At

crews trained for just such emerdespair alternated in the hearts of last she roused herself.

gencies; but when actually matched the crew and hardly less so in the "Thanks for the story. I. apagainst the power of omnipotence breasts of watchers on shore. The preciate it, even though you did

they were as impotent as childish latter could only see the outlines make it seem so painfully real."

toys. of the ship. They could not dis- "But that isn't the story I came

"The Vandalia was the next cern the unflinching figure much out to tell you tonight. I—"

to meet defeat. In spite of anless the immobile face of the grim "Remember, Mr. Hawley, there

chors and steam, after a sixteen old sea lion pacing the bridge, his was a definite understanding that hour fight she crashed stern first fighting spirit in no wise subdued I should have the first word."

on the reef. With amazing power by the strain of a thirtyhour con- "And you changed your mind."

the monstrous waves would pick flict. If courage, if indomitable 'Yes, and have changed it again.

her up and drop her again on the determination, if skilled seamanThe account you have just given rocks until she was completely ship would save the vessel, surely reminds me that the noblest thing crushed. As the water washed the Trenton and her crew would in life is to meet its storms courover her decks hundreds of men escape. But evidently fate had ageously. If running one's ship

were seen clinging to the rigging. ruled otherwise. In the fading upon the rocks is the right thing

Wearied by hours of ceaseless eflight the watchers could see her to do, it is cowardly not to do it."

fort, many lost their holds and drifting toward the reef where her (To be continued)

I Did Not See What In Utah Together With Some Things I Did See in Canada last sumBy what. Among the whatnots oneWHENmer, I read an article in sees in some coast cities is a trip

the Cardston News enROSE MURPHY HILLIS to a laundry, and they hand you a titled, "What I Saw In Utah."quarter when you leave. Another

The author had lately returned is a visit to a dairy where orange from a pleasurebent trip to that daily. On the main street crossjuice and cake are served. Howstate, and seemed very happy to be ings we saw a great deal of traffic. ever, it is a fine way for tourists

back again in his native land with It was not the intense, hurrying, to see the western coast, and we its cooling breezes and majestic blustering kind one sees in the city could not have subdivisions withgrain fields. of Los Angeles, where at the main out them. But everyone is too

While some things in Utah were crossings, although the signals are busy in Utah to show imposing not all honey to him, yet in a most working, stand one and sometimes tourists around free, and I thought pleasant and optimistic way, he two policemen, blowing their they did not care a hang whether mentioned the valleys in their whistles, tossing their heads, flingyou saw Utah or not; they were

beauty, the productive fields, beauing their arms, dangling their too busy working and singing.

tiful groves of shade trees and Salt hands, all to control the hurrying, I did not see anyone sweating

Lake sunsets. scurrying mob. There was an or having spasms over landing the

He found industry everywhere. orderliness about the city and its dollar. Nor did I see any lazy,

To see Utah and not see that people which we had not seen elseidle loafers, although some somewould be about as impossible as where. times seemed idle when working

to find a hive of bees asleep on a as the work was done in such an

June morning. Farmers especialHPHIS speaks very highly of these easy, restful way, mingling a bit

ly, he says, usually start work at lawabiding, industrious peoof talking and laughing with it.

4 a. m. and quit about 9 p. m. ple whose sense of justice seems

in to evidence. be I wonmuch is the middle of every nameWork the attending Organ \\7HILE if a the of tithing, method last dered his wife'sman, and first and I recital in the Tabernacle their have Church, of custom maynames. see did did not one any not who instilling to something do with

all to attention be devoseem and fine this sense high of within them writer of graciously speaks "THE tion. there be could any How is giving the custom honor. This live, 1 the people they and how restlessness, noise, or whispering to their of income onetenth of life this inand enjoy farmland. Silence except Divine anything standing in the All good Church. is their agriculofMention made pealing the forth those organ with I this, told. poorer do was Theture, gardening, dairying, and the beautiful or Melodies""Old little so farmers, to with money beautiful while worthmany old song, "As Dew, From The give, to the Bishop's house comethings, including lovely homes, Distilling."Heaven their eggs, in butone-tenth with reparks the monuments; and and

restful to walk the streetsmarkable transformation of this ter, chickens, or perhaps a pig. How

onetime desert into farms with The next thing that pleased me and not to see a parade of these trees and gardens surrounding most most, coming from the land of glaring and too often dowdy beautiful homes completely modsubdivisions where you can buy Deauville scarfs. I did pass an old

ern with automatic force pumps property situated in almost any Indian woman with one tied to for baths, showers and beautiful location between the poles, was the her wrist, floating its gay colors flowers. absence of billboards and all the to the breeze, and also one around

I was much surprised to read in paraphernalia that go with subher head.

this article that Utah exports more dividers, such as banners, flags, "Glory be, I have at last found than fifteen carloads of eggs a day, solicitors and dust. No Utah charm you, Deauville scarf, where you

and does it the year around, mainof valley or mountain is marred seem just to belong; and that is

taining a price of 45c to 50c a in this way, and what a joy to around this old coppercolored dozen. behold the immense, long stretches face, with long, straight black

That which I did not see during of beauty, unobstructed. hair, and sandals. Here your romy brief sojourn in Utah, and guish Gypsy touch blends in so

better than with the Frenchthat surprised and pleased me TUHAT a joy to be in the city much most, was the scarcity of policeand not to have tickets poked heels and permanent waves."

men. Salt Lake City is the center into your face by smiling solicitors I loved the Gypsy Indian comof a large tourist travel, with for free luncheons and bus rides bination. What cared she if "the

about 600 passing through there to goodnessonly-knowswhere or corner touched the elbow"as Dame 36 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

Fashion has decreed for the latest tion into fruits and beauties might financially unable. The trip is a

arrangement. be more wonderful than the transdelightfully easy one by private car

Nor did I see girls using street forming of their once desertland or auto bus. The roads are splencorners, cars, loges, cafes, for bouinto gardens'fruits. What life redid. The railroad and connecting

doirs to apply a new makeup. quires of them seems to be all auto busses have made the trip

No condemnation to the girls, but settled. so simple a child would be safe

it was just a rare and strange thing I am so glad to have known in taking it. And the tourists

not to see it. them. All these things I did not have responded in huge numbers,

see may be common everyday in taking advantage of these ac-

T DID not notice rudeness or disevents, but in my two weeks'stay commodations in connection with * courtesy. The youth instead of in Utah I just did not notice any these greatest beauties. I have

running halfway down the block of them and being so accustomed never seen more careful or courteto be sure of a good seat on the to them, I missed them. ous bus drivers. We found them

car, take their chances with the I could not have enjoyed Utah without a single exception conrest of the crowd in scrambling more. I found it an everdelight. siderate of the touring autoist, as

aboard. I am so happy to have met and well as of those whom they were

In looking over the papers, the known the "Mormon"people in transporting.

weeks we were in Utah I noticed the intimate way we did, usually not so much space was given to as neighbors in pleasure resorts. COME day I hope to be able

social events, and wondered if the Although not a highly awakened to write of the thrill and eversociety matrons were a bit negliilluminated people, or keenly lasting joy I imbibed from this gent in keeping the public ingrasping and cunning in line with wonderland. I would not write

formed of the social activities of much modern thinking, I shall alof the scenery, for where that betheir fair ones. Or are they too ways remember them as a most gins, there silence begins and words

aristocratic? courteous, kindly people. I shall cease.

Why, in the city in which I always remember them as perhaps When I go back, I may be live, the society page is sometimes a bit too generous in offering pinched, sign boards may slap me my comic sheet. We who read it favors and service. They always in the eyes, and I may have a few

are likely to have handed out to seem to be so busy. The nickfree bus rides, and hear the buzz

us quite a discourse on their affairs, name of Utah is certainly most of the bee hive.

especially the weddings. Yes sir, significant of its people, The Bee I hope to meet these kind peowe are told all about them usually Hive. Without the buzz—-they ple on the trails and in the mounweeks before, then on the day beare almost too busy for that. Intains again and to know them

fore the event, the day after, the diana, for instance, is the opposite better.

following Sunday, and if there is of its name. It is the native state

no front society page publicity on of more noted living writers, beCERTAIN khan of Tartary, celebrities, than it after, other sides come nobles, his many metthe Sunday traveling may with was A state; reyet later. after cried, a loud the dervish, with we are called a any other by Thenmonths who

turn of the honeymoon we get it the Hoosiers. And then there is voice, "Whoever will give me a hunover again. It is up to us to read Missouri, with the Pukes, for a dred pieces of gold, I will give him

these interesting (almost as internickname; and with all of her il- a piece of advice."The khan oresting as Webster's dictionary) lustrious sons. dered the sum to be given him, upon

biographies, because these writewhich the dervish said, "Begin nothing well conhast not of thou which all considerate those to deal great a to involveups seem XTOW courtiers, hearthe end."sidered The neighour all were people the in giving research whoof work

smiled, this sentence, plain ing and tramped interesting, we with bors these and concerningdata whom is 2 sneer, dervish said, with "The cheer still in living that, yourattractive daughters (always am the his paid for maxim."well—I But

even though the accompanying and kindness. Your songs along khan was so well pleased with the

trails, down the canyons, answer that he ordered it to be writtenphotograph may look like—well, the

perhaps enough on that subject.) across the water, from the mounin gold letters in several parts of his

They carry you through the tain tops, around the camp fires, palace, and engraved on all his plates.

schools attended, sororities made, we will not forget. Especially the Not long after, the khan's surgeon

the lineage on both sides back to six young Elders who were our was bribed to kill him with a poisthe Revolution or to the Mayneighbors just for the night, oned lancet, at the time he bled him.

the khan's was the arm a brink campfire when One day, onflower. around wonpoor That boat—I

in lancet the fatal the hand and it the most bound, of one Canyon, of Bryce fate kept of handder what afloat. Now I am for the girls; beautiful spots on the planet. of the surgeon, the latter read on

to me, they are the sweetest flower I wish the whole world might the basin, "Begin nothing of which that blooms, and this is not to be see Bryce Canyon, Cedar Breaks, thou hast not well dbnsadered the started, and immediately end."He especialPark. National as criticism. Ziontaken And

lancet let his hand. of the fall out

I Throne! Great ly the White

his confusion, observing khan, The dear if you "Mormon"wonder see much evidence ofT DIDN'T the the reason; surgeon inquired

T shrewd, grasping, cunning inpeople will not be a bit disapprostrate, confessed the whole affair,fell telligence among my "Mormon"pointed in Paradise. md was pardoned; but the conspirators

friends, but rather a primitive and Were I governor of Utah I were put to death. The khan turning

simple beauty. Although they live should be inclined to compel all to his courtiers, who had heard the

close to nature, they seem to have my people to see this fairyland advice with disdain, told them that as yet, little understanding of the of Southern Utah and by some the counsel which had saved the khan's forces of life whose transformameans create a fund for all those life could not be valued too highly.

Hearts That See By FAY DECKER DIX

"Life is to be fortified with manypressible sweetness and wet with were covered by drooping lids friendships. To love and to be loved unshed tears as she bent over the fringed with lovely lashes. They

of existence."—is the greatest happiness different there was and answered Smith. girl Sydney cheerfully in a were—what

a flash, like Then, voice, about her eyes? cleartoned

blind girl was The it came to me. be must "Come, dear—we aghast I stood blind! lost those will find You Mother, tient. pa-—utterly

truth. She of the awfulness at the hand."Give me your a sweet notes. again,"cameShow me A.GAIN, say: her I heard speaking, is the mother was I wondered, Why, rosetrellised thevoice within from

music room, and a low tremor of saddened? Why such regret from "Who is here, Mother? Somethe keys told me that someone was the girl over a simple lost melody? one is in the garden."Thereupon

playing the piano. the woman stepped up beside her

I stopped outside and listened to JrOR a moment I daughtertion. and looked in my direcgentle strains.the

terat the tiny glanced about me furof uselessness the Realizing even, full of harmony Clear and garold-fashioned raced and lawns presconceal to attempts ther float in my to they seemed pathos,and trees great at the den; elm and bowed I removed the ence of the my hat, sunlight, outthe morning

open windows and mingle there green hedgerows. There was an low, and said; columbines near the oriole perched I ask you to forgive the roses. "Madame, the perfume fromwith

his throat with instrusion. I was old man's of the bursting a love an the spell I stood in Alone

music until, at last, unable to resist song. The fragrance of springpassing when I heard the music

a glimpse inside, I stepped on to time, the bees, the flowers, the sunand came here only to listen. I

surely no trust that nothing has been harmedthe grassy embankment and inlight and music—Oh,

foreign so."to joy could exby gaze upon the pretty elementstruded my doing may

ist in this glad haven! there.scene that was smiled a kindly mother The

But my attention was drawn to smile, "Why, no, of course not.

the window again. The mother Floryiene and I are always glad to

OEATED on a low with gentle tenderness took the firm welcome visitors to our cottage.

polished bench before the piano young fingers in her hand and Won't you come in? You must

of, keys. placed child a mere on the themwas a far."walked Patienthave girl—just

, searching together, of ly they seventeen. workedperhaps, A cloud I rejoined, "It you,"'Thank

golden hair fell loosely about her for the forgotten melody. And will he a pleasure,to rest here,shoulders lending light to the misty presently—it came! though walking in the fields is a

green of the little gown she wore. Over and over they played it. pastime of mine."

It was she who was playing the The girl began hesitatingly as she On crossing the threshold I was song. started to try it alone. A slight impressed with the simple beauty

Slowly, tenderly her fingers fearfulness shook her hands as she of the furnishings, the air of cool keys. the ivory overmoved the The passed them over the pervaded refinement which keys—then

plaintivemelody, and perfect, now floated out strains the exquisite of culture the quiet rooms, and swelling into joyous ecstasies, now again and died away, this time in the two women, the younger of growing faint and almost pitiful the fullness of a perfect song. whom, after making a polite acdied away. to it excused to be troduction, sure asked now,in—andits low wailing, suddenly broke "Oh, Mother, Mother! I've knowledgment of our informal infound I know it—I'm slender, girlish hands flutThe it I offered again,"garden. forget never in the and I shall walk my

tered impatiently and fell away she cried clapping her hands lightly assistance in leading the way but from the keyboard with a sort of and flaunting her curls. she declined sweetly.

nervous gesture. She sighed She played it over, repeating the "Oh, no, thank you, sir. It is

"There, Mother, it's gone. I strains many times, then finally, very easy for me. I know every

can't find the rest. Show me, she turned a joyous face toward nook of our garden."

Mother dearest, please! I can't rethe window, and, arising, came The mother moved gracefully

member now."Her sweet pale near to where I stood. about preparing refreshments for

face twitched eagerly as again the me as their guest, all the while restless fingers softly groped over keeping up a pleasing conversation.

the keyboard. J-UST then it was that It came to our recollection that we It was then I discovered anthe seeming rudeness of my posihad met before—many long years

eltion at the window dawned on before, but the memory of it madeother person in the room—an

derly woman with a face strikme. I moved back a step while our present meeting seem nearer

ingly like the girl's. Her lips were she approached the rose vine. I on a friendly basis. We had been

slightly drooped, almost sad; her watched her while she plucked a classmates together at the old colhair was greyed at the temples, but flower and stood with the blossom lege when both of us were much

her eyes were alight with an inexheld close to her face. Her eyes younger. Strange are the coinci38 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

dences our youthful years will ever seated on the low piazza reveling first meeting with Floryiene and bring upon the golden decline of in beauty while Floryiene walked her mother, I am only beginning life's later days. along the hedgerow. fully to realize the great wealth of

The gleaming gold of the sun truth in the mother's philosophy.

shed itself over the garden and reAnd every day as I see the girl, 1 EARS were in her flected on the flowers in a thousand grown to womanhood now, and calm eyes when she told me of colors. The blind girl could not still possessing her inexhaustible

blindness.Floryiene's a moFor light see I feel the or of happiness, the habit exultant picture—the lose if shement I wondered would color; she could feel living. but and of them with the simple joy

her remarkable poise, but as quicklove them the same. She could Only yesterday as I was passly my mind was changed. feel the caress of the red and black ing under the window I heard the

"It came so suddenly when she butterfly which trembled close to same sweet strains I had heard tenwas very young,—and; she has her hair as it fluttered to its night's years before for the first time. As

never seen the sun shine since."repose. It, too, must sense the before, I stopped and peered inside,

"But,"there. I said "she seems to be spirit of love that was see the same picture I saw—tovery happy."see can "Mother, the butthen. you

"Happy? Oh, yes! Happiness terfly? What color is it? All the The mother's hair is white and

as naturally to her ascomes is so tonight."glad contrast one's world high—a Before to walk.voice or power I left in them in her buoyant the garden—-a theto thegirl'sloosepinnedcurls so

her father died we always tried to charming picture they made standgirlhood; their faces are a little

teach her that being happy was ing arm in arm bidding me goodmore gentle, a little more strengththe fullness of human existence, night in the gathering dusk. ened, and much more beautiful

and, somehow, it has grown into with the years.

her nature. It is a part of her personality to forget the sordid things I,N the years that have

life everyof loving since scarce passed there ahead go and then has

I to listened before XiS I call athing."at failed that been day to

strains even. so There and smooth

I cottage. confirmed, rain, statement or clouds Her or was Sun hesitancy notes was no now. The as thenoted, I glanced out the simple window home thesnow,—always rippled interruption without on

its easily sends Floryiene cheering to outwhere moving was welcome their soft, to finish. and came low bells those the I Canterbury and come. laughedamong have who silence, of Florthen moment A feel as >she toferns their smiling bent in rejoiced with them and

yiene arose impulsively emand flowers.the the refreshing of sat glory fortune, in sigood have and

frail laybraced her mother's form, ills lent the befall went mother know,"sorrow over that "You silver hair. ing her cheek on the

all. is a trouble aton, that "I often think of us church, the way At

in the lives of us today. We don't home, in forest and fields, in social "You see I've never forgotten

put enough love into the things gatherings, or while waiting upon the melody, Mother. I told you

I because wouldn't. only And it's is don't friend the make awe do each who day. We ill—always were patient loved you and me other's interestedourselves in each a sincerity sweet same remains

work, and no one ever found joy part of the charm in the character enough to help me. I am so hapin just thinking of himself. It furnof mother and daughter. py—I shall always be happy."

ishes poor satisfaction if one Ah, little blind girl, what a would progress,"she smiled. "Aflesson you and your mother haveter all, it's love for each other that Ai.ND, now, in these given me—"To love and to be

brings us perfect happiness."years that have passed since my loved is the greatest happiness."

—love forL<,OVEeach other!—Thosefor each other -KeSSVoowords kept ringing through my Crime, Here and There

thoughts the remainder of that day. The great Master of men "TO those who believe prohibiEntering with intent to commit

gave to the race that principle. It tion has increased crime in the felony 1 23%

Obtaining money by false pretences134% beingwas it States lived in this quiet cot United will be illuminatagents Frauds by 177% fields. theby ing to learn that crime has also Falsifying Accounts 149%

All during the delightsome increased in England and Wales, Other frauds 195% meal, and the pleasant stroll in where there is no prohibition.

littlethe garden, the blind where "It that be cannot doubted is a in report explained This girl, less the grace than with no against crime property viowith issued the British Government by butterflies flitted themselves, from in increased lence have counmost entitled Office Criminal "Home

I hearto kept blossom,blossom districts great the outside try 1928."Statistics; EnglandWales * *ing ** her mother's words. Flow inthat the towns And

lists increases in report The sweet simplicity what cercrease to the of incoming is duetrue—with just since period the crimes * * * spoken, and with tainhad they been age, the motor The motor

what meaning were they interprepreceding the World War: car enables criminals, in great

ted. towns to travel into regions where

Increase until the the sun was they are So I lingered and not known 72% # * * are ofsinking in a haze of interference chances mauve and HousebreakingShopbreaking 129% cose. Mrs. Cranton and I were Attempts to break in 110% less."—National W. C. T. U.

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

XII

A Philosophic View of the Church and Its Service

What Are the Fundamental Characteristics of the Church? the church that are working for

How Is It Related to Other Social Institutions? humanganizationbetterment.need not Suchdissipatean orits

In What Ways May the Church be Helpful to Its Members? energies and its membership in

trying to settle dogmatically the

of creation, or other questionsTHEalmosthistoricuniversallychurch hasthe beenexlackingmankind,inis coherencenevertheless,andgenerallymotive age of the earth, the exact manner ponent of theological prinforce. This coherence and motive within the realms of natural sciciples as they relate to faith in force are more likely to be secured ence investigations, and the answer

God, something of his nature and in a group that affirms positive to which, in any case, is inconseof the nature of man, and esfaith in a God to whom they may quential in so far as faith in God pecially of the relationship belook with confidence for support and in human destiny are contween God and man as it may in their united efforts to promote cerned, and with no bearing whataffect human destiny. Upon this the good. ever upon practical, everyday, rebasis is reared a system of religion ligious duties. One of the most

ecclesiastical lessons impressive of includes obligationswhich man's the other hand, some is it is history that the well for his a toto fellowmen, and God churches leaders church and to leave church ()N to science natural practical,complete of everysystem the go to opposite extreme by the that things pertain to natural living.day insisting elaborating dogmas and science, except utilize results to of

social as a instituchurch The their all acceptance upon church by scientific discoveries that have may istion the religion sponsor and, of irrespective either the members, of practical religion; value for but,

is rule,as a the means by which rationality irrationality, the or the as to scientific conflicting various individuals are brought together significance or the insignificance of theories, let the scientists fight their in for worship, groups for inspirathese dogmas. the Thus great own battles.tion to better living, and for orconcepts of religion, practical the

religiousganization of such actividuties congrowing out of these How, Then, is the Churchties as call systematic for cooperalive the inspiration cepts, and to tion. Many of the most fundato the full a truly religious life, Related to other Social

mental purposes of religion can be become lost in controversies over Institutions?

realized only by cooperation of questions in themselves of no pracpersons interested in these purtical consequence, often resulting in TT is properly a most helpful poses. This, in turn, calls for ordriving from the church many in- * ally to all, but without infringganization and systematic work telligent and well disposed people ing upon the proper duties and

under competent leadership. Thus who would otherwise become very responsibilities of any. Most inthe religious worker who is affiliefficient workers in the church. timately is it connected with the

ated with a church has opporThat church is likely to succeed family in a spiritual alliance that tunities for service that are not so best which adheres to the very contributes much to the sanctity readily available to one who has significant and motivating fundaof all family relations. In the

no church or other religious inmentals of religious faith, a faith first place, under authority of the stitutional affiliations. that extends to the unseen and state, it is properly the business

the yet unrealized world of values, of the church to perform the mar- ""THERE is now a disposition on faith in God and the moral order riage ceremony. No other cerethe part of some churches to of the universe, faith in man and mony in the natural life of indrop all theological doctrines and the possibility of his advancement dividuals is comparable with this

thus to transform the church into toward perfection in the moral orin social significance. It concerns

a mere ethical culture society. Exder. Such faith, joined with a most profoundly the future of huperience thus far indicates that system of practical living growing manity, as well as the future of

while this plan makes for greater out of and constantly adjusting the parties to the contract. The

individual freedom of thought and itself to tested knowledge, will give church is best fitted of all social thus invites to its fold any one to any church a basis for intelliinstitutions to make these facts who is willing to affiliate, irregent, effective cooperation of its impressive, and thus to lead perspective of religious belief, such members within the church and sons entering upon marriage to an organization, for the masses of with social organizations outside sense their great social and indi40 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

vidual responsibilities as well as to that the religious education of the state, including the delinquencies anticipate the opportunities and the church, carried on with both its of public officials? While the parjoys of family life. mature and its immature members, ticular officers thus criticized and

This, however, is only the beis a stabilizing force in the comtheir partisans might offer strenuginning of the relation of the munity, that tit tends to create ous objection, and set up the cry church to the family. With the respect for law and lawful auof church interference in politics,

birth of each child and the cerethority, and, therefore, to diminish the mass of citizens should be able monial periods connected with his crime. From this standpoint alone to recognize this false alarm, and

development there is again opporthe church should be of greater should demand public investigatunity for the church to sanctify economic benefit to the state than tion of the facts and appropriate these occasions and to inspire mempublic action to remedy evils.

bers of the family, in ways that Would not such cooperation of are most helpful, toward living church and state become a positive

Social of the S chairman Wel- a religious high plane. on force for progress? moral

years ten the The Afare for League author influence is, of the church howactively inchurch be The may in atpractical experience has had ever, no by these confined to means terested in the of all other work all the religious to unite tempting ceremonial occasions. It is a conand civic betterment forces of the social institutions, always ready to

stant influence in religious educacommunity in bringing about better cooperate with any public agency favorable law observance and more tion that contribute may much that the welfare is working for of for the conditions moral the success toward life, community of family the community. the church Thus, of youth. development

both in its internal and in its exmay lend its support to the public ternal relations. In the event of educational and charitable activideath in the family the church, it is an economic loss through ties of the community, not, of

again, is there to comfort and to failure to pay taxes. This at once course, to dominate, or otherwise

stimulate renewed faith and coursuggests a major form of cooperato interfere with these public agenage on the part of the living. tion between church and state. cies, but rather to assist the state

The relation of the church to So long as the church is not seekin realizing its educational and the state is not so easy to describe ing political power or otherwise welfare objectives. The church

nor so free from troublesome cominterfering with state functions, may likewise cooperate with priplications. The difficulties in this its support in encouraging citizens vate non -ecclesiastical agencies in

case are generally the outgrowth to seek the good, to uphold the promoting like objectives; and, of

of the quest for power, so often right, and to respect the constitucourse, churches should cooperate manifested by individuals and intion and the laws of state and among themselves in furthering stitutions. Historically viewed it nation, should be highly appretheir common moral and social

is an indisputable fact that the ciated by the state. But what interests.

church has both dominated and may this mean in case civil officers been state. dominated Strugby the seriously are delinquent themselves How May the Church Help

gle for efforts domination and respects? Is the to in of these any

escape such domination have led social obligation of the church to Its Individual Members?

unpleasant relations to many fulfilled state prayers bethe merely by the functions of the TJ[7HILE churchtween and state. In Amerdelinquents, or these for should spirare distinctively vv church

ica, fortunately, there is now very the church do all in its power lawitual they are not primarily othergeneral recognition of the funcfully to bring about the reforms worldly. Thoughtful people gentions and the limitations of both prayed for, as any earnest worshiperally now believe that the highest

church and state; and, as a conseer should do? May it not be good in this life will be the best

quence, peace between them. well to revive the ancient Hebrew preparation for the future life.

custom of placing upon the prophReligion is, therefore, now largely "CROM the standpoint of the et the responsibility of rebuking concerned with realizing in the needs of society as a whole, the king who lapses into abominhighest degree the good life here mere peace between these two maable practices? In American poliand now. Nor does religion igjor social institutions is by no tics this function is commonly left nore the importance of the physmeans adequate to meet social to the political party not in powical conditions of life, and the

needs. The state does, or ought er; but the habit of political parties duty of the church to give necesto, provide conditions of peace generally is to discredit opponents sary assistance to individuals in

and security to the church in the whenever possible and often unmaking the most of their physical performance of its proper funcjustly. Adverse criticism from and economic resources. The

tions. The educational and charthis source, even when deserved, church will, therefore, cooperate

itable activities of the state tend to does not, therefore, carry great with the state in seeing that inlend strength to the church, and weight, especially with members dividuals, and especially children to free its resources for other acof the political party whose repreand other dependents are provided tivities more closely related to the sentative is thus criticized. Would with suitable food, clothing, and

aims of the church. In recogniit not, therefore, be a positive shelter, with needed medical and

tion of the service of the church service to the state, and should it dental care, and with whatever to the state the latter does comnot be so recognized by citizens other things may be necessary as a monly exempt from taxation generally, if leaders in the churches, basis of successful living. This same

church property used exclusively without political party interest and end will be furthered by the moral for religious purposes. What, then, without quest for power, would teachings of the church, which

is the services? It nature of these fearlessly call attenand publicly will include contemperance—selfis, evidently,!for taken tion granted iniquities to prevalent in the trol in agreeand selfdirection

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 41

ment with ideals of highest phystime. It may, however, so imonomically best for the rich man

ical and mental efficiency, chastity, press its members who have capital to sell all that he has and give to industry, manifested in socially to use this capital primarily for the poor. Such action might, in

valuable purposeful activity, good the public good in producing in the long run, only increase povwill, faith in humanity, ability to greater abundance the necessities of erty. There can, however, be no

cooperate with others and the habit life and at the same time providing doubt of his moral and religious of so doing in the furtherance of employment to those who need obligation to use his possessions good causes. The church may it; this instead of lavishing their for the best good of his fellows,

not only teach these virtues, it capital upon themselves in the purand also to give of bis time and may also provide opportunities for suit of pleasure, in the erection of his abilities in this same cause.

training in the corresponding qualmansions to satisfy personal pride, The command of St. Paul to the

ities of character. In any case it or in an attempt to buy their way Thessalonians "that if any would

will realize that religion enters ininto political power to satisfy pernot work, neither should he eat,"to every human activity and that sonal ambition. The church is is morally binding upon the rich

nothing the individual may do is indeed concerned with the poor no less than upon the poor.

without interest to the church. and their needs; it has, however, As the chief exponent of the

The kind of life its members lead an even greater problem with the religious life, the church itself, as every day is a matter of much rich who need conversion to their an institution, should typify that greater concern to the church than responsibility to God and to their life. It should, as nearly as it is

is their presence or their absence fellowmen for the use that is made humanly possible, do no wrong.

from public worship, a chief funcof their possessions. Men who It should be equally sensitive to

tion of which is to stimulate them have exceptional ability as creators any wrong that is done to an into a high plane of daily living. and directors of industry and busindividual, to a social group, or

If it does not do this it is not iness should be led by the church, to an unpopular race. The church,

religion but only a sham. if not by other agency, to realize by its very nature, should stand

that their they to fellowowe all of rights the in defense of manlove of is likefellow-men'"THE abilities their use the of men and the transcend It kind. should wise shallow, or premere their resources material furtherin states nations of boundaries andtense, it is unless manifest in doing the ance of good. This common race, barriers the thereby of and for thesomething of good manobligation applies the to person a universal creating brotherhood, is Itkind. the duties of one of less ability in finance with than no great a can that family human itsthe church toward to members abilities lie those to in other whose live adjust in peace, with togetheroffer suggestions if and, be, need fields. all ectheir fairness concerned to service.to provide for ways such

The economic situation, even in 'T'HE church should be the greatonomic and social relations, and

America, is such that individuals * est social agency for promotwork together for realization of are often without employment and in equalization of opportunity, common spiritual ends. Thus may

without means of support. The not only among its own memthe church be instrumental in

church itself may not be able to bers, but among mankind generalmaking.real the Fatherhood of

supply either for any length of ly. It may not always be ecGod and the brotherhood of man.

*> -<K*ejjoi- <* The First Word of Wisdom Exhibit (Continued from page 14) The vital statistics gathered by 8 per thousand; of the Latterday Kidneys and Kindred Diseases

(Nephritis) 23 44 officethe for Presiding Bishops'Saints nearly thousand, or 23 per births) (per 1000 45 10 have effect Maternity the been great.1927 compared three as with times The of has proThe Wisdom Wordaverage results civilized of nations is clearly of the of Wisdom Word a in people duced health eminentas latest presented in the health evident.

yearbook of the League of Nations. and longevity, and apparently

increased the with immunity from interest It all to read some may detailed average 'T'HE stadiseases If that scourge earth. the the findings of at presented the tistics six of the of were kept nations—Gerhealth Word Wisdom exhibit.Dresden France, Netherlands, many, Swecarefully, the posmore both from

S. Britain, den, Great and U. A.'—itive sides, negative a and what rate birth average of twenHTHE corresthe with be compared may life people of long power and tyfive of the nations 22.0 was the of data Latterday ponding produced! be mightper of population; thousand of Saints.

Saints,the Latterday thou30 per Deaths per 100,000 from greater,sand, or nearly onethird the 'T'HE rracts distributed also call diseases (in following 1926, implying sound health. The av1927): attention to the economic,

erage death rate of the nations was Six L. mental and moral benefits of the

14 per thousand; of the LatterNations D. S. Word of Wisdom.

day Saints 7.5 per thousand, or Tuberculosis 120 9 This in brief is the story of the

about onehalf as great, implying Cancer 119 47 first Word of Wisdom /exhibit.

increasing length of life. The net DiseasesDiseases ofof NervousCirculatorySystemSystem 123196 11552 Application has been made for pardifference between the birth rate Diseases of Respiratory System 167 105 ticipation in expositions planned

and death rate of the nations was Diseases of Digestive System 73 56 for 1931.

42 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 ll Aj>

UNION HEADS the List for Highest Percentage of ERA Subscriptions, 102% to October 1. The ERA Again

Forges AheadStake Leading Stakes and Wards make big gains—Union

reports,330 subscriptions to score 102%—Franklin

Montpelier Stake and Logan100%—Vern Ward, dale Ward, Moapa Stake, reach 200%—Preston

First Ward, Franklin Stake had quota of 57 {Union Stake and sent 90—Union Ward, sent 31 with quota of 21—-Fairview

Elmo Clegg, Union Stake Ward, Franklin Stake had quota of 30 sent Ward, Yellow41—Chester

stone Stake secured 33 with quota of 23—Many wards

reach 100 %.

ST. THOMAS WARD, MOAPA STAKE, HAS 'ERA IN

EVERY HOME"AND SIX IN HOMES OF NONMEMBERS—LEADS ENTIRE CHURCH IN

1930 CAMPAIGN.

No Latterday Saint Home Should

Be Without It Julia Hiatt, Union Stake Congratulations again! The today make necessary such a

second year of the NEW IMmagazine. It is one of the

PROVEMENT ERA begins highest types of missionary with the same splendid enthuwork to place the Era in the

FRANKLIN LEADS in Total of siasm reflected from the field as homes of the people and to urge

Subscriptions, 330 Secured by Oct. 1. last year. Hundreds of subthem to read it regularly. Frescriptions have been received diquent references to the Era durrect from subscribers in the ing the recent Conference indi-

"SEND - IN - YOUR - OWNcate the importance attached to

SUBSCRIPTION"campaign. this splendid home magazine

Other thousands are coming by Church leaders.

from Stakes and Wards. With Articles in the issues just

the subscriptions come letters of ahead will be contributed by praise for the Era and expresJudge Oscar W. McConkie,

sions of encouragement. Osborne McConathy of New

The FIRST ANNIVERYork, Marian Lee Kurtz, Birger

Sandzen, Dr. Anthony F. SARY number—the November issue will be one of the Blanks, Dr. Creed Haymond,

outstanding issues of the year. Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Dr. ElEzra T. Benson, Franklin Stake In it will be contributions by mer G. Peterson, J. Reuben

Dr. Edgar J. Goodspeed, Dr. Clark, the new United States

John A. Widtsoe, Milton BenAmbassador to Mexico and

nion, John Henry Evans, Floother noted people.

rence Hartman Townsend, The splendid and effective

Hugh J. Cannon, Harrison R. cooperation now being given by

Merrill and others. And ev- M. I. A. workers and Priestery issue will be better than the hood Authorities in the Stakes,

one preceding. Wards and Missions, will inThe need for the Era in Latsure continued progress and

terday Saint homes is greater improvement and give to the than it ever has been. CondiChurch one of America's finest

tions surrounding the people of magazines.

Annie G. Palmer, Franklin Stake Renew Your Subscriptions NOW!

"The ERA in Every Home"

UTUAL WORK

General Superintendency Executive Department General Presidency

L. I. Y. A. M I. A. Y. M. M.

Offices I. A. Y. M. M. General smith, George Albert Fox, Ruth May Street 47 East South Temple Richard R. Lyman, Cannon, Lucy Grant

Melvin J. Ballard, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley,

Executive Secretary 33 Bishop's Building Secretary

Oscar A, Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The M. I. A. Program

"THE enthusiastic spirit with which that the community activity committee recommended for union meetings:

4- our officers have accepted the new (with members of the presidency di- (For stakes where the M. I. A. holds

plan of procedure for the year promrecting) have the supervision of the its union meeting separate from the ises well for its success. Six weeks of activities of this period. If they do Priesthood meeting.)

trial should have cleared up any vaguenot conduct the various subjects themness which might have existed and selves, they have doubtless called into 1. Joint opening exercises.

should have begun to indicate the reservice the best available material in sults hoped for. the community to assist. No special 2. All matters of joint consideratime has been designated for the ward tion, such as Sunday evening joint proClass Discussion Period community activity committees to meet grams, the slogan, stake social

but it is suggested that they may meet events, problems of general adminisBy this time all of the groups are on two evenings a month as a comtration, etc.

well into the Manual discussions. The mittee group during the first period

members of the presidency (both Y. (from 7:40 to 8:30) and on the other 3. Department Sessions.

M. and Y. L.) in charge of this ditwo evenings, with their respective devision of the program have an opporpartments. All activity leaders, how- a. Separate sessions for executunity to promote fine department ever, should be in their departments, tives, class leaders (Manual

work. They should see that the class on the first Tuesday evening as on discussion leaders); directors

instructors are giving the best possithese nights the group activity proof Era and Publicity.

free, ble leadership, so that friendly occur. grams session joint for activity b. Adiscussions of the the place are taking leaders of all groups. These In small wards, where the problem

oldtime stereotyped "lessons."Imof leadership or housing, makes it difactivity leaders, however,

exerthemediately following opening divide the period, meetficult to separate into groups, may or where cises, to class groups should adjourn the ing time part of with there interest lack been have of may are therooms, where conManuals their to considdepartments it the adpart on of members, be may least atsidered minutes, fortyfive for activities er conany which visable to assemblies general every hold closing at this period p. m. 8:30 particularly and cern them evening, instruction giving and demonstration to the entire group in Drama, part of the time together, or,

Increased Membership or Story Telling or Music, or Public if possible in sections of

Speaking, as is suggested for Dancing Drama, Dancing, Public

It is the responsibility of these lead- (Supplement, p. 35, 3rd Tues. for Speaking, Retold Story and

ers also to build up the membership in Dec. and p. 36, 3rd Tues. January). Music, to consider and to reeach department. Our goal for the ceive training in standards

year is at least 10 per cent increase in The stake activity committees and in the carrying forward membership and attendance. should begin now to check with the of the Tuesday evening halfwards as to the numbers who are parhour program. The directors

The Halfhour Activity Period enteredticipatingin andeach alsoward,as asto recognitionthe events ofsiremusicto meetespeciallypart ofmaythe timedeis to be given later on for both of these as a separate department and acthat the be taken should Care features. enof the time part with the istivity period begins promptly and

carried forward expeditiously. The tire community activity comthree periods in October should have Union Meetings mittee.

demonstrated what can be done by way of organization of groups, study It is the responsibility of stake comThe Annual Fund of standards, and, to some degree at mittees to assist in educating the ward least, actual participation in the events. activity leaders in "A"Standards, genBy November 30, the Annual Fund

As the work proceeds during the folerally the best opportunity for this for both Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

lowing months, more and more develbeing in the monthly union meeting. should have been collected and foropment will be seen. It is understood The following order of business is warded to the General office.

44 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

Sunday Evening, Joint Session for December (For December 2)

presented be the'T'O TheBook of Mormon. under the direction Truth Seeking Price,

the J- of Executives. Doctrine and Covenants is a volume

This program is suggested as a fit- (To be given in connection with the of truth for the guidance of the chilting one to commemorate the oneabove program before repeating the dren of our Heavenly Father in these hundred and twentyfifth birthday of slogan) latter days; the Pearl of Great Price

the Prophet Joseph Smith which ocsheds light upon the history of cenChrist of Jesus of Latis. turies past; of the Book Mormon

itscurs on December 23 rd. THEterdayChurchSaints in is unique in the record the only world whole

THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH ideal of truth seeking. This ideal has which gives the truth of the origin of

IN THE LIGHT OF ONE been held before the Church from the the American Indian. It contains preHUNDRED YEARS very beginning. Joseph Smith as a cious truths of the Gospel of Jesus

The following doctrines and prinboy read the promise in James 5:1, Christ as given to that ancient people

ciples which were restored or introduc- "If any of you lack wisdom, let him and gives further witness of the divined by the Prophet Joseph Smith may ask of God, that giveth to all men libity of Christ. It also sets forth this

be presented and discussed in the light erally, and upbraideth not; and it shall principle: that by the power of the

of theological and scientific thought be given him."He was seeking truth Holy Ghost men may know the truth

existing today. and having faith in this promise, askof alt things.

1. His teachings concerning the naed for divine guidance and was reThousands of people both in the

ture of Deity. warded. The ideal of truth seeking Church and out of the Church have

2. His teachings concerning social from divine source has guided the tested this promise of truth seeking and

and community life. Church throughout its history. gained everlasting testimony of the di-

3. His teachings concerning man's At the time the Church was organvinity of this great latterday work.

physical well being. ized the other religious denominations One writer has said that truth is the

Other phases of the Prophet's teachin the world believed that the heavens mind of God. It is the desire of the

ings may appeal to local speakers. were closed and that God had revealed Latterday Saint people that they shall

References: the Doctrine and Covall truth to the world and there was no live in accordance with the will of our

enants, Pearl of Great Price, the Hisneed for further revelation. Joseph Heavenly Father, and it is for this

tory of the Church, "Joseph Smith, Smith, however, felt that God was the reason, therefore, that the Church has the ProphetTeacher,"by Roberts and same today as in olden times and would ever held before its members this truth "The Life of Joseph Smith,"by shed light and knowledge if asked. seeking ideal. It is the thing upon

GeorgeMusic—UseQ. Cannon.well known hymns ginningThat offirstthe prayergreat andwasgloriousonly thetruthsbewhichwhich theit isChurchguided.was Thefounded;Gospeluponof

"Praise to the Man who Communed to come forth in these latter days. Jesus Christ embraces all truth as set

with Jehovah,""An Angel from on We have as a witness of truth seeking forth by the Prophet Joseph Smith in

High""We Thank Thee O God for by our beloved Prophet, The Doctrine the Articles of Faith, that if "there is a Prophet,""The Seer,"etc. and Covenants, The Pearl of Great anything virtuous, lovely, or of good

Why spend unnecessary time to well as beginning Bookkeeping, office business men of the intermountain obtain a practical education? These machines, stenography, typewriting territory, during which time it has

young men, former students of Henand all other commercial subjects. built up an enviable reputation for reager's Business College, constitute There is no subject included in our liability and service. Its students,

practically the entire office force of a courses of study that will not be used have made records in International;

Salt Lake Company. Mr. Shiffener, after leaving school. Contest work that have not been

head of the office, was placed by the If you want a good position, with equalled by any other commercial school in that position two years ago. unlimited opportunities for advanceschool in the country. 1

Henager's Business College gives ment, enroll with Henager's Business Visitors are always welcome and courses in Business Administration. College—The School with a National inquiries cheerfully answered. New Advanced Accounting, Auditing and Reputation. This is its twentythird students are enrolling every week. Now

Theory, Income Tax procedure, as year of service to the people and is a good time to enroll.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 45

report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

repeats stands the sloAudience and YOUR HOME MERCHANT IS forgan: Adherence Loyal "We Stand

to Latterday Saint Ideals."YOUR BEST# FRIEND

Contest Plays When you buy at home you make a direct 'T'HE Plays selected for contest use contribution to the development of your * this year are In the Making, by community.

Mary Katherine Reely, The Bank AcREMEMBER—

count, by Howard Brock, and The Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a

Song of Solomon, by M. L. H. Odea. Necessity.

prestudied should be and They See can and Inspect Purchases You your from Him and insented the the order on named Receive his of SATISFACTION. GUARANTEE

Activity halfhour eveningTuesday Contributes to Largely the He Support of Local Churches.

as outlinedProgram, in the HandSchools, Colleges, Charitable Institutions. Public andbook Supplement.

They are available at the offices of the General Boards—47 East South MONEY—

Temple Street or 32 Bishop's Bldg., Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER

Salt City, Lake Utah. or to BENEFIT RETURNS YOU YOUR HOME TOWN. theIn Making 25c Pocatello, *"Salt Lake f-J>The Account Bank and The Song ->. rf Idaho ft\4 City, Utah 13 4JL B of in Solomon one with volume

three other plays for department Boise, Juncuse - 5 Oc Idaho /cHandwareCb Grandtion. Colo.

How is Your Ward?

"F\ELIGHTFUL and gratifying are *S the reports being received from many localities concerning the success Save of the halfhour activity program onTuesday evening. That some probYour

lems are arising only adds to the interest, in for solving problems sucMoney liescessfully triumph.

Are your Junior Girls and VanWhy waste $60.00 on

guards selecting Drama and Dancing Certificate when Joseph furcan Taylor Wm.to the exclusion the of Retold Story rrish funeral a complete

jstudy? Let them, blessing, with your little for a than more

for the purpose of this halfhour is a Certificate costs.!|

to offer activity in a preferred line, Services, Quality and j but try to encourage some of them prices not equaled by j

Mortician anyone.to get into outside, the storytelling on Embalmer fOSEPH WM. TAYLOR Theand LeadingExpert

theirthat Street departments North Main repre- = 125 Phone both office and be residence Was. 7600 may

sented adequately when their turn comes to appear on the program before "J the general assembly.

Do the Adults feel themselves past activity? tothe urge of seem Some TEMPLE BRAND

for as their leavingbe soon home as class discussion isably because they haveterminated—probforgotten thejoy of participation in Public SpeakGARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

ing, Drama, etc. Carry an activity manufactured for the

program to them in their own room SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE prices And sold atfor help once, and to recapture them from us remember defying competition.We Pay PostageWhen orderingthe that, of it. After perhaps, charm

enter spirit will thethey into the LADIES FOR of FOR MEN No. No. take thehalfhour part with and 703 Flat Weave.95 $ 610 Ribbed Light $1.25 Wt 719 Ribbed Light 1.25 Weight 614 Med. Quality Wt. members. Ex.younger 1.75

792 Pine Quality Cotton 1.50 605 Med. Cotton Heavy 1.50 is pleasant that problem of One 751 Pine Silk Lisle 1.95 663 Med. Heavy Unbleached Cotton.. 1.95

711 Silk Stripe Med. 1.50 664 Wt Med. Heavy Cotton 1.95 Wt. persons take to wantingsome more 710 Extra Silk Quality Stripe 1.95: 620 Rayon NonRun 2.75 subject. Itthan one be that 714 Med. Wt. Quality Extra may 1.75 680 Extra Heavy 2.25 Unbleached

715 Quality Super 2.75 Rayon 660 Silk Med. Wt. and 2.50these will people to until wait have 720 NonRun 1.95 Rayon 654 3.75 Heavy Weight Wool....Wool 50% to Silk year get the intonext 770 other acand 1.95 Wool 644 Heavy 4.95 Weight Wool 100%

tivity, but that time will be here be20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46 it.fore they obknow main The or to specify not fail Style Old Do and New or also Man Woman, state if long

sleeve, legs short short long or are wanted.if for Givejective accurate is the in entire to or Bust program Measurement,

Height and Weight. Samples Sent Request. Uponbe happy. Enjoy are you dowhat

ing, try to pass and of some pleasure to those your SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE have never on who learned, or have forgotten, how to 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

play.. a

46 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

Winter Comfort i Adult Department

COMMITTEE Depends On W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Dr. Arthur L. Beeley, and Lucy

Franklin S. Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Daines, Ann M. Cannon, Rose W.

Bennett, Emily H. Hi&gs, Charlotte StewartHEAT

Burn SpecialActivitiesRecreational MARCH.Drama Evening.

Let members present a oneact play the adult Friday Night (in prepared, previously or have two or be can Program) THEYear Round KNIGHT skits of put on dramatic more groups

Spring made aAdelightfulFatherDaughterward affair.Party adramafew party.minutesMarkduration,guests orwithhavenamea

and of some dramatic character on back

A MotherSon Party Combined and see if they can guess who they resulting. are Canyon the conversation by daughter, a a If or son haven't you contest a story dramatic have Then daughters Fathers one. and borrow imand competitive a—charades table or at one seated be and should all in are dramatics which promptu sons mothers tables and series of and

small into each divided groups and well- a simple, another. at Arrange

is act to out. given something group sugplace cards Have menu. served ROYAL (tispaper Costume daughand the gestive of making—give parent—son in contest pins have and sue) and

ter relationship.

making. COALS Parents will furnish program and costume

No matter how cold the sons and daughters will be the guests. APRIL.

weather, you are safely warm with Knight Spring Canyon Department Recreational Health Party.

and Royal Coals. Knight Events Plan this party outof-doors if posHealthful is "Utah's Spring Canyon sible—a (Spring)—night Tuesday (On Place Healthful NOVEMBER Time(Outof-Doors)—Hottest Hardest, Cleanest, time) designated other or Activities and Healthful (Games deepest Utah's Coal,"from Refreshments. Stunts) and Enforcement Law A Party—superior mine. This seam Evening. Game It might be:—Healthful refuel ignites quickly and

of a in the nature could be This naplace of Outdoor is It longer. tains heat the Picnic—to

various party, using progressive game wellinterest a tural historic or with safeguard your against stressing throughout table and picnic games attractivelyserved balanced and winter. "law abiding"by rules of the game. lunch.

"Hot'n 30 Coal Party, Royal p. simTrack Outdoor (See—Progressive Meet—using evenly Clean,"burns and Can What as track ple stunt and We Do—Playground events—such long. clean of America.) Association unusually Recreation An (using or bean bags throws, and—target the nature take could coal, party it ignites quickly, Or the burns; pitchdarts) feather horseshoe tipped

freely and leaves little ash in of a general game evening withing, croquet, discus (paper plate) your furnace. Mixers—emphasizing courtesy and throw, prints, walking or backward

consideration for others. races. Pictures or Cartoons—identifying See Mother Nature's Party in Par-

"Traffic Regulations."ties and Stunts Throughout the Year, A Series of Dramatic Stunts—illusby Betzner, Women's Press, 600 Lex-

- trating "Law Enforcement."ington, New York. v A Number of Relays—with "Rules These books will be valuable in

of the Game"clearly defined and careplanning special recreation activities:

the "Officers of ful check by made and Games Programs—

if see people do (referees) to Law"Rec. Ass'n, 315 and 50c—PlaygroundRecreational the rules game. of live really to the up York. Fourth Ave., New

Can What We Do—25c—PlayJANUARY.

Ass'n, Rec. 315 Fourth ground and Dance. OldFashioned An Ave., York. New Coal'i* K- Royal">'of ago. Party Year's Long A New For Fun Everybody—50c—PlayHot'n Clean orchestrafashioned an old Rec. Have Ass'n, 315 Fourth ground and

piano, violin, cellos, etc. Wear old Ave.. New York.

fashioned costumes, dance old fashGetting Together, by Geister

KNIGHT FUEL CO. ioned dances and serve old fashioned $1.3 5. Doran and Co., New York. punch and cookies. Six Rehearsaless Entertainments—

stately it off deportment Boston. with Co., Baker Carry 40c-—Walter CO. ROYAL COAL

special waltz prize courtesy. Parties, Have and by DurSales Agent, E. General L. Adams,

quadrille. Press, square or prize or Lexington mazurka 600 Offices, Bldg. Gen. ham—Women'sTen Recreational Newhouse 818

Salt Lake City, Utah Have a waltzing contest between Ave.. New York. couples over forty and those under Plays in Miniature—Walter Baker;

forty years. Publishers. Boston.

..........

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 47

WARD

Seatings Made In Utah Bank, Office, Churclt and Store Fixtures A SpecSchool of Supervisors ialty

Salt Cabinet Lake & 7. first Pitching Basket minutes). school for Super- (15 Men M FixtureTHE Company Public Minutes). Speaking (20 at Salt City, 8. visors held was Lake Factory: 142840 Temple S. W. (a) Principles of Public Speaking. the of eveningsUtah, September on Office: Street 32 Richards the (b) public over speaking Putting 1,22, October 24, 1930. and 29 Salt City, Utah Lake disgeneral program. and Talk Supervisors Stake Direcand andWard cussion.tors of M Men groups in the Salt Lake 9. Financing School (5 minutes).

division of stakes were in attendance. 1 0. Prayer.

The school was conducted under the general direction of the M Men ComSecond Night mittee of the General Board, but under (September 24, 1930) the immediate direction and superviSinging Prayer and (10 ). Community SuperStakesion of and Ward Men M minutes)

visors Directors. and

one.) old and (New song

this for purpose which The Men 2. M class the Kewanee Steel Firebox methods, Teaching and work

Supervisors'school was established was outline (50 minutes). Boilersto instruct the ward and stake M Men A talk and demonstration on lesson

Supervisors in the detailed work and presentation, class discipline, etc.

Universally are 3. for meetings Adopted minGroup (10 this division of ofrequirements. work—club utes) I. train to leaders the of A.;M. L. S. Chapels D. and all Other theM

debate. assignments and Song New this district in in funthe workMen

4. Contest Project or numbers Slogan: on Representative Buildings class directing ofdamentals Men M. minutes)

greater activities; inspire to andwork 5. Joint DisProgram M (20Men—Gleaner to supervisors;interest and among. cussion (5 minutes)

provide a forum for the exchange of 6. The Reading Course (5 minutes)

ideas and in M Men Program KE.WA7SEE. b?ILER G?RP?RATI9N plans concerning this im- 7. Talk—Athletics

(20 minutes).portant work.

Special recognition was given to 8. Prayer. HAWLEYRICHARDSON-

those who attended and qualified under a required standard in the school, Third Night WILLIAMS CO.

and a certificate was given in recogni- (Sept. 29, 1930) District Representatives

tion the subjects the same. of Among Singing 1. Community and Prayer (10 Leadertreated school in the were: minutes) 204 Dooly Bldg.ship, Contests, Achievement Public 2. Broader Athletic Program (15 minSpeaking, M Men Slogan and Project, utes) (Promoting baseball, tennis, Salt Lake City

M MenGleaners Joint Program, Debowling, horsesh'oes, swimming, etc.).

bating, Athletics, Song Contests, and 3. Discussion (15 minutes).

4. Debate. discussion Talk and (15 other phasesmany of M Men work. minutes) follows:The program

5. minutes). as- (10 Group Work New

signment. Stunts for program.

First Night 6. Song Contests (20 minutes) (Carry

(September 22, 1930) On. That Wonderful Mother of Mine, M Men Song)

1. Song (Carry On) and Prayer (time 6 7. Talk on music discussion (15 minto 8 minutes). utes).

(It is intended to learn one new typical 8. Financing M Men work (15 minutes).

M Men song each night) 9. Prayer.

(Informal to 2. Brief be introduction of the work discusion period—30 min-

. utes) ingeneral taken up, purposes and

struction (10 minutes).

quickly and HOME! tell can you. you us how Let AT project (8 minutes) on Talk Fourth Night instrument, favorite your learn play easily

3. into Separation and group group work time. spare in your and in riht your home toown (October 1, 1930) everypopular, welcomed will you to supervisors school Music 12 make under (10

opportunities. bigmoney where, and offermany minutes) 1 Prayer.

A-B-C aa Easy officers class typical 2. Election of (a) of obmain to begin. music We about nothing need know You Talk—general—review right from instruction Class. of jectives individual at school, give Men you mission of superan M will You satisfaction. your guarantee start andpersona], Selection a (b) visor, of Name. outline etc. ideals, be made Men can delighted that music surprised and thebe of M

in Courses fascinating. easy and 3. competitive (c) Planning (Prowork singing. on Windup community (Utah Organ, Mandolin, Cornet, soPiano,Violin,Trumpet,

ject). Guitar, Hawaiian Trail, Spanish Banjo, Banjo, Get The Tenor More Together, We Clarinet. Saxophone, Guitar, Accordion,4. Reassembly minute). (1 Review Others)

Catalog Today for Send Our New 4. and discussion (30 minutes). ton other school Windup competition. in great now all about will It School—you

National wonderful the andthis year—27th successfultell 5. Demonstration various on types of its 5. Objectives—leadership.Talk over to success meant that has Method of socials. it right now, 100% for students. Send 300.000Academy participation—development

is It it. of think FREE. youenthusiastic while Men. of (Announcement Achievement Con- M

ACADEMYOFEast 41st Street,MUSICChicago Dept. 385 702 6. Ward—AchievementSchool.Contest (12 minutes). 6. Prayer.test Results) NATIONAL,

48 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

Ketterer & Perschon Gleaner Girls Department Company I

COMMITTEE Street Washington 657 | C. Adams Emily

Salt Lake City, Utah | G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel

Interior Decorating, Painting, I

Paperhanging in Private Homes, Churches, Amusement I Halls result in cooperation library would to Teachers Word A 9th, at 19th and See our work service. similar provide which would jij chapels ward Hawthorne benefit the for are established Libraries test teaching lies real of your Right Prices—High Quality THEin the growth which will follow of the reading public, and librarians

Satisfaction Assured | your work with the girls who constiare always willing and anxious to

SKETCHES ON REQUEST 1 tute your classes. And growth implies render service in making most effective

This suppleaccommodations. Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756! vision, dylibrary more change—enlarged highly reading course, while mentary feelings, ideals, finer more namic

wholesome and more wholehearted desirable, is not obligatory. Do not

public school, seek in books, but do hands. things are in your of these—allfun, loftier thoughts, completer living feel called upon to purchase these libraries copies for and private chalthe to your meeting The keys Blue Blaze lenge lie in your own personality, in will broaden and strengthen yourwhichunyour own elevating spirit, in your derstanding of Gleaner Girls and their

adequate, painstaking preparation, and problems. COAL in the contagion of your enthusiasm.

The Sheaf Lowest in Ash—Non Clinkering Gleaner Supplementary In the stakes which are still followLess Soot Reading ing the Priesthood-M. I. A. plan, there

BLUE BLAZE COAL will be a longer period for Gleaner INwant,your ofowncourse,preparationto reinforceyou yourwill activities.to devote moreThis timewill toenabletheir the"Treasgirls COMPANY position by additional reading and ures of Truth,"Some of the inci1102 Walker Bank Bldg. study. The following volumes should dents, stories, poems, or pages from

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH prove stimulating: old journals may be read or related in

class, and through such suggestion and

Beveridge The Bible as Good Reading. comparison all members will be stimuButler -The Meaning of Education. lated to gather for their books the most

Eliot The Training for an Effective worthwhile material available.

officers will enjoy asGirl Gleaner Children. and Mothers MODERN BOOKS Life.Fisher in the responsibility of much Ideals and Problems. suming National Fulton

project. this carrying forward Garden. Enchanted The that Qualify you for all 'Gordon

as space Occasionally of Childhood -Guidance Gruenberg

PUBLIC SPEAKING and Youth. extracts from Gleaner's "Treasureswill permit,of

King The Laws of Friendship. Truth,"representing different types of for new Moulton Introduction to the Litermaterial, will be included in the Era Occasions—send

Bible. of the extract, an from "Messages."Such Catalog. ature of Morning, Drums Neumann Grant, (Mother R. the pen of Rachel to the Kingdom. Reid Key The

telling J. Grant) President Heber of Essentials of Character. Sisson The SPEAKERS THE the first hearing in her experiences of the Church of Standard Works The

the of impressions Gospel and of her. reading) regular background (for LIBRARY

Prophet Joseph, follows: (Brightwood Station) The Book of Life—The Master LiWashington, D. C. brary. Statement of Rachel

Through the efforts of Helen S. Ridgeway Grant

Williams of the Y. L. M. I. A. EnThe first time I saw the Prophet Joseph

sign Stake Board, many of the above Smith was in New Jersey, before I joined

The Utah High booksBennionrecommendedare availablebytoDr.theAdamGleanerS. butthe Church.I was prejudicedHe preachedat thattheretime.that night,I just

curiosity. of to hear out him went My Salt the access to leaders have who School of Beauty I did, before the and joined Church are sister Library. Public City They Lake times, great a to go she many wanted me

Shelf""Gleaner to be on the Culture found I I that go. After did went so finally

331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake in the reference department on the top several times to hear the 'Mormons.'

Learn a profession that would make floor. These books have been with- "The Baptist minister and everyone

you independent for the rest of drawn from circulation so that they warned me about going to hear them. He

your life. Write for catalog. may at all times be at the disposal of said if I did not stop going, I must give

the Baptist in and place Church; up my the, rather than few the who many Mail this Coupon.

I I along. right commenced then went regsecure to be able on them would

the to of the read and Voice Warning regulations. copy card library ular A all I night read nearly Name of Mormon. Book—readingthe Gleaner of "Bambi,"it felt that in of and the Mormon, Book Address will this be one season for course book I spirit the got of true, then and was

Shelf.""Gleaner those of on the to Nauvoo. and gathering went

provide board to and room CityWe can at the Prophet's times many "I was in all efforts stake leaders of town. out of students The

communities in which there is a public (Continued on page 54)

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 49

Junior Girls Department COMMITTEE Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes C. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard.

Katie C. Jensen

Believing and Doing remember that another lesson on repentance is to follow.

TJ"AVE you ever examined a plan Chapters III and IV deal with the ""for a house made by an archimost important of all questions, the tect on a blueprint? If you have, part that Jesus Christ has played in cUh at reflect

and especially if it has been the plan the salvation of man. The story of

of your own house, you have been his love for us is the "sweetest story in fascinated studying noting ever told."converse your girls Did it—in Your-m

the position of the rooms, the nooks about this subject reverently grateand and corners, the stairways—each part fully? Would it not be fitting as a

convenient to each other part and all little project connected with Chapter constructed for the benefit and happiIV to go as a group to a Sacrament Personality ness of the family who are to live meeting and think about some of the there. things which talked you have about J7/;ERE you will find The Gospel plan has been made in class? your esThis be would

by the Master Architect. It is formpecially pleasing if, on the same oc- r\ Cards in infinite vaperfectly that devised ed more than casion, your girls carried flowers for S riety of artistic desfit- hand, by each part any human the beautifying of the chapel?

ting into every other part so beauReview the first chapters frequentigning and appropriate greettifully lovely, a that harmonious ly. * * ings * distinctive cards to

is result. the whole structhe And Chapter the With V we begin express is ture built this your individuality. plan on open and study of the foundation principles

fiee for all of us to dwell in, to grow of the Gospel. These first steps

and develop in until we go back to Faith, Repentance, Baptism, the Gift See this superb collection while the it. Architect formed who of the Holy in Ghost—include their it is complete * * * choose girls Are your beginning to catch broadest sense the entire Gospel plan;

something of this spirit in your dishence it is important that your girls now * * * particularly if you cussions thus far of the theme, "Beget a clear understanding of them. want your name imprinted. lieving and Doing?"You have their Dwell their upon beauty, upon

considered the first five chapters. In power in our lives. Have the stories

chapter I, did you talk lovingly and referred to told and discussed; pause reverently about the great Creator, long enough for the questions to be The DESERET

who is our Father in Heaven? Inthought out and answered; analyzestead of giving yourself the evidences the problems presented. Above all NEWS PRESS

existence,of his did the girls ask you it color spirit with the of humility and 29 Richards Street to all the name ways by which men love. feel girls your Make the beauty

may come to believe in God? Did in the Gospel which they may never Salt Lake City, Utah

you dwell upon the fact that for have discovered before.

many centuries men heard the story of Approach these discussions easily;

God direct from the mouths of those forget that you are in a class room; (You can earn some extra money for your

who had seen him or heard him speak, try to imagine that you are conversChristmas shopping by showing our beautiful theiror from immediate children? ing informally girls with the in your orcardsdropto usyoura line.)friends. If interested, see us,Perhaps read you the paragraph living room. about own are talking You

the evidences of nature and then let together about a kind, wise Father the girls give other natural features who has planned a delightful journey of like evidence. Did you pause long for you to travel which will makeenough for the girls to dwell again you happy here and bring you finally BE INDEPENDENT

upon the First Vision as the most back to him. No Other Vocation So Profitable

stupendous revelation of Deity which ENROLL NOW has ever received?man Even though Course at the

they have heard this story times A Junior Home Evening For a Complete many itbefore, can be made again. new With Song Quish School of Beauty Culture send girlsDid you your from away

in The Best the Westthat first evening's discussion with (For December 2) 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. liftedheads a little higher a and eyes

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAHlittle clearer because they sensed purpose that this of "'HE Junior Home

For Further Information arethey "daughters the of evening King?"with song 4<fo '-. "s be may two

and Catalog CaU. II Chapter should is It have fold. a all brought necessary that class

Wasatch 7560 orthoughtful consideration of activity vital leaders it get and spirit the how of Fill in This iseach day in determining character. it themselves before giving girls. to Coupon

The results of each act are woven into Let us make just as much preparation our personalities. If this discussion for this period as for any other, as

seems to overlook the fact that renot only the success of the meeting pentance brings forgiveness for sin, for December 2, but for May 3 as -> 50 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

well depends upon the spirit with ing game of songs in Sunday School what a help we might be to parents, which this subject is handled. song book or of popular songs, or as the promise has been given by one

as sides evecharades Saints in the ing round hold-—-JuniorCan you vision your group of girls dramatizing a song or two after havof our presidents that if the Latterand day chosen would a home

calling ning, theirleader pretendingroses—gatheredthey are together in of jelly prizes families the giving members form

of a family? Build an atmosphere beans or peanuts. Let your individonce a week, he would promise that

with perhaps, a potted flower, a rug, uality as Junior leaders speak on this they would have power to rear their a bright pillow or two, floor lamps; occasion. Make it a real activity by children in the faith. What a promise,

make that sweet homey feeling permaking it active. As a last thought, and yet how little seems our part

meate the air. Invite a person with a send home in the heart of each girl in making such a dream come true.

ukelele or guitar if no piano is acthe desire to promote some such an Let us play our part well.

cessible. Make the girls feel the spirevening in her own home as one of

it of song on this lovely home evethe programs for home night, bringning, explaining to them how empty ing back a report of her success in Activity Leaders is the song that has no heart. Follow the next Junior Home evening on

program in Junior Manual (page May 3. If we could stimulate an in- 'T'HE success of the new plan of

106) adding to it some of your own terest in this activity in nearly 7,000 * activities for the Junior group original ideas, perhaps making a guesshomes in which there are Junior girls largely depends upon your efficient leadership.

Already the program is in effect and we feel that if the outline is carefully followed it will insure a great deal of development for our girls.

is reactivity leader The Junior girls Tlie Church sponsible Junior to see that her are interested in the various activities conducted during the half hour period. University Although the Junior activity leader may not always conduct the retold

story work, she is responsible to see

test feature for Juniors. is Your School that it is promoted as the special con-

f 1 i The "A"Standard is outlined in the Hand Book Supplement, pages 27 and 28. The more we develop the

Accept this invitation to study "A"Standard the greater will be our achievement.

during the Remember the group in retold story is made up of all who are interested in the art of telling stories—Juniors,

of leader Adults. Gleaners and The Winter Quarter, Commencing

will her destrive to make this group

December 8 partmentthe abilityinteresting.to tell storiesOnewellwhois hasan

artist.

The opportunity for increasing your induringIt willthe takeseparationcarefulof departmentssupervision telligence is part of your heritage. steadto keepof participatingour girls fromin a driftingdefinite acin-

Your Church University offers standard tivity.

collegiate instruction plus religious educaGive Thanks!

tion. BEFORE the last Thursday in November, try to find, or make, a

At very reasonable cost 'you can get the free hour in which to take inventory kind of training you want at ofbratingyour Thanksgiving.particular reasonsComparefor yourcelesituation with that of the girl of twenare the of blessings which yours. The

requirements Brigham Young University ty years ago and you will glimpse some of food knowledge new exercise benefits, the unlimited opportunities PROVO, UTAH culturaland and educational—all these, yearly increasing, are gifts "The Friendly School"which call for the deepest gratitude,

for they impart to you the abundance of living.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 51

VanguardsScouts Department DISTINCTIVE

COMMITTEE LIGHTING Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E. Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley FIXTURES

For Residential or Church Purposes Project Markers for Historic Spots. Send for Catalog

ITforis theappropriateScouts andthatVanguardsthe projectthis priate,tial placeson whereinvestigation,it may beto foundplace oneapproor Elder Bros. Electric

historical of markers, or kind one more suitable ofyear be the placing should plain, 136 East Bdwy., Salt Lake City In, on, every another: or near

the spots inmarkers comon historic river, desert, lake, spring, mountain, munities of the Church. mountain pass, highway, railroad, settleThis is the centennial year of the ment, town, city, county, old structure

organization of the Church; the Oreor building, school house, court house,

gon Trail Association has already theatre, meeting house, chapel, lodge or had a celebration at Independence other place frequented by the people.

list is a here reasons suggested of "And there isn't in a townRock Wyoming;

or be memorials apmarkers might why entirein the region intermountain as but propriately placed of: above: "In honor

that has some place of historic imporThe first person who visited or told about tance, Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, Calthe place; the first explorer, trapper, emiifornia, Arizona, Nevada, all the grant, scout, missionary leader, or actual

states of the Great West, are rich in settler. The first child born, the first

the deeds of the men and women who married couple, the first Mayor, the First

Pastor, First the or teacher, school them.founded

civic leader, No other states have orBishop the other most prominenta better historic background. line, in the person any one set out who

While men are yet alive who can the first trees, plowed the first furrow, definitely fix place and date, the facts planted the first grain, or sugar beets, should be set down in enduring stone or whatever the community grows best, See Us For first built the first house, erected the SCIENTIFIC sawand bronze. fact to road from The

mill, grist mill, molasses factory, sugar Lenses Duplicated—PromptEYE EXAMINATIONSServicelegend short is very to when we have factory, tannery, harness shop, boot and

depend upon the vagaries of oral trashoe shop, or blacksmith shop, started dition. We all know what pranks the first newspaper, became the first butchour individual memories play upon us er, doctor, dentist, lawyer, banker, jewelwhen we attempt to recall some haper or whatnot that marked the growth of

the place; the oldest the person, mother life; inpening our own how much CAN NOBODY of the first children; the most storekeepis difficultmore to it then our put

er; first the postmaster; the town's namefingers definite in events the upon LOSS. if sake, STOP the any; one in the brought who

others! lives of first reaping or threshing the machine; What would we not give were woman who wove the first cloth and EVERYBODY

we able to tell the beginnings of taught others; the one who introduced

set first fruit, and out orchards; the of Troy, or Athens, or of London, liCAN AVOID

so forth. and or Some one more instead taking of in recourse conjecbrary,

people in are outstanding the history of ture or fiction? shadowy IT THROUGH a deserve marker. the community—and finer course citizenin What good started the first irrigation water, or Who

ship than the scout to make boy familINSURANCE discovered that the be who land could iar with those deeds of our splendid dry farmed—honor him! Who discovered

fathers and mothers? Who is better the flowing well, or dug the first one and < 1

fitted or more worthy to do this act attached a pump? Who made it possible

to stay there night! over of loyalty to forbears? our Who for here you come When there are the routes stations Then and could better do it with spirit or make

historical of it, the Stages, Overland get coupled insurance Pony you enduring? it more Express, so and these need forth—all attentive, experienced with the Naturally arises, question so marking, the and routes do mountain

'What place have we in our cominto many valleys. service. This is an agency of

to specific in munity this honor examples: a few "Take So way? How far the Utah Home Fire Insurfirst Bridger is known, James was the it? about go shall we kind of as What

monument should we put in place? white man to see and tell about Great Salt ance Co.

it entering a in via boat Bear River These other and queries many will Lake,near CorinneBrigham City.

arise this and department stands ready "General Ashley, H. leader fur of Wm.

to cooperate these in solving diffifirst trappers, descended the canyons of culties. the in River northeastern Green Utah in UTAH HOME FIRE

thence 18 25, came up the Duchesne River J. Cecil Alter, chairman of the

Historical Committee of the Utah and met several thousand Indians and trapINSURANCE CO.

Pioneer Trails Association, has writpers in Kamas valley; then met as many

at the the of more Henry, mouth 8 CO. near HEBER ten J. GRANT the committee very splendid some

northeastern Linwood, Utah. Trappers

suggestions, which the taking we are General Agents wintered, held their and rendezsummer near Ogden, liberty to quote in full: vous and

ville, in Hole. Ogden Aals'ohalfneardozenHuntssep- Salt Lake City, Utah

"Here is a list of suggested or potenarate trappers have been in different parts 52 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 of Utah, a hundred years ago—San Juan, Landmarks Association could help them

Uinta Basin, Bear Lake, and other places. design the marker, another could help

Character Great"ThenSalt thereLake,wereJamesthe firstClymannavigatorsand othof formthem preparewith claimsthe wordingmade bytoothermakecommuit conPersonality ersby inJohn1826,C. Fremont.followed twentyAnd thereyears werelater nities,committeeand couldso forth,help andihem stillfinanceanotherthe

Education six or eight other explorers of those early project, if located in Utah.

days, or earlier, who fouched Utah, and "Let it also be supposed that the Utah

Three Essentials of the nearest present day town is the place locality having an enterprising scout troop, for their monuments. had also a correct site for some other kind

dis- a trapper, as to such monument, then the emigrants, of of "Came some Success station, stage explorer, coverer, or what note, of historic them Hastsuch as the facts locate the in the not not, but could ings, parties, the Bryant and the Donner

Historical the is where That—and the greatest of these all prior to the Pioneers; and matter. Mormon

is Character! there are numerous others after the MorCommittee comes in, of which I am the

mons came who were famous. Who now chairman. In most cases these scouts Every Child Should Know knows, without looking in a book, just can assist this committee, with local facts;

where Mark Twain, Horace Greeley, Philip but in some cases we can assist them, and

Ihe Great Masterpieces of Poetry Sheridan and other celebrities slept, ate, will be glad to do so, if called upon."

which the Bible has inspired. and travelled through Utah. These are The December issue of the "Era"

The great Masterpieces of Art spots for monuments, of a certain kind. in this same department will contain

Bible. inspired the by individual to let pertaining course us of historic data not overlook "Then

the Bible of The Masterpieces the Indians. massacred the suggesemi- They witth communities and towns itself, attractive in the most stole grants, horses the and food from it think meantime the tions. In we pubever arrangement and first pests were the and orof to troop on be idea each for a good of matchless gems formlished—its did they less things other many

; particular its work Mormons,der—yet the literary selecting strength the beauty job and reprehensible, a deserve and monument

stirstories lives; heroic great of undertake. it to wishes there, their here in favorite valleys, and or

thrilling ring adventure; and markers and of monuments Types their lakes, favorite streams in just or on

its narrative; eloquence, moving It issue. the another a in of course of half taken memory will be up tribe—and its living divine Wisdom, and chiefs their dozen of or shbuld more be the Pioneer that is to interesting note \ message. remembered. today where knows Who apalready has Association Trails

Sowiette, Kanosh, Walkara, Black Hawk, a to draw up decommittee pointed Master Library""The lies chief or well other buried? any known be these will this for and signs work I there other besides the were Indians And I Endorsed Seminary by and Sundate. early at available an chiefs a were worth who i day School Teachers throughout memorial—in-

i cluding at those massacred of City who the Church.

route, overland mail on the and Historic Spot One i 417 Mclntyre Bldg. Was. 6599 I Rocks,elsewhere.

i first Johnston's Valley, Cedar was in issue of the new Eta, Army the but it shows up only in the books. CapINpublished in November, 1929, is

tain Bonneville was pretty close to Utah, the story of the marking of a spot his and has Lake, but an ancient on name of the Pioneers to the hearts dear elsewhere. not Captain Stansbury made The spot of Pioneers. descendents first the Salt survey of so Great Lake,

a Winters, Rebecca grave of was the the books says so. no monument say—but unequal strength was whose Powell, mother Karl Gilbert, GroveORONITE Major and J. W.

Clarence Dutton, and others first discovto the rigors of the long journey ered Breaks, Park, Cedar Zion Bryce Candeath plains, the whose and acrossCLEANING the yon, surveyed and Grand Canyon prairie lonely the was burial on and

I before north country were rim and others. of typical Unknown many

are their where youmonuments—

years, the for forgotten many and their celebrated in FLUID born—yetbut written books, by

themselves of course. surveying company of a great rail-

I do not know of any emigrants'roadroad came across the wagontire which side graves which have been marked, in marked her restingplace, and out of there are Utah; and yet to be marksome herself, to the respect brave womanCLEANS

represented, they to all she and whom first the crossings were "Where of AUTOI ed. in their in order path the swerved

larger first the streams, where ferwere

Later undisturbed. her grave first ries, the the leave has marked bridges—whb railroad, together of the the officialsUPHOLSTERY route to the San Juan emigrants took

through Holein-TheRock in 187980? with Daughters of the American RevSome one ought to, on the ground, at olution, planned a ceremonial and

finish, start or preserve to which would or on the way—as well monument

as in the books. future generations of the tragedy the

it to seems Scouts, me the Boy Now the plains of eloquent which was so especially those of the organiMormon spirit, the courage of Pioneer and close their zations, contact the with with pioneer families, could ferret out a vast hardships which were too severe to and valuable mass of data, and suggest withstand. Forever the memory of

literally scores places of for monuments, will Pioneer be sweeter motherhood STANDARD reasons erecting for OIL and can they them; spot because the of which marked - products'

adults in hardly even could what do do sacrifice. their tells the story of

cases. assistance then many some And

can be given them, and the work finally

that they find could it be supposed "Let friends loves her and benefactors, A alfalfa the introduced into country,Springtime whoaccomplished. TRUE friend of his country degradation it no to comand thinks

site find a could far and not from Daniel them. and commemorate mend

first field sto that of highly alfalfa—valuedpublic freshness the Centennial Speech Webster; on if in desired, they today so Utah—then of Washington, Birthday Washington it is that understanding one commitmy ALL February THE YEAItf tee 22, 1832. this Pioneer Trails C, on and D. Utah new

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 53

The cM. E. cM.

Salt Lake School and College of Beauty Culture Calendar for November November 1 1

MARINELLO INSTRUCTOR program. Elizabeth Moogk, Supt. own make your You Builders in the Hive and spend a BeeHive book Take the Hairdressing

recell as every to necessary course, mark time 7, No. Guide 4—Utah quired byNOVEMBER interesting for will work which make four State Law, Seek Knowledge.

666 or in Cells months or 67, the evening. 68 69 No.

1 8, Open No. fee November Tuition hours. 1-—Guide decreate a will of Religion the Field $100.00. Equipthe and BeeKeeper Planning by for

girls the give ment $18.00. lightful atmosphere and

<Gith. and Hairdressing Gospel. for the feeling love of The

9, Cosmetician Safe- a No. November

re18—Guide course, time in is the nekeep to point mind main Health. Utah quired guard by to cessity the assignments for making State Law, six 10 No. November 25—Guide 1000 r o their preparmonths that early them enough (Continued) Health. fee Safeguard hours. Tuition timely. ation be thorough and may $150.00. Equipment $26.50.

Gatherers of Honey November 18 PaymentsMonthly

Classes No. 7—Evening a Day and Health"have November In "Safeguard you 4—Guide

Catalog Free EmerGauze; Home to Sterilize subject, delightful and one most How

gency Cabinet. which includes practically every field 135 East Broadway

November 1 1—Guide No. 8, Open of a girl's activity and life. Without Wasatch 7537

for Planning by BeeKeeper and the health, life is difficult and happiness

Girls. virtually impossible; with health every

Tuesday 2:30 every at to Listen KSL No. 9, The joy. is a November of day day 18—Guide to "Beauty p. 2 Thursday m. of the Bee. Life to jeopand temptations are the What Elizabeth Moogk. Hints,"by 10, No. 25—-Guide eating; November habits of In ardize health?

Diet. of exercise; of dress; of disposition.

Let them know that many of the ssrious nervous diseases of adult life

Suggestions on Swarm follow the ugly temper, the jealousy,

Discussions the anger of early years. Sweetness

of disposition, natural, acquired or

For Builders in the Hive developed through rigid selfdiscipline

November 4 health,is one ofwhichthe firstis stepsa strongtowardfactormentalin is physical fitness. Knowledge"subject "Seek

leaves article which THE Every great at be discussed can one which November 25 only cleaned is not our shop benefit immeasurable with length and to girls of BeeHive age. They are This outline follows the one of last and refreshed but also gtmrChurch groups, school of members rise given have objectionshould anteed week, which free from

girls with other crowds and groups discusthat the questions to so many cleaning able odor maof all midst in the age, their and of own is practically mapped for tonight of sion the new emotional life developing out. Be sure to keep track of all the terials.

within them, they are at a loss to unanswered problems which have know how to adjust. Friends, pretty arisen, that the subject may be thorclothes, achievement without too much oughly understood. Mail orders handled carefully

effort and a great deal of praise seem to them the height of desirability, and and promptly the idea of seeking knowledge is proFor Gatherers of Honey saic and preachy.

Point out to them the characters November 4 Salt who have really achieved, and the Lake's in one line fact that knowledge

is their or ITstandseemsthe apropersmall methodmatter ofto sterilizunder- CleanersMaster superithe secret of another ority. To select a lifegoal early in ing gauze, but it might be the means of and

life and then direct every possible efsaving a life in case of a wound. Dyers

fort toward it is the way of accomGerms are everywhere about us, and plishment. Nothing worth while was so long as we are in first class conever achieved without mapping the dition we resist most of their effects.

way ahead, and then seeking the Infection cannot enter the body knowledge which makes advancement through unbroken skin, but a cut or sure. In every phase of their lives wound or even a pin prick provides an

have them analyze the necessity for entrance for the organism which causes knowledge. bloodpoisoning. Only an antiseptic

.

54 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

treatment of the opening can prevent purely delightful. Read it and rethis happening. A sterile wash, folview it for the Swarm, if possible. Gleaner Girls

lowed by the application of sterilized If not, send in to the General Board gauze is essential to safety; and a offices, 33 Bishop's Building, and Department

BeeHive girl can take care of it as ask for a copy of the prepared outwell as an older person. line. (Continued from page 48)

November 1 November 25 house, but not so maity times when I saw to him. used parties there. have We See suggestions for this date under attracts subjects of the which One

at very not was His "He home much.Builders in the Hive. the toattention of thinking people life that so often sought he was be had to

diet. is that considered day of Once hid up. in After he been hiding had and

November 18 insignificant, it now takes its place as had come out, he was always jolly and one of vital importance, and the unhappy. He would play with the people,

Maurice Maeterlink's book "The derstanding of it unlocks the door to and he was always cheerful and happy

Life of the Bee"is one of the literary health and joy. Read the article in whenever he would come out. He was

in that respect Brother from all of time.gems Girls For BeeHive the for different September Era—"Foods

sedate, Hyrum, was who more moreit be deep may somewhat and diffiHealth,"also and "Feast Days and serious. at the I thought time Hyrumcult read, to it is but for BeeKeepers issue. in this Fast Days"like seemed a prophet more than Joseph

did. You see there was a great deal of

sectarianism about me. I thought it was

bad to sing or read a newspaper on Sunday. Once when a schoolmate of mine

had come down from Trenton and wanted me to go with her to hear the 'Mormons,'

I went Saturday, but did not want to go on Sunday at all. But I thought it would

be impolite not to do as she wished, soBEFORE WINTER I went. When I came home I went right

upstairs and asked the Lord to forgive me for going to hear them on Sunday. COMES * "I guess you have seen the picture

Paint all where Brother Joseph was preaching to the protection against Indians. and there at that time. I was The surfaces—inside put—for

all Indians were kneeling the on down. frost, with.. storms and grass in front if the of Mansion, and you

have seen that picture, that just describes the way everything was, though it is a miserable picture of the Prophet. He was

a fine, noble looking man, always so neat.

There are some of the pictures that do not look a particle like him. When he was

preaching you could feel the power and Bennett's influence.

"The first year I was in Nauvoo was a happy year, but after that it was all conProprtw fusion.was such Whenexcitement;the pressit waswas burnedthat waythereall

the time. It tried a great many people

when the Prophet gave out the word that there was to be no more gathering at

Iti#uratice> Nauvoo, as the people thought that was the place. He first told them to gather

there, but later told them the Rocky

Mountains would be the gathering place.

It was his thought that they would come

Pure Paints for exteriors... to the Rocky Mountains.

Gloss Finish for interiors.. went"I towasCarthage,in Nauvooand whenwhen histhebodyProphetwas

Quick Enamels for gay coloring brought1842, andback.cameI homehad cometo Newto NauvooJersey inin

the fall 'of 1844.

all assuring protection, beauty and durability. "After the Prophet's death when Sidney Rigdon came to Nauvoo and spoke,

Manufactured by he thought that it was his right and privilege to be President of the Church.

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Company Presidentseat and Youngspoke. jumpedIf you righthad uphadonyourthe

City the Prophet. In fact he looked like him, 65 West First South—Salt Lake eyes shut, you would have thought it was

Sold throughout Utah, Southern Idaho and Neighboring States his very countenance seemed to change, and he spoke like him.

"I know Joseph Smith was a Prophet, and I have lived to see many of his sayings fulfilled."

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 55

Foods For Health Utanut and Feast Days and Vitanut Fast Days Utah's Health Nut By ADAH R. NAYLOR Margarines

are ideal as spreads for bread, hot rolls and muffins. They—aSundayday ofof eachvoluntarymonth abstinenceas a "fast fromday"

food and of making an offering to are the finest, most healthful the poor. We do well to observe shortenings.

this day, since in addition to the religious thoughts, the curbing of the Buy them and build Utah appetite serves as a means of moral discipline, and is also helpful to our Home Industry physical well being, in that it gives the body a chance to cleanse itself of Your grocer will supply you, an accumulation of food. But fastor call the factory direct.

ing as well as feasting should be done abstinence in moderation. Total

period of time Deseret Foods food over a from fastfeasting of and custom cause condition a grave of might the Corporation It the race. as is as old length a fast unusual of any and is bodyTHEing

quite probable that this cusshould not be undertaken without the tom began with primitive man when guidance of a physician. 2246 Highland Drive

there were periods of enforced fastOur nation has set apart a day in Salt Lake City, Utah ing through scarcity of food and difthe Autumn of the year for giving ficulty in obtaining it. And there thanks to God for his good gifts, and

were periods of feasting because when for public rejoicing. Remembering

the hunt was successful there were so that "a merry heart doeth good like few known ways of preserving and a medicine,"it is well for us to relax storing food that all ate as much as on this day from ordinary labor, and possible while there was a fresh and to feast and be merry with our famabundant supply. ily and friends. Our first ThanksSince partaking of food is a pleasgiving Festival was in 1621 after the Sliced

urable sensation, the natural social first harvest of the New England colinstincts of man led him to share onists. It lasted a week, and therethese sensations with his fellows and was much to do in the way of cooking or unsliced..

there entered into the feasting a feelin the big brick ovens which had built. of been rejoicing being, ofing of well newly and The Indians joinit's better ed in to of allgiving creator the thanks the merry making and brought

things. in an abundance of meat—wild turAs man progressed and became a key, geese and deer. There was the than ever

tiller of the soil he was ever depengrinding of the corn and making of it dent on sunshine and rain. Winter into bread, cakes and puddings, the In either form Long Royal

is delicious, Bread more latter being flavored the with dried harvest, seedtimeand summer, and finer nourishing and more berries wild forest. of the Dried it that theand was natural when before! than ever beans to were, and corn cOmbinfed in, fruits gatheredgrains were and

there should be days of rejoicing, of make succotash and pumpkins were Made by the makers of the feasting and thanksgiving. Fasting, baked, also made into pies. There NEW Royal Optimistic

too became voluntary, and took on a were clams in abundance along the Doughnuts.

religious aspect. From the beginning coast, which had been gathered by Royal Baking Company,

of time mankind has been, and still the children, and a great quantity of Salt Lake City and Ogdenis, incurably religious and feasting clam broth was made—'Other fish, cod

with worship, fasting with prayer are and herring, were also cooked and Fresh at Your Grocer's practically universal in some form, in served. The week's menu sounds Twice a Day

all religions. heavy and rather formidable to our

Modern man is now able to produce ears, but they were a sturdy people food in great abundance, and to preused to hard labor and outdoor life, and their'digestion was not easily learnstore it,serve has but he it and LONG impaired. is destrucfeasting continualed that

tive to mind and body and that modIn addition to the preparation of eration in eating is necessary to health food, the feasting, certain and hours ROYALBetter Bread—Better Baked aside were setand happiness. each day for worship

Our Church has set aside the first and thanksgiving, and altogether it 56 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

was a splendid demonstration of comII ing a Thanksgiving dinner for family life.munity* traditions the of Many is friends if difficult and things not salad Pear with cottage cheese thisof Festival. are us honored by are the, before. ready made day The chicken Roast Cranberry saucethe turkey, domesticated, though now dishes should cleaned be and potatoes Mashed Giblet gravyhas the national it become bird and if is dinner the be to Celery pudding Corn silverassembled—andadorns most tables, Thanksgiving and early in day, the artable the can be Pineapple Sponge Cake dishesother served are typical of colothe ranged night before covered and

nial days. III over with a sheet. Other things

Three Thanksgiving Dinner Menus Roast leg of Fruitveal cup Stuffing thewhichcranberriescan be preparedand saladare,dressing.the turkey,The

I Sweet potatoes Celery lettuce should be cleaned and put in a

Gelatin Vegetable Salad cloth sack on the ice, so that it will

Grapefruit salad Caramel custard Cakes be crisp and cold. The pie crust, and

Celery Olives Turkey Cranberry Ice COOKING THE THANKSGIVING squashin the fillingice box,shouldthe piesbe madecan andthen putbe

Mashed potatoes Giblet gravy DINNER completed early the next morning and

Cauliflower with Hollandaise sauce PLANNING ahead is essential to baked before time to roast the turkey Pumpkin Pie -*- any successful meal, and prepar-—and last but not least the food list

should be checked, so there will be no last minute marketing.

PREPARING THE TURKEY HOUSE HEATING \7 OUNG turkeys are best, but the * body should be thick and the breast fat. You can determine the

age by trying the skin under the leg or wing; if it is easily broken the bird

is young. Old turkeys have long hairs

and their feet are dry and stiff.

Remove the pin feathers and singe off all hair. Remove oil sac which is

just back of the tail. Be sure that the

crop and all internals are out, then rinse the inside of the turkey with several waters using a little soda to correct any unpleasant odor. Wash

the outside of the turkey with warm wTater, a little ivory soap or soda, being careful, especially if soap is used, to rinse thoroughly. This process

removes all feather oil and prevents an unpleasant flavor the skin might otherwise have. Wipe the turkey dry both

inside and outside with a clean cloth.

Rub the inside with a little salt, then how pleasant with stuff breast and body and sew up turkey with strong thread. Do not

crowd the stuffing too much as allowance should be made for the bread swelling. Tie the legs and wings to

the body to prevent them from becoming dry while roasting.

The turkey should now be weighed and the correct time for roasting comNo trudging up and down basement steps... no puted—20 to 25 minutes for each tracking soot over fine rugs. You fire your furnace pound—depending somewhat on the

from your easy chair... amid cleanliness... conage of the bird. Just before placing

venience and cheer! in the oven rub into the skin of the

turkey one tablespoon of flour and

CALL AT YOUR NEAREST NATURAL GAS OFFICE onebeen halfthoroughlypound ofmixedbuttertogether.which Thishave

FOR FULL FREE INFORMATION gives the skin a beautiful brown color and makes it crisp and good to eat.

Use a covered baker, baste and turn frequently and when it is finally done the oven and from pan wrap UTAH GAS CO. remove CO. WASATCH GAS

Serving Salt&LakeCOKECity piece silence blanket of in an old or * KAYSV1LLE LAYTON FARMINGTON

CENTERVILLE BOUNTIFUL MAGNA'cloth and let stand for 10 or 15 minOGDEN GAS COMPANY TOOELE GARFIELD MURRAY

Serving Ogden MIDVALE SANDY MORGAN utes. This holds in the steam and

makes the turkey more moist and tender.

.!

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 57

Stuffing for 1 2 Pound Turkey boiler, stir constantly, adding gradually of hot water and bake in moderate 1 cup of boiling water, and when thick oven from 15 to 20 minutes. A slice

3 heaping quarts of stale bread and creamy remove from fire and then of banana in each mould adds to the crumbs (not hard) serve. This is delicious with boiled flavor.

1 large onion fish or asparagus as well as cauliflower.

Cranberry Ice 2 tablespoons of garden sage 3/4 pound of butter (or less acII 1 quart of cranberries

Juice of 2 lemons cording to richness you may de- 1/2 lemon

. sire) butter 1/4 pound

Salt, pepper and celery salt. 1 egg yolk

Chop onion fine and fry slowly Few grains cayenne pepper.

in the for butter browning) (without seasoning yolk, and lemon egg Put SEGO 1 bread minutes, with then mix MELODY fire. boiler in slow over double Cut LANE to seasoning sage and crumbs. Add it 3 one parts in equal add butter and and KSL KLO

taste. half the and onion Using only constantly. stirring time, a at piece Delightful music I a oysters fresh of pint makes adding Hardithick by from remove William and creamy When

dressing. delicious violin, man, Frank is easily rich fire serve. but This and at conthe Asper

made. Will serve 5 or 6 people. sole and Lydia

Roast Leg of Veal White Boothby, harp. Saturday

Vegetable Salad in Gelatin evenings at 9.

Have the butcher remove the bone from the leg of veal, (the small end Dissolve a package of gelatin in a of the leg is better for this roast) and little cold water, and add enough boilsecurely sew up one side, making a ing water to make one quart. When A DISTINCTIVE

large pocket for dressing. Wipe dry cool, but before it begins to thicken,and rub into the outside skin flour and add salt, juice of 1/2 lemon, and 1 taFINER FLAVOR

together.butter mixed been have which pimentos. blespoon of chopped Then

iron a large pan, (or Into the baking either peas, string add vegetables, beans improvedSego Milkmethodsis a inleaderthe inproducnew, this for of milk. Compare evaporated purpose) frying good pan is tips. asparagus or in moulds Put other brand with and tionSego any suet piece of and a small whenput chilled serve. finer.. distinctive, on lettuce you'll like firm and the when

in flavor the place the veal pan very hot mayonnaise and with dressing—chopped side, allowto side quickly from turn celery shredded cabbage or may be used At Your Grocer's

crisp to and sides ing all brown become in place of the pimentos.

and sealing in the juices. Remove

stuffing fill pocket with the pan,from as possiCaramel Custard as nearly togetherand draw ble with wooden skewers. Put roast 1 quart of milk

back into pan and bake fast in hot 6 egg yolksoven for 15 minutes. Heat milk—-1 4 tablespoons of sugar

cup to every 2 pounds of veal and Pinch of salt pour over the roast. Cover and bake Heat milk in double boiler. Caravery slowly 25 minutes for every melize sugar and add to milk. Beat

pound. yolks well and add 1 tablespoon of

cold water, then stir into the hot milk.

Corn Pudding Pour into small moulds, place in pan

1 can corn 1 green pepper 2 eggs 3 tablespoons cream A DELICIOUS,

Remove seeds and parboil green pepfine add and 5 minutes.per Chop to QUICK DESSERT

well, cream the add Beat eggscorn.

and stir into the corn and pepper mixture. Season, put into baking dish,

cover with cracker crumbs and dot with butter. Bake in moderate oven Royal Quick Setting Gelatin

twenty minutes. Dessert sets in about half the usual

time. A wonderful boon for the

Hollandaise Sauce busy housewife. Your whole.family will like the rich, fresh fruit

1/2 cup butter 2 egg yolks flavors. There are six to choose

1 egg white from. Serve Royal often.

1/4 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons lemon juice 3 tablespoons flour 1 cup boiling waterFew grains of cayenne pepper. Royal Quick Setting Gelatin Dessert

Cream butter and blend in the flour beat the eggs very light and add to At your grocer's butter, stirring thoroughly. Add lemon

juice and seasoning. Put in double

58 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

2 cups of sugar upper half. Place together again in

2 cups of water the shape it was before it was cut. CovDoes Your Roof minutes,Cook cranberriesremove fromin firewaterandforforce10 eroredthewithcake sugarwith andwhipped1/2 teaspooncream flavof

vanilla. through of sugar teaspoon lemlemon, 1/2 This and Add

fire pieces back of decorated cake be allow Give Protection? on can on with and

it cherries freeze cold or nuts, candied tojuice—putcomea tosieve.a boil. and pineapple, When

to a mush. and is very attractive when cut and

Don't wait till the ice and snow served at the table.

come to disfigure your home Pineapple Sponge Cake through that leaky roof. 5 eggs

Fix it now. 1 cup sugar Food;

1/4 cup water three serving the of problem TX7ITH cake cup flour Reroof with Old in the a present day ever * meals Amer11 teaspoon baking powder a sughousewife, magazine of program 1 ican Asphalt Shingles teaspoon vanilla gestions regarding of preways new Separate to the slowly eggs—add Right old curled over your helpful. are paring foods One most up and yolks the sugar, cup of the then half wornout shingles. wood that she reports has tried out mother water, beat and beater with dover egg

recipe (in the Foods for soup for minutes. 15 remainder of every Add

October the of for Health department flour water stir in the and and baking powder which have been sifted togethEra) to the surprise and delight of her

Satisfaction guaranteed. er. Lastly fold in the well beaten family. Cooking is either a burden

Phone or write for a free estimate. whites.in slow ovenBake50inoran60 angelminutes.food pan, ofor aimagination,pleasure accordingas wellto theas theamountingredients, put into it or left out. A

Filling simple dish can become an artistic triumph through the simple addition

Dissolve 1 tablespoon plain gelatin of new seasoning and garnish. Since

American Asphalt and 1 tablespoon of sugar in 3 tablefoods must be prepared, the Era is

Roof Corp. spoons of boiling water. Add the anxious to help in every home, and

juice of 1/2 lemon and a small can to this end Mrs. Naylor is giving

crushed pineapple. to stir each cool thousands our Phone housemonth of Was. When Beck St. of 2663—1674

in 1 cup wifereaders cream. the whipped benefit cake her Cut of knowlin "Made Salt Lake City"center through layers) (making edge two and experience. merely Don't

and spread with filling—let stand 5 read these recipes. Use them and reminutes so that it will soak into the joice!

Is $8,500,000 in Pay Checks 'worth keeping?

PROSPERITY is founded upon emof supplies and materials. The magnitude throughout the year. Each train proployment at wages which permit of the revenue thus produced for railroads vided employment for a minimum of five

the employee to enjoy the comforts has a very important bearing upon the trains and enginemen on each railroad of life and allow the employer a fair refreight rate structure of the West. If division. It is estimated that the coal

turn upon his investment. this revenue were eliminated or apprecitraffic alone supplied 110,000 trainmen

Food, clothing, coal and metals are ably decreased it probably would be necesworking days during the year, and approducts of industry that are essential to sary to advance rates on other commodiproximately the same working time for life. The efforts to produce these comties to overcome the deficiency. other railway employees.

the basic industriesmodities form of the country. payrolls they afford, The diPAYROLLS AND EMPLOYMENT tryBusinessnow is depressionsexperiencingsuchare asfarreachingthe counrectly and indirectly, are chiefly responBesides its payrolls, the Utah coal inin their effect. They cannot be materially

sible for prosperity. dustry expended approximately $2,000.- relieved except through increased employLast year of out last year for supplies 000 afis ONE payrolls. and equipment, every FIFTEEN Every one

residents chiefly of was Utah paid dependent and another out million dollars in ment—morefected, directly the or indirectly, and Utah

upon the coal industry for a livelihood. taxes and for power. coal industry is an important factor in

Approximately $8,500,000 in coal payIn addition to the more than 5,000 maintaining the balance in this region.

rolls was released to local trade channels. employees on the coal producers'payrolls The heavy winter employment provided

In 1929 the Utah mines produced in the Utah mines are directly responsible by the coal industry affords timely payexcess of 5,000,000 tons of the highest for large employment in other lines of rolls and (the money is released to local grade bituminous coal mined in the West effort. The coal produced provided aptrade channels.

and distributed it throughout the Western proximately 2,000 trains of freight, and When you burn Utah COAL you not

States. They originated freight revenue about the same number of trains were only enjoy the finest and cheapest fuel

of approximately i$ 15,000,000 besides required to move the empty cars to the you can buy but you also support one of that which they created through purchases mines, or an average of 12 trains per day the great basic industries of the West.

UTAH COAL The West's Unequalled Fuel"

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 59

YOUR TOWN The Fraud (Continued from page 21) has mouth—how could she have harfound her. She was gently dombored such a thought! To be sure, ineering with the servants; she wasit was a weakness in granddear, cheerful and talkative even when An ABERDEEN

no doubt, but it was her only Hallie knew her rheumatism was one; her relentless clinging to a well nigh intolerable. Dealer Sellingdeparted glory. To Hallie, deprived of her usual

Yes, Terry would see through round of activities, time was long, it all and he would despise her, and yet, despite recurring momentsbut at least she would not have to of depression, she was happy. DinUtah's Most

despise herself for turning traitor nertime was an event to look forto her own house. ward to through all the unreal

day. Then she and the guest Popular big candlelighted dined in the a frantic two I.T WAS alone. diningroom, Breakfast and those Hallie, two thatweeks for

intervened between his going and lunch were sent to him on a tray, his return. There was so much, but at the evening meal work had

for put aside been the day and First done. be toso very much

delightfully evenings were city for a their to the inCOALi i iHallie gone had day. It was a disconcerting ertimate and informal.

rand that took her there, for she Hallie had reckoned on three went to dispose of an heirloom months, but at their termination Buy the best by requesting that was dear to her; her mother's the plans were uncompleted. Moremoonstone necklace. All of her over, he was no longer workinggirlhood had been sprinkled with steadily as at first. He was simply ABERDEEN

dreams of wearing, some day, the dawdling.

moonstone necklace with a blue There was no hope of being Produced by velvet dress. She had sold the able to keep Maria and Lottie any

longer. all gone, money was The nice very sumdream INDEPENDENT COAL & silver—a faithful old southern and even a realize to whichof silver—forfor can't servants asked for be COKE CO. to work for granddear.dream

After that such a hurry and love alone. Besides, she could no

flurry! The lawn and the shrubs longer feed the two extra mouths.

were trimmed, the wood trim of She had thrashed this all out the the house refreshed with a new evening before he announced thatcoat of paint. The outbuildings the plans lacked yet a month's The

felt the long forgotten touch of a work. And granddear had enthusicarpenter's hammer. astically invited, nay, demanded

that he to finish them. stay on finally returned guest the When Concrete inevitable. he accept was And at the a very That door byhe was met

proper maid in the person of LotHallie, frantic in her predicament, tie, and he had a glimpse of read strange things into the lookMaria's broad back through the he gave her; a determination to Street

dining room door. stay on and wear their pretense

it Hallie had figured carefully, and and their purse—so thin that

would wring an acknowledgment in a pinching dozen places sheby from her. Her sensitive soul Is Safe the to be able maintainwould

or streets are safest—wet bitter on a diet of doubt and fear. Concretehouseholdmonths—if thuscottonfordidexactlynot fallthreetoo shrank from his smile and grew enduring unare rigid and dry. They

short. By then the drawing would der the heaviest traffic. Economical

be completed and the guest gone, to build and requiring little maintenMaria and Lottie would be dis- W:INTER loomed, ance, the concrete pavement gives unmissed and for the remainder of with the weather a beastly mixture interrupted service.

the winter she would live on bread of rain and snow. The firewood When you pave, pave with Portland

Its attractive apconcrete. fireplaces, in melted Cement and the huge if be. could need water Sheand

advanexclusive other and the fell ill after old of pearance day Sam fire in her without room. Oh,go for business it appropriate tages make flu, talking Terry logs began aboutthere of any ways must be number districts alike. and residential

one might economize if one put for the fireplace.

one's mind to it, though Hallie Granddear recalled the many PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION had thought she had discovered gay seasons when the great chim506 McCornick Building, Salt Lake City flames roared the neys had withor invented them all long since. PORTLAND CEMENT

logs the noble piled from high by the servants. She turned to the girl CONCRETE had with a little sigh. FOR PERMANENCEnever beenGIRANDMOTHERso happy, so interested "It seems to me, Hallie, that

and animated as this eventful fall our fires of recent years have been 60 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 disappointing. Why can't we have isn't it? Too perfect to break

great logs like we used to? Mere with footprints."

kindling wood, this. We must "I think,"he replied with inhave a fine big heap for Thankstensity,"I should find it more

giving. Tell Sam I said so."lovely with your footprints there."

Terry was looking at Hallie Hallie was still for a moment.

soberly, half sadly. She blazed Panic had a way of welling up

under his eyes. Her head came within her when Terry was like

up. Only this morning as he rethis.

turned from a tramp across the "Let's run a race to the foot of pasture, she had seem him pause the hill,"she suggested. "If we

You Cannot Afford beside the woodpile—a pitiful heap must make tracks across this

of sticks. He had looked at it a smooth beauty, let's at least make to be Without a full minute before going in. them swift, happy ones,"she

"Caterpillar"Trac- "Yes, grandmother, I promise turned her rosy face to him.

you as fine a log as you ever saw! "Let's run hand in band. Shall

tor During 1930! You shan't be disappointed with we?

Make your profit by towering your Thanksgiving fire this year."She gave him her hand, and they

operation costs and increasing proShe gave Terry a defiant look. ran like children to the base of the

duction. slope. Hallie was all rushing

The "Caterpillar"Tractor is the words then.

was sure this. only of doing way G:RANDDEAR is the woodlot. "Yonder We

a size have for settled for We her afteryou at a comfortably tree. a suitable find can soon We price can pay. you into Hallie hustled noon nap and lots lots evergreen, of and want

things. going outdoor She was don't we?"Tractor Landes & still tree! a to cut snow down The realize "Exactly. you But—do Equipment Company grey the held with sky and was the forgotten we've axe?"

Dealers of.promise more. it at all. keeps hid- "Not Sam

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH She was slipping very quietly den in a hollow tree. I'll show

BranchesUtah—MaladLogan, andTremonton,Preston, IdahoNephi, downpearedtheunexpectedlystairway whenat theTerryfoot apof you.a wee Ittot.has Ibeenusedhereto sincehide I therewas

it. Seeing the hooded and cloaked myself."

figure he looked wistful. Hallie

poised on the third step.

"I was just thinking,"he 1 HE axe was found

for felling. Sizable the word. was in a walk

heart. her she hardened the snow—together But GrandWINNING NEW smiled, more wistfully still, "that—and Hallie pointed out a tree jolly."be would

Users Every Day Hallie dimpled. Terry could dear must have her log, and who

be so nice, and yet-—the tree! The was so much to blame as Terry

log for the fire! himself?

But somehow she softened in The chopping proceeded rhythmically, sat Hallie and on a stump spite of herself. "It—would,"she her knees with her elbows and on agreed.

"Thank you! I'll join you in her chin in her hands. It seemed

a moment."no time at all before the tree

Hallie bit her lip. She thought crashed to the ground with a whinshudder. and sickening in ing gurgled rapidly. A chuckle

"There's your tree, madam!"her She white throat. was growing positively shrewd! When he "Oh, thank you. That was

reappeared she looked triumphant. quite a help."Her eyes were meas-

"Let's gather evergreen for decuring the length of the log. Two

orations. Would you like that?"chimney lengths it would make.

she asked. How pleased granddear would be!

"Immensely!"Now, with that hackberry yon-

"Don't be too sure! It calls for der

cutting down a sizable tree."They gathered their arms full

"I still stick to my guns."of greenery and went home. Hallie

again warmed perceptibly toward her guestcompanion as they IT was strange how tramped through the slush. Relief

light and carefree she felt as they at the thought of the log lying swung across the white fields toin readiness—-or almost so-—

gether. It brought them into a played no small part in her lightCONOCO feeling of intimacy and comradehearted mood. By the time they

GERM PROCESSED seldomship suchpermitted.as Hallie's Theyaloofnesspausedhad reacheding merrilythe athousesomeshesallywasoflaughTer-

PARAFFIN BASE at the top of a long, unbroken ry's. They went in to show

slope. granddear their salvage. They

"It's almost too lovely to mar, found the old lady brighteyedMOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 61 over a list she was making on a sugar and eggs. The sugar barrel feet. "Grandmother—about the

sheet of paper, her fine white preto time so little was empty, the few hens had quit party—there's fingers painfully drawn wielding laying. best have we'd pare, do you think

a dainty pen of pearl and gold. it, after all?"

"Hallie, I've decided we'll give "Oh, yes, do let's! Somehow a party!"she cried, her voice ring- x\FTER supper, which—"the thin voice paused, the

ing with happiness. "A really Hallie cooked and served in a daze, weak eyes gazed into a distance lovely big party, like we used to she went to the living room where Hallie could not follow—"somegive. We want to show Mr. Terry sat talking to granddear. how, I've a feeling this will be my

Newman our true southern hos- 'Your grandmother has been last year, and I want it to be a full pitality before he leaves us. We telling me the history of that magand happy one, with my friends

have done pitifully little in that nificent mantel in the library, Haland loved ones here. It will be

line recently. I'm afraid, Mr. lie,"he said as she entered. "It is so wonderful to have them reNewman, that you've had a very rather unique to own a piece like member me as happy to the end;

dull time of it. Here, Hallie, is that that was brought from the happy and hospitable. And if

the guest list. See that I've overancestral home in England so long one carries memories into the belooked no one, child. And we'll ago."yond, I shall have such beautiful

have the cousins out for a few "We are proud of the mantel,"memories. And Hallie,"again the

days, of course."Hallie replied simply. pause, a little battling breath and

Terry did not tarry long. He the looking afar, "when I die, I

must be at his drawings, he said. want to rest my last moments in

her dropped he left After Hallie seated herself the in before old house the mantel as evergreen, H.ALLIEher face white at she on a hassock her grandmother's the library. mantel is a symThe

stooped to retrieve it. Terry also

reached for it. Their fingers met.

Terry's closed over hers warmly, eagerly. Could it mean that he

understood and sympathized? But edhomeshe must not understand! He should Owneroccupi

not! She faced her grandmother

squarely, her cheeks flaming, her heart throbbing strangely.

"I think that will be delightful, granddear! How lovely of you

to think of it."

'There'll be lots to do,"the little lady went on rapturously, "but how I'll love the bustle and stir! It makes me feel all young

and fluttery just to think of it.

You'll probably be surprised at the kind of party we give, Mr.

oldfashioned,Newman—quiteyou see, with the great dining

table groaning with goodies and the huge bowls of eggnog and lemonade. There will be waiters

carving big brown turkeys and slicing whole hams and cakes by the dozen. A real feast as only

the true, oldtime southerner can spread."Somehow Hallie got out of the / is the owneroccupied home that conroom and stumbled upstairs. She stantly receives the most painstaking and

could dared not think. not——careful attention. universe shapeless,The whole was

twisted. Where was coming the

courage to face this new situation? This class of property is selected as the basis

An elaborate party, numberless of security for First Mortgage Investments obguests, hired help by the score, the cousins for a week—-and thirtytainable through our Loan Department.

five cents in her purse. GrandAsk for our list of First Mortgage Loans

mother would expect at least four e{ to net the Investor 6%. J3

turkeys for the feast. There remained two of their flock, which

she had meant to be the nucleus (Banmatiij AsMott-|enfcmsof next year's brood. poor One 31 main Street Wasatch, 123

the hung inham Salt &h. City** smokehouse. As

for cakes, etc., they all required *\. Serving Satisfied Mortgage Investors Sinee 1902 f

62 The Improvement Era for November, 1930 bol of my family's character now to wear with it, but oh, the bedside. The woman touched it

though I am little worthy of it magic of blue velvet and a touch of lightly. "It's for you. Spend it

a symbol of beauty and strength lace! Her breath escaped in an ecall for a dress for the party. I've

and loyalty. It belongs here, Halstatic sigh. And granddear in a been saving it a long, long time,

lie, in this house forever."new silk gown. Granddear! The thinking perhaps someday we

Hallie put firm hands over the color drained slowly from her might be poor and need it. Wasn't

little wizened ones tenderly. cheeks. Could she betray grandthat silly of me? Now, I'm sure

"Granddear, don't speak of dydear? Why, the mantel was not we won't, and you must have a

ing! Don't."How transparent the even Hallie's. And she had harlovely dress. What do you think

small face, frail and white and bored such a traitorous thought! of blue velvet?"

unearthly. Oh, it was true, that She shook her head. "The manHallie was on her knees, the

she was going away, perhaps very tel is not mine."contents of the little bag gripped

soon? Hallie struggled with a "But I had supposed that at in her fingers, her face against the

catch in her throat. Of course she her death the home would be frayed silk coverlet.

would have the party, somehow. yours, inasmuch as you have cared "Yes, blue velvet!"she echoed.

Granddear was exhausted now, for her so faithfully?"She was shaking with mingled

and Hallie put her to bed. She "It has never been discussed. At sobs and laughter. Funny little

scarcely made a bulge in the silken any rate, the mantel will stay here, granddear! When they got poor

counterpane, she was so slight. always."and needed it, indeed! She pressed

Hallie tucked her in and kissed the She rose. Terry rose also. His the icy gold pieces against her hot

soft cheek. arms went out to her, yearningly. wet cheek. Twenty double eagles!

"Oh, Hallie, my dear, my Riches! A vision swept before her

largely sugar It of consisted eyes. hands her surrendered She dear!"in light out was 1 HE turkeys, eggs to and hams and her and drawing to was him. He fire of a remnant library, but the candies. party! cakes toof and face The bent dear was His him. Evidently hearth. the burned on her were on hands deGranddear's her, the her. Toward ward early. retired The too, had Terry, lovely be very hair. must the "You pretender, sham, ceitful, the great the to girl slowly crossed darling. He's for hated, Terry Newman, that Terry everything oh, glowed rich wood whose mantel loves you. fine he a and man away. She drew she was. royal loom. a satin on like woven stay. to I asked him must That's why "Terry,

it caressingly, touched please—I—you hand Her If you. for you I wanted him not."of slabs supporting the across slid Hallie, and go I darlove away him, not, must my why "And marble. shall have you someday, with him ling?"behind slight sound a was There you."to take with the mantel me. despise would "You—find Terry to turned she and her Please—sitting in a great chair watching "I despise you? Impossible!"

her. lay Granddear callgranddear I hear "There!

I alone."I was thought "Oh! handembroidered her on the back be can ing me! you. startled What—what I not have "I hope case. pillow linen matter?"frightto so not I hard trying was you, dear, thank and "Yes, too, had her. released He He unwere for you I saw you, en you!"thank call. faint the heard you presence. Won't of aware my HalWaincott, true a "You're

sit down and talk to me?"There lie, the finest of the line,"she

was a note of tender supplication Hallie flew to the whispered as the girl kissed her inposite—sathis voice downand sheandsat down opchamber back of the living room. again. noticed imThe old lady was sitting up in bed. Hallie put out the light and

mediately that the big brassbound "Oh, granddear, you'll be all slipped into the dark living room.

woodbox was open and empty. chilled! Lie down. What is it? She stuffed the bag into a cubby

The lamp was out. Was it empty Are you ill?"hole in the secretary and, walking

of oil? Panic and despair seized There was a faint chuckle. "No. like one but half recalled from

her, sirens screamed in her ears, Make a light."a dream, crossed the hall to the

so that she did not hear what The girl obeyed, shakily. library. Terry rose to meet her. Terry was saying—something "I thought of something else. "I hope Mrs. Burch is not ill?"

about the mantel. Look in the little box on the table "Oh, no, she's quite all right,

"Naturally, you would not and find a key."thank you."

want to part with it during your Hallie complied. "Now behind She joined him on the hearth.

after lifetime, but grandmother's air somecharged with Hallie was was tapestry the The there—."I sell it to me, that if you will felt lifted the new. thing Terry it. When excited She by now.

will advance you a thousand dolfaded tapestry. In the panel was he turned to her she did not move

lars on it as an evidence of good a keyhole. The key fitted. away. Quickly she was in his

faith.""Now!"The little woman's arms, quivering, throbbing, yieldeyes were dancing, her cheeks pink, ing. She lifted her face to his

felt OHE sat up sharply. her useless hands clasped. kiss. Her heart sang. She

A thousand dollars! The happy The panel swung open and instrangely light and joyous. She

solution to everything! Food, fireside the dark opening the girl saw could tell him now, for was it not

the wood, and a party as elaborate a little bag. really true?—they had had

as granddear could desire. And "Bring the bag."The panel money all along!

closed, the tapestry replaced "Sweetheart, sweetheart, why a decent frock for herself—blue was

velvet! There were no moonstones and the girl took the bag to the have you been so cold, so cruel?"

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1930 63—and"Oh, youTerry,hateI'msuchsuchthingsa fraudso. ing,He"Anoddedgenius!emphatically,A genius forrepeatloy- summera womanlakes.who would"I cannotnot beimagineutterLucette told me."alty, a genius for affection, a genly loyal to the man she loves;

ius for management. Hallie, if I who would not give him immeasTiERRY was laughing had a wife who could give me urable devotion."

happily. "Did she tell you at the such affection, such loyalty, truly

stick broke in the same time that I admire the kind the world would be mine."A burning

of loyalty that knows no quarter? He waited. fireplace and sent a shower of

That I admire sweetness and modsparks upward, lending a rosy rafaces, lifted esty already radiant her diance to two and genius?"H.ALLIE

as still "Genius? blue eyes were lighting head. The that the somber mantel But I'm not—I'm the

only real dunce in the family!"and untroubled now as twin midwas the symbol of a race.

THIS NEW

DelcoLight IRONCLAD Battery Will Modernize Your Farm Electric Plant and Give 50% More Service

DELCOLIGHT, pioneer of farm electricity,development—brings youthetodayDelcoLightits latest

IRONCLAD Battery. Put a magnifying glass to the positive plate of this

great new battery and you'll see why this is the mostimportant news since 1 Tubes Revolutionize DelcoLight developed the combination! dea in electric plants. Battery Service

Here's what the magnifying glass The secret of its unbelievably long shows. Instead of pastedon active life is the positive plate with those

material, attached to flat plates, you'll slotted rubber tubes. This revolutionary type construction of new see the makes tiny row on slotted of row hard

DelcoLight for over good IRONCLAD rubber holding the material tubes—! 4,000,000 hours service watt of That means inside it flake doesn't where away. the Light Delco gives you IRONCLAD more c %<> You this can s t battery amou any from

. service slotted foryour This han battery other any money tube apauthorized principle—DelcoLightdealer. batsure the Be course this marvelous Of battery new first for plied the is tery time you to electric farm buy has "DelcoLight on IRONCLAD"differentin It's all built many ways. heavier the cover thejar, the on strap, battery of the on plant batteries by DelcoLight, gives with around reserve generous to power negative plates the on glass battery and jars. half again you service actual It lasts any more meet emergency. longer, gives

better service less costs use. and to than the ordinary battery. This marDelco-Light are They IRONCLAD. convelous DelcoLight tained in interesting an illustrated IRONCLAD folder. the Write Facts for

free. will Battery for your Write copy today. modernize youri ndividbattery is This available for use with now ual electric plant. It's a battery you electric your plant. farm Before bat- a get you It'sDELCOLIGHT COMPANY can for depend superservice. upon facts all tery, the this get about great Dept. new Rochester, N.Y. F-33

Ironclad Battery DELCOLIGHTThe nearest distributors are listed below. In addition there is a DelcoLight Dealer in every community.

Electric Light & Refrigeration Co.

1315 East First South Street Salt Lake City, Utah 64 The Improvement Era for November, 1930

that, going back, means the abmost languages, there is a dearth enough, strong really of stract words man "good."word To Profanity his that either uses the wornames profane the must we word

By GEORGE D. KIRBY make coins as great or he ship 'holds of the to combination get back

I excusing in, not first it words. But given am was words side of other the us look on I is that oaths are swearing.LET There swearing Well, mustn't we? it at us look Let "durn."the that it only over, isn't not shudder habit, although ugly an view, linguist's who, thefrom the but Deity has person all late acquisition. named at a Why lanof derivation thestudying bitter hatred, the also because of Well, it acquisition? late isn't a horror at over us our laughsguage spirit charging the in murderous science steps linguistic and here certain words. for sanctityand is It the the words. black under of the that majority says manthe for stands "durn"wordThe is is It black. that heart hatred use if all, is to inclined not kind, that andstronger "damn,"word, of the using the alone not mixture name our stronger than words olden the into backchanging conhimself that would language Deity he a Latin of and Saxon "judged for is English theGreek evil underlying also the but angry, demn, for us provides when wc wouldn't judged."beor And letters in of any that combination struggling with or frightened said if swearing we nearercome his is in this language feelings, may name which and we strong why It other? the than judged""be used. in expletives. Because be into break the mentionis the we when same

sacred word "God."This word GsVsi*

comes from the Saxon "Gott"and

Tested For a Century By DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

Index to A FTER one hundred years the Church seeks the absorption of it welcomes by Advertisers world'** Churchas an organizationstands beforeeffectedthe goodthe adoptionfrom all sources,of its methods

Company Page under the personal direction and others, but it recognizes that the

American Asphalt Roof Corp. 58 inspiration of Him whose name sharing of its authority is beyond

AshtonJenkins Company 61 it bears. human prerogative.

Beneficial Life Insurance ComIt is not an outgrowth of manReserving to itself that which

Cover Back pany it distinctive it is a revelainstitutions, among men makes made 54 Paint Glass 8 Bennett it the officially its associated with and growth tion God. In from 48 Company Coal Blaze Blue Co.——continue will interCreator, the attended Divine 50 Church University.. been has by Young Brigham

Columbian Optical Company.. 51 position for its protection and conto extend its arm of interest to

Oil Company Continental the its living, unprogress. dead, the for the and inspiration 60 stant

.... 55 Corporation Foods Deseret Gospelconquest born. of Diby that Its leadership been has The Press 49 Deseret News

'will carried be its missionaries our authority membership vine and 5 Electric Company.. Elder Bros.

Electric Light ft Refrigeration.. 63 has been reached and held together to the ends of the earth. At the

First Securities Corporation by the individual testimony of the call of the honest in heart, the

Cover Inside Front its efborders be enlarged doctrines of Zion will truth of and the.. College 44 Business Henager's proits of outside It has ordinances. of on the invitation

fc> Co... 59 ficacy Coke Coal Independent

Ketterer 5 Perschon Company... 48 survived persecution, outlived osgressive peoples, and her instituKnight Fuel Company 46 tracism, pushed prejudice into the tions will furnish a soughtafter

Kewanee Boiler Company 47 background and won a standing leadership for the world in its

Landes Company & Millennium. the in places it march toward where admiration 60 of 52 Library Master The years of historyIn its hundred conwith once looked upon was Implement Company Mt. States

Inside Back Cover tempt. Its advancement in the making, the Church has given unNational Academy of Music... 47 face of obstacles has arrested the mistakable evidence of possessing

Portland Cement Association 59 attention of the most thoughtful not only the germs of increase but of Culture 49 Beauty School Quish its also and efficacy of automatic of the power the age. of The 53 Dyeing Cleaning Regal &

it in elimination; authoritative efforts charthe and community 55 Baking Company Royal

Royal Gelatin Dessert. 5 7 acter of its membership have placed there is no place for the accumulaSalt Lake Cabinet & Fixture it in the foreground for favorable tion of iniquity, nor is there any

Co. 47 consideration as an institution line of leniency to which the unSalt Hardware Company 45 Lake

Knitting Store 45 worthy to be perpetuated under repentant and evil doer can cling. Salt Lake

Salt Lake Pressed Brick Co 2 the law of the survival of the Happily there are no prophetic

Salt Lake School of Beauty fittest. pronouncements of woes against

Culture 53 In humility it lays claim to this people as a whole, even huSego Milk Company their proclaiming "cut stone out without the 57 being man predictions 48 Library Speakers Colare heard a hill,"downfall city no more. the hands,""set upon Oil Standard Company 'of Cal-.

ifornia 52 the mountain of the Lord's house, lectively the Church has been livTaylor, Joseph William 45 the Zion of the Latterdays, the ing and will continue to live the

Utah Coal Producers Associacustodian and dispensation of the laws upon which blessings only 8 5 tion predicated. are In taken it and through to be is "never that

5 6 Gospel Gas Coke Company Utah & leading conditions to anearth it and nor given by it, are from the of Beauty School Utah High

Culture. 48 other people."to immortality and eternal life,

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. 5—"theIn the salvationfulfilmentofof souls"-—theits mission theof thefinalLordobjectiveJesus Christ.of the Gospel

o4rebuLosing Golden Hours with the children-?

of childish eagerness one full yourself, deprive and the HOURS—how thatwonderfulwill neverthty comeare! again—eachWill you longer

little ones, when this precious spare time can so easily be

The new Haag 75 washer will bring it to you. The superior efficiency

of the Haag patented safety agitator speeds up the laundering from tha very moment you start. And when the last snowywhite piece glides

smoothlywringer—thefrommorningbetweenis thestill balloontypeyoung. soft rubber rolls of the new

This marvelous new Haag is yours on the easiest of easy payments. Let

it revolutionize "washday"for you. A phone call to your dealer will bring

this washer to your home for a free demonstration. Can you afford to

postpone it?

DEALERS Jones & Toponce, Malad, Idaho Mtn. States Imp. Co., Twin Falls, Idaho

F. E. Wilson, Kimberly Idaho Mtn. States Imp. Co., Idaho Falls, Idaho

Havcman Hardware, Salmon, Idaho Albert Bunker, Veyo, Utah

L. Olson, Scipio, Burley, Idaho Utah Ken Swan son & Musser,

Kowallis, Mercantile, Idaho "Logan, Salmon, Pioneer Utah W. F.

Farmers* Equity, St. Anthony, Idaho Jackman Brothers, Levan, Utah

Ririe Hardware Company, Ririe, Idaho J. W. Summerhays, Nephi, Utah

Morgan's Incorporated, Downey, Idaho Jones & Toponce, Garland, Utah

Theil & Olson Bros., Montpelier, Idaho Schonian Furniture, Duschesne, Utah

Paul Produce & Storage Co., Paul, Idaho Heber Mercantile, Heber City, Utah

Jerome Hardware & Imp., Jerome, Idaho Albert Johnson Lbr. Co., Ephraim, Utah

Murtaugh Hardware Co., Murtaugh, Idaho Southern Utah Exchange, Panguitch, Utah

City Trans. & Storage, Soda Springs, Idaho Grass Valley Mercantile, Koosharem, Utah

Shoshone Furn. & Hdw., Shoshone, Idaho Genola Hay & Produce Co., Santaquin, Ut.

Mountain States Imp. Co., Buhl, Idaho J. M. Peterson Lumber Co., Fairview, Ut.

Mountain States Imp. Co., Preston, Idaho Merrill Lbr. & Hdw., Brigham City, Utah

Mountain States Imp, Co., Shelley, Idaho Mountain States Imp. Co., Ogden, Utah

Mountain States Imp. Co., Blackfoot, Idaho Mountain States Imp. Co., Murray, Utah

Distributors MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN, UT21H,\ Motor or 4-cycle Briggs & Stratton gasoline engine

Model 75 is furnished with J/4 h. p. General Electric

"Why, Daddy, Why?"

Daddy, If you know we're hungry

Know that we are very poor It mus + break your heart In heaven 'Cause you never did insure Mamma wonders why you didn't Save the dimes you threw away But you felt too strong and healthy

For insurance, people say.

You were taken without warning,

Leaving us to fight alone.

You'd have taken out insurance,

Daddy, if you'd only known!

'T wasn't that you didn't love us—

I recall how dear you were—

But your little girl must suffer 'Cause you failed to save for her.

*. * * Mamma just can't make the living,

She is wearing out, she said.

I shall have to miss some schooling

For the sake of daily bread. *

When she's gone I guess they'll take me

To a place of charity To be clothed and fed. But, Daddy,

It can ne'er be home to me.

Mary's Daddy left insurance And their home will still be theirs.

They're not hungry. Sometimes Mary

Gives me castoff clothes she v/ears.

They don't have to take in sewing:

Mary's Mamma doesn't cry;

For her Daddy left insurance But you didn't, Daddy.—AnnieWhy? Denman.

21 SPEGI21L FEATURE WITH 9he BIG HOME COMPANY

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY