HnEjpMMiiMsil

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City, Utah1 "Jesus The Christ"The publication of this new work by the Deseret News; comprising over 800 pages, from the

pen of DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

lias been officially announced by the First Presidency of the Church, who say: "We commend

it especially for use in our Church

Schools, as also for the advanced theological classes In Sunday Schools and Priesthood Quorums, for the instruction of our missionaries, and for general reading."

The work deals with the Messiah vand His Mission throughout past, times, present, and future attested Sympathy Is Grateful as as as well by modern

When you're sorrowing. But it doesn't ancient Scriptures.

pay bills. An insurance policy is full It presents the life and mission

of the right sort of sympathy when ofthe the"Mormon"Savior pointof mankindof view. fromyour property is destroyed. And no Of superior quality as to paper,

one should neglect to secure protection type, and binding.

against such a contingency. We give In half leather, $1.50.

you the maximum of insurance at minSend in your orders now imum of cost. Let us quote you rates.

Deseret News Book Store Home Fire Insurance Go. of Utah THE LEADING BOOK CONCERN 6 MAIN ST.

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street.

"Keep Money at Home."

Exposition The Panama—California

1, January Open J/-V1"NSAN L/IEAjWniFP.n 1915. closes Dec. 31, OCTOBER

The PanamaPacific International Exis Farmer's Month portion SAN FRANCISCO AT THE

Opens February 20, close December 4, 1915

PanamaPacific Exposition Excursion Rates in Effedt Daily Exhibits of Special Interest to those engaged in Agriculture, Stock Raising to November 30th, 1915 and Dairying, will be features.

Inclusive

Rates

via the SALT LAKE ROUTE Rate will be In effect via Salt Lake and Los

Angeles going, and returning via San Franfrom all Utah Stations oisco and Portland, or going via Portland TO and San Francisco, returning via Los Angeles and Salt Lake, or returning in either Los Angeles, San Francisco case via San Francisco or Ogden.

San Diego Consult any O. S. L. Agent for rates, descriptive literature, etc., or write, For particulars consult any Salt Lake Route agent or address

D. E. BURLEY, Gen'l Passenger Agent, J. H. MANDERFIELD, A.G.P.A.

Salt Lake City, Utah 10 Eaft Third South, Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASg MBNTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO THEE

Love's silver star is burning in the west.

The fervent summer eve is passing slow;

From eastern purple o'er the mountain's crest,

Jove's golden planet looks on earth below.

The circling curlews make their plaintive sounds.

The winds among the waterrushes sigh,

Thy lover's thoughts pursue their'endless rounds,

And in his heart is that which cannot die.

And once you walked this path, and at my side.

When all my thought in newborn hope was thine;

The twilight lay, thus, o'er the landscape wide,

And thy loveglances pledged thy life as mine:

Ah, now the golden summer time is dead,

Yet I do love, as ere its hours were sped!

-ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

IN THE HEART OF THE YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK.

Improvement Era

, NOVEMBER, 1915 No.Vol. XIX

of A Notable Feature of the World's Congress

Religious Philosophies

BY JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

In connection with the great PanamaPacific International

Exposition, for which the year of our Lord 1915 will be ever memorable in history, a Congress of Religious Philosophies assembled in San Francisco on July 29, 30, and 31. Three sessions

were held daily. The program had been prearranged and officially

published; and the proceedings appointed for each of the three

days were distinctive. In the printed announcements the first

day was designated Christian Day, the second, Hindu Day, and the third, Oriental Day.

The cosmopolitan character of the gathering and the impelling purpose of the movement leading up to the calling of the Congress are indicated in the following inscription, which appeared on the titlepage of the official program:

"The cause of equity, tolerance and peace is better served by bringing together in an amicable spirit those differing in thought, than by aggregating those differing merely in nationality."

The liberal intent of the organizers, in inviting to the platform the representatives of any religious system claiming to possess a distinctive philosophical foundation, is demonstrated by the following extracts from the program:

Oriental Day: Mohammedanism Philosophically Considered; Sufi

Philosophy; The Underlying Principles of the Bahai Faith; Taoist

Philosophy; Confucian Philosophy; The Philosophy of Shinto; The

Fundamentals of Buddhist Philosophy; Modern Psychical Research

and its Inferences; Theosophy as a Religion.

Hindu Day: The Philosophy of the Vedas; The Universality of

Hinduism; The Vedic Conception of the Soul; The Philosophy of the

BrahmoSomaj; The Philosophy of Zoroastrianism; The Philosophy of

Yoga; Philosophical Aspects of the Sikh Religion.

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Christian Day: Catholicism as understood by the Orthodox Eastern

Church; "Mormonism"and its Underlying Philosophy; The Philosophy

of Roman Catholicism; and The Philosophy of Protestant Christianity.

It will be readily observed that in contrast with the many and diverse religious systems of the Orient, to each of which a hearing was granted, the churches recognized as having a right to be heard on Christian Day are significantly few. Indeed, on the program

for that day but two of the sessions were devoted to addresses dealing with the philosophies of Christian churches proper; the

evening meeting was given over to nonChristian and antiChristian speakers as witness these topics: The Philosophy of

Judaism; and, (save the mark!) The Philosophy of Atheism!

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was invited to send a delegate to the Congress, and the present writer was honored in being appointed as such by the presiding authorities of the Church. He was received and treated throughout with the

greatest possible courtesy and respectful consideration, both in the open sessions of the Congress, and in personal association with officials and fellow delegates at all times. His address was published in the September Era under the caption, "The Philosophical

Basis of 'Mormonism'". All the addresses are to be published

in a volume of Transactions of the Congress.

The narrow limitations of the program for the morning and afternoon sessions of Christian Day will find ready explanation in the minds of all unbiased and capable students of Christianity as a system of religion expressed or embodied in churchly organizations. Be it remembered that the assembly in San Francisco was

convened as a Congress of Religious Philosophies, not as a convention of churches, nor a parliament of religions. The treatment expected in each address was the philosophical foundation upon

which the respective system is grounded. The cardinal doctrines

of the several religions were to be explained and justified on the basis of reason and consistency, by lecture, nor advocated and preached by sermon.

It is a notable fact, though, as stated, one not difficult to explain, that in preparing the program for this the latest and in many respects the most important of all cosmopolitan assemblies of representative religionists, only three religious organizations or churches had place in the officially appointed proceedings on Christian Day, and these three were the churches embodying Catholicism, Protestantism, and "Mormonism".

True, both the Roman and the Greek churches were recognized as exponents of Catholicism, and this because of the fact that the schism by which the Church of Rome was sundered and the Greek Catholic Church established is dignified by age, dating back to the fourth centurv; and each of the rival churches has

WORLD'S CONGRESS OF RELIGIOUS PHILOSOPHIES 5

persisted in its averment of sound, philosophical, and scriptural reasons for its segregated status. Disappointment was evident in

the assembly when announcement was made that the VicarGen- eral of New York, who had been accredited to the Congress as the representative of the Roman Catholic church, was not present; but

the hope was expressed that his paper on "The Philosophy of

Roman Catholicism"will appear in the forthcoming volume,

Translations of the Congress of Religious Philosophies.

The paper presented by the representative of Greek Catholicism, who was announced as an Archimandrite of the Orthodox

Eastern Church, was a cause of surprize. Instead of asserting a

positive basis in support of his church, the speaker undertook to demonstrate the essential unity of Greek and Roman Catholicism, and advocated the return of the Greek faction to the Roman fold with the Pope as shepherd of the reunited flock.

The address on "The Philosophy of Protestant Christianity"was devoid of any averment of philosophical support for Protestant churches, as being severally or all together the Church established by Jesus Christ, or as possessing through succesion or otherwise the authority and power of the Holy Priesthood; and comprized

a discussion of the desirability of church unity, and the demolishing of the barriers which divide the many Christian sects of the day. "Mormonism", socalled, was the only religious system that affirmed a positive, unequivocal, and independent philosophical basis for its doctrines. In making this statement, the writer has

in mind the subject and not his presentation thereof; he therefore

disavows even the most shadowy conception of personal distinction. Any program calling for a presentation of Christian philosophy today would be wofully incomplete were "Mormonism"excluded therefrom. To this fact the organizers of the recent Congress were duly attentive.

But, should one ask, why, in such a gathering of representatives of Christian churches, no'place was provided for Presbyterian,

Methodist, Congregationalist, Lutheran, or other representation of organized societies professing Christian adherence, the answer would be that all these organizations, however worthy their purpose, however devoted their ministers and members, are, by their own acknowledgement as supported by the history of their respective origin and growth, sects rather than churches, not one of which affirms possession of the Holy Priesthood, without which there can be no Church of Jesus Christ.

Possession of authority, through divine bestowal, to minister in the name of God, is the essential and indispensable characteristic of the Church of Christ. Churchly organizations that venture

not even a semblance of claim to this bestowal, are without rational basis of profession as The Church of Jesus Christ.

6 [MPROVEMEN1 ERA

Judged by this standard of claim alone, entirely apart from the question of evidence or proof as to the validity of the claim, and restricting the designation "church"to such organizations as assert possession of such divine authority, there are on the earth today

Catholic Church and The Churchbut two churches—the Roman

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Speak, Lord, for Thy Servant Heareth

Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth,

And heareth but to obey Be this the prayer that shall rule my life

Till I rest for the judgment day.

Lord, speak through thy chosen prophet

The message I wait to hear, Or speak by thy Spirit's prompting

And make thy purpose clear.

Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth,

And dark though the way may be,

And all unknown the journey Thy wisdom has planned for mc;

Though often my feet grow weary,

Though sometimes my* strength be spent.

Yet speak to me, gracious Master,

Unfolding thy wise intent.

Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth,

And of my earthly store Would render to thee thy measure

Pressed full and running o'er Whatever of mine, kind Master,

May be thy kingdom's need, It is thine if thou speak, for surely

Should my faith have outgrown my greed.

Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth,

And what thou would have me do

If it need the power of my busy brain,

Or the labors my hands pursue;

I le my calling the work of a lifetime.

Or the task of a passing day.

Yet speak, for thy servant heareth.

And heareth but to obey.

provo, utah Annie D. Palmes

Brotherhood*

BY JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR.

The comingof Jesus Christ breathed a new life into this vast world. His advent was heralded by a new star and songs of

peace by the angels of heaven. It was the fulfiling of a promise

that "The Redeemer of the Race"should come. His advent revealed a new system of thought and living that did away with andeliminated the old established Mosaic Law—"A tooth for a tooth,

and an eye for an eye."The universe has received a new light,

a new life and a new way.

Thinking, doing, feeling may be termed the fundamentals of that most wonderful life. They may indeed be termed the very

qualities whose presence or absence make for a successful or an unsuccessful life, as the case may be, because the predominating power in any line of work is the force which puts into operation thought, action and feeling. Men and women who have attained

to heights of achievement in their lives have thought well and clearly, and have then acted out these thoughts with a feeling that has been distinctive, positive, effective and convincing.

Conforming to any law requires a degree of human intelligence, before the law is comprehended or understood, and in the analysis of the law these three elements are the dominating forces.

This fact was well understood by the Master. In social life,

then as now, one finds a wonderful field in which to operate, and apply the law that governs right and justice. The class distinction

which is usually found in social organizations is often very detrimental to the progress of the race, and as a consequence there is an inequality among individuals. This inequality is the breeder of

strife, discontent and crime. In such organizations, love, brotherhood and fraternity have been replaced by frivolity, lightminded-

ness and material pleasures. Those of the supposed superior class

subsist and live on the so called inferior class who are constantly contributing to the support and maintenance of the fashionable ones. We must remember that human feeling is the same in all,

although in some there is a greater development of this feeling than in others. Those who have thought better, done better, and conformed their lives more closely to the higher ideal, are better able

to dominate the lives of others, whether in high or lowly stations

*A Christmas sermon delivered at the Utah Agricultural College,

Dec. 15, 1914.

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of life. With this kind of society the world with its civilizations

would grow better and higher, in fact, this is the only kind of society that will bring the race to the standards of the Christ. High

and splendid thought comes only through high and splendid morals. In some of the high types of social life in the world

today they aim at one thing only, and that one thing is to effect a standard that has in it the Christlike qualities of love and brotherhood. In this they adopt and aim to carry out rules, and

conform to the laws of purity, both phyiscal and moral, and they emphasize the sanitation of the mind fully as much, if not more, than that of the body. This, of course, makes them a power, a

force, and a strength in the land. They embody in their code of

faith, ethical, and moral principles which have in them the lifesaving power of God. They teach, practice and feel the principles

of honesty, sincerity, reverence, love, brotherhood, fraternity, loyalty and many other things that have been dedicated to the uplift of man. These are they who radiate power and a wholesome

influence, who think, feel and give. Benjamin Franklin headed

an organization called the "Junta Club."The message of this

organization was brotherhood, not the brotherhood of selfishness, of greed and seclusion, but the brotherhood that sends a spark of love into our being, inspires our souls, and sends us marching triumphantly on to God. The membership consisted of men who

pledged their lives to the betterment of humanity. The splendid,

truths lived and taught by this organization stand out as rays of light to all the social world, and act as some of the standards for the great message of Christ the Lord. Some of the truths are

as follows:

1. "Have you met with anything in the author you last read

remarkable or suitable to be communicated particularly in history, morality, poetry, physics, mechanical arts, or other arts of knowledge?"

2. "Do you know a fellow citizen who has lately done a worthy

action, deserving praise and imitation, or has lately committed an error proper for us to be warned against and avoid?"

3. "Do you think of anything at present in which we may be

serviceable to mankind, to their country, to their friends, or to themselves?"

4. "Hath any deserving stranger arrived in town to your knowledge? What have you observed or learned of his character or merits?"

Others, many others could be cited which have a direct bearing on the perfection of life. Those that have been quoted tend to

convev the splendid power, force, and strength men and women have who embody them in their lives, and it is here that Christ and his religion as a force must have its beginning. The world todav

is offering systems, organizations, creeds denominations and societies all having: in them some element of salvation. Some are

BROTHERHOOD o

strong in their advocacy of doctrinal <r theological thoughtmany of these are unbalanced.

"They have solved,"so Henry Ward Beecher says, "the universe. They have not only got it. but they have formulated

it."They seem to know God and his ways by the theological route.

They fasten themselves to doctrine alone, leaving out some of the lifesaving things that arc very essential in making Christ and his religion a force in the world. There are also some who reach, so

they think, eternity by singing hallelujahs, songs and hymns, whose emotion is their religion. This is the force that moves them on to

God. There are thousands upon thousands who show their devotion and worship in just the way indicated, and are accomplishing

some good in the world to be sure. True, this kind of religion

produces a feeling without much thinking or doing. This kind of

worship is not the kind however that makes the Christ the power he should be in the world. There are some societies and churches

who concentrate their energies and all upon mere devotional exercises and expect from it salvation. They have in their systems of

worship formulated prayers, and printed services. They arc,

at least some of them, honest and good. "When one looks into

the interior life of these churches,"so it is said, "he will find their charities, their sense of responsibility to the weak and poor, and to the ignorant, are perpetually acting as an inward fire, and developing intelligences not common to other forms of worship."

But to establish the fact that Christ and his religion is the power that controls or should control, and will eventually control the universe, one must think, act upon and feel the force of his teachings. To establish a brotherhood that has in it the elements of

salvation, both temporal and spiritual, there must be a combination of forces in the social and religious systems of the world that have for their foundation undciiled love. Right here it appears to me

that it resolves itself to individual effort which means ultimately, family and community development. In dealing with the individual as the medium through which religion or brotherhood can

have its social and economic value, we of course must find leadership, strong feelings of loyalty and faith-—a love for these two

essentials, because these two qualities produce confidence in our fellow men. The individual must be disciplined in loyalty and

faith before there can grow out of him such strength as will influence the family or the community, and so the social value of religion or brotherhood is brought on by a process of applying such principles as harmonize with moral and ethical laws. It is said,

"The world belongs by a law of nature to the disciplined and productive races, and not to those who devote themselves to graceful consumption, and eminent leisure."

In other words, there is but little if any value in the one who consumes, and does not give anything in return. The many interHi IMPROVEMENT ERA

pretations that have been placed upon that scripture which says, "Who is my neighbor?"has brought us to a conclusion that in a

perfect brotherhood, all men to whom we can contribute good must of necessity be our neighbor. The value of unity can only

he appreciated and understood by a unity of effort. Some sixty

years ago Denmark was having a terrific struggle in producing enough breadstuff for her own use. in fact, her wheat crop at that

time was hardly marketable, her people numbering 2,775,000, were discouraged, but the individual efforts of one man brought into the lives of these Danes the great principle of cooperation, lie organized societies, and taught them the material principles of brotherhood and unit}'. Through the efforts of this bishop in

combining good ethics with his church, there was brought about the phenomenal growth that his country has made during the last half century. Today, Denmark has out of her 2,775,000 people,

918,000 who are engaged in farming and dairying, 16,000 who are gardening, 16,000 who are in the forestry, 34,000 in the fishery business, 675,000 engaged in the industrial pursuits, and 114,000 who are professional men and women, 85% of these people own their own farms, and own more wealth per capita than any other nation in the world. These people furnish England alone with

92,500,000 dollars'worth of butter and eggs and bacon a year.

I have given this as an illustration of the direction of splendid ethics into social, and religious life, again demonstrating the fact that to establish a brotherhood among men, there must me thinking, doing, and feeling in an individual way.

The unfolding of God's truth has always been marked by an advance in the progress and civilization of the world. There have

been a few always who have launched a new thought that has startled mankind, and in almost every instance where a new thought has been launched upon an unbelieving world, this thought or truth has been rejected, and many new thoughts or truths have been crushed because of so much opposition, and it has required the combined forces of both moral and physical courage to restore these truths so that the human race could be brought closer together in the bonds of brotherhood and love, and to understand more perfectly God's great power and force.

There has always been and ever will be an agency through which the Great Master will operate and develop his truth, and these agencies whether they be men or women will have the full approval of all classes of society whose members are susceptible to truth, but they must be susceptible before society can effect a brotherhood that will be influential and strong. "Truth will prevail''is a fact so thoroughly demonstrated that there can be no

question about its coming to light sometime, even after it has been partly developed, and seemingly crushed, never again to rise, but after years of seeming oblivion it raises majestically to the pedestal

II BROTHERHOOD

where it belongs, and proclaims to the world its light, its power, and its strength. With each truth conies a manifestation of God's

splendid power, a new revelation, if yon please, to the civilizations of the world. How good and how splendid it is to be in the

presence of great men and women who possess qualities of truth, who are big in spirit, who are sonlinspiring, and whose very lives are the embodiments of truth. In different periods of the world's

history some splendid man or woman has been nsed in different vocations to unfold the revealed wisdom and truth, and it has required at times a force of character, moral and physical courage, and strong convictions to have mankind see and understand this wisdom, and the philosophy of these truths; each generation of

people have had its skeptical, perverse and unbelieving. These have

ever been ready to oppose any and everything that has had the stamp of divinity upon it, but thanks to God, on the other hand, there have always been a few possessing the courage to take up the right, and by concerted effort they have been able to bring about reforms that have added blessings to the race. The brotherhood of man in its full sense of meaning would revolutionize the

religious, the social, the political, and the business world, because it means the commencement of an individual reform, a family reform, and a community reformation. Individually it would mean

a full control of one's self, harmonizing with all the laws of betterment and the development of a perfect love and selfcontrol.

When an individual can control and bring himself under a proper condition of mind and soul, he can then handle and control others.

We may have good institutions of government in the land, but if the community, the family and the individual, disregard the principles of that government, its principles serve but little good in the establishment of peace and order. So, in commemorating this

festive season, we are brought face to face with this mighty problem of individual service, we are reminded of the star that indicated the pathway of the Three Wise Men, that led them to the place of the Christ Child. We see them wrapped in bonds of love and

brotherhood offering splendid and costly gifts as tokens of peace. This love and confidence—to Him who had come to bring

realization had been premeditated and thought out, it was the most wonderful thing that had ever come into their lives, they had seen the Christ, they had blessed him with their worship and costly gifts; they had opened their hearts to an unselfishness that

gave them courage, and the assurance of a perfect peace. Here is

the suggestion of the divine mission of the Holy One, what it means, and what it is doing. We know that gladness filled the Wise

Men's hearts. We know they gave their gifts as tokens of love,

but do we know what Christ did for the Wise Men, and the entire human race? Do we know that his advent connected the generations of men since the world began with the Gospel Chain of eter-

U IMPROVEMENT ERA

nal life? And do we know that his system provided for a perfect

life by means of an individual work? Peace and brotherhood was

his message; and brotherhood is peace, and is the result of individual service; and a service that brings into one's soul the feeling

of brotherhood is the peace that builds a perfect life, and when a perfect life operates, it infuses the lifegiving spark that forces into action every element of the tenderest feeling of love. Again, let

us repeat that this great life has supplied the civilizations together with all the Christian churches of the world with truths that have been the basis of social reform, religious movement, and peace standards. A very careful analysis of the condensed statement of Jesus Christ, "Love the Lord thy God with all thy soul,

mind and strength, and thy neighbor as thyself,"is ample for the conclusion that brotherhood is an individual work, and in arriving at his standard of peace, it can only be developed through the mind and soul of man.

The matter of right and wrong is and always has been understood by the individual. His attitude very often determines his

influence in the community. If the spirit of brotherhood is the

predominating force, it is because of an inward development of the soul. In other words, it is the perfecting of peace through the

application of high thought, and it must be understood that the principles that govern brotherhood are comprehended only as far as the precepts of the principles are exemplified in the life of the individual. Yes, the great message of the Christ was brotherhood,

it was a harmonization of the material and the spiritual. It was a

reaching out and up for the souls of men, it was a fellowship of

God, and indeed a brotherhood of man. Again, I say, what affects

the individual, affects also the family, the community and the nation. The individual that understands the law is he who has lived

the law, and can understand more thoroughly the message of the

Christ. We have referred to the pleasure of being in the presence

of great men and women. We will find in the majority of cases

that they have been influenced in their thoughts and actions by the

Great Master. I quote here a thought that came to my notice,

and which bears out the fact above stated, "The greatest thought ever spoken by human lips, the brightest gems of tongue or pen can beautify and enrich that garden of your soul, and through you shine in thousands of other lives, and fill the world with joy. The

great thing is not how can I get riches, nor how I can get health and happiness or fame or pleasure, nor even character and peace, but how can I give these things? Give to others health and character and hope and joy? Reflect the highest good to the greatest

number, help to redeem the world?"The question was asked a

year ago, "What would Christ do if he were to come again?"

Conditions in human life are almost the same in different periods of the world's historv. It is not that we have lost the uniform

BROTHERHOOD 13

standard of measurement forthings moral, but it is because we have neglected to apply the law that governs the standard of measurement for things moral. It is not that we have lost the conscience of the Nazarene, and the ethics he established, but it is

because of neglect in the development of that consciousness which could cause us to apply his ethics. Should he come again he

would undoubtedly bring with him the same feelings of brotherhood and peace. He would apply the force of his teachings

through his divine presence, and teach that to know brotherhood is an individual practice of the laws that govern it. He would

labor to have mankind understand how they could stand the test of the written law by applying the law. He would have us work

out more perfectly his condensed words so as to bring into our of whichlives a greater and more splendid truth—the development

would give us the assurance of eternal life, bring us to a point where the relationship of God and man could and would be understood. He would teach us to know God, in whose image we are

created. He would impress upon us that this life is one of love

inspired by the love of service; and because of this it would mean

the development of the mind and hand and heart. It would be

giving to society a full measure of service for value received. This,

of course, would mean an organization of our forces so that we could deal successfully with men, and be saviors to some one.

Using the words of Mr. Knox, then, "It would mean to be gen

erous, to give of our substance and ourselves, to make men better, to reach out and up and all about, towards the development of great souls and the redemption of men."His advent would mean

a universal peace, and a perfect brotherhood of man, a system of reform, if you please, that would tend to establish a perfect law.

the application of which would bring us back into the presence of

God, and crown us with eternal life and immortality.

LOGAN, UTAH

Poetry for the Way Up "When next you step out of the elevator, see how this fits the trip: "For a moment it has borne Roses, stars, and tin; slime

Youth and A.ge, Love and Crime, Of Baseness, all unseen,

Hearts "i"bli>s. hearts forlorn: Have packed it to the doors

I: lias taken toll of Time \s it streaked past the floorWith each potential i\wi\ With the prince and the pauper,

That the Fates have decreed: The shop girl and the queen.

"There are five more stanzas as William Rose Henet wrote it in tin'New York Evening Sun, but this one seems to have caught the eternal romance of a transient incident of ever) day. This is

what poetry can do for us once in a while."- Colliers.

The School Over the "Tater Hole"

THE FIRST OF A SERIES OF FOUR JED STORIES, EACH COMPLETE

IN ITSELF

L!V IDA STEWART PEAY

There never was a town that needed the Christmas Spirit as badly as did Blackgulch. What with Fanny Meyer's pessimism

she being-, yon might say, the most prominent female—and Jed

Ware's being in turn the most conspicuous male lawlessness—Jed—there was no one in town to lead out in creating and diffusing

the spirit of Christian charity. Criticism and backbiting were

Fanny's methods for uplifting the community; while Jed's hand

was against everybody for pure devilment. This year an added

damper was put on the Christmas spirit and the festivities as well, because the school teacher, who usually carried on the holiday exercises, had been ignominiously put into the "tater hole."It

lacked a week of the great day, when the misused pedagogue had shaken the dust of the village from his feet and left, as he excusably termed it, for civilization.

Not much hope was placed in what a new teacher could do in so short a time. One had been secured, however, and she was

now resting in her room while Fanny Meyer, the town's only boardinghouse keeper, wras cooking the supper. Fanny, tall, spare,

sharpfeatured and altogether uncompromising, threw the white cloth over the table with a swish of displeasure.

"I tell you, Pa, you've made a mess of it again. Imagine

hirin'a mere wafer to handle that unruly gang!"Mrs. Meyer

was not a woman of few words, but she stopped now to look her full disgust at the offending "trustee."Sidney Meyer, silentfaced and secretive, smiled a quiet little smile as he mumbled

defensively, "I thought 'a change was as good as a rest.'Anyhow don't you think you're rushing matters to be formin'an

opinion 'fore you've had a square look at her?"

"Ho!"scornfully, "I'm not like you men, I don't have to

know anybody forever to get an idea of their character. I know

this girl ain't got no force, and I knew what kind of a jellyfish that last teacher was the minute I laid eyes on him."

"Wrouldn't wonder if your expressing that judgment so free hadn't something to do with getting him in the 'tater hole.'"mused

Sidney. "Pooh!"denied Fanny, "lack of back bone put him there, and

THE SCIlooi. OVER THE "TATER HOLE"15

—perhaps Jed Ware's reckless deviltry. Now Jed will have a

free hand for sure, and he'll go to the bad post haste, and hcin'a natural leader he'll take the risin'generation of the whole gulch with him, fool girls and all, for they're soft over him already, young as he is, and spite of his meanness. I was in hopes after

this last experience you'd have gumption enough to find a two hundred pounder who could take them ruffins three at a time and chuck 'em out of the door. I don't expect this little colorless

wiffet to last over night, let alone till Christmas."

Almost before the words were out of Fanny's mouth, the door opened softly and the new teacher entered. Meyer and his wife

exchanged glances, fearful that Fanny had been overheard, but the young lady's beaming countenance reassured them. Fanny

looked a trifle less stern, set out an easy chair, and bade Miss

Bleeson "make herself to home."The new schoolmistress did

her bidding at once, and with charming grace. She warmed

her pretty hands before the blaze in the wide fireplace and rocked easily back and forth in the old cushioned rocker. She praised

Fanny's biscuits and applepie, at supper, and talked entertainingly of her trip over the mountains. It is not a joy ride in winter, but she related many funny experiences, and made favorable

for Blackcomments about everything—even having a good word

gulch, the nightmare of all that weird region. After supper she

helped Fanny with the dishes, and later in the rosy glow of the crackling flames she had the old "trustee"and his wife leaning forward in their chairs listening, with lightened faces, to her happy chatter, and airing, with relish, their own ancient adventures. Sidney began to smile a quiet little smile of satisfaction,

while Fanny was forgetting her habitual animosity. Suddenly her

role returned to her consciousness with overwhelming responsibility.

"J suppose you don't know why we had to have a new teacher in the middle of the winter, do you?"she broke in upon the

pleasantry.

"Why, no, T don't believe T do,"owned Miss Bleeson, sweetly.

"Well,"flounced Fanny, coming completely to herself, "the last teacher we had was put in the 'tater hole'by unruly scholars."

Old Sidney began to hem and haw painfully.

"The 'tater hole'!"cried Miss Bleeson in utter amazement.

"O, I'm afraid you don't sense what kind of a job you've come up against,"lamented Fanny, shaking her head gravely.

"Perhaps not."admitted the young lady,—and it was evidentshe was a very young lady indeed—"but what about the 'tater

hole'! whatever do you mean?"

"The 'tater hole,'"declared the towns woman firmly, though old Sidney's cough was growing desperate, "is the cellar under the 16 I.M PROVEMENT ERA

school house. There's a trap door to it and the teachers that the

scholars don't like are put down there."

Miss Bleeson shivered appropriately. "Are there toads down

there?"she asked comically.

"I don't know, perhaps you'll find out—for yourself,"Fanny

jested severely, with an unpleasant grin. Old Sidney doubled up

his fists, unconsciously, while an amused smile curved the rosy month of the new teacher.

"I don't think we'll need worry,"she murmured, glancing reassuringly at Sidney's clenched hands.

"We'll see!"warned Mrs. Meyer, but Miss Bleeson's smile

broadened into a little laugh as she marveled, "A 'tater hole!'Well, I never! That is certainly something

new. Why, who put him there?"she looked up enquiringly at

Fanny. "Jed Ware,"snapped her informant, "and I tell you, Jed is some fighter and smartelic; he's a bad, bad boy, you can bet. Him

and Abe Black and Hebe Carter make it mighty hot for our teachers."Then, remaining deaf and blind to old Sidney's loud

coughs and winks of disapproval, she related many harrowing tales about these boys and former teachers. When she ended,

Miss Bleeson really looked quite impressed and sober—especially

retiring, she gavesince Sidney's antics had ceased—and, before

Fanny the satisfaction of hearing her say solemnly, "I know I "shall dream of 'Jed'and the 'tater hole!'

Next morning the "trustee's"wife watched Miss Bleeson start out blithely for the school over the "tater hole."With sorry

misgivings she called to her from the door, "Now, be strict, just let them know from the first minute that you're boss."

Nodding a laughing acquiescence the new school "marm"tripped merrily on. The town rowdies, including Jed, Hebe and

Abe, were at school early and watched from the windows the young lady approach.

"She's just a kid,"sneered Hebe, "not a day more'n seventeen."

"What shall we do to be receivin'her proper? We might

have the trap door raised invitin'like,"suggested Abe.

"O, let her get in,"decided Jed. "Soon's she's here we'll

think of somethin'; teachers alius sets me to thinkin'."

"'Course that's what they're fur,"blurted Hebe snickering at his own cleverness. The big girls joined the boys at the window, exchanged glances with Jed whenever possible and let him

know they would applaud anything he thought worth starting.

Only the youngest pupils were in their places when Miss Bleeson entered. She fluttered in like the mountain zephyr old Sidney

thought of, and the school was as still as an empty church while she removed her heavy furs, uncovered her fluffy yellow hair and

THE SCHCN )I. i >VI-.U THE "TATER IK >LE"17

smiled, both with her blue eyes and rosy mouth, a kindly smile of greeting. From the first moment of her entrance she had the

attention of the school as completely as if she were the leading lady in a gripping melodrama. For the matter of that, she was

something of an actress and her simple but smart, tasty costume was as wonderful to Blackgulch as a Paris creation would be to an upto-date town.

After getting the school work under way, that is, partly, the new mistress had a getacquainted hour. With her pretty, informal manners she shook hands with everybody, learned their

names and made them talk to her. When she approached Jed

Ware, and a faint odor of wild roses reached the big daredevil, he was as frightened as a girl in the dark. At first he dropped

his eyes and mumbled his answers, but Miss Bleeson soon put him at his ease. Before he realized what he was doing he had

lifted his head high as he usually carried it, flung back his great shock of black hair with a characteristic movement, returned her straight look with his deep, unfathomable eyes, and had even burst out into his hearty infectious laugh. He began to feel so pleasant

and contented that a shadow fell over him when she passed on to

Hebe and Abe. Indeed, for the rest of the day, Miss Bleeson

could scarcely raise her eyes without encountering Jed's tense, eager, wondering gaze.

During that first day one very small boy in the baby class got the courage to voice the anxiety of all the little folks in the gulch.

"Teacher/'he said timidly, "aint they goin'to be no Christmas this year? Ma says they aint cause—"there was a slight

shuffle of feet, the faces of the rowdies began to burn, then one of the big girls pulled the little wouldbe tale bearer roughly back into his seat. Miss Bleeson immediately came to the rescue.

"Why, we're going to have the finest Christmas celebration this year you ever heard tell of,"she promised enthusiastically.

"We're goin'to have a program, and every one in school has to dull eyes began to brighten—"we'll have a greattake part"—some

is, if some of these young men will bebig Christmas tree—thatso kind,—"here she glanced enquiringly at the rascals of "tater

hole"fame.

"You can count on me,"responded the notorious Jed, eagerlv.

"An'me."added Abe.

"Me too,"echoed Hebe grinning.

"Oh. thank you all."smiled Miss Bleeson, "and tomorrow

I'll bring sugar and we'll make some choice candies right here

T know how to make the best in the land..m this old. big stove—

I have a little material, too. that we can use t<> make Christmas

:hags, and we can prepare a little surprise for every one in town

then we'll end our fun with a jolly dance. Won't that be fine?"

She began to clap her hands, and the school joined in with a 18 l.\l PRI > VI, mi; \T l-.k \

hearty applause. At this point she told some wonderful stories

about the Christ love and the happiness that came with the Christmas spirit. Soon every heart in the room awoke to a new feeling,

and a new hope. At the close of school she said a simple prayer

in behalf of her new friends. Its sincere appeal touched uncouth

Jed, he dropped his eyes while a thrill of reverence passed through him for the first time in his life.

When Jed and Hebe and Abe were outside starting for home,

Hebe heaved a sigh indicative of all their feelings.

"She r'minds me of—of—angels,"he blurted out with his

foolish grin.

"She r'minds me of—of—well, fairies, I guess,"ruminated

Abe.

Then Jed took up the thread of their thought, musing dreamily, "She r'minds me of—of—mountain breezes, an'singin'birds,

an'laughin'brooks, an'wild flowers, an'blue skies, an'summer time way off in some lovely spot where I—"he broke off abruptly

coloring, but his friends were thinking their own thoughts.

"Well, I hain't got no heart fur deviltry,"grumbled Hebe.

"Couldn't put that little sweetie in the 'tater hole',"mourned

Abe. "Oh, you—"Jed threw his pals a look of withering scorn,

"you blubbering rats,"he growled, adding fiercely, "we're all a set of crazy ignorant, blasted fools. I'm clean 'shamed of mvself.

I'm goin'to clear out: that girl, nor you fellers nor anybody in

T.lackgulqh will ever see me again."

"You're just like me, only different,"said Abe dryly, "I know

I'm a dunce, but all the kings'horses and all the kings'men can't get me away from Blackgulch now. I ain't 'shamed to show my

hand unconditional."

"Sumpthin'similar here,"snickered Hebe. "She's a gal I'd

like to hang 'round."

"Oh, you raw, infernal sapheads! led's disYou—you—"gust was too deep for words. "I'm hittin'the trail, adios,"he

spoke angrily and swung blindly and rapidly away. As the big

fellow hurried along he became more and more determined to carry out his wild impulse to flee. To his newly awakened consciousness it seemed a sensible purpose. But being so full of new

thoughts and new strivings, he failed to give his"entire mind to what he was doing; that is why, perhaps, his wretched plan ended

in disaster before noon the following day.

Meanwhile Miss Bleeson returned to her boarding place to give Fanny Meyer the surprise of her life.

"Oh. it's the dearest school."she chatted to the Meyers that

evening, as she wanned her white hands before the cozy fire. "I

just love everyone of them already. The school's so small it's

like a family circle in a big. oldfashioned living room, and I've the

19 l IVER THE "TATER ll> >LE"THE SCH< M iL

sweetest little crowd in the lower classes. Tonight, when school

was out, one tiny tot stole up to my desk and, smoothing my hand, whispered, 'You're the goodest the goodest teacher—you're I just picked her up and!'It touched me soteacher ever wuz

kissed her. Then all the little ones cdal up hungry and wistful

yed, and I hugged them all."

Fanny could hardly believe her ears hut she wanted to know at once whether or not led was present.

"Jed. let me see,"Miss I'.leeson reflected, "he's the great big

fellow with jet black hair, midnight eye-, and handsome, strong, brown face?"

Fanny would not have descrihed Jed that way, hut she nodded. bewildered over his les- "Oh. he was lovely to me—awfully

sons, but'he'll come out all right. If he'll put his mind to books

—and I know he will—he's going to make an unusually bright

man. He's had a hard, rough life I imagine."

"Maybe,"grunted Fanny, "but folks living around him have had a harder one."

"Very likely,"owned the teacher, "but I judge the worst side of his character has been developed.

"There's no doubt of that,"sneered Mrs. Meyer.

"Anyway, from the first impressions. I think there's the making of 'a man among men'in Jed Ware."

"If he doesn't turn out a devil among devils,"scoffed the town critic., s at the cross- "It's just possible,"admitted Amy Bleeson, he roads now."

! Next Little did she dream of the exactness of her prediction

lay. when she returned home from school, Fanny Meyer was exultant. The old "trustee"seemed preoccupied and sober.

"Well Ted was at the crossroads, all right, but he never turned out of the course he's been headed for."Fanny triumphed.

I always said Jed ud "I'm a pretty good judge of character, and ro to the dogs."

"What's the matter?"Miss Bleeson begged to he told at once,

as Ted had not been at school.

"No. T 'low he couldn't gel there, lie's in jail!"Fanny disclosed with evident relish.

'in jail!"cried Miss Bleeson aghast.

'Yes and it's not the first time Jed's been arrested."the

townswoman narrated, "hut before it has been for harmless rowThe talk about town is that he took dyism this time it's serious.

it'into his head to run aw;i\ land only knows what for so, not

>-, r -i U "a horse of his own, nor a second shirt to Ins hack, for that matter he borrowed a horse of old Bates, without his leave, and 20 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lit out. Of course, he got caught. Now, if Bates prosecutes he

will land in prison and 'twill serve him right."

"Oh, dreadful, dreadful!"mourned the new teacher, shaking

her head sorrowfully. "Such a young boy—the making of such

is this Bates?"she askeda fine, strong man! But—a—who

quickly, a look of determination coming into her eyes.

"An old man Jed's been working for and boarding with,"put in Sidney thoughtfully. "He lives up at the end of this street."

The teacher had only just removed her furs and wraps but she put them on again instantly and explaining that she had a little duty to perform, hurriedly left the house. Rushing along to the

end of the street, she found the log house of old Bunker Bates, and after a long interview with the hardfaced old man, secured a promise from him which relieved her considerably, then she went to see Jed. The poor boy was taken entirely unawares. He was

sitting before an old, rough table, his head bowed over one arm.

At the sound made by the entrance of the teacher, he slowly raised his head. Alas, this was something upon which he had not reckoned! Instantly shame and confusion dyed his face a dull red,

horror filled the depths of his midnight eyes; he sat as if petrified.

Miss Bleeson put out her hand. "I'm sorry to find you in

trouble, Jed,"she said ever so kindly. "Tell me about it."Jed

managed to take the proffered hand awkwardly: it brought on the

fright he had felt when she approached him at school; he trembled

violently. "Tell me, Jed,"urged the visitor softly, and he felt a slight

speak a word, he just hid hispressure"Oh—I—I—"from her smallbut Jedfingers.could not

face in his arm on the table and cried like a child. The schoolmistress, that loved everybody, was so touched to witness the big

fellow's misery, that she put her arm around his shoulder like he was only a little boy, and cried with him. That was the first

caress, homeless, motherless, sisterless Jed had ever received, and though he understood its gentle, sympathetic intent, it thrilled him to his finger tips. In that moment it seemed he grew into a man.

Miss Bleeson sat down beside him and talked encouragingly.

She told him she knew it was lack of friends and loving direction that had brought him to this place. She expressed her faith in his

future, and suggested ways by which he could secure an education.

Jed's eyes never left her face as she talked. He watched the warm

color come and go under her soft, transparent skin; he noted evencurve of the rosy mouth, the droop of the eyelids, and the rich

gold of the hair that waved back from her fair forehead; he drank

in every word that she uttered, even realizing the refinement of her hnguage. Suddenly the distance between himself and this lovely

-irl seemed so great he sighed audibly.

< I IK IK )l I i"2\ THE St IK )( )l. IVER THE "T \

"What's the matter?"asked Miss Bleeson gently.

"( thinkin'."said Jed startled into reveal- )li—T—was just

inhis thoughts, "I—I—was just wondering if—a—do you think

H a feller went to school and studied night and day for a few like you?"years—do you think he could associate with—a—people

"led."she answered earnestly, "if you'll make a new start

and work as hard as I think you can, and if you'll keep as clean as you are now, you will he far ahead of many boys I know."

"Oh, if you'll only show me the trail, I'll foller it, if T wade through thorns to my chin,"cried the young man his face alight.

"I hadn't never done any real wrong till now. When you come,

I just saw what I stand to see you again and was—I—couldn't

to I thought I'd clearnow that I—that I—well, anyway, out—go

the devil and nobody 'ud care."

"Well, you see, somebody cared, Jed,"smiled Miss Bleeson.

"1 cared, and you must come back to school.""I can't now, I—"began Jed with a frightened, dismayed

look seeming for the first time to really sense his position.

"I have, practically, obtained your release,"interrupted the girl. "You will be out of here in time for the Christmas festivities,

you must come and get the Christmas spirit, and keep it all the rest of your lfe."

his "Oh, how—oh, you are too good,"breathed Jed, looking

gratitude and nnworthiness.

"Not if you come up to my expectations,"the teacher assured him. She rose to go. Jed took her hand again, tremblingly, reverently,

"Thank you, I'll make good or die tryin'"he promised solemnly.

There never was anything in Blackgulch equal to the Christmas celebration given by Miss Bleeson. Everybody came out

there was a fine program, a Christmas tree and a dance. It was

not so much what was going on, though that was far more entertaining than usual, it was the spirit of kindness prevailing that made the evening memorable. There was no mistaking the genuine love and good will in the little teacher's graciousness; the

people recognized it, and returned it full measure. Besides, they

began to 'love one another,'thus the Christmas spirit swelled in every breast in Blackgulch. Even Fanny Meyer made an admission.

"Say. Pa,"she whispered during the dance, "I guess you did

alright when vou hired the little wafer. I reckon she's doing

more to tame Blackgulch than a half a dozen twohundred-poundall though—I never wouldcrs could have done with force—beats

have believed it."

Miss Blesson was the life of the affair, to be sure. After the

program she flitted around among the people, wishing everybody a

IM PR( >VEM I- XI ER \

Merry Christmas. She danced with the big boys, the little boys,

the "trustees,"and.k<l. Yes, Jed was there, holding his head

high and making the fun as he always did, but the observing ones noticed the strange, subtle humility that marked a change in him.

There were sonic whisperings at first, hut it was soon evident Miss

Bleeson had so completely forgiven him that she would never think of it again, so they followed her lead. When the party came to an

end. Hebe and Abe and fed were hovering around the schoolmistress each anxious to "see her home."Miss Bleeson laughingly

declared herself to be in somewhat of a predicament. Old Sidney

happening along, suggested, with his quiet smile, that the boys draw lots for her company. They playfully agreed, and Sidney

was chosen to prepare the cuts, which he did while the crowd lingered near making merry. Grinning Hebe drew first, then

outspoken Abe took a turn, but Fate had reserved the winning cut for Jed Ware. So Jed and Amy Bleeson started out together,

Hebe and Abe goodnaturedly helping them down the first gully.

When Jed was taking leave of the teacher at Fanny's door, he looked down at her, his eyes were very dark and deep and tense, "Do you think,"he asked hesitatingly, "do you believe that when I have studied hard and been away to school that I will be girl like you?"fit company for—for—a

Miss Bleeson laughed, "O, you big Jed!"she murmured, but

there was a little catch in her voice, her eyes were very soft and moist, she held out both her hands. Jed took them for one brief

moment. * "Do you know who will be the next teacher over the 'tater hole'?"he said.

"Yes,"answered Miss Bleeson. "Jed Ware."

How Success Comes

The man who sticks has this lesson learned

Success doesn't come by chance—it's earned

By pounding away: for good hard knocks

Will make stepping stones of the stumbling blocks.

The man who quits has a brain and hand

As good as the next; but he lacks the sand

That would make him stick, with a courage stout,

To whatever he tackles, and fight it out.

—Selected.

Male Female MALLARD DUCK

Outlines for Scout Workers

BY DELBERT \V. PARRATT. A. M.

THE MALLARD DUCK

"No duck is bad when appetite waits on digestion."Shakespeare.

i. r>y what other two names is the mallard known?

2. Wild ducks are generally divided into three classes. What are

they and why so called? To which class does the mallard belong?

3. Note size, shape, and color of the mallard. Contrast size and

color of male and female and explain why these differences.

4. Contrast shape of mallard's body with that of hen. Which

is boatshaped? Give two reasons for this.

5. Note difference in feet of duck and chicken. Why this difference? Also difference in legs. Why this?

6. Contrast the duck's bill with that of the chicken, in shape,

size, and "teeth."Why these differences? Of what use are the teeth?"

7. On what does the mallard subsist, and how is it adapted to

procure its food? When does it feed? Why then?

8. Of what is its nest made? Where built? Why there? Does it

nest in our valley? If so, in what part?

9. About how many eggs to the setting? Of what color and

size are they? What are the principal enemies of the eggs and how

are the enemies warded off?

I EF \24 IMPRl >Vl MEN

10. The mallard is a swift, tireless flyer. What i- there about

his bodj to indicate this? Under what condition does he fly high?

Why? Fly low? Win What is the best weather for duck hunt

Whs 11. The duck nils itself. How and why?

12. The tame duck comes from the mallard. In what interesting

particular are they alike even today?

13. What is meant hy the duck malady, and what is being done

t"help the duck in this connection?

14. Should we protect the wild ducks'Why? Mow is this being

tl< net What is mean! l>y the duck season?

BANDY MATERIAL

"1 have given yon roe and reindeer,

I have given you brant and beaver, 1 tiled the marshes full of wildfowl,

Pilled the river full of fishes."—Longfellow.

Ducks are divided into three classes—sea ducks, river ducks,

and fish ducks. There are about one hundred species of sea

ducks. They are found in large flocks, in open places, on large

lakes, bays, etc. They do not, as a rule, "tip up"when feeding,

but dive deep for their food, which consists mainly of animal matter, but not including fish. These ducks have the hind toe bordered

with a rounded membrane or lobelike web. They are generally

day feeders. With the exception of the canvasback, sea ducks

are not good for food.

The river clucks (fifty species) include most of our river and pond ducks. They do nut dive for their food, only "tip up."

They feed in shallow places on animal and vegetable matter, such as roots, seeds, snails, and insects. The hind toe has no lobe.

The fish ducks are narrow billed. They have lobed toe, and

dive for food which consists mostly of fish. There are only three

species in North America, none of which is good for food.

The mallard, also known as Wild Duck and Greenhead, is one of the river clucks. It is twentythree inches long and has a

brilliantly colored head, chestnut breast, with white ring around lower part of neck. The belly and sides are nearly white, barred

with fine, wavy lines of black and white. The back is brown with

some black. The female is mottle, buffy, and brownish black.

The male is larger and brighter in color, larger to protect the female, and brighter in color to attract the female in mating season.

Indeed the differences between male and female in color and size are so pronounced that one, not acquainted with the birds, would scarcely take them to belong to the same family group. The

strong characteristics of the male have given the name by which both he and the female are known. The word, mallard, comes

from tualc and ard, male referring to the sex and arcl to the degree of the sex. The mallard, therefore, is a male with strong sex

OUTLINES Mik SCO! I WORKERS 25

qualities. The suffix ard, as here used, has the same significance

as in coward, drunkard, and of abundance or excess. laggard—that

Mallards mate much earlier than do any of the other birds thus far studied. Their season for pairing is during the late

autumn and winter months. Since the showy colors and markings of the male are primarily to attract the female, it follows the

striking features of the male are most pronounced at this time.

Tn fact, during the summer months his coloring is nigh on as somber as that of the female and in this regard, from laying season to late fall, the two can scarcely be told apart. This dull,

graybrown, sombre coloring so blends with the mallard's natural surroundings that it affords a most excellent protection. By

squatting among reeds and grasses and remaining perfectly still, the cluck is scarcely observed by searching enemies. Of course,

to the nesting female this nonattractive color is of special value in this regard.

The mallard's body, being boat shaped, is adapted for swift flying as well as floating.

The large breast muscles indicate a strong flyer. On clear

days it flies very high, while on cloudy days it flies low. Hunters

take advantage of this fact in hunting ducks.

The nest is built of grass, leaves, and down from the duck's breast. It is built along the banks of streams, and often on an

isolated island in midstream. The mallard lays from six to

twelve eggs of light blue or greenish gray, in size about that of a small hen's e. Whenever the sitting duck leaves her nest

she is particular in seeing that all the eggs are completely covered with the down of which the nest is so abundantly provided.

The duck has an oil gland located on its back near the tail, from which it gets oil to moisten its feathers.

Our domestic duck was originally a mallard. They both,

even now, have the same call for their young.

Our wild ducks, of late years, have been troubled with a serious malady, from which many have died. The game commissioner has been investigating this trouble, but has been unable

to find its cause. It is thought that the disease may have been

caused by the emptying of the sewerage into Jordan River.

Section twentyfive of the fish and game law of our state provides for the protection of our wild ducks and specifies the season for hunting them. The section reads as follows:

Sec. 25. Ducks, Geese. Etc. Tt shall be unlawful for any person

to take, kill, wound, sliont at or have in his possession or to rob or destroy any nest, egg, or young of, any wild duck. goose, or snipe

This provision shall not prohibit the killing of not more than twelve geese or twentyfive of all the birds mentioned in this Section, in any one day, during the season allowed therefor, which shall commence on the first day of October of each year and close on the

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thirtyfirst day of December following, in all counties of the State, except that the season shall close on the fifteenth day of March in

Washington, Kane, San Juan, Grand and Uintah Counties. In Sanpete, Beaver, Emery, Garfield, Wasatch, Iron, Millard and Juab

Counties there shall be a further open season each year which shall begin on the fifteenth day of Februaryand close on the fifteenth day of March following. In Salt Lake, Davis, Weber, Box Elder, Utah

and Cache Counties there shall be a further open season during the year nineteen hundred thirteen, only, which shall commence on the fifteenth day of February and close on the fifteenth day of March. But it shall be uillawful to take, kill, wound or

shoot any of said birds between six fortyfive o'clock, p. m.,

and sixthirty o'clock a. m., the day following, during September

or October; or between six o'clock p. m., and six fortyfive o'clock

a. m., on the day following, in November; or between five thirtyfive

o'clock p. m., and seven o'clock a. m., on the day following in December; or between six fortyfive o'clock, p. m. and sixthirty o'clock

a. m., on the day following, during all other portions of the open

season. Every person who shall violate any of the provisions of this

section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and failure by the party in possession to give satisfactory explanation shall be deemed prima facie evidence of guilt.

References: Apgar's Birds of the United States; Students'

Reference Work, Vol. IT; Juvenile Instructor, October, 1914.

Governor Blease on Smoking

In a late address before the State Legislature, and recommending that a law be passed to prohibit smoking in dining halls and restaurants where women are present, Governor Blease of

South Carolina is reported to have said

"Those of you who are as old as I am will recall the time in South

Carolina when if a gentleman smoked a pipe or cigar while walking along on the street by the side of a lady, he was not regarded as well reared, and such a thing as smoking while riding in a buggy with a young lady would not have been tolerated. But today we have not

only seen these things, but we have gone.a great deal further, and

too far. I regret exceedingly to know that people in South Carolina

(1 will not say gentlemen, nor will I say true men) sit in our public dining rooms, restaurants and cafes and smoke cigars and foul little cigarettes, and whiff and puff and blow the smoke out through their nostrils, and this smoke is carried either by the natural breezes or the current of an electric fan into the eyes, mouths and nostrils of refined women. "It makes me ashamed of my state. Tf I were in one of those

places with a lady and should sec a man light a cigarette or cigar I would quietly ask him please not to smoke."

This applies to Utah and Tdaho as well.

Free and Useful Education

BY E. G. PETERSON, DIRECTOR EXTENSION DIVISION, UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

[This article is appropriate at this time of the year, when college and other school work has just hegun. The author maintains that

"this is the time for all to scrutinize closely those human institutions which have been so long in the making, and which the great war, with its attendant reorganization, and our general tendency, toward radical, if not reckless readjustment, may seriously jeopardize. The

public school system of America is of such power for good that only the most careful consideration would justify us in radically modifying or readjusting it. The end should be carefully considered from the

beginning, before any such action is taken."-Editors.]

The public school system of America may well be called the most powerful institution in the commonwealth, because the main business of a democracy is education. The public schools have

again begun the year's work without visible celebration. To be

sure the event is an important one in the excited minds of the youth, even at college age, who have failed yet fully to grasp the tremendous necessity of mental training under especially modern conditions of business enterprise. Yet the people in general have

come to accept the yearly opening of our colleges, high schools and grades, as a matter of fact and, possibly, as the years pass, to ascribe less and less significance to the event.

The public school system of America now includes three great units: the grammar grades, the high schools and the colleges.

As a powerful supplement to these there exist, in the richer centers, various privately endowed institutions which have come to exercise an enormous influence in the fields which are not so immediately practical as those covered by the public school system.

The rich, endowed institutions are coming to be the largest contributors in pure science and in the standardizing of our learning.

They are not impelled by a practical minded constituency to orient their work with respect to immediate needs; they thus fill an

important place in American education, which would without them tend to become too immediately concerned with only the problems at hand. Another large group of institutions are those of an ecclesiastical nature, where are trained the religious leaders in the

various denominations. These institutions are frequently most

powerful agencies, as in our own state, in the carrying forward of educational ideals. Both the endowed institutions and the church

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

schools may be elementary, intermediate or advanced, or a combination of these.

It should be, and probably is, a prime consideration, with

Americans, to husband and jealously guard their public schools.

The blessing - of free education has not come in a day; it has

taken many thousands of years to develop to its present state of sympathetic connection with the needs of the people. Since the

day when all learning was confined within the walls of monasteries, and similar carefully guarded sanctuaries, countless brave and hardworking men and women have toiled and suffered to produce our present standards and ideals. Consider, in America, the wonderful potentiality of the system. A very large percentage of the

youth of America attend the grammar schools. Here, where the

soul of our democracy resides, the young are taught idealism

They drink, without restraint, of the fine traditions of mankind and hear of the noble deeds of history. They feel, under the most

perfect conditions of freedom and lack of prejudice, probably vaguely btit nevertheless indelibly, the breath of civilization. As

they go higher they see the fine thread which connects all the world and all time in a pathetic and wonderful story of conquest against evil. They read the noblest that has been written; they

begin to dream great dreams; their souls charge valiantly the

great summits of the unknown; they feel keenly the drama of life

and they wish ardently to play a noble part

To be sure this idealism and nobility of thought which the school gives them, if it gives them anything, must be adjusted in high school and college, if the young man or woman goes on, or in practical life if he enters the work of the world immediately, as ninetyfive of every hundred do. The growing mind sees the

necessity of common work and must somehow fit himself into the world as it is. He therefore must begin to plan in a very ordinary

and matterof-fact way for his job in a world of men who work long hours and care most for what he is able to do to increase the output. But he does not forget the idealism of his early days,

he thinks of it as he goes from work, he confides it to those he holds most high in his mind. Even the seemingly hardsouled

man who rules the factory or farm, or business house or other human institution where he works, when the day is done, dreams again of his ideals, of a world as it should be, not as it is. What

a freshening of the spirit; what a bulwark is this to a nation or

state in time of stress that their citizens are dreamers, after working hours!

Bless the public school and the tiny souls who teach the nation its A B C's and its three R's, and say first the wonderful things about truth, virtue, honor, patriotism, sacrifice and reverence.

We are free men and women, but we should realize that such institutions as our elementary schools, high schools and colleges

FREE AND USEFUL EDI CATION 29

are sacred in that the blood and thought of men over countless ages have been given that we may be so blessed. We should guard

them carefully, always insisting that they live up to the faith which we give to them. They must not falter in their teaching

of truth, they must not become the home of henchmen; snobbery

of mind or social disposition must never again find place in them.

They must live close to the people, feeding the souls of the men and women, who come and go, with the finest thought of the race.

They must not look down upon those about them; they must live

the life and breathe the aspiration of the men and women who toil. They must not talk of classes and think that one is greater

than another, except by his service to others. While they should

teach men and women to dream by showing them what the world's best children have done, they should prepare them for productive occupation. They should make them creative citizens, primarily

men and women who become skilled instruments in the production of food, the manufacture of food and machines, the adjusters and administrators of business enterprise, reclaimers of waste places, and women trained in the nurturing of families. All this is the

privilege of the school. And to the teacher is given the great

privilege of awakening to new life great mentalities, nurtured by clean and powerful blood strains, which the injustice of the ages has held down in ignorance and sometimes unwholesomeness.

While our schools and colleges have become free so that all may enter, they must become practical so that all will wish to enter. They teach now the common, fundamental things and are

developing a new type of citizen who thinks less of the frills of our civilization and more of the few simple, underlying things which make civilization possible. In the new civilization there are

the housewife. Fortwo figures which loom large—the farmer and

gotten through all the ages these two figures have come down the least defiled, the guardians always of purity, the defenders always of righteousness. They have come to a place of great honor.

Today we have crowned them with the crown of our most sacred consideration. They comprise the majority of our citizenship, they

build our churches and schools. Cities are possible only because

they feed from them.

Is the time not ripe when the best which our civilization affords should be laid at their feet? Should we not rather hasten

to shape our schools and our colleges to their needs? Let us no

longer falsely decorate our lives with things that do not count in the last analysis. Let us openly and in straightforwardness

build our civilization upon the soil.

LOGAN. UTAH

Man Sent of God

ii

BY NEWEL K. YOUNG

"God's plan is an eternal plan. What is inwrought there abides. Nothing conceivable can give such abiding worth to a man's life as that he

should have identified his aims with the eternal purposes of God."Henry

Churchill King.

In a former paper we have shown that the feeling and conviction that one is sent into the world of God is an abiding source of inspiration and strength throughout life. We saw, too, that

while it is instinctive, we have had revealed to us through our modern prophet that we are so sent. We noticed, briefly, the

effects of this feeling and conviction on the lives of Jesus, the

Prophet Joseph, and our two greatest national heroes in American history. Then we gave the testimony of the great modern scholars,

a college president, and sought the witness of our own souls; we

found this feeling to be universal also.

We purpose now to cite other examples, to find the basis or ground work of this instinct or feeling; and to call attention to the

opportunity and responsibility of those who are charged with the training of the young to cultivate this feeling until it blooms into the fruitful flower of an eternal conviction.

We will find it both interesting and instructive to review the lives of the following men, to see the suggestive witness of how great a part the belief that they were sent into the world by God to do each his own work has played in the making of their lives.

Nephi, Samuel, King David, Moroni (both of them), Daniel,

Livingston, Jacob Riis, Henry Churchill King, President Joseph

F. Smith, and Elder Heber J. Grant. Each reader may add to

the list a host of others.

Nor will it be less interesting to trace the effects of this feeling in our own lives.

The revelation that man is sent into the world to do the

Father's business is grounded or rooted in the great basic, fundamental truth of the literal Fatherhood of God and the common sonship of man, culminating in the brotherhood of Christ. From

this doctrine of the common Fatherhood of God spring all the "mighty hopes that make us men."This great truth, that man is

MAN SENT OF GOD 31

God's offspring, his child, charges life with meaning and rich worth now and here, and secures in certainty his future, after death.

This is well understood by those of us who accept as the sure word of God the Holy scriptures, but for those who in the too common spirit of the day question our purely religious sources, I will give the witness of some of the scholars of our own time, at just this point.

Dr. Gordon says, "Life is a great trainingschool of which

the earth is only the primary department. Christ is the first fruits,

the example, after which little by little our Father is patterning all his children."

While Prof. Wm. Adams Brown speaks thus, "It was because

he [Jesus] realized as no one before him had ever realized, what divine Fatherhood might mean for a human life, and because he entered so completely into the experience of sonship. It was, in

a word, because he showed us once and for all what man at his best may be, and so made belief in his ultimate destruction for ever impossible. *:|::;: He gives such dignity to human

nature that its endless continuance seems natural and worthy.

He discloses to us all capacities within ourselves which justify our instinctive hope; and the new experience of sonship into which

he leads, gives us the pledge of endless life in the Father's house."

The witness of President Henry Churchill King that I wish to give reads thus, "Nothing can give such meaning to life as to know that one has a part, a real part, his own unique part, the part of a son of God, to play in life, that he has his own individual flavor that no other soul can exactly reproduce. He has the joy

of a divine calling, of a divinely given individuality, and the joy of giving this in those personal relations in which he is placed."

My own testimony is that no other thought or conviction has given me such joy and comfort and inspiration as the assurance that God is my Father. It has enriched and glorified life for me,

even in the midst of pain, and poverty and sorrow. It enlarges

and enriches every relation of life, and makes holy and enduring all the loves and affections of the heart.

I have watched the effects of the faith that God is our Father, on the lives of scores of our young people from the very time that it first entered their hearts, and have noted their growth in beauty and strength and Godliness under its influence.

If God is our Father, then he has called us to do his work and when we make the dominant motive of our lives the doing of "Father's will,"it is no abject submission, no giving up of life, but is rather the glorious sharing of a joyful partnership of son rich, enduring,and Father, and leads one into the fulness of life—

eternal life.

In noting the influence upon the Savior's life of the belief

32 I M PRi >VI-.M ENT EF \

that he was sent to do his Father's business, we should call attenrich,tion to the part his mother played during his boyhood—the

awful, critical years of youth. "His mother kept all these sayings in her heart."All the sayings that told of the mission of

her boy, that pointed to him as a Child of promise, were treasured in her heart. Ah! can we not in memory and appreciation of our

own mothers'part in the making of our manhood, get some insight here into the part played by this the greatest of all women, divinely chosen to bear and rear the Son of God, in the nurture and making of this Man who became our Christ?

I believe this humble, pure, loving woman did exert a great influence in making their village home in Nazareth a fit place in which to rear the Christchild. The biographer Luke has said,

''The child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom and the grace of God was upon him."

I hold that for a child's father and mother to have treasured in their hearts the feeling that their child is sent into the world to help to do the Father's business is a rich heritage to which every child is entitled. This feeling should be cultivated until the

parents'and the child's lives are aglow with it. All their relations

with each other, their words and acts, their attitude toward life always and everywhere, should be enriched and glorified by this feeling.

Consider just here the part Hannah took in Samuel's life the influence of the mothers of Helaman's sons; the encouragement-given our boyprophet, Joseph, by his mother, and perhaps

of equal or greater importance the sympathetic support of his father: and the wonderful influence of Lincoln's mother upon his

whole life. Then let us never forget the remarkable testimonies

that President Joseph F. Smith and Elder Heber J. Grant bear

of the mighty influence their mothers had upon their lives. Very

early their godly mothers had instilled into their hearts the faith that they were to work as God's servants among his people.

Only by giving such inspiration as is suggested in the last two paragraphs may parent or teacher or friend give the help that is needed by our boys and girls if they are to fulfil the promises of the Lord to and for them. Only so can we turn their faces to

the stars, and plant their feet firmly in the way of life. Thus may

they come into a fulness of the richest possible service of their loved ones and their fellows, thereby realizing the supreme joy of life here, and eternal lives hereafter.

KAYSVILLE, UTAH On what Day was Jesus Christ Crucified?

BY ELDER F. M. DARTER

[By request from a number of people who arc interested in the discussion of this topic, this article is printed for the benefit of students. In the Improvement Era, Vol. 3, page 89, there is a paper

by C. F. Watkins, on the same subject; and the reader is also referred

to a discussion on "How Long was Christ in the Tomb?"by Rev.

T. H. Cleland, D. D., first printed, many years ago, in the "Courier

Journal,"and reprinted in the "Millennial Star,"January 31. 1887.

Most of us are content to take for granted the statement of the scriptures, that the Savior was "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth,"and to go on with work seemingly of more importance than discussing the disputed question of how this could be, and how the four gospels may be harmonized touching the point at issue—which

point, however, has been made frequently "the sport of infidel satire and ridicule."Editors.]

The world as a whole accepts Friday (commonly called "Good

Friday") as the day of the Crucifixion. If this be true, then, in that

event, Christ's own words have failed to come true. However, to

this I cannot agree; rather, I am led to say, "let his words remain

true (as indeed they are), though the opinions of all men be in error!"I rejoice that we have more than sufficient evidence from the

New Testament writings to prove that the sign which Jesus Christ gave to the scribes and Pharisees; viz., that he was the Christ

did come true, as recorded in Matt. 12:3840, both inclusive:

"Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

"But he answered, and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign;

"And there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the Prophet

Jonah; for as Jonah was three days and three nights in the whale's

belly; so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the

heart of the earth."

The question then arises, did Jesus Christ give the world a true sign that we might know if he be the true Christ? The

answer is that he surely did. There are three things in this sign to

:which I desire to call your attention

First: The scribes and Pharisees were endeavoring to disprove Jesus Christ's own words, that they might have reason for

rejecting him; but the Savior, being fully aware of the motive

which prompted them to question him, answered them in such a

34 LMPRI >VEMENT ERA

manner that they were unable to find fault with him. Therefore,

we must accept this sign as being true.

Second: The time allotted for his hody to lie in the tomb

less.was three days and three nights—no more and no

Third: No portion of this time (72 hours) was to be spenton the cross, as Jesus plainly stated—"In the heart of the earth."

We also find the three days and three nights mentioned in the

Book of Jonah 1:11:

"Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah.

And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights."

We also have a reference to the time recorded in the Book of Mormon, III Nephi, 8:20, 23:

"And it came to pass that there was thick darkness upon all the face of the land, insomuch that the inhabitants thereof who had not fallen could feel the vapor of darkness;

"And it came to pass that it did last for the space of three days, and there was no light seen."

Also, in Book of Mormon, III Nephi, 10:9:

"And it came to pass that thus did the three days pass away.

"And it was in the morning, and the darkness dispersed from off the face of the land."

Also in Mark 8:31:

"And he began to teach them, that the Son of Man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again."

This is sufficient to prove that his body was to remain in the grave three days and three nights.

The second subject which I wish to take up is

WHEN WAS CHRIST CRUCIFIED?

Matt. 26:1-5 inclusive:

"And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his disciples, Ye know that after two days is the Passover, and the Son of Man is betrayed to be crucified.

"Then assembled together the chief priests and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas, and consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him.

"But they said. Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar

among the people."

From the above reference, we learn that the Lord's Passover was nigh at hand, and that the Scribes and the Pharisees were determined to kill him.

Matt. 26:1720, inclusive:

ON WHAT DAY WAS CHRIST CRUCIFIED? 35

"Now the first day of the least of unleavened bread, the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?

"And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him,

The Master saith. My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at thy

house with my disciples.

"And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they

made ready the passover.

"Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve."

It is probable that the above question was asked an hour or so before the first day of unleavened bread actually begun, which began at 6 p. m. Wednesday, which was the beginning of the

Lord's passover, being the 14th day of the 1st month (Nisan.) The

exact hour of the Lord's passover was midnight, being the hour that the destroying angel passed over Egypt, and it is at this supper that the paschal lamb is roasted by fire and eaten with unleavened bread.

And the remainder of this chapter states that Christ tells the twelve that one of them would betray him; he also at the same

time gave them the Lord's Supper; Luke 22:15, refers to the

same: "And he said unto them, with desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer."

From the two abovementioned references, we have Christ's own words to the twelve, stating that he would eat the passover with them; he also makes the statement at this supper table

"With desire have I desired to eat this passover with you."

This settles the question as to Christ eating the passover with the twelve before he suffered.

After this supper was over, they sang a hymn, and Jesus retired to the Mount of Olives, and it was there, on that same night, that he was betrayed by Judas (verses 2646). He was carried

before the high priest's house in the dark of the night, and before the Sanhedrin, or Council at daybreak; (see Luke 22:66) and,

from the council to Pilate. You will note that the Jews made quick

work of the trial, for they were determined to crucify him before the Sabbath began, which was the Feast of Unleavened Bread, and which began at 6 o'clock p. m., Wednesday, on this occasion, as

the day closed at 6 p. m., in that age. The Roman power has

changed the limits of our day from 6 p. m. to midnight, as it now

exists. This brings up the question:

When was the Lord's Passover? and What is the Feast

of Unleavened BreadI? Do They Come on the Same Day?

These are important questions which must be answered.

We have in Leviticus, 23:5, 6

"In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the Lord's

Passover. And on the fifteenth day of the same month is (he Feast of

36 IM PR( >VEMENT KRA

Unleavened Bread unto the Lord: Seven days ye must eat unleavened

bread."

And, Luke 22:7, 8:

"Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the Passover must be killed. "And he sent Peter and John, saying—Go and prepare us the

Passover, that we may eat."

Thus we see that on the day of the Lord's Passover, the paschal lamb is killed and eaten. This is not a day on which no

work is performed, but is a preparation day for the followingday, which is the Feast of Unleavened Bread, on which day no work is performed, but which is rather a day of holy convocation. And

the records tell us that Christ was crucified on the Preparation

Day, and that the next day was a Sabbath Day,—not a common

Sabbath day that comes fiftytwo times a year, but a High Sabbath.

Luke 23:5254: "This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body

of Jesus. And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it

in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid. And that day was the preparation, and the Sabbath drew on."

John 19:31: "The Jews, therefore, because it was the Preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the Sabbath day, (for that Sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that

their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away."

The revised version makes no change in John 19:31. Mark

15:25: "And it was the third hour, and they crucified him."

Matt. 27; 45: "Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over

all the land until the ninth hour."(See Matt. 27:3353.)

Mark 15:3437: "And at the ninth hour, Jesus cried with a loud

voice, saying * * * My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? * * * And Jesus cried with a loud voice and gave up the

ghost."From the above five references, we learn that the day of the

Crucifixion was on the Preparation Day, which was Wednesday, as we shall prove later; also, that the hour of the Crucifixion was

9:00 o'clock in the morning, and that he died at 3:00 p. m. the

same day. The last three hours that the Savior hung on the cross

there was darkness over all the land. Matt. 27:45.

We have followed the events down to 3:00 p. m. Wednesday,

which leads us up to the hour that the Savior gave up the ghost.

Now, the disciples, not knowing which was the best course to pursue, it required time for them to decide upon their plans and to put them into effect. Their time was also limited, as only three

hours remained in that day, which was the Preparation Day; also

the Lord's passover, being the 14th day of the 1st month (Nisan).

ON WHAT DAY WAS CHRIST CRUCIFIED? 37

We find the record of events which followed the hour of his death in Mark 15:42, 43:

"And now when the even was come, because it was the Preparation, that is, the day before the Sabbath, Joseph of Arimathaea, an honorable counselor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus."

Luke 23:5254: "This man went unto Pilate, and begged the

body of Jesus.

"And he took it down and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hewn in stone, wherein never man before was laid. "And that day was the Preparation, and the Sabbath drew on."

We know that the disciples could not have returned to Jerusalem from Golgotha (Calvary), which was on the outskirts of

Jerusalem, and obtained permission from Pilate to take the body down. Pilate first had to ascertain if he was dead; they also had

to get linen in which to wrap his body; also, probably water with

which to wash the blood from the body, as well as find a tomb in which to bury him. All this could not be accomplished in less than

three hours. Therefore, the time of burial was right at 6:00 p. m.,

which was the close of the day (Wednesday) and the beginning of Thursday, which was a Sabbath day. Now, you may say, The

Sabbath must be on a Saturday. However, this is in error, for

"Sabbath"means rest, and the Jews had several feast and rest days which they called Sabbath days.

The day following the Preparation Day (or day of Cruci-:42, Luke 23:54; alsofixion) is called a Sabbath day by Mark—IS

John 19:31. This Sabbath day could not be a Saturday, because

the sign of three days and three nights that his body would be in the heart of the earth must come in between the hour of burial and hour of resurrection. We have already proven that his body

could not have been put in the tomb before 6:00 p. m., Wednesday,

which closed the twentyfour hour day. Therefore, the 72 hours

began at this time end of Wednesday and beginning of viz.,—the

Thursday. This gives us the end of Saturday, or beginning of

Sunday; but one minute past 6:00 p. m., Saturday would be Sunday, the hour of Resurrection.

Before taking up the question of the Hour of Resurrection, T wish to call your attention to the fact that Israel had more than one

Sabbath, and that the greater part of them fell on a certain day of the month, and not on a certain day of the week.

I have already called your attention to the day on which the

Passover occurred, as recorded in Lev. 23:5, 6, being the 14th day

of the 1st month, and that the Feast of Unleavened Bread came on the 15th day of the same month, which is a Sabbath day. Also.

Mark, Luke and John tell us that the day following the day of

Crucifixion or Preparation was a Sabbath day.

38 [MPROVEM ENT ERA Lev. 23:24 says: "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying,—in

the 7th month, in the first clay of the month, shall ye have a Sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, an holy convocation."

Still another Sabbath is recorded in Lev. 23:27, 32

"Also, on the 10th day of the 7th month there shall be a day of atonement; it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall

afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord."

And the 32nd verse says: "It shall be unto you a Sabbath rest."

Also, Lev. 23:24 says: "The fifteenth day of this seventh month

shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the Lord."

Thus, in this case, there are only five days between the 10th day of the seventh month and the 15th day of the seventh month.

And, in the same chapter, verse 38 reads "Besides the Sabbaths of the Lord, and besides your gifts, and besides all your vows, and besides all your freewill offerings, which ye give unto the Lord."

You will note that the word "Sabbath"is recorded as plural in the above 38th verse.

I have now given you sufficient proof that Thursday could be a Sabbath Day, which it was on this occasion, being the Feast of the Unleavened Bread, being the 15th day of the first month, and that Jesus had eaten the Lord's Passover with his disciples on the night of the 14th day of the first month. You will bear in

mind that the 12 hours of darkness came before the 12 hours of daylight, as 6 p. m. closed the 24hour day. This appears to

be the same order as was set in the beginning of this world's time.

Gen. 1:5 says: "And God called the light day, and the dark he

called night, and the evening and the morning were the first day."

I can also prove that there were three full days—Thursday,

the day of the Crucifixion and theFriday and Saturday—between

Day of Resurrection, by using both the revised and King James'versions of the New Testament.

Mark (revised version) says: "And when the Sabbath zvas 16:1—past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary, the mother of James, and Salome,

bought spices, that they might come and anoint him."

From this we learn that Mary returned from the sepulchre

Wednesday about 6 p. m. and rested Thursday, the Feast of Unleaven Bread, a Sabbath day, and bought spices on Friday. The

same meaning is expressed in King James'version, Mark 16:1:

"And when the Sabbath zvas past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary, the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him."

The same story is here told, thai is, that she did not buy spices until the Sabbath was past. Luke 23:56, takes the events

up at this point, and goes on ON WHAT DAY WAS CHRIST CRUCIFIED? 39

"And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and

rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment."

This Sabbath day was Saturday.

As we in this age often have two holidays in one week, so did the Jews have two holy Sabbath days in one week, as on this occasion, the first being Thursday, the Feast of the Unleavened

Bread, and the second being Saturday, the regular weekly Sabbath day.

Matt. 28:1, 2: "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn

toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other

Mary to see the sepulchre. And, behold, there was a great earthquake;

for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it."

This is an account of Mary's first visit to the sepulchre. The

Revised Version tells us: "late on the Sabbath."

Matt. 28:5-10 tells of the events of Mary's third visit to the

sepulchre, but on her first visit she learns nothing as to where the

Lord's body had been taken. The first visit is also verified by

John 20:1, 2:

"The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre. Then she runneth and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the

other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and said unto them; They have

taken away the Lord out of the sepulchre, and we knozv not where they have laid him."

Thus you see that Mary did not learn that the Lord had been resurrected; nor did she see any angels on that visit.

John 20:3-10 tells us of the return of Mary with Peter

and John to the sepulchre, but they found nothing, nor did they learn anything in regard to where the Lord's body had been taken, this being Mary's second visit. The 9th and 10th verses

say: "For as yet they knew not the Scripture, that he must rise again from the dead. Then the disciples went away again unto their own

homes."Verses 1119 tells of Mary seeing the two angels at the sepulchre, also of her seeing the Lord; but John does not tell us

if Mary remained at the sepulchre until morning. (Which she

did not). However, Mark and Luke, in giving their description

of the Resurrection, mention the last visit of Mary, which would be the third, for they say she came at the rising of the sun. Mark

16: 1, 2: "And when the Sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene,

and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices that they might come and anoint him."Second verse:

"And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun."

40 IMPR< >VEMENT KRA

The first verse tells of Mary's resting on Thursday, the feast of Unleavened Bread, and then buying spices on Friday, and the second verse of the last or third visit, which was at sunrise Sunday morning. Luke 24:1, 2, 3:

"Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.

"And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre."

"And they entered it and found not the body of the Lord Jesus;

And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments."

And the following verses of the above chapter tell of the conversation that she had with the angels, and meeting the Lord a the first information that Mary hadfew minutes later—this being

received.

Luke 24: 9

"And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest."

The 12th verse says:

"Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping

down, he beheld th"linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass."

Now, this was the second visit of Peter, for upon Peter's first visit, Mary had told him and John that she had found the sepulchre open, and that they knew not where the Lord's body had been laid. And Peter returned home the second time; but he

had Mary's testimony that she had:>een the angels, and that she

had seen the Resurrected Lord; that he, as well as the angels, had

instructed her on her sunrise visit Sundav morning to "Go tell my disciples to meet me in Galilee."(See Matt. 28:8-10).

While Mary did not meet the Lord until sunrise Sunday, yet she was an eye witness to the fact that the Lord's body had been out of the tomb from the end of the Sabbath (Saturday) to the beginning of Sunday.

I have already called your attention to the fact that the Lord gave up the ghost at 3:00 p. m. and could not have been buried

before 6:00 p. m., which closed the 24hour day; therefore, this is

almost sufficient proof that the Lord was resurrected at the close of Saturday and beginning of Sunday; it was on Sunday—the

first hour.

Matt. 2S; 1: "Tn the end of the Sabbath, as it began In dawn

toward the fust of tlie week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre."Or "late on I lie Sabbath"as given in the Re

vised Version.

"In the end of the Sabbath"does not mean twelve hours into

ON WHAT DAY WAS C'lRIST CRUCIFIED? 41

the next day. It was on this visit that they found the tomb open.

(Saturday night the beginning of Sunday).

Mark 16:9, also speaks of him rising early, "Now when Jesus was

risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils."

I have now given you sufficient evidence that the whole proposition may be summed up in a few words ate the Passover Supper with the twelve. First.—That Christ

This is also admitted by Dr. James E. Talmage in his "First Year

OutlinesSecond.—Therefor the SundaywereSchoolhastyWork."proceedings during the night

after the paschal meal. This is also verified by Dr. James E.

Talmage in his abovementioned Sunday School Outlines.

Christ being crucified at 9:00 a. m., died at 3:00 p. m.,

Wednesday; was buried at about 6:00 p. m., and his body remained in the grave all of Thursday, Friday and Saturday, and

was resurrected on the very beginning of Sunday, vis.,—between

6:00 and 8:00 p. m. (Sunday beginning at 6:00 p. m.), but

was not seen by Mary until sunrise, on Sunday morning. Thus

have the scriptures been fulfilled to the letter.

My great difficulty in preparing this little article is that no one writer of the New Testament has given us a complete chain of history, each one giving a link here and a link there, but by placing each link of the four writers we have practically a complete chain.

Now you will bear in mind, that so far I have confined myself to the Jewish month and week, but I have called their fourth day of the week Wednesday, the seventh Saturday, and the first day

Sunday, which we know to be correct.

Inasmuch as historians have failed to agree as to the year of the birth and crucifixion of our Lord, I will not undertake to discuss this question in this article, however, I will say that we have good historical records to connect up the day of the week, month and year of the crucifixion as above given, being Wednesday,

Nisan 14th, A. D., 33.

The Encyclopedia Britanica, under Day of the Jewish month

Nisan, states that the Passover came on Nisan 14th. The same

authority states that the early Christian tiaditions are unanimous on this point. Also James Hastings, M. A., D. D., states in his

Dictionary of the Bible, under title, Jesus Christ, that the date of crucifixion was on Nisan lth, it also being the day of the Passover, and that the Feast of Unleavened Bread was on the 15th to 21st inclusive. He mentions the fact (in his Dictionary of the Bible,

have failed to agree on the year of crucifixion; he therefore furnishes us a true table showing on what day of the week Nisan

42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

14th came, for the years 28 to 33 inclusive, taken from the subjoined table c. f. Salmon, Introduction to N. T., Appendix to

Lecture XV. Mas Latrie, Trcsor dc Chronologic, page 94, as

follows A. D. 28 Saturday March 27

A. D. 29 Friday April 15

A. D. 30 Tuesday April 4

A. D. 31 Saturday March 24

A. D. 32 Saturday April 12

A. D. 33 Wednesday April 1

as per present Christian calendar. Therefore, knowing the day

of the week, day of the month, and between what limit of years the crucifixion is known to have taken place, with this calendar before us, the question of the year solves itself, being Wednesday,

Nisan 14th, A. D. 33.

James Hastings in the above referred to Vol. 1, page 412 and

413, quotes several early writers who give A. D. 33 as the date

of the crucifixion. We also have in Haydn's Dictionary of Dates,

24th edition, under "Crucifixion of Jesus Christ,"quotation of

A. D. 33 from Usher. We are told by Murdock in his translations

of Dr. Moshcim's Institutes, that "The birth of Christ was made

an era from which to reckon dates,"and we are told in the Book of Moses, 5:57 that the Lord's birth was to come in the meridian

of time: "For they would not harken unto his voice, nor believe

on his Only Begotten Son, even him whom he declared should come in the meridian of time, who was prepared from before the foundation of the world."Therefore, the birth of Christ would

come on the beginning of year One; then from Salmon's table,

as shown by James Hastings, we have his age at the crucifixion as 33 years old.

We are told in the Book of Mormon, III Nephi 2:8, that they,

the Nephites, began their time at the sign of the birth of Christ, which was two days connected together by continual light. Also

that the sign of crucifixion took place on the 34th year, 4th day of the 1st month, which gives us his age at the time of crucifixion as 33 years and 4 days, which checks with Salmon's table, and is also the unanimous traditional report as to his age at date of the crucifixion.

We have also in the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 20, that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized

April 6th, 1830, it being 1830 years since the coming of our

Lord in the flesh. B. H. Roberts accepts this authority as being

better than any other to be had. Joseph Smith also accepts this

date as being 1830 years from the birth of Christ, and says that the crucifixion took place on the same day 33 years latter. (Recorded

in Church History). William Smith's Dictionary of the Bible,

under "Jesus Christ"states that the 14th day of Nisan came on

April 6, on this occasion.

ON WHAT DAY WAS CHRIST CRUCIFIED? 43

From the above references the crucifixion was on Wednesday,

Nisan 14th, A. D. 33, and very probably April.

We have proven "Good Friday"false, not only as far as the day of the week is concerned, but the day varies as much as 33 days as to the year; for, the rule Friday is the first says—Good

Friday preceding Easter Sunday; Easter Sunday is the first Sunday after the first full moon after the 21st of March. This gives

us March 21 as the first limit and April 26 as above the latest limit.

The above subject was first treated by the delineator in chart form, with the prime object in view to prove to the theological class of Long Beach that Jesus has proved himself the Christ in every instance. This little piece of history and truth, the writer believes, is indeed worth while.for every believer in Jesus Christ

to know. I have spent many months in verifying each step that

has been taken, and if the article be sufficient to prove the above statements to your mind, all the reward I ask is that you pass it to someone else.

LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA The Miracle of Day I rode through the fields at dawn with my Friend,

As the world in slumber lay, To see from a bluff at the river's bend

The Miracle of the day.

Silent we sat in solemn awe.

Watching the great sun rise, When clear and sweet from a nearby haw

A meadowlark sang to the skies.

The air was a-throb with his thrilliner lay, "It's here! It's here! The beautiful day!"

The daisy smiled as a waking child

At the kiss of the risen sun, And the m'ountains laved in the sunlight wave 'Round the circling horizon.

The Zephyr tripped from its mystic crypt,

A-dancing joyously, And the song of the Knight Invisible

Was magicread to me, "Man seeth not God's mysterious way.

But he liveth, and giveth each beautiful day."

The river's song as it rushed along

On its journey to the sea, all things here Was a sermon clear that

In a chosen place must be.

With a glow in my breast I gazed in the west

At the melting Morning Star, Keeping its course in the vast, calm skies,

Where million miracles are, And I seemed to see God smile at me

Through miracles near and far.

Ethel Jarvis ST. GEORGE, UTAH

A "Mormon"Captain in the British Army

BY F. C. STEELE

Ordinarily, promotion in the British army is very slow, but this rule has certainly been broken in the case of Captain Hyde W. Taylor,

of Magrath, Alberta, who is now in Canterbury, England, with the famous Hussars, a cavalry regiment. Captain Taylor is a "Mormon"

boy, born and reared in the West, and his rapid rise in the ranks is due largely to the broad, generous, comprehensive view he takes of things.

Entering the Canadian militia, three years ago, his abilities were soon recognized by his superior officers. He developed a remarkable

insight'into military affairs, and showed a tact and initiative so essential to the makeup of a successful officer. His promotion was rapid and when the war

broke out last August Taylor held the rank of lieutenant.

When the call for volunteers came he promptly enlisted and was entrusted with a portion of the recruiting work. The 13th

Canadian Mounted Rifles were organized shortly after. Lieut.

Taylor was given command of a company, a commission he held during the training at Cardston and later at Sarcee Camp, near the city of Calgary.

One day last summer a call came for a detachment from the 13th. for overseas service. Col.

Kemmis chose Lieut. Taylor tc

take [this important command.

He was elevated shortly after to the rank of Captain. When

the troops left the C. P. R. depot

CAPT. HYDE W. TAYLOR. for their long journey over land

and sea, there were many wet eyes among Capf. 'lavlor's company.

And there were tears—big tears—in the Captain's eyes as he shook

their hands, perhaps for the last time. Bearded veterans, men who

went through the Boer War, were loath to lose this boyish, clean, pleasant, efficient officer. They wanted to follow him in the charge

because he had won their confidence.

In this commission, as in all others, Capt. Taylor proved himself

equal to the occasion. Although young in military experience, he

landed his charge safely in England, receiving the warm congratulations of his higher officers.

In England he was ordered to Canterbury, where he became attached to the cavalry division of the Imperial Army. He is still there

awaiting orders to proceed with his regiment to the front.

Recently, Capt. Taylor had the proud distinction of attending a

banquet held in London in honor of Premier Borden, of Canada, who was then on an official mission in Europe.

Capt. Taylor is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Hyrum W. Taylor, and

is a grandson of President John Taylor. From both parents he inherits a faculty for leadership. The Siddoways—his mother's family

have been soldiers and sailors for generations back. He is thus

sustaining the traditions of his family.

RAYMOND, TANATIA Incompetence

BY F. W. COPE

Sittingon a pleasant hillside, one day, enjoying the sunshine of an autumn morning, with thoughts barely employed, my attention was attracted to a monster steam shovel digging its iron jaws, armored with mighty teeth of steel, into the face of the bank of earth and rock. Each bite of this monstrous jaw left its imprint on

the perpendicular wall which, at every few strokes, fell in avalanches of dust and earth.

This mighty engine, creeping slowly on and on, soon had leveled the hill, and the work of ages performed by the forces of nature, with the aid of wind, water and the vast upheavals of internal exertion, disappeared. In its place was a level expanse

I ground upon which will soon appear lawns, trees, and flowers, to delight the eyes of thousands of God's children.

Standing near the steam shovel, diligently employed, was a mere man, attacking with his whole might, with the aid of a hand shovel, this same bank. His movements were more rapid, his

shovel was loaded and emptied more frequently, but the results were so pitiful in comparison that I was struck with his extreme impotence. Where each bite of the machine tore great holes in

the bank, and each load was sufficient to fill a car, the load taken up by the human machine, after leaving his shovel, was often dissipated by the breeze and hardly reached the bottom of the hill.

A lifetime of physical effort could scarcely accomplish the results of a few days'labor by the mighty monster using the latent forces of steam.

So it is in all the activities of man, when physical strength is matched against the properly controlled forces of nature. So it is

in comparison of the bow and arrow, used in the hunt and in warfare by primitive man and the savage; and the Herculean engines

of modern warfare employed in the present European war, the greatest in all the world's history. This applies also in the human

effort resulting in the early Egyptian development: and the modern

methods of transportation and propulsion. Viewing physical man.

how puny, how impotent he is.

When God set our Father Adam in the Garden of Eden he gave him dominion over all the beasts of the field, the fowls of the air, the fishes of the sea, and bade him name them and prevail over them. Was this right given through his physical power over

them? Relieve a man of all intelligence, except sufficient to search

46 I M I'KOVEMENT ERA

out an existence, or such power as is given to the lower order of animals, and a very few decades would see his extinction.

Before man was given dominion over the lifeforms of this earth, he was endowed with powers of majesty—his mind.

Through the development of the mind, man has been able to put to use the forces of nature and make them subject to his will.

Watt's curiosity over the actions of the steam in the kettle, and subsequent research, resulted in a multitude of steampropelled mechanisms.

Franklin's experiment with the key, the kite, and the lightning, added upon by the achievements of Edison and many others, gave us the myriad electrical devices now known to man, and controlled by him.

Westinghouse's application of the principle of compressed air is another great power.

So we could continue through the innumerable inventions of man, and find convincing proof that man is endowed with the majesty and right to exercise dominion not only over the animals, fowls, and fishes, but over every force of nature.

Were we to make comparison between the steam shovel ana the tool used by hand, and man's physical endowments, with his mental possibilities, even the comparison of the shovel would be idle.

Man, in his physical self alone, is impotent even to gain that which will sustain life; endowed with the kingship of the mind he

is able to subdue all things, and rise to the highest pinnacle of achievement, approaching the accomplishments of the Creator.

It is for us individually to choose our stations in life, and to determine our standing here and in the life to come, whether they shall be impotent or competent, whether we shall do our work by physical force, or by the unconquerable power of mind.

FOREST DALE, UTAH

99 1*:,i WW M, 1F THE M. I. A. SPECIAL NORMAL CLASS

Fielding Academy, Paris, Idaho, 191415 Keeping One's Life in Tune

A friend of the Eka submits the following philosophy:

Pianos have to be kept in tune. Every now and then the tuner

conies and goes over all the strings, keying them up, so that there will be no discords when the instrument is played. Our lives have a great

many more strings than a piano, and much more easily get out of tune.

Then they begin to make discords, and the music is spoiled. We need

to watch them carefully to keep the strings always up to concert pitch.

One way in which a piano is put out of tune is by use. The constant striking of the strings stretches them, and they need to be keyed

up from time to time. Life's common experiences have an exhausting

effect. We have our daily struggles, temptations, burdens, cares,

duties, and at the close of the day we are tired, and the music our life makes is naturally not as sweet as it was in the morning.

Another way in which a piano is put out of tune is by disuse. If

it is kept closed, its strings will lose their tune. It is the same with

our lives. They keep in tune best when they are fully occupied. It is

a law of nature that a power not used, wastes—at length dies out.

This is true of all our faculties. Musicians can maintain their skill

only by constant practice. A great pianist said that if he missed his

hours at his instrument for three days, the public would know it; if

for two days, his friends would be aware of it; and that if he failed

in his practice even for one day, he himself would be conscious of it.

If we would keep our life in tune, we must not allow its power to lie unused. We make the sweetest music when we are living at our best.

An idle man is never truly happy, nor is he the best maker of happiness for others. We learn to love more by loving. We get joyous by

rejoicing. If we cease to be kind, even for a few days, it shows in

the tone of our life, as others know us. If for only a day we fail in

showing kindness, our hand will lose something of its skill in life's sweet ministry.

A piano is put out of tune also by misuse. A skilful musician

may spend hours in playing without affecting the tone of any of the strings, while inexperienced and unskilful playing jangles the chords and makes the instrument incapable of producing sweet musical effects. Many people so misuse and abuse their life that they destroy

its power to give out sweetness.

The bringing of the powers of our own life into tune is really the great problem of all spiritual culture. While the audience is waiting

for the concert to begin, they hear a strange clangor back of the scenes. The instruments are being brought into acc6rd. At first

they are far apart, hut in a little time they are all in perfect harmony.

Then the music begins. Each human life is a whole orchestra by itself.

But it is not in tune, and therefore, before we can begin sweet music, all of its many chords must be brought.into h:armony. This is the

work of spiritual culture.- It is achieved only by the submission of

the whole"life to God.

Do You Believe in Lady Missionaries?

Qir'te a division of opinion prevails among the people on this question. Those who have paid attention to the portraits in the

"Messages from the Missions,"printed monthly in the Era, will have noticed a liberal sprinkling of sisters among the various groups of missionaries. It is evidently true that the employment

of sisters in the mission field is becoming more common as the months go by. Why is this the case? Do you believe in sending

out young women to labor in the mission field? Or should mission work be done solely by the Priesthood?

Sister Edna Crowther, who is at present laboring in Philadelphia, has called the attention of the editors of the Era to the question, and asks permission to give her ideas on why lady missionaries are called. We believe our readers will be interested

in her presentation. Without taking a stand either for or against

the ide?, at this time, we are pleased to present her views:

"I think both the Era and the Liahona have enough mission news from the elders, and that the lady missionaries should have part of the women's magazines, because there should be system and order in all things. As yet I have never heard nor

read anything on why the Church has lady missionaries. It is a

question which many people are thinking about, some believe in them, some do not. Therefore, light should be given to the body

of the Church in general; so, if I may, I beg to contribute to the

Era some ideas on this subject which please print for the cause of truth and the uplift of humanity. My object is to accomplish

govxl. "Woman's work, from the beginning of history among civilized people, has always been with the gentle things of the life—at

heart, so to speak. She always has and always will have a position to fill separate and distinct from man. Men cannot do

women's work any more than women can do men's work. Every

attempt to change places is a flat failure.

"One important and growing question of our socalled 'Mormon'Church today is 'what can young women do as missionaries?'

It is a very broad question with two sides—missionaries at home

and missionaries abroad. I will discuss missionaries abroad.

"It is the elders'duty to preach the gospel, cry repentance to evencreature, baptize, lay on hands for the gift of the Holy

Ghost, bind on earth that which shall be bound in heaven, and to organize. The sisters', or lady missionaries'duty is to enter

homes, declare our glorious message of peace and good will and

DO YOU BELIEVE IN LADY MISSIONARIES? 49

manifest the fruits of the Spirit which are, as the Apostle Paul said: 'love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness,

faith.'We are to visit the sick, comfort the weary, cheer the

sad; and to those who have some truth add more to it. Break

down the high wall of prejudice by tact and love. We make ourselves servants to our fellow beings, and in so doing become

servants of God.

"Every missionary who does his or her full duty realizes that

God is love, because all that He has done for us has been for love, and all we ever did or ever will do that could be worth while is through love. Love is the core of life; everything hinges on

love. Every disaster is the result of the lack of love somewhere.

It is only by love that we will ever become as God. Love characterizes a missionary; without it, and an eye single to the glory

of God, little can be accomplished.

"When a lady missionary rings a bell, or knocks at a door, she must do so with a prayer on her lips that the Spirit of God will rest upon both her and the one who opens the door that they may feel as sisters, with a oneness in the cause of truth, for ninetyeight out of one hundred doors are opened by women. We must

go with a soul burdened with desire to bless and uplift all whom we meet, and by the love and truth of God make every man and woman who is seeking for truth our brother or sister. If we

meet some who are not seeking truth, we may, by the direction of the Holy Spirit, to whom we are all entitled, strike a chord in them that will vibrate in harmony with our plan of a better life.

Every good is truth and all truth is of God.

"For one I have found many honest souls who are seeking truth, several have told me that I was sent to them in answer to a long, oftrepeated prayer. One instance I will relate. It is of

a dear soul who joined the Church in Norway. She afterwards

came to America, but her circumstances prevented her having anything to do with our Church or its people for thirtyone years, during which time she held fast to the faith, taught it quietly to her children, constantly praying that the way would be opened up that she could again be united with God's chosen people. Her

prayers were answered, and her only son left, has joined the

Church with her. She is now one of the happiest women I know.

"Ladies are invited into manv homes where men would be refused. They work quietly and joyfully at the heart of things,

promote fundamental growth of the fruits of our glorious restored gospel in the homes. They do not. nor can they, take the place

of elders, but work in harmony with them, by doing those small things that only women can do. They tear down the barriers of

prejudice and stimulate spiritual life and unity wherever they go.

Ts this not reason enough why the Church should have lady missionaries?"

Vocations and Industries

BY CLAUDE RICHARDS, OF THE GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

What Shall I Do?

That is the cry of M. I. A. Vocation Counselors and Supervisors,

everywhere. The question is answered in the following outline, which

is submitted to them for careful study and consideration:

A. Ward Vocation Counselor

1. Dedicate a definite portion of your time to this work, and make

your program. For example:

a. Sunday. On this day I will study my subject, plan my work,

and do what I can to let others know of this great movement, and solicit their favor and cooperation.

b. One certain night each week I will spend with the boys in

helping to shape their careers.

2. Follow General Board Committee.

a. Letters and instructions.

b. Articles and publications.

c Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book.

3. Read Carefully.

a. Magazine articles.

b. Best Vocational books.

Refer to Handbook, p. 37, for Committee's recommendations.

4. Learn also by experience.

a. Direct contact with men and boys.

b. See the vocations in action. Make a special study of the vocations that may be followed in our own communities.

c. Use pencil and paper to record your observations and thoughts.

d. Correspond and converse with others in this line of work.

5. Attend Meetings.

a. Regular Association meetings.

b. Stake Vocational meetings.

c. Vocational Lectures, etc.

6. Application to the Boy.

a. Make a list of the boys in your Ward from twelve to twenty.

b. Provide for your own use a 5-cent notebook for each boy. In

it write all the observations and items of information concerning each boy that may assist you to render expert vocational guidance. Study each boy from the start—his likes and dislikes—his weak and strong points—his tendencies

and aptitudes. Write the results. In time you will get together a history and write up that will be invaluable. Refer

to Parson's "How to Choose a Vocation,"chapter 4, and reference to vocations and efficiency, chapter 6 for questions to ask the boy.

c. As a direct and effective introduction of our Vocational work

to the boy, take these preliminary steps:

1. Secure letter No. 1 from the General Board Committee.

2. Make a canvass in accordance with that letter. Visit every

boy. Ask him if he has chosen his Vocation. Report each

boy's answer to the General Board Committee. Place this

VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 51

and any other information you may acquire upon your first visit in your notebook. Regard all information as confidential.

3. Copies of two letters will then be sent to you. One of

these is for the boy who has chosen his vocation, and the other is for the boy who has not chosen his vocation. Deliver these letters personally to the boys. At each visit

stimulate the desire for specializing and record items in your notebook.

d. Keep clearly in mind the main outline of our work, namely:

1. The necessity of Specializing.

2. How to prepare for Specializing.

3. Conditions leading to Success.

4. How to choose a Vocation.

5. The Vocations of today.

6. Avocations of Men.

Prepare to take each step in this outline with the boy, either individually or collectively. Both ways may be used to advantage. In

d'aling with Item "4,"so far as the application of the item to each boy is concerned, individual work only should be done when it comes to ihe point of applying the information concerning the individual boy 1 1 the formula for choosing a vocation.

It is likely that the General Board Committee will furnish you with further advice as to how to take these steps and the exact details of tl e ground to be covered.

e. Explain our work and secure the active support and cooper-

ation of 1. Parents.

2. Bishopric.

3. Seventies and Elders.

4. School Teachers.

f. Use every available opportunity to deliver your message.

1. Meetings.

a. Parents'Class.

b. Bishop's Meeting.

c. M. I. A.

d. Priesthood Meetings.

2. In the home.

3. On the street and in other places.

B. Stake Vocational Supervisor

1. Get the Spirit of the Movement and keep it.

a. By spending a part of Sunday and at least one certain night

every week at this work.

b. By following General Board Committee.

1. Letters and Instructions.

2. Articles and Publications.

3. Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook.

c. By reading.

1. Magazine articles.

2. Best Vocational books. (See list, p. 37, Handbook.)

d. Uearn also by experience.

1. Direct contact with men and boys.

2. See the Vocations in action, making a close study of the

vocations that may be followed in your own localities.

3. Use pencil and paper to record your thoughts and observations.

52 IMPROVEMENT ERA

4. Correspond and converse with others in this line of work.

5. Attend Y. M. M. I. A. Meetings.

2. See that the best Counselor is selected in each Ward. We have

access to the Seventies. The President of the Ward Association should act temporarily until the Ward Counselor is selected.

3. Hold monthly Stake Meetings for all Ward Counselors.

a. Select a permanent Secretary for these meetings.

b. Follow a definite order of business. We recommend

1. Singing and prayer at opening and closing, unless your

meeting is a part of the Stake Priesthood Meeting.

2. Minutes.

3. Reports.

4. Instructions.

a. From General Board Committee.

b. Local. 5. Special order.

Select a subject (some phase of our work, an article, a book review, etc.) for each meeting. Appoint a speaker for

extended preparation. Encourage general preparation

and discussion.

6. Problems and Suggestions.

7. Miscellaneous.

4. Field Work.

a. Visit and check up each ward at least four times each year;

once at the beginning, again at the middle; later at close of

Mutual and finally during the summer for contest and other summer work. Vocational work should extend throughout

the summer.

b. Keep an accurate record of each ward and all features of your

work. Notes are valuable.

c. At times, for your own good and experience, get in actual contact with the boy.

d. Keep in close touch with

1. Every Ward President.

2. Superintendency of Y. M. M. I. A.

3. Presidency of the Stake.

4. Bishops'Meetings at Stake House.

5. Parents and others.

HOMEWARD BOUND FROM THE "HIKE""Safety First"Dangerous Practices about the Home,with Preventive Suggestions

BY CHARLES T. RICHARDSON, "FIRST AID TO INJURED,"GARFIELD

SMELTING CO.

After a very careful study and observance of many of the common practices and methods about the home, I have become thoroughly convinced that by exercising a little more care, and by being more cautious, a great many of the common household accidents can certainly be avoided.

The amount of pain and suffering which is brought into many homes through the carelessness, and momentary thoughtlessness, of some member of the family, is often very appalling, for in many instances it could have certainly been avoided and even prevented.

To Parents: If you resort to dangerous practices about

your home, your children are very likely to do things in the same way, the younger children not realizing the danger; while your

older children will do so because they have not been cautioned, or told of the danger. They are very apt to follow your methods.

Therefore, it is of the utmost importance that parents teach their children the necessity of being careful to avoid dangerous practices about the home and its surroundings. Let parents do so by

setting an example before their children in their own daily lives.

I wish to point out to you a few of the common household practices that are very dangerous, also to suggest a few appliances that are absolutely necessary about your home, to help you in the prevention of accidents.

While the large corporations are systematically studying the causes of accidents to their employees, and are doing all that lies within their power to prevent similar accidents in the future, by installing safety devices, protecting dangerous places, and by changing their operating methods wherever necessary to protect their employees from suffering and disability and often death, so can we also apply these same ideas in our daily work about the home. By so doing, we can keep happiness therein, and not have

our happiness marred by painful accidents which may occur because of our neglect.

first aid to the inMy work, as an emergency nurse and jured, has convinced me that this "safety first"movement is just as necessary as having a first aid man about the works to give first 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

aid treatment to the men after they are injured. In conjunction

with this work at one of the large ore smelting works in this state

I have been called with the doctor to attend several household accidents. This has caused me to investigate more thoroughly,

and to realize that these preventive measures are just as essential in the home as elsewhere.

Several months ago, I attended a very sad case with the doctor. A woman had been severely burned while attempting

to pour kerosene into the stove to hasten a few coals that were still alight. Not wishing to take time to clean the grate and relay

the kindling, coal, etc., she poured on the kerosene, with the disastrous result of an explosion which burned her clothes, hair, and

the whole of her body, except the breast and back. This lady

died in the hospital two days later, bringing great sorrow into her family.

How often this common yet dangerous household practice has brought sorrow and destruction into many homes in the past! Yet, think of how many people still resort to the dangers

of thoughtlessly saturating kindling with kerosene and sometimes gasoline, before lighting the fire with a match. But what

is yet worse, they will often pour the inflammable oil into the grates where there are live coals! Past results should be enough

to convince any person of the clangers of this common practice.

Do not wait until death, or a serious accident happens, before you discontinue this dangerous practice, but discontinue it at once, or some day it may be too late.

Matches are often left within reach of children, who love to strike them at every opportunity, often setting fire to their

both. Keep the matches out of their reach.home,—sometimesclothing, occasionally resulting in death, or the destruction of

They should be kept in a noncombustible container. Leave no

matches lying around the house, for they may ignite, especially when placed near a stove or lamp, or, something may drop on them. They often ignite from the slightest friction when left

where they can easily be moved about. Matches should not be

carried loose in the pockets. Always use a metal match case.

Great care must be exercised when putting your clothes in the wardrobe or closet in seeing that no matches are left in the pockets.

Do not go into dark rooms or closets with an unprotected light, nor by striking matches to see your way. Your closets are

always dark, and stored with inflammable material which may ignite, much against your will. Preferably, use a small, electric

flashlight, or an electric light extension, with ample cord length to give you access to all the dark corners. The globe should also

be protected with a wire casing provided for this purpose, to prevent the globe from being placed on some highlv inflammable

'SAFETY FIRST"55 material or from getting knocked against any hard object which is likely to break it. All homes wherein there is electricity should

be provided with such an extension light which may be fastened m any light socket about the house, and which will prevent many serious accidents and conflagrations. Never go into a clothes

closet with a kerosene lamp in your hand. It is safter to have

some one to hold the lamp for you. However, it is better to use

an electric flashlight and be safe.

Another common practice often proving disastrous, is hanging clothes around the stove to dry, especially during the winter months. They will dry in a warm room, but keep them away

from the stove. Of course, it will take longer for them to dry

but think how much safer it is. It may be the means of saving

your home Again, let me warn you against the improper handling of kerosene and gasoline. Oftentimes a housewife will have a can

of gasoline standing on the table while she is cleaning and pressing clothes. Keep the gasoline can away from the iron or a light,

for the evaporation from the gasoline may ignite by "the heat or flame, thus producing spontaneous combustion. Do not

pour the gasoline into an unprotected container such as a cup.

pan or saucer, as you may accidentally drop a match into it or ignite it in some way, especially when you have heat near it.

Do not forget to keep it away from the stove or open flames while you are doing this work, for gaseous vapors are driven off which may ignite from excessive heat at any time, even though the flame does not come in contact with the container or its contents. You cannot be too careful at any time, in handling these

inflammable oils. Then again, those who smoke should be careful

where cigarette or pipe contents are thiown, for many fires have been caused by such carelessness.

Housecleaning time is not without its dangers. Is your

home'equipped with a substantial stepladder or stool for you to stand on while cleaning the walls, hanging pictures, putting up curtains, and adjusting the window shades, or while you are doing any other kind of similar work about the house?

Often housewives place boxes, or pile books and magazines on chairs, tables or stools, thus dangerously attempting to clean windows, or reach the top of the cupboard. Let your husband

get you a good stepladder or bench to stand on instead. Above

all never stand on a revolving piano stool nor even on the new stationary piano seat, for neither is that made to stand on.

Never stand on the back of a chair in reaching for anything.

The chair may tip, or slip backwards with you. Worse, never place

a board across the backs of two chairs to make a platform to stand on. However, that is very often done. Chairs make very dangerous trestles and should be eliminated for such purposes. How56 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ever, you may use some chairs by standing on the seat, provided it be solid. Even that does not eliminate the possibility of injury,

for smoothlypolished hardwood chairs are very slippery. Canebottom chairs may be somewhat worn and break with you. Do not

attempt to stand on a chair on a polished hardwood floor.

During housecleaning times, and even in the daily work about the home, unsafe makeshifts are too often resorted to for the lack of proper equipment to make your work safe. However,

housecleaning must be done, for "cleanliness is next to Godliness,"but "Safety"will prolong your life and happiness, also help you to avoid unnecessary injury and suffering.

Windowcleaning has its dangers. People often stand on

the window ledge and hold on with one hand while using the mop with the other hand. You cannot hang in that position very

long. Your arm becomes tired. You may lose your balance and

fall backards. Even while cleaning windows outside, this hazardous practice is often resorted to. Another common custom is

to reach out from the inside of the house, sitting on the window ledge, holding onto the casing on the outside of the window, with your feet hanging inside of the room. I know of a case where a

lady lost her hold, falling backward to the ground from the front window of her home, striking the ground and breaking her neck.

These windows can be reached from the ground or the floor with a stepladder or a small bench. If the ground is somewhat uneven, it would be a good idea to have somebody steady the

ladder for you. Use a mop with an extension handle to clean

the outside of upstairs windows, or windows that cannot be safely reached without a ladder.

Small children should be kept outside of the kitchen during cooking hours, or even while you are washing dishes; and never

allow your baby around you on wash days. If you are alone, how

much better it is to get some young girl to mind your baby for you, for the safety of many children is often overlooked and even neglected, I dare not say intentionally, for no parent wishes to wilfully injure his child. Yet their safety is often thoughtlessly

and carelessly overlooked in your not giving enough attention to the safety of your children or yourself, but with only the idea in your mind of getting certain work done.

However, small children are always a source of great anxiety, especially to the mother. They put a great many cares upon her

shoulders, and it is very trying to the mother, while attempting to look after the babies, to do her work at the same time. In

spite of what you may do for them, they will very often injure themselves, much against your will and careful arrangements.

Therefore, it is necessary to be more than ever on the alert for their safety.

Children are constantly grasping at the mother's clothing, "SAFETY FIRST"57

while she is working; for this reason I have suggested that they

be kept out of the kitchen and away from mother on wash days.

Often you do not know that they are clinging to you, thus causing you to fall, or to spill hot water, or to upset the hot food which you may be carrying. Many children have been seriously burned from

just such causes.

Stairways should be blocked so that you can rest assured that your small children will not climb the stairs, only to fall down them. Keep the cellar doors closed, and preferably locked. 1 f

you have cellar steps that are unprotected, you should protect them at once. Always bear in mind that stairways are very dangerous, if they are not kept in good condition. How often we

see cellar doors and steps that are very much neglected, causing many of the grown people to fall and injure themselves.

Are your wells properly guarded? An open curb well is a

death trap which should positively be eliminated and replaced with a suitable pump.

Are there any large or small creeks near your home that are unprotected?

All foot boards and logs are very dangerous things to cross a stream on. Discard these at once, replacing them with solid,

substantial bridges or walks properly guarded with hand railings and toeboards nailed on the side to prevent any one from falling into the stream if he should accidentally fall while crossing the bridge, even though it be over a small stream. How often people

lav an old board or a log across streams as permanent crossings.

They take many chances every time they do so. Many grown

people, as well as the aged, crippled, and even small children, have fallen off such dangerous places and been drowned. Many people

have fallen from bridges because there was no railing provided.

All porches not equipped with proper railings are dangerous.

Children often play on the porches and may fall off. Grown people often fall from unguarded porches.

Again, therein comes the necessity of teaching your children safety ideas, and to be careful. -Those same teachings will be instilled into the minds of many of the children, and remain with

them throughtout their lives, thus saving them from resorting to many of the dangerous practices later in life.

All drugs and medicines used in the home should be kept in a wellprotected place provided for that purpose only, and kept locked safely, not left about the house or kept on shelves. All of

these bottles and packages should be plainly labeled and properly is in a bottle. directioned. Never rely on your memory as to what

it is. If it is unlabeled, and'should any doubt arise as to what

throw it away. If you wish to save the bottle, thoroughly cleanse

and boil it in scalding water at least half an hour. Loose corks

58 IMPROVED ENT ERA

from bottles should he immediately destroyed. Your children

are very apt to get hold of these loose corks. Invariably they will

put them in their mouths, and if one of these corks should happen to come from a bottle containing poison, very disastrous results may follow. Older people should never place corks in their

mouhts, for the reasons just mentioned.

Remember distinctly that you should never go to the medicine cabinet, or even administer medicine, in the dark; you may

get the wrong bottle and take a poison by mistake! Always read

the directions carefully before administering medicine, and be sure that you have the right bottle. You cannot be too careful in

this respect. Carbolic acid is often taken by mistake for alcohol,

and poisonous antiseptic tablets mistaken for common cathartic and headache tablets.

While visiting with a family, at one time, I happened to notice their twoyear-old child coming out of the house with a bottle of poisonous bichloride of mercury antiseptic tablets in its hand. I

immediately took the bottle away from the child, calling the father's attention to what the child had. The bottle was labeled poison,

so that any grown person, in reading the label, would readily know it was dangerous, but the child, being too young, did not know.

Therein comes the necessity of your safely locking all medicines away from the reach of children, which I explained to the parents of this particular child.

Parents should be very careful what they give the smaller children to play with. They are apt to swallow small articles,

often choking to death. Never give a child your purse to play with

without having previously removed all small coins.

The education of the public in general towards carefulness is very essential aid in the elimination of accidents both at home and in public places or conveyances. Too often many accidents

are due to our improper methods, aided by our contributory negligence or thoughtlessness. Accidents are generally unforeseen,

and often happen when least thought of, or expected, yet we may often avoid, and many times prevent, these needless accidents by necessary precautions.

I submit for your consideration accounts of various household accidents taken from the newspapers

Garfield, Utah.—One year old babe left alone for few minutes one

evening by father and mother. Pulled off table cover, upsetting the

lamp. Babe and house destroyed by fire.

Garfield, Utah.—Woman left a bottle of carbolic acid on the table.

A neighbor's child wandered in, drank the acid and died next day.

Salt Lake City, Utah.—Girl five years old was painfully injured

by dropping an ax, with which she was playing, nearly severing one of her fingers. The child was taken to the hospital for treatment.

Twin Falls, Tdaho.—Boy two and a half years old had a very narrow escape from death by hanging. While playing in a swing and

twisting the ropes the child in some manner got the rope twisted about

"SAFETY FIRST"59

his neck, strangling him. A physician was called and the boy was

saved.

Salt Lake City, Utah.—Mother twentyone years old was severely

burned about the face, hands and body by an explosion of kerosene, while attempting to start a fire in a stove. Some live coals in the grate

caused the explosion. She died in the hospital two days later.

Salt Lake City, Utah.—Girl three years old died from burns received by getting too near a cook stove. Her clothing caught fire,

burning her so severely that she died five hours later.

Illinois.—A family was moving into a rented house. While attempting to move the piano with a lighted lamp on top, the lamp

was tipped over, causing a fire in the room, destroying some of the furniture.

Salt Lake City, Utah.—A mother fell down an embankment in

front of her home and died the next day from the injuries sustained.

Note: The lawn in front of the house extends to a concrete wall

at the street. There was no fence nor railing provided.

Salt Lake City, Utah.—Mother aged 60 fell from the veranda of

her home, sustaining a compound fracture of her right arm.

Note:Missouri.—AThere motherwas no railingsent heraroundfiveyear-oldthe veranda.boy to get some kindling. The little fellow exceeded her instructions by placing the wood

by the stove and starting the fire. He saturated the wood with gasoline. An explosion resulted when he applied the match. This sudden

blaze would probably have been enough to have severely burned him, but in the meantime he had left the gasoline can remaining on the top of the stove. A terrific explosion followed. He was so severely

burned that he died within a few hours, and the mother was painfully burned while attempting to rescue the child.

Eureka, Utah.-—A fire which started in the bedroom of a home of

one of the residents, through carelessness in the use of matches by their children, almost completely ruined their home and furniture.

The following statistical report from the state of Indiana for the year 1913 is very interesting, yet very appalling when noting the amount of needless and careless fires and accidents that are enumerated therein

917 fires caused by sparks from chimneys and flues 562 """carelessness with matches 762 """defective flues and chimneys '""overheated stoves and furnaces 496 "325 """spontaneous combustions (rubbish in basements and closets) 367 """improper handling of gasoline 194 """defective electric wiring 117 """smokers'carelessness 139 """kerosene lamp explosions 400 """bonfires, burning rubbish and gas jets placed too near wood.

Four hundred people were burned to death in Illinois during the year 1913. The majority of these fatalities was due to the

erossest form of carelessness:

60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

65 people burned to death by careless handling of kerosene and gasoline 55 """""clothes igniting from bonfires 40 """""starting fires with kerosene 40 """""playing with matches 45 """""clothing catching fire from stoves and grates 9 """"from carelessness smoking in bed 5 """""stove polish explosions 5 """""sparks from the crackers

GARFIELD, UTAH

Helping the Stranger

As we travel through the city,-

And through land that's strange and new,

We have learned to doubt the stranger,

Those we trust are very few;

And we wonder why we're greeted

With a halfsuspecting smile, Never thinking that within us We are doubting all the while.

Stop and think wherein the fault lies,

Ere you censure those you meet;

When it's needed, help the stranger;

And as you greet him, he will greet.

Yet 'tis hard when we have trusted,

And been wronged by friends thought true,

To establish faith and justice

In someone we never knew.

Men are born with equal footing,

Judge not the many by the few;

Some have failed to get the training

That to all mankind is due.

Then, lift up the weak and fallen,

Help them see the better side.

They, perhaps, have found no friendship,

None in whom they could confide;

Oft we're far from friends and kindred,

And we feel that no one cares;

And 'tis then we need some friendship,

Just a smile may help the snares.

There's a Power can help us, When the world has ceased to care;

Then, let us help the ones that need it,

And our paths will not seem bare.

choteau, okla.

Effie Haskins The Lesson Taught by a Healing

BY GEORGE F. RICHARDS, OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES

"But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."—Acts 10:35.

I relate the following experience to show that want of age is no bar to the obtaining of favor with the Lord and the exercise of the powers of the priesthood.

When I was fifteen years of age I was permitted to receive the ordination of an elder and my endowments in the Endowment

House, in Salt Lake City. When I was seventeen, my mother had

a very serious and extended sickness. One Sunday when she was

groaning with pain, we invited the bishop and several other brethren to come to our home after the ward meeting, and they and members of our family present kneeled, prayer was offered, and then the ordinance was performed of anointing with oil and sealing the anointning and praying for my mother.

She had frequently been administered to before, and had received blessing therefrom, but on this occasion she seemed to get no relief, and in the midst of her distress and suffering, soon after the brethren had left us, she asked me to lay on hands and pray for her. In the midst of my tears for my mother's sufferings

and the task of performing an administration such as I had never yet done, I retired to another room, and wept and prayed. When

I had become composed, I returned to the sick room, and in a few humble, simple words I performed that sacred ordinance as best I knew how. I had the saitsfaction of witnessing the power

of the Lord therein, for my mother ceased her groaning, and received relief from her suffering while my hands were yet on her head.

I make humble acknowledgment of the mercy and goodness of the Lord, as shown forth on that occasion. I have always

since felt that the fact that my mother did not get the relief we hoped for, from the administration of the bishop and other brethren, was not because there was anything wrong with any one of them, or that the Lord did not want to honor the priesthood in them; but the blessing was reserved to be given in answer to

the prayer and administration of a boy, who had been honored to bear the priesthood, to teach that boy the lesson that that priesthood in the boy is just as sacred and potent as in the man, when that bov lives as he should, and exercises it in righteousness.

> \p#

| A "y \

VERNAL M. I. A. SCOUTS

Top: signaling; center: rendering first aid to a scout who was hurt;

bottom-, their position in the face of the cliff in the cave.

Tht\M. I. A. Scouts of Vernal, Utah

Under direction of Stake Deputy Scont Commissioner J. Vernon Smith, and Scout Masters Lyman Thompson and Zelph

Calder, twentyfour registered scouts participated in a week's encampment in Brush Creek canyon, in August. Teams carried the

equipment, but the boys "hiked''all the way. Every moment of

signaling,the six days was occupied by scout activities—trailing,

exploring, cliff scaling, swimming, stalking wild animals, athletic contests, etc. The boys responded readily to all regulations of

a. m., and taps at 9 p. m. Tencamp discipline—reveille at 6

Tenderfoot scouts passed the required examination admitting them to Second Class standing, during the encampment. The daily

good turn was not forgotten, and one of these included the repair of a bad washout of the county road. By means of staves

and ropes, the boys climbed to a cave, fifty feet up the face of a cliff, and had their pictures taken. At sunrise, each day, the flag

was raised and saluted. In the evening the boys gathered around

the big campfire where stories and songs were enjoyed for an hour, and just before "turning in,"they circled around the dying embers with bowed heads and joined in evening prayer.

I. A. SCOUTS—SIGNALING FIRST TROOP SMITHFIELD, UTAH, M.

HowA to Enjoy Life

BY DR. CHARLES L. OLSEN

There are many different views as to how and when one should give way to sense enjoyments, rather than to those springing from the faculties of the soul. And why the difference in

views? Because of difference in minds. Some people are prone

to consider any pleasure traceable to the senses as being sinful and essentially degrading. Such views must be left out of consideration.

All thoughtful people agree that it is both right and proper to "enjoy"life, to feast upon the beauties of creation as perceived through the natural senses. But how and when? This strenuous

life of ours and the modern, exacting mode of living often preclude the very thought of relaxation more than is absolutely demanded by nature for regaining muscular strength and nervous tone. A great many of the toilers in this human hive never think

of anything beyond such compensation. Yet they should; for of

all men the toilers are in greatest need of recreation.

Many really intend spending, before they die, part of their time in recreation. But they sing, and they sing: "There is time

enough for that,"and so the selfpromised enjoyment is postponed from time to time. Naturally, men differ as to the most opportune period for recreation. Some aim to "enjoy life,"say when

they are fifty years of age. Some parents look longingly forward

to the time when their children shall have grown up, and fancy that they shall then have an opportunity to fully enjoy existence.

Others, again, put the matter off until their conditions in general time, when they shall be better off shall be more favorable—some

financially; when the farm is paid for, perhaps, or when all debts

are liquidated, and the mortgages are lifted; when the youngest

child has graduated from college; when an exceptionally hard

ordeal is over, or an unpleasant experience is past. Under those

conditions, one might just as well, now as later on, give up all hope of ever experiencing recreative pleasure, because diversions so long planned for are seldom realized. Untoward conditions

likely at any time to overtake privation, sickness, accidents—are

us. The grains of sand in one's hourglass may even run out

much sooner than anticipated.

Right'now, today, is the time to enjoy life, for tomorrow never comes. Parents, particularly, need this reminder. The

youth of today need not be reminded, for they are certainly taking

II()W TO ENJOY LIFE 65

their share of enjoyment—full measure, pressed down and running over. But you, father or mother, go visit that old sister of

yours, whom you have not seen for so many years; and who is so

anxiously waiting for you. Go and see her now before she dies,

when you will be compelled to attend her funeral—for decency's

sake. Perhaps you are waiting for your son to finish school, so

that he can do the work at home, while you take a trip visiting the brother you played with fifty years ago. He is ageing evenday; so are would better go now you,—you

You overworked mother, who so early this morning arose, and by this time has done the family washing. This you did

while those almost grownup daughters of yours were at school, or in "Gym,"or taking their music lessons. Now that the horse

is hitched up and your husband, or your thoughtful son Johnny, insists upon your taking a ride, don't say: "Oh, no; I have not

the time for such a luxury; I must now start in and iron these

clothes; they are already dry, you see. Then I must hurry and

get supper, for when the girls come home they have so man) lessons to get."Rather say: "Yes, thank you; you're right. I

will; I have made up my mind to have some enjoyment, to take

some little pleasure, every day of my life."Put your coat on,

and tie a veil over your hat. Stop for no primping. Get in the

buggy or auto and take the ride. View the beautiful landscape

enjoy the marvelous panorama of nature; fill your lungs with

tension.pure, lifegiving oxygen; relax for once—loosen the

Learn to appreciate and take advantage of your common opportunities. Few can afford the luxury of enjoyments bought

with dollars and cents. Such enjoyment, anyway, is more imaginary than real. Mansions, servants in livery to bow and

scrape, the costliest equipages, Mediterranean cruises, or circumshort, any and all contrivances and innavigating the globe,—in

ventions signally fail in their purpose, because a kind and impartial Father has so ordained it, that his children cannot obtain real enjoyment by such means.

The firmament above, with its countless orbs; the earth in all

its splendor, with her teeming millions; the majestic mountains

and their lofty peaks; the vast expanse of the mighty ocean, with

all are, to be sure, grandits foaming billows and surging tide—

beyond compare, and are inspiring in their nature. They bear

of the unlimited not by any means silent—evidencemute—though

power and indescribable greatness of the Majesty on high. But

witnessing such unfathomable grandeur in nature may not constitute enjoyment to many mortals; for it may be far and away

beyond their conceptions. It may be too grand for puny man.

True enjovment is found in appreciating as well the little things of life.

66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

So, let us enjoy the small, everyday pleasures; for these are

within the reach of all. We should train our mental faculties not

only to understand and find pleasure in the grander objects of nature, but so that we can find enjoyment and relaxation from our daily grind in the more simple surroundings, like the scent of flowers; rolling on the lawn; sitting under the shady tree; gazing

at the twinkling stars; in a walk, or a ride; a friendly call, or in

visiting a neighbor, and in the innocent prattle, frolic, and play of children.

You wearied mother; don't say, "I shall be so glad when my

child is grown up, for he gives me no end of work."Try rather

to enjoy his simple ideas while he is young; rejoice in his tenderness, and strive to look for his lovable traits; be glad that you have

him as a child. These remembrances will be a comfort to you

when his childhood years are gone. Ah! the tender mother heart

How it is filled with love, and what real enjoyment the mother finds in gazing upon the little mite of humanity, her baby boy:

"My baby boy upon the pillow lies,

Wonder forever old, forever new;

And as I gaze, he opens wide bis eyes,

Like violets kissed by dew.

"They seek my face with love and rapture filled;

That look of tenderness how well T know

The same his father wore, whose life death stilled

Only a year ago.

"Ah! will his boy be like him when he grows

To be a main, afar from home's caress?

Will he be nobler, braver, when he knows

His father's worthiness?

"His work is not begun; may he decide

On one true Guide to lead him through life's days;

Oh, may he stand the test when souls are tried.

And follow virtue's ways.

"And yet I dread the hour when manhood calls:

He will not be as now my little child.

So sruarded by his dear home's hallowed walls

Where love and mother smiled.

"B: i t now, while he is mine and only mine,

I'll fold him closely in warm arms of love,

And feel the joy the world, ere I resign.

Can never rob me of."

in the enjoyment of And that is right: "feel the joy"—revel

your little one, today; tomorrow may be too late.

Let us remember that fate has favored only few with wealth, and those who are thus favored tell us that the quiet, simple

HOW TO ENJOY LIFE 67

pleasures within the reach of us all are the best. Therefore, let

us appreciate the simple enjoyments we may find in our way. Let

the rays of the sun warm our hearts and gladden our souls, and bringblessings to us and our surroundings.

You hardworking father and faithful provider, don't put off that longsince wellearned vacation. Don't wait until you have

lived and struggled the required number of dreary, long winters to be reckoned ripe enough in years to have the honor of being "taken along"on an Old Folks'outing; don't wait, I say, for this

excursion, until your years of manly intelligence are all passed, when, like a boy you sit down in the grass, laughing at your own childish jests, and allow yourself to be crowned like a courtfool with wreaths of flowers, and to be otherwise "decorated"—to the

amusement of children and the merriment of the young and giddy.

Get some real, though innocent, enjoyment out of your life, now, while it means something to you, and is of some value, both to yourself and to those with whom you live. For surely [Ecc.

12], "The years draw nigh, when "thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them [one gets old], * * * when the keepers of the house [the head of the household] shall tremble [with infirmity], and the strong men shall bow themselves [i. e., men, who

used to be strong and straight shall be bent over with age], and the grinders cease because they are few [of the teeth, but few are left, and those few cease to 'grind; or to masticate the food propbe [vision, darkened—'looking'erly], and thosethroughthat thelookorbitsout ofofthethewindowseyes as one would through

windows,—grows dim]; * * * also when they shall be afraid

of that which is high, [one's agility is lacking—one dare not trust

himself to take a high step], and fears shall be in the way [selfconfidence is gone], * * and desire shall fail [one no longer cares for anything in particular]: because man goeth to his long home

[he dies], and the mourners go about the streets"[i. e., the bereaved and others who attend the funeral, go "to their several

places of abode"].

And that is the end of earth life. See?

MURRAY, UTAH

Wireless telephone communication across the continent was accomplished for the first time, September 29, when the human voice was successfully transmitted from the naval plant at Arlington,

Virginia, to Mare Island, California, 2,500 miles away. Communication from New York to California and from New York to the Panama

Canal was also established. "The problem of transoceanic communication has been solved; also the baffling problem—a perfect connection

between the telephone wire and the wireless ether,"making it possible eventually to connect every telephone with an air line for anywhere.

Three Points in the War

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

The Drive to Constantinople

to The Germans have made two celebrated drives—the one

Paris, that was lost in the Battle of the Marne, the other on the eastern front, which drove the Russians out of Poland. Was the

Russian drive a failure? In so far as it annexed territory, no;

but in so far as it accomplished what the Germans had in mind, yes. They hoped to make their battles with the Russians decisive

by the capture of the Russian army, if not the whole, in such a considerable part as to permanently weaken the forces of the

Czar. Germany must get out of her present confines. That great

military nation is somewhat like a caged lion. It has bent the bars

and twisted them in a frightful manner, but will it escape? Its

escape into France seemingly has been abandoned. The French

army remains intact. Its attack on Russia is postponed, and it

looks as if the postponement were indefinite.

The third great drive is in the direction of Constantinople.

If Germany can cross the Balkan mountains, move down over the plains of Macedonia into Constantinople, it has only to cross the

Bosphorus to reach the terminal of its great Asiatic highway, the

Bagdad railroad. Thence it can transport troops across Asia

Minor down the rivers Tigris and Euphrates to the very gates of

India. It can further turn off at Damascus and use the Mecca

railroad to get its troops near Egypt. This move is distinctly one

against England, and the English will now be put upon their mettle. France has suffered a German drive; Russia has suffered a

German drive. It is now England's turn.

While it is distinctly a drive for the most part against England, it is also a menace to Italy, even though in a lesser degree.

One can hardly doubt that, as this movement menaces Great

Britain, the empire will resort to conscription. England will need

at least an additional million troops. One wonders if the new

drive will really wake up England.

What is of more importance in this drive to Germany than its advantages of England, is the fact that it will open one of the richest colonial empires the world has ever known since the settlement of the early colonists in America. Asia Minor has in abundance all those natural resources of which Germany stands so

THREE POINTS IN THE WAR 69

greatly in need. For Asia Minor, the Germans could well afford

to surrender every advantage that they have gained elsewhere, and once their armies are settled in that region, German protectorate over the country will be permanent, and its exploitation of Asia

Minor will begin in full force.

The Greek Attitude

That the Greek people by a large majority favor the Allies in the present war, their vote at a recent election in that country conclusively proves. Venezuelos, so strongly in favor of the

Allies, when compelled to resign by the attitude of King Constantine, was returned to power when he appealed to the country, by a very substantial majority, and people are now wondering why

Greece stands aloof,—why Venezuelos has been compelled again

to resign his position, and why his majority in the Greek parliament is not so large as when he first returned to power.

During the second Balkan war Greece entered into an alliance with Serbia, as against Bulgaria, and is under treaty obligations to join Serbia in case Bulgaria attacks that country. But a new

condition has arisen. Bulgaria is a secondary consideration. Germany and Austria are the paramount interests involved. That

change of phase, however, though used as an explanation by many

Greeks, does not change the determination of the war party in that country to support Serbia if Bulgaria throws her armies in favor of the Germans. A few deputies may have left Venezuelos

by that interpretation of their treaty. That, however, which has

done most to weaken Venezuelos in the Greek parliament has been his advocacy to the king of certain concessions of territory in

Macedonia to the Bulgars, and he is even willing to go so far as to surrender the ports of Kavala, on the Aegean sea to the Bulgars. There is a radical element that heretofore has supported

Venezuelos that has emphatically declared that it would not yield to the concession of a single foot of land to the Bulgarian government. Such concessions, however, were not merely asked for

by the Bulgars, but the entente powers have asked Greece to make them, and in return have promised, in case of their victory, to give

Greece the southeastern part of Asia Minor, a strip of country containing about a million Greeks. (Statistics in the Turkish empire are made up of estimates called guesses.) The change in the

Greek parliament in its attitude toward Venezuelos, by a long way the ablest man in Greece, does not mean that the Greeks themselves are not still in favor of the Allies. The king is on the side

of the Germans. He is influenced largely by one of the shrewdest

women in Europe, Queen Sophia, the sister of Emperor William.

The Greeks may take time for another election. If the situation

becomes serious before there is time for another election, one of 70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will yield, or there will be a revtwo things will happen—the king

olution.

The Germans FarSeeing

When the governments of the Balkan countries were organized, the Germans manifested an ardent desire, if not determination, to put German princes on the thrones. The Balkan nations

had formed in a large measure constitutional monarchies based upon the patterns of England and France. England, with its

constitutional monarchy, really did not have much apprehension about the power of the king. England believed that the will of

the people would prevail. Circumstances have demonstrated England's mistake. The people of Bulgaria today are at heart altogether in favor of Russia and England, and it is believed that they

would bring a revolution before they would fight against their oldtime friends. King Ferdinand himself a German, and the military leaders proGerman, notwithstanding the fact that they are

in the minority, are, after all, guiding the affairs of state in Bulgaria. If they can carry on a war on the side of the Germans,

without a revolution, there can be little doubt which way the Bulis the question.gars will go. Will they risk a revolution?—that

The king and the prime minister Radosslavoff are wealthy men. The king, it is said, is a millionaire, and has his wealth invested in Austria, chiefly. He has been threatened with confiscation of his wealth if he joins the Allies, or does anything unfriendly to the Germans. His prime minister is in a similar condition.

German influence, in a lesser degree, in the royal family is now shown in Roumania, and in Greece. No doubt, after this, the allied

powers when it becomes necessary to make kings, and to establish royal houses, will see to it that the Germans do not get a monopoly of efficiency in case of war. royalty—they minimize

Much fruit went to waste in Utah and other states, this fall, because the expense of marketing amounted to more than the fruit was worth. An exchange says that'a single pile of peaches grown in

Guthrie, Oklahoma, contained four thousand bushels, and was left to rot. Oklahoma grew three thousand carloads of peaches this year.

Millions of dollars'worth of fruit has perished on the farms of this country, and yet it is said that peaches in New York sold all summer and fall for from two to five cents a piece. Even in Salt Lake,

on Market Row, peaches sold from two to 'five cents a pound while hundreds of bushels were rotting in orchards only a few miles away.

There is something radically wrong in the distribution of farm products. Acres of fruit trees are being torn up in Utah owing to the discouragement of the farmers in finding markets for the fruit.

Editors'Table

General View of Church Conditions*

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH

Blessings Enjoyed by the Saints

I am delighted and most thankful for the privilege I enjoy of being with you to attend our 86th semiannual general conference of the Church. I am thankful, also, to see the very large

number of our brethren and sisters who are assembled here this morning, and I sincerely hope that throughout our conference sessions the Spirit of the Lord may pervade our meetings and influence those who shall speak to us; and bless everything that

may be done for the upbuilding of Zion and for the continuance of the work of the Lord.

I feel today, as I have always felt at the opening of our conferences, that the Church was never in a better condition spiritually or temporally, since its organization, than it is today. I believe that the people have never been more united nor come nearer

seeing eye to eye on doctrine and policy and principle than they now do. I cannot recall the time when the Church, or the members of the Church, were more prosperous temporally than they are

now. The earth has been blessed of the Lord. It has been made

fruitful to those who have toiled upon it and tilled it; the people

have reaped a bounteous harvest this season, the elements have been propitious, and all things seem to have conduced to the wellbeing, happiness and prosperity of the people throughout the length and breadth of the land. There is no great reason for wonderment that under these circumstances the adversary is active on

the other side, and that his satanic majesty is still alive; he is not

dead, nor is he conquered, but to a very large extent his power is curtailed. He cannot now inflict upon us the trouble and injury that he once did; neither can the agencies do so whom he

employs in the work of opposition to the truth. I believe that

from year to year this increase in the power of truth, and decrease in the power of evil, will grow in greater proportion, both as to the prosperity and happiness of the people of God, and also as to the curtailment of the power of their enemies, until the power

*Qpening remarks at the SemiAnnual Conference of the Church.

October 3, 1915.

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of God shall prevail throughout the land; and the power of the

adversary will wane, and truth will triumph and righteousness will reign.

I feel very thankful for the general good health that prevails throughout the land, among all the people. It is true the great

reaper, Death, has gathered some of the aged, the weak and infirm from among us, but our number has continued to increase from month to month and from year to year. I pray that the blessings

of the Lord may abundantly rest upon his people, and upon all the people of our land. We live in the midst of our great country,

and our interests continue unabated in the welfare and prosperity of all the people of our land, from ocean to ocean, and from the north to the south; not only toward our own people but our

desire and our prayers are that all the people of the earth may be blessed of God, that they may so conform to his will and so unite themselves together in good works and upright purposes that they may be worthy of his favor and blessing'.

We earnestly plead and hope and pray that the spirit of peace may come upon the warring nations of the earth, that they may cease their strife one against another and learn the peaceable things of the kingdom of God. We would that it were possible

for our elders and messengers of truth to penetrate every land and nation upon the earth, and carry to them the olive branch of peace, the principles of life, and the opening of the door of salvation to all the inhabitants of the world.

Grozvth of the Church

I have a few items to be mentioned at this meeting and I will read them Since our last conference we have organized four new stakes.

Curlew, North Davis, Portneuf and Raft River, are the names which have been given to these four newly organized stakes of

Zion. Of course, these new organizations are offshoots of older

organized stakes. The people are increasing, spreading out, and

settling upon the land. Therefore, it becomes necessary, to insure the proper teaching and organization of our young as well

as the old, that new stakes should be organized to give opportunity for the people to enjoy the benefits and privileges of Church organization.

There have been organized twelve new wards, and five branches not connected with any wards. We have a number of

branch organizations which are a part of wards, and are looked after and presided over by the bishops of the wards, a presiding elder being appointed over the branch; but in this mention thev

are independent branches, and are rapidly growing into sufficient numbers and strength soon to be organized into wards.

EDITORS* TABLE 73

There are now seventytwo organized stakes of Zion with 764 wards and thirtyeight branches, which are not connected with any ward, making a total of 803 wards and branches.

During the past six months there have been changes made in the presidency of the Tahitian Mission, Ernest C. Rossiter succeeding Franklin J. Fullmer; and in the Japan Mission, Joseph H.

Stimpson succeeding Heber Grant Ivins.

During the current year eighty wards have been assisted in erecting ward meetinghouses, amusement halls, or to pay for indebtedness incurred on such buildings already erected; and we are

continually receiving applications for assistance in the erection of new meetinghouses in the newly organized wards. We are

continually contributing, out of the funds of the tithing so far as we have it at our command, to fill the promises that we have made to the various wards of the Church who are erecting their houses. We give to them from month to month, or from time

to time, as they demand, and as they raise their proportion, that which we have promised to them. We have a large amount on

our records which has been promised, and which is gradually being drawn upon.

Church Schools and Education

I am happy to say, so far as the records show, that the tithing funds of the Church have been a little over the average of 1914.

So far throughout this year (1915), the tithing funds have been a little in advance of those of the previous year. This is certainly

very necessary, as the work is growing, the demands upon the

Church are increasing, our schools are enlarging, and needing; we have already appropriated a verymore and more assistance

large sum of the yearly tithing to maintain our various Church schools. These schools need no praise from me on this occasion.

Those who are associated with them or live within the stakes where they are conducted have come to realize what a great benefit they are to the youth of Zion. and we hope that they will

continue to be conducted in the spirit of the gosped of Jesus

Christ. The object, I may say almost the only purpose, for the.

maintenance of Church schools is that true religion and undefiled before God the Father, may be inculcated in the minds and hearts of our children while they are getting an education, to enable the heart, the soul and the spirit of our children to develop with proper teaching, in connection with the secular training that they receive in schools.

my I hope that I may be pardoned for giving expression to real conviction with reference to the question of education in the

State of Utah. The government of the State has provided for

the common schools up to the eighth grade, and meets the general 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

expenses of these schools. The treasury of this state has provided for one of the best universities that can he found in any

state in the Union; thoroughly equipped for the highest education

in the land. The State Legislature has also provided, out of

the State treasury, for an agricultural college, a most worthy and efficient institution of instruction and training for the youth of the people of the state. In addition to these, we are having forced upon

the people high schools throughout every part of the land. I believe that we are running education mad. I believe that we are

taxing the people more for education than they should be taxed.

This is my sentiment. And especially is it my sentiment when

the fact is known that all these burdens are placed upon the tax payers of the state to teach the learning or education of this world. God is not in it. Religion is excluded from it. The Bible

is excluded from it. And those who desire to have their children

receive the advantages of moral and religious education are excluded from all these state organizations, and if we will have our children properly taught in principles of righteousness, morality and religion, we have to establish Church schools or institutions of education of our own, and thus the burdens of taxation are increased upon the people. We have to do it in order that our

children may have the advantages of moral training in their youth.

I know that I shall be criticized by professional "lovers of education,"for expressing my idea in relation to this matter.

Care of the Worthy Poor We are striving to the best of our ability to provide for the poor; that is, for God's poor. You know there are several kinds

of poor, and we want to provide out of the funds of the tithing and of the offerings of the Saints as far as we possibly can, for the honest and the worthy poor, and not for the drunken poor or for those who bring poverty, and distress upon themselves by "riotous living,"extravagance, folly and sin. They should be put to

work by some means or power, and kept at work until they learn to abstain from that which is vicious, and they will observe and do that which is essential to life and to the wellbeing of mankind. I am not prepared to give you exact figures with reference

to our fast offering fund, but it would be safe to say in view of past references to this matter, that if the Latterday Saints would carefully, (I will not say honestly, because I do not believe they intend to be dishonest about it,) and thoughtfully observe the rule or law of fasting one day in each month, and give for the benefit of the poor just what it would cost them to maintain themselves and their families with food on that one day, we would have sufficient funds in the Church to feed all our poor without taking a dollar of tithing to do it. When it comes to the fact that the fast

EDITORS'TABLE 75

offering represents perhaps about three or four centsper head per year, it does not figure out to be a very inexhaustive fund, and does not, of course, meet the necessities of the really worthy poor.

Teaching in the Home I am glad to say that the policy to do ward teaching that has been urged upon the bishops and upon the bishops'counselors, and teachers is being carried out to a greater extent than heretofore.

It is advised that the bishops and their counselors themselves, by the aid of the teachers called to their assistance in their wards, shall visit every family within their ward, advise with them, and look after their temporal and their spiritual wellbeing. Not long

ago I happened to be at the home of one of my children when the teachers came in. We called the family together and submitted

ourselves to the duties of the teachers. The head teacher began

by saying that he had been sent there by the bishop of the ward to inquire into the condition of the members of the family. He

was instructed to inquire of them if they held family prayer, morning and evening, if they asked the blessing upon their food, at each meal. He was required by the bishop to inquire as to whether

they kept the word of wisdom, as to whether they attended to their

Sabbath meetings and honored the Sabbath day, as to whether those who were of age to attend the various other organizations of the Church, such as the Relief Society, the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, the Sunday

Schools, the Primary Associations, and the Religion Class, did so, and if they sustained in their hearts their bishop and his counselors and were united in feeling and sentiment with them, and if they were in harmony in their feelings and sentiment with the presidency of their stake. And as to whether they sustained, by their

faith and prayers, the presiding authorities of the Church, the

Presidency of the Church and the Twelve Apostles, the Patriarch, the Presidents of Seventies, and the Presiding Bishopric.

If they could pray for them in faith and in good feeling, and were in harmony with them. If they believed and observed the law of

tithing, and were at peace with their neighbors, etc. Then lie

asked that the head of the family should arise and open his heart to the teachers and tell them just what he had to say in relation to all these inquiries and requirements that were made of the teacher by the bishop. I admired it. I thought it was just the right thing

to do, and I approved of it, and so pronounced my approval of the thoroughness, the simplicity, and the honesty of the teacher to inquire into all these things. I was very happy indeed, to

see and hear the young man of the house get up and say that the family were endeavoring, to the best of their ability and knowledge, to comply with every requirement that was made of 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them as members of the Church in that ward, as required by the bishop. Then I took the liberty to say to the teachers that I was

pleased with their mission and with the performance of their duty, and to assure them that from the training and instruction that my children had had from their birth up, I felt quite sure that they would be found, wherever they were, complying with all the requirements that were there made. Namely: the keeping of

the word of wisdom, eschewing the use of intoxicating drinks, the use of tobacco, of strong and hot drinks, etc. The word of wisdom comprises all these things. Do you have your prayers? Do

you remember God, the giver of all the good you get and have in the world? Do you acknowledge his hand in all things, and do

you render the gratitude and thankfulness of your souls to the

Giver of every good and perfect gift? These are the questions

that we should put to the inhabitants and the homemakers in

Zion, to the family organizations in the Church. Is the husband

and the father conducting himself in such a way as to be worthy of the affection and confidence of his whole family? Is his conduct and his dealings with them such as will secure to him their

unstinted love and approval, Are the father and the mother living peacefully together, without strife or contention? Do the children live harmoniously and peacefully together in their homes, and

are they taught to be peaceful and gentle with their neighbors'children? All these things should be taught by the teachers in

the various wards, and by the bishops, visiting every house as far as possible, confirming the labors of the teachers in this work of love for the benefit of the inhabitants of Zion.

My brethren and sisters, these are some of the little things, perhaps. Some people would consider them trivial and of no importance, but I say there isn't anything that I know of in a man's

life that is more essential to his happiness, and to the happiness of those with whom he is associated, than these little amenities by which he shows his love and respect for others and he is respected and loved, and his presence is cherished, by those with whom he associates. The father comes home, and the children are glad to

see him; the mother welcomes him with all the affection of the

true wife and mother, for he is good and true, he does all in his power to provide a home for them, to make them comfortable and to add to their happiness and well being, also to provide for their education and their proper training and instruction. The

whole family is united, and the children grow up to honor their parents and say: "My father and mother were honest. They set

me the example of their lives. They taught me what was good,

and they practiced it. They set the example to me, as well as

taught me the precept of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and I love them for it. I will always love them for it."When they shall

go beyond, the children will carry with them forever a blessing

EDITORS'TABLE 77

for their parents. But the man who is rough, harsh, unkind and

thoughtless, the man who spends his time away from his home and his children, when he should be with them, or who is absent for pleasures of his own, or for associations that are not congenial to the family, what influence for good can he have with his children?

Will they not follow in his footsteps? Will they not emulate his

example? Will they not grow up to be even less observant of that

which is required by the Lord of his children than the parents were, because of the example set before them?

Personal Duty and Power of Presidency

Now, my brethren and sisters, my business, my duty, is to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ and him crucified and risen from the dead and sitting enthroned in power, glory and majesty on the right hand of his Father, our God. That is my business and my

duty, and I love to do that more than anything else in the world.

I would deplore and dread the thought that I am neglecting my duty towards those whom I love more than my own life. I can't

afford it. I must do the best I can, the best I know how, for those

whom God has entrusted to my care. I must also do my duty toward the people of God to whom he has willed that I should be a

humble minister and teacher of the gospel. It is my duty to set an

example, to plead with the people to live their religion. I ought to

pay my fast offering regularly, right along, as I pay my tithing when the end of the month comes I go and pay my tithing. Why?

So that I won't neglect it nor forget it, and that is one of the

of tithing. Are we honest with the Lord?thingshome—thethat paymentthe good teacher taught us the other evening at our

Do we remember him with the first fruits of our increase? If I

were as punctual in observing my fast, and as careful to do all I should do for it, and a little more than would be really. required of

me, as I try to be in paying my tithing, I believe I would feel better over it, but sometimes I am a hundred, or a thousand miles away from my ward on the fast day, and then I can't quite do it but the family at home can attend to their part of the duty when

I am away. It is my duty as the head of my family to set the

example before all the members of my household.

I have the right to bless. I hold the keys of the Melchizedek

Priesthood and of the office and power of patriarch. It is my

right to bless; for all the keys and authority and power pertaining to the government of the Church and to the Melchizedek and

Aaronic Priesthood are centered in the presiding officers of the

Church. There is no business, nor office, within the Church that

the President of the Church may not fill, and may not do, if it is necessary, or if it is required of him to do it. He holds the office

of patriarch; he holds the office of high priest and of apostle, of

78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seventy, of elder, of bishop, and of priest, teacher and deacon in the Church; all these belong to the presidency of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and they can officiate in any and in all of these callings when occasion requires.

God bless you. May peace abide and abound in Israel, from

the north to the south, and from the east to the west; and may

the favor and mercy of God be extended unto all the nations of the world to their restoration to peace and unity and good will, I humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Why a Temple ivas Built in Canada

I am reminded of one or two other items that I intended to mention. As you all know, we have been authorized and have

undertaken, to build a temple in Alberta, Canada, and we have already expended very large sums of money upon that building.

It is in course of erection and is progressing rapidly. The corner

stone was laid only a week or so ago. The walls are being put

up and it is nearing or will be nearing, soon, its completion, and readiness for the ordinances of the house of God. We took it

there—why? Perhaps just one instance that was brought to our

minds yesterday, or the day before, may illustrate. A young man,

who has filled a good mission and returned home, living away off in the northern part of British Columbia, still clinging to the faith and wearing the harness of his ministry, doing all that he can for the benefit of mankind, desires to get married and to be married right. He lives hundreds and hundreds of miles

away from a temple; he has been on a mission for years and has

exhausted all his means, he returns home almost penniless, and has found some good girl who is willing to enter life with him on the ground floor, and he says to us: "What can I do? I want

to begin a home for myself, it is according to the law of nature and of God, but I haven't the means to go to the temple. Will

it be right for me to be married here, and then when I get the means sufficient to go to a temple, go and be sealed for time and for all eternity?"

Well, what can you do under circumstances of that kind?

All we could do was to say to him: "Go to the nearest bishop or

elder of the Church that you can find, and with our permission and approval ask him to unite you in marriage for time, and as soon as you are able to reach a temple, where you can go to the altar and be united by the power of God, and not of man, for time and for all eternity, go and get your union sealed by the power of God that will unite you for eternity as well as for time, and will bring your children unto you under the bond of the new and everlasting covenant, as heirs of God and joint heirs with

Jesus Christ."What else could we say to him? Nothing else,

EDITORS TABLE 79

so we said it; but by and by we will have a temple up there, and

those who are in these circumstances will not be compelled to waste all their substance in travel to come to a temple here. We

were in hopes, not many years ago, of being'able to build another temple near the borders of the United States, in Mexico; but that

nation's unfortunate people, oppressed by rulers ambitious for power at the cost of the lives of their fellowmen, have driven out or expelled practically our people from their land.

A New Temple Authorised to be Built in Hawaii

Now, away off in the Pacific Ocean are various groups of islands, from the Sandwich Islands down to Tahiti, Samoa, Tonga, and New Zealand. On them are thousands of good people, darkskinned but of the blood of Israel. When you carry the gospel

to them they receive it with open hearts. They need the same

privileges'that we do, and that we enjoy, but these are out of their power. They are poor, and they can't gather means to come up

here to be endowed, and sealed for time and eternity, for their living and their dead, and to be baptized for their dead. What

shall we do with them? Heretofore, we have suffered the conditions that exist there, and have adopted the best measures that

we knew how, always looking to the better and fuller requirements of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Now, I say to my brethren and sisters this morning that we have come to the conclusion that it would be a good thing to build a temple that shall be dedicated to the ordinances of the house of

God, down upon one of the Sandwich Islands, so that the good people of those islands may reach the blessing of the House of

God within their own borders, and that the people from New

Zealand, if they do not become strong enough to require a house to be built, there also, by and by, can come to Laie, where they can get their blessings and return home and live in peace, having fulfilled all the requirements of the gospel the same as we have the privilege of doing here.

It is moved that we build a temple at Laie Oahu, Territory it, will please manifest it by of Hawaii. All who are in favor of

1 Contrary minded raising the right hand. [All hands raised.

by the same sign. I do not see a contrary vote.

I want you to understand that the Hawaiian mission, and the <rood Latterday Saints of that mission, with what help the Church can give, will be able to build their temple. They are a tithepaving people, and the plantation is in a condition to help us.

We have a gathering place there where we bring the people together and teach them the best we can. in schools and under the

1 tell you that various auxiliary organizations of the Church.

we (Brother Smoot, Bishop Nibley and 1) witnessed there some

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the most perfect and thorough Sunday School work on the part of the children of the Latterday Saints that we had ever seen.

God bless you. Amen.

"History of the Mormon Church"

Few people realize what difficulties are encountered by writers of history, and still fewer, what hours, days, months and years of patient labor are required to ferret out the essential items for record. Only those who have had such work to do can thoroughly

realize what it is to gather the scattered material, formulate it, weigh it, and make it available for historical use. A work has just

been completed by Elder B. H. Roberts, assistant historian of the

Church, which is a most distinguished achievement of this class.

Some years ago, July, 1909, the first chapter of The History of the

Mormon Church appeared in the Americana, published in New

York bv the Historical Society, David I. Nelke, president. Each

succeeding number of the Americana, up to June, 1915, which number has just come to hand, seventytwo in all, has contained a division of the great work. The large, printed pages number

2.745, with about 500 words to the page, making an average of

about forty pages to the number, a total of about 1.300,000 words

during the six years.

Aside from the text, the history is richly annotated, there being over four thousand references and notes. Every important

statement is sustained by a citation, or a reference to the original source of information. In fact, it may be truthfully said that all

important historical facts may be found in the original sources by following the references in this history. It may readily be conceived, therefore, that this great historical contribution to our

Church literature represents not only a valuable work, but enormous toil and long sustained effort on the part of the author.

When we remember, in addition, that Elder Roberts has edited and published, in the meantime, two volumes of a sixvolume series under the title The History of the Church, composed of a journal history of Joseph Smith the prophet, from the inception of the great Latterday work to his martyrdom in Carthage.

Illinois, in 1844'. the excessive tension under which he has labored

may to some extent be imagined. Within the same period, too.

the author has published the second volume of Defense of the

Faith and the Saints, which was printed in 1912, and is a book of 550 pages. In addition, also, in 191011-12, he wrote three yearbooks for the Seventies, being a heavy study course in theology

and beside 5; numerous spirited articles and published discourses.

The History of the Mormon Church without doubt repre-

EDITORS'TABLE 81

sents Elder Roberts'greatest literary achievement. This may be

truly said, notwithstanding there is no dissertation in our religious writings which in any way equals, in conception of thought and originality of argument, his treatise upon the Book of Mormon.

In The History of the Mormon Church every subject has received conscientious treatment and thorough consideration and analysis. When we consider in addition that the history has

been carried through nearly three thousand pages of a series that will make six volumes, the undertaking may well be considered a marvel of achievement as well as a valuable contribution to Church literature.

During the publication, in the Americana, the Dcseret News occasionally noted the progress of the work, and alluded frequently to the quality of fairness in the text and the breadth of treatment of the subject by the author. Here is a quotation from

an editorial January 2, 1915:

"The honest historian may not properly omit incidents which his readers and himself may feel would be better forgotten—it is his duty

to record that which transpires, not merely that which pleases his fanc}r or subserves his purposes. That Mr. Roberts accepts this conception has been many times demonstrated in the course of this history: and his censure like his praise, is bestowed with such bold impartiality that the unprejudiced reader is forced to applaud him for

his desire to be fair. His work will therefore go far toward correcting

misapprehensions which man}'authors seem desirous to perpetuate."

On the 15th of March the News again commented on a period of the history of the Church covering chapters 111 to 114, in which it was stated

"Elder Roberts has spared no pains in delving deeply into all reliable sources of -information, and his conclusions are set down with vigor and yet with fairness. The farther he carries his narrative the

more is the reader impressed with his fitness for the task he has undertaken. His work reflects great credit upon him: it is a most

valuable contribution to the history of the Great West."

On the 7th of August, this year, in reviewing chapters 1K> to 120, inclusive, the News stated, regarding the period covered by those chapters and relating to the time often referred to as "the raid:"

"It is not a pleasant epoch to contemplate, and not an easy one to describe, but its significance and consequences are so farreaching that it deserves full explanation and perpetuation on the printed page.

Elder Roberts has performed the task with excellent fidelity, his sense of fairness impelling him to seek information from all sources, whether friendly or hostile, and the result being that in his conclusions he has nothing extenuated nor aught set down in malice. Copious foot

notes and references give the authorities from which the main narra tive has been compiled and derived: and these are so exhaustive that

the 'History'will itself be considered an authority for all time to come."

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the whole, the work shows careful consideration of the text in every page. It is quite profusely illustrated with fine steel

engravings of prominent characters and places notable in the

Church and made prominent in the historical narrative. It is

understood that these illustrations alone have cost about $21,000.

The manner in which the history came to be published by the

American Historical Society is very interesting. In 1898 one

Theodore Schroeder wrote an article on the origin of the Book of Mormon for the Historical Magazine the predecessor of Americana, which appeared in four issues of that publication. These

articles were reproduced in the Salt Lake Tribune. Elder B. Ii.

Roberts asked the privilege of answering Mr. Schroeder who, bythe-by, supported the Spanieling origin of the Book of Mormon.

The editor of the Tribune, who at that time was Colonel Nelson, thereupon referred him to the Historical Magazine, suggesting that its publishers would perhaps be pleased to accept a paper in answer to Mr. Schroeder. Elder Roberts took the matter up

with the president of the Historical Society, Mr. Nelke, who gave

a guarded answer that they would publish an article in reply to

Mr. Schroeder, in the event of its being of sufficient polemical

value, and up to the standard of the magazine in literary quality.

This is exactly where Elder Roberts came to the front and answered the requirement. The article was written and published

in four issues of the Historical Magazine. It was then that the

publishers stated to the author that they would be willing to publish a history of the Church in detail if Elder Roberts would prepare it. They were informed that such a history of the "Mormon"

Church would perhaps be a larger undertaking than they were aware of. In answer the publishers replied that they were willing to undertake the work, and that they would either enlarge

their magazine or would change it from a monthly magazine to a bimonthly to make room for the undertaking. Under these

arrangements the publication of The History of the Mormon

Church was begun, but its length has largely exceeded the expectations of both the author and the publishers. Mr. Nelke,

let it be said to his credit, has persistently shown commendable zeal for the work, notwithstanding objections were raised against the publication on the part of some of the members of the Historical Society and others in high educational places.

It is expected that the history will in time be published in book form. It will make a set of about six volumes of between 500

and 600 pages to the volume. The author is at present engaged

in thoroughly revising the work, and checking it up with a view to publication in book form. While the annals of our history,

as a Church, are well recorded in detail, they are widely scattered in papers, records, documents and manuscripts, and one may well

EDITORS'TABLE 83

imagine, therefore, the toil and patience necessary to hunt out the facts from these original sources, condense them, and place them in form suitable for the reading public. The author is congratulated upon having achieved this purpose.

The history closes with these significant sentences "The controversies of the Church of the Latterday Saints, then, thatence—thehave relationshipperiod in whichto thisthe firstdominantgreat periodnote hasof beenthe Church'sa struggleexistforexistence—are ended. The victory is won for the Church. The

prophecy of Joseph Smith that the Saints would survive the period of their persecutions, and that there were men then listening to his words who would live to see the Saints become a mighty people in the midst of the Rocky Mountains—is now an accomplished fact.

"It remains for the Church of the Latterday Saints to enter upon the second period of her development with perfect confidence that her existence is assured; and that henceforth she has the two groat

things of her high mission to accomplish, viz., (I) to teach the truths

which God has committed to her by a reopening of the heavens and a renewal of revelations to an established Church, to an organized priesthood, thence to be proclaimed to every nation and kindred and tongue and people; and (2) to perfect the lives of those who shall

accept the truths so revealed to her, and thus assist in preparing men and the world for the personal coming and reign of the Christ on the earth. "He which testified these things [The Christ] saith, 'Surely T come quickly.'

"And we who write them respond in our heart "'Even so, come, Lord Jesus!'"

Thoughts in Brief

is character, a lack of char- "The basis of all human pursuit acter means loss and peril and death."Colliers.

In the probation room of the county court house at Santa

Ana, Orange county. California, there is a sign which reads:

"Blessed is the boy with a strict boss, and a hard task, for he shall learn many things that are kept from the fellow with a soft snap."

Writers for publication may well take to heart the statement is said to of a wise and busy Englishman, Walter Bagehot, who is meant by the whole craft have once stated in eleven words what: "The secret of style is to write like a human of letters. He said

being."Owing to the worldwide fame and achievements of Luther

Burbank 'his opinion on the use of stimulants is worth while.

It is a complete vindication of the Word of Wisdom. We

a number of quote what he says, as it has come to the Era m exchanges:

"I never use tobacco and alcohol in any form, and rarely coffee.

84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

or tea. l.can prove to you most conclusively that even the mild use

of stimulants is incompatible with work requiring accurate attention and definite concentration.

"To assist me in my work of budding—work that is as accurate

I have a force of twenty men. I haveand exacting as watchmaking—

to discharge men from this force if incompetent. Some time ago my

foreman asked me if I took pains to inquire into the personal habits of my men. On being answered in the negative, he surprised me by

saying that the men I found unable to do the delicate work of budding invariably turned out to be smokers or drinkers. These men, while

able to do the rough work of farming, call budding and other delicate work 'puttering,'and have to give it up owing to an inability to concentrate their nerve force. Even men who smoke one cigar a day

cannot be trusted with some of my most delicate work.

"Cigarettes are even more damaging than cigars, and their use by young boys is little short of criminal, and will produce in them the same results that sand placed in a watch will produce—destruction.

"Several of my young acquaintances are in their graves who gave promise of making happy and useful citizens, and there is no question whatever that cigarettes alone were the cause of their destruction. No

boy living would commence the use of cigarettes if he knew what a useless, soulless, worthless thing they would make of him."

Messages from the Missions

The Priesthood in Halifax Branch

Elder Earl S. Harper, Halifax, England, sends this photo of thirteen out of the sixteen local brethren holding the priesthood in that

branch of the Leeds conference. Three others are on duty for their

king and country. "The photo was taken just before Brother Scofield,

sitting in the center, the oldest member of the priesthood, emigrated

'f 1 Jp4jy % i i|k?? ** "mm W**m 4 K * A3IF,If f** f. % FT1 lAi VT Ni':? K*J if

1 jlTiaml.i &

* * 9 * ty

\ i i i l *N s > 1 *

* '—"wLJi *m p \m 1

EDITORS'TABLE 85

to Zion with his family. Elder John J. Haslam, of Wellsville, Utah,

is at the right, and Elder Earl S. Harper, Smithfield, is at Brother

Scofield's left. There is a branch of eighty -two members and aboul

twenty investigators, in Halifax. We feel to let the photo speak for

the activity of the Halifax branch."

Wood Work in the Maori College

Elder R. C. Allred of the

Maori Agricultural College, NewZealand, sent the enclosed photograph of Tauaiti Royal, and a chair of his own workmanship, which demonstrates the excellent work being done at that college. "The chair was donated

by the school to the war fund and sold at auction in Hastings, by the war fund committee, for eighteen pounds, or $86.40. The

purchaser was Takar Ihaia. The

native students of the school are doing exceptionally well in their work this year."

A Visit to Society Islands.

Elder J. Ervin Pearson, branch president of Takaroa, Society Islands, July 30: "Ernest C. Rossiter, the new president of the Tahitian

mission, made his first visit to the Society Islands, leaving headquarters at Papeete, July 10. Arriving at Apataki, some two hundred miles

out of Papeete, he met several of the Saints from Takaroa who had come there for supplies. They told him that they were very anxious

to meet him, and offered to take him there. He changed his course,

and after sailing two days in the little craft they arrived. After the

news of his arrival spread, some two or three hundred people came running out of their houses to meet him, and greeted him very warmly.

He was taken to the home of Brother Mapuhi, which is always open to the elders. On the day following, which was Sunday, there were

at eight, and at ninelarge meetitngs held—regular Priesthood meeting

o'clock the morning preaching meetitng, at which President Rossiter spoken in French. His language was translated by -Brother

Mapuhi, a very able and faithful man in the gospel. He spoke on the

comparisons between the people of the Book of Mormon and those of the South Sea islands. Sunday school was held at the ten o'clock, at

which the order and marching were very commendable. At three

o'clock the general sacrament meeting was held. In these islands

snowwhite pulp of the old cocoanut, which forms in the nut after it commences to sprout, is used in the service for bread, and the water from the young cocoanut is the symbol of the blood of Christ, in the administration of the sacrament. The Saints are to be commended for

Iheir strict observance of this sacred ordinance. At seven o clock a

86 IMPROVEMENT ERA - ># w--'- meetting for the young folks was held. This meeting is on the order

of our Mutual Improvement Associations at home. They first sing

the songs of Zion, and then give a lesson on Church history. President Rossiter said he had never seen a Mutual meeting conducted in a

A GROUP OF SOCIETY ISLAND SAINTS

more interesting manner. During the week Relief Socity and Primary mettings are held. These conditions are not only true of the

Takaroa branch, but of all the branches throughout the entire group.

All the elders are enjoying good health."

A Thriving Branch with a Good Meetinghouse

Elders Winfield Hurst, Woodville, Idaho, and P. Eugene Johansen, Castle Dale, Utah, of Gaffney, South Carolina, August 23: "The

people here as a whole are very friendly towards our cause, and we have a host of friends who are willing to entertain us and to hear the gospel truths explained. Conditions have greatly changed here in the

past twelve years. Up to 1903,

the elders were not allowed to stay here at all. Now we have

a thriving branch, fully organized, and about one hundred members, with prospects of several joining our cause in the near future. We have a good

meetinghouse, which was erected about two years ago. The

majority of the business men in the town assisted us in building it. Older members tell of the

many oersecutions they were subjected to, for accepting the living gospel, during the time when the people were so bitterly opEDITORS'TABLE 87

posed to 'Mormonism.'Some were driven from their homes in the

country by mobs, and were compelled to come to the city where they have assisted greatly in establishing the work of the Lord. Others

had their houses and all their possessions burned, but the persecutions tended to spread the gospel rather than to bring it to naught.

We feel that the Lord has greatly blessed us in the past, and that the cause is thriving in this district, and are glad and thankful to be bearers of his saving message."

The Auckland "Messenger"Elder Roderick Miller, Auckland, New Zealand, sends the enclosed photo of the editing staff of the Auckland "Messenger:"Left

to right: J. M. Rex, Spanish Fork; W. R. Beckstead, Provo, Utah;

R. L. Shumway, Taylor, Arizona, editor of "Tekaere;"Roderick

Miller, Shelley, Idaho, editor of the "Messenger;"Thomas Grimshaw.

Beaver, Utah, retiring editor of the "Messenger.""The 'Messenger'

and 'Takaere'are enjoying great success, and our mission papers are reaching the homes of many of the people in New Zealand, being the means of carrying the gospel over the land. We recently added an

Australian section to our paper, and are receiving some encouraging reports of the missionary work in our sister island. Thus a wider

held has been opened up, and as a consequence our mission paper is growing."A Correction In the September number of the Era, Elder G. Humphries was

erroneously credited with being president of the Maine conference, in an introduction to a message. In the message itself, however, M.

G. Kuhre the retiring president, and Lorenzo Standirird, successor,

were correctly named for these positions.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Suggestive Outlines for the Deacons

by p. joseph jensen

Lesson 38

'(Chapter XXXIV) Problem: What kind of work was nearest to the heart of the

Prophet Joseph Smith?

Name the different kinds of work yon do. What do you like to

do most? What kind of work do you think would be of most worth

to you? This does not mean that you are not to engage in other

kinds of work, but of the many kinds of work you may do, which will be of the most worth to you?

Study the lesson.

What kind of treatment do you think would be most commonly given a sheriff under circumstances like those in which the Prophet was put? What did the Prophet do for the sheriff? What did the

judge and attorneys do for the Prophet? What did he counsel the

Indians to do? What was he instrumental in doing for dead ancestors? What did he have the Relief Society organized for?

Answer the problem. Compare your answer with what the Lord

said would be of most worth to John Whitmer. See Doc. and Cov. 15.

What work is of most worth to us?

Lesson 39. (Chapter XXXV) Problem: What kind of conduct, or work, seemed to be close to

the heart of Joseph Smith's enemies?

Reread paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of chapter XVIII, page 78. Who

was opposed to the Lord's work? Read Moses 5:2933 (Pearl of

Great Price). Who advised the first murder? What does Satan try

to do with the Lord's servants?

Study Chapter XXXV and paragraphs 8-20, Chapter XXXVI.

Why did the Spirit of the Lord withdraw from John C. Bennett?

What then did he try to do to the Prophet? Whose influence

prompted Bennett? Name other men who made attempts on the

life of the Prophet. Contrast his treatment of his enemies with their

treatment of him. Who befriended the Prophet? Tell what our

Savior said would be the reward to those who are helpful to his servants. Answer the problem of the lesson. If we do not seek to

keep with us the Spirit of the Lord, what influence may prompt us to do evil?

Lesson 40 (Chapter XXXVI, First Six Verses)

Problem: How shall we know whether Joseph Smith was a

Prophet?

Tell what you think is necessary to prove a man is a prophet.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 89 On one occasion some men of ancient Israel went to Moses and said have heard We men in of some our gatherings prophecying, how shall we know whether are they true?"Moses answered "If the predictions come to pass, then are the prophecies true."

Study the lesson and the prophecy on war (Doc. and Cov. p 304)

What was the prophecy of Mr. Miller? What prophecy or statement

did Joseph Smith make concerning Mr. Miller's prophecy? Which

was fulfilled? What prophecy did Joseph the Prophet make concerning the coming of Jesus? Tell whether it was fulfilled. What

prophecy did he make concerning Porter Rockwell's safe return from his captors? Tell whether it was fulfilled. (See "Church History,"

Period I, Vol. 5, p. 305.) When was the prophecy on the Civil war

made? How long before the war began? What event caused the

Prophet to repeat it in 1843? What was the prophecy? Tell how it

was fulfilled. What predictions did the Prophet make concerning

Stephen A. Douglas? How was it fulfilled?

By what other means may we have faith that Joseph Smith was a

Prophet?

Answer the problem of the lesson. How may we strengthen our

testimonies on whether Joseph Smith was a Prophet of the Lord?

A Notable Example The Presiding Bishop's Office notes that President Joseph R.

Shepherd, of the Bear Lake stake, reports that "on a recent visit to

Laketown ward in Bear Lake stake he attended the teachers'monthly report meeting. Every family in the ward had been visited, every

teacher was present at the report meeting, and also every district was reported by printed slips."The example is a good one.

Can Any Other Ward Compare?

The Bishop of Penrose ward, Bear River stake, called at the

Presiding Bishop's Office recently to attend to some business, and during the conversation he incidentally reported that the Penrose ward had been organized five years. During that time, the ward

teachers had visited every family for every month for five years.

That is. they have had a 100% record every month for five years.

1912, 1913, 1914 and 1915. Is there any other ward in the Church

with a similar record?

Lists for Canvassers

The lists of subscribers for volume 18 have been sent to the stake superintendents who have forwarded them to the ward officers who are instructed to deliver them to the canvassers for the Improvement

Er\ All premium manuals will be mailed directly from this office to the subscribers this year. The manuals are on hand and will be

forwarded immediately on receipt of subscription lists. Subscription

blanks will be gladly furnished to any of the canvassers who are required to fill out the blanks carefully so as to eliminate possibilities nr error Agents should make a thorough canvass of each ward in the

Church giving every one an opportunity to subscribe. Besides doing

good foreign missionary work, the Era is of sufficient merit to war rant its being supported by every family in the Church.

Mutual Work

Stake Work

Opportunities in the M. I. A.

1. The Mutual Improvement Association teaches the principles of

the gospel in their practical application. It aims first of all to instill

faith in God and a testimony of the truth of his great latterday work.

2. It directs the social life of the young people of the Church by

providing wholesome amusement and recreation.

3. It provides opportunity for development in musical and literary

lines, storytelling, public speaking, boys'and girls'choruses, drama, contest work, and social activities.

4. It presents each year a course of carefully selected books for

home reading.

5. It publishes two magazines, the Improvement Era, and the

Young Woman's Journal.

6. It presents special lines of work—the Boy Scout and the Bee

Hive Girl movements.

7. It aims to direct young men in choosing their life's work.

8. It uplifts and dignifies the home, and teaches the Latterday

Saint woman to appreciate her position as homemaker.

The courses of study for the present year are:

Y. M. M. I. A.

Senior classes—"Conditions of Success."Junior classes—"Lessons on Success."

Y. L. M. I. A.

Senior classes—"The Latterday Saint Home."Junior classes—"Stepping Stones to Faith."

Live Topics for Officers

At the Bishop's Building, October 4, 1915, at 4:15 p. m., a general

meeting of the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. was held. There were

thirteen members of the General Board present, and thirtynine stakes were represented by sixtyeight representatives. The following short

program was carried out, after singing and prayer:

"Correspondence,"by Dr. George H. Brimhall; "Monthly Reports

of Stakes to the General Board,"B. S. Hinckley; "Publicity,"Edward

H. Anderson; "Department Work in Stake and Ward Officers'Meetings,"Oscar A. Kirkham; "The Great Essential in M. I. A. Work,"

President Heber J. Grant.

Here are some points given in the talk on Correspondence. Dr.

Brimhall treated his subject in four divisions—the sociological, the

psychological, the economical and the theological aspects. Under

the sociological division, Dr. Brimhall quoted one of the most perfect

gentlemen in our midst, of high rank in the Church, and one of our apostles who said: "A gentleman answers his letters."It is as much

out of place not to answer a letter as it is not to answer a verbal communication. Imagine if you can someone calling to you, and he

MUTUAL WORK 91

knows you hear but you simply disdain to reply, what will happen.

You may not disdain, but you simply go off talking, and attending to your business, and treat him with careless contempt. It is uncivil and

cruel to keep a correspondent on the anxious seat.

The psychological aspect: The neglected letter makes one ashamed

to meet the writer. Indifference to the just claims of the absent cultivates moral cowardice. It is often said: "I know that my letter can

be turned down more easily than I can."Well, it shouldn't be, if

your cause is just; and so we cultivate a sort of moral cowardice by

the unjust treatment of the absent. Attention to the claims of the

absent cultivates kindness, and his respect, as well as the respect of others. You let a boy neglect answering the letters to his mother,

and he will not love her with the tenderness that he will if he writes

. to her, keeps up a warm correspondence with her. Indifference

towards an object has a tendency to breed contempt for the object.

The economic side: Carelessness in correspondence cuts down a

man's courage. Carefulness in correspondence creates and keeps up

confidence. A neglected letter costs more time in thinking about it,

and energy in worrying about it, than it would take to write ten prompt answers I think this true with any courteous man: he cant help

but worry about a letter that he has neglected to answer.

The theological aspect: Do as you would be done by Do by

others as you would have others do by you. "Thou shalt love thy

neighbor as thyseelf."There is a good deal of sacnlegiousness in our

neglect of correspondence.

Here are five safety suggestions:

(1) Have a place for answered, and also one for unanswered,—ward meetings order of your business in the T'Haveheadings call secretary Let the correspondence. stake, etc., called unanswered

iOT collective receive official nature of an correspondence %) Let all of the the letters read president the is to say, let That consideration "of the e S -s eE%**rA"ofOSconside ratio,, refd "navLg'it offi afd m|de a matter SSeS?

miter of? nit StSlSttJ5K

COUn (4JLet all correspondence be proofread befor.: mailing Never

sleep for cooling *>"memory better has a that print %* "might one what write Xr:tZLAo

0t -penntennt "secretary general the? are XSSZSfa you the ward presidents of or stake the of the affront thethatJJP an way considered be it contemptuwould hut rele u ft reared, c sometimes. are men these

is dishonesty. Sar?tothc Cets ahTthird one

B S. Hinckley stated that there g wouldM

92 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Following are questions for October, which should be answered no later than November 1. Other questions will follow each month:

1. State how you have divided your work and its responsibilities

among the stake officers.

2. Report the number of stake officers and the subjects considered at the last stake officers'meeting.

3. What is your plan for securing an enrollment of 12% in the

wards of your stake?

4. How many of your wards have a receipt for 100% Fund?

5. What plan was most successful in your stake in securing subscriptions for the Era?

Elder Edward H. Anderson treated Publicity, showing the need

of advertising our activities. He named as mediums, newspapers,

bulletins in halls, leaflets, public gatherings, attractive announcements in Sunday School and ward meetings, and special M. T. A. papers.

He advised proper courtesy to stake and ward authorities so that they might become public advocates of our activities. He suggested that

the various topics for special consideration each month be advertised, and suggested for the opening meeting the following notice:

FREE FOR THE ASKING How to succeed! There is a theme for you. The Y. M. M. I. A.

of ward, is ready to tell you how; the association

will give you fifteen lessons on "Conditions of Success"during the winter course. The privilege is open to every earnest worker. Warm,

welllighted rooms, comfortable surroundings, and competent class is free. Problemsteachers will delight you while you learn—and all

and interesting discussions will be assigned giving you opportunity to learn how to express your thoughts in public.

Senior classes for all over seventeen, and junior classes for young men between fourteen and seventeen, subjunior classes for boys from twelve to thirteen. For the latter there will be stories, and lessons in

scout work. For the junior classes lessons on success are in story

form. All members are entitled to take part in the special work and

contests, debating, singing, drama, storytelling, and social activities.

Come and join us. President will tell you how.

Oscar A. Kirkham treated Department Work in Stake and Ward

Officers'Meetings. Department meetings should be held whenever

possible. The work may be classed under four headings as follows:

CI) The ward presidencies and their counselors, ward secretaries and treasurers. This department to be supervised by the stake superintendency, stake secretary and treasurer.

(2) The Senior class leaders and the vocation counselors, with the stake classstudy man and the vocation supervisor in charge of this department.

(3) The Junior class leaders and the Scout masters, with the stake juniorclass man and the stake scout commissioner in charge.

(4) The musical directors and those who have charge of the important work of preliminary programs, with the stake musical director and stake board member in charge of the programs, to supervise this department.

"You tan get more efficient work this way and fit your ward officers for their work more certainly than by touching a lot pf scattering generalities. Discuss definite problems. To make a success

you must have a definite time for opening and closing. Have one big

theme for each month, and have your stake officers prepared to work

MUTUAL WORK 93

out the ways and means, and suggest to ward officers how to handle the problems. Remember you are measured, not on how carefully

you assigned the work, but on what really is accomplished in the duties you are asked to perform. Plunge in, don't stick your toe in

like a backward bather, or you'll get cold feet. Get in and work and

you'll feel fine."

Elder Heber J. Grant stated that the one great object of the organization of the Mutuals was to make Latterday Saints, and that the

great essential in M. I. A. work was the spirit of the gospel. All the

activities are a mere means to an end, which end is the making of

Latterday Saints. We must have a love of the work in our hearts

as we cannot give to others what we do not possess. In order to

inspire we must be inspired.

A Model Opening From the "Bit and Spur,"volume 3, number 1, a bulletin which is the organ of the 31st ward M. I. A., Salt Lake City, we gather that

this ward has followed strictly the plan of the General Board for the opening of their association. During the week beginning Sunday,

October 10, they had three big events marking the opening of the season's M. I. A. activities, outlined in brief as follows:

Joint evening, Sunday, October 10, with special musical program:

Selection, "Night Song,"by the ward choir; vocal duet, "The Savior

Liveth,"Mrs. Enid Orlob and Mrs. Bessie Newman; soprano solo,

"Come Unto Me,"Miss Mildred Knight; violin solo, "Swan Song,"

Bert Garner; "God is Our Refuge,"by the ward choir. During the

evening an address was delivered by Elder Oscar A. Kirkham, M. I.

A. Field Secretary, in which the outlines for events two and three were

given. The house was crowded.

On Tuesday, October 12, the association had its opening session.

There were present all the class leaders for both the young men and the ladies, and the first lesson.was properly given in each particular

class. A sentiment at the close of the program read: "The members

are loyal; the mutual is royal; in the Thirtyfirst ward on Tuesday.

Join the M. I. A. and be connected with a success."

Event number three was a grand opening ball given at the amusement hall on Friday, October 15, beginning promptly at 8:30 p. m.

Slogan, "Be there, on time, everybody. It's the first—let's make it the

best of the season. The affair which everybody attends. It sets the

feel the exhilaration of youth and the pace. The time—when you

'joy of living'in the 31st ward. The place where you meetyour friends

and enojy the association of the girls and boys worth while.

I. A. Fund, a membership button What you get: Credit for the M.

of the 31st ward M. I. A., and the 'time'of your life. The amusement

hall will be renovated, retinted and specially decorated for the occasion.

Admission, 25 cents."More than enough for the annual fund of the

association was raised at this opening ball, and the prospect for a successful season is excellent, in all departments.

Passing Events

Albert Goodwill Spalding, one of the pioneers of American base ball died in San Diego, California, September 9.

Anthony Comstock, for more than forty years an active crusader against vice, died September 21, 1915, in Summit, New jersey, age seventyone years.

John D. Long, former governor of Massachusetts, and secretary

of the navy under Presidents McKinley and Roosevelt died at Hingham, Massachusetts, August 28, 1915.

Dr. Dumba, the Austrian ambassador to the United States went to

Europe under safeconduct October 5. Word came from Vienna that

the AustroHungarian government by reason of the request from the

United States had formally recalled him.

The Panama Canal has had a slide which is likely to prevent ships from passing the canal until January one. More than a hundred ships

with great cargoes will either pass round the horn or have their cargoes sent by rail across the Isthmus.

The G. A. R. fortyninth annual encampment was held in Washington, D. C, during the week of September 27. President Wilson

reviewed the parade on the 29th in which were thousands of the survivors of the grand review held in May, 1865.

John T. Olsen, for thirteen years engineer of the Salt Lake Temple,

died September 15, 1915, in Salt Lake City. He came here fifty years'

ago from New York where he lived seventeen years after leaving his native land, Norway.

John H. Brinton, 63 years of age, died at Holliday, Utah, September 12, 1915. He was born in Big Cottonwood, April 8, 1852, being

the son of the first bishop of that district, David B. Brinton and Harriet Dilworth Brinton.

The joint AngloFrench financial commission succeeded in borrowing five hundred million dollars in the United States. The loan is

made on 5% short term bonds issued by the two European Governments, and underwritten by a syndicate of the largest American banking institutions as guarantors.

John A. Egbert, bishop of West Jordan for more than twenty

years, was struck by an Orem line train at Gardner's Station and was instantly killed. He was born in Hancock County, Illinois, March

28, 1842, and came to Utah in 1849. He was an active worker in both

Church and business affairs and was widely and favorably known among the people.

The Utah State Fair, of 1915, was more largely attended than any other ever held in the state. The value of the exhibits was greater,

and the exhibits were more artistic than ever before. The total value

of the livestock exhibit is said to have approximated $700,000. The

mineral as well as the fruit and manufacturing displays were admirable.

PASSING EVENTS 95

John A. Maynes, president of the London conference, died in London of pleurisy, October 13, 1915. He was born 55 years ago in Hull

England, and came to Salt Lake City in 1890. lie had been away

from home twentysix months, on a mission. His predecessor, Stewart

Eccles, died about a year ago in England, and his brother also died while on a mission some years ago.

The Arrow Rock Dam, built in a canyon near Boise, Idaho is the highest structure of its kind in the world. The concrete wall rises 351

feet from bed rock—is 67 feet higher than the Roosevelt dam in Arizona, and 23 feet higher than the Shoshone dam in Wyoming. Its

curved crest is 1060 feet long, its masonry resting on an acreof bed rock. The project cost five million dollars. The purpose is to conserve irrigation water for 250,000 acres of desert land.

Vilhjalmar Steffansson, head of the Canadian Arctic expedition;

sent a message, September 17, announcing his safe return to Banksland after a journey over the ice with three companions. He had not

been heard from for a year and a half. He had discovered land hitherto

uncharted near 78 degrees north latitude, and 117 degrees west longitude. He will remain another year to learn the extent of this Arctic

land which many men of science believe is the edge of a continent in the polar sea.

The Great War. During the middle and latter part of September

great activity continued in the west, in which the French made some headway at Arras and along the heights of the Meuse and on the right banks of the AisneMarne canal, also northwest of Reims. In the east,

General von Hindenburg continued his eastward march of about one hundred miles, since the fall of BrestLitovsk on August 25. The war

in the Gallipoli peninsula continued, and the German minister announced, on the 16th of September, that a great German army is on the way to Turkey. The Russians claim a number of victories in eastern Galicia, and the Germans began their attack upon the Serbians.

Vilna was evacuated on the 19th. Several Zeppelin raids were made

during September on London, a raid on the 14th of October killing fiftyfive and injuring one hundred and fourteen.

September 16.—The Russian Duma was prorogued until the middle of November, arousing much feeling among the people.

September 21 The British chancellor of the exchequer announced that Great Britain's debt, at the end of the fiscal year would be eleven billion dollars, and he proposes to add forty per cent to the that submarine commanders are givenincome tax.—Berlin announces

strict instructions to give all liners the benefit of the doubt where the intentions are uncertain, and to permit the ships to escape rather than run the risk of error.

exceptionally strong German September 28.—The British took

lines of trenches at Loos, and on the day before the Allies advanced south of Lille. The losses of the Germans were forty thousand dead

and wounded with nearly an equal number of prisoners taken.

Champagne the Allies estimated that September 29.—At Lens and

the German losses are placed at one hundred and twenty thousand men.—The third German loan was closed—two billion, seven hundred

and fifty million were subscribed which is a half billion more than was subscribed for the second loan.—Reports have reached Washington that about five hundred thousand Armenians have been slaughtered

by the Turks and Kurds, or lost their lives as a result of the recent

Turkish deportation order.

The PanAmerican conferees who had previously been called to consider the Mexican situation with the United States government announced early in September that the leader of the strongest Mexican faction will be recognized. Villa then made active efforts to show that Venustiano Carranza

governed only a small part of the Mexican territory. Then followed several

conflicts between the United States soldiers and the Mexicans. On October

9th the PanAmerican conferees proposed recognition of Carranza to their respective governments, the United States representatives having agreed.

Carranza was overjoyed by such a final recognition which he has been laboring for so long, while General Villa departed with forces for Casas Grandes after voicing his defiance of the action and threatening a veritable war of extermination. General Carranza later took a trip through the northern part of Mexico

accompanied by Geneal Obregon. The "Mormons"in the Casas Grandes

district were again threatened with extermination, and some of them made their way to El Paso.

Improvement Era, November, 1915

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager Editors

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

In the Heart of the Yellowstone National Park Frontispiece

To Thee. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 1

A Notable Feature of the World's Congress of

Religious Philosophies Dr. James E. Talmage 3

Speak, Lord, for Thy Servant Heareth.

A Poem Annie D. Palmer 6

Brotherhood Joseph Quinney, Jr,.. 7

Poetry for the Way Up 13 The School Over the "Tater Hole."A Story. Ida Stewart Peay 14

How Success Comes. A Poem 22

Outlines for Scout Workers. Illustrated Delbert W. Parratt, A. M... 23

Governor Blease on Smoking 26 Free and Useful Education E. G. Peterson 27

Man Sent of God—II Newel K. Young 30

On what Day was Jesus Christ Crucified?. F. M. Darter 33

The Miracle of Day. A Poem Ethel Jarvis 43

A "Mormon"Captain in the British Army F. C. Steele 44

Incompetence F. W. Cope 45

Keeping One's Life in Tune 47 Do You Believe in Lady Missionaries? Edna Crowther 48

Vocations and Industries Claude Richards 50 "Safety First"Charles T. Richardson 53

Helping the Stranger. A Poem Erne Haskins 60

The Lesson Taught by a Healing George F. Richards 61

M. I. A. Scouts at Vernal, Utah. Illustrated: 62

How to Enjoy Life Dr. Charles L. Olsen 64

Three Points in the War Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 68

Editors'Table—General View of Church Conditions President Joseph F. Smith... 71

"History of the 'Mormon'Church"80

Thoughts in Brief 83 Messages from the Missions 84 Priesthood Quorums'Table 88 Mutual Work 90 Passing Events 94 Little Sir Galahad By Phoebe Gray "THE BOOK WITH A BLESSING"A book that captivates whole families by its joyous humor, its tender appeal, its dramatic and gripping situations and its wonderful, inspiring spiritual quality. No one

can meet Charlie Thomas the "Little Sir

Galahad"of the story) and fail to love him, to live with him, to be uplifted and helped by knowing him.

Fathers and mothers are putting it in the hands of growing boys and girls to read and are reading it aloud to the younger children,

The M. I. A. General Boards have adopted

it on the Reading Course.

Charmingly Illustrated by F. Liley Young

$1.35 Net; $1.45 Postpaid

Published by Small, Maynard & Company, Boston

Descret Sunday School Union Book Store 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY

The story "Little Sir Galahad"will appear as a serial in fciji 1 "The Juvenile Instructor"beginning in the October number.

(dip Subscribe now. The Juvenile Instructor, $1.00 per year.

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Utah*s Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor. Show Roomi ac4 Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DJ AND NIOHT

11, It and 15 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Let Dr. Sport Treat Your

Case?

CURE GUARANTEED Complete list of Remedies in our new catalog 150 Pages—Illustrated—Free

Ogden, Utah BROWNING BROS CO.,

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

You will never lack good music and entertainment if you have,f

A COLUMBIA GRAFONOLA in your home.

There's no limit to good times for both old and young, if you have a Columbia Grafonuln. It brings you "all the music of all the world—any music at any time."When "company"comes you are always able to entertain them

in a delightfully fascinating manner

GRAFONOLAS are one price tKe nation over.

When you buy a Grafonola of us -on have the satisfying assurance that you're getting the lov> est price anyonecould get, any place in the United

States to Order by Mail ITS PtRFtCTLY SAFE

Send for our catalog. Make your selection. We guarantee the same satisfaction as if you came to our store and purchased. We ship the same day

order is received.

Write for FREE Catalog, sent POSTPAID, showing all styles of the GRAFONOLA.

THJfl STATE OP UTAH'* I "OLDER THAN

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE

R Protects your family if you die M O R

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joteph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt L*ke Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePret. & Mtr.

Machine

W&/VV Co.. mpany

JOSEPH F. SMITH DIRECTORS CEO. T. OOELL W. S. McCORNICK C. C. WRIGHT

FRANCIS M. LYMAN JAMES H. MOYLE

THOS. R. CUTLER C. S. BURTON

WILLIAM SPRY JAS. L. WRATHALL

HEBER SCOWCROFT CEO. D. KEYSER

W. W. ARMSTRONG GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPkOVEMENT ERA.