May 1969 of the Retrenchment AssociationIn this issue: YWMIA Centennial, TheImprovement

featuring women and the Church

BYU comes to you...with adventures in learning!

Right in your own stake, BYU faculty members are habit for Brigham Young University, Since 1922, BYU your tour guides for adventures in religion, music, art, EDUCATION WEEKS have been bri nging the world of speech, drama, family and human relations. learning to Latterday Saints. Isn't it time for your

Moving the mountain of knowledge has become almost adventure in learning?

Education Week Is Coming to Your Community

EASTERN PACIFIC NORTHWEST IDAHO PROGRAMS

D.C., - Washington, 5, 6, 7 June 6, Rexburg, 7 June Cascade, Wash.

Cleveland, Ohio, 11 June 9,10, Idaho Falls, 9, 10, 11 Vancouver, B.C., June5, 7, July 8

Pittsburgh, Pa., 13, 14 June Pocatello, 13, 12, June Seattle, 14 10. Wash., July 11, 12

Boston, Mass., 16, 17 June Blackfoot, 9, 11 10, June Tacoma, Wash., July 14, 15, 16

Preston, 12, 13, 14 June SOUTHERN

Boise, July 7, 8, 9 SINGLE PROGRAMS S.C., Gaffney, 19, 21 20, June

10, July 11, 12 10, 11, 12, June Atlanta, Campus, 23, BYU 24, June 25 Ga Falls, 13 TwinOntarioWeiser, 14, 15, July 16

Huntsville, Ala., 11, 10, 12 27, Ogden, June June 28 Burley, 17, July 18, 19

14, Salt 15, Lake, 16 Aug. EASTERN WASHINGTON NORTHERN 2, 3, Logan, Sept. 4 CALIFORNIA Richland, 11 9, 10, June

Denver, 21, 22, Aug. 7, 8, 23 Sacramento, July 9 Moses Lake, 12, 13, June 14

Oakland, July 10,11, 12 Aug. Albuquerque, 22,23 Spokane, 16, 17, 18 June

Alto, Palo 14, 15, July 16 Colonia Sept. 25, Juarez, 26, 27

WESTERN CANADIAN San Jose, July 17, 18, 19

SOUTHWEST Lethbridge, 10 7, 9, June

CALIFORNIA SOUTHERN 13, 12, Edmonton, 14 June Ariz., Snowflake, 7, 9, 10 June Covina, July 21, 22,23 Calgary, 17, 16, 18 June El Paso, Texas, 13, 15 14, June

July Anaheim, 24, 25, 26 NEVADAARIZONA East Long Beach, July 29, 28, 30 This TEXAS 7, 9, 10 Vegas, June 1, Santa July Monica, 31, Aug. 2 EDUCATIONlocations WEEKS288

21 20, Antonio, Aug. willin San thebeyearUnitedheldBYU 12, 13, inStates,52 14 June Mexico.stakes LasScottsdale, Canadatorand Glendale, 5, Aug. 6

Dallas, 25, 23, Aug. 26 16, 17, Mesa, 18 June Fernando, 7, San Aug.4, 8, 9

Phoenix, June 19, 20, 21 Houston, Aug. 28, 29, 30 Pomona, Aug. 11, 12, 13

BYU EDUCATION The World Is Our CampusWEEKS

On the Cover:

The time: Sunday evening, November

28, 1869.

The Scene: The parlor of the Lion

House.

The event: The organization by PresiThe Voice of the Church May 1969 Volume 72, Number 5

dent Brigham Young of his daughters into a retrenchment association, later Special Features to become the Young Women's Mutual 2 Editor's Page: These Two Together, President David 0. McKay

Improvement Association. 4 A Salute to YWMIA

In the beautiful painting on the 6 The First Hundred Years of YWMIA, Eleanor Knowles cover, Artist Dale Kilbourn has cap12 Mothers of the Bible, Elder Sterling W. Sill

tured the scene as President Young 16 MIA Confrontation, Florence S. Jacobsen

admonished his daughters to "re25 The Place of Women in the Church Today, Belle S. Spafford

trench in your dress, in your tables, 28 Louisa Lulu Greene Richards: Woman Journalist of the Early West,

in your speech.... Retrench in everyDr. Leonard J. Arrington

thing that is bad and worthless, and 34 The Pioneer Woman, Dr. Kenneth and Audrey Ann Godfrey

improve in everything that is good 39 A Woman's Career, Lorraine Roberts and beautiful."66 Retrench! And Be It Hereby Resolved...

To capture the facial features of ten 68 The Centennial Festivities—Churchwide and Yearlong, Mabel Jones

of President Young's daughters (who Gabbott fondly called themselves "The Big 76 The Most Interviewed Witness (Part 8), Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

Ten"), the artist referred to the photo84 A Plea for Judicious Use of Drug Medications, Dr. J. Louis Schricker,

graph pictured below, which is now Jr.

in the collection of the Utah State 87 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 8, The Unknown AbraHistorical Society. Pictured are: back ham (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

row, Zina Young Card, Eva Young Regular Features

Davis, Nett Young Easton, Maime 42 Teaching: How to Teach About Womanhood, Albert L. Payne

Young Croxall, and Maria Young 71 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Delegate Wisely (Part 2),

Dougall; back row, Marinda Young Elder Ezra Taft Benson

Conrad, Carlie Young Cannon, Ella 74 The LDS Scene

Young Empey (first president of 92 Today's Family: It Will Never Be 1869—or 1969—Again, Florence

the Retrenchment Association), Emily B. Pinnock

Young Clawson, and Fannie Young 98 The Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

Thatcher. About What's in a Name, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

The painting will be presented to 100 Buffs and Rebuffs the YWMIA during June Conference, 102 The Church Moves On

June 2629, when the centennial year 104 Lest We Forget: The Pioneer Woman's Crowning Glory, Albert L.

will officially begin. In honor of the Zobell, Jr.

centennial, this issue of the Era fea107 These Times: Student Unrest, Dr. G. Homer Durham

tures articles about the YWMIA as 112 End of an Era well as stories, articles, and poetry 75, 78, 101, 103 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans about women and the Church.

Era of Youth 4965 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 46 A Happy Misunderstanding, Georgia Shiner 5, 11, 15, 32, 67, 100, 103 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnack,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL, Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

General of The3 MutualChurchyears. Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristsucceedingAssociationof Latterdayyear,of The$2.50Saints.Churcha Ailyearof rightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof SubscriptionLatterdaythree-year Saints,price;price,35S1969,$3.00singleanda year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor

special Mutualmultipleissues.Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men's

Office, for special matter. in section provided Utah, the at Acceptance for Salt class rate of mailing 1103, as postage second Enteredact City,2, authorized LakeJuly Post1917, 1918. Octoberat

for contributions. paid for but responsible are Manuscripts on acceptance be and must welcomes is not ofImprovement sufficientEra delivery Theaccompanied by postage unsolicitedand

magazine. of Address issue of notice required days'address. a include change, recent the address Thirty for slip from

is well return.Whenmanuscriptsas ordering included.please as unless thechangeforold be address aone changes cannot the new ismade

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The "Big Ten"—daughters of Brigham Young Music Committee, Church School System, and other agencies

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

May 1969 The Editor's Page

TheseTwoTogether

By President David O. McKay

According to the scriptures, "... neither is the man Womanhood should be intelligent and pure, bewithout the woman, neither the woman without the cause it is the living lifefountain from which flows

man, in the Lord."(1 Cor. 11:11.) the stream of humanity. She who would pollute that

Men and women seldom rise above the goals that stream by tobacco, poisonous drugs, or germs that they set for each other. Though woman's life is filled would shackle the unborn is untrue to her sex and an

with almost everything that is good and lovely, it is enemy to the strength and perpetuity of the race.

inaccurate to speak of a woman's world and a man's I recall these words from Alfred, Lord Tennyson world, because the two are inseparably one. In gen- "For woman is not undevelopt man,

eral, men and women have the same interests, the But diverse. Could we make her as the man,

same hopes and aspirations; the success or the failure Sweet love were slain; this dearest bond is this,

of one is the success or the failure of the other. They Not like to like, but like in indifference.

share each other's joys, bear each other's burdens, and Yet in the long years liker must they grow;

work together to achieve success. I repeat, there is The man be more of woman, she of man;

no such thing as woman's realm and man's realm. He gain in sweetness and in moral height,

There is only one realm in which each contributes Nor lose the wrestling thews that throw the world;

his or her efforts toward the attainment of a desired She mental breadth, nor fail in childward care, destiny. Woman's realm is as unlimited as man's. Nor lose the childlike in the larger mind;

However, when the divine Creator created man Till at the last she set herself to man, and woman, he established as distinct a difference Like perfect music unto noble words;

between them in temperament, in natural tendencies, And so these twain, upon the skirts of Time, and in the field of activity, as he did in sex; the most Sit side by side, fullsumm'd in all their powers,

sublime beauty and the greatest harmony in life are Dispensing harvest, sowing the tobe, attained when the man devotes his life to that for Selfreverent each and reverencing each, which nature has endowed him, and the woman puts Distinct in individualities, forth her best efforts along the lines for which she is But like each other even as those who love.

best fitted. It is a matter of deep concern that social Then comes the statelier Eden back to men;

and economic conditions today are enticing, if not Then reign the world's great bridals, chaste and calm;

forcing, woman out of the sphere in which she herself Then springs the crowning race of humankind, can find the most happiness and can render the greatMay these things be!"

est good to mankind. ("The Princess,"Part VII, lines 25980.)

Improvement Era

One of the greatest needs in the world today is Till at last across the chasm swung intelligent, conscientious motherhood. It is to the The cable—then the mighty bridge in air.

home that we must look for the inculcation of the So we may send our little timid thought fundamental virtues which contribute to human welAcross the void, out to God's reaching hands;

fare and happiness. Send out our love and faith to thread the deepMotherhood is the greatest potential influence Thought after thought, until the little cord

for either good or ill in human life. The mother's Has become a chain, a chain no chance can break,

image is the first that stamps itself on the unwritten And we are anchored to the Infinite."

page of the young child's mind. It is her caress that

first awakens a sense of security; her kiss, the first There are little cords of influence that are binding

realization of affection; her sympathy and tenderness, and shaping the little babe's life and the little child's

the first assurance that there is love in the world. life, until youth begins to be bound by the cable, and

True, there comes a time when the father takes his later in life by the chain—the chain of habit. Forces

place as exemplar and hero of the growing boy; and that are throwing out these little cords into the chilin the latter's budding ambition to develop manly dren's lives are the home, the playground, the school,

traits, he outwardly seems to turn from the more the peer group, and society.

gentle and tender virtues engendered by his mother. The laws of life and the revealed word of God

Yet, that everdirecting and restraining influence imcombine in placing upon motherhood and fatherhood planted during the first years of his childhood lingers the responsibility of giving to children not only a with him and permeates his thoughts and memory as pure, unshackled birth, but also a training in faith distinctively as perfume clings to each particular and uprightness. They are to be taught "to underflower. stand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the

Some lines I often quote are these: Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of

the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands, when eight "The builder who first bridged Niagara's Gorge, years old."To those who neglect this in precept and

Before he swung his cable, shore to shore, example, "the sin be upon the heads of the parents."

Sent out across the gulf his venturing kite, (D&C 68:25.)

Bearing a slender cord for unseen hands Ideally, life is indeed a partnership between man

To grasp upon the further cliff and draw and woman, each striving to keep the commandments

A great cord, and then a greater yet! and do the will of the Lord.

May 1969 Salute A Tributesby the First Presidency and the

On an eventful Sabbath evening, November 28, The Church was organized (as was the YWMIA) to 1869, after other meetings of the day were concluded, develop the complete individual—spiritually, physiPresident Brigham Young called the women members cally, mentally, and aesthetically—constantly preparing

of his family together at his Lion House residence and for life's opportunities and tests. We thank the Lord

there organized the Retrenchment Society. It became for the inspiration given to President Brigham Young

the forerunner of the Young Women's Mutual Im- a century ago. The Lord has strengthened and inprovement Association. spired its leadership and its membership for ten full

Now, as we prepare to celebrate the centennial of decades.

that humble beginning, we find that the YWMIA has To you young women in the MIA—some barely in

grown from one meeting of one family to thousands your teens, some older—we say, God is mindful of you

of associations, on six continents and many islands of and your hopes and aspirations. He desires you to

the sea, involving literally every family in the Church. succeed in all your righteous desires and endeavors.

The inspired purpose of that organization was enEarth life is a period of testing, of walking largely by visioned in that first meeting; it was to extend the faith within the great principle of free agency,

spirit and influence of the home and to develop, according to a plan that each of us willingly accepted strengthen, and maintain individual testimonies. in the great premortal councils. The way is difficult

Church members are sometimes awed by statistics at times, but the Lord is always near to listen to your and the strength they indicate. Such statistics disclose prayers and to give you the answer he knows is best.

the united efforts of the group, but it is the individual In a very large view, your problems may not be very who is most important. No individual is of more different from the problems which faced the first

importance than any other, and the final number reYWMIA members and all who have been members ported in the statistics results from the combined during the span of 100 years.

efforts of the individuals whose work arid devotion We congratulate all of you who are now affiliated have been so freely given. as members, teachers, or leaders in the YWMIA in

To the leaders and the teachers of the Young this, your centennial year. You are always rememWomen's Mutual Improvement Association we say—as bered in our prayers, and we welcome you as partners

we would to the members called in other auxiliaries and fellow workers in the building of his kingdom of the Church. Yours is a fulltime assignment; it does upon earth. o

not stop each week as you complete the presentation of your lesson. It continues seven days a week eachyear, as you meet your members and their families X

in other meetings of the Church, in the marketplace, or wherever your paths may cross. CAJoi/<i/

And to you young women, your MIA work is not a oneevening-a-week 'class period. To you, MIA is tfcCc hZ

pointing to a way of life as you incorporate into yourlives the thrilling concepts unfolded to you there. It is $.Q&Ut&ru

not difficult to identify the young women who maintain these ideals; they are indeed a radiant beacon in jft/.

any gathering. IT FIRST PRESIDENCY

Improvement Era

toYWMIA YMMIA General Superintendeney

In the year 1869 President Brigham Young realized that the young ladies of the Church as well as the THESE HUNDRED YEARS young men of the Aaronic PriestYWMIA... 18691969

hood needed counsel and guidance.

Beginning with the daughters in By Mabel Jones Gabbott his own family, he formed an association which today encompasses Like the windblown blossoms of a hundred springs, the girls in the Church throughout The century has gone since Brigham said, the world. In 1969 there are many "Retrench in ways unlovely, seek all things

thousands of officers and teachers To elevate, refine both heart and head."

throughout the world giving dediIn all lightmindedness of thought and silly cated leadership to the daughters Speeches, in vain deportment, in worldly fashion, of Zion. Retrench! The time has come! No more such folly!

In addition to their responsiBe neat and comely with beauty and compassion.

bility as the bishop's staff for the "girls of corresponding age"(a So up and down the valleys the Prophet's word, function parallel to that of the Capping excitement like a tidepulled wave,

Aaronic Priesthood quorum ad- A surging, singing, clarion call, ivas heard visers), the Young Women's Mutual As young girls gathered. And the movement gave

Improvement Association has fulAn aura to all years before and after:

filled its charge to provide for the Intense with young girls'talk, with young girls'faces, social, cultural, and recreational Gay with dance and song and modest laughter, needs of the young ladies of the And high accomplishment in worldflung places.

Church. Theirs is an effective partnership with their counterpart, the Between the earth's first sunrise and its crystal end

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Is this bright moment in eternity;

Association. In this unique organiThese faithfilled glowing hundred years ivill lend

zational role, they have provided A richer meaning to all time to be.

balanced, gospelfocused instruction that has qualified hundreds of thousands of wonderful young women as full partners in marriages in the temples of the Lord. support to you of the Young Association as you begin your

For your total dedication to your Women's Mutual Improvement second century of service. o

inspired patient calling—for your

of the call service beyond duty—The YMMIA General Superintendeney JJ 5 //4sf

for your unswerving loyalty to the tendent

Savior and his teachings, we congratulate and reaffirm our total General Superintendent

May 1969 Photo at left shows a YWMIA stake board in the 1930's. Below,

President Young's Brigham homes—Lion

organized, and Bee YWMIA was Hive House—inHouse, a left,photowheretaken thein

1860's; right, girls of about 1910 enjoy recreational activity.

The First Hundred Years Women of 1969 who follow fashion's extreme fads of dusty plains, and supplies for construction, farming, dress, makeup, and hair styles might be surprised to and merchandising could be shipped in more quickly learn that it was under just such conditions that what and cheaply.

is now known as the Young Women's Mutual ImproveBut with these great benefits came Dame Fashion!

ment Association was organized. As the women of the community adopted the newest

In every generation it's the women—particularly fashions of the bustle, ruffles, shingled hair, and other

those in their teens and twenties—who eagerly seize frills, President Brigham Young became alarmed.

upon new trends in fashion, in the eternal quest of Something must be done—and his own family must

woman for beauty. During the first few years after lead the way!

the Saints arrived in the Salt Lake Valley, modesty in Thus, on Sunday evening, November 28, 1869, Presidress was the rule, as the more urgent needs of estabdent Young stepped into the front parlor of the Lion lishing homes, planting crops, and building a comHouse and rang the prayer bell, summoning the female munity were filled. But as these problems were members of his household. After the evening prayer

conquered, the natural love of the women for beautihad been offered, he addressed his family:

ful clothes became evident, and they began to pay "All Israel are looking to my family and watching more attention to personal appearance. the example set by my wives and children. For this

The year 1869 was a momentous one for the Saints, reason I desire to organize my own family first into for in May of that year the last link of the transconti- a society for the promotion of habits of order, thrift, nental railroad was completed. In many respects this industry, and charity; and above all things I desire

was a great blessing, for emigrants from distant shores them to retrench from their extravagance in dress, in could now travel in relative comfort across the hot, eating and even in speech. The time has come when

1880 1S9S 19r 191 101% 1$M )dh 181

In photo at left, Elmina S. Taylor, first YWMIA president

(second row, fourth from left) poses with counselors and

YWMIA workers, 1896. Above, four young women who in

1884 called themselves "The Big Four": Mrs. J. E. Caine,

Mrs. J. H. Moyle, Mrs. Frank Jennings, Mrs. Ben R. Eldredge. Below, YWMIA members march down Salt Lake

City's Main Street in colorful parade formation in 1925.

By Eleanor Knowles

Editorial Associateof YWMIA the sisters must agree to give up their follies of dress Among those present that evening was Eliza R.

and cultivate a modest apparel, a meek deportment, Snow, gifted poet and author, who was active in the and to set an example worthy of imitation before the Female Relief Society, first organization of women people of the world. I am weary of the manner in in the Church. President Young asked her to assist in

which our women seek to outdo each other in all the organizing the new association, which was given the foolish fashions of the world.... name "Young Ladies Department of the Cooperative

"I have long had it in my mind to organize the Retrenchment Association"(soon shortened to Young young ladies of Zion into an association.... I wish Ladies Retrenchment Association). The officers were

our girls to obtain a knowledge of the gospel for Ella Young Empey, president; Emily Young Clawson,

themselves. For this purpose I desire to establish this Zina Young Williams, Maria Young Dougall, Caroline

organization and want my family to lead out in the Young, Dora Young, and Phebe Young, counselors.

great work.... News of the new association spread rapidly, and

"We are about to organize a retrenchment associasimilar groups sprang up throughout Salt Lake Valley, tion, which I want you all to join, and I want you to most of which were organized under the direction of vote to retrench in your dress, in your tables, in your Eliza R. Snow. Within a year there were also associaspeech, wherein you have been guilty of silly, extions in Ogden, Provo, Logan, Brigham City, Bountitravagant speeches and lightmindedness of thought. ful, and other towns and communities in the territory.

Retrench in everything that is not good and beautiful, The first groups were virtually autonomous, as not to make yourselves unhappy, but to live so that there was no written program or outline for them to you may be truly happy in this life and the life to follow. Each local association adopted its own list

come."of resolutions, which usually included those Brigham

J9R e 19E0 }2%Z '&> tggr 104 194*7 '19ST 1><9i

Standing at attention at parade in 1925 (below): President B. H. Roberts, Clarissa Bees/ey, Ruth May

Fox. Right, Susa Young Gates,

editor of Young Woman's Journal.

Young had suggested to his daughters. Programs and and overseeing the work of the association. Sister

policies, however, were in large part determined by Taylor died in 1904, and in April 1905 Martha Home the individual group. Tingey, her counselor, became general president, with

In 1875 the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Ruth May Fox and Mae Taylor Nystrom (a daughter

Association was organized, and President Young sugof Elmina Taylor) as counselors.

gested that the name of the Retrenchment AssociaSister Tingey, who had been called at the age of 22 tion be changed to a similar name: Young Ladies to serve in the first general presidency, completed 49

Mutual Improvement Association. (This was officially years in the YWMIA presidency—25 as counselor and

changed again in 1934 to the name by which it is 24 as president—before her release in 1929. On March

now known—Young Women's Mutual Improvement 28 of that year, Ruth May Fox was sustained as genAssociation or YWMIA, the designation we will use eral president, with Lucy Grant Cannon and Clarissa

in the rest of this article. A. Beesley as counselors. Sister Cannon was the next

With growth and expansion in the associations came general president, named in October 1937. In the 11

the need for central governing boards to help set years she headed the YWMIA, she served with three policies and coordinate the activities of the various able counselors: Helen Spencer Williams, Verna

units, In 1878 the first stake board was organized, in Wright Goddard, and Lucy Taylor Anderson.

Salt Lake Stake, and soon similar boards were named In April 1948 Bertha S. Reeder became general

in other stakes. On a general level, a "central board,"president, with Emily H. Bennett and LaRue C. Longcomposed of "aids,"was established during the 1890's, den as her counselors. They were released on Septemand in 1921 this became the general board. ber 30, 1961, when Florence S. Jacobsen, Margaret R.

Much of the credit for accomplishment in an orgaJackson, and Dorothy P. Holt were sustained as the

nization goes to those who direct it, and this is cernew presidency.

tainly true of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement One characteristic of the MIA that has contributed

Association. Six women have served as general presito its continued growth and appeal to youth has been

dents during the past 100 years, and all have been the fact that the programs are not static. They have

dynamic leaders of great ability. been developed as need and interest have arisen, and

The first general presidency, called in June 1880, often changed to meet changes in the times.

consisted of Elmina Shepherd Taylor, president, and The first Retrenchment Association was composed of

Margaret Y. Taylor (wife of President John Taylor) girls and women of many ages, but it soon became

and Martha Home Tingey, counselors. Maria Young evident that a division was desirable, and the junior

Dougall, one of Brigham Young's daughters who was and senior departments were organized. Age and depresent at the organization of the first Retrenchment partment alignments have changed several times since

Association, later replaced Margaret Taylor as then. For example, the Beehive class, organized in

counselor. 1913 to provide summer activities for teenage girls,

These women traveled many thousands of miles by became a program for girls 14 through 18 years of age.

horse and buggy, establishing young women's groups However, by the late 1920's the program was modified

Improvement Era

Six women have guided the YVVM/A as general president during the past one hundred years, from left: Elmina S.

Taylor, Martha Home Tingey, Ruth May Fox (top), Lucy

Grant Cannon (bottom), Bertha S. Reeder, and Florence S.

Jacobsen.

and girls of 12 and 13 were eligible to join. In the described her stake's involvement and concern:

meantime, the older Beehive girls (those 16 and 17) "The girls'program originated in Granite Stake in were organized into the Junior department, and girls 1940 when one of the women asked President P. Drew

18 through 25 became Gleaners. Clarke, first counselor in the stake presidency, why

Other refinements of these classes took place through so much attention was given to the boys in the the years, and today there are four classes for the Church, and why no mention was made of the girls.

young women: Beehive class for those 12 and 13 years President Clarke thought over the matter carefully. He

of age; Mia Maids, 14 and 15; Laurels, 16 and 17; and had a survey made of Granite Stake to learn whether

Gleaners, 18 and over. In addition, adults may choose there were more boys attending church than girls. To

to attend either Young Marrieds groups or Mutual his amazement it was found that the number of boys

Study classes, where the courses of study are selected greatly exceeded that of the girls."

by each individual group to meet the interests of its Auxiliary leaders were called in, and a program was members. developed to help increase attendance of the girls at

While the general board is composed of activity Sunday School, Mutual Improvement Association, and specialists, writers, and others selected for their abilsacrament meetings, and to encourage tithe paying, ity to create and refine the programs, many ideas for clean living, and the keeping of the Word of Wisdom,

MIA have come from the field. One such program is with awards given to those youth who met minimum

the Girls Program, now an integral part of the YWMIA requirements in these areas. The results of the profor girls 12 through 25. In his charge to his daughters gram were revealing: between June 1941 and Decemat the organization of the Retrenchment Association, ber 1943 attendance of girls at Sunday School

Brigham Young stated: "There is a need for the young increased from 47% to 65%; sacrament meeting, 20% to

daughters of Israel to get a living testimony of the 41%; tithe paying, 32% to 72%; and observance of the

truth. I wish our girls to obtain a knowledge of the gosWord of Wisdom, 86% to 91%.

pel for themselves."Most girls in the wards and The success of the girls'program in Granite Stake

stakes throughout the Church became affiliated with and in other stakes led to its being adopted for the the Retrenchment Association and later the MIA as entire Church in 1946, under the direction of the it. was organized in their areas. However, many girls, Presiding Bishopric. At April conference in 1950, it

particularly those who had left their home towns to was officially transferred to the YWMIA. In 18 years

seek employment elsewhere, were not involved in of its administration of the program, the YWMIA

MIA groups. notes these areas of overall growth: 50,425 girls enSeveral stakes recognized this problem and initiated rolled in 1950, and 138,787 enrolled in 1968; 180 stakes

programs designed to keep track of their girls and participating in 1950, 488 in 1968; 47% attendance of

hold them close to the Church. Such a stake was girls at sacrament meeting in 1950, 56% in 1968; and

Granite Stake in Salt Lake City, whose program was 59% attendance at MIA in 1950, 64% in 1968.

later adopted by the entire Church. Sister Pearl In the early days of MIA, communication between

Green, first chairman of Granite Stake's girls'program, general officers and local groups presented problems,

May 1969 Activities sponsored by the YWMIA: girls of 1950's present gold and

Youth chorus of 1969 rehearses in green ball floorshow; three Gleaners

the Salt Lake Tabernacle; Idaho Falls from Parley's Ward spoof the 1920's.

and a means for disseminating instructions as well as Talmage (wife of Elder James E. Talmage) and her

lesson materials was badly needed. Almost simuldaughter, Elsie Talmage Brandley; Ann M. Cannon,

taneously General President Elmira Taylor and Susa Mary E. Connelly (who later became editor of the

Young Gates, a daughter of Brigham Young and gifted Relief Society Magazine), Kate Thomas, Ruth May

Church writer, became impressed with the advisability Fox, Marba C. Josephson, and others.

of establishing a magazine for the young women of Dancing, music, drama, and other cultural activithe Church. ties have been.an integral part of the Latterday Saint

Sister Gates, who was in Hawaii on a mission with culture since earliest pioneer days, and the MIA has her husband, wrote to President Joseph F. Smith, outtaken a leading role in promoting these activities.

lining her ideas for a magazine for the Young Ladies Music was one of the first activities to come under the

Mutual Improvement Association. Lengthy correaegis of the YWMIA, and one of the first two comspondence between her, Sister Taylor, and members mittees appointed to the general board in 1892 was the

of the First Presidency led to her appointment to begin music committee. Dance, drama, speech, sports, and

publication of The Young Woman s Journal. From the camp committees were established as interest defirst issue, published in October 1889, the magazine veloped in these areas.

featured articles, stories, and poetry by and for LatterActivities held in conjunction with the YMMIA date day Saint women, as well as instructions to MIA back to the 1890's, when joint general conferences officers and teachers. began, and gradually the two programs were fused

Lesson suggestions were initially offered in pamphuntil today YWMIA and YMMIA members meet let form, but with the success of the Journal assured, jointly on general, stake, and ward levels for general lessons were included in each issue, beginning in activities, many class activities, and even some of their

November 1899. As each department of the MIA lessons.

matured, however, separate courses of study were preMany of the activities developed by the MIA have pared and manuals published. Eventually, The Young received praise and recognition internationally. TypiWoman's Journal printed only MIA information of cal of these programs is the roadshow, which was

general interest, with brief reports or instructions for started as a pilot program in Granite Stake in 1924 each department. and is now a part of the MIA everywhere. This conIn 1929, the Journal was "wedded"to The Improvecept of short, breezy, entertaining skits presented by

ment Era, monthly magazine of the Young Men's MIA, several wards, with the casts traveling to audiences

Jwith a special ceremony in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in two or more locations, has been as popular in during June Conference. The first issue of the comAustralia and the South Pacific as in the United

bined 'magazines was published in November 1929. States. Where distances between wards and stakes

Many outstanding women were associated with the are too great for the show troupes to travel, the acts are

Journal during its 40year history, including such taloften prepared for presentation at youth conferences ented writers and editors as Leah D. Widtsoe, daughter or stake outings.

of Journal founder Susa Young Gates; May Booth Massive allChurch dance festivals are also unique

10 Improvement Era Music and dance combine in act from Parley's Stake spring sing (far left); YWMIA campers learn how to build fires (left); MIA girls in Europe

wear colorful native costume for music activity (below, left); and

Japanese youth enjoy dancing, in activity program of worldwide MIA!

with the MIA. The first festivals were held at Saltair, What will the next 100 years hold in store for

a resort some 20 miles west of Salt Lake City on the YWMIA? No one can really answer this question, but

shores of the Great Salt Lake. When that facility if lessons are to be learned from the past 100 years,

could no longer hold the crowds, the festivals were the programs will continue to change and grow with moved to the University of Utah Stadium, where they the Church and the times. Programs that are now

now feature more than 6,000 dancers in a twonight part of the total YWMIA program may be replaced, stand for upwards of 40,000 people each night. new and different emphasis may be placed on activiYes, the YWMIA has grown and developed to meet ties and lessons, and certain pilot programs that have

the times and needs of modern youth. But the basic proved successful in stakes will probably be adopted

concepts voiced by Brigham Young remain in force. into the program as a whole.

Even retrenchment in dress has continued to concern But the gospel principles are eternal, and the advice the young women of the Church. In 1903, when the and admonition of President Brigham Young given 100

organization was 34 years old, the wife of Assistant years ago to his daughters will still provide the base

Church Historian Andrew Jenson reported on a trip from which MIA will grow. In 1930, the centennial of

to Europe: "... in all six countries which I visited I the Church, Ruth May Fox, president of the YWMIA,

never saw the extravagance in dress that I have witwrote a song that has become a favorite anthem of the nessed among the young women on the streets of Salt MIA, "Carry On."Perhaps some words from that song

Lake City. Nor did I ever while in Europe see a lady best illustrate the direction YWMIA has taken during

on the street or in a place of worship, wearing a lowthe past 100 years and will continue to take in the neck dress and short sleeves. Extravagance of dress, I next 100:

think, is a growing evil among our young people."

Times are not so different in 1969 as they were in "We'll build on the rock they planted 1869 or even 1903 in this regard, for the leaders and A palace to the King.

members of YWMIA are still concerned about the Into its shining corridors, styles of the day. True, long skirts are no longer in Our songs of praise we'll bring,

vogue, and the bustles that Brigham Young decried For the heritage they left us, would look silly on today's teenagers. But modesty in Not of gold or worldly wealth,

dress is still being taught to the young girls, and the But a blessing everlasting

MIA continues to stress the importance of helping the Of love and joy and health....

"young daughters of Israel to get a living testimony O youth of the noble birthright, of the truth."Carry on, carry on, carry on!"o

Some have said that mothers But that's just part, the smallest:

Where Mothers Live Live at the kitchen sink, They live in a world of delight,

Where the china rattles Waiting for the coming By Enola Chamberlain And the tall milk glasses clink. Of their loved ones home at night.

May 1969 11 The father and mother of Samson as painted by Rembrandt

Mothers of the Bible By Elder Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

On Mother's Day we honor that important person tabernacle was prepared for the great woman who had who stands next to God in benefiting our lives. She been chosen to be the wife of Adam. It is interesting

served as the mold in which our physical form was that women were created with more physical beauty cast; she also shapes our mental, spiritual, and moral than men. They also have gentler dispositions. They

lives. are more loving and spiritual in their natures. They

The word mother also has symbolic and metaphorical were prepared to be the mothers of that great conmeanings. Cicero once pointed out that gratitude was course of spirits who are awaiting the privileges of

the mother of virtues. A genuine gratitude is a kind of mortality. In the antemortal existence Adam was

matrix from which godliness, faith, and ambition may known as Michael the archangel, and undoubtedly Eve be born. It is helpful for us to understand that charwas a good match for her great husband. It was their

acter traits, ideals, and abilities also have mothers, antemortal excellence that won for them the privilege and it is a good idea to go behind the result occaof being the progenitors of the human family.

sionally to get acquainted with the power that gave After he opened their eyes, the Lord explained to it its life. Adam the need to work and to earn his bread by the

It is an interesting fact that even the Son of God sweat of his brow. The divine record points out "that

needed a mother. Once each year, we recount the Eve his wife did labor with him."The sacred record

story of that long ago night in Bethlehem when Mary says that the Holy Ghost fell upon Adam, and Adam started Jesus toward his earthly destiny. The New and Eve were given many revelations from God; and

Testament refers to 89 occasions when Jesus quoted Adam blessed God, saying, "because of my transgresfrom the Old Testament; we might wonder how many sion my eyes are opened, and in this life I shall have

times he quoted from his mother. joy, and again in the flesh I shall see God."And the

The Bible is usually thought of as our greatest record says that "Eve... heard all of these things, and

earthly possession. It contains the directions by which [she] was glad, saying: Were it not for our transgresour lives may become eternal and glorious. How sion we never should have had seed, and never should

greatly the Bible itself must have been enriched by have known good and evil, and the joy of our redempthose wonderful women who mothered the prophets tion, and the eternal life which God giveth unto all and helped to form the culture in which we live. the obedient."And Adam and Eve made known to

I suppose that a good place to begin a study of their sons and daughters the great truths of God. ( See

Bible mothers is where God himself began. All of our Moses 5:1, 9-12.) They must also have taken great

lives started out in heaven. Paul said, "... we have delight in teaching their children. When Cain was

had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we born, Eve was delighted, and she said, "I have gotten gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in a man from the Lord."(Gen. 4:1.)

subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?"(Heb. Later Abel was born, and for over nine hundred

12:9.) years it was the responsibility of our first parents to

Certainly no one has ever had a father in heaven or effectively establish the human race upon the earth.

anywhere else without also having a mother. Heaven They also knew the tragedy of having some of their

would not be heaven without women. In his wisdom children go wrong. What a shock they must have

God created a mortal body to house man's magnificent received when Cain killed his brother and brought immortal spirit. a dreadful curse upon himself. But the prophet Daniel

Then God said of Adam, "It is not good that the tells of the time when Adam, whom he called the man should be alone."(Gen. 2:18.) So a female "ancient of days,"or the oldest man, will sit to judge

12 Improvement Era

his people. Then Daniel says a thousand thousands Ruth is another inspiring woman of the Bible. She

will minister unto him, and ten thousand times ten is celebrated primarily for her loyalty to her motherthousand will stand before him. (Dan. 7:9-14.) Cerin-law, Naomi. Naomi's husband and two sons had

tainly when that day arrives, our faithful mother, Eve, died. When Naomi was left alone, she decided to

will be there by his side. return to her old home in Bethlehem. However, she

There is another Bible woman who in some ways reasoned with her widowed daughtersin-law that their resembles Eve. Sarah was the wife of Abraham, and best interests would be served by finding new husthe Lord also called her the "mother of nations,"and bands and remaining among their own people in Moab.

said that many kings would be among her posterity. But Ruth loved her motherin-law and wanted to be

She and her husband were selected to leave the sinful with her. She shows us, at its best, this beautiful

society of their homeland to help God establish a attachment that sometimes exists between an older great new nation of righteous people. Sarah was veryand a younger woman.

beautiful; her personality qualities and great character Ruth said to her motherin-law, "Intreat me not to

traits still shine out brightly from the pages of sacred leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for

history. She was intelligent, patient, and charming. whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest,

Apparently she was happy and at home in the nomadic I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy

tent life that she and Abraham shared. God my God:

Sarah brought forth Isaac, her firstborn son, after "Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be she was 90 years old. She helped to pass on to Isaac buried: the Lord do so to me, and more also, if ought

the love that she and Abraham had always had for but death part thee and me."( Ruth 1: 1617.

Jehovah. Following her death, Isaac paid his mother So Ruth also returned to Bethlehem, where she

the supreme compliment of those days in leaving her gleaned in the wheat fields of Boaz. Then, under the

tent unoccupied until Rebekah entered it as his wife. expert coaching of Naomi, a tender romance developed

Another of the great women of the Bible was between Ruth and Boaz, who later became the greatRachel (meaning serene and meek). She was the grandparents of King David.

wife acquired by Jacob after 14 years of toil. But Another of the noble women of the Bible was HanRachel was also barren. God's first command had been nah, the mother of the great Hebrew prophet Samuel.

to "multiply, and replenish the earth"(Gen. 1:28), Hannah is an example of dedication to God that has

and this natural instinct had been securely planted seldom, if ever, been exceeded. Much of Hannah's

in Rachel's heart. Eventually, on the verge of despair, time was spent in weeping and bitterness of spirit

Rachel gave out an anguished cry: "Give me children, because she had no children. She offered a prayer

or else I die."(Gen. 30:1.) Finally Rachel gave birth in the temple at Shiloh, in which she vowed that if

to Joseph, a son who was well worth waiting for. But God would give her a son, she would dedicate his life

the mortal life of this wonderful woman came to an to divine service. God granted Hannah's prayer, and

end while she was giving birth to her second son, Hannah kept her promise to God. When her little

Benjamin. boy was only three years old, the courageous Hannah

Rachel must have been beautiful in countenance, took him to the temple and obediently handed him softspoken in manner, and loving in disposition. And over to the Lord. He began his priestly duties under

we feel that Jacob's love for her will live throughout the direction of Eli, and eventually Samuel himself eternity. The stone pillar that still marks her burial became the temple priest and then the Lord's prophet.

place outside Bethlehem also recalls to our minds one One of Samuel's great privileges was to anoint David of history's most delightful love stories. king of Israel.

Jochebed was the mother of three famous childrenThen we have Mary, the mother of Jesus. It is interMiriam, Moses, and Aaron. She was a woman of esting to contemplate the kind of woman Mary must

towering faith and resourcefulness. When she was have been, to have been chosen by God to be the

faced with a government edict to destroy her newborn mother of this particular son. She was pure in heart

son Moses, she made him a boat of reeds, lined it with and beautiful in character. She made a full commitpitch, and hid him among the bulrushes of the river, ment of her life to God, and she was given the greatwhere Pharaoh's daughter found him when she came est role that any woman has ever been called upon

to bathe. Then Moses'faithful sister, Miriam, ran to play. She became a mother when she was very

to the princess and volunteered the services of his young according to our customs. But she possessed

mother as the nursemaid and teacher of her future supreme humility, limitless devotion, and unquestiongreat son. ing obedience to God's will.

14 Improvement Era In confiding to her cousin Elizabeth that she was to mother of him who was crucified."

be the mother of the Son of God, Mary said, "My soul John said, "She is within, but I cannot suffer thee to doth magnify the Lord, And my spirit hath rejoiced disturb her now."

in God, my Saviour, For he hath regarded the low The woman said, "Thou must,"and she pushed by estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth John and made her way to the lighted doorway, beall generations shall call me blessed. For he that is yond which sat this little group of sorrowing women.

mighty hath done to me great things; and holy is his She paused momentarily while her eyes became accusname."(Luke 1:4649.) tomed to the light. Then, after identifying the woman <

Undoubtedly, Mary shed many tears of joy and she sought, she made her way to Mary and said to gratitude when she first held the Christ Child to her her, "I bring thee compassion."

breast in Bethlehem. She must have shed other tears Mary replied, "I give thee my gratitude, O woman;

as she watched him develop into splendid manhood. whoever thou art, I give thee my thanks."

But then the hostility of the people turned upon him, Then the other woman said, "O thou happy one!"

and Mary was finally left to wait out those long, sad Stirred by the strangeness of these words, Mary, the hours at the foot of the cross. But even in his death, mother of Jesus, lifted her tearfilled eyes and looked

she was highly blessed among women. sharply into the face of the stranger. What she saw

We sometimes see a positive idea more clearly by there made her forget the bitterness of her own grief.

thinking about its negative side. A number of years "My sister,"she said, "rather would I give thee comago a stimulating Mother's Day story was written by passion. Thy loss, thy sorrow, how great it must be.

Lillieth Schell, titled "The Other Woman."It is a part Wilt thou tell me of it? Wilt thou tell me who thou art?"

of the story of the crucifixion. It pictures the agony "My name is Judith,"answered the woman. "I am

and suffering that took place upon the cross. It tells come out of Kerioth of Judea."

of the thirst, the parched lips, and the vinegar. Then Mary said, "My friend canst thou not tell me of thy

came the bitterness of that last outcry, followed by the sorrow? Perchance I might help thee. I will gladly

earthquake, the darkness, and the dreadful fear. From share it with thee."

the cross, Jesus indicated his beloved apostle and said "My sorrow,"said Judith, "is such that thou canst to his mother, "Woman, behold thy son!"To John he never know."Her hand stole up to her forehead and

said, "Behold thy mother!"(See John 19:2627.) brushed aside a lock of iron gray hair. Then, clutching

After the end had come, John took Mary and Salome her throat as if to relieve the terrible choking there, and the other woman to his home. Later that night, in she said, in a shrill whisper, "I am the mother of

the midst of their weeping, a knock came at the door. Judas Iscariot."

John opened it and saw a strange woman standing I close with an honorable mention for just one other before him. He said to her, "Whom seekest thou?"great woman, and that is our own mother. May God

The strange woman hesitated and then replied, "The help us to be worthy of her. o

To My Daughter Now you are seventeen—almost By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer a woman grown—and the green woods

of girlhood soon will lie behind.

When you were just a little thing, In harvest time, my darling, may

I held you close and hoped eternal you find your hands hold precious fruit spring might be your day. I prayed May little children cluster at

that on your way flowers might bloom, your knee, and sturdy arms about and birds sing. you, like a tree, sustain you, branch

and root.

You grew, and my greatest wish for you was summer, friendship's warmth, All this I wish for you and one and everything you yearned for bearing thing more: when winter comes at last

blossom, and I prayed that your to touch your brow, may there be white young footsteps ahuays might be turned content and peace in store. May you

to goodly paths and true. be lovely then as you are now.

May 1969 15 n. I! wm mt/ MIA Confrontation By Florence S. Jacobsen

YWMIA General President Illustrated by Don Young The buzzer on my desk signaled that a caller activities. I became a member of the MIA long

was waiting to speak to me by telephone. before I joined the Church. I learned the gospel

My caller said he ivas and had been a bishop backwards—I learned the program standards and

for 13 years in a ward many miles from Church policies by example and through association long headquarters; he ivas at the airport, just passing before I knew the doctrine and the why and the

through Salt Lake City on business, and had only how part of the Church. Now I've been married in

a feiv minutes before flight departure. Suddenly the temple."I added, "and working in MIA."

I was listening to his expressions of gratitude for "Yes,"she said. "I want to work with the youth

a great youth program. and help them as I was helped. To me, it is the

He wanted me to know how the youth of his most wonderful program in the whole world."

ivard, over many years, had been kept close to the Church through the spiritualized recreational, social, and cultural lessons and activities, and how they had been helped to set and reach high educational, vocational, and spiritual goals. His gratiivard his praise in unbounded of histude was MIA

the practice mile mWfMleaders, extra to go who made it a for each individual boy and girl: "Nothing is too They ivere a smiling, handholding young couple,

much work for those kids, and they respond as who stopped and spoke to me in the hall on my way did their parents. It is a great program, and I to a meeting. "Sister Jacobsen, ive met a year ago

just tvanted you to knoiv."I thought: I get the during an M ManGleaner exchange iveekend, and

thanks and others do the ivork. How grateful I next month we are going to be married in the

ivas for his call. temple. Thank you for having such a program

for us. We live hOO miles apart, so you see, without it ive likely would never have met!'

Yes, likely they would never have met in an atmosphere of safe, sane activities designed especially for this marriageeligible age group. I smiled

as I hurried to my meeting, wondering if they knew it ivas planned that they and hundreds of others should meet tvithin the Church program a and hopefully fall in love and marry in the temple.

She was a young, newly married counselor in the YWMIA presidency in a stake 4,000 miles from the headquarters of the Church. Her eyes

sparkled with enthusiasm as she clasped my hand with both of hers and told me of her love for MIA.

"Not so long ago, as a teenager, a friend brought me to my first MIA. It was fun, friendly, and It was a letter in the daily mail that held my

exciting, as young people my own age made me attention as I read, "The Laurel program was my feel welcome and I joined in their lessons and benefactor. The values and teachings I gained

Improvement Era

through the MIA programs helped me formulate this girl three years prior to the date of her letter.

my way of life. It helped me set high goals, and to I removed her record, destroyed it, and acknowldate they have been attained—a college degree, a edged her letter, commending her for the action

temple marriage, children, and continued activity she had taken. The laws of life of honesty and

in the Church. The Lord has certainly blessed me repentance are an integral part of the MIA lesand my family. I'll always love the MIA program."sons and activities; every boy and girl has the

opportunity to know and practice them—some just

take longer than others to practice what they know. i it: ii *&'*

Hk A Another letter was also awaiting my attention—

with an MIA Laureate award clipped to the handivritten letter. Surprised, I removed the award

and read: "Dear Sister Jacobsen, Enclosed is a An article in a national magazine, written by a

scrap of paper which is meaningless to me except high school senior, held my attention as I read his for the fact that it can stand betiveen me and the rebuttal to a published premise that premarital sex eternal happiness which I so desire. I never experiences are the only natural way in life. Yes,

should have accepted this aivard in the first place. it was a young Mormon, a high school senior, who

I was wrong and very weak to take it when I knew took exception to the premise and wrote

I didn't deserve it. All the other aivards that are "To say that the sexual process is a mere fact

credited to me I earned justly, and they are pasted or part of life is to insult it. It is the very means

proudly in my treasures of truth book. I never by which human beings may become cocreators

could bring myself to paste this in, because I never with God. It is the law upon which all human life

felt I had achieved it. is predicated; for us there is no life without

"Please, if there is any record in the Church obedience to this law....

records of my having earned it, I woidd like it "It amazes me that modern intellectuals seem to removed. This is my final and most difficidt step see no release from sexual tensions or channel for

in repenting for my mistake. This may all seem sexual energies outside of the bedroom. We need

small and unimportant to you, but since that time, desperately to recapture the pioneer American's

I have become much stronger in my convictions. capacity for good, clean fun....

I have found the man whom I wish to marry. He "Again I must turn to the way of life which has

is now serving on a mission in France. When he meant so much to me in order to provide specific

returns, ive hope to be married for time and all examples of what activity I mean. Our church has

eternity in the temple of our Lord. The time is a program for young people we call the Mutual

short, but I must be ready. Through my study of Improvement Association. A partial listing of

the scriptures and the teachings of our leaders, I MIA activities (in which I have participated at have discovered that I must repent of all my sins one time or another) includes the following: 1)

to become worthy of the blessings I desire. athletics—basketball, softball, volleyball, and

"This isn't a wellwritten letter, as it shoidd be. swimming; 2) music training—talent contests and

It is just a plea. Please help me repent... having shows, ample solo opportunities, choral and instruaccepted this aivard, and I can assure you that if mental ensemble groupings, and just recreational

speech singing; and drama activities 3) XA8 group speaking, skits, extemporaneous plays, road shows,

public speaking, and debate; 4) wholesome recreation—dancing, picnics, barbecues, swimming

parties, outings, hikes, etc.; and 5) preparation

for adulthood, which for boys includes scouting / ever receive my Golden Gleaner aivard, it will and exploring, career investigations, discussion of be because I earned it. Sincerely...."contemporary problems (including the frank dis-

, and myriad opportuni- I had my secretary bring me the Laureate award cussion of sexual matters) file and found that this award had been issued to ties for leadership; and which for girls includes

May 1969 17 studies of nutrition, cooking, sewing, housekeepried, had children, and ivas busy in the Church.

ing, child care, literature, and art. The program One was working in MIA, one in the Primary, one

can create wellrounded individuals in Sunday School, two in the Relief Society. When

"Of course, the program cannot work perfectly she finished speaking, she suddenly realized that without wholehearted participation of young only one daughter ivas working in MIA, and she people or without dedicated, patient, talented adult added in embarrassment, "The MIA sure does leadership—and often neither prerequisite is comtrain them to do everything in the Church."I

pletely met. Nevertheless we try, and we have knew she had spoken the truth.

been rewarded with one of the lowest divorce rates MIA is designed to help prepare the youth for (especially for temple marriages) and highest their adult roles—in the Church, in the home, and

percentages of really happy marriage and family in the community relationships.... The lasting friendships, social

skills, and individual talents developed in MIA bless a teenager far more than could a life of mere 'fun'or selfindulgence. The energies and

tensions of youth are as thoroughly dissipated through MIA activities and respectful, companionable dating relationships as through premarital A dear friend who had served in a bishopric sexual relationships. MIA tends to place sex in with my husband for many years came to me unperspective by providing a forum for and ensolicited and confessed that he had never really

couraging lessthan-flippant discussion of issues understood the MIA girls'sports program until such as religious standards, personal etiquette, two of his seven daughters became involved in political leanings, family problems and awkward basketball competition in his ward, stake, and region. He was a member of a stake presidencysituations, personal finance—issues vital to marital life which are too often clouded by the bedroom. when he said to me, "Florence, the girls'sports

So why should teenagers voluntarily take the risks program is the greatest thing I've ever seen. My

inherent in premarital sex, standing to gain so girls love it—and how they've developed. They're

little and lose so much? Perhaps the world could the stars. I wouldn't miss a game for anything."

consider our way before it plunges down the I asked him how the budget was for the girls'proverbial 'blind alley.'I certainly prefer it."sports program in his stake, and he answered with

smile, "Bigger than it has ever been(Gregory Spencer Hill, "Premarital Sex—Never!"a knowing

Phi Delta Kappan, September 1968.) before."

Youth always say it better than adults. Thanks,

Gregory, for your firsthand resume of MIA.

, 4iW It was in Perth, Australia, that I saw four girl basketball teams, in each dressed lovely different / k/% / colors in identical tunictype sports but modest

A mother of five daughters ivas purchasing, for attire, made by the girls themselves. The teams

the fifth time, a Golden Gleaner pin. She wanted played, fun and good sportsmanship prevailed,

everyone to know that all of her daughters had and the spectators laughed and cheered every now earned this award. basket, regardless of the achieving team. At the

I looked up from my desk as I heard her timidly conclusion, each team formed a big armto-arm say, "Sister Jacobsen, are you too busy to hear circle in the center of the floor for a united cheer.

about my daughters?"I'm never too busy to Their little director, no bigger than the girls, came

hear about girls. over to speak to me. She wanted me to know how

She recounted the MIA experiences of each one, great the girls'sports and camping programs are and 7ioiv the youngest had completed her Golden and what they were doing. I could see into the

Gleaner requirements. When she finished speakfuture as she spoke—girls learning, playing,

ing, I said, "What are your daughters doing now?"camping, and praying together, associating with

They were scattered noiv, but each one ivas marboys in the Church who are doing the same kinds

Improvement Era

Deseret Book Salutes the cPacjfic cRailroad Centennial COIjV&M

1. THE IRON TRAIL TO THE

GOLDEN SPIKE by John J Stewart Read this intriguing true life story that rivals many of the fabled gun fight stories of the "old west". The "iron trail"affected

many people. There were opposing factions in Congress. Financial corruption was

wide spread. Bigotry against hardworking

Chinese coolies made them worse off than slaves. They paid taxes, but had no rights

in the courts. When the railroads reached

Utah, Brigham Young and the Mormons played a vital role in completing the "iron trail", May 10, 1869. $4.95

BOOK OFTHEMONTH

Regularly $3.95

DURING MAY ONLY $2.95

by Robert B. Day by Lu Jones Waite

Here is the story of the men who Although this poignant romance is blazed the trail by horse and wagon set against a ranch and rodeo backwhich the railroad was later to follow. ground, many young girls and boys

Through stories, incidents and hiswill readily identify with the problem torical events these early Church of the heroine who must choose beleaders are related as humans facing tween her treasured faith and the the same strengths and weaknesses man she fervently loves.

as we do today. Read how they met

the challenge of their time and nourished a treasured faith for succeeding generations. $4.95

Order from..

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 12 3

Total cost This must include 4'/2% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from

Orange. Paid by Q check; money order; or charge

established account.

Name

Address

City

State Zip

MAY ERA t 969 A19May 1969 of things, marrying in the temple, becoming the dressed, as she entered my office and, at my releaders in the organizations of the Church, raising quest, took the chair on the other side of my desk.

their families. The result: increased membership "Sister Jacobsen,"she began, and suddenly emogeneration after generation as they live the scriptions and tears were evident in that lovely, smiling

ture, "Be thou an example."face. In a moment she regained her composure

and again spoke. "Sister Jacobsen, I just wanted

to come and tell you how wonderful the MIA program is, and how much it has meant to us as a family. You see, we're Army, and have never

been in one place long enough to have a real home. We've lived in many cities in many counJudy was the only Mormon girl in her school in tries of the world, but no matter where we have

her small community. Present at branch meetings gone, MIA has gone with us as part of our home

on Sunday were her own family, several young life for our four daughters. It has been their

married adults with young children, and several anchor of safety among constant change. Besides

older couples with no children. When her family our clothing and furniture that moved with us

traveled many miles to district conference at Harfrom place to place, MIA has been the only other risburg, Pennsylvania, four times a year, she saw constancy in their lives as they have changed a few other girls her own age during the noon schools and made new friends time after time.

hour between meetings. It was at district conWherever we have been sent, we have always

ference that Judy and her family heard the found at least one other family who needed and announcement that a girls'camp would be held joined our MIA. Sometimes we have held MIA

that summer for all of the girls in the New York in our home, and sometimes we have lived in a

Stake and the Eastern States and New England small branch.

missions. Judy went, shy, unsure, and alone. I "Now, after many years of traveling in the

saw her at camp, playing, swimming, boating, service of our country, my husband is retiring,making handicrafts, helping serve meals, listenbut what I want you to know is—that in spite of

the nomadic life we've led, our four daughtersing to the morning spiritual lesson, singing—arm

in arm, going on hikes, on her knees blowing on the have been greatly blessed because of the safety, dry tinder to make it burn. I heard her bear her spirituality, and the security of the lessons detestimony of the divinity of The Church of Jesus signed for the girls of the Church in the MIA

Christ of Latterday Saints. I saw a new Judy program. Do you know how practical, how wonnot alone, but tearfully bidding her newfound derfully appropriate these lessons are for girls as

friends goodbye, all armed with addresses so they they develop from the adolescent 12year-olds to could correspond until time for camp next year. mature young women, prepared to take upon

At the next quarterly district conference, Judy themselves the role and responsibilities of wife, was asked to speak. With confidence she related homemaker, and mother V

her camping experiences and then said, "I didn't know there were so many Mormon girls in the whole world (one hundred and thirtyfive), and they are my friends. I'm not alone anymore. Now

it will be easier to be the 'different'one in my school, knowing there are others just like me in other schools who are also 'different'and proud of

I thought, without interrupting: we are successit. Thank you for MIA—and thank you for camp."

ful. This is what generations of leaders have tried

to do—to prepare girls through spiritual lessons,

recreational, cultural, and social activities, to relate the principles of the gospel to their daily experiences, bringing girls a full and happy life and preparing them for their roles as women, as

I noticed that she was a beautiful woman, wives, and as mothers, who share with their husimmaculately groomed, modestly and smartly bands the blessings of the priesthood of God.-

Improvement Era

AN ENEMY HATH THE WAY TO s ", DONE THIS PEACE

by Ezra Taft Benson by Mark E. Petersen

Titled after a biblical parable depicting an With turmoil and conflict growing deeper enemy's secret work of destruction, this new throughout the world, an apostle work by Elder Benson is a compilation of his speaks out against modern evils and speeches and writings. Hardhitting and

spirited, this volume gives us an inspired guide to uses specific J examples to show true peace. A

how individual dynamic writer, freedoms are beii Elder Petersen washed away—forthrightly points

and in sounding tbi the way to happiwarning the authc ness thru peace gives a solution t( which the Master stem the tide.

$4.9 offers.

3. THE MESSAGE OF THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS GENEALOGY GUIDE BOOK & ATLAS OF DENMARK

Frank Smith by compiled A. by John Widtsoe Qood A. Finn Thomsen and

is a Here previously unpub This in English, guide book, lished of manuscript the basic to provides information cIeading deceased apostle with comof research Danish conduct theology, ments on prophecy records. Includes genealogy

literature in as and found the of calendar feast days, maps, Doctrine Covenants. and An ffbm

in and alphabet Gothic an enlightening this to guide script to old handdecipher scripture. modern

writing. cBookgfaft $350

$4.50

5. GOD, MAN & THE UNIVERSE 6. ILLUSTRATIONS TO INSPIRE 7. VITAL QUOTATIONS

Roy by West Emerson J. Andrus L. by Hyrum I by Ayre Randolph 60D,

';,*5..si.Ls*y%8S. writers, Speakers, students, of the secrets Universe 7 The analogy, prose, Anecdotes, AND

will find parents teachers and OSTWTWrt to were revealed Joseph Smith story, poetry, simile and ij: -'-'

in great satisfaction quotaare LWal is Creator. Great Here by The the to present author used by

every known statement Prophet by the on this topic. made yrinspirationaldelight every ideasreader.which will tionsble andfromrespectedover 900 menresponsiand

Thought provoking. $1.75 women. Covers religion, poli-

$5.95 tics,living.education and every day

$4.95

1186 BOOKCRAFT, South Main 5-69 8. THE WAY TO HAPPINESS Sait Utah Lake City, 84101

S. by Rulon Howells

Please the following circled send book(s) for which I enclose check beautiful book of fullcolor A

I of order in the amount or money $ pictures presents truth the as taught by Jesus. One of the 3 4 5 6 7 8 most interesting and effective 12

missionary aids available. Name

Available in English & Spanish. Address

$1.75—Spanish BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main Street City, State, Zip $1.50—English

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Residents of Utah add 4H% sales tax. I

May 1969 21 of the thousands of women who, as MIA leaders, have influenced hundreds of thousands of girls throughout a century of succeeding generations.

Changes have taken place: the name, from the

Young Women's Cooperative Retrenchment SoMy visitor continued: "Our eldest daughter ivas ciety, to Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association; the motto, from "Improvement is our

recently married in the temple and is working to motto, perfection is our aim,"to "The glory of become a Golden Gleaner. Our two middle daughGod is intelligence"; but the dedicated leadership

ters are in college. They both have their feet on

and the program and its goals for girls have beenthe ground. We are secure in the knowledge that

constant. they are prepared and capable of making their own decisions, having been taught proper values of right and wrong. We thank the MIA program

for helping us, as parents, give them the necessary background to meet the problems of today's world in a safe, realistic yet spiritual manner. Our

youngest is thrilled to be a member of a real class of Laurel girls and is excited about having girl In 1875 there was a question as to whether the and boy friends and dating. I just wanted you to waltz was a proper dance for the youth, and in

know about us and the MIA, and thank you for 1965 there was a question as to whether the twist was a proper dance. The leaders of the youth inthis wonderful program that has helped us with

each generation have recognized that changesour family."

in such activities are normal, but regardless of change, good taste and modesty are constant.

It has been a century of vigilant leadership by great women who -have touched hearts and lives and homes with sentiment and love and goodness unmeasurable. It has been a century of sacrifice

in terms of time and talent and loving concern

It was my turn for tears. As I emotionally acthe hours of rehearsal, the special programs and

cepted her thanks, I mentally thanked my Father favors, the letters of congratulation, the birthday in heaven for the Prophet, Brigham Young, who, cards, the painstaking preparation of scenery, and 100 years ago, saw the need for the girls of the decorating the gym to look like a ballroom—the

Church to be organized into a society. He started illustrations, the posters—the meetings, the phone

all this is not reallythe organization with a group of sisters, his own calls, the traveling—but

daughters, on that November evening in 1869, sacrifice but service.

when he spoke to them and said, "I have long had it in mind to organize the young ladies of Zion into an association so that they might assist the older members of the Church, their fathers and mothers, in propagating, teaching, and practicing the principles I have been so long teaching. There

is need for the young daughters of Israel to get It has been a century of safety, as girls have a living testimony of the truth.... For this purbeen taught within the shelter of MIA the knowlpose, I desire to establish this organization and edge of right and wrong, and why and how to keep

want my family to lead out in the great work. We themselves clean and virtuous. Thousands and

are about to organize a Retrenchment Assothousands of girls have learned and laughed and ciation, which I want you all to join, and I want loved and been better able to realize to the fullest you to vote to retrench in your dress, in your their potential here and in the eternities to come tables, in your speech.... Retrench in everything as daughters of God, because of their affiliation

that is bad and worthless, and improve in everywith the Young Women's Mutual Improvement thing that is good and beautiful."Association.

As this grateful mother left my office, I thought May the second century be even more glorious! o

Improvement Era

Today's gasolines

all: need them

Higher Octane Ingredients AntiRust Additives

AntiKnock Compounds Platformate

ClimateTailoring Formulas DetergentAction Chemicals

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

Gome to Chevron Jsland!

(under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

May 1969 23:P.* <'>:

X"

.iffi.:{'The Place

;;-,"1 I

X

X \ r\

fee

Improvement Era

Without the wonderful work of the women, realize that the Church would have been a failure. "--President Heber J. Grant

By Belle S. Spafford

Relief Society General PresidentofWomen in the Church Today

From the vantage point of the experiences. None need to have Relief Society, designed for the

one hundredth anniversary of the remained on the outside looking in mature women of the Church, founding of the Young Women's because of lack of activities for recognizes its debt of gratitude to

Mutual Improvement Association, which her talents.were suited. The the YWMIA. As the young woman

those who guide its destinies today YWMIA has been a potent influis brought by the natural processes must look back with unshakable ence in bringing young women of of life to shift her interests and conviction that only through divine the Church to maturity in thought activities from those of her young inspiration could such an organizaand action and helping them womanhood to those of her mature tion for young women have been acquire strong testimonies of the years, she naturally seeks avenues established. gospel that have created in them a whereby these changing interests

There must be a deep sense of desire to respond to the wishes and and needs may be served. Countgratitude for the great women leadthe needs of the Church, as defined less thousands of young women

ers who through the years have by Church authorities. who have been trained by the

presided over this institution. There President Heber J. Grant gave YWMIA move naturally into the

must be a thankful recognition for this impressive promise to the program of Relief Society with the inspired priesthood direction YWMIA:. purpose and dedication. They bring

that has been continuously avail- "As you shall inspire the young with them stability of character, able to the organization; there must girls with the love of God, with the developed talents, leadership skills,

be an almost overwhelming sense of love of home, the love of the gospel and a devotion to the Church that joy and satisfaction in the accomof Jesus Christ, with a desire to become a bulwark of strength to plishments. seek to do that which will be pleasRelief Society in meeting the reThrough the past century the ing to our Heavenly Father, you sponsibilities assigned to it as a

YWMIA has touched the lives of will grow in ability, strength, and companion organization to the hundreds of thousands of young in the power of God."(Gospel priesthood.

women, holding before them the Standards, p. 151.) The Latterday Saint woman has

ideals of the Church, influencing This promise has truly been a significant role in the affairs of for right their thinking, shaping fulfilled. the Church. It is expected of her

their standards, and training them Not only have the young women that she will lend her full strength, in a mastery of their conduct. It of the Church as individuals been according to the nature of woman,

has developed their characters and fortunate beneficiaries of the work and as directed by priesthood auprovided opportunity for the enof the YWMIA, but immeasurable thority, to the building of God's largement and welldirected exerstrength has accrued to the Church kingdom on earth.

cise of their talents. It has given itself through the activities of this The Mormon woman actively

them abundant and varied social great organization. participates in the work of the

May 1969 25

in their service as indiof Christ woman is not an adjunct 'Woman is part of a zealous viduals, but they felt greatly limited to, but an equal partner with man."

divinely ordained in working as such. It must have (Relief Society Magazine, Junebeen comforting to them when July 1943, p. 373.

."division of labor.. Eliza R. Snow, having represented Elder Bruce R. McConkie, in disthem before the Prophet in their cussing the doctrine recorded in

request for an organization, conDoctrine and Covenants 131:1-4,

veyed to them these meaningfulmakes this significant statement:

Church. She serves as a proselyting words of the Prophet: "Tell the "... he [man] cannot attain a

missionary; she inspires sons and sisters their offering is accepted of fulness of joy here or of eternal

daughters to do likewise, and, in the Lord.... I will organize them reward hereafter alone. Woman

countless instances, she provides under the priesthood after a pattern stands at his side a jointinheritor the necessary financial support. She of the priesthood."with him in the fulness of all things.

serves in the auxiliaries of the With the growth and expansion Exaltation and eternal increase is

Church. She renders untold hours of the Church, the contribution of her lot as well as his."(Mormon

of compassionate service in the the women has been multiplied a Doctrine [Salt Lake City: Bookname of the Church and loyally thousandfold over that of the sisters craft, 1966], p. 844.)

supports other types of Church welof Nauvoo. As we contemplate the Among the great doctrines of the

fare service. She devotes herself to blessings enjoyed by Latterday Church, none is perhaps more subgenealogical research and vicarious Saint women today—greater perlime or more comforting to women

work for the dead in the temples haps than those enjoyed by any than the doctrine of the eternity of of the Church. Such services inother single body of women—may the family unit. According to the

crease as the Church grows. we not feel the contribution of the late President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

President Heber J. Grant generwomen of this day is accepted of the Latterday Saint family, in a

ously praised the women when he the Lord? Latterday Saint home, has three

said: "Without the wonderful work The doctrines of the Church acgreat functions to perform:

of the women I realize that the cord to women a position of dig- "First—it must bring to its memChurch would have been a failure."nity, respect, and responsibility in bers such lives as will enable them

(Ibid., p. 150.) God's eternal plan for his children. to return to the inner circles of that

From the beginning days of the The gospel teaches that salvation celestial home from which they

Church, women have been given and exaltation in the Father's kingcame—a dwelling with the Heavvoice in the affairs of the Church. dom are for all of the honest in enly Father and Mother throughout

They have voted side by side with heart in all the world, men and eternities.

men on all questions submitted to women alike, through individual "Second—it must so carry out its

the Church membership for vote. obedience to the laws and ordiduties, rights, and functions as to

The will of the Lord in this matter nances instituted by the Lord upon enable it, in turn, to found a celeswas made clear in a revelation which these blessings are preditial home that shall in some eternity given to the Prophet Joseph Smith, cated. hereafter be equal in power, opporOliver Cowdery, and John WhitWhile the priesthood is given tunity, and dignity with the celestial

mer at Harmony, Pennsylvania, only to men in the Church, its home from which we came and to

July 1830, three months after the benefits and blessings are shared which we shall return.

Church was organized, wherein the by the wives and every member of "Third—it must so live its life as

Lord said: "And all things shall be the family. Elder John A. Widtsoe to provide for the spirits yet waitdone by common consent in the spoke of this as follows: ing to come to this earth for their

church...."(D&C26:2.) "In the ordinances of the Priestfleshly tabernacles, both bodies and

This recognition was an advanced hood man and woman share alike. minds that shall be healthy, for the

\ conception in 1830, when no women The temple doors are open to every spirits coming through them are the had political franchise. faithful member of the Church. choice spirits, which have earned

It was the desire to increase And, it is to be noted that the highthe right by their lives in their first woman's usefulness to the Church est blessings therein available are estate, to come for their second that led the sisters of Nauvoo to only conferred upon a man and estate, to the righteous homes—to

approach the Prophet and seek to woman... jointly. Neither can the families of greatest worth,

be organized. They had been receive them alone. In the Church promise, and opportunity; and this

Improvement Era

WHEN YOU JOIN LDS

BOOKS CLUB AND family must provide for this spirit "MAKE YOUR FIRSTwhich it invites to come to its hearthstone, an environment that REGULAR SELECTION shall meet the strictest requirements of righteousness."(Relief Society 0RM0NISM AND THE

Magazine, p. December 1940, 808. EGRO Latterthe As we contemplate

by John J. Stewart MORMONISM

are impressedday Saint family, we by William E. Berrett and the NEGRO supplemented

its the orderliness of organizawith tion. President Grant has told us: A complete and unprejudiced explanation of LDS

"The blessings and promises that Church doctrine regarding the Negro and those of come from beginning life together, negroid blood. The book was especially prepared to

for time and eternity, in a temple answer questions regarding LDS Church policy.

of the Lord cannot be obtained in A wealth of historical information on the subject any other way and worthy young is included in the special supplement prepared by

Latterday Saint men and women liam E. Berrett.

who so begin life together find that their eternal partnership under the 1. LIFE 2. MORMON

everlasting covenant becomes the EVERLASTING DOCTRINE by S. by Bruce R. Duane Make are builtfoundation upon which

Crowther McConkie first your love, virtue,peace, happiness, and compendium insight, new A AM New selection from fvertetifii of the Gospel. information on verities eternal of Cluball of the other

life, here and hereafter."(The Imthese LDS best Alifecomprehensiveafter death. 875fingertippages with

provement Era, April 1936, p. 199. sellers look at the next reference.

The man is by divine decree the estate of man.$4.50 $6.95

head or the presiding officer: he is

the family provider. Woman is his 3.OF THEBELIEVINGPOWER 4.THOUSANDTHE FOURTH 5.MOSTTHEWANTEDTEN

companion and helpmate; she is the by Sterling W. YEARS MEN

child bearer and child rearer. In Sill by W. Cleon by Paul H. Dunn

Elder Sill reveals 1 Skousen The ten qualities this finds not only role, woman of the secrets

a obtaining.I TheBiblicalsweepeventsof ofandleadership,how to also mission,: 11wM 1 1 p divineher her but strong basic '*Wl from David to achieve them.

lifefulfillment.greatest This difaith. Christ. Must Nearly $3.95

for pages. reading ps 51 SSal 900vinely division of labor for ordained

forming, maintaining, and protectevery LDS. $3.75 $6.95

ing the family unit makes one parent no less important than the 6. J. GOLDEN 7. BOOK OF ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE

KIMBALL MORMON by Dr. W. Dean Belnap &

in -when respectedother; and their by Claude YOUNGSTORIESLDSFOR life Dr.GriffinGlen C. Richards roles, surest lay theindividual they

Provides rational by Emma Marr inspiringfoundation for family wellbeing. The intelligent and Petersen of an biography

The place of woman in the outstanding Book of Mormon reasons why people 4 young should accept theChurch, having been defined by Latterday $3.95Saint. experiencesto life for youngcome

as moral codedivine decree, does not change readers. I taught by the

from time to time. It remains con- $3.50 Church. $2.95

stant. It is the same today as yesitterday; will be the same tomorunderstandsrow. As woman her LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

place and functions as God intends, P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 ldsbc 5-69

there come to her the richest posEnclosedPlease sendis my"Mormonismcheck or moneyand theorderNegro"in thefreeamountof charge,of $ and the following circled sible life fulfillment and the greatbook(s) as my first regular Club selection.

7 5 8 3 6 4est eternal rewards. Blessed above

reviews. I hereby agree to purchase and send me monthly Enroll me as a LDS12Books Club member

all women of the world are the of 4 regular selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price (Premiuma minimumbooks women of the Church who have 4forbooks.joiningFordoeachnot qualify4 books asI accepta regularI willClubreceiveselectiona valuableor alternate.)bonus bookI mayfree—resigna savingat any oftimeapproximatelyafter purchasing20%.

this knowledge. o NAME

ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP.

J May 1969 27 Illustrated by David Thomas

Louisa Lulu Greene Richards:

Woman Journalist of the EarlyWest

By Dr. Leonard J. Arrington motto. Examples of these were: "We seek the truth,"

"Knowledge is power,"and "Remember thy Creator

A hundred years ago, in Smithfield, Cache County, in the days of thy youth."

Utah, a young lady of 20 was busy preparing her The actual preparation of the manuscript paper was editorial and feature articles for the weekly ward often a project of the local Young Ladies'Cooperative

Sunday School Gazette. Sunday School newspapers Retrenchment Association, founded by Brigham Young

were common in Latterday Saint communities in the and Eliza R. Snow in 1869, which eventually grew into

1860's and 1870's, and several examples of them are in what is now the Young Women's Mutual Improvement the Church Historian's LibraryArchives in Salt Lake Association.

City. They were handwritten, twocolumn papers, usuMost of the writers were teenagers, although the

ally on four to eight sheets of legalsize writing paper. ward bishop was often called upon to contribute a

They went under such names as The Young Laword of advice, and a mother occasionally was asked dies Enterprize (Honeyville, Utah), The Young to prepare a homiletic story of the triumph of good

Ladies Companion (Bountiful, Utah), and The Knowlover evil. The girls'editorials were on such topics as

edge Seeker (Hyrum, Utah). Each paper carried a improvement, fashion, faith in God, and talebearing.

Copies were distributed every Sunday (or every

J. Arrington, councilor a in the Utah high Dr. Leonard

at other Sunday ) at the close of the service to those who a professor University State of economics Stake, is

Utah State University and a wellknown authorhistorian had paid the subscription price ( usual terms: "Attend

on Mormon history. Sabbath School and pay attention"). There was an

Improvement Era

Portrait of Sister Richards is by her m& son,the Church'sLevi Greenefirst Richards,painters ofonenote.of

"An epic of woman! Not in all the ages has there in 1877 in his book The Women of Mormondom. One

been like unto it. Fuller of romance than works of of the many extraordinary women of the empire

fiction are the lives of the Mormon women. So strange founding period was Louisa Lulu Greene Richards,

and thrilling is their story—so rare in its elements of who, incidentally, had much to do with the early

experience—that neither history nor fable affords a development of the YWMIA, the organization this

perfect example...."So wrote Edward W. Tullidge issue of the Era honors.

attempt at artistic design in the sketch of the mastwere both natives of New York who had joined the head and in the illustrations for some of the stories. Church in the 1830's and migrated to Kirtland, Ohio.

Poetry and puzzles were sometimes included, as were There Evan taught an English grammar class; one of

occasional jokes, wise sayings, and the music of the his students was the Prophet Joseph Smith. Evan

newly composed songs. served for a time as one of the Prophet's many clerks.

The "editress"of the Smithfield Gazette, Louisa Lulu After the expulsion from Nauvoo in 1846, Evan and

Greene, was the daughter of the city recorder, and Susan migrated to Winter Quarters on the Missouri the girls of the Retrenchment Association often met River, where he served as postmaster of the town of after school at her father's office to prepare their Kanesville and as recorder and treasurer of Pottapapers for the next Sunday. With a good sense of wattomie County, Iowa. It was in Kanesville that

timing, Editor Louisa often came out with a special Louisa was born, on April 8, 1849. The Greenes

issue to celebrate the wedding anniversary of the migrated to the Salt Lake Valley in 1852.

oldest couple in the ward, or with a poem of praise to Evan Greene taught school in Provo, where he also a young man who had just accepted a call to go on served as mayor and represented Utah County in the a mission. Sometimes the editorship was rotated territorial legislature. In 1859 the family moved to

among the girls so that all could share the responsiGrantsville, Utah, where the father was again elected bilities and joys of editorship. to the legislature for two successive terms, representLouisa Lulu Greene was the eighth of 13 children ing Tooele County. In 1864 Brother and Sister Greene

born to Evan M. and Susan Kent Greene. Her parents took their now sizeable family to Smithfield.

May 1969 29 She founded the Woman's cultivated and prepared for use in the Kingdom of God as that others should be born?'If left to me to decide,

Exponent, today's I should say that of the two, the cultivation of the [mind] is the most consequence. How many mothers

Relief Society Magazine give birth to children who themselves are altogether unqualified to perform the duties of mothers? And yet,

for Zion's sake, those children must be cultivated."

Encouraged by this advice and bynumerous promBeing a natural teacher, Brother Greene conducted ises of support, Louisa moved to Salt Lake City, issued the education of his own children, ably assisted by a prospectus, and began to sell subscriptions. The

some of the older children. Louisa learned knitting first issue came out on June 1, 1872. At the time,

and spinning, enjoyed dancing, sleighing, and theatriLouisa was only 23. That the Exponent first appeared

cals, but took greatest delight in teaching her younger on Brigham Young's birthday was apparently an accibrothers and the children of the neighborhood. Her love dent, but the President was almost certainly pleased,

of literature was evident at an early age as she made for he was a greatuncle of Louisa. One of the Presiup stories to tell the children. As early as the age of dent's daughters, "Susie"Young, was a frequent con14 she was composing dramatic dialogues and poems. tributor.

While studying in a private school in Salt Lake City The Woman's Exponent was published "for the in 186869, she contributed poems to the Salt Lake benefit, education and development of thought of all

Herald and became noted for her literary abilities. She the sisters in the Church."Its first and all subsequent

returned to Smithfield in time to assume the editorship issues were threecolumn quarto (10 by 13M inches), of the Sunday Gazette in the fall of 1869. eight pages in length. Each number included poetry,

When Louisa was released in 1870 to pursue further fiction, editorials, sermons by Church officials, and training at the University of Deseret in Salt Lake City, news briefs from home and abroad.

she occasionally sent articles by mail to the Gazette, Most of the literary selections were written by young but she felt impressed that the young girls in the Latterday Saint girls and demonstrated the liveliness

Church should have their own magazine. She records and spontaneity of pioneer Mormon culture. The

that the idea was first implanted in her mind by Exponent was published semimonthly, and sold for

Edward L. Sloan, editor of the Salt Lake Herald, who $2.00 a year.

was impressed with her talent and competence, and For the first year, at least, the magazine was printed who wrote her, promising his support. Louisa wrote at the Herald printing office and profited from the

Eliza R. Snow, president of the Relief Society of the advice and experience of Edward Sloan. The Woman's

Church and a relative, asking for counsel. Sister Snow, Exponent was the first publication owned and edited

always eager to encourage young writers, thought the by Latterday Saint women. It was also the first

suggestion an excellent one. Indeed, she and other magazine (with one flyby-night exception) published

officers of the Relief Societies and Retrenchment Assoby and for women west of the Mississippi River.

ciations had discussed the feasibility of a woman's Although owned and published by active Church magazine for some months. She wrote to Louisa members, the Exponent was not an official publication

that she would broach the matter to President Brigof the Church, nor was it owned or controlled by the ham Young, and suggested a plan of finance. PresiRelief Society. As an independent magazine, it could

dent Young not only relayed his sanction, but, in make mistakes without the Church's being held reLouisa's words, said "he would gladly appoint me sponsible, and the reading matter was suited to the the mission and bless me in it."Editor Sloan suggested tastes and moral uplift of its feminine contributors and

the name of the magazine: Woman's Exponent. readers. The first issue stated the intentions of the

Louisa had only one reservation. She was now founders

( 1871 ) 22 years old—shouldn't she be getting married? "The aim of this journal will be to discuss every

She wrote again to Sister Snow, this time from Smithsubject interesting and valuable to women. It will

field, to which she had returned to assume the presicontain a brief and graphic summary of current news dency of the Retrenchment Association there. Sister local and general, household hints, educational matSnow replied: ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence,

"To be sure, while unmarried, one cannot be fuleditorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its filling the requisition of maternity, but let me ask 'Is columns and miscellaneous reading.

it not as important that those already born should be "It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound

Improvement Era

FIRST SECURITY Ban kAmericard 'TfaaAs Thames.&<M& mmmm,::

;::;.:Xxx;x;.i:|.:::x;:;:::>>:.:::o;::>-:.:.

"Hi iiiiiiiiiiii

The World's Best Travel Card

First Security BankAmericard is welcome coast to coast—and in many foreign countries

FIRST SECURITY

BANKAMERICARD

wefleome -fate

Auto Repairs

Gas & Oil Tires i

hs2L FIRST SECURITY

BankAmericard

lue&orwfb&ie

Motels Restaurants Hotels i—

Disneyland * Servicemorks owned and licensed by BankAmerico Service Corporate Air Travel Car Rental

May 1969 31 principles, and disseminate useful knowledge."Susa Young Gates (who had been the founder and

Thus, while it was an advocate of Mormonism, it was first editor of the Young Woman's Journal).

an independent advocate and was read with respect Louisa, who had often published under the nom de by the women of Europe and America who wished to plume "Lula,"came to be known as Lulu Greene know the opinions and attitudes of Latterday Saint Richards. Continuing to write as she reared her family,

women. A motto carried on the masthead for many she published in the Exponent, Relief Society Magayears was: "The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the zine, Children's Friend, Era, and Young Woman's JourRights of the Women of all Nations."While indenal, and conducted a department of the Juvenile

pendent, however, it was supported primarily by the Instructor under the heading "Our Little Folks."In 1904

Retrenchment Associations and by the members of the she published a book of verse entitled Branches That

Relief Societies. Run Over the Wall. The following year, in honor of the

During her five years as editor ( 187277 ), Louisa hundredth anniversary of the birth of the Prophet

Greene had married Levi W. Richards (1873), had Joseph Smith, the Deseret Sunday School Union ofgiven birth to two daughters, and had directed some fered three prizes for the three best poems on the

123 issues of the Exponent. Thus, in 1877 she wrote Prophet. Sister Richards won all three of the prizes!

to President Young asking him to release her. ApShe also contributed to the hymnbook and to the

pointed to replace her was Emmeline B. Wells, who Sunday School and Primary song books.

had been her assistant editor since December 1875. In addition to her literary activities, Sister Richards

Sister Wells remained editor until the discontinuance bore seven children, of whom three daughters died in of the magazine in 1914. childhood and four sons grew to manhood. The eldest,

The interesting observation is that, as the young Levi ("Lee") Greene Richards, became one of the women who directed the Exponent grew older, their West's most creative painters. Another, Willard, particitastes and abilities also matured, and the Exponent pated in the colonization and development of southern

became a woman's magazine in fact as well as in Alberta. A third, Evan, was a dentist, while Heber

name. It was exhibited in the women's hall of a became a professor of English at the University of

world's fair held at The Hague in 1898, and created Utah.

considerable excitement as a defender of plural marWhile rearing her family and writing, Sister Richriage. Above all, visitors to the booth were impressed, ards also served as president of the Young Ladies'

somewhat to their surprise, with the culture and reMutual Improvement Association of the 20th Ward finement of Mormon women. in Salt Lake City; as an officer of the Relief Society

As the Relief Society grew, and as many of its offiof that ward; as a member of the general board of the

cers had been or were on the staff of the Exponent, Primary Association of the Church; and as member of

it seemed logical for the journal to be converted into the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.

an official organ of the Relief Society. This was done She was an officiator in the Salt Lake Temple from the

in 1913, when the Exponent began to carry the captime of its dedication in 1893 until 1934. She repretion, "The Organ of the Latterday Saint Women's sented Utah and the Church in various women's conRelief Society."The next step was to change the name ventions, and traveled extensively as a representative

and format. The last issue of the Exponent, dated of the Church to meetings of women, young and old,

February 1914, was number 14 of the fortyfirst volfrom Canada to Mexico, to organize and inspire the ume. Beginning in 1914, it was the Relief Society women's auxiliaries. She died in Salt Lake City in

Bulletin, which was followed in 1915 by the Relief 1944, at 95 years of age.

Society Magazine. The latter has continued to this day. Few Latterday Saints have excelled Lulu Greene

The first editor of the Relief Society Magazine was Richards in influence and versatility. o

Tall Story

By Maureen Cannon "Stand straight, be patient, you'll see how

Height's lovely when you're older."

But Sally's prom is here and now,

And he comes to her shoidder!

Improvement Era

casa lalmesa townhouses

in fabulous mesa, arizona the sunshine country!

Mr. and Mrs. Porter V. Webb selected Casa

La Mesa for its total quality. Quality of

design and construction, quality of its people, quality of location and the quality of value. "It's so important to us to live so

close to the Temple and to benefit from the fullmaintenance program that Casa La

Mesa offers. I've never been happier or felt

as free,"said Mrs. Webb.

Casa La Mesa priced below anything in its class. 5 plans for improved living!

A

r

acre tract includes 21 Arizona Temple, visitors information center and Beautiful Community Club House and Pool gardens. landscaped extensive

r 1 SCOTTSDALE for FREE information on how you may become part of the

Casa La Mesa community, write: Casa La Mesa Townhouses PAPAGO PARK McdowellMOTOROLAroad casa lafmesa

544 North Mesa Drive, Mesa, Arizona 85201 or call: (602) 9620102 townhouses

NAME. SKYAIRPORTHARBOR AIRMEABCHTEMPE UNIVERSITY DRIVE <

a Jerry Skousen address. PHOENIX UNIVERSITYARIZONASTATE. APACHEMOTOROLABlvO MAINMESASTREET,

enterprise CITY. STATE. ZIP COMMUNITYCOILCOCMESA

May 1969 33 The PioneerWoman By Dr. Kenneth and Audrey Ann Godfrey

Uprooted from their homes with of ancient Israel who followed hardly time for a proper goodbye, Moses, and those who went with and leaving behind much that was Lehi into the wilderness. This

dear to them, the pioneer women would give them strength and redid what they could to make their new their hope that with the help rugged wagons home to their of God, they too would find their wandering families. "promised land,"a home to call

Most of their conveniences had their own.

been left in New York, Ohio, Mis- "With almost their entire culinary souri, or Illinois. Thus, they were material limited to the milk of their

faced with putting to full use all cows, some store of meal or flour, the talents and skills at their comand a very few condiments,"as one mand to make life bearable. They writer wrote, they learned to fashmust have thought of the women ion a meal that was both appetizing

Improvement Era

square. Before leaving camp each corded that the first night out from

morning, Mary mixed her bread Nauvoo, nine children were born.

and placed it in the wagon to rise. As time went on, women gave

As she traveled, the yeast would do birth to babies under every circumits work, and evening would find stance imaginable. Sister Snow

the family taking its meal with wrote: "... some in tents, others in

freshly baked bread. wagons, in rainstorms, and in snowBut food was not always plentistorms. I heard of one birth which

ful. Hosea Stout recorded in his occurred under the rude shelter of

diary on June 20, 1846, just two a hut, the sides of which were short months away from Nauvoo, formed by blankets fastened to

Before leaving camp thatupon "hungerus."Stoutbeganwrote:to grind"... hardmy polesbark roofstuckthroughin the whichground,thewithraina

each morning, wife went to preparing our dinner was dripping. Kind sisters stood

which might properly be called our holding dishes to catch the water

Mary mixed her bread 'ultimatum.'It consisted of a small as it fell, thus protecting the newand placed it in the portion of seed beans and a little comer and its mother from a

bacon boiled and made into soup. showerbath."

wagon to rise. We had flour enough to set it out In many cases the women orgaand in fact we this last time... nized, just as the men did, in order

seemed [to have] a more luxurious to accomplish the goals they had and sumptuous table than usual set for themselves. In one organizawhich made to a stranger an aption resolutions were drawn up.

pearance of plenty."such as those noted by Louisa

That night two men took their Barnes Pratt in her diary: "Reand healthful. They found if they meal with the Stouts, never dreamsolved: that when the brethren call

hung the leftover milk and cream ing it was the last of the family's on us to attend prayers, get engaged on the side of the wagon, it would provisions. Later the family was in conversation and forget what

turn to butter as the wagon jogged reduced to eating boiled corn. they called us for, that the sisters

along. They acquired the skill of As the wagons came into buffalo retire to some convenient place,

working with yeast. When camp country, families busily engaged pray by themselves and go about

was made and a fire laid in an iron themselves in making jerk from the their business."Then Louisa adds,

stove or an oven dug in the side of freshly killed meat. They cut the "If the men wish to hold control

the hill, the wellkneaded loaf was meat into long strips that they over women, let them be on the ready for baking. Often they would dipped in a boiling solution of alert. We believe in equal rights."

find an oven ready for their use, brine. It was then hung on a heavy Often, after children were tucked

left by those who had gone before. cord over a smudge fire for the into bed, the women would gather

Mary M. Voght Garn crossed the night. The next morning the strings in small groups and enjoy the coolplains with seven children. She of meat were looped under the ness and quiet of the evening.

made regular yeast and thickened wagon bows to be dried in the sun. Louisa wrote that "the Platte River

it with cornmeal into a heavy As the days grew into weeks, country was beautiful."The women

dough. She would shape the dough the women of the wagon trains could be seen strolling along the

into small squares and place these knew a companionship with each river banks in the moonlight or in a sjiaded corner of the wagon, other that was very close, brought enjoying a refreshing bath in its knowing that the sun would kill on by the common hardships they waters. "Our hearts, at the same

her carefully guarded yeast plants. suffered. They nursed each other time, glowed with wonder and adWhen new yeast was needed, a new through cholera, mountain fever, miration at the beauty and sublimstart would be made from the last and childbirth. Eliza R. Snow reity of the scenery, alone in a great

wilderness."

Brother and Sister Godfrey are members of the Tempe Sixth Ward, Tempe Though the days were often dull, (Arizona) Stake, where Brother Godfrey is district coordinator of Arizona there were other times when the seminaries Mexico and and New institutes, and where Sister Godfrey is excitement was. almost more than writer. parttime teacher, and mother,

these prairie women needed, as

May 1969 35 day's travel, the held up at the other end by postsWhether they made soap places during the families especially enjoyed their set in the floor. Rope or rawhide

from ashes or paint evenings together. By then all the was stretched across the poles to

from skim milk, outworkers—scouts, ferrymen or form a bed. The cupboards were

ingenuity bridgemen, roadmakers, herdsmen made by again inserting two smaller was their key orcouldhaymakers—werecome to the campfinishedto rest.andAs polespackingin boxthe onlogtopwallof andthem.layingCalicoa

the smoke of the campfires was curtains were hung across the front silhouetted against the pink clouds to keep out the dirt. Stools were

Rachel Lee found out near the end of sunset, the bells of the cattle made for seats, and boxes were used of her journey. As she walked beheralded the arrival of the tired for tables until lumber to build

side her wagon, delighting in the laborers. Many of the women would them could be found.

wind that cooled her a little as she go out to meet them. Later, with In March 1848 a severe storm,

trudged along, an unexpected gust the children in their laps or seated which lasted ten days, saturated whipped her skirts into the wagon about them, they would talk over their sod roof, and the rain came wheel. Historical writer Juanita the events of the day. inside. Brother Home tacked wagon

Brooks wrote that before Rachel "But every day closed as every covers to the roof and the foot of knew it, her skirts were being day began, with an invocation of the bed to let the water run off so "wrapped around and around the the Divine favour; without which, they could sleep. Oilcloth was

hub. She screamed for help as she indeed, no Mormon seemed to dare stretched over the table. As they

tried to extricate them, but in an to lay him down to rest. With the cooked or did housework, they wore

instant they were drawn so tight first shining of the stars, laughter wraps and carried umbrellas. After

that she could only grasp two and loud talking hushed, the neighthe rain had stopped, it still conspokes in her hands, her feet bebor went his way, you heard the tinued to rain inside for quite some tween two others, and make a comlast hymn sung, and then the time.

plete revolution with the wheel."thousandvoiced murmur of prayer Then came the snakes and mice.

The wagon was finally stopped, was heard, like babbling water fallThe snakes were soon frightened and Rachel found herself almost ing down the hills,"wrote Thomas away or killed. But the mice were

right side up but still tightly bound L. Kane. more evasive. They turned up in

to the wheel. Everyone gathered With their destination reached, trunks, beds, and even coat sleeves.

around, trying to decide how to get the women found there were still A trap was invented that consisted her loose. There was no question mountains to be climbed in the of a whittled, round piece of wood

of cutting her clothing, as that form of establishing households in laid over a pail with water in it.

would mean one less item for wear the wilds of the Great Basin. M..The middle of the stick was flat,

that she needed badly. Isabella Home, who arrived in the and grease was put on the edges.

It was decided they would unvalley on October 6, 1847, told of When the mouse ran out to get hook her skirt and unbutton the the difficulties she and other the grease, the wood turned, tippetticoat, and by carefully slitting women faced. ping the mouse into the water.

the placket, she could be pulled "Mr. Home succeeded in buildAfter Sister Haight supplied her

free. Her shoes were unlaced. Then ing two small log rooms that season neighbors with kittens, the supply

as one woman held a blanket to for our family, which consisted of of mice was greatly diminished.

protect her from curious eyes, she my husband, myself, four children, Since their cattle had been was plucked from skirt, petticoats, and Brother and Sister Robert worked down, their meat was very and shoes "as clean as though they Holmes, whom we brought with us, poor, so tough it had to be boiled were skinning the legs of a and when we moved into the house all day. There were no vegetables

chicken."Later the clothing was there were neither doors, windows, except for a few sego lilies and

easily removed from the wheel, and nor floors."parsnips that the children dug.

in the privacy of her wagon Rachel She tells how they made their Isabella says that the segoes were shook them free of wrinkles and furniture, as they had brought with quite good when freshly cooked, put them on again. As she took up them only one chair. Holes were but became thick and ropy as they

her walk again, she kept a wary made in the logs of the house; in cooled.

distance from the wheels. these were inserted poles that Sister Leonora Taylor owned the

After being spread out in various stretched horizontally and were only sieve in the valley. She had

Improvement Era

LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 20 SAVINGS brought a piece of bolting cloth 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 600 SELECTIONS with her that she attached to a No minimum purchase Your choice of items frame made for her by one of the men. borrowed It was when or at books over and records details on to obtain of all LDS and Catalog how 20% 80%

order. will you be included they with your selections when request: savings sent upon more, cash any PpfPICtt whiteof the sisters wanted to make

biscuits.

The women helped each other in THE WAY TO HAPPINESS FAMILY STORAGE PLAN INDEXCOMPREHENSIVE additional ways. Isabella heard of Rulon S. Howells Bob R. Zabriskie HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

a neighbor who had put some red ($1.50) $1.20 ($1.50) $1.20 (reg. $3.00) $2.40

lead and lamp black into skim milk ZION IN THE LASTRoy DoxeyDAYS POWER OF BELIEVINGSterling W. Sill MORMON BruceDOCTRINER. McConkie

and painted her home. She bor- (reg. $1.50) $1.20 (reg. $3.75) $3.00 (reg. $6.95) $5.56

rowed the remaining "paint,"and ON GETTING THINGS ABOUT LIFE & LOVE DOCTRINES OF SALVA- 1, 2, 3.

Fieldingusing a rag, covered her doors and DONE Ray L. White (reg. $2.95)Dr's Belnap & $2.36Griffin TION Vols.Joseph Smith

frames. (reg. $3.25) $2.60 ABOUT MARRIAGE (reg. $3.75) each $3.00

Setting a precedent for their LIFE EVERLASTING &MORE (reg. $11.25) Set $9.00

modern counterparts, the pioneer (reg. $4.50) Duane S. Crowther$3.60 (reg. $2.95)Dr's Belnap & $2.36Griffin LDS BABY BOOK

their to ingenuity usedwomen WhitePink-Blue YEARS FIRST 2,000 $3.60 toolsfashion the they needed. CotCleon Skousen COMPREHENSIVE HIS- (reg. $4.50) W.

ton yarn became fish nets. Floured (reg. $3.95) $3.16 TORYVols. 1,OF2,THE3, 4,CHURCH5, 6. BOOK OF MORMON COMPENDIUM YEARS THOUSAND B. H. Roberts into THIRD rags twisted larded wereand

Sidney B. Sperry W. Cleon Skousen each $3.60

light to candles the homes.crude (refr $695) $5.56 (reg. $5.95) Set $4.76 (reg.(reg. $27.00)$4.50) $21.60

Ashes became soap. Squash and FOURTH THOUSAND, DOCTRINE AND COVEpumpkin thickened cornstalk moYEARS INTRODUCTORY NANTS COMPENDIUM

W. Cleon Skousen Sidney B. Sperry

lasses. (reg. $6.95) $5.56 OFFER (reg. $5.95) $4.76

The first year was a busy time, PROPHECY 25%cash orsavingsmore THE WORLD AND THE with few amusements. But the Duane S. Crowther PROPHETS

Nibley $4.50) Hugh $3.60 felt free be- (reg. happy,pioneers and

(reg. $3.95) $3.16 VITAL QUOTATIONS fear FASCINATING WOMANof mobs.cause they no had

Emerson Roy West UNDERSTANDING CHILHOOD that gardens planted grew (reg.They $4.50) $3.60 DREN Andelin Helen B.

R. D. Wiley (reg. that $5.95) brightened flowerswell $4.46 and FOR MAY KNOW MAN

(reg. $3.95) $3.16 HIMSELFtheir rustic surroundings. The OF VOICE THE

Pres. David 0. McKay I THEE WED PROPHETS ISRAELSfirst root. trees fruit took And by (reg. $4.95) $3.96 Rex A. Skidmore B. Sperry Sidney

(reg. $2.95) $2.36the second year, work had slowed LIVING, LOVING & (reg. $3.75) $1.95

enough to allow time for socials, MARRYING MEANINGFUL LIVING TH E EVERLASTING SPIRES dancing parties, and other activities. (reg. $4.50) Curtis & Anderson$3.60 (reg. $3.00) Paul H. $2.25Dunn (reg. $3.25) Wallace A. Radnor$2.60

It had been a long, hard journey THE REFINERS FIRE UNDERSTANDING THE ARTICLES OF FAITH IN from Nauvoo, but now the rewards Alvin R. Dyer THINGS OF GOD WORD AND SONGRecord

outweighed the labors. Homes were (reg. $5.95) $4.76 Alma P. Burton 33Y3 L.P.

(reg. Tempe Stake Primary $2.95) $1.96 LDS GAME BOOKfirmly established gardens had and (reg. $3.00) $2.40 Alma Heaton TO YOU SO WANT the produce withbeen harvested, (reg. $3.16 $3.95) LIBERALISM, CONSERVARAISE A BOY

put away for winter consumption. ADDED UPON W. Cleon Skousen TISM & MORMONISM

There were free hours for visiting (reg. $1.95) Nephi Anderson$1.56 (reg. $5.50) $3.75 (reg. $1.95) Hyrum L. Andrus$1.56

beloved friends. The pioneer

women once more settled into comPostage & Handling.

fortable routines of keeping a home

United States: Add 15c per $3.00 order or portion thereof for oil books and records.

and making life beautiful and Games, Genealogical Supplies: Add 25c per $3.00 order or portion thereof.

happy for those around them. The All Foreign Countries: Books: Add 20c per $3.00 order or porjourney had helped them grow in Genealogicaltion thereof. AllSuppliesrecords,addGames$1.00 andfor theotherfirstmaterial$3.00 orincludingportion

service, in faith, in love, in strength. of order and 50c for each additional $3.00 or portion.

These attributes would continue to assist these female adventurers in helping to build the kingdom of LDS pjBOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454

God on earth. o 145 East First Ave. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

May 1969 37:<k *V >'*.

*"A Woman's Career

By Lorraine Roberts

> *1tV-"

/l/ustrated by Dick Brown

For ten years I have been counseling school girls of today will spend an teenage girls in their vocational inaverage of 25 years working. Married

quiries as part of the guidance program women who do not have children usually for ninth grade students. Year after spend a greater part of their time workyear, when the girls are asked what ing than do women with children, while

type of career they plan to prepare for, women who remain single can expect the answer received is usually, "Oh! I'm to spend as many years earning a livelinot going to prepare for a vocation. hood as men do—approximately 45

I'm going to be a housewife."years.

Many teenagers do not realize how Most young women work for a few #ij# many women spend time working outyears before they marry. Later, for

side the home. In addition, almost a various reasons, they may return to the

m f third of all mothers with children of labor force. The death of a husband

school age are now employed, and the is one reason some women return to percentage of women workers is increaswork. Others seek employment* being each year. According to the U.S. Decause their husbands become disabled

# 'M partment of Labor, the single woman due to accidents or illnesses. Someher family to for years. This includes times, has grown works when about 40% adulthood, will be a mother of all onetenth about young women.

"Even married women, on the averhappy if she can work for a while to age, can count on rather lengthy work help support Johnny on a mission or to life expectancies—about 30 years for help Dick with his college expenses.

those with children, and about 25 years Occasionally a broken home necessifor those without children,"the departtates a woman's return to the vocational ment has reported. fields.

While mothers are not encouraged to These are a few of the reasons why work outside the home, it is still imevery girl should prepare herself for portant for them to be prepared to some kind of work outside the home.

r earn a living if it should ever become A majority of the girls I interview necessary for them to do so. It is estistate preference for professional occumated that in the United States high pations, such as medicine, law, or social

y:?

i#*#****hu,.

JkS>

4 s3ft?yt.r.. * = *i /V

work. These vocational objectives operators, and programmers. homemaking demands special educasound good, but they are unrealistic The professional and technical position, basic training, and experience. Not

for about 97 percent of these girls. tions are expected to be the most only should the homemaker know the

because only about three percent of rapidly growing occupational groups. art of food preparation, how to sew,

the population will be engaged in pro- "Between 1965 and 1975, employment the techniques of child care, and basic fessional fields. in the professional and technical group first aid and home nursing, but she

Some girls note that they would like is expected to rise by nearly 40 percent must also be a loving wife who can to be airline stewardesses, stenog-—almost twice the rate for total emshare her husband's ups and downs

raphers or typists, or beauticians. Of ployment,"according to the Labor with understanding and affection. She

these three vocations, the stenographic Department report. must know how to kiss away the tears

position is probably the most realistic "Job opportunities generally will inthat invade the little tots'eyes, and she choice from the standpoint of supply crease fastest in occupations requiring must know how to give them the right and demand. the most education and training,"the amount of discipline and freedom so

Few girls express an interest in the report concludes. These are the prothey might be happy, secure children.

semiprofessional or technical occupafessional, technical, and kindred workThe homemaker must be able to tions, such as those of X-ray techniers. Likewise, the less schooling a transmit her feelings of reverence and

cians, medical technicians, laboratory person has, the higher the rate of unher knowledge of the gospel to her assistants. This area certainly needs employment, since jobs for unskilled children so they may possess high

to be stressed as one that will offer workers will decline. moral standards and be active particifine opportunities to those who obtain Teachers at all levels of education pants in the Church as they grow to

necessary training. will be in demand. There will be an adulthood. She must know how to help

In the next decade the following increased need for women workers in budget the family income in such a way trends are expected: medical and health services. that there will be money left each

The clerical field will probably reFull-time and parttime job oppormonth for savings. She must know how

main the area offering the greatest tunities will be available for women in to buy for greatest value, how to mend, number of positions for women. Women sales work, practical nursing, and as repair, and redecorate. She must know

hold twothirds of all clerical jobs, accounter and fountain workers, charhow to manage her time so well that cording to one government survey. women, and cleaners. the household chores are consistently

There will likely be an increased However, girls should actually plan completed and there is still time left demand for women in data processfor two careers: a vocation and the for a bit of visiting with neighbors.

ing—as key punch operators, console career of homemaker. The career of The housewife must know where,

when, how, and how much to help children with their schoolwork. She

must be patient with their failures, and "Every girl should prepare lendear toencouragementthem. She mustand analsointerestedpossess

the ability to close her eyes to many herself for some kind of work. of the daily problems that could cause

her to be negative and to nag at her husband and family. She must be

aware of the importance of putting on a freshly laundered house dress and applying lipstick to smiling lips before her husband arrives home from work.

When the time comes that she re- "The career of homemaking turnsshe willto employmentfind that runningoutside thethe home,house demands special education and situationproperly andhavemaintainingbeen excellenta warm homejob."preparation. Teenagers need to know

basic training.. that they will only be as successful

tomorrow as they are ambitious today in preparing for their future. o

Improvement Era

..A.-VuiV/

iiiillll Proudly Celebrating our100th gear...

This is the big year—our centennial year our nearly 10,000 mile system—hauling

- as it was on May 10, 1869 that the food for your table, furniture for your home, historic "Driving of the Golden Spike"joined automobiles for your business and pleasure.

the rails of Union Pacific with the Central You name it—we probably haul it!

Pacific and created America's first transcontinental railroad—uniting the East and Proud of the past? Yes! But more important,

the West. we're always looking to the future. More

than just a railroad, Union Pacific is a 20th

We're proud of the part we've played in the century spaceage complex of electronics, "winning of the West."When the golden communications, mechanical and scientific

spike finally had been driven, the U. P. devices. A hundred years ago we united

consisted of a single line from Omaha, America by rail. But what have we done for

Nebraska westward just a little more than tomorrow? We have developed a set of

1,000 miles. Today the U. P. operates sharp new tools... people, plans,

in thirteen western states, and every equipment and facilities... to work

minute of every day dozens of on tomorrow's transportation freight trains are moving over problems today.

UNION

PACIFIC RAILROAD PACIFIC GOLDEN SPIKE UNION

Your good neighbor who is 1869 M969

CENTENNIAL helping to build the West

May 1969 41 Teaching Conducted by the By Albert L. Payne

Church School System Illustrated by Virginia Sargent to Teach About How

The young man in the flower nearly completed his education for to think her happiness depended on shop was tall, cleancut, and defi- a professional life, he had decided the happiness of her husband? And,

nitely masculine. As he waited, he to return to his boyhood dreams. more importantly, bow can adults

shifted from one foot to the other; When asked her feelings respecting influence the development of these

and when the flowers were shown this development, the young wife attitudes?

for his approval, he hesitated as said that she and her husband had The teachings of the gospel have he considered what should be writbeen considering this change for helped us understand the eternal ten on the card. The clerk, imsometime, and she had decided that nature and worth of people, but as

patient and anxious to have the whatever would make her husband human beings we have not always matter settled, offered several sughappy, wherever it would be, would been able to transfer this knowledge gestions: "With love,""Lovingly,"also make her happy. into meaningful attitudes and acor "Affectionately."The boy quietly These two experiences are deeptions. We have tried various

declined each suggestion, and at ly revealing of the attitudes these methods of teaching, but we have last his decision was made. "Please young people had about other learned that some of these methods

write, 'Happy Valentine,'"he said. people, and one may well conare not effective.

A capable young secretary told template the origin of such Careless drivers, for example, her employer she was going to recommendable attitudes. What kind usually do not become careful, consign her position in order to acof training or experience prompted siderate, and defensive even though

company her husband to live on a the young man to send flowers to they may see a movie depicting the ranch. Although her husband had a girl friend? What caused the wife dangers of improper driving. ChasImprovement Era

Albert L. Payne, an editor with the Seminaries and Institutes Department of

the Church School System, is a member of the Youth Correlation Committee and a former member of the general board of the YMMIA.Womanhood

tity is not necessarily the product the kind of pedestrian who walks womanhood? First, one must relate

of a lecture by a doctor nor even of on sidewalks instead of lawns, the this ideal to many other things;

a series of lessons in Sunday School, kind of friend who is courteous and and second, one must provide diseminary, or MIA. Young people inoffensive in his personal relarect learning experiences.

may not catch a vision of any ideal tionships with people, and that he Attitudes about womanhood befrom an isolated lesson or lessons. did not learn any of these things in gin with the first experiences of

Attitudes are so deepseated and single lessons or experiences. life. As a girl grows up, she finds

interrelated that teaching them beOne might also conclude that it easier to think of herself as comes a complicated and lengthy wives who are considerate of the womanly if her experiences are process. desires and feelings of their husfeminine.

A youth who thinks of giving bands and have the courage and Girls who can knit, crochet, sew, flowers to a girl friend is likely to be love necessary to yield their plans arrange flowers and furniture, and considerate and thoughtful of learned to be understanding and who dress in dainty things; girls

women under other circumstances. considerate of the feelings of other who know the refining influence of

One may also safely assume that people long before they were good music and literature; girls

he knows that women feel and married. who see the art of motherhood exthink differently about some things How can adults teach ideals and hibited in their homes—these are

than he does. One would suspect attitudes that will result in superior the girls who have, in all probathat he is the kind of driver who behavior by young men and young bility, grown to feel feminine and

adheres to the rules of the road, women with respect to the ideals of therefore want to act and be

May 1969 43 accept this kind of an "...both sexes want women to be the Men who

ideal do not stop to ponder if the personification of the delicate, beautiful, girl or woman approaching the gentle, loving, and spiritual elements of life"door is worthy: they open the door

for her because of their ideal. And

women who accept this kind of ideal and try to live in harmony treated as ladies. When girls have way they mow lawns, pass the with it are disappointed when men

been made conscious of beauty, sacrament, do schoolwork, and treat them as if there were no difharmony, and propriety, and see the participate in hobbies. They should ferences between them and the

potential of incorporating these also have learned to be conscious roles each is meant to play.

qualities in their own lives, they of their appearance and the impresThe second part of the task of will, for example, dress in clothing sion they make, genuinely grateful teaching the ideal of womanhood that tends to be beautiful, modest, for things they receive, and conis to provide immediate learning and appropriate rather than simply siderate of the needs and wishes of experiences. These may be through

faddish. Such girls gradually beothers. In other words, it is alobservation or action, but if the

gin to feel something of the glory most impossible to teach young experiences are to be effective, they of refined womanhood. men about the ideals of womanhood must be directly applicable to the

When young men are rough, if they are weak and selfish and age of the students.

thoughtless, and selfish—apparhave not already learned something Young people need to have modently thinking the world owes them of obedience to standards, conels that they can see and hear. If

something—one may be led to besideration of others, and the place they are fortunate, they have examlieve they may also think that of cultural things in life. ples at home and have already

women arc created for their perYoung men and women must aclearned that womanhood is glorious sonal pleasure. Such an attitude quire a sense of their own worth and worthy of respect. If home

cannot be changed by a lesson on and the worth of others, and they models are not good, young people womanhood. A boy who thinks he must accept a high and noble should have others pointed out in

is the center of a universe created purpose in life, if they are to be the ward or branch. In either case,

to please and serve him usually has receptive to teachings about the the model is adult, and young difficulty imagining that he should ideals of womanhood. They must people will need to learn how to

sacrifice and serve other people. learn selfdiscipline by being readapt what they observe and hear

A boy who does not care if he quired to do things well, and to to their own situation. They should

hurts or offends others has diffisay no to temptation. They must also be given an opportunity to act

culty accepting the rules of etilearn something of the worth of out this ideal. This may be done

quette. A boy who is insensitive to people through giving service graat the time of teaching lessons on

moral values has difficulty underciously and effectively. They must womanhood or on such social graces

standing the place of ideals of any learn about selfrespect and the as courtesy, propriety, and etiquette.

sort in life. If boys have not been feeling of personal dignity and deDuring and as a part of these lestaught to have pride—in themselves, cency through practicing selfcon- sons, enough role playing should

in the appearance of their homes trol. These things together form a take place to give a feeling of

and yards, in the care of their foundation upon which teachers doing things graciously and properclothing, and in the impression they may build concepts and feelings ly. Following the lessons, there

make on others—they will be less about womanhood that are approshould be enough review to enlikely to respond to lessons inpriate and meaningful to young courage application in the students'

tended to change attitudes about people. lives.

womanhood. If, therefore, we are The ideal of womanhood is based Finally, young people should not

to teach them the ideals of womanon selfrespect. Since it is an only be taught the ideal of womanhood, we must begin by teaching ideal, we can find only imperfect hood by precept and example, but

many other things. examples; but it is believed that they should also be made"aware of

Teaching this ideal is not easy. both sexes want women to be the its relationship to other important

It is helpful if boys have already personification of delicate, dainty, values in their lives. They should

learned to take pride in what they beautiful, feminine, gentle, loving, know the disadvantages to them, do—pride in such things as the and spiritual elements of life. personally, if the ideal is lost. o

44 Improvement Era The Wurlitzer Concert Organ with PentaSonic System of Tone Generation

The Wurlitzer Concert Organ represents the culthe softest whisper to brilliant full ensemble, the mination of more than half a century of experience Wurlitzer Concert Organ supports all segments of in organ building by Wurlitzer... an electronic the worship service... as a solo instrument...

triumph in organ tonal design by any standard... accompaniment for choir, congregation or wedding

and Wurlitzer's greatest achievement of modern march... background for prayer. The resources of

times. A totally new concept with five separate the Wurlitzer 4700 provide a quality of sound

tonal sources, eliminating "borrowing"and "unifipossible only on organs costing thousands more.

cation"of voices, the Wurlitzer 4700 transcends In playing dimensions, A.G.O. specifications are

anything you have ever heard in a twomanual rigidly adhered to.

electronic organ... in versatility, authenticity, For more details, and for information on fund

clarity, and in its classic "pipe organ"sound. raising plans available, simply write to Wurlitzer,

Immense in its scope of enchanting voices, from or ask your Wurlitzer dealer.

WURLUZER means Music to millions pianos organs electronic pianos guitars stereos band instruments

DeKalb, Illinois 60115

May 1969 45 A Happy Misunderstanding By Georgia Shiner Illustrated by Virginia Sargent

. '.'"-m ". ".

When he came in from looking after the sheep that He would work in the fields all morning and come in morning, his wife was still in bed, as usual. And as to a meal of potatoes with their skins on and cold

usual he went to the bottom of the stairs and, with boiled ham. He would work all afternoon in the fields

tired pain in his voice, aimed a single word at the and come to a supper of cold potatoes and cold meat bedroom above. loaf.

"Well?"And all the time the house would look as if it were

Wardle waited. There was a faint rustling above, inhabited by seven children in spite of their having

but no answer and no thump of feet on the floor. If none at all to warm the cold silence of the place.

things were normal, Joan would at least give him a It had been going on like this far too long.

groan of reproach. So Wardle knew now that things "I think it's time to do something about it,"Wardle

were not normal. She was still enjoying the huff of said to himself. "Yes, I think it's time."

last night's quarrel about whether her cat was going That morning, after finally getting around his unto be allowed to bring her kittens in by the stove or not. satisfactory breakfast, Wardle found the strange weed.

He had won that quarrel. The cat was still under He had turned the cows out to pasture and was hard

the porch. But he would have to get his own breakat work repairing a fragile section of fence when he

fast as one of the costs of that victory. spotted a whole army of the weeds almost at his feet.

As Wardle lit the fire and tried to find the oatmeal, It was a weed he had never seen before. It seemed

he began to wonder what great virtue in him made to grow in clumps, and at the top of each stalk was a him so patient with this woman. wrinkled flower of a rather bright yellow.

"Why don't I know when I've had enough?"he asked He pulled out a clump and was surprised at the

himself. "There's just so much a person can take."hold the plant had on the soil. Give it another year

Now what pleasure was there in store for this day? or two and it might be spread all over the place, he

thought. in Lost chorister Ward, Shiner, the Leadore Georgia River Weeds, like women, were something that Wardle is grandreports a happy mother (Idaho) Stake, and she mother, and lives "on a ranch some distance from town."could fret about for hours on end. It was this certi46 Improvement Era

fied seed that the government was advising them to with a fat sigh of contentment, and Joan had nothing use nowadays, he thought. Nothing ever passed to say. No demands. Not even a suggestion. On the

through the government's hand without getting some contrary, she seemed to be waiting for some comment sort of contamination. to come from him.

He decided that he would look into the matter of "It was a good dinner,"Wardle said. "Just shows

this new weed, which was grabbing so vigorously at what you can do if you try."

his cherished acres. She smiled at him for the second time, and stood

'Til take a clump of this to the men down at the there in her pink dress and the lipstick as if there were agricultural office,"he said to himself. "They're getting some important thing left undone. It gave him a

paid to tell me what to do about things like this—most uncomfortable feeling.

getting paid out of my taxes."The feeling followed him out to the barnyard, and

A few minutes later, when Wardle went back to followed him and his tractor out to the field. What

the house to return the hammer and fencing staples in the world was she up to? Had she been reading

to the shop in the woodshed 5 he took the weed clump one of these new psychology books?

with him. In the house he wondered how he could At 3:30 his tractor choked up with hay fever or somekeep it fresh until he had a chance to get into town. thing, and Wardle decided to call it a day. This other

Joan still was sleeping off her huff, so he went back thing was still bothering him, anyway. He didn't like

to the fields again, grumbling at the work he had to something he couldn't solve.

do in order to keep such a woman in the luxury of her He thought perhaps he'd leave the heat of the dusty indolence. field and go into town to see how the boys at the

At noon, when Wardle came up to the house, he flour mill were doing. Oh, yes, and he could take

was astounded at the most delightful cooking odors that clump of weeds into the agricultural office. He

coming through the screen door. stopped abruptly.

On the table was the best meal he had seen since Joan was coming up the lane with a little pail in

Christmas. And among other delicacies, the ham was her hand. When she got close enough, he could see

steamed hot and laced with raisins, and the potatoes that the pail was sweating.

were mashed to the lightness of snow. "I made some lemonade,"she said. "You must be

What was more, the house looked as though a awfully hot."

maid had set it in order. There wasn't a thing out of Wardle found the shade of a cranberry bush and

place. sat down. Such a surprise had a remarkable weakenWardle didn't know what to make of it. He looked ing effect. He tried to grin, but his throat didn't

at his wife and noticed for the first time that she was function right. "Joan,"he said at last, "what is this

neat in fresh pink, and that she was wearing lipstick. all about?"

"Are we expecting company?"Wardle asked. Joan sat down beside him.

Joan smiled, and that was a shock too. She had "That was an awful sweet way to try to make up,"

laughed at him plenty of late, but a smile was someshe said, "putting those lovely flowers in a vase for thing he could hardly remember. "No,"she said. me. Why, Wardle, you haven't done a thing like that

"It's just for you."for—well—for ages."

Wardle sat down and took the first bite, and then Wardle tried another drink of lemonade; it didn't

decided to wait for his wife to sit down too. He go down any better than the first one. But it didn't matsmiled a little, but got control of himself quickly. ter, because she suddenly began to hug him.

There was just one reason why she could act like this, That was embarrassing too, because he was so out he reasoned. It was going to cost him money. That of practice, and besides, he was afraid some of the

smile she had given him was a money smile. What neighbors might see. But he got through it all right,

else could it possibly be? and afterward the lemonade went down very well.

But Wardle forced himself to remain decent noneIt was quite a while before they began walking theless. There was no use spoiling so delightful a through the fields together toward the home. And

dinner, no matter what dark intrigue lay behind it. then, suddenly, as if it were rearing its sunny face in a

There had been a time, many years ago, when they smile, another of the weeds was there in front of him.

used to play the little game of making up after a Wardle guessed he never would know what strange quarrel, but Wardle could only vaguely recall the name it bore or where it had come from. But he knew

rules of that game, so distant it was now. he had identified a far more threatening weed in himHe waited for the next move, but the dinner ended self. And he had torn it out by the roots. o

May 1969 47 lor Genealogists

This summer, August 5-8, The Genealogical Society of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will host a World Conference on Records at the Salt Palace in

Salt Lake City. This will be the most comprehensive and

diversified conference on archives, records management, records preservation, library science, genealogical research and other related fields that the world has ever seen.

More than 200 experts from all over the world will discuss a host of topics in more than 180 seminars.

New approaches and techniques of records storage and accessibility will be discussed as will new methods of

Genealogical research. Seminars are planned on 'both

the amateur and professional levels.

PLAN NOW TO ATTEND!

PROGRAM

Techniques of preserving and storing all types Clip out and mail this coupon today for your registration. ---/

of records; emerging technologies for the

Name preservation of records; miniaturization of

records; storage devices—their potential and Address

reliability, etc. Genealogical research procedures City

will be discussed in the following areas: State or Country Zip Code

North and South America, the British Isles, Full Program Registration Before July 1

Scandinavia, Continental Europe, East Asia, South Includes seminars and all activities, (except banquet) $44.00

Asia, South Africa, India, the Middle East and Companion (Husband or Wife) the Pacific Islands; heraldry and its relation Includes seminars and all activities, (except banquet) $22.00

to genealogy; the function of genealogical Amount Enclosed $

societies, hereditary lineage societies; and

for 'sn reservations lodging the during 'y u w ] Check m conference. of family functionthe organizations; iKflJ!aTO&3B&m'-II V i

fill P-S- wish out further information If you name and a to publish genealogy.how 8Flfeffir.i wm 03G/l>Y.

?AK;Yvl$=bHl? I address only and mail to:

A CONFERENCE SUCH AS THIS MAY NEVER *SLS(ZCfitefSjgggZ -i- WorldP.O. BoxConference11484 on Records Registrar,

BE REPEATED. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

WORLD CONFERENCE ON RECORDS August 5-8, 1969 -Salt Lake City, Utah

48 Improvement Era Yester

These are the things A young girl loves...

1869 1969

A hat, a purse, /; - r, Cfffk.x

A pair of gloves,

'***mnni ""'f,

*J**- A scarf, new shoes,

A dress, >'/

A book, a doll,

;v An iron to press. -?-"- ""7>

etrao iTCTfiin Marion D. Hani <s, Editor

Elaine Cannon, As sociate EditorMay 1969 *vr\4

sn tr% Step Right Up to Happiness!

Be a Special Kind of Girl By Elaine Cannon There is a special kind of girl who goes where the action is, but only if the action is the right kind...

who centers the happy storm about her, but doesn't stir up one.

who makes a mere event a happening.

who isn't content with contentment.

who doesn't fight the inevitable nor ignore opportunities.

—but who joins forces with time and fate and rises to every occasion.

This special kind of girl knows that the way she moves, the way she speaks, the fragrance about her, and the good things she does mark the difference between herself and the girl who just doesn't really care enough about being a girl.

This special kind of girl makes up her own mind after careful, prayerful thought.

She sets her own image.

She's tasteful, individual, exciting. She's WOW! She has "pizazz."

She's worthwhile and a breath of sweet life.

Step right up to happiness. Take the first step now to

becoming that special kind of girl.

May 1969 51 Life's Best To the Girls It is the crowning accomplishment and the noblest fulfillment of a beautiful woman to be the wife, mother, homeNot Yet Married maker, heart of the home for which, in her happiest and highest dreams, By Jeane Woolfenden she longs. If in the course of experience

this doesn't happen, or if it be delayed, It is good to be a part of life. And the ones with the

will you, while you wait for it to happen, most energy, time, daring, ways, and means are the young be bravely on the way, content to make especially young women—when they discover partying with

the best of life? Will you yet make of peers, folk singing by guitar, philosophizing over Milton, cooklife a sweet and wholesome and meaning for the fellows, playing tennis in the sun, reading Hemingingful and giving thing? Will you be way with an apple, being at a fireside, or listening to

preparing not only for what you hope Scheherazade near a fireplace.

might happen some day but also for But there is a certain set of young ladies who suffer what happens every day? attacks of "frightitus,"or "insecurenemia,"or "lastchance

How will you be preparing for the panicia,"each of which seriously hampers their active, creative highest fulfillment of your dreams? How lives. It occurs mainly in girls between the ages of 20 and

will you be preparing for a life that can 30. It can be seen in its most concentrated form in college

be all that a good life ought to be, if it seniors in the spring. That is why it is called Senior Panic.

isn't all you would like it to be? How But it affects any girl who lowers her level of resistance and

will you be becoming that which will succumbs to social pressure (selfimposed or otherwise).

most graciously and appropriately fulWhat is it that victimizes hundreds of bright, young, lively fill the happiest hope of your life? girls? It is the creeping, binding, stifling attitude that they

The outline is simple: are worthless because they are not married and have no immeLoyalty to self, whether life brings us diate prospects. I know girls who on Friday night will not

all that we would hope or less than we even take the garbage out for fear of having someone see might dream. Stretch your mind. Give them and know that they do not have a date that evening.

it a daily task beyond its present These girls feel fingers pointing their way, naming them strength. "Miss Social Reject of the Month."

Loyalty to others—those near us and This type of girl sees gray clouds of depression and foggy

beloved of us and those beyond the near ditches of discouragement in her path. She will not participate

circle of our immediate family and in parties or outings, supposing that her prince or knight or friends. whatever will come dashing to the door on a charger and whisk

Loyalty to life, for by our lives we can her away in her dowdy grubbies and rollers. She plans on

qualify for the love and respect of those "in the future,"when she will sew a new summer dress, go about us. hiking with friends, attend a symphony concert, or write a

Loyalty to God: responding to the short story. She cannot do it now, because she dreams that

highest and noblest wishes and comat any moment the phone will ring and at the other end will mands of God will measure considerbe a masculine voice saying, "Are you too busy to go with able of our enjoyment and our contrime to the temple Friday?"

bution, o Marriage is for eternity. Now is as much eternity as

marriage will be in the future. If you are not finding happitalk Marion(Excerpts given by Elder a from D. ness now, can you expect to find happiness when you are Salt a tribute during Tabernacle LakeHanks in the

to Sister Emma Rae Riggs McKay) married? Now is the time to create happiness. o

52 Era of Youth

p-'.f- of TheWorld Twitty Women By Nancy

Senior at Brigham Young University

Is it a woman's world? place in the vocal division of the Munich InterThat ageold question has been the subject of national Competition in 1963.

many goodnatured debates throughout the world. Also winning national plaudits, Sister Belle

Since the courageous struggles of American pioSpafford, general president of the Relief Society, neer women and crusading marches of temperance has been named president of National Council of leaders, more and more eyes have focused on the Women.

power of womanhood. Great women of past According to a recent study completed by jourdecades from countries abroad have long been nalist Marilyn Mercer, onethird of the Amerilauded, such as Polish Nobel prize winner Marie can labor force are women. Seven percent of

Curie, and Victorian English writers Emily and American doctors are women, and ten percent

Charlotte Bronte. of women college teachers are full professors.

But today, on the eve of a new decade, the More than ever before, young'people are con- ''woman's world"is producing some greats in tributing valuable ideas and talents to the world.

everything from creative housework to aeroNew on the political front and active in comnautics. munity affairs are the daughters of President

Renowned in music circles is Alicia de Larrocha, Richard M. Nixon, Tricia, 22, a June graduate of

hailed as the greatest Spanish pianist in our genFinch College in New York, and her sister Julia, eration. Veronica Tyler, celebrated American 20, a student at Smith College in Massachusetts.

soprano, has won numerous successes, including Also newcomers in national news are Pamela second prize in the Tchaikovsky International Agnew, 25, and Susan Agnew, 20, daughters of

Music Competition in Moscow in 1966 and first VicePresident Spiro Agnew.

Many young Latterday Saint women are standouts in leadership, creativity, grace, beauty, intellect.

These include the following

Scientist Sharon Hintze, Provo, Utah, one of Champion speed skaters are Jean Ashworth, 24 United States college students chosen to receive Olympic bronze medal winner, and Barbara Lockthe Marshall scholarship given by the British govhart, a U.S. Olympic representative.

ernment, is studying for a master of science degree Singers (and sisters) Kathie Olson and Cheryln at a university in Great Britain. Olson Hart recently won first place prize of $1,000

Actress Heather Young plays stewardess Betty in the AllAmerican College Show, aired on naHamilton in the television series Land of the Giants. tional television.

Performer Sandi Griffiths is part of a singing Reigning Mrs. America, Joan Fisher, wife of

duo with the Lawrence Welk Show. M. Byron Fisher of Salt Lake City, and mother of

Carol Lynn Pearson, Provo, Utah, is the author three children, claims "most girls don't realize that of popular poetry book Beginnings and nationally housework can be fun—if they use a little

published magazine articles. creativity!"

54 Era of Youth Campus coed Tracy Anderson from Las Vegas, Indian queen Rose McCabe from Leupp, AriNevada, a junior zoology major at Arizona State zona, was named Miss Navajo 1969 and, as official

University, was recently named "Miss National royal representative of the Navajo tribe, will tour

Cheerleader."the United States and Europe this year.

Patty McMaster is a leader in church as well Kristine Webb, reigning as a young beauty as in school. In Columbia Falls, Montana, she queen in Lavaca, Arkansas, and her young brother

has been named "the best friend a teen can have"are the only LDS students in the school system—this, with a long list of impressive scholastic, there.

campus, and church involvements and honors. Kim Bradshaw is a ballerina with the New York

Zesty Jamie Conkling and Liza Rey, of the popuBallet Company and a cover girl for Seventeen lar King Cousins, appear on the King Family magazine. Her friends insist she is lovely to know

television shows regularly, college studies perand a fine example of what an allaround girl mitting. ought to be. o

May 1969 55 Editors'Note: Patty Jackson is 'Vegetating at home.") For ous with another fellow, and

planning a spring wedding in the Salt

Lake Temple with Michael Cannon, our purposes, we will dewho adheres to the principles the missionary she waited for. scribe a waiting girl as of the gospel. Viewing the

one who sends her missionwaiting experience in happy

Are you waiting for a misary three or more letters a retrospect, I offer ten reasionary? Rather, are you month, who considers him sons why every girl given

writing to a missionary? the special boy she has dated, the opportunity should ac-

(Some define waiting as who doesn't become too sericept the challenge of waiting

issionaries need a reliable peer with whom to communicate and keep up on the happenings at home. M

t is a good test of your feelings for one another.

I

tatistics say you won't wait. It's worth waiting just to

throw them off!

piritual growth awaits you when you share his experiences in letters. S

f you keep busy, the time literally flies.

I

ne reason why so few women are missionaries might be that our first calling is to stay home and write to them O either of you will change unfavorably if you make use of open communication, thoughtfulness, and prayer. N

ctivity in the Church becomes more meaningful as he opens exciting doors to the gospel for you. A

omance slides to the background, and you see yourselves more clearly and become better friends. R

ou can't lose (unless you lock yourself in a closet while he's gone).

Reflections in the Wind By Karen Slater Here I stand:

The girl I was, the person I am, and the ivoman I Do You will become,

The girl I was—Qualify The three of us so dependent upon the other. laughing, carefree, young (life was a game I'd

Afraid of nothing, loving everything, trusting for the always won!)

all.

The person I am—

still laughing, not quite as carefree, still young Heavyand winning at the game of life, but playing with grownup rules. Afraid of self, loving

many, trusting few, but happy and contented with all. Needing nothing but time to grow, Wait expand, mature, and discover the hows and

whys within myself.

The ivoman I will become—Award? laughing, purposeful, young in heart, having

won the game of life playing with God's rules. By Patty Jackson

Afraid of evil, loving all that is good, trusting in the Lord. Full of the joy which comes from

To elaborate on that last a marriage sealed by the Holy Spirit of Promise, point, remember that life and blessed with loving children sent from God.

doesn't go away with your How can the three of us emerge as an innocent, boyfriend. It may seem that humble daughter of God?

way at first, but the busier I am today what I did yesterday, ajid tomorrow you are while he's away, the I'll be what I did today.

happier you'll be. Joining How many days of procrastination can I produce

clubs, cultivating talents, acand still remain innocent?

cepting dates, and—most imHow many times can I ignore another's need and

in Church still remain humble?portant—growing

activity are surefire ways to Wake up!

stay happy during and after Tomorrow's silver lining can only be seen after his mission. As your missionthe tears have been shed and the cloud of sorrow

ary develops and progresses, is turned inside out, so must you. The tears of the truly penitent soul—the broken

When your sergeantat- heart laid at the feet of Christ.

armslength comes home Tomorrow's silver lining is only for the brave, with his wellworn dark the strong, the submissive, the meek, the loving, suits, white shirts, and stanthe humble, the innocent.

dard works, you're in for a The woman I will become is dependent upon the real adventure! If your comperson I am now.

munication has been sincere How unfair that her salvatioyi should rest upon and thoughtful, and if you've one so proud, so vain, so frightened, so weak.

made the Lord a third party Why curse her for my mistakes?

in your partnership, the How careful, then, I must be, for mine is not the outcome can only be bright. only soul I must save from future grief.

The worst you could find Hers too, and the girl I was—

is renewal of a friendship. Three of us dependent upon a bending willow in

The best, of course, would be the wind.

a glorious and eternal exHere I stand:

pansion of what drew you The girl I was, the person I am, and the ivoman together in the first place. I will become.

L.ikeYou No One

By Lois Kjar Brown

Your skirts are too short, He's never been near when

Your hair is too long, You've said family prayer;

Your mascara's too heavy, I doubt that he really would

Your lipstick's all wrong! Very much care

Your room is a mess To hear your concern

Of mysterious collections, As you seek the Lord's aid

And you fiercely deny us For the neighbor who's ailing,

The right of inspections. Or with plans we have made.

The phone is your link I doubt he'd attach

To the world you just left; A true valuation

When you've been home one hour, To the growth of your soul

You're completely bereft As you showed great elation

If by then not one call Over seeing a friend

Has come in on that thing, Win the prize you both sought,

And your ears all but twitch With no tinge of envy

Awaiting its ring. A part of your thought.

Your nerves are a-jitter, Would he know how we feel

Your young brother's a pest, When we get as our pay,

You're sure all you need For a dress that we've labored on

Is a solid week's rest; Day after day,

But there's pep club and chorus, A smile and a hug

Speech contests and such, And proud exclamation,

And there s no time to help me "Gee, thanks, Mom! You're great!

At least not too much. "My favorite relation!"

An efficiency expert Perfection's for heaven,

Should tear you apart, So while we're on earth

Refashion and streamline We're willing to settle

Head, hand, and heart! For just what it's worth,

Then again—I don't know For the wonderful feeling

Could I trust him to see That's shared by us two

What there is about you When we say to each other,

That appeals so to me? There's no one like you!"

Editor's Note: These: verses have

been excerpted from a tribute written to daughters by the wife of

Bishop Victor L. Brown of the Presiding Bishopric.

58 Era of Youth Something Better?

By Jeanette B. Jarvis

What could be better than being a girl,

All sugar and spice and maybe a curl,

Or ironstraight hair and an eager look;

A nibbler now—a potential cook;

Buried in studies or draped on the phone,

Surrounded by friends—or completely alone?

What is more fun than being a girl,

Prettying up for Joe, Dick, or Verl?

I'll tell you what's better (And some of you know)—

It's being that lovely girl's mom.

Editor's Note: And Mom ought

to know. She was a girl herself

once upon a time!

BYU—thee Now school for thee

for meEternity China Sea—me And war

A faraway we A year before we By a Soldier A closer He. A watching He.

The reader—thee Apartment for thee A problem for thee? The poet—me A hooch for me No problem for me—

The subject—we A house for we? In the end will be we

The critic—He. Built unto He. And a helping He. Editor's Note: This

bit of verse was writ- A tennisshoed thee Then a glowing thee A prayer from thee tenVietnamby a tosoldierhis girlin

A junglebooted me Beside a proud me A prayer from me anonymouslyat home. It is printedbe-

A footloose we One eternal we A kneeling we maycauseyethemarrysayssomeshe

A guiding He. A caring He. An answering He. one else!

May 1969 59 60 Era of Youth The Boys Talk About Girls!

Moderator: Paul, it seems you are being make the time together

inconsistent. You said you more fun?

Editor's Note: Special bonus feature liked a changing girl. Bill: She ought to be able to

for springtime... five LDS boys sat Paul: You don't understand... carry on an intelligent contable and talkedaround our staff in- I like a girl who is crazy versation, to talk about they like and about whatformally

don't like about girls. It was taped. and colorful, but real. No something besides "what

It too! It transcribed. was edited, was act. This is how she is. This high school did you go to?"highlights. Panel areHere some of the

members are Steve Jardine, college changing of moods is her or "what are your hobbies?"

Bill world traveler;sophomore and

thing. Moderator: Like the scriptures? juniorBlack, college and returned

missionary; Paul Reynolds, high Steve: I like a girl who makes an All: No! No! Not on a date.

SorenPeterschool senior and artist;

actor; effort on a date to make it Peter: Religion maybe, but not school junior andsen, high

Don Johnson, high school senior and a successful evening. This scriptures.

skier. kind of girl doesn't sit Bill: Yes, religion is good, or

around all night waiting world events, or art, or

Moderator: The question for discussion for the boy to entertain anything like that, but

is "What About Today's her. she shouldn't play the litGirls."All right, men, what Bill: When a fellow has dated a tle backand-forth game of

about them? What do you lot, he sees a lot of cute, questions and answers.

like in a girl? fun, and nice girls. But he Don: When I want to talk about

Bill: I like a girl who is fun to also sees that a lot of girls myself, I'll tell her!

be with but can still keep today are all alike, as if Moderator: So you all agree a girl needs

her cool. they are following a patto be a skillful conversaPeter: I like a girl who talks. I tern, copying some big star tionalist. Anything else?

can't stand those who just or model or something. I Peter: Well, if she doesn't like

sit and say nothing all like a girl to be her own what you have planned for night. A girl ought to be type. the evening, she had better

part of the scene—doing Steve: Sincere! Boy, a fellow can say so at first or else not

things. I'd rather have her tell when she's playing the let on about it by the way

talk all night than not talk role. she acts.

at all. Peter: Another thing... a girl Don: I think a girl ought to be

Paul: I like a girl who is conought to learn how to fit happy with your plans. Boys

stantly changing all the the situation. There is a look forward to dates and

time... clothes, hairdo, time to be mature and a try to plan something nice.

girl ought to be appreciapersonality, interests. One time to be immature—you A

who's interesting! know, like being willing to tive and lively. She should

Don: I like a girl who is authenswing or teetertotter in the go along with what you

tic, plays her own role, and park. Then when you go to have in mind for her.

doesn't put on a big show a fancy restaurant, she Peter: Like walking two paces

trying to be someone else. grows up again. behind?

Paul: Yes, that's what I like, too. Moderator: What should a girl do to (Laughter)

May 1969 61 Moderator: What about a girl's appearand the rules of etiquette? Bill: I want her to inspire me

ance today? How do you Can a girl call you up? to be better and yet able to

like the fashions and hair Paul: I don't mind if a girl calls accept me as I am. That

styles and makeup? me up. Just so she isn't takes heart.

Don: A girl shouldn't wear too hinting for me to ask her Don: She's got to have a good

much makeup, especially out. reputation—stable and

eye goo lumped all over Steve: I don't like girls to call me. know what she wants in

her lashes or smeared Don: I don't mind. She can make life.

several colors under her a friendly call. No big deal, Steve: Honesty. I want her to be

eyebrows. I really like a though. honest with me and I want

girl to look natural, clean. Peter: I raise another point—why to be able to speak honPeter: Yeah. If it gets a little do girls expect boys to open estly, frankly with her withwarm, the eye goo melts doors and all that always? out worrying where it will be

and her eyes turn 17 dif- I don't think a boy has to told in what social circle.

ferent shades. Awful! open doors all the time for Moderator: Are Church standards and

Steve: Some girls look half asleep a girl. Church membership imporas their eyelids droop unPaul, tant?

der the weight of ail that Steve: I disagree! Peter: For a wife, yes. For a date,

black stuff. Bill: He should always have maybe no.

Paul: If she looks good—if the enough respect to open a Steve: That's how you find a wife

total picture of makeup, door for a girl, even if—you date her first.

clothes, hair is good, but they've been married ten Don: If a girl doesn't meet

you just can't pick out any years and he's just taking Church standards, you can't one reason why she looks her to the drugstore. go to the temple. A boy

I like her to be casual, like has to look ahead. good—then it's right. Don:

Steve: If she feels selfconscious one of the guys, when Paul: I find that the girls I like

about it, she shouldn't be the situation calls for it best turn out to be Morwearing it. games, picnics. mons anyway. We have

Don: Natural. That's what I like. Paul: No. A boy ought to open more in common. That's

Toohigh fashion can make the doors. important.

a boy embarrassed. People Peter: Why? That's acting. She's Bill: You shouldn't compromise

stare. not helpless. She can turn your own standards when

Bill: Understated clothes. Never the little handle as well as you date, because you have

too extreme. Moderation in you can. your own reputation to

all things. Paul: I personally feel better think of.

Moderator: Spoken like a true missionwhen I play things by the Moderator: How about one last bit of

ary! What about hair? rules. It's the system, and advice to the girls?

Bill: If she wears long hair, it it needn't be awkward for Peter: Be flexible.

ought to be curled so she anyone. It's natural to do Bill: Be concerned to be the best

looks as if she cares. it right. Then everyone possible person; then you'll

Peter: I disagree! Long hair is betknows what's happening be liked for what you are.

ter straight. But it ought to when. It's really easier and Paul: Don't talk about other boys

be clean and worn only by a lot nicer. and other dates when out

girls who look good that Steve: A girl ought to know the with someone else.

way. rules and make it easy for Don: Natural. Be natural. NothDon: I love a girl with long the boy to follow them. ing phony—in makeup or

blonde hair. Moderator: What kind of girl do you personality.

Moderator: What's her name? look for in a wife? Steve: Care about being with the

(Laughter) All: A good conversationalist. boy, not about how much

All: Natural blonde. No dye Someone I can talk to. he has to spend on you or

jobs. No complicated combSomeone who'll listen. what you are going to do.

outs. No hair spray. NatuModerator: You boys go heavy on the Make an effort to make the

ral. conversational thing. What time together exciting and

Moderator: What about boys and girls else? fun.

62 Era of Youth

Girls MIA MIA girls help the blind to see.

Winder Stake MIA girls are busy preparing library materials for circulation at the Utah

State Library Commission. The blind and physically handicapped in Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming

are users of the materials prepared at the Salt

Lake Regional Library. In addition, Latterday

Saint patrons throughout the world may obtain their religious books from the Division for the and the Blind

Blind and Physically Handicapped of the Utah

State Library in Salt Lake City.

The girls are seen processing materials for circulation. This includes recording books onto

tape, making copies from master tapes, erasing tapes for reuse, binding largeprint books, filing and shelving tapes, duplicating braille, circulating braille magazines, dusting braille books, and recording requests made by patrons for circulation.

Photos by Eldon Linschoten

I

I ft—.* t**4fe&-(e / $*-/, w% r*J 1, i /ri, /,,',

jf*-V'*t/fe.. t

<&*.yfo4:AAm *-0+i0*r st*s-%w.eAi, AMt. *-*JVt*"<!t*4*0'l

T> i)*44i,*'--*"y—&. ypCi-'L. oiX*- &eu AutA*L+T,; /Cf7H*i fu,n. /fizt, c /fr'fU.Cf x-dj

Retrench

. And Be ItHerebyResolved.

On ATa?/ 27, iS70, /Msit sm months after President Brigham Young RESOLUTIONS

admonished his daughters to retrench in their dress and conduct, resolutions for the new Ladies'Cooperative Retrenchment AssociAdopted by the first young Laation were adopted at a meeting in the Hth Ward in Salt Lake City. dies'department of the Ladies'

Recording secretary for that meeting was Isabella Eleanor Harden Cooperative Retrenchment AsPratt, whose copy of the resolutions is reprinted above in her own sociation, Salt Lake City, orga27, 1870. handwriting. Sister Pratt, a daughter of Elder Parley P. Pratt, nized May

was just 16 years of age when she held the secretarial position; Resolved.—That, realizing ourshe later moved to Fillmore, Utah, where she married Franklin selves to be wives and daughters

Alonzo Robison. Their daughter, Mrs. Carrie Pratt Robison Desof Apostles, Prophets and Elders

pain of Salem, Oregon, recently presented this original copy of the of Israel, and, as such, that high resolutions to YWMIA President Florence S. Jacobsen. responsibilities rest upon us, and

66 Improvement Era that we shall be held accountable Saints in 1831, the Lord said, ral beauty and dignity of the huto God, not only for the privi- "Thou shalt not be proud in thy man female form, and will not leges we inherit from our faheart; let all thy garments be disgrace our persons by wearing

thers, but also for, the blessings plain, and their beauty, the beauthem, and also, as fast as it shall we enjoy as Latterday Saints, ty of the works of thine own be expedient we shall adopt the we feel to unite and cooperate hands."All of which we accept wearing of homemade articles,

with, and do mutually pledge as true principle, and such as and exercise our united influence ourselves that we will uphold should be fully illustrated in our in rendering them fashionable.

and sustain each other in doing practice.

Signed Mrs. Ella Y. Empy, Pres.

good. Resolved.—That with a firm and Emily Y. Clawson

settled determination to honor Zina Y. WilliamsResolved.—That, inasmuch as

the Saints have been commandthe foregoing requirements, and Maria Y. McDougal

ed to gather out from Babylon being deeply sensible of the sinCaroline Y. Croxall

and "not partake of her sins, ful ambition and vanity in dress Miss Dora Young that they receive not of her among the daughters of Zion, Pkebe Young plagues,"we feel that we should which are calculated to foster Counselors not condescend to imitate the the pride of the world, and shut pride, folly and fashions of out the spirit of God from the the world. And inasmuch as the heart, we mutually agree to

.Church of Jesus Christ is likened exert our influence, both by Fifteenth Anniversary

example, to and by sup- a precept a hillunto a city to be set on By Donnell Hunter to eventually eradipress, and it nations, to all of lightbeacon is our duty to set examples for cate these evils. When you were just eighteen, I, others, instead of seeking to patResolved.—That, admitting varislightly older,

tern after them. ety has its charms, we know that {At love's kindling point) felt

real greater to appears beauty ignite, myself will respect weResolved.—That in dress a plain advantage incense. inthan Like I made obeisance apostolic ancient and modern

when bedizened with finery, and at the sight structions. St. Paul exhorted

Timothy to teach "the women while we disapprobate extravaOf long hair lightly falling past gance and waste, we would not, your shoulder.to adorn themselves in modest

like the Quakers, recommend hair, a Ablaze, with braided I soared—freed fromapparel—not uniform, but would have each orbits colder. aror costlyor gold or pearls,

ray; but which becometh women one to choose a style best adaptSweet influence fired my lonely

ed to her own taste and person world with light.possessing godliness, with good

at the same time we shall avoid, False friends laughed. "Heartsworks."Peter, also, in his first

and ignore as obsolete with us,epistle, in speaking of women, make just one flight—

says, "Whose adorning, let it not all extremes which are opposed With time,"some scoffed, "your to good sense or repulsive tobe that outward adorning of meteor love will smolder."

modesty. plaiting the hair, and wearing of gold, or of putting on apparel, Resolved.—That, inasmuch as But must time always dampen

but let it be the hidden man of cleanliness is a characteristic of youthful fires?

the heart, in that which is not a Saint, and an imperative duty, Our tested bond of marriage recorruptible, even the ornament we shall discard the dragging assures me.

of the meek and quiet spirit, skirts, and for decency's sake, Emancipated, loneliness expires.

which is in the sight of God, of those disgustingly short ones, Unquestioning, your faithfulness great price: for after this manextending no lower than the boot secures me.

ner in olden time, the holy tops. We also regard paniers and Though true, I may no longer

women also, who trusted in God, whatever approximates in apglow the same, adorned themselves."In a revepearance toward the "Grecian But love can burn without an

lation given to the Latterday Bend,"a burlesque on the natuopen flame.

May 1969 67 The Centennial resnvities-- Ghurchwide andYearlong

By Mabel Jones Gabbott Editorial Associate

June Conference 1969 will initi- a special centennial song has been wear modern semiformal attire, but ate a Churchwide, yearlong celebraheld, and four new songs will be a floor show will feature elegant tion of the organization of the sung at the sunrise service by a ballroom costumes of 100 years ago.

Young Women's Mutual Improvechorus of 500 girls. Another 500 A talent show sponsored by the

ment Association. Plans to comgirls will march into the Tabergeneral board's drama department

memorate the first 100 years of nacle, carrying banners and flags. will be featured in the Little TheaYWMIA have been in the making A 50minute film, Pioneers and ter during the evening.

for almost three years. AccomplishPetticoats, will be premiered at The celebration will continue in

ments of the YWMIA in the past this sunrise session. The film, prothe department meetings of the

century have been big, and so are duced by Brigham Young Univerconference on Saturday, June 28, the plans for remembering this sity Studios and written by Joyce with each group featuring the concentury of sisterhood. O. Evans, member of the YWMIA tributions of the girls or the history

Setting a spiritual tone to all general board, teaches what MIA of its particular department. In the

activities will be a sunrise service did for a girl in 1869 and what it young women's executive meeting for all YWMIA leaders throughout can do for a girl in 1969 and 2069. on Saturday morning, a delightful

the Church to be held in the TabIt will be shown throughout the skit, entitled "Be Thou An Examernacle on Friday, June 27. General Church during the centennial year. ple,"will feature the life and conYWMIA President Florence S. The opening activity of the festribution of each of the seven

Jacobsen will review the past huntivities will be a ball on Thursday, presidents of the YWMIA. This

dred years, and President N. Eldon June 26, at Salt Lake City's new will be a slideprojected presentaTanner of the First Presidency will Salt Palace. Nine thousand stake tion that may later be used in the

give the keynote address, pointing leaders, who will receive engraved wards and stakes during the year.

the future for this beloved worldinvitations, are expected to attend. In the joint executive department

wide organization. The Utah Symphony will provide on Saturday, the "Family Fair"will

During the past year a contest for the music. Those attending will be introduced as a possible centen68 Improvement Era

YWMIA

nial activity in which an entireward family may participate. The MEMENTOS

delightful fair, with a new fair song and an 1869 flavor, will feature the COMMEMORATING

MIA quilt, made from a pattern that has been designed for the 100 YEARS OF centennial.

At the Lion House, where it allbegan in 1869, there will be an SISTERHOOD open house on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday from 4:00 to 8:00 New and exclusive treasures created for your personal

p.m. for all MIA conference visipossession or to present as a token of appreciation to

tors. The hostesses will be in piooutstanding girls and women of the Church. Each item

designed to mingle the culture of the days of the daughters neer costumes, and oil paintings of of Brigham Young with the excitement of twentiethcentury the general presidents of the living. Order limited. early—quantitiesYWMIA will be on display in the

garden. Also on display will be Centennial plate demementos of the centennial, inpicting multicolored

cluding the following: a centennial thepicturenineteenthof a girl andof

china plate, medallion, and linen twentieth centuries in beautiful china.

towel, each of which depicts the $5.00 if mailed "A Century of Sister-

$4.00 if picked up girl of 1869 1969 counterand her Chronologicalhood—aCollage of YWpart; a pattern, quilt centennial

MIA,"one hundred Centennial The Meinincorporating the quilt the B. block pages covering 100 dallion, depicting the

$2.00 girlsymbols of the a broof and her years. and 1869 YWMIA;

chure, A Century of Sisterhood, Available1969 counterpart.in gold or

with 100 pages of historical events, silver. $3.00 (Sterling

covering 100 years of YWMIA Silver $3.50)

progress.

The dance festival at the Univer- C. ternCentennialincorporatingQuilt Patthe

sity of Utah stadium June 27 and 28 symbols of the YW-

F. History of the YWMIAwill feature the eras of each of manyMIA. Makesquilt designs.up into by Marba C. Josephthe YWMIA general presidents in $1.50 son. $1.00

dance, costume, lighting, and stag-

D. Centennial Linen Towing. will "There's theme be The

girl el with the of 18SS jt.\*. ] 1888 special a a Girl,"Nothing Like and yesteryear and today

allgirl dance will be presented. midst pictures of - \

meaningful landIt is activities hoped that kh''from marks and motifs. uU L 1 $1.00 m will Conference be carriedJune n

over into centennial celebrations in the wards and stakes; for instance,

centennial balls for the coming

MIA year will take the place of PLEASE CLIP AND MAIL, OR SEND REQUEST ON PLAIN PAPER

Gold and Green balls, and are to be scheduled as near as possible to the GeneralP. O. BoxChurch11627Distribution Center

centennial date, November 28, 33 Richards Street 1969. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

list Please the j number of each item desire that you to purchase. of the Church Thus members Centennial Plate-$4.00 each j: Centennial Linen Towel—$1.00 each

if mailed) ($5.00 enjoythroughout the world may

1the festivities and remember the L7J Centennial(SterlingMedallion—$3.00Silver—$3.50eacheach) D Centennial Collage—$2.00 each

Quilt Centennial each Pattern—$1.50 History of the YWMIA- $1.00 each S as they ofpurposes the YWMIA

order ( ). money ( ) check one- 1 enclose auxiliary this on itshonor

hundredth anniversary. O Name Ar)Hrss<5

City State 7ip Code

May 1969 69 (Part 2)H0W tO

night after the last supJesus, who was deleGuidelines on how gated by the Father to per, he said to his aposcome to the earth, gives tles, "Verily, verily, I say us the master example to do a better job unto you, He that beof good administration lieveth on me, the works through proper delegatin your position that I do shall he do ing. His leadership was also; and greater works

perfect. Rugged, able than these shall he do; and enjoy it more men whom he called to because I go unto my

be his apostles gave Father."(John 14:12.)

up prosperous business Through delegating, careers to follow him. Jesus desired to lift

Many of his delegated rather than to suppress missionaries traveled the individual.

without purse or scrip. All through the Church

Men suffered great hardships in carrying out his intoday men and women are growing in stature'through structions, but his delegated disciples went forth into positions delegated to them.

the world bold as lions through his charge. They Second, in delegating, Jesus did not make the asaccomplished things they had never dreamed possible, signment sound easy; rather, he made it sound excitNo leader ever motivated men and women as did he. ing and challenging.

Jesus has given those who are called to positions of Peter was a prosperous fisherman. When Jesus

leadership in his service today at least eight lessons called him to his service, he did not ask him to give in wise and effective delegating: up his business and become a preacher or missionary.

First, the organization he established (the Church) He made the call much more interesting. Mark's

was structured in a framework of delegated authority. account describes the call this way:

This was true of the Church when he was on the "Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw earth; it is true of his restored Church today. The Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints builds sea: for they were fishers.

leaders by involving people delegated through "And Jesus said unto me, Come ye after me, and I authority. When the Savior was on earth, he called will make you to become fishers of men.

twelve apostles to assist him in administering the "And straightway they forsook their nets, and folChurch. He also called the seventy. He delegated lowed him."(Mark 1:1618.)

others. There were to be no spectators in his Church. Similarly, in delegating the seventy to go forth as

All were to be involved in helping to build the kingmissionaries, Jesus made the assignment sound indom, and as they built the kingdom, they built themteresting:

selves. "Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is

Jesus aimed to exalt the individual. In that momengreat, but the labourers are few; pray ye therefore the

tous meeting with Moses on the Mount, the Lord Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers declared: "For behold, this is my work and my gloryinto his harvest."(Luke 10:2.)

to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of Yet Jesus did not make his assignment sound easy.

man."(Moses 1:39.) At the outset he was realistic. He added:

Jesus aimed to make of every man a king, to build "Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs

him in leadership into eternity. On that memorable among wolves.

70 Improvement Era Elder Ezra Taft Benson "r the Council of the TwelveDelegateWisely

"Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor shoes: and salute "And Moses said unto his father in law, Because

no man by the way."(Luke 10:3-4.) the people come unto me to inquire of God:

Third, in delegating responsibility, Jesus let those "When they have a matter, they come unto me;

called know fully their duties. and I judge between one and another, and I do make

He helped prepare them for their assignments. them know the statutes of God, and his laws.

Elder James E. Talmage, in Jesus the Christ, com- "And Moses'father in law said unto him, The thing

ments: that thou doest is not good.

"For a season following their ordination the apostles "Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this remained with Jesus, being specially trained and inpeople that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy

structed by Him for the work then before them; afterfor thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.

ward they were specifically charged and sent forth "Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee to preach and to administer in the authority of their counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the

priesthood...."(Page 228.) people to Godward, that

In the great revelation on priesthood, the Lord gives thou mayest bring the us an inspiring direction, our responsibility to learn causes unto God:

our duty: "And thou shalt teach

"Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and them ordinances and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all laws, and shalt shew diligence. them the way wherein

"He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy to they must walk, and the stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows work that they must do.

himself not approved shall not be counted worthy to "Moreover thou shalt stand. Even so. Amen."(D&C 107:99100.) provide out of all the

Fourth, Jesus gave those delegated his confidence, people able men, such as just as his Father had given him confidence. Illustrated by David Thomas fear God, men of truth,

It is significant that on at least three occasions in hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be

speaking of Jesus, the Father said: "This is my Beloved rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of

Son, in whom I am well pleased."fifties, and rulers of tens:

Jesus likewise sent his delegated servants forth with "And let them judge the people at all seasons: and

the feeling of his confidence. For example, to the it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring

seventy he said: "He that heareth you heareth me...."unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so

(Luke 10:16.) shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the

A wise administrator in the Church today will not burden with thee.

try to do the job himself, giving the impression that "If thou shalt do this thing, and God command no one else is quite qualified. As he delegates, he thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all

will give an assurance that he who has been delegated this people shall also go to their place in peace.

has his full backing. "So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in

Jethro taught Moses a great lesson is not trying to law, and did all that he had said.

do everything himself: "And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and

"And when Moses'father in law saw all that he did to made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.

to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the "And they judged the people at all'seasons: the

people stand by thee from morning unto even? hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small

May 1969 71

'Jesus seemed to invite feedback. Today we have an excellent"

matter they judged themselves."(Exod. 18:1426.) formance what he truly expects. He needs to think

Fifth, Jesus gave to those he called his loyalty, and tall when he delegates. He should assure those to

he expected their loyalty in return. whom he gives assignments that in the service of the

This question of loyalty is a great principle. Some Lord they have even greater powers than in ordinary

years ago I attended a long meeting of farm and responsibilities. There can be no failure in the work

business leaders in a hotel in Philadelphia. In the of the Lord when men do their best. Each of us is

evening I went out to get some fresh air and to mail but an instrument—this is the Lord's work. He will

some letters, and as I approached the door of the not permit us to fail if we do our part; he will magnify

post office, I heard the strains of a familiar Mormon us even beyond our own talents and abilities when hymn coming from across the street. After depositing necessary. This is one of the sweetest experiences

my letters, I went over to investigate. Two young that can come to a human being.

men in dark suits were standing on the corner steps. In the last solemn interview with the apostles before

When they finished singing, one began to speak. The his ascension, Jesus said: "But ye shall receive power,

other was holding in his hand copies of the Book of after that the Holy

Mormon and some tracts. Ghost is come upon you

When they finished their meeting, I asked the young and ye shall be witman who had been holding the literature, "What were nesses unto me both in you doing while your companion was speaking?"Jerusalem, and in all

I remember his satisfying answer: "Brother Benson, Judea, and in Samaria,

I was praying to the Lord that my companion would and unto the uttermost say the right thing to touch the hearts of the people part of the earth."(Acts

who were listening."Loyalty and support! 1:8.)

Jesus told his apostles of the oneness he had with President John Taylor the Father: "Believe me that I am in the Father, said: "If a thing is well

and the Father in me...."He asked for their loyalty done, no one will ask

to him as their leader: "If ye love me, keep my how long it took to do

commandments."Then he reaffirmed his loyalty to it, but who did it."

them: 'T will not leave you comfortless: I will come to There is no room for shoddy performance in the

you."Then he added: "Peace I leave with you, my peace Church. An able leader will expect quality, and he

I give unto you.... Let not your heart be troubled, will let those whom he assigns know that he expects

neither let it be afraid."(John 14:11, 15, 18, 27.) quality.

A good leader expects loyalty from those he deleSeventh, Jesus seemed to invite feedback from those gates. He in turn gives loyalty that extends to matters to whom he gave assignments.

beyond the call of duty. He is loyal when honors This is shown in Mark's account: "And the apostles

come to those with whom he serves. He takes pride in gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told

their successes. He does not embarrass an associate him all things, both what they had done, and what

before others. He is frank and open. they had taught.

Sixth, Jesus expected much from those to whom he "And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart delegated responsibility. into a desert place and rest awhile...."( Mark 6:3031.

At the time of his ascension, Jesus charged his aposNo wise leader believes that all good ideas originate tles: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel with himself. He invites suggestions from those he

to every creature."(Mark 16:15.) leads. He lets them feel that they are an important

In the Church today a leader generally gets in perpart of decision making. He lets them feel that they

72 Improvement Era system for feedback in the home teaching program

are carrying out their policies, not just his. timely for instruction, and ever profound in deep

The home teaching program of the Church offers a meaning for the priesthood of God:

most excellent system for feedback. Home teachers "Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen.

will invite feedback from their families; priesthood And why are they not chosen?

leaders, from the home teachers; the bishop, from the "Because their hearts are set so much upon the

priesthood leaders; the stake president, from the things of this world, and aspire to the honors of men,

bishops. In this way the leader will not only receive that they do not learn this one lesson—

many helpful ideas; he will also keep his finger on the "That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably

pulse of those whom he has been assigned to lead. connected with the powers of heaven, and that the

Eighth, Jesus taught powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled that he who leads should only upon the principles of righteousness.

follow the progress of "That they may be conferred upon us, it is true;

those to whom responsibut when we undertake to cover our sins, or to gratify bility has been delegated, our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control giving praise and reor dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the proof in a spirit of love. children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness,

In his parable of the behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit

talents, the Master said: of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen

"Well done, good and to the priesthood or the authority of that man.

faithful servant; thou "Behold, ere he is aware, he is left unto himself,

hast been faithful over to kick against the pricks, to persecute the saints, and a few things, I will make to fight against God.

thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy "We have learned by sad experience that it is the

of the Lord."(Matt. 25:23.) nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as

When responsibility has been given, the leader they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will does not forget the person assigned nor his assignimmediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

ment. He follows with interest but does not "look over "Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

the shoulder."He gives specific praise when it is de- "No power or influence can or ought to be mainserved. He gives helpful encouragement when needed. tained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion,

When he feels that the job is not being done and a by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and change is needed, he acts with courage and firmness but by love unfeigned;

also with kindness. When the tenure of an office has "By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall

been completed, he gives recognition and thanks. greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and withEven harder to bear than criticism oftentimes is no out guile—

word from a leader on the work to which one has been "Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved assigned. Little comments or notes that are sincere upon by the Holy Ghost; and then showing forth

and specific are great boosters. afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou

In the allimportant matter of delegating by the hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

Spirit, there is no satisfactory substitute for the Spirit. "That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger

In this regard I know of no more impressive scripthan the cords of death."(D&C 121:3444.)

ture than the inspiring words of the Lord to the May we ever heed this counsel and all other scripProphet Joseph Smith from Liberty Jail, recorded in tural direction as we strive earnestly and prayerfully the Doctrine and Covenants—sublime in spirit, ever to delegate wisely.

May 1969 73 Nauvoo Visitors Center Nauvoo Restoration, Inc., a nonprofit the Mississippi River. The center will

corporation sponsored by the Church, has feature two theaters, a large library, announced plans for a twostory lecture hall, lounges, and administrative visitors center at Nauvoo, Illinois, offices. Additional plans will call

headquarters of the Church from for restoration of the seventies hall, shops 183945. The center, to be constructed of tanners, blacksmiths, wheelwrights,

of red brick, will be typical of wagonmakers, and other buildings of the Nauvoo period, and will trades of the period. Partial

be located on a 16acre plot with restoration of the Nauvoo Temple is a panoramic view of Nauvoo and also projected.

Exemplary Manhood

Award David M. Kennedy, U.S.

Secretary of the Treasury and former first counselor in the Chicago Stake presidency, has been awarded the annual exemplary manhood award by the Associated Men Students of Brigham Young University. Formerly

the chairman of the board of Continental Illinois AllChurch Basketball Engineering

National Bank and Trust The annual allChurch basketball wars, with their President

Company, one of the cheers and muffled tears, have again ended. The three Arthur V. Maxwell, first

largest banks in America, winning teams reflect the widespread nature assistant in the Sunday

Brother Kennedy was of the world's largest basketball program: senior divisionSchool superintendency of

cited for having "gained Baldwin Park Ward, West Covina (California) Stake, the Bountiful (Utah) Thirthe highest positions in the defeated Clearfield Second Ward, Clearfield (Utah) Stake, teenth Ward, will assume office of president ofbusiness world and 7767; college division—Brigham Young University the

appointment to the Fifteenth Ward defeated Brigham Young the Consulting Engineers world's most important University Eighth Ward, 6960; junior division Council in May. The organioffice in finance while Cincinnati First Ward, Cincinnati (Ohio) Stake, defeated zation represents over 2,200

continuing to serve Westminster Ward, Huntington Beach (California) consulting engineer firms in his Church, and assist Stake, 5552. Sportsmanship winners were Dillon Ward, 45 state organizations

civic organizations in a true Butte (Montana) Stake, senior division, and in the spirit of good citizenship."Cincinnati First Ward, junior division. United States.

74 Improvement Era The Spoken Word

Richard L. Evans

On becoming qualified

Washington Design D.C. Temple Eliot said is something that has George

has approved The First Presidency is for all of the architectural design Thereovertones opportunity us: "What

for the Washington, D.C, Temple. The temple, which to the man who can't use it?"1 These words

will be erected atop a hill on a 57acre tract near have special meaning for those living in that time

Silver Springs, Maryland, reflects the design of the of life which is, or should be, a period of preparaSalt Lake Temple in a "new expression and form."tion. Life goes swiftly. Responsibilities increase;

Construction will begin in about a year, according to opportunities to prepare diminish, and one can

Mark B. Garff, Church Building Committee chairman. scarcely conceive of a young person's ignoring the

The new temple, sixteenth to be erected by the Church, opportunity to develop a talent or skill, to prepare will serve over 240,000 members livingin the eastern for a trade or profession, for a larger role in life. One

United States and Canada in 38 stakes and 12 missions. could scarcely explain why anyone with opportunity

to learn would ever choose to drop out, just to drift, and leave himself open for frustration and disappointment for the future. Life is all we havelife, our

hands, our minds, our muscles, our spirit, our willingness to prepare, our willingness to work. Oh, if

only we could implant in the minds and hearts of young people the blessing of an education, the blessing of choosing some good goal and moving toward it, the blessing of becoming qualified, and avoiding the disappointments that come later in life when demand for the untrained shrinks, as the economic cycle shifts. Life, mind, time, talents—

these are tools, these are instruments that should be sharpened as suitably as possible for enduring and increasing and satisfying service. "The secret of

success,"said Disraeli, "... is for a man to be ready

for his opportunity when it comes."2 If there are any

whom we could reach and touch at this time, we would plead with every young person to pursue his education, his preparation, and improve himself to the finest point possible; to acquire competence,

to qualify for life, for learning, for living; to know

something well, to do something well, to have someNew Church Office Building thing to offer; to avoid being a marginal person, to

Construction will begin this summer on a new 25story be more useful to family, community, country, and general Church office building in Salt Lake City. The highalso serve himself, and have the great satisfaction

rise building, located on the same block and immediately that comes with being needed, wanted, appreciated, north of the present Church Administration Building, compensated. "What is opportunity to the man

will be built over the threestory underground parking who can't use it?"

plaza constructed in 196465. The new building will

Eliot, "Scenes From Clerical Life: Amos Barton."

Disraeli. have two fronts—north and south—with the main entrance George2Benjamin

to the south, facing a landscaped plaza between the *"The Spoken Word"from Temple new building and the present Church Administration Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System

Building. March 2, 1969. Copyright 1969.

May 1969 75::...:! '

New Evidence from Modern Witnesses (Part 8) The Most Interviewed Witness A mature David Whitmer, at age An aged David Whitmer, in the 72, in 1877 in Richmond, Missouri last year of his life, age 82 or 83

By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

No testimony of direct revelation the revelation that came to him. kneeled down and prayed. Joseph

in the world's history is better docuThe following replies are taken prayed. We then got up and sat

mented than the testimony of the from the better recorded interviews on the log and were talking, when

Book of Mormon witnesses. Since of about the last decade of his life. all at once a light came down from

David Whitmer was widely publiSince these responses can be docuabove us and encircled us for quite cized as "the lastsurviving witness"mented in multiple situations, such a little distance around, and the prior to his death in 1888, he was a composite interview gives a fair angel stood before us."5

interviewed more extensively than idea of the impact of a private talk Q: Describe the angel.

the others. He said that thousands with David Whitmer: 1 A: "He was dressed in white,

came to inquire, and over fifty of Q: Is your published testimony and spoke and called me by name

these conversations are reported in accurate? and said, 'Blessed is he that keepeth

reasonable detail in contemporary A: "As you read my testimony His commandments.'This is all

diaries, letters, and newspapers, given many years ago, so it stands that I heard the angel say."6

supplemented by later recollections. as my own existence, the same as Q: Did the angel have the Book

This examination and crossexami- when I gave it, and so shall stand of Mormon plates?

nation furnishes a detailed historical throughout the cycles of eternity."2 A: "[He] showed to us the

record containing significant ques- Q: When did this event take plates, the sword of Laban, the

tions that one would direct to place? Directors, the Urim and Thummim,

the witness, and his specific and A: "It was in June, 1829, the and other records. Human lanpositive answers. Consequently, tovery last part of the month...."3 guage could not describe heavenly

day's investigator can test David Q: What was the approximate things and that which we saw."7

Whitmer's convictions just as well time of day? Q: Did the vision take place

as the visitor of the past century A: "It was about 11 a.m."4 under natural circumstances?

who talked with him personally. Q: What were the circum- A: "The fact is, it was just as

By means of the many conversastances of the vision? though Joseph, Oliver and I were

tions with the lastsurviving wit- A: "[We] went out into the sitting right here on a log, when

ness, one may reconstruct a line of woods nearby, and sat down on a we were overshadowed by a light.

questioning on the central points of log and talked awhile. We then It was not like the light of the sun,

76 Improvement Era FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

nor like that of a fire, but more glorious and beautiful. It extended

away round us, I cannot tell how far, but in the midst of this light, "CORONA"immediately before us, about as far GRAIN MILL off as he sits (pointing to John C. forwheat,use corn,with nuts,

Whitmer, who was sitting 2 or 3 etc. Easily adjusts

feet from him) there appeared, as forgrinding.fine orNewcoarse1 CTSP

it were, a table, with many records grindingmodel millplateswith$10.95finer

on it—besides the plates of the postpaid. East of

Book of Mormon, also the sword of postage.Rockies addFiner$1.00grinding

Laban, the Directors, and the Intermillplates$1.95for oldset 1postpaid.C

preters. I saw them as plain as I "Special"Add 4V2% quantitysales taxpricesin Utah.to church groups.

see this bed ( striking his hand upon the bed beside him), and I heard the voice of the Lord as distinctly HOME SIZE STONE GROUND as I ever heard anything in my life FLOUR MILLS declaring that they were translated by the gift and power of God."8

Q: Can you explain the supernatural power that surrounded you? "Where the World

A: "All of a sudden I beheld a Registers"

dazzlingly brilliant light that surYour next trip to Denver—thepassed in brightness even the sun climate capital of America—

at noonday, and which seemed to will be most memorable when envelop the woods for a consideryou stay at the Brown Palace.

able distance around. Simultaneous 600 air conditioned rooms

with the light came a strange ensuites and executive rooms trancing influence which permeated five famous restaurants me so powerfully that I felt chained complete convention to the spot, while I also experienced accommodations a sensation of joy absolutely indeTo expedite your reply, write Dept. IEscribable"9

Grind your own flour!... Eat your way

better health with an All Grain flour mill.

prices! low at new Q: "Did you see the Urim and toNow

Thummim?"I postageCanadian ontoresidentscurrent addamount.$3.00 additional KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

A: "I saw the Interpreters in the Represented by:

holy vision; they looked like whitish ''ROBERT F. WARNER

Send orders to: New York City

instones the rim of put a bowSMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. DISTINGUISHED. H01EIS LosGLENNAngelesW. FAWCETT spectacles, like onlylooked N. Main Smithfield, much 99 Utah 84335

10larger."Q: Did you see an actual table?

A: "You see that small table by

the wall?... Well, there was a The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City Utah 84111

table about that size, and the heavPlease enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for enly messenger brought the several Name plates and laid them on the table before our eyes, and we saw them....""

Q: Did you handle the plates?

A: "I did not handle the plates

—only saw them."12 "Joseph, and I

think Oliver and Emma told me Q about the plates, and described < Q.

May 1969

them to me, and I believed them, they could be plainly visible...."15 about six by nine inches in size,

but did not see except at the time Q: "Did the angel turn all the about as thick as parchment, a great

testified of."13 leaves before you as you looked on many in number and bound to-

Q: How clearly could you see it?"gether like the leaves of a book by

the plates? A: "No, not all, only that part of massive rings passing through the

A: "[T] he angel stood before us, the book which was not sealed, and back edges. The engraving upon

and he turned the leaves one by what there was sealed appeared as them was very plain and of very one. 14 solid to my view as wood."10 curious appearance."17

'[H]e held the plates and turned Q: "Can you describe the plates?"Q: Is it possible that you imagthem over with his hands, so that A: "They appeared to be of gold, ined this experience?

A: "[0]ur testimony is true.

And if these things are not true, is no truth; and if there * then there

is no truth, there is no God; and if

is no God, there is no exisThe Spoken Word there tence. But I know there is a God,

Richard L Evans for I have heard His voice and witnessed the manifestation of his 18 For lessons we refuse to learn power."

Q: "Do you remember the pecuis good—if we will live to let it be. It is also difficult at times. liar sensation experienced upon thatLife No one ever said it wouldn't be. Certainly the Father of us all did occasion?"

not say so. But, as a loving Father, he has given us counsel and pre- A: "Yes, I remember it very discautions, and has "warned and forewarned"us according to his own tinctly. And I never think of it,

words. In a sense, he says to us: Don't clutter up your life with things from that day to this, but what that

that are sure to damage the mind, distress the spirit, which are sure to spirit is present with me."19

destroy health and peace, and embarrass and disquiet conscience, and How does one measure the truth cause a complexity of personal problems. Some things are good for of such testimony? The person with

man. Some things are not good for man. This is true morally, physically, faith will realize ( as Paul insisted

spiritually. And yet with all the experience of the ages, and all the that spiritual truths must be spiricounsel God has given, we keep repeating many of the same mistakes—tually verified. Although expecting

in a sense, hitting our heads against a wall, perhaps wondering why to be believed, David Whitmer adthe wall remains while our heads are hurting. It comes down to a vised prayer as the necessary supquestion of listening to counsel, learning the commandments and plement to the human testimony of

keeping them. "... The hour will be a priceless one,"wrote Lida witnesses: "If you are open to inChurchill, "in which one faces the truth, for it is a truth, and a most vestigation and conviction, I pray

is in in free the the unthinking one, senseimportant which that no one of to read the Book Mormon you 1 It is free are that true to choose, freedom."mind regards we but we

. heart. prayerful a.. The with

20are not free from the consequences that come from choosing. We are Book carries conviction with it."

not free from the operation of law. "To be deceived by our enemies

Yet practical examination is the or betrayed by our friends is insupportable,"said a French philosopher;

"yet to be deceived by ourselves is worse...."2 The Creator knows inevitable companion of a real love

for truth, and one aware of Davidwhat will bring happiness and misery to man, and we should not deceive ourselves that we can do anything that is not good for people, Whitmer's testimony cannot face or for us personally, without paying a price. "There is a law..."—the issues it raises without subject-

a law of health, a law of happiness, a law of peace and progress—"upon ing its author to basic tests of acwhich all blessings are predicated,"3 and we cannot safely set aside curacy. People in everyday life

what has been tested and proven over and over in the past, without constantly sort out the valid from paying a personal price for each lesson we refuse to learn. the invalid on the basis of the reliability of the source of information

of the report. consistency the and Lida Churchill, A. "Freedom That Is Bondage,""Delineator,"lanuary 1907.

2 Francois La Rochefoucauld. of testimony the standards these By

130:20. 3D&C

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, prethe lastsurviving witness is unassented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 23, 1969. Copyright 1969. sailable, for'its author earned the

78 Improvement Era solid respect of his nonMormon sive personal account of the incimade him a believer in the Book townsmen through a half century of dent was related to James H. Hart: of Mormon."24

private integrity, and in this time "[T]he testimony I gave to that In the above conversation with constantly repeated his experience mob made them fear and tremble, James H. Hart, the Missouri busiwith the angel and the plates withand I escaped from them. One nessman alluded to "thousands of

out variance on its fundamental gentleman, a doctor, an unbeliever, people"that had sought his compoints. As he said himself toward told me afterwards that the bold ments, "sometimes 15 or 20 in a

the end of his life, "Those who and fearless testimony borne on day."This posed no inconsiderable

know me best, well know that I that occasion and the fear that burden to one with practical rehave always adhered to that testiseemed to take hold of the mob had sponsibilities who naturally avoided mony. 21 If neither the man nor his manner of relating his story is questionable, what of his motives? Can the

distorting force of selfinterest be detected? His plain courage in ignoring selfinterest in the matter of

his testimony was the source of admiration earned from community leaders in Richmond, Missouri.

Neither unpopularity, danger, nor tedious inconvenience altered his expressed convictions. David occasionally alluded to an ultimatum delivered by about five hundred

armed men to induce him to repudiate his testimony. The likely

situation for this incident is the time of his apostasy, after which he was conscripted to serve as a teamster for the militia at the Mormon expulsion in 1838. This is confirmed by

Charles W. Wandell's early details

about a witness who was "surrounded by an armed mob, had a loaded rifle presented to his breast and was commanded on pain of instant death to deny the Book of

Mormon and confess it a fraud, and promised... as a reward for such

confession the privilege of remaining in the state and the possession of his property."Wandell had

information that this witness risked his life rather than deny his testimony: "... he raised his hands to

heaven and solemnly declared the book to be the word of God."22

David Whitmer told Heman C.

Smith that on command of the mob to "renounce his testimony,"he nevertheless reaffirmed it "in the Athenewlypeak locatedof his portraitservice andof DaviddevotionWhitmer,to the32Church.years of (Picture,age, paintedcourtesyin Kirtland,of Mrs. Ohio,Dorothyat

face of death."23 The most extenTwelves Freeman, greatgreat granddaughter of David Whitmer)

May 1969 79 Impeccable in reputation, consistent in intertated letters reaffirming his grandfather's story. Through all of this

views, capable of detecting delusion--no he formed his personal appraisal of witness is morecompellingthan DavidWhitmer"the man he lived intimately with, based in large part on private conversation:

the spotlight of publicity. An examwas later Assistant Secretary of "I have begged him to unfold the

ple of this constant personal presTreasury in two U.S. administrafraud in the case, and he had all to

sure comes from the visit of Henry tions. Graduating with legal traingain and nothing to lose, but speak

Moon. One of his missionary coning at the University of Michigan in the word if he thought so. But he

tacts in Missouri, John Lefler, de1885, he determined to crosshas described the scene to me many sired to talk with David Whitmer examine the remaining Book of times, of his vision about noon in an personally, and the pair arrived in Mormon witness before returning open pasture. There is only one

Richmond January 9, 1872, at the to Utah. Young Moyle journeyed to explanation barring an actual miraunfortunate time of supper hour, Richmond, Missouri, secured an apcle, and that is this: If that vision

just after dark, and in the circumpointment with David Whitmer, was not real, it was HYPNOTISM, stances of an evidently difficult day and spent some time recounting the it was real to grandfather IN with sickness in the Whitmer fampersecutions and sacrifices of his FACT."28

ily. The Book of Mormon witness family because of belief in MormonSince one cannot successfully

sought to avoid the inquirers by ism. He further contrasted Whitchallenge David Whitmer's sincerleaving the house to perform an mer's situation of not being far from ity, is there a reasonable alternative

errand at his livery stable, but they death with his own commencement to his own explanation of the vision?

persistently followed him. Yet after of a life's career: "And so I begged Some have pointed out that the

stating that "he had not time to talk of him not to let me go through life witness was as sure of certain perthat evening,"David's sense of duty believing in a vital falsehood."The sonal revelations as his testimony

about his testimony overcame his thoughtful law student requested of the Book of Mormon. While few

personal irritability: not confirmation, but disclosure: fail to develop some overconfidence

"We followed him in the street, "Was there any possibility that he in their own opinions, David Whitand I told him that the gentleman might have been deceived in any mer never put any other incident with me had come to hear what he particular?"All of his life Moyle of his life on the objective grounds

had to say with regard to the Book remembered the "unequivocal"afof sense experience to the extent of Mormon. I told Mr. Whitmer I firmation of the testimony: "There that he did his vision of the angel

had been reading the testimony of was no question about its truthfuland the plates. Yet, in explaining

the Witnesses to Mr. Lefler, and... ness."26 Entries made in his diary that event as exceeding sense perhe was anxious to hear... for himat the time show that David Whitception, David Whitmer became

self. 'Now Mr. Whitmer, here is mer gave the young man the same the target of a few who jumped to

the gentleman. What have you to information that he related to scores the conclusion that the revelation

say to him?'Mr. Whitmer turned of others. As a mature lawyer and involved no sense perception. For

towards Mr. Lefler and said, 'Well, administrator, Moyle could not acinstance, an interview of 1880 with

God Almighty requires at my hand cept the view that David Whitmer John Murphy of,Caldwell County to bear testimony to the truth of misrepresented: "To have been inwas published, and David Whitmer

the Book of Mormon. It is the pure sincere seems impossible, would insisted that it was erroneous.

Gospel of Jesus Christ, translated have made him a hideous, soulless Murphy had written a tonguein- from the plates by the gift and mental deformity."27 cheek report totally emphasizing

power of God by Joseph Smith.... David Whitmer's grandson came the spiritual nature of the vision.

I know I tell the truth.'"25 to the same conclusion, and no one This undoubtedly distorted what

More than one person appealed seems to have been closer to the David actually said, since Murphy's privately to the lastsurviving witwitness in his closing years than materialistic philosophy was not ness to disclose deceit if it existed. George W. Sweich, a partner in equipped to explain the miraculous.

Two such earnest requests virtually the Whitmer stables and private The point of misunderstanding was eliminate the possibility of consecretary to David. He had been the choice between a vision of mascious deception on the part of personally present at numerous interial plus spiritual perception or a

David Whitmer. James H. Moyle terviews and had written many dicvision of spiritual instead of mate80 Improvement Era

rial perception. The latter alternative was too quickly picked by some

who talked to both Martin Harris and David Whitmer. The Missouri TOTLE

witness answered Murphy by a public statement "that I have never at any time denied that testimony or any part thereof... "29 The

doubting Anthony Metcalf wrote to

David Whitmer in 1887 and raised the same issue. The answer of the

witness was a testimony of both spiritual and physical elements in the vision: "Of course we were in

the spirit when we had the view, for no man can behold the face of an angel, except in a spiritual view, but we were in the body also, and everything was as natural to us, as it is at any time."30 Sheilah Graham

John Murphy also raised the issue Reports on the exciting and of whether David Whitmer had glamorous Hollywood scene—It's

been deceived, suggesting "mesinformative, interesting, fun reading merism"and appealing to the witYour family newspaper ness to admit that his testimony was DESERET NEWSa "delusion."31 In terms of scientific psychology, the only person

able to answer this question is

David Whitmer. The possibility

was put to him and ruled out manytimes. In this case he went to the VRE55

trouble and expense of publishing his "Proclamation,"repeating his testimony and emphasizing his confidence in his own powers of observation: "'He that hath an ear to

hear, let him hear;'it was no delusion!"32 \

This point is highlighted by an incident the examination during of 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 "manuscriptthe Book of Mormonat the Whitmer home in 1884 by a Call (801) 4861892—

committee of the Reorganized I

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Layout and Design Typography

Day Saints. Since this event acPhoto-typography Lithographic Offset p

quired some notoriety, onlookers Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations

Shipping and Mailingwere often present, one of which 1 Bindery was a skeptical Richmond military officer. The soldier discussed the

Book of Mormon testimony withthe aging witness in a cordial but <> % frank manner, suggesting the possibility that Whitmer "had been mis- %S0UI 3*V*

May 1969 81 taken and had simply been moved pressive tones: 'No sir! I was not—no man could hear him make his

upon by some mental disturbance, under any hallucination, nor was I affirmation, as he has to us in there, or hallucination, which had dedeceived! I saw with these eyes, and and doubt for one moment the

ceived him into thinking he saw"I heard with these ears! I know honesty and sincerity of the man

the angel, plates, and other objects. whereof I speak!'**8a himself. He fully believes he saw

The immediate reaction of the witDavid Whitmer's "positive and and heard, just as he stated he ness was described by a spectator, emphatic testimony"solidly imdid."34

Joseph Smith III: pressed the unbelieving questioner. No theme permeates the numer-

"How well and distinctly I reFor the sake of courtesy, the RLDS ous Mormon and nonMormon member the manner in which Elder president left the room with the interviews more than this one. Few

Whitmer arose and drew himself up officer, who confessed the difficulty came away unimpressed with the to his full height—a little over six of belief "for us everyday men,"power of David Whitmer's convicfeet—and said, in solemn and imbut added: "[0]ne thing is certain tion. In 1886 Edward Stevenson

visited him for the second time and talked with the feeble octogenarian,

D. WLIITMSa. W. HWEICH whose frame was reduced to less

than a hundred pounds. Reiterating THE OLD EELIABLE, his testimony "as sure as the sun

shines and I live,"David Whitmer's

Livery Feed Stable hisenthusiasmown good.had35 Threeto be restrainedyears before,for \ Moroni W. Pratt wrote about the

combination of mental alertness and physical infirmity of the witness. During ordinary conversation,

David would "falter a little, but when giving his testimony he would straighten up, his voice would be firm, his eye would flash, and one could feel that he spoke by the spirit of truth."30 Independently refollowing year, McDowell J. Frank DAYE WHITMER k CO., porting these identical details the relate the scene added: "He would

Proprietors, with a freshness and earnestness of

KioscisroisriD, nvro. recentexpression,occurrence,as thoughand notit wereof fiftyof

years agone."37 at and alt time? to accomfive any prepared ARE Since is better genuineness with the public modate

judged by personal contact than reading cold print, these evaluations Hacks, Buggies, of the witness himself are as imand Saddle Horses! portantsaid. Faras thefromrecordhavingof whata prehe

packaged statement about the Book

Will convey passengers to any of Mormon, David Whitmer sponpoint desired at a moments notice

Horses boarded by the day, week taneously recalled a personal exor month, on reasonable terms; perience that deeply moved him.

Customers may rely on promptness, good The believers'estimates of the turnouts, safe horses and moderate charges. witness are fully substantiated by

33StabLe near the Shaw House. the reactions of newspaper reporters, a class generally calloused to

Newspaper advertisement for David Whitmer's Richmond, Missouri, stable empty sentimentality. They mea82 Improvement Era

sured their man during interviews thrown at him in a half century of to two other witnesses who testified and also came away impressed. A life in Richmond, Missouri, and by on their deathbed that it was

detailed and restrained report in the sheer moral strength forced a nontrue."40 Less than a year after voicChicago Times contained the canMormon commuity to take him seriing this warning, David Whitmer

did opinion of the interviewer: ously. Through the miracle of added his deathbed testimony to

"And no man can look at David modern communication, his testithe historical recorcl. These dramatic

Whitmer's face for a halfhour, mony (and that of the other Book details were published in full by the while he charily and modestly of Mormon witnesses) now tranRichmond Democrat, but more spespeaks of what he has seen, and scends a community and confronts cific closing words about his experithen boldly and earnestly confesses a world. ence were given some two weeks

the faith that is in him, and say that What must be as impressive as earlier to Angus Cannon. Bedridden

he is a bigot or an enthusiast."38 Joe the words of the modern witnesses and "as helpless as a child,"the

Johnson, of the neighboring Plattsis their deep sense of responsibility octogenarian was informed by burg Democrat, an astute political in reporting their experience. DeGeorge W. Sweich that his visitor

analyst, was profoundly affected by spite his vigorous differences with wanted to hear his testimony of the the inner conviction of the witness. most believers in the Book of MorBook of Mormon. After a lifetime

While describing the vision, David's mon, David Whitmer insisted that of reiteration, the moment was still cold symptoms diminished, "his no one could evade the challenge of sacred to the enfeebled witness.

form straightened,"and with "evithis modern revelation: "Kind readRaising his hand, he declared: "My

dently no studied effort"but with er,... beware how you hastily friend, if God ever uttered a truth,

"strangely eloquent"tones, he decondemn that book which I know the testimony I now bear is true. I

scribed the vision and "the divine to be the word of God; for his own did see the angel of God, and I

presence."The seasoned Missouri voice and an angel from heaven beheld the glory of the Lord, and

newspaperman classified what he declared the truth of it unto me, and he declared the record true."41 o

heard as far more than an oddity:

"Skeptics may laugh and scoff if they will, but no man can listen to FOOTNOTES

Mr. Whitmer as he talks of his interview with the angel of the Lord, placed1 If noted,in thea firststatementpersonofinsteadDavid ofWhitmerthe thirdis -Western23Letter of Standard,Heman C.Feb.Smith7, to1857.Saints'Herald,

without being most forcibly conpersonarticle areof a onlygivenmodifiedreport. inQuotationsregard toin occathis JuneHerald,28,Vol.1884,31 Grand(1884),Prairie,p. 442.Tex., cit. Saints'

vinced that he has heard an honest sionalLetterspellingof Davidand punctuation.Whitmer to Dr. James N. -Reference25Letter of Henryat n. 11.Moon to Joseph F. Smith,

cit. Cf. Mo., 7, 8, Farmington, Seymour, Moon's Richmond, Dec. Utah. Mar. 1875, 1872, tell he honestly believes whatman

cit. general speech, conference Saints'Herald, Deseret 223. Vol. Evening p. 26 (1879),

39 Fieldof 10, April 1872. F. Smith; News, 3Journal Joseph Joseph true."to be

(Salt Moyle, F. Smithcit. Smith, Whit- H. Life to David Lake ing of Joseph James "A Visit

Those who testified to the truth City,journal1938),of p.Edward242. Stevenson, Dec. 22, 1877. mer,"27JosephInstructor,E. CardonVol. 80and(1945),Samuelp.O.401.Rennion,

of the Book of Mormon are modern Jan."Letter16, of1882,WilliamColdwater,H. KelleyMich.,to Saints'cit. Herald,Saints'JesusTestimoniesChrist ofof Latterdaythe DivinitySaintsof (theIndependence,Church of

1930), Vol. 29 (1882), p. 68. Mo.,witnesses not only because they Herald,

of Letter Vbid. p.George305. W. Sweich, Sept. 22, 1899,

lived in recent time, but also becit.JournalInstructor,of GeorgeVol. 80Q. (1945),Cannon, p.Feb.520.27, Narra1884, Richmond,Founder of Mo.,Mormonismcit. I. Woodbridge(London, 1903),Riley, Thepp.

third to first person and 21920. from is changedcause modern investigation can tive

deleted. Reference at n. 21. the clause "he said"

definitions of Parenthetical at n. 3. Letter to Anthony Met8Reference David Whitmerstudy their experience. Over a huncit. Metcalf, deleted. calf, Ten "they"of "Directors"1887, Anthony have been March and

Years Herald, Oct. 17, Before the Mast [Malad, Idaho, 1888], '>Omahn1886, simultaneouslydred detailed personal statements

to* Narrative other dailies. is changed p. 74. released

and interviews with them exist, from third to first person and the clause "Mr. The Hamiltonian, Hamilton, Mo., Jan. 21,

Whitmer says"deleted. 1881.

10Interviewabout half of which come from also cit. notesAutumnof ZenasLeaves,H. Gurley,Vol. 5 Jan.(1892),14, S2ReferenceMMemoirs ofat n.Joseph21. Smith III, cit. Mary 1885;

David Whitmer. Like the others, p. 452. Audentia Smith Anderson, Joseph Smith HI and

"Letter of James H. Hart to Deseret News, the Restoration (Independence, Mo., 1952), pp.

the modest but intense Missouri Aug. 23, 1883, Seneca, Mo., cit. Deseret Evening 31112.

businessman admirably stands the News,12JournalSept. of4, James1883. H. Moyle, June 28, 1885, "Ibid.35Letter of Edward Stevenson to Daniel H.

changed from third to first person. Wells, Feb. 16, 1886, New York City, cit. Miltest of examination of his person "Journal of Nathan Tanner, Jr., April 13, lennial Star, Vol. 48 (1886), p. 156.

and his story. Impeccable in reputhe1886,firstchanged"me"isfromunchanged.third to first person, except Democrat,Letter ofJulyMoroni3, 1883,W. Covington,Pratt to BearInd.,Lakecit.

Deseret 14, Bear 1883. Democrat, to July of Poulson Lake P. Wilhelm "Letter

of in scorestation, consistent to Saints'37Letter Deseret Frank Utah, cit. 13, McDowell Ogden, 1878, Aug. of J.

cit. Olivet, Herald, Iowa, 22, 1884, 1878. July 16, Aug. News, - News,Evening

sinobviously interviews,recorded Saints'Vol. Herald, 31 p. 508. 1881. Times, Oct. (1884), 17, Chicago

cere, and personally capable of delcReferenceKansas CityatDailyn. 14.Journal, June 5, 1881. 39Cit.ChicagoRichmondTimes, Democrat,Aug. 7, 1875.Jan. 26, Feb. 2,

tecting delusion—no witness is more lsReference10Reference atat n.n. 5.11. Johnson.1888, attributed..."to "an article written by Joe

compelling than David Whitmer. in DavidChrist (Richmond,Whitmer, AnMo.,Address1887),top.All14.Believers "Journal10Address ofto AngusAll BelieversCannon,in Jan.Christ,7, 1888.p. 43. Cf.

He answered every objection Mo.,21David1881.Whitmer, A Proclamation (Richmond, Cannon'sning News,TabernacleFeb. 12, 1888.speech, cit. Deseret EveMay 1969 83

I

mm gq w* mk

Man, in the presentday world, given for the continued welfare of pressures are readily dealt with and is subject to many temptations and man. In verses 10 and 11 we are disposed of in the cqurse of the day.

exposed to innumerable sources of advised Others are less readily resolved and desecration of his body. Some of "And again, verily I say unto you, remain in our minds to plague and

these evils are overt and easily all wholesome herbs God hath ortrouble us.

recognized by all of us; others are dained for the constitution, nature, Frequently sleep is interfered

more subtle and insidious. Among and use of man—with, either by actual insomnia or

the most subtle of these are drugs. "Every herb in the season thereby light, restless, dreamfilled sleep.

Through newspapers, magazines, of, and every fruit in the season In such situations, it is increasingly radio, television, and other media thereof; all these to be used with common for some people to turn

of communication, we have all beprudence and thanksgiving."(Italto sleepinducing medications to at

come increasingly aware of the ics added.) least temporarily alleviate the situaprevalence and inherent dangers of This admonition for the sparing tion. All of these sleepinducing

many drugs, such as marijuana and use of herbs is of importance to us. medications are potentially addictLSD. At the time this revelation was ing, and habituation is readily built

Of equal importance, but less given, herbs were a common and up, so the body cries out for relief publicized, are the potential danpopular means of medication. In provided by the medications. Longgers of many drugs and medications this context it thus becomes a plea term use of these pills carries the

found commonly in our homes, or for judicious use of medications threat of addiction or habituation.

readily available to the potential today. In this way the original problem

user. Some of these are of benefit No effort will be made here to or worry is complicated or supto the human body when properly detail the dangers of those popuplanted by a second problem of

and wisely used, but of possible larly known harmful drugs menfrequently greater seriousness. Man

harmful nature when improperly tioned previously, but rather, let thereby loses his independence and used or when taken in excess. us consider the dangers of the less becomes the slave of a medication.

Doctrine and Covenants, Section wellknown drugs or preparations One frequently hears the expres89, given by revelation to the and the need for care and moderasion, "Yes, but this can't happen. stateChurch membership in February tion in their use. to me. I'm careful."Such

1833, contains many words of wisSleeping pills: We live in a fastments overlook the subtle workings

dom. In addition to the counsel moving world, one fraught with of these medications and the fact

pertaining to strong drinks, hot anxieties, worries, pressures, and that dependence upon them is an drinks, and tobacco, even more tensions in simply pursuing our established fact before, if ever, complete words of direction are everyday activities. Some of the concern becomes part of the awareness of the individual.

Dr. J. Louis Schricker, Jr., Gospel Doctrine teacher in the MonuAs is true with all medications,

is a School, Sunday 13th Ward (Salt Lake City) ment Park neurothere are specific indications for drugs. of to the use in attendant problems is wellversed surgeon and

their use and their prescription.

84 Improvement Era Under responsible medical direcused, and only under adequate to endocrine imbalances or abnortion, great assistance and benefit medical supervision. Long and conmalities and are not to be included

can be obtained by proper and tinued use of such preparations in the present discussion. It is commoderate use of medicants. Overshould be viewed with caution and mon knowledge that obesity is a prestepping the bounds of moderation full awareness of inherent, potencursor of many body illnesses, or

and medical direction carries great tial dangers. abnormalities. Among these might

danger and increased problems for "Pep pills": For some individuals, be considered heart difficulties, dithe individual. He is no longer his it has become increasingly "fashgestive problems, elimination probown master, but becomes a slave ionable"to depend upon artificial lems, hardening of the arteries, and

of a destructive habit. means for increasing their proreduction of vital reserves. The

Tranquilizers: These drugs are ductivity. This is done by the obese person further complicates

relatively new developments, and injudicious use of various stimuthe decrease in the efficiency of his until about twenty years agc they lants, such as Dexedrine and vital processes by decreasing "his were largely unknown. However, amphetamines. These drugs mask physical activity. In this manner,

since then, the American public has or destroy builtin bodywarning his body reserves decline to a still been bombarded by an increasing mechanisms of fatigue and impart lower level, and body function and number of such preparations. Their an artificial sense of wellbeing. productivity are further impaired.

use has become increasingly wideThey are commonly used in conCombating obesity requires great spread. Again, these medications junction with sleeping preparations willpower and determination on the

are to be used with great care and to counteract the "hangover"or part of the individual. It involves

moderation. They are of great depression following use of sleephis recognition that a potentially

help when properly used by the inducing drugs. They subject the selfdestructive condition exists and

individual, and in many instances physiological mechanism of the huthat he must exert every effort in their use aids in the preservation man body to undetected and correcting the problem. Willpower

of wellbeing and functional capamasked stresses and strains. There and determination are not obtained

bilities in certain persons who might are welldefined medical indicafrom pills. The use of diet pills is

otherwise be virtually incapacitated tions for the use of such drugs, and an admission of selfdefeat and unby the weight of worries. these indications must be scrupuwillingness by the person to assume

Tranquilizers are not a substitute lously observed. Casual or illpersonal responsibility and acfor reality. It is still necessary for advised use is to be strongly decried countability for his own body

the individual to deal with the realand advised against in all situations. welfare.

ity of life and its stresses, to formuDiet pills: One of the major conDiet pills may, on occasion, be

late and put into practice necessary tinuing problems of our culture is prescribed by responsible physialternatives in daily living to alleviobesity. Most obesity results from cians in order to assist in reversing

ate the underlying causative or simply overeating and overindul- an insatiable craving for food. Their

complicating factors. These drugs gence by the individual. A minority use, for brief periods of time for

should be wisely and cautiously of medical cases of obesity are due this purpose, in no way relieves the

May 1969 85 Southern Utah Mountain Estates

patient of his individual responsibility for the regulation and control of his body and its functions.

In summary, we are made in God's image, and as such, our bodies are the most sacred temple we possess.

There are many ills to which the human body is subjected that are control not the or obvious under Panguitch & Navajo Lake Area influence of the individual. Howills that

Surrounded by 4 worldfamous weever,bringthereuponare ourselvesmany otherknowingly national parks orof unknowingly.conditions thatIt isconstitutesthis groupa

Airports available acre a month desecration of the most wonderful

Fishing estates gift we possess—our bodies. Boating rom $1995. $25 afterdown smallpayment

or illadvised of Unwise use drugs Hunting % is a selfdestructive act the part on Vacation

Wonderland MAIL COUPON TODAY of the person using them and is

Color Country ESTATES MOUNTAIN UTAH SOUTHERN sure to result in damage and dysUtah 84720 Box N. Main, 732 814 Cedar City, Skiing

Horseback riding withoutPlease sendobligationadditional information, maps, pictures, function of his body. Knowledgeable all of and use moderate that Name Southern Utah

Address is the for Lord provides to us be Estates Mountain

State Zip City N. Main, Box 732 814 redirected recommended when by Phone

City, Utah Cedar 84720 sponsible counsel. medical

Many individuals, including many women, would be welladvised to

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES read"Yea,theandrevelationthe herb,again:and the good

7RmercotypetR4*U. things which come of the earth, I O FIRST 100 $7.75MERCOGRAPHFIRST 100 $19.75f,s? R,AMVED whether for food or for raiment,

Printed or—on finest plain steel paneled die letters Genuine (thermography) engraved Raised—or for houses, or for barns, or

in vellum wedding sharp, papers sent Engraving plate a with your beautiful distinctive and and clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery. for orchards, or for gardens, or for

NEW! Art rendering of all LD.S. vineyards;

Temples for your wedding stationery "Yea, all things which come of

Over 60 styles from which to choose the earth, in the season thereof, are including all the elegant vellums made for the benefit of man, both and finest in silver parchments to please the eye and to gladden the gray pastels. and beautiful Also

informals, enclosures, thank you heart;

notes, at home cards, napkins, "Yea, for food and for raiment, photo albums, L.D.S. wedding for taste and for smell, to strengthen

books, and many accessories. the body and to enliven the soul.

WITH COMPLETE it that pleaseth he hath "And God

WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY OR CONFIDENCE.MONEY

CHEERFULLY REFUNDED.YOUR ORDERGUARANTEEDAND for all things man; unto these given ALL INVITATIONS INSIDEAND TISSUEDWEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. INSERTED INTO AND

unto this end were they made to be

FREE Gifts with every order used, with judgment, not to excess, neither by extortion.

FREE CATALOG "And in nothing doth man offend and FREE God, or against none is his wrath

Etiquette Wheel kindled, save those who confess not or (50?! if airmail rehis hand in all things, and obey

quested) credited on not his commandments."(D&C

your order.

59:1721. Italics added.)

M E R C U R Y Name PUBLISHING CO. Address.

146 EAST SIXTH SOUTH STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 City. State Zip Improvement Era

The "lion couch"scene from the Temple of Opet, discussed in this article. (After

M. de Rochemanteix, in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, Vol. 3, [1894].)

A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price Part 8

(Continued)

The Unknown Abraham

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

"Abraham's Offering,"a painting by Jan I. Levens

The Paradox of Abraham and the King: In a recent 'Facsimile No. 3'reproduces a part of the same manutranslation and commentary on the socalled "Sensen"script that 'Facsimile No. 1'does,"and that No. 3

papyrus of the Joseph Smith collection (Era, Feb. follows No. 1 in normal sequence. 1 This is very im1968, p. 40-H), Professor Klaus Baer of the Oriental portant in view of the wondrously strange interpretaInstitute at the University of Chicago pointed out "that tion given to both vignettes in the Book of Abraham,

May 1969 87 'A growing number of studies and there was great mourning in Chaldea, and also in show that 'Egyptian art is not thetemptedcourt toof playPharaoha game..."with(Abr.the 1:20),reader:thatweonehaveis

essentially a funerary art'"deliberately omitted all footnotes at this point—they

will come later—so that the reader can amuse himself

by locating sources for the story just told among writthe equally strange turn of events in Jewish Abraham ings available to Joseph Smith. We know of none.

traditions, and the peculiar way in which "lioncouch"But back to our tale of wonder, for what happens scenes of the type of Facsimile 1 are regularly followed next is stranger yet. Nimrod, baffled in every attempt

by a coronation scene in the Egyptian record In the to dispatch his archrival, is convinced at last that

Pearl of Great Price version we first find Pharaoh's Abraham possesses a power greater than his, and agents somewhere in Canaan trying to sacrifice Abrasuddenly turns from cursing the prophet to honoring ham on an altar, and in the next scene we see the him, humbly soliciting the privilege of personally hero not only safe and sound but actually sitting on offering sacrifices to the God of Abraham. More

Pharaoh's throne in Egypt, wearing his crown and surprises: Abraham refuses the astonishing offer, saybearing his royal insignia! ing, "God will not accept from thee after the manner

Here, if ever, is a paradox. And yet the same paradox of thy religion."To this Nimrod replies, "O Abraham,

meets us in the old stories of Abraham's dealings with I cannot lay down my kingship, but I will offer oxen,

Nimrod and Pharaoh. In one scene we find both Nimand after that time [he] left Abraham, whom God

rod and Pharaoh doing their level best to put Abraham had delivered from his power, in peace."2 Here we

to death, and in the very next scene, behold, Nimrod have the strange paradox of a king who was, as the and Pharaoh are loading their erstwhile victim with Book of Abraham puts it, blessed in the kingship "with royal gifts and honors! In the Egyptian presentations the blessings of the earth, and with the blessings of

(to be considered below) we are shown the king wisdom, but cursed... as pertaining to the Priestand/or god lying helpless upon the lioncouch, beaten hood."(Abr. 1:26.) This puts everybody in an emby his cruel rival and at the very point of death, barrassing situation: the proud monarch has made an

praying desperately for deliverance: and in the very unheardof concession to Abraham, but Abraham

next scene, the scene that always follows, the same refuses to meet him half way—he cannot give him what

king is sitting safely restored and triumphant on his he wants. It was a painful and awkward impasse to

throne. which there was only one solution: Nimrod loaded

What has brought about this miraculous turning of Abraham with royal gifts and ordered his entire court the tables? In every case it is the same thing—the to pay obeisance to him, after which "the king disdirect intervention of God, who sends a delivering missed Abraham."3 In the oldest version of the story,

angel in response to the prayer of the man on the Pharaoh, after being rebuffed and offended by Abraaltar. The reader can study the story for himself in ham, whom he had "sought to slay,"swears a royal

the Book of Abraham; now let us see what happens oath to him, loads him with the highest honors, and

in the Nimrod legends and their predecessor, the orders him out of the country. 4

Genesis Apocryphon. We can appreciate the king's position, which is well

Briefly, this is the story. Abraham is bound on a explained in an apocryphal story of Joseph in Egypt.

specially constructed altar.(to be described hereinPharaoh complains to Joseph that when the two of

after) and raises his voice in prayer to God. As the them ride out together in the royal chariot, the king

priest brings the knife near to the victim's throat, God cannot tell whether the people are cheering him or sends an angel who offers to rescue him from his dire Joseph. This is an impossible situation, since there can

predicament; but Abraham refuses the preferred help, be only one king in Egypt; and so the Pharaoh regretsaying that it is God and God alone who will deliver fully orders Joseph to descend from the chariot. Even

him. At that moment God speaks to Abraham, the so, NimrodPharaoh cannot deny that Abraham's power

earth trembles, fire bursts forth, the altar is overis superior to his own, yet he cannot give up his kingthrown, the officiating priest is killed, and a general ship, nor can he take second place to any man in his catastrophe fills the land with mourning. All this is own kingdom. And so he does that strange and

so close to the Book of Abraham story, in which we paradoxical thing: he bestows the highest honorsare even told how "the Lord broke down the altar kingly honors, including a purple robe and a royal

of Elkenah, and of the gods of the land, and utterly escort—on his guest, and then banishes him from the

destroyed them, and smote the priest that he died; country. Abraham must leave, even if he leaves with

88 Improvement Era the honors of victory and the trappings of a king. Such record "activities connected with the deceased's office

was the equivocal position and baffling behavior of a in this world,"1 - in particular ( as we learn from numerruler who was, according to the Pearl of Great Price, ous funerary steles and biographical tomb inscripboth blessed and cursed. tions ) those occasions which brought him into

O, Dry Those Tears: But what about the Egyptian proximity with the Pharaoh—always the height of

sources? After all, the facsimiles are Egyptian. First human bliss and attainment.

of all, we look, of course, for lioncouch scenes, and Now according to the Book of Abraham and the soon discover that they are available in quantity. We legends, the Patriarch enjoyed at least two significant

also discover that there is quite a variety of such contacts with Pharaoh, and that is the sort of thing scenes, of which only a few resemble our Facsimile that no Egyptian would fail to immortalize in some sort is gratifying to learn that a number of highly qualifrom Jubilees (39:6) that the descendants of Abrafied Egyptologists have recently turned their attention ham living in Egypt used to read his story to their

to just these particular items and discovered first of children, and there is no reason to deny the many all that they are not properly funerary. Indeed, a reports that Abraham did write a biography—a number

growing number of studies are now correcting the of early apocryphal writings claim the honor of being "otherworldly"myopia of Egyptological thinking in that book, which is now lost. Could the facsimilies be

general, showing us that "Egyptian art is not essenbiographical in nature? If so, their obviously ritual

tially a funerary art"but is "entirely oriented towards "canonical"appearance would effectively obscure the the living,"5 that rites performed for the dead king fact. Gardiner is suspicious of all "hackneyed reprewere really "a replica of the daily ceremonial toilet sentations"put forth by the Egyptians as historical

of the living king,"that even such thoroughly funerary pictures, because they "may merely belong to the world stuff as the Coffin Texts were largely "of a nonof imagination and makebelieve."13 By the same

funerary character,"and that "many, if not all, of the token, however, they may be authentic history; the

Coffin Texts were primarily used in this life...."7 great battle and festival reliefs, no matter how hackThese nonfunerary materials turn up in graves and neyed and unreliable in their details, are at least the

coffins only because they have been adapted to the best evidence that certain important battles and festifunerary situation. Sethe explains how an old Heliovals really did take place. For all their stereotyped

politan coronation text could be converted into a monotony, they are recollections of actual historical "typical text for the dead"by describing the king's events. Likewise, if our facsimiles seem rather conascension to heaven in terms of his coronation, 8 and ventional and unimaginative, it is because, as we have

notes that though the Pyramid Texts are all found in insisted all along, the events they indicate are (aside tombs, many of them are not Totentexte at all but from the restricting conventions of Egyptian art) of a describe birthday celebrations, royal banquets, royal strictly ritual nature, but that does not prevent their progresses, etc. 9 The freedom with which the Egypbeing historical as well. The longestablished article

tians borrowed texts and pictures originally describing of faith, that pictures found in tombs represent "never one situation to illustrate a totally different situation the real world, but only the Other World, the land of provides the student with unlimited opportunities for religious imagination/'14 must now be abandoned in speculation and reconstruction, 10 in which, to quote S. favor of the proposition that most of those pictures

Schott, "it is often difficult to distinguish pictures of show things that really took place in the world of the this world from those of the eternal world, since death living.

itself passes as repetition of life'and the dead particiThe "Lioncouch"Museum: It is a happy coincidence

pate actively, especially in the great festivals, just as that leading Egyptologists should very recently have they would during their earthly existence."11 Of parchosen the lioncouch motif as a specific lead to >exticular interest is the recent study of A. Bakir, who ploring the baffling relationships between history,

after examining the early tombpictures in general ritual, and myth in the Egyptian record. Let us imagine

comes to the surprising conclusion that "there is no that the most important lioncouch scenes have all evidence that a connection is intended with the herebeen gathered together in a single hall of the museum, after. What is intended is rather a record of the where we have gone to view them. Dick and Jane

deceased's activities in this world, the purpose clearly are being conducted through the museum by the being to establish the identity of the owner of the tomb, curator, Mr. Jones, who shows them things and tells

and to provide a biographical survey of his achievethem stories. Mr. Jones has a handbook that tells

ments."12 It was considered especially important to him everything.

May 1969 89: at Denderah the lady standing by theTo help readers understand but not always

couch with her hand in the same position says, "I raise 20 Sometimes thethe complex issues, the author my hand to protect thy members."

gives explanatory dialogue ladies are neither praying nor weeping but making magical passes to restore the dead.

Dick: Is the man dead?

Dick: Look, Jane, look! Here is a wonderful picture Mr. Jones: He is and he isn't; that's just the wonder

of a man on a bed that looks just like the man and the of it. It says here that the death chamber is also the

bed in Facsimile No. 1. birth chamber, or rather "the place where Osiris is

Mr. Jones: That is a famous relief, found in the begotten... where he dies to be reborn."21 Here

temple of Opet at Luxor. "death is conceived as the beginning of a new life."

Jane: But why is it in this dark room? In other words, the man on the couch is both the dead

Mr. Jones: This is one of three chambers, arranged king, Osiris, and the living king, Horus. 22

(according to the infallible handbook) "like three Jane: How can he be both? Who is he, anyway?

stations in the divine epoch."Mr. Jones: Perpend. "The temporal father of the

Jane: What's an epoch? young Horus is Osiris who revives in his son, whose

Mr. Jones: An important story. These pictures tell spiritual father, however, is the lifegiving Anion."23

a story. If you will come here to the opposite chamber, Dick: So he's three people at once?

the one on the south side, after passing through the Mr. Jones: He's more people than that—he's the king,

middle room (which has a special meaning of its too! 23

own), you will notice that it is a counterpart of the Jane: That's silly.

first room; only here, instead of lying on a bed, the Mr. Jones: No. The picture is telling us more than

man is sitting on a throne. This is the happy ending of just what happened at one moment. This one picture

the story that seems to be going so badly in the other recounts a whole series of events. The man on the

room. Let us go back there again: According to couch is in great distress, he has been beaten by his

Professor Varille, "a famous scene in the sanctuary enemy, he is on the point of death; he cries out to his

shows 'Osiris who is in the midst of Thebes'[that's father Anion to come to his aid, and sure enough, there what he is called in the inscription] in the aspect of a is Anion, the bird flying above him. Some say it is

young man stretched on a bed which had the form his own soul returning to him, and it can be that also.

of a lion; he is in the act of reviving."You can tell That is the nice or annoying thing about Egyptian, as

that, because he "begins to bestir himself, bending his Professor Speleers says: one thing can be a number of

right arm and raising his left foot."10 different things at the same time—which doesn't make

Dick: Why does he hold his hand like that? very good sense to us. But the man's return to life is

Mr. Jones: Because he is praying as well as waking only part of the answer to his prayer: notice that just

up. In a little while we shall read his prayer. Notice behind the lady Isis, a real fight is going on. A man

also that the position of the hand and even the feet, with the head of a hawk is about to club the daylights according to the handbook, is "the position of prayer."17 out of a contemptibly small longeared creature whose

Prayer is indicated whether the hands are turned in or arms are tightly bound to his sides. He is the Typhoout; the accepted way is to show both hands in the nian beast, the Seth animal, Death, the archenemy of

same position. 18 the man on the couch, and he is now about to get the

Jane: This is much nicer than the Abraham pictures. same type of punishment he handed out—the tables

The hands there are a mess. have been turned, the prayers have been answered, the

Mr. Jones: Yes. In Egyptian penpictures "the hand hawk Horus has come to rescue his father from death.

is rarely drawn true to nature.... In hasty drawings It is very much the same drama that meets us in

... many times... there is no means of distinguishing Facsimile No. 1.

a right hand from a left hand"—it is that bad. 19 Dick: How do you know all that?

Jane ( pointing to figures in the forecourt ): The Mr. Jones: Because this is not the only lioncouch

ladies are raising their hands like that, too. Are they picture. If you will step over here, you will notice a

praying? number of reliefs in which the lioncouch appears not

Mr. Jones: Some have suggested that the hands of just in one scene but in a number, and also that these

the man in Facsimile No. 1 are in the position of "bescenes go together and show the unfolding of some

reavement,"but that is silly, since the dead person is sort of ritual or drama. Here is the most famous of

never the bereaved. Look, sometimes they're weeping all, the series discovered by Mariette at Denderah, 24

90 Improvement Era and here are others from the tombs of nobles at Hill of the Sunrise, and its altar of sacrifice and all

Thebes, and more from the tombs of Rameses IV and the rest. 29

Rameses IX. 23 This should teach you when you have Dick: Just like "Potipher's Hill,"in the Book of

seen one "lioncouch"scene not to take it for granted Abraham, eh?

that you have seen them all. Any one of them can be Mr. Jones: It certainly looks like it. so Do you see

understood only as part of a longer story. Look, here what that suggests? That this lioncouch business took

is a coffin with three lioncouch scenes on it, and here place on just such a great ritual occasion and at just is another with the same three scenes. Notice how such a place as that described in the Pearl of Great

different the episodes are: in one the mummy simply Price. The guidebook says this relief of Seti I showlies in state; in the second, Anubis is working busily ing the king on his back represents nothing less than

over it; and in the third, the lion has started to walk "the supreme moment of the Serffestival... the

with bold strides; the figure on the couch is also climax of the festival... "31 o

walking, and grain is springing up exuberantly all (To be continued) around him—a very different story from pictures one FOOTNOTES

and two! 2G

Klaus Baer, in Dialogue, Vol. 3 (Autumn, 1968), p. 127; cf. 113,

Jane: It looks dark and scarey. 133f.

2Quote is from Tha'labi, Qissas alAnbiyah, p. 55; sources in H.

Dick: This Opet room is dark and scarey too! Schiitzinger, Urprung u. Entiwicklung der arab. AbrahamNimrod Legende

Mr. Jones: It is supposed to be. It "represents the (Bonn,3Pirke 1961),R. Eliezer,pp. 30f.c. 16c; other sources in B. Beer, Leben Abrahams,

western heaven in which the god is supposed to die p. 4Cenesis18. Apocryphon, XX, 9. Pharaoh seeks to slay Abraham to possess

and which will also be the tomb in which he will Sarahup Sarah(22);(2627);he is toldhe thatangrilyAbrahamcomplainscannotthatprayAbrahamfor him hasunlesstrickedhe giveshim

rest... seeches( as Nimrodhim todoesgive) andhim ordersa blessinghim (28),to leavein returnthe country,for whichbut hefirstheapsbeDich That's gloomy enough. sentsroyal portionshonors uponof oneAbrahamof the original(3032).sevenThe scrollsGenesisfoundApocryphonnear the repreDead

Mr. Jones: Rut that isn't the whole story—let us read SeaApocryphon,in 1947 thatby Nahmanhave beenAvigadtranslatedand Yigaeland appearYadin.in Thethe bookbook AtellsGenesispart

into sojourn of of Egypt. story the Abraham's

falls reborn; inon: only dies he order to be "Rut he 177. Vol. in d'Egypte, p. 32 Capart, Chroniques (1957), BJ.

in p. Vol. and in 47; Rec. de Travaux, 39 Blackman, eA. (1921), M.

to with of his only triumph enemies thebeneath blows Cerny, Vol. 124; Archaeology, 5 p. J. Egyptian Journal of (1918),

greater splendor,"27 Ancient7W. Federn,Egyptianin Religion,Journal ofp. Near102. Eastern Studies, Vol. 19 (1960), pp.

Jane: Rut are these real people? 245f,8K. 250.Sethe, (ItalicsUebersetzungadded.)u. Kommentar zu den altaeg. Pyramidentexten

Mr. Jones: This one is: come over here to this other (GluckstadtHamburg,Thus coronation rites1934),in PyramidVol. 1, Textspp. 118f,No. 220:191ff,121. 222:199206;

temple, the Temple of Seti I. Here you see the very birthdayprogress incelebrationsNo. 223:215bin No.and 220,224. banquets in No. 223:214a; a royal

same lioncouch scene, only in this case we know that was10Thus,originallywhilea somecoronationsay thatritetheforfamousSesostrisRamesseumI and laterDramaticadaptedPapyrusto the the man on the couch is a real person; it is King Seti I funeralfuneral ofandAmenemesAmenemes'sI, otherscoronation!reverse theW. interpretation:Helck, in Orientalia,it was Sesostris'sVol. 23

himself. "Seti I,"says the handbook ( 1965 ), "dressed p.(1954),440. p. 383; H. Altenmueller, in Ex Oriente Lux, Vol. 19 (1966),

in a shroudlike garment... stretched out on a bed Wiss.,U S. 1952),Schott, p.Das7. schoeneQuite recentlyFest vomit hasWuestentalebeen shown(Mainz:that PapyrusAkad. Saltder

ornamented with lion heads."28 825a,magic,"heretoforeactually "containsdismissed theas remains"a somewhatof an authenticuninterestingritual"manualof conof

Arch., in Griffiths, Jnl. Eg. J. G.

Mr. Jones ( reading ): "The king's face is shown (1967),i2A. Bakir,p. 81.in Jnl. Eg. Arch., Vol. 53 (1967), pp. 159f. The "series

painted green because he was considered dead."of"accordingdepictions"to thewas theme"tantamountand accordingto the useto theof narration,"space available"being elaborated(p. 160).

Dick: So he was dead after all. iA."Ed.H.Naville,Gardiner,Das inAegyptischeJnl. Eg. Arch.,TodtenbuchVol. 36 (Berlin,(1950), 1886),p. 7. p. 20.

Mr. Jones: Not so fast! That one word written above p. 15M.185. de Rochemonteix, in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, Vol. 3 (1894),

the bed is "Awake!"And the man is doing just that. 17L.1BA. Klebs,Varille,Reliefsin Annales... dudes Service,mittlerenVol.Reiches,53 (1955),VIIXVIIp. 111.... (HeidelHere in the lower register "the king has turned from berg,1SH. 1922),Mueller,p. in177.Mitteilungen des deutschen Instituts in Kairo, Vol. 7

94. 70, pp. (1937),Iris that, sphinx of a resembles posture the back, and

60. p. "Ibid.,

28 cit., op. p. 276. Rochemonteix, is just person."rather than a or a dead He mummy Ibid., 317. p.

- 110. op. p. 2A. Varille, in fact, look "below dress, to get andabout how up

is Osiris, ''Ibid., Re, "the King himself,"and several ver111. p. Hecit.,

the bed there are spread out the royal regalia... sions-*M.of Mariette,Amon, accordingDendereh,to IV,Rochemonteix,65, 68, 69, op.70,cit.,71, pp.72,272,75, 27475.88, 89, 90,

of which the king would presently take possession reproduced268ff, along inwithR. otherV. Lanzone,lionscenes,Dizionarioand in diE. MitologiaA. W. Budge,Egizia,Osiris,V. PlatesN.Y.:

after his rebirth."28 And what do you think he is going University25G. Maspero,Books, in1961),MemoiresChapterde 1'Inst.XV. Francais d'archeol. Orientale du

of Montouhikhopshouf Vol. p. 446 (Tomb 5 (1894),to do after he puts on all that royal regalia? Caire,

PI. IX of Neferhotpu), (Tomb of Aba). ), p. 515, iii (Tomb and PI.

Dick and Jane: Sit on the throne. Moutardis),2J. Capart2930in Chron.( DjedBastet-Ioufankhd'Egypt, Vol. 19,) p. 195, figs. 2628 (Coffin of

Mr. Jones: Right. That is the next act. Now look 27Rochemonteix, op. cit., p. 268.

"8E. Uphill, in Journal of Near Eastern Studies, Vol. 24 (1965), p.

at this scene. It is the same thing again, this time 379

L. Borehardt, andmuch older, from the great shrine of Niuserre. Remem- 1-9,Ibid., pp. 17778; H. Schaefer, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 37 (1899), pp.

Vol. Era, 72 (Marchibid.,1969),Vol. pp.38, 76ff.pp. 94ff.

ber that was a center of Suncult, with its imposing 31Uphill, op. cit., pp. 377, 379.

May 1969 91 Today's Family

ItWill NeverBe 1869 -or 1969 -Again

By Florence B. Pinnock

Today's Family Editor It's a wonderful thing to live gaining. The answer is up to us. paring the family's breakfast.

today. Anything can happen, and Brigham Young would travel Today, in this same time of

it probably will. The transcontinthree weeks by horse and wagon three hours, we can arise, dress,

ental railroad in 1869 and moon to reach St. George; today five prepare breakfast, wash, dry, and

flights in 1969. Progress? Yes. hours by automobile will span fold away three batches of clothTrue happiness? Just perhaps. this distance. Time flies so fast ing, vacuum the living room, and

The children of our pioneers now because we are able to cram straighten the entire house. In

worked hard, but they played just so much into each 24 hours. A 1869 ironing was a lengthy

as hard. Brigham Young believed pioneer mother would arise early process. In winter and summer a

in work and rest and play. Our and dress completely. It would hot fire was needed to heat the

emphasis today is on less work take much longer then with the heavy irons. Ironing in the Lion

and more leisure. This, too, can added slips and tiny buttons. House (President Young's home)

be good if we make it so. Leisure, Next she would bring in the was done mostly at night by a

a gift of our times, can be lifewood, make a fire, go outside to different group of women than enriching, it can be growthpro- the pump for water, heat it on those who had washed the ducing, and it can be knowledgethe wood fire, and then start preclothes.

92 Improvement Era son. With no refrigeration, food mush, hot doughnuts and syrup,

was stored in a cool, dirt basement codfish gravy, squab, and strawor in a stone spring house. In berries in season. His only hot

the early days, food costs were drink was a composition tea made high. Today we complain about from herbs and spices.

food prices, but none of us has Before the coming of the railrat* ", TT-m - ever paid one dollar a pound for road, all of the clothes were a flour or received just three product of the home. Brigham

pounds of sugar for one dollar, Young's motto was, "Let home as in pioneer days. industry produce every article of

The home had to produce the home consumption."When a

food for the table. Raisins woman needed a new dress, she

didn't come in packages. Grapes took the wool from the backs of

were dried for weeks in attics to sheep grazing close by, and give this special treat. Peaches washed, carded, spun, dyed, and

were preserved by drying in the wove it into cloth. Then she cut

sun. Just imagine the fly proband sewed it by hand. She was

lem! really a woman of many trades.

With sugar so scarce, the pioWe are told that in Brigham neers longed for sweets. One Young's sitting room, five hunwas made by mashing peaches to dred yards of cloth would be

a pulp, then adding a very small woven in one season. There were

amount of sugar and spreading really no idle hands in those days, the mixture out in thin layers on no time just to sit.

a clean cloth. It would be left After the cloth was woven, it

for some time to dry in the sun must be dyed to make it attracand then cut into small pieces. tive. In order to make the dye,

We are told that this "peach the pioneers experimented with leather"was chewy and really various roots and barks. The

delicious. Candies were made barks were boiled and the liquid

mostly from molasses. Children run through a sieve, after which

chewed a spruce gum, and some it was treated with blue vitriol and seemed to enjoy chewing a shoealum so it would harden and set.

maker's wax. Red dye was made from madder

When milk and cream were root, yellow from rabbit bush, plentiful, ice cream was made by and blue from Dixie indigo. Difputting custard in a pail with a ferent shades were produced by

Washing clothes in 1869 was tight lid, then setting it in a larger combining these colors. Imagine

a major allday operation. It enpail. This was covered with salt doing this without the benefit of

tailed carrying water, heating it, and ice, and the children would rubber gloves!

sloshing clothes around by hand take turns twisting and turning It was about this time that with a wooden dollie or paddle, the inner pail until ice cream reBrigham Young advocated that rinsing by carrying more water sulted. Absolutely nothing would dresses be made from five to

and filling more tubs, starching, taste as good on a hot summer seven yards of cloth instead of the then wringing each piece out by day. But it was much easier to fashionable ten yards. By the

hand. Starch was made at home come by the ice in the winter, so 1860's, woolen mills began operfrom potatoes. In winter as well that was the time this dessert ating in different parts of the

as summer, the clothes must be would usually be made and enterritory, and the hand looms hung outside to dry. joyed in front of a flaming fire. were moved out of the living

In those days the large meal of Brigham Young was especially rooms. But the spinning wheel

the day was served at noon, and fond of squab, and raised them continued in use for years in order a big fire in the kitchen range was for the table. A typical breakto make the yarns for knitting.

needed all morning in any seafast for him would be cornmeal It is difficult to imagine life in

May 1969 93 1869 because the contrast with lead, and lamp black together, that time. Homes were used for

1969 is so sharp: penicillin and strained it, and with it painted all parties, candy pulls, corn huskantibiotics in 1969; teas made of the walls of her house. ings, spelling bees, and apple

herbs, camphor, ipecac, mustard, The name "servant"was no dunkings; all added up to fun.

asafetida in 1869, sheets hung more popular then than now. In One of the first socials in the valover doorways to stop germs, and 1869, hired helpers were just ley of which there is a record took

raw onions to absorb poisons. called men and women who place on Christmas night in 1850

Again, there is a sharp conhelped with work in the home. at Brigham Young's mill. This

trast in the educational systems of There was a dignity to this work; party lasted all night. Supper

yesterday and today. Then it was the person was included in the was served at midnight, and

a privilege not afforded to all to family circle. A mother today everyone danced until 5 a.m.,

attend school. The University of may well envy those dear people when the partybroke up.

Utah was first called "Parents of the past who carried much of In 1852 the Social Hall was

School"and was opened in 1850. the manual labor in the home. built. A party was given there by

Each quarter eight dollars in Often the prefix of "Aunt"was Brigham Young beginning at 2 produce was taken in lieu of given to a woman in this position. p.m., with supper at 6 p.m. and

money. Recreation was even more a refreshments again at midnight.

Home building and care was necessity in those days of haroj. President Young was said to be

so different then. Today interior work. The pioneers from the time an excellent dancer, and he endecorators are often called into of crossing the plains dedicated a joyed the activity. Dances were

a house to make it beautiful; in portion of their day to entertainheld often in meetinghouses, and

pioneer days even the paint was ment. To read and hear tell of tickets were paid for in produce.

made at home. We are told of their parties and dramas and picThe larger parties were held in

one mother who mixed milk, red nics breeds a longing to live in the Salt Lake Theatre after it was

"SEW UP A PERFECT CELEBRATION"The new Bernina offers easier threadBERNINA CONGRATULATES THE YOUNG WOMEN'S spooling, into oneneedle,singlenewoperationbuiltin threadfrom

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION FOR 100 YEARS tensionjammingadjustment,with the CBno shuttlemore threadhook, stitches not only basting up to and OF SERVICE TO YOUTH ALL OVER THE WORLD.

inch in length but straight one whole

Here's a Homemaker's Hint: When you sew your Centenstitches, zigzags, pintucks, applique's, darns, blind hems, mends, nial Quilts, with confidence, sew ease convenience and

buttonholes, makes buttons sews on.. with Utility. complete BERNINA with all the embroiders Stitches and almost any design

you'll need. you want. Now, your new Bernina

offers a true stretch stitch, too! It

won't break or tear out... gives

you the freedom to sew a whole new world of fashions for your family!

FREE FULL COLOR

BROCHURE Send the coupon below to the address shown for a free copy of the 50picture, full color brochure that gives you the full story on the Bernina Sewing

Machine. No obligation, of course!

BERNINA IMPORTERS

70 South Orchard Drive North Salt Lake, Utah 84054 NAME Since 1891 Bernina has served Homemakers all over the globe. ADDRESS. I

P.S. Prices start as low as $109.95! CITY STATE ZIP |

94 Improvement Era completed in 1862. A temporary on the shores of Great Salt Lake hands first, and anyone working

floor could be laid over the tops or up one of the canyons to the in the kitchen knew the constant of the seats and was the same east. These were family affairs, use of soap and water.

height as the stage. The parties including babies, grandparents, When the Lion House was

would be elegant, with the beautiand everyone in between. Bathing built, in order to keep it free from

ful decorations of the theater. suits were homemade, with an eye mice, President Young had a

Going to the theater was the to modesty. The girls would wear small square opening left in the

top entertainment of that day. hose, pantalettes, and dresses, foundation on the east side so

Entire families would go together, and the boys shirts and overalls. that cats might come and go at

but to discourage babies in arms Bathing, as it was called, was a their will. And the garbage was

from attending and disturbing the popular pastime. carefully put in a sixfoot square,

plays, they were charged an adThere was not a house in covered box near the kitchen mittance of ten dollars each. the valley where strangers were door. It was sunk about nine

Receipts at the door were anynot welcome if they conformed inches in the ground, with an thing of value, from a string of to Church standards. Brigham outlet in the bottom that emptied

sausages to dried peaches. The Young would much rather have into the cesspool.

story is told of one man bringing others in to dinner at his home Daily baths were unthought a turkey and getting two spring than go out. Some say this was of, and weekly baths were no

chickens in change. Surely he because he was so fastidious; he small accomplishment. Water was

didn't have to accept his change liked everything clean. He was brought from the pumps to fill

until he was leaving the theater! meticulous in his habits and exlarge copper boilers placed on

Picnics were popular and were pected those around him to be the kitchen stove. Big wash tubs

usually held at the two extremes the same. The men who did the were brought in, and as soon as

of the valley, either at Black Rock milking must always wash their the water was warm, it was transTHE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.D.S. Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Jg| Saint families call

R. Reid Wallace Lowell J. Campbell

Associate Associate 8383956 PIERCEIIBRPTHERS21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 2541212

Ideal for Home, Classroom, Missionary Use, WWff. Advancement Seminars,

or as Gifts

50c a copy

40c a copy for 25 or more

Order from The Improvement Era 79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

May 1969 95 Put the magic of ferred to them, and the boilers on the stoves were refilled. When

one thinks of the large number of Sugarplum Land people who lived in the Lion

impossible. most in your meals! w House, this procedure seems alBrigham Young was modern

in the way he liked his hair cut by singeing the ends, never by using the scissors. He would pay

for haircuts with a pail of buttermilk.

The Lion House usually held about twelve families, and when aft'a the families grew too large, they were moved to individual homes.

There were 20 bedrooms in the SUGAR uppereach withfloora ofwindowthe Lionof itsHouse,own.

The basement, stone flagged, was a busy place. Along the west was

a dining room, where 50 people sat down at every meal. Beyond

the dining room were butteries,

Suggests this kitchen, and laundry. Food was

simply delicious stored in the east side of the basedessert for ment. Steel hooks were in the

family raves walls for pulling candy. The

north end was the schoolroom, which was also used as a recreation room for parties and dramatics. A gymnasium was added

along the west side of the house, FLUFFY;M and contained horizontal and

straight ladders, bars, jumping COCOA ItaJr ropes, roller skates, and dumbbells for the use of the families. CAKE lrFencing and dancing lessons were

also taught here.

Brigham Young liked cooperative living, and wished groups of one thousand people would join 1 cup U and I V2 cup hot water dry ingredients to creamed mixture.

IV2 that and live way. cups flour SUGAR He Stir in buttermilk. V3 dry together Add another

Vi cup shortening 1 teaspoon soda believed that ingredients, mixture, was then watercocoa more a much Va salt 1 egg teaspoon

Vz cup cocoa % cup buttermilk ending with remainder of dry ingredients. efficient and enjoyable way to

in Avoid overbeating. greased Bake and live. Perhaps that would be so if

9-inchsquare at 350 F for Cream sugar with shortening and floured pan egg; dissolve cocoa in hot water; set 40 minutes. Serve with whipped cream each group had a Brigham Young

aside to cool; sift flour, soda and flavored with a dash -of cinnamon and as its leader. There was a closesalt together. Combine lA of sifted sweetened with U and I powdered sugar. ness and a feeling of love in the

Young families. About 7 o'clock

Where is Sugarplum Land? It's all around you if you live

where sugarbeets are grown. U and I Sugar sweetens the each night President Young

Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah; Lion House and say quietly, I SUGAR COMPANY

Idaho Falls, Ipl economyU and near of these areas. would come to the parlor of the Washington. and Toppenish, Idaho; Moses Lake

96 Improvement Era Barley Coffee for prayers."he Time Then Summer distinct bell three a ring would, in a thin layer in a large barley Brown

pan in the times, and the families would, oven. Grind and store in Love tins. covered

gather to discuss topics of the day, sing, and then kneel down in Mormon Gravy prayer, led by him. One night at

3 or 4 tablespoons meat drippings the end of the hour he gave each 4 tablespoons flour child a tencent bill, and never 2 1/? cups milk

Salt and pepper to taste again would one miss this family time for fear of missing a special Add flour to the melted fat and brown slightly. Add the milk slowly, stirring

treat. well to blend. Cook until mixture thickto taste, bubbles and up. Season Whenever anyone went out ens

corntoast, serve over biscuits, and for the evening, that person took bread, or potatoes.

his own lamp, lighted it, and placed it on a table near the vestiMilk Toast bule. When he returned, he Toast thin slices of bread. Butter well

carried his lamp back to his own andsalt andpourpepper.hot milk over it. Season with

room. The one who returned last

would find but one lamp burning, Sops his own, so he would lock the Break up dried bread into a bowl, pour door for the night. Everyone in boiling water over, then drain off excess

the home was loved and acwater;while stilladd hot.sugar and cream, and serve

counted for at all times.

There should be a marriage of Johnny Cake a sort between now and then. All 2 cups buttermilk or clabber

the good that was theirs can be 2 cups cornmeal ours, plus all the progress and Yz1 teaspooncup flour soda richness of the last 100 years. 1 teaspoon salt

Whatin—-instanta wonderfullight, instant"now"toflight,live 11 tablespooncupthecracklingslard hadmolasses(crispbeen bitsrenderedof fat fromafter

them)instant heat and cool, instant clothes and food, and instant recPut the soda in the sour milk or buttermilk, and while it is foaming, stir in the reation are all ours. Their life other ingredients. Pour into a dripper

was tranquil, ours a "sockit-toand bake in a moderate oven for about me"existence. Our life depends 30 minutes.

dry,perhaps too much on miracles of Horehound Candy littleDrip men; theirs was almost a total deno ironingor

pendence on miracles of their cupsBoil 2waterouncesfor of30 driedminutes.horehoundStrain inand3

Maker. Character and love and add 3 pounds of brown sugar; boil until

happiness can be attained both greasedsufficientlytins,hard;andpourmarkoutintoon flat,stickswellor

ways. It all depends upon the small squares. Break into pieces when

individual and his values. What a hard and crisp. Younggown andandpeignoirromanticis designedas moonlight,for brides,this newand

challenge in 1969 and the cenfor every woman in love with beauty. Lace

Brigham Young's Recipe for patterned 50% Cotton & 50% Polyester lenotury ahead!

Composition Tea with wide lace inserts and edgings. Adjustable

waistlines. Chalk White. Choose Pink or Blue

of ounces each bayberry, ground Recipes of Yesteryear 4 Satin Nylon skirt fully lined. sashes. Gown poplar bark, and hemlock

- 9540. Peignoir 9840. Sizes L. P, S, M, ounces 2 of ginger, cloves, Gown each ground

Sourdough Starter and cinnamon 1 ounce cayenne pepper Mail Order price flour, in salt water, aCombine and $17.00

letcrock. Place in a set and warm place Mix all ingredients together and store in

until it ferments and bubbles. Each time tightly covered container in a dry place.

this basic dough is used, hold back one When preparing the drink, take a small See Your Local.>

cup and add more flour and water and bit of this mixture on the end of a LeVoy s Consultant or inleave place to a warm become suffiteaspoon and or Mall Check M.O.ciently for the use. sour next Use plenty of creamfill cupandwithsugar.hot water.o In Postpaid U.S.A. tM

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84M5

May 1969 97 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About s in aName What By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

A wise father once counseled the people these words. Behold, During the early Roman period

his son, who was entering military I have given unto you the names young men were never given a service, with these words: "Son, as of our first parents who came out personal name until they took the

you leave home you will find that of the land of Jerusalem; and this toga virilis, or garb of manhood.

you will be on your own; you will I have done that when you rememThese personal names had special

make your own decisions. Reber your names ye may remember meanings and were selected to demember, as you go, that you bear them; and when ye remember note the character of the young

my name. I have tried to conduct them ye may remember their man. In the scriptures we find the

my life in such a way that I would works; and when ye remember Lord changing the names of faithnot tarnish or bring shame to it. I their works ye may know how that ful men, challenging them to even

expect the same of you."it is said, and also written, that greater things. Such was the case

The scriptures record similar they were good. with Abram, who was renamedcounsel given anciently by another "Therefore, my sons, I would Abraham—"the father of a multiwise father. Helaman, one of the that ye should do that which is tude"—and with Jacob, who begreat Nephite chief judges, named good, that it may be said of you, came known as Israel—"prince of

his two sons after their forefathers and also written, even as it has God."

Lehi and Nephi. As these two been said and written of them."To honor your name, you do not

men were about to devote them- (He. 5:5-7.) need to accomplish feats that will

selves to the labors of missionary Every young man and woman win the applause of great masses work, "they remembered the words has a name that he or she should of people; rather, you should so

which their father Helaman spake honor. Our name represents us live that your example influences

unto them. And these are the before our fellowmen; it comes others to do good. It is usually

words which he spake: to stand for what we are. Our task the seemingly small and simple

"Behold, my sons, I desire that is to make it represent that which things that ultimately bring honor ye should remember to keep the is clean, wholesome, and good. to your name. The life of Jesus is

commandments of God; and I Throughout history names have filled with instances in which the

would that ye should declare unto always had special significance. Master performed deeds that went

98 Improvement Era More than 100 years unheeded in the eyes of the sophisof fashion leadership ticated intellectuals of his day.

President David 0. McKay has For more than 100 years, we have presented the

said, "... in none of the realms in newest, most becoming of women's fashions. Come

which men and women ordinarily in. See the latest in style, fabric, color. Convenient

win their laurels do you find hispayment terms arranged, delivery in our wide delivtorians referring to Christ as havery area. Personal shopping service, write to Box

ing succeeded."(Secrets of a 1465.

Happy Life, p. 99.)

You can best bring honor to your name by performing simple acts of kindness, such as honoring those who have given you their good name. Some people occasionally

overlook this opportunity to honor State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 their parents. At times some youth 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401

who are pleasant with friends and associates occasionally become moody, even childish and disrespectful to parents at home. It is HIDRY SOAP HANGER COMFORTERS REBUILT

Down, wool or a mark of maturity when a person Feather mattress.

Beautiful Satins is cheerful and pleasant in his and nonslip fabhome and respectful to his parents rics.ing. ImportedAlso, we tickdo

and family members. By being pillowsbed pads.and feather

pleasant and kind in his home, a SendInformation.Coupon for

young person can bring honor to i i ] Russell Quilt & Pillow Co.

his name among those who mean | 4032 Tweedy Blvd., South Gate, Cal. 90280

for further box information: Ends Waste parents in and Stopsmost

or Soap Dish Mess CheckDown Wool recovered his life—his

Mail Orders Fashioned Patch Oldfamily. comfortersquilts—tops

quilted and bound fj for HiDry $1.00 one guard should You your name Please enclose name, address and zip for three HiDrys $2.50

from any unclean thing. You $7.20 for one dozen HiDrys

should never soil it with unclean Special Rates for Multi Dozen lots

Fund Raising Item Good or haughtiness,speech, rudeness, IN 75 USE YEARS FOR OVER Write to conduct. Your nameunwholesome of Aids in treatment simple sore

INC. BELLISTON PRODUCTS,will label a for what you become throat and other minor mouth and 1175 Dan Street Ogden Utah 84404are. Judas, the Just as names irritations. throat

Jezebel, and Hitler are identified

evil, just as thewith names and COX'S DELICOU5 HALLS REMEDY Lincoln areJesus, and Moses, City, Utah Salt Lake asCreamed Money righteousness and withsociated one of the best in the U.S.greatness, so your name will come

Treasure Mountain A SPECIALTY GIFT BOXES ofto signify person you the type GOLF SUMMER CAMP its flavor quality for and famous for exclusive boys camp GOLF identifies only notare. Your name (Write

instruction, for...11 to an... Golf outdoor 17

spiritual activities, leadershipwho you are; it also denotes what I honey | COXFreeHONEYBrochure)FARMS free brochure: E. Seventh,... Longfor 2301

you are. What your name stands Shelley, Idaho 83274 Beach, Calif. 90804 AC 213433 5714

for should be of great importance to you.

You can honor your name by KOOS KAMP—Located on a Ranch

LD.S. OWNED AND OPERATED

doing as Helaman counseled his Roam millions of unfenced acres with your horse in the high mountain valleys sons: "... do that which is good, ofto campers.Utah. Horses are our specialty with nearly a oneto-one ration of horsesthat it may be said of you,... as 1 RODEOS, GYMKANAS, PACK TRIPS, EXCELLENT FISHING IN NEARBY

it has been written of them"GoodLAKES references,& STREAMS,well RIFLERYestablished,(NRA)chaperonedRABBIT transportationHUNTING, WATERarrangedSKIING,from SouthernSWIMMINGCaliCity, Salt Lake Provo, Las Vegas (or) Koosharem, Utah. Boys / Girls over 8 years.namely, "that they were good."o fornia,

for M.I. A. Group rates

12204 E. Loma Drive, Whittier, Calif. Ph. WH 1-8386

(or) Koosharem, Utah

May 1969 99 GIRLS CHOOSE A CAREER THAT'S FUN, EXCITING Buffs and PROFITABLE and Rebuffs Fashion -fa

Merchandising -fa Computer Technology Book of Mormon Witnesses "The Church in Germanic Lands"-fa Secretarial "The Life and Times of Martin Harris"It was with great interest that I read the -fa Modeling ness"and "Thein theCertaintyMarch issueof thewereSkepticaljust great.WitGermanicarticle on Europe.the growthTwoofyearsthe Churchago I rein

I want to thank you for all the spiritual turned from a mission to Germany. While

reading you have been printing of the there I had the privilege of serving as witnesses to the Book of Mormon. Please president of the Duesseldorf Branch in

continue giving us history and informathe Central German Mission. During that

tion on the great leaders of the Church. time the chapel was completed and dediThis gives me a spiritual uplift and cated. The caption by the picture of the

strengthens my testimony of the gospel Duesseldorf chapel erroneously indicates even more. that Duesseldorf is in the South German

The Era is such a wonderful magazine Mission.

of spiritual knowledge. I hope that every Paul Anthon Nielson

member of the Church will receive it in Provo, Utah due time.

CD. Brady In my estimation, the paragraph on HelPearl River, Louisiana muth Huebner in the article "The Church

in the Germanic Lands"[March] had nothing to do with the article mentioned.

That which Brother Huebner and his

PICK A COLLEGE THAT "Beginnings of an Artist"verythree commendable,friends did, needlessbut it wasto say,not wasinartist recall, story I cover about February the The spired the Church. As by Caters to you, -fa

is the Dennis missionaries most Smith undoubtedly the represented Church, by Treats you as an individual, -fa I in years. article touching the read mission presidents, are have which and the

-fa Provides job placement The Era did a marvelous job of capturvoices of the First Presidency, has taught ing the subtle yet poignant thoughts and us to be subject to the laws of the land.

visual expressions inherent to an artist. If you try to make a hero out of Helmuth

As a drama student, I feel strongly that Huebner, how do you classify those who as Mormons we have a great responsidid follow the laws of the land? Are they

bility to answer "the significant quescowards? What would you call them?

tions"that are everpresent in the world I was district president in Hamburg today. I express the hope of many other at that time, and those three boys were

Mormon artists and artiststo-be when I members of the Hamburg District. A

thank the Era for its artistic appeal and few days after these boys were arrested, when I plead for a deeper coverage of the I was arrested and interrogated by the talents which have been a part of the Gestapo for four consecutive days conChurch of Jesus Christ in every age. cerning this matter. These three boys

Elder B. Carlos Jeppson used my office to listen to the London

ColombiaVenezuela Mission broadcast, and they used my typewriter

How Long Is Forever? And, to her own confusion, she

tapped, Select your friends (and maybe By Leah Leonard Unthinkingly, upon the pane.

your husband) from students The ivhole room stilled and of your faith at turned to see,

Then smiled quite understanding;

Mother was past three score and

A mother's pride toas walking by ten.

The building, in which the mothThe People Builder Since 1886. er stood; The son was fifty, he must have

41 I East South Temple In joy she watched his easy been.

Salt Lake City, Utah 841 I I stride Is fifty years too long, they say,

And knew his gentleness, his To thrill a mother's heart this

For a free Catalog Write The good. way?

Dean of Students

100 Improvement Era

to type the handbills they distributed. I "Comforting as Words From Home"a good work. Sometimes all a person can

was arrested because the Gestapo thought do is hang onto his testimony by sheer that I was the instigator of the plot. I I'm a United States Marine, away from stubbornness, and when the tempter uses

the world, confronted with and home guilty, told, after not tools they his found ofwas discouragement me and it is as today. such it's trace of guilt ness, if a been had like drowning. shown something loneliWhen

the of I understand prothat one new part, like they executed haveon you, would I received the Era from it was thatmy is serthe of to the grams Church send spot. letter the Father. a on from Heavenlyme

I have always been antiHitler, and if vicemen the Era. I'm taking time this Spiritual courage needs a shot in the

to for thank the magazine. you I morning I then, boys were doing, what the every I guess. had known arm and now To

air, of It's like a of spirbreath a breath hand; a helping to give think them have given cares that thewould Lord enough

but through the wisdom of my Heavenly ituality to my spirit. As comforting as us this great Church and that you folks

as and as words from sweet home Mom's their action, of nothingFather this care send about I knew Era enough me to smile. like the of thought I never Era I saved. gives strengthand therefore life was the have, and my me all the

Otto H. W. Bernut that before. words you sent me help me call upon

Salt Lake City I never thought of a lot of things like that spiritual energy.

I do now! LCPL Russ Payzant

I want you to know that you are doing Jacksonville, Florida "Harvard Studies of Smoking"I read the article "The Harvard Studies of Smoking"[November] with interest.

However, it appears that there is a rather interpretation errorserious in the by PeThe Spoken Word

Ferris, or the have ters and author may repeatedsimply he found in their what as Richard L. Evans thatreport. It "nonsmokers is claimed

a group outperform smokers in academic achievement."The finding cited to supconclusionport this

seniors graduating summais: "of 532and Harvardmagna // that is all there is to you

cum laude (highest and high honors), nonsmokers."percent ) "were (66.7324 line is a life's from Emerson which summarizes somewhat

is an the (Presumably, 532 number acThere in short purpose sentence: of yourself,"one he "Make the most for years thecumulation 1965. 1964 and

statistic as this is meaningsuch a But is is said, "for that is all there to you."Each always and man

fact.less descriptive as conexcept a No inseparably himself. of us is Each himself. with always one We as thatclusion such can be forever above made

drawn from this one piece of data. But, are constantly in our own company. We are a combination of mind, of

additional informationfortunately, the to is supplied spirit, of physical faculties, which we use, or fail to use, in one way or the pointthat is relevant further in the article. There it is stated another. Either we learn—or we don't know; either we practice—or we

college graduatesthat "of 1059 Harvard nondon't improve. Either we commit ourselves to the virtues and the wholepercent)in 1964, were 822 (77.5

smokers. In the class of 1965, 796 of some opportunities of life—or we slip to something less than we could

nonsmokers."1089 were (73 percent)

instead of information,This supporting have become. We build the record of what we are; we build the very

Dr. G. Homer Durham's—and apparently substance of ourselves by the choices and decisions of every hour, of

Peters's Ferris's—conclusion, tends and to each instant. We can become much more, or we can become much less,

it. ofrefute is, if 73 to 77.5 percent That

all the graduating seniors were nonsmokbut we never get away from ourselves. Sometimes young people drift

it is clear that smokersers, then were along in life, in school, in work, or in not much of anything at all, the in representedbetter honors group than nonsmokers! But I trust no one will thinking they don't need to put out much effort—just getting by, just

want to argue from this that smoking loafing along, doing as little as possible. While this may be disappointing

percent better a tengives one chance for as to others, ultimately it is damaging principally to one person—to himhonors. as fallacious This be would

the conclusion reached in the article. who doesn't learn and work and produce and prepare himself. As

It is for relanaive to extremely look acaEmerson said it, ultimately and actually: "It is impossible for a man to habitstions smoking and between

demic achievement in college without be cheated by anyone but himself."1 Who would be so shortsighted as

variables,considering important other of intelligence those obviously and to be indifferent to the opportunity to learn—so shortsighted as to takemost

motivation. If there is a positive correlathe low road, to choose to break the law—so shortsighted as to produce,

intelligencemotivationtion and between not or promote, or partake of things that would lower the morals, or injure of honors at Harvard, athe winning unreasonable supposition, then it may be the body or mind or spirit of any man. Life is forever, and the pursuit

PetersFerris data, the reported asthat is a must forever be for excellence: learning, developing, making ourselves that there suggest Dr. Durham,by

positive correlation between intelligencemore serviceable, living so as to have a clear, quiet conscience, in college.motivation in that smoking and cleanliness, in honor, in health, in happiness—becoming the best we

evi-I valid assert this without would not dence, but the fact that it was apparently can become, with reverence and respect. "Make the most of yourself,

not even considered casts considerable for that is all there is to you."1 To do less would be foolishly, stupidly

doubt on the quality of the research reported. The type of fallacy apparently shortsighted.

committed is not unknown in research 'Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Compensation."

studies.

Gale W. Bose *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,

New York University presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 2, 1969. Copyright

New York, N.Y. 1969.

May 1969 101 Live It Up... Trade Up to A CAREFREE ELECTRIC RANGE

Mrs. Allen is Cleaning

Her Electric Oven

The Church

Moves On

March 1969

New stake presidencies: President

Bart Wolthius and counselors Byron T.

Moore and Boyd A. Read, Lorin Farr

(Utah) Stake; President Lynn R. Wilson

and counselors William D. Haslam and

George D. Wakefield, Highland (Salt

Lake City) Stake; President Sterling

Nicolaysen and counselors Thomas H.

Green and Paul T. Jeppson, Fremont

Or rather, Mrs. Allen's electric oven is cleaning itself. (California) Stake.

That's one of the nice things about a flameless electric range. It can clean

up after itself. So you're off the scrub team.

An electric range not only keeps itself clean, but it keeps the rest of your t!l The appointments of Stephen R.

kitchen clean, too. Electricity is a force, not a fuel. Covey and Ruel A. Allred as assistants

See your electric dealer now. to Rex A. Skidmore of the teacher

NOW...$25.00 FREE training committee were announced.

The power company will present you a $25 cash gift when you purchase a new The committee will work under the diis installed electric provided in a residence the range range, served directly by rection of the Correlation Committee of

Colorado Western Power Company. Co. Utah Power or The & Light

The range must be purchased before May 31, 1969. the Church.

This is the power company's way of encouraging you to see how wonderfully carefree a flameless electric range in your home can be. The First Presidency announced the

Because It's electric, it's better UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. appointment of Leavitt Christensen,

currently serving as bishop of Olympus (Washington) Second Ward, as presiKLUB/KWIC(FM) FULLTIME STEREO KLUB/KWIC(FM) dent of the Italian Mission.

rf New stake presidencies: President

o Mountain America's Choicest Music Robert W. Hubbard and counselors

to Dewsnup Redford and Willis R. Burton,

A. Mineer Stake; President Idaho Wayne KLTJB57 AM KWIC97 FM STEREO

I. Parcel! counselors and and Mack

David J. Stone, West Sharon (Utah) NOW... from high atop Farnsworth Peak.. \ \} /"/?. cmzH

Magnificient Medleys on KWIC(FM) HiQ KLUB'sStereo! A > Stake.

location! New mountaintop

Eighty coverage! liSJ teams—champions Expanded intermountain all—repauthorized power! resenting the world's largest basketballO5 Maximum

'Tune in... 97 on vour FM dial! Be KWIC about it!

KLUB/KWIC(FM) MAGNIFICENT MEDLEYS KLUB/KWIC(FM)& 102 Improvement Era league began tournament play this the college wards allChurch tournaThe appointments of Reta Davis morning for allChurch honors. In all, ment from fellow campus ward BYU Baldwin and Marie R. Anderson to the

32 Ensign, 32 M Men, and 16 colEighth, 6960; University of Utah Sixth general board of the Primary Associalege division teams will play in this placed third, taking the 8051 game tion were announced.

year's M Men classic. Participants atfrom Utah State University 12th.

tended a devotional last night in the This is the 127th anniversary of

Salt Lake Tabernacle, where Elder MarThe appointment of J. Richard the founding of the Relief Society,

ion D. Hanks, Assistant to the Twelve Ross to the general board of the Young oldest auxiliary organization of the

and onetime player in the allChurch Men's Mutual Improvement Association Church. Ward and branch Relief Societournament, was the speaker. was announced. ties held parties as they met this week.

A resolution commending the YWMIA was in the hands of the Utah

Secretary of State today for engrossing.

It had been passed by the House

March 11 and by the Senate March 12. The Spoken Word

Richard L. Evans

Baldwin Park (California) won the allChurch basketball tournament by defeating Clearfield (Utah) Second 77The humor that hurts 67. Holladay (Utah) Third placed third

with a 7444 victory over Portland (Oregon) Eighth, and Dillon (Montana) sense of humor would seem to be one of life's essentials—that

won consolation honors from American is, a wholesome sense of humor. But there is a humor that heals,

that a that helps, harms and and hurts. And humor a humor 5854.Fork (Utah) 12th, A:

is that brings that embarrassing the hurts humor of humor one kind Cincinnati (Ohio) First won the allChurch Ensign division basketball tourattention to adverse personal attributes and physical features; the humor,

nament by defeating Westminster for example, that ridicules what people can't help: the "baldy,""fatty,"

is, at best, unkind,(California) 5552; Bountiful Eighth "skinny,""standup-shorty"kind of humor that

is subjectplaced third with a 5856 over fellow and is, at worst, cruel and crude and cutting. The person who

Utahns Holladay 24th; Oak Hills (Provo, to such humor halfheartedly or helplessly laughs, and others may

Utah) won consolation from Silver also, but with embarrassment. And despite all laughter and supposed

amusement, hurts run deep in the human heart, and the person subSprings (Maryland) 5347.

jected to such humor, whether he laughs or not, is often deeply

Brigham Young University 15th won wounded and pitifully defenseless. Sometimes it almost seems, as

William Hazlitt said: "We grow tired of everything but turning others

into ridicule, and congratulating ourselves on their defects."1 "The

spirit, Sir, is one of mockery,"2 said Robert Louis Stevenson. Such "a

often loses Fuller, but gains over an enemy, said "never Thomas Postnatal Prayer joke,"3 for pays kinds everyone a friend."which There are of humor some

By Evalyn M. Sandberg too high a price, including the humor that violates human dignity—

the humor that ridicules and hurts and embarrasses and embitters,

The miracle of life is placed publicly or privately. From Lord Byron and Edward Young we recall

again within my arms: these couplets:

the tiny fists, the pink toes, "And that sarcastic levity of tongue, 4 this face with all its charms—The stinging of a heart the world hath stung."

a miniature expressing "Who, for the poor renown of being smart, 5 our family pedigree—Would leave a sting within a brother's heart?"

are mine to ponder and adore.

Again the Lord trusts me 2WilliamRobert LouisHazlitt,Stevenson,"The Plain"TheSpeaker."Suicide Club.'

with one of his choice spirits. 3Thomas4 Lord Byron,Fuller,"Lara,""Gnomologia,"Canto i, stanzaNo. 228.5.

Again I humbly pray 5Edward Young, "Love of Fame."

that I may always show this child * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, prethe love I feel today. sented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System March 9, 1969. Copyright 1969.

May 1969 103 Lest We Forget

If Uaa retarn sooaa? tb does treatawnt

. Wllklus ffost ottn*. & Gfn8rai3t*wi iaresd oajy feywA%

b*st Ihrus C.H.L Lafca CSy, Ua% VUb.

fey Ge9*s mail Ri rsffUJar V& v****-

Viewing borne W im iver been > BtOffa of FRENCH HAIR STORE.

MKS. EMMA CUSTOM

S. L. ClTt, l BLOCK, 12CC KIMBALL KEY, No.

JKI5Y, All kinda of Hair Fori neatly cseouiod.

Combines made Into all kinda of Ladies,

Ba'r Work. JLAdlea* Hair dressed; Wavea

oleaosca and dressed In eastern Btyle.

Wo havo just received'ib.9 latest style ot

tm iters! CuriaKalrandJewelryFront Pieces.and Memorials In devie

work, a specialty.

sold. vl Hair bought and Human

Chenelle also teach Work, Kentjr* Wo

Oil 'elugrton Cameo. and Dccaloomania and

Scores of styles, thermographed or Dura- d 183 graved, all the accessories. Buy direct

save and from West's leading manufacturCENTS, Jjj. er of mailorder invitations. wedding Rush, ISTOTIOE. HEIf. orders shipped received! same day PERSONS OWNING PROPERTY

, County, Salt Lake 5 cent?. ALLWithin Utah Territory, subject to Territorial, School and County Taxes, are hereby notified that the County

Court of Salt Lake, as a Uoar.1 of EqualtaWAY. tlonSalt willLakomeetCity,at fromtho CountyFriday Conrttho gistHousoday Inof 50 F Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail

desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Name

Address.

City, State, Zip. The PioneerWoman's

Campers Get Crowning Glory Mealtime Break

By Albert L Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

In popular conception, the pioon the trails coming west, the reneerhair—womanher crowninghad longglory.and luxuriantBut was sultinglets coveringhair stylethe head.was oneAs theof ringhair

this really so? grew, and the western destination

In the different and difficult way was reached, longer curls were

Now you can carry less and spend less of life that was the lot of the pioachieved and kept in place by a time cooking—yet enjoy more delicious neers, many girls married in their velvet snood. Later there was time meals than ever before!

New CAMPLITE FOODS by PermaPak teens. After marriage, their hair enough to catch up on the latest make available such gourmet dishes as

Beef Stroganoff, Chicken & Rice, Mounwas often combed straight back fashion in that community and tain Stew in for four. a. single,. delicious,waterproofcompletebag.meals from their foreheads and twisted make the current styles their own.

Breakfasts, Lunches, Trail Lunches, into a knot or bun at the nape of What of the Mormon women?

Dinners. the neck. Did they have long or short hair

for Free Send Catalogs—Camping

Kits, Food Storage Plans. Foods, Survival Ladies with the wagon train had styles?

little time for personal grooming, Heart Throbs of the West,

Please send free Camplite catalogs to: iesa9 and cleanliness was a factor to be compiled by Kate B. Carter and

Name considered. A librarian at the Sopublished by the Daughters of

Address City ciety of California Pioneers says Utah Pioneers, contains wordpic- that when a woman's hair was cut tures of what was happening in

State:''I Z 'P

short, as it was sometimes done Utah:

GAMplfcsiTE # 40 EAST 2430 SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

104 Improvement Era neighborhood, waved and braided the bride's long black hair: "For X my wedding she placed a comb upright in front of my hair like a

crown. This was black, with little

golden prongs in it, and matched earrings with little sets of gold in the center that an old friend had made for me. I also had a little

comb in the bob. I had a black

shawl, with little beads of gold on the corners, and this I wore over the combs."(Ibid., p. 41, submitted by llene Hanks Kingsbury.) $50.00your groupCASHeacheverysell time10 cans10 membersof Kitchenof

The subject of hair styles did not Freshper can.Chocolettes or Cocoanettes at $1.00

escape the pulpit. Records of ser100% MARKUP! This delicious candy costs your group only 50c each—sells for

mons would indicate that shorter $1.00!

NO INVESTMENT! NOT EVEN lc! Orhair was being tried by some. The der 120 to 1200 cans today. Take up to 30

dates of the sermons make the title,days phoneto sendnumberpayment.and Givecompleteyouraddress,name,

days of the emigrant wagon trains thenamename,of group,address,quantityetc. ofof each2nd desired,officer,

things of the past, but the problem Extrasand nearestsent FreightFREE toofficecover(no shippingparcel post).cost

persisted with the younger generaeastGROUPSof Rockies.ONLY! ORDEROFFER DIRECTOPEN TOTO

tion. Addressing the Sunday DAY!

School children in the new TaberVERNE COLLIER nacle in Salt Lake City, July 24, 900 No. 19th St., Birmingham,Dept. 5-28 Alabama 35203,

1877, President Brigham Young said: "Ask your mothers, then, to CHURCH make your clothes suitable and beORGANISTS coming; and keep your hair smooth ATTENTION

and nice. The hair is given to the

female for adornment; and thereDevotional Hymns

fore let the ladies, young and old, All red 1.50

Organ Meditations adorn their heads with their hair."Heaps 1.50

"Hair was coiled low with a (Journal of Discourses, Vol. 19, Easy Organ Trans.

center parting. By 1859, it was p. 65.) Darley 1.25

dressed high, and wound in heavy About two years before, speakOrgan in Church braids on top of the head like a ing in the old tabernacle on Temple Asper 2.75

Devotional Organ Alb.

coronet."(Vol. 8, p. 4.) Square on August 31, 1875, he Asper 2.75

Of course, hair styles were dicsaid: Notes of Praise

tated by what the individual woman "When I look at a woman, I Cundick 2.75

had by way of natural adornment. look at her face, which is com1st Organ Album

Combings were saved to be made posed of her forehead, cheeks, Church Organists 2.75

3.00 Diversions—Cundickinto hair switches. Fancy combs nose, mouth and chin, and I like 25pieces for Small

and pins were the pride of a lifeto see it clean, her hair combed Organ 3.25

time. Women knitted or crocheted neat and nice, and her eyes Organ Voluntaries

their own nets of silk or of cotton. bright and sparkling; and if they Schreiner

4.00Some of the more daring girls are so, what do I care what she Vols. 1-2-3

would have bangs. has on her head, or how or of

Elizabeth Edwards Hanks wrote what material her dress is made? Organ Catalog Availa ble

about her wedding at Paragonah in Not the least in4he world.

1865 when she was 16. An Indian "... Beauty must be sought in

Music Co.woman, whose'home was in the the expression of the countenance, w

P. O. Box 2Q09

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO 83401

May 1969 105 combined with neatness and Pioneer barber John Squires cleanliness and graceful manhad his shop on the present southners."(JD, Vol. 18, pp. 7475.) west corner of State and South

Elder Wilford Woodruff, in Temple streets. There in the homespeaking at general conference made chair the pioneers had their

October 8, 1875, said: beards trimmed and their hair cut

"... how is it with regard to the straight across the neck, as was

head dress of the ladies? The the style. Stately and dignified

Lord has given to women generally Brigham Young, restless and witty 1. THE VOICE OF A PROPHET a fine head of hair, which, we are Heber C. Kimball, and the others

Here are four selected discourses of the latterday told in the Scriptures* is the glory patronized the shop. Famed actors,

David recorded during prophet, 0. McKay, general of the woman; and she should let playing at the Salt Lake Theatre assemblies. BY. U. devotional and conferences

Inspirational, enriching, vital, the hair given unto her adorn her down the street, were regular $3.98 head without adding any foreign customers during their brief stay

substance, as is now done, in order in the city.

fashions of the world."(JD, Vol. Smith often stopped by, concerned tbm tl\e to imitate and follow after the Massive, powerful George A.

18, p. 129.) about his thinning hair. There he

voice aridpen From an April 1873 general would sometimes see his niece, ofa prophet Young:conference"., address. girls, learnof Presidentto comb ampletressedwho was apprenticedJulina toLambson,Barber

your hair in the morning, and fix Squires in the art of "hairweav- your head dress. 'Well, but, pa ing."When the crisis came for

2. TRUE TO THE won't buy me a chignon.'Well, Elder Smith, there was also a soluFAITH

Compiled by then, fix your own hair, that is all tion. Enough light brown hair was

Llewlyn R. McKay you ought to have. Wash your face taken from Juliana's head to make

A monumental new nice and clean, and your neck, and him a wig. Susa Young Gates, who

book of the sermons and writings of presicomb your hair neat and nice; put wrote about this, asked: "Who does

David dent 0. McKay. on your dress comely.... I do not not recall his calm removal of that alphabetiArranged

cally by subject matmean protruding out behind like a same wig in the midst of a sermon spiritual ter. Inspiring

counsel the pen twobushel basket.... Do not on a hot day, while he mopped from

of a prophet. dress after the fashions of Babyhis shining dome and returned the

$3.95 lon, but after the fashions of the wig with placid unconcern?"You

i Saints. Suppose that a female can almost hear her chuckle as

3. SECRETS OF A angel were to come into your house she adds: "Imagine the consternaHAPPY LIFE and you had the privilege of seetion of the Indians who first beCompilation ing her, how would she be dressed? held this... accomplishment?"

David 0. McKay's

writings Do you think she would have a As almost an afterthought, Mrs. and sermons

have been selected great, big peck measure of flax Gates, historiandaughter of Brigto help man meet mounting fear, unrest, done up like hair on the back of ham Young, adds: "Ladies did not

strife and frustration.

Reprinted by popular her head? Nothing of the kind...."disdain to enter the broad, green,

demand. (JD, Vol. 16, p. 21.) wooden door and have their hair

$2.75 shampooed or cut in the fashion

*Paul praised women for long hair (1

Cor. 11:15), but joined Peter in disliking that once obtained of shorthaired

569 hair. 2:9; "plaiting"(1 Tim. "broided"and curls for all but mature pioneer 1186 South Main uses Version Revised 1 Pet. 3:3. The

City, k PZIfi SaltBOOKCRAFT Lake Utah 84101 the "braiding,"as does New "braided"and women.", Edition. The Inspired Catholic American

: pi jase send the following, for which 1 enclose check Paul's A popular conception gives the Smith changes Version of Joseph

first glance, At to "braided."); comment or money order in the amount of $

"crisping pins"pioneer woman long and luxuriant of Isaiah's condemnation irons, but scholcurling (Isa. glory. be 3:22) a crowning may 12 locks—truly are generally "pockets"they say '. ars

\ NAME been or Actually, to have there appear are "crispingpins"the However, "bags."

1 ADDRESS; withhave thebeenmanyrepeatedpreciousin thepartsBookof ofIsaiahMormon.that about as many hair styles as there

! CITY '. (2 Ne. 13:22.) were feminine personalities.

; STATE zip;

Residents of Utah add Vn% sales tax. '

106 Improvement Era These Times

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University at Tempe

According to the restless stustrength of their institutions to vinced that beards and bombs, dents, the current unrest repreweather the storms. Off campus, unwashed bodies and unkempt

sents loss of faith in the ruling many sturdy citizens are convinced hair, bare feet and marijuana are generation According to the rulthe faculties are negligent of rethe order of the day, that the ing generation, student unrest is sponsibility, using academic freevoices of learning have become the inspired and developed by various dom to incite campus and social screechings and gesticulations of conspiracies of evil. It evinces lack breakdown, instead of exerting anarchists.

of stamina, lack of character, lack academic responsibility to mainOn campus, the chemistry proof integrity, and lack of all the tain peace and good order in the fessor and the engineering student virtues proudly exhibited (or ashouse of learning. evince the same interest in a sitsumed) and "exemplified"(with On campus, considering the down in the administration builddue modesty) in the elder genoverwhelming majority of instituing by the sociology students that

eration. tions, most of the students, facthe average newspaper reader

On campus, the persons directly ulty, and staff are quite unaware evinces in the weary, daily headaffected by threats or disruption of violence and disruption. Off line, "Four Killed in Crash at Blueare perplexed but confident in the campus, most people are conbell Junction."Too bad. So, on to

May 1969 107 the next column—unless, of therefore propagates, like "butch"

course, it was your relative or close haircuts in the late forties and friend. Bad news is always for the whiskers in the sixties.

Crisply refreshing other fellow. But off campus, the What underlies it all? Opinions

bubbly enough for recurring television news (in color) will vary from those of the retired a celebration! shows wildeyed monsters of the army officer who would "crack

campus, flouting the law (perhaps heads"and "boot"the disturbers even posing, or gesticulating by off the campus "so fast they

Delightfully advance arrangement), and seemwouldn't know what hit them,"to nonalcoholic! ingly tearing apart the treasured the devotees of original sin, the

* houses of the ancient learning. oedipus complex, or something

So in the public mind, the house called environmentalism.

1-PACK (4/5 qt.) of learning comes to be viewed as I see it somewhat in the follow-

$3.50 ppd. an abhorrent place of anger and ing way:

violence. The student inhabitants 1. Many young people are the

3-PACK(4/5qts.)|* appear (on television), with ghastly inheritors and recipients of the

grins, as determined wreckers of best knowledge input in history.

$8.00 ppd. civilization. The administrators are They know more about the world

SAMPLE (6.4 fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd. consequently assumed to be suat their age than any past generapine weaklings, and the faculty as tion. They do not like much of SINCE 1868

either apathetic or aiding and what they see. This comes as a

abetting the disturbance. Fascirevelation of consternation to

GOLD MEDAL nated students, outside the areas those who fought the past wars

S. CO. MARTINELLI & of televised violence, begin to wonand labored to build the proud

U DEPT. 549 BOX der if something is not with present. wrong this Moreover, gennew Calif. Watsonville, 95076

themselves and their own peaceeration is in instantaneous comful campus. The idea of unrest munication with the world, as seen

inspirational LDS FILMS

'Worthy to Staqd

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA,.f SERVICES

Herald R. CJark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

New Address

BYU SOUTHWESTERN FILM CENTER 415 North 6th Avenue Tucson, Arizona 85705

Temporary Address

BYU CANADIAN FILM CENTER 2300 23rd Avenue South Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

BYU Ricks Film Center BYU Chicago Film Center

IdahoFirstFalls,StreetIdaho 83401 561AssociationHillgroveFilms,AvenueInc.

La Grange, III. 60525

Film Los Angeles BYU Center Film Center Area BYU Bay Hoist Library Film Smith c/o &

Association Films, Inc. 2221 Olive Street South

25358 Cypress Avenue Calif. Los Angeles, 90007

Calif. Hayward, 94544

ORDER FROM BYUAssociation600 GrandEasternAvenueFilm CenterYOUR NEAREST Ridgefield, N.Hlms,J. 07657Inc.

BRANCH LIBRARY

108 mprovemertt Era m\tl international tours through the mass media. Also, acquired to give notice of their **jr Proudly

they have never known personal dropping. INVITES YOU

suffering, deprivation, or discomToday's students may pick up a to Beautiful.

fort. Many of them lack and have popular textbook and read a quobeen deprived by the three precedtation from Pilgrim's Progress

ing generations (or part of those (1678). 1 Or he may come across

three predecessors) of any firm, similar emotional passages in the substantial religious outlook caoriginal by John Bunyan, in the pable of harmonizing facts with scriptures, or in other literature:

faith. But they have inherited, "As I walked through the wilderalong with the civil disobedience ness of this world... I saw a man $r DEPARTURES:

attending prohibition and ration clothed with rags, standing in a JUNE 14 AUG. 16 SEP. 13

books, enough moral and spiritual certain place, with his face from WAIKIKI concern to be shocked by what his own house, a book in his hand, A week at America's Favorite they see in the world they have and a great burden on his back. I and Most Beautiful Beach

inherited from secular, materialist, looked, and saw him open the OUTERStay Overnight atISLANDSHilo, Hawaii or professedly religious parents, book, and read therein; and, as he and Maui, "Flightsee"Molokai

grandparents, and in some cases read, he broke out with a lamentAN INTOURS

I. for cercry, saying,... EXCLUSIVE have able amgreatgrandparents. Some will ofPLUS!special interest to city this that our tain informed substantialalso received rather

lessons in disregarding law, govbe burned with fire from heaven; VisitingOvernightthestayTemple,

ernment, and authority. Thus, as in which, fearful of overthrow, both Church College and

in Newtonian physics, "to every myself, with thee my wife, and you thePolynesianWorldFamousCultural action, there is an equal and opmy sweet babes, shall miserably Center at Lovely...

posite reaction."The young react come to ruin, except (the which

always. Today some are reacting yet I see not) some way of escape

violently and without any parental can be found, whereby we may restraint. be delivered.... And as he read,

To what? Why? Let us take he burst out crying: 'What shall I

these questions in order, as our do to be saved?'"

second and third considerations. There are enough sensitive ROUND TRIP FROM LOS ANGELES GATEWAY

2. The young, as I listen to young people, rich with fruitful

them, as I read about them, and as physical and emotional develop- 4 islands

I examine the social evidence in ment, who, reading such a passage their world, contemplating and of scientific inquiry, spirit arethe 16 DAYS 358 girl, rush together, boy and of to naturereacting to war; the weepIncludes

the modern state, which seems ing, clutching each other for comEXCELLENTINTER-ISLANDHOTELJET FLIGHTSACCOMMODATIONS bent on focusing all its industrialfort against the next induction LOADS OF SIGHTSEEING

ACTIVITIES SPECIAL EXCITING noticescientificeducational on resources NATIVE HAWAIIAN ESCORTS color—from or news—in

TRANSPORTATION & TRANSFERS GROUND how Vietnam. Not knowing South to the instruments;destructive PLUS MUCH, MORE! MUCH

nature of society, air pollution, to seek God for help or comfort, Plus R/T AIRFARE FROM YOUR CITY water pollution; to racism; to man's nor having been so taught, nor TOSALTL.A.LAKETYPICAL$65 EXCURSIONDENVER FARES:$86

inhumanity to man. The more senever acquiring the habit in closeSEATTLE/TACOMA BOISE $84 $92PORTLAND RENO$80$47.

sitive among them, whether drugknit family circle, some youth are PHOENIX $38 SAN FRANCISCO $27

OPERATED BY: EXCLUSIVELY reactions. to or other these subjectstimulated otherwise or aroused,

tours will elders their Some ofdeclare that whole world the scene immeryilM'lLOS ANGELESVANCOUVERinternational SANCITYFRANCISCO CHICAGO MEXICO NEW YORKHONOLULU is obscene; that parents, "the esdiately respond, "They're softies, FOR FREE BROCHUREStablishment"(including the unispineless, weaklings. If they had

versities) are hypocritical or have any manhood and womanhood (as CLIP & MAIL TODAY! 1

become corrupted by the agenda I had in 1941, or his grandfather INTOURS/C.J.C.

of the state; and that, in protest in 1917), they would welcome the 'S? 3115Los Angeles,Wilshire Calif.Blvd..90005(213) 3880444

thereof, they, the young, "have chance to rush to the recruiting NAME dropped out."Hair is grown, vest-!See F. L. Schuman, International Politics, STREET

ments are adopted, and habits are 7th ed., 1968, p. 443. CITY STATE ZIP

PHONE TRAVEL DATE

May 1969 109 IT 1 5 A Vtfol tfW wav o lookikjs*

office and serve their country! mouthed criticism, especially on

It's the fault of John Dewey and all the campus. Human emotions rethose goodfor-nothing permissive spond to external stimuli.

UFTo-TrtESCoJ\/D educators."Or, other strongly Why does reaction occur? There

FLA.1R. -$ voiced opinions can be heard, any are causes and issues in great

or all of which may be true. abundance, manifested every wakftftlfifr socialIt is alsoconsciencetrue, I believe,that supportedthat the tainsing hour,to theshoutedhousetopsfrom thewithmountheir

COLLECTION Herbert Hoover and food relief in antennas. There are always those

1918, aid for European and world who are ready to play the serpent

Ohso-specialclotnesfor discovery after 1946, runs equally or lago, or to open Pandora's box.

dancing, dining, driving, strong and inwardly in the new There are national and internaplaying or staying home.

Do your "thing"—and do generation. They read that the tional societies with contrary and

it with the BALLIF'S flair. USA spends $35,000,000 every sinister purposes. There are curSleek, chic and 100% feminine. Do your own thing day in "an unsuccessful effort to rent wellknown organizations inpricewise at BALLIF'S subjugate a land of poor peasants tent on destroying the universities

too. 10,000 miles away,"and that the as a means of destroying other

COME. S USCALL- OR pRpp sums appropriated would rebuild free institutions. The free agency

US A NOTL AT Tt4 NW the Negro ghettos of all American of man is open to the stimuli of cities and would have been suffievil as well as the challenge to cient to give every human being in ascend the good pathway. DocVietnam "a state of affluence untrines of anarchy, nihilism, social

elsewhere in Asia."2 The destruction, and economic intrigue SIXTYtftlfifcAST on SOOTH THPL known

SALT LAK ClTVUTAH- 34H1 younger generation may not have have their organized adherents.

I60p 32694-5 read Isaiah. But a few of them The campuses, on the contrary,

are reacting as if "the earth... is are manned by people who are

defiled under the inhabitants open, optimistic about human bethereof "(Isa. 24:5.) havior, trustful of their fellowmen

So there is some reaction. and students, not suspicious, but

rational processes. believers in it take the

not be would Otherwise, campusesH+jSfrv PRINTED formWhy?it doesAnd whyon somedoes campuses?

FOR AS LITTLE AS 3. The young, or some of them, inhabited by those who love to

$3.50 COMPLETE tionhave gapalwaysseemsreacted.to beginThe withgenerathe teach,their findings.to investigate, to impart

PRINTED ON WHITE 8 X 11 INCH family of Adam. In Moses'time The campus was formerly a

BOOK PAPER, HEAVIER COVER, the Lord saw fit to remind his place of high privilege for the few.

TRIMMED AND STAPLE BOUND. children to "honour thy father Today it is a place of necessity for

*Based on 100 copies of 100 page books and thy mother: that thy days may the many, especially for racial and

printed from your typewritten original. Original be long upon the land which the ethnic minorities. Twelve percent

must be sharp and clean. No.Chg. for reLord thy God giveth thee."(Exod. of the population of California,

ductions to fit paper size. 20:12.) some claim, have MexicanAmeri-

Add $3.00 for each additional page—Where this divine injunction has can surnames or similar ethnic

100 copies. not been taught, nor clothed in roots. But only.04 percent of the

respect for its divine Giver, the students at Berkeley, they claim,

Add $2.75 for each additional book

mantle of Godenjoined respect represent these 12 percent of

Add $6.00 for each page of pictures does not cover the shoulders of California's population on the

100 copies. the elder generation. Things are campus. Accurate or inaccurate,

Higher or lower quantity prices on request difficult enough when the young the statistics pose challenge in the

is 2 WEEK DELIVERY believe and accept the commandday when a college education ment. But without its protective virtually the admission ticket to

are to wideeyed and openopen place of necessity, the As a PRINTINGWESTERN coverage, their elders'mistakes our growing professional life.

- BOISE. IDAHO 83706 221 SOUTH TENTH population is approximatcampus 2/bid., p. 436. 3437616 PHONE

110 Improvement Era Women Are Here to Stay so stake your claim in the future at

Robert Steur College of Beauty ing in nature and character that Beauty training at Robert Steur College of Beauty is of the society itself. But the camonly the beginning of a profitable and rewarding career

pus is not equipped to deal with—a career that will last a lifetime.

all the problems of society. The Study with Robert Steur, an internationally acclaimed

campus struggles, with its reexpert. This personal training by an awardwinning

sources of limited nature, to aboutstylist ais Robertonly theSteurbeginningeducation.of the very special things

deal with the learning processes. Robert Steur

rationality, assumesThe campus SEND THIS COUPON -NEW CLASSES BEGIN INJUNE.

It is respect,peace, good order.

not prepared for shock, especially in America. When some of its Please send me complete information J

i staking my claim in the future: the about to been subjectedplaces have &oi>&t teurt Name

J. tacclever, or violent the crude, COLLEGE OF BEAUTY

tics of politics, of direct political Address i 1205 Wilmington Avenue action, the initial campus reaction City State Zip j Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 has been disbelief. The educated Telephone Age... I (801) 4869367

in the community, those who knew L the older, open but restricted access campus, have been dismayed. CAMP ZARAHEMLA

But now the campus is rallying

DEVELOPMENT YOUTH PROTECT YOUR its resources. Any who attack are Olympics Through Junior

now in for dismay, shock, and COPIES OF THE CAMPERS INSPIRED TO REACH surprise. The travail of higher HIGHEST GOALS

education in opening (or failing to ERA For special achievement and growth this sumopen) its doors to wider oppormer, let your son or daughter spend 2 to 10 tunity is an uneasy labor. WITH A delightful weeks at Camp Zarahemla in the

Cumberland Mountains of Virginia. Horseback

university answer shall the How riding, scuba, archery, swimming, water skiing, shall SPECIAL BINDER sports. crafts, gymnastics, hiking, riflery, question, pilgrim's "Whatthe

It is not enough saved?"to be I do $2.50 $63.00Fora brochureweek. L.D.S.write standardsPatt Liljenquistmaintained. arts of the the knowledgeto have

Foundation Youth Development Era The Improvement knowledge sciences. Theand Street So. State has 79 Place, Arlington, Virginia 3750 North

Salt City, Lake Utah with wisdom, with appliedto be (703) 5256217—22207—30th

due regard to the wisdom of God as well as man.

I believe the American university has the knowledge and the wisdom available to successfully surmount the current challenge <x/v\v>JiA

JEWELRY CO.

and to maintain the peace and See how this amazing 32- 4 2 W E S T 2 N D. S O U T H DA 2-1039

freedom of the campus for sound page book holds the key to SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH greatest success as a parent.

of harmful in habits children of INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALERlearning. But I also believe that allPointsages.theIfwayyoutowantremoveprompt,causesyourcheerful while obedience helping

the alumni, the elders of the comyour child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now.

munity, the leaders of the bodies Parents Association, Dept. 1 975:, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45359.

politic, social, ecclesiastical, and PBX RECEPTIONIST economic will also have to keep IBM key punch, computer programming, dictaHELP WANTED IN ZION their houses in order for good eduphone, 10key, clerktypist, medical, legal sec, Piano and Organ Salesman cation to flourish, and to help accig.,tuition. shorthand,Terms, no aen.age off.limit. petFreesecretarial. Low TopWritecommissionsfor furtherand fringeinformation:benefits.

the educational bodies a'djust to the INTERMOUNTAIN COLLEGE Kings Music - 2233 S. 7th East

questing sense of justice and the 341 S. Main Street Ph. 3557507 Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

innate moral needs of society on an earth which, more and more, functions as a great Urim and FOR GIFTS OR RENEWALS

Thummim in these times. o Use the handy coupon on page 77 to renew your subscription or

to order the Era for a friend. Give the gift that keeps on giving

twelve times a year!

May 1969 in End of an Era

The most precious possession that There are many qualities that a ever comes to a man in this woman should have to he a good world is a woman's heart. wife and mother, but the most Life

9 Among—I. G. Holland withimportantchildren'sis patience:and husbandspatience

their tempers, patience with the Visitorsthe battleshipwere beingthat hadshownjustaround their misunderstandings, with Mormons arrived in port. The guide paused desires, with their actions.

before a bronze plaque on the—Emma Rae Riggs McKay

deck and with bowed head said, "This is where our gallant is living Except a there man fell.""Well, captain wonder,"no grandson Before my nothing a wonderful than more lady. "I nearly said nervous one to be old was enough

... a book: to us from message myself!"thing the tripped over his deacon, a ordained

... souls never saw. human we

gave teacher Primary terrify us, us, yet these And arouse is a success when A marriage to small book a him us, us, their teach comfort open live happily even after. they to him help read hearts to brothers. us as

prepare for the—Charles Kingsley After Honor women! They priesthood.

trying to persuade him entwine and weave to read it, I finally Heavenly roses in Prayer is the very soul and special as a decided, to inducement, tape—Schillerour earthly life. essenceprayer mustof religion,be theandverythereforecore

life of the of man, for no man a coin tenth on every is fine. seal coat "This live religion. can without for page, spend him to

it will rain?"stand But

after he had read to "Madam, did you ever see each of those pages. a seal with an umbrella?"Green Harmonics

The first evening I need no stereo device.

after he started Labor of Love Acoustics that astound me reading the book, he Grandmother, you ironed Are humming insects, rustling telephoned and told the shirt so well—pines, me how rapidly he was // you have a tip, And lark notes all around me.

it. reading "That's will you share it?—Edith Ogutsch "I fine, said, "but My secret is very simple dear: are you getting

it. but is good, Love sought of anything out it?"I—Oralove Patethe Stewartman who will wear is better. unsought, given "Oh, "he yes, replied.

Twelfth Night. "I've got 30 cents These women who are sealed to—Shakespeare,

out already!"us for time and eternity will,

anecwill pay for humorous i>3 relate -Annie Maxf ield, with our children, be ours in dotes"End ofandan experiencesEra"that to the LatterKaysville, Utah the other life, going on in day Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

honor—Presidentand Lorenzoglory. Snow

112 Improvement Era intrestado

FLOOR TILE

The floor tile of yesterday, today and tomorrow, Intrestado lives up to its promise of inspired beauty and permanent dignity...and it's virtually

maintenance free. Particularly

effective used in foyers, hallways, walks, patios, recreational halls, Baptismal Font areas—

anywhere refinement and resistance to wear are required.

Comes in eight dramatic patterns, four warm, earthy colors.

also in 12"xl2"size

INTERSTATE

1 100 East / Salt Lake City, Utah 84106COMPANY 3100 South

Walker & Zanger Glendale, California GEORGIADallas Ceramic Co. MISSISSIPPIH. L. Cooke Dist. Co. SOUTHTheTileCAROLINACenter SanMonarchAntonio,Tile SalesTexasCo. VIRGINIAMorrisTile Distributors

Virginia Miss. Jackson, Columbia, C. Atlanta, Richmond, S. Georgia Dallas CeramicCo. OlmosBuilding

California Sacramento, AtlanticTile Floorco, Inc. Supply Materials Co. Tile Supply Company MISSOURI

Savannah, Georgia Charlestons. C. Antonio, FallsChurch, Texas Va. San Services, CeramicTile DelPisoTileCo. SEETHE St. California Louis, Missouri Anaheim, IDAHO Inc. TENNESSEE Sales UnitedTile of Dist. MorrisTile Norfolk

Chandler Co. Supply Dist. F.G.Whitt& Houston, Marble Texas Virginia Norfolk, Paschal Distributing Dillon Co. Tile

Boise, Idaho Tennessee Memphis, INTRESTADO Springfield, DEALER Missouri Calif. Francisco, San WASHINGTON Service, Tile Inc. Bacon Messenger Brick & Dallas Ceramic Company COLORADO Brick Builders Co. Antonio, San Texas Masonry NEWMEXICO Supply Nashville, Tennessee NEAREST Brick Si Tile Robinson Co. Seattle, YOU Washington

Falls, Tile Idaho Idaho Co. Crest Nueces Tile Service Aztec Denver, Colorado Mexico Albuquerque, New Christi, Corpus Texas WYOMING TEXAS KANSAS

FLORIDA Builders Supply Powers Ashcraft Tile Self's Company Tile Travis Service NEVADA Tile Marble Moyer & Tyler, Cheyenne, Wyoming Texas Wichita, Kansas Austin, Texas Natural Florida Jacksonville, Stone &

Inc. Materials, EllerbeTileDist., Inc. Masonry KENTUCKY of VIRGIN Stylon Miami ISLANDSALABAMA El City, Paso, as Carson Tile Distributors Nevada Louisville Tex UTAH Florida Miami, St. Croix Trading Inc. Co, Carpenter,

Louisville, Kentucky Interstate Brick Company Christiansted,St. Croix Alabama Dallas Montgomery, Ceramic Co. Distributors, Inc. Watson NORTH CAROLINA ARKANSAS Salt City, Lake Utah LOUISIANA Dallas, Texas Park, Florida Winter Dallas Dallas Ceramic Ceramic Company Company Facings of Arkansas Masonery Products, Inc. Ceramic Dallas Company

Caffall Greensboro, Tile N.C. Birmingham, Little Alabama Arkansas Christiansted, Rock, St. Supply Co. & Croix Dallas Ceramic Co. Tile Cambridge Company Orleans, La. New Salt City, Lake Utah Houston, Texas Florida Tallahassee, F.G.WhittTileDist.Co.ARIZONA RICO PUERTO OKLAHOMA Tile Sales M&M

I Little Arkansas Rock, Mfg. Elias nc. Tile Morris Tile Inc. Monarch Co. Master Commerical Sons S. Co. Pagan, Adolph Plunkett & of Co. DrewTileSupply Oklahoma La. Shreveport,

Salt City, Phoenix, Lake Arizona Houston, Utah Juan, Puerto Rico Texas San City, Florida Oklahoma Oklahoma Tampa, CALIFORNIA MARYLAND

I nc. Tile Mfg. ol Monarch Frost C. Tile Dallas Sues. Co., May Inc. Tile and of Monarch Plunkett De MidEast Co. Ceramic Ceramics Service K A Oklahoma Company C Company

Arizona Tucson, California Juan, Puerto Rico Monterey,L. San Logan, Austin, Tulsa, Texas Florida Maryland Utah Baltimore, Oklahoma Tampa,

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Start him Tight, Dad. To him you're the expert. He'll never forget how you taught him to

catch a ball. And the future will prove the wisdom of the financial start you gave him with a Beneficial

, plan. It'll be there when he needs it for college, or a mission. TTj1 lT Tj1TriT A T T TTT

Let your Beneficial Life consultant recommend a plan that grows with you and the needs of your family. See him soon! Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

mmmmmm