fij'Fl

VI v

mmKpWM

Cutting the Gordian Knot *p DR C. G. PLUMMER

The Problem o Bad Boys Wm THOMAS R. HENRY

Progress in Science of Education M dean milton bennion

Joseph The Prophet orson f. whitney

Our New Slogan melvin j. ballard

Adults and Leisure Time dr. jos. f. merrill

Lack of Something—On.*? 7".'Stories—A

the Trail Ahead of the "Mormons"harold thorpe—carter e. grant ifmrmiHniifcinriHii

i.'. i j. i...

Low Vacation Fares Now... to California

—roundfcrip fares greatly reduced on sale daily May 15 until Sept. 80.

Return limit October 31. For example, to:

Los Angeles Los Angeles San Francisco San Francisco both ways via one way yia San Francisdirect via circuit via Portland

San Francieeo co; return yia Las V.gai Reno back to Salt Lake City

$40.00 $47.50 $40.00 $62.15

Proportionately low fares from all other points in Utah,

Idaho, Montana. Stopovers anywhere.

Southern Pacific For further information call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, General Agent 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City—Phones Was. 8008—8078

Make Vacation

Time Preparation r P S}\ Time

o/ sNjeeess Prepare at the

I is Hal Foi\\?Kei\

oi\e gai\s <\\t L. D* S* Business

Collegewm abk o>worl School in session all the year

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Quality Training for Utah Students Fully qualified high school graduates have never been refused admission to the State's highest institution of learning—nor does the University

of Utah anticipate changing this situation. However, the entrance requirements have been kept at a high standard, as has the University

work, so that all students know that their credits and degrees from this institution are unquestioned anywhere in the University world.

Students continue to come to THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH in increased numbers, until the enrollment surpasses that of all other colleges in the State, but all qualified students will be welcomed and will receive the best the State has to offer in educational work. A broad

curriculum presented by a faculty of excellent training amid truly educational surroundings is the offering to those students of the State who are interested in obtaining a University training.

REGISTRATION DATES

Freshmen must register September 26, and attend special instructional classes September 27 and 28. Former students and transfer students from other universities and colleges must register September 30.

Regular class work starts October 1. Freshmen should send their

high school credits before September 1.

School of Arts and Sciences School of Medicine

School of Education School of Law

School of Mines and Engineering School of Business

Extension Division

For catalog or other information, address, The President,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Atwvter KENT003P

ElectroDynamic of Course!

What radio manufacturer except Atwater Kent could offer such a worldchallenging set as the Atwater Kent ScreenGrid? Some sets are

good at one thing, some at another. This one excels at

range, voleverything—tone,

ume, selectivity everything.

And where but at this store could you purchase it on a such liberal terms—with

double guarantee—ours and

the manufacturer's? Make

your selection now for immediate delivery. Pay conveniently, out of income, if you

like.

Prices from "OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH We Ship Anywhere imfKi Satisfaction ESTABLISHED I66O 61-3-5 MAIN stGuaranteed JOSEPH J. DAYNES PRES. CAPITAL $1,000,000.00

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

KSKsv

f IMPROVEMENT ERA AUGUST, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Grand Canyon Bridge Frontispiece - - - Bertha A. Kleinman 793 ODE TO THE BRIDGE. A POEM

Cutting the Gordian Knot of iNACCESSiBiUTY-C/jar/es Griffin Plummet 795

Problem of Bad Boys Closely Studied Thomas R. Henry 804

Canadian Scout at Jamboree F. C. Steele 312

The Dixie Quail. A Poem A. W. Ivins 812

Recent Progress in the Science of Education - Dean Milton Bennion 813

Live Each Day. A Poem Ida R. Alldredge 816

- Dr. Franklin S. Harris 8 1 7 Lessons From Common Things

- Samuel B. Mitton 818 Vesper Breezes. A Poem

Joseph the Prophet Elder Orson F. Whitney 8 1

- Bertha A. Kleinman 820 The Night. A Poem

Our New Slogan Elder Melvin J. Ballard 821

Our EarthEarned Heaven. A Poem O. F. Ursenbach 825

Adults and Leisure Time Dr. Joseph F. Merrill 826

Dishonest America Melvin Hyde Ridges 827

The Mutual and the Adolescent E. Cecil McGavin 830

Self Starter. A Poem Elsie Paul 835 Wanted—A

- Glen Perrins 837 The Indians—Yesterday and Today

Lift Up the Voice. A Poem David R. Lyon 839

On the Trail Ahead of the "Mormons"Carter E. Grand 840

Liberty Park on a Summer's Day. a Poem - Henry F. Kirkham 849

An Hour of My Own. A Poem Clarence Evan Christiansen 849

A Lack of Something. A Story Harold Thorpe 850

More Tobacco Testimonials 857 Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - - - - 858

JOY SONG. A POEM hvin L. Warnock 867

- 868 Editor's Table—What Our Missionary Work is Accomplishing

For Smoking Women to Think About - - will H. Brown 869

Mutual Work 870 Church Events 875

Prayer. A Poem Floy L. Turner 877

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917.

authorized on July Z, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"art considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; tZ per annum. Address: Room 40 6 Church

Office Building.

I EDITOR'S ANNOU|EMENTS **?*—"V

So many splendid addresses were dearticles on similar subjects will follow livered during the recent June Conferlater by this same author.

ence that it is not possible to publish them all. Neither has it been possible Dean Milton Bennion furnishes

to secure photographs of all the winsome interesting thoughts on "Recent ners in the various contests. However, Progress in the Science of Education."

special attention is called to the adThis is a subject to which the writer dresses made by Elders Orson F. Whithas devoted years of careful study

ney and Melvin J. Ballard, of the and on which he is an acknowledged

Council of the Twelve, which are authority.

published in this issue. Also that of

Dr. Jos. F. Merrill. It is expected Dr. Franklin S. Harris is in this

that other addresses, on the lives of our number with another of his interesting presidents, will be presented later. and instructive articles, presented in a

very few words, under the title "LesThe article by Dr. Charles Griffin sons From Common Things."

Plummer, under the title "Cutting the

Gordian Knot of Inaccessibility,"Indians of Yesterday and Today, throws an appealing sidelight on the an illustrated article by Glen Perrins, opening of the great bridge which now shows the remarkable development spans the Colorado river and joins the which has taken place among these states of Utah and Arizona. The aborigines since the pioneers came into

doctor loves nature and sees far more Utah. Anything pertaining to this

on a trip such as he briefly describes race is always interesting to those who than most people would do. His believe, as do all Latterday Saints,

article will arouse a greater apprecithat the Indian is of the chosen blood.

ation of the beautiful in the hearts of all who read it.

Readers of the Era will peruse with

A StoryBook Wedding is a unique interest the story of Harold D. Fife, a young "Mormon,"who is makingpresentation which will furnish wards an enviable record in the Washington,with material which should be used D. C, schools through his ability tothroughout the Church. This will be control boys heretofore considered inthe means of carrying out one of the corrigible. The Washington Star deimportant activities of the Mutuals for votes considerable space to an account

the coming year and will give opporof his work, and the Era is able to tunity to a number of young people to present this material to its readers.

participate as actors in a pleasant enterThe article in this issue, under the title tainment. of "Problems of Bad Boys Closely

Studied,"is the first of several which

The second installment of Western are to appear. Later articles will give

history sketches, by Carter E. Grant, in detail stories of what has actually

appears in this number and is interestbeen done with unmanageable boys, ing as well as instructive. Brother some of whom had a mania for killing

Grant is specializing on this subject a policeman or a school teacher or and presents material which has not anyone else who claimed to have aubeen seen by the average reader. Other thority over them.

Ode to the Bridge Written by Bertha A. Kleinman at the Request of State of Arizona Officials.

This Ode Was Read at the Dedication of the Bridge

Awake, O ye plains of the Westland! Oh peal forth, ye organed hills,

Reecho, ye spires of the mountains, the song of the river and rills,

Hail! Hail! from the pride of the cities, Hail! Hail! from the hillside and vale.

Ye caravans tracing the footprints where the fathers emblazoned the trail;

Fling out the holiday streamers, let pageantry gird the throng,

As the states clasp hands from rim to rim and give thanks ten thousand strong.

Come out and stand in God's Vestibule, in His royal esplanade,

Where man has joined in the miracle to further His own crusade;

Where the timbered billows, verse on verse, unfold like a cantoed theme

And, in ritual of the universe, the stars of the morning gleam;

Where the forests, holy with parables, transcend all priestly sect

Come out, ye races, and commune and learn His scriptural text.

God carved the canyon's majesty, but behold! from ridge to ridge,

Man has carved another majesty in the building of the bridge!

God etched the Colorado's trail and made the waiting sea,

Lo! man has spanned her churning might for millions yet to be.

God etched the sky and swung the stars above the jagged rim,

Lo! man's unrest has reached aloft to learn the truth from Him!

Praise be for those unnamed, unsung, who braved the stream when earth was young.

Brave chieftains of the primal West, whose council fires blazed the crest;

Praise to the "Padres,"stalwart band, who crossed to find the Promised Land

Behold the structure stands where the fathers crossed, embossed—indited

Praise be for sainted fathers at the grim frontier, Pioneer—the Who held the battleline of toil, of drought and frost and stubborn soil,

vision graced the hemispheres. The empire builders—bold compeers—whose

Write on in ode and epigram, inscribe their names on oriflame,

In canticle and sonnet verse, acclaim them to the universe;

Cogenite with the poet's dream are they who smelted bridge and beam,

Who wrought with sinewmight and thew to prime the axes taut and true;

Who build amid the surge and stress for human need and happiness

Be they the builders at the prow, or sowers at the dusty plow

They sing in choral symphony who labor for humanity.

When Powell and his retinue the swirling caverns weathered through.

They pledged unto the centuries and nations hail their memories;

graven epic is the BRIDGE! They built their ode who scaled the ridge—their

O Arizona! praise and sing! O Utah! let your mountains ring!

From north to south and east to west, thanks be for roads that mount the crest.

That traverse nation, town and state that men may build and dedicate;

Oh, praise for this broad land of ours, for leaders in their might and power.

For Statehood and for Liberty, for plenty and prosperity,

For teeming fields of golden grains, for vintage of a thousand plains.

For sun and soil and river silt, for hearts that dreamed and hands that built,

For courage that shall yet ply on, for on and on, leadership—still

Till where the rapids rage and roar, there shall be power, wealth and store.

And storm and flood be made to bless and slack a thirsting wilderness;

Oh, praise to Him for soul of man to vision, to reclaim and plan.

For all that makes this year of years the vanguard of a thousand years

Of peace and truth and growth and good and Statehood BRIDGED WITH

BROTHERHOOD!

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII AUGUST, 1929 No. 10

Cutting the Gordian Knot of Inaccessibility By Charles Griffin Plummer, M. D.

and audience in a mighty historic human dramaPLAYERS rendezvoused in a vast sandswept amphitheatre in the wide

Colorado river wash, beneath the turquoiseblue vault of

Arizona's polychrome "Painted Desert,"June 14 and 15, 1929, to dedicate the new Grand Canyon bridge crossing the Colorado river gorge in Marble Canyon, six miles below old "Lee's Ferry."

On one stage the commemorative ceremonies were shown.

Another presented a hitherto unparalleled marriage pact, wherein the bride gave the happy groom as her "highest "dot"—the

vehicular bridge in the world."

While on the third, the centre of attraction for all eyes, was portrayed in gripping, heartreaching pageantry, the story of Arizona's settlement by "Mormon"pioneers.

Five thousand whites and Indians from at least 13 states paid the price of strenuous effort to enjoy the privilege of being guests at this unique celebration. Five great Rocky Mountain states, Arizona,

Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico and Utah, were represented by leading citizens and state officials, four states sending their governors to aid in commemorating the event.

Said Governor John C. Phillips of Arizona, smiling broadly

as he stepped forward to sever the colorful ribbon barrier flaunting a challenge at him from the middle of the bridge, "Governor Dern.

it's a long time on, governor, I didn't mean between—er—er—hold

that! I meant to say, this is the first time Utah and Arizona have

actually clasped hands officially across the gorge of the Colorado.

Arizona extends greetings to you and Mrs. Dern as well as to all

the other good people of Utah. Today we pay more intimate

homage to our sister states by means of this new steel bridge andwe bid you welcome into closer, more harmonious relationship—

or in words which meant as much.

Other notable men there were who came as guests and as participators in the vital ceremonies of the celebration, President Heber

Aug., 1929 796 IMPROVEMENT ERA

J. Grant of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and

with him President Anthony W. Ivins of the First Presidency.

President Grant spoke of the vigorous fight for law and order made by the Church throughout the early days of its history. He

told his audience much about past achievements and forecast a future of still greater brilliancy. He acknowledged his pleasure in being

permitted to be in attendance on so historic an occasion.

President Ivins related dramatic personal experiences of his as a member of the first band of settlers sent into the lower part of

Arizona, in 1875, by the order of Brigham Young. They had been

told to conquer the desert and make this thing they settlements—and

accomplished.

Three days before staging this memorable drama, Eagle Scout

Ray L. Richards and myself crossed over the river on this huge onespan steel causeway to the east side of the gorge to the Navajo

reservation.

Navajoland! What a wealth of romance and mystery stirs one

by the mere mention of that name. How I always revel in the

delight of contacting these bronzed nomads of Arizona's desert mesas, who are so filled to the brim with the immensity, the reality, of their surroundings. They always appear to live life!

Sitting there in our car, we were nonentities, occupying a niche in their environment. We trailed the desert in an automobile

they rode the wild horse with all the grace and skill of those almost born in the saddle. We were interlopers. They possessed their

country and dwelt as happily therein as wards of our government are allowed to live.

We studied the wide sweep of the great Colorado wash, which at this spot is 12 to 13 miles wide, with keenly observant eyes.

Bounded on the west by the Paria Plateau, widely known as "The

Sandhills,"and Echo Cliffs on the east, it offers material for long and careful observation. The sun was just painting the rugged,

angular cheeks of these vermilion cliffs with its last slanting rays.

Painting is the only word I can use. the only one which actually

describes what was going on right there in the heart of Arizona's magically, mysteriously "Painted Desert."

"The Sandhills"were bathed in a glamorous haze of soft, violetblue, accentuated here and there by faint touches of peachblow and old rose, the dantiest of reflective tints from the miles and miles of rich redvermilion rock faces in front of us. Everything in the near and far distance was enveloped in that tint which

the Chinese call, "The color of distant Nature,"freshly applied

Aug.. 1929 CUTTING THE GORDIAN KNOT 797

every flash of time from the Master Painter's own gigantic palette of colors.

Throughout the millenniums which have marked time while this vast plateau watershed has suffered farreaching erosional downfall at the hands of those untiring destroyers, wind, water, ice, heat, cold, the jagged skyline of Echo Cliffs has pierced the eternal blue heavens doming the "Painted Desert,"without apparent change. It has never moved.

"The silent caravan that never passes by,

The caravan whose camelbacks are laden with the sky."

The Western Navajo Trading Post is a newcomer recently established on an upper plateau of the foothills about a mile east station cluster about this theof the bridge. A garage and service

most westerly Indian trading post on the reservation. They make a

veritable outpost on the Indian frontier. It is a real trading post,

too, buying from and selling to the Navajo and Hopis who come to gaze at the bridge in untiring wonder. They never cease being

interested in the terrific noise made by dropping such huge rocks as they can carry into the middle of the bridge and hurling them down, 487 feet, into the swiftly passing river. What a cannonade

one hears there at times!

From where we sat gazing in rapture at this magnificent scenic panorama we were continuously reminded of our utter insignificance in the limitless spaces of Nature. Brilliantly illumined vermilion

cliffs to the west, to the east and now on the north we saw piercing the sky another uplift equally beautiful. These make a background for the "Lee's Ferry"refuge. Their rock walls also line

Glen Canyon for many miles upstream. Where Glen Canyon

ceases, right at the mouth of the Paria river just below the old ferry, Marble Canyon begins, and is bridged by the new structure below.

John Doyle Lee appropriately named this famous spot "Lonely

Dell."It is a dell, almost a paradise, hidden away within a growth

of tender green it is lonely, no doubt about vegetation—and

it. Being quite 150 miles from a railroad, it affords seclusion to

anyone seeking isolation and entire freedom from worldly contact. Now that the bridge is completed and all travel must be

diverted over the new highway, it will become still more secluded.

Just at the point where Marble Canyon begins, below the old ferry on the Navajo side of the canyon, we could easily trace the old dugway formerly traversed when the ferry was being operated. It

is the narrowest, most angular and most dangerous dugway of all

Aug., 19:9798 IMPROVEMENT ERA

canyon regions. The Colorado drainage basin is the very birthplace

of perfect it takes many, many diverse characteristics canyons—and

to make a perfect canyon. I was told years ago that whenever

Navajos or Hopis came to the upper end of this dugway with freight and supplies for the ferryman, they left their old buckboards with from four to six mustangs attached, at the top of the grade. It

was four miles to the river's edge. They tramped this distance,

hollooed a wild, weird call to the ferryman and, with a disgusted wave of the hand over one shoulder, said, as plainly as an Indiancould say it,—"come an'git your old on the top o'freight—it's

the hill!"Not one of these intrepid trailers was ever known to

have driven a load down that was too wary of the dugway,—he

greedy, onrushing Colorado flowing swiftly by a few hundreds of feet below him.

The geologic, the climatic, the ethnologic anomalies making up the scene held us fast in our places. The comings and goings of

Navajos and Hopis in gala attire, on foot, on ponies often carrying double, in buckboards, in "jitneys,"big touring cars, singly and in packtrains moving the entire family and all its belongings, its only "hogan"(home), with dogs and burros ambling contentedly along were stirred to the very depths of our beings.behind,—we

Right here something happened. It aroused us to wideawake

attentiveness. A dainty bit of Navajo femininity about 16 years old,

clad in the mode of flapperish addicts, pumps, rolled silk hosiery, knees 'n all shown to the wide open spaces, strutted before us in dust half way to her ankles. She was on her way to the "Squaw dance,"

in preparation for the evening's entertainment, and it was to be staged within a willowbrush enclosure out on the desert not far off. A Navajo rug enveloped her upper parts to the very tip of

her quaint, uptilted little pug oh, it was hot! But nose—and

what cared she! She was "IT"to every white and Navajo male

(and she knew it, too!) as well as the envy of every Indian woman

of less attractiveness.

Instantly I made up my mind that if I wanted to keep the least bit of the old romance that I had been nourishing for many years regarding these nomads and their desert must leave the mesas—we

spot at once. So we "came to,"and drove back to the white man's

side of the river, chose a campsite on the very brink of the chasm, prepared and ate a very hearty supper.

Before dark an early copy of the official program of the celebration came into our hands. We read every word with unbounded

observer's part in eagerness. We had driven 450 miles to take an

commemorating man's ingenuity in surmounting this rockribbed

Aug., 1929 CUTTING THE GORDIAN KNOT 799

Photo by Chas. Griffin Plummet, M. D., Salt Lake City

Doing an oldtime quadrille in pioneer costumes, with "Mike"calling the figures to the assembled multitude at the staging of the "Mormon"pageant, June 15, 1929, in the dedicatory ceremonies of the

Grand Canyon bridge, about five miles below "Lee's Ferry,"Arizona.

waterbarrier. We wanted much to know where to be and when

to go to see and hear everything.

Before worming into our sleepingbags, which were placed at an advantageous location for observing a growing moon mount the skyscape to light up the gorge, as well as listening to the Hopis'night bird of the desert, called "Hoetska,"chirping, singing, whispering to his mate hidden away under the silvery moonlight out there, we planned for an earlymorning picturemaking hike. After that

we would drive to "Lee's Ferry."The Paria river empties into

the Colorado just below this old crossing. The word "Paria"is

composed of two Piute (pah-i-ute is the Indian spelling) words "Pah"meaning water and "Ria"meaning elk, whole word, place where elk drink. The Paria heads up against the Paunsaugunt,

which forms our own Bryce Canyon. Years ago I traveled the

entire length of the Paria, except through the box canyon where the

Buckskin Gulch empties into it.

Each night we slept on the rimedge of the great gorge I studied the sky at intervals. About 10 o'clock I noticed a thin, white,

Aug-, m*800 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vaporous veil appear in the sky about 500 feet above the earth, hanging directly over the course of the river. It had a haunting,

spectral movement as a light current of air fanned it, yet it held bravely to its position throughout the night. About 4:30 in the

morning, a little while after Venus bounded into view from a deep notch in Echo white cloud vanished. Venus (the Cliffs—my

Hopis call her, "Wugoshaho,") presaged the warming of the air by the sun's the death of my night cloud. rays,—to

I had met the family of Jeremiah Johnson living at "Lonely

Dell,"on a previous I missed something out of the landtrip—but

scape. The old "Bar-Z"ranchhouse was gone! It burned two years

ago. How I missed the kindly, hospitable old doorway, the friendly welcome of the wide, cheery fireplace ensconced within a typical

"cowcamp"kitchen.

An exchange of greetings and introductions and we were welcomed to the old quarters of the "Bar-Z"ranch yards. We soon

had our bedrolls open and beds laid for a night out under the stars. Then we quietly sought out the very best "ole swimmin'

hole"in the found it! Paria—and

What a night of song and romantic whisperings by birds and insects we enjoyed! A longtailed chat, Burroughs'"polyglot chat,"

he of the many tongues, chattered and sang to us throughout the livelong night. He is the great ventriloquist of birddom. First

he gave us the quacking of a duck, then the cackle of old biddy after she had laid her "daily dozen,"the barking of the family pup followed and then "Tabitha"caterwauled with her nearest feline neighbor. Finally we were startled by the imitation of a child crying

for its mother. A catbird, a mocker, a thrush, a magpie, a bluebird

is all in one and he rendered their songs in a wild potpourri of—he

melody as the moon nodded "Good night!"to us over the rim of

"The Sandhills."Thus we were sung into rapturous repose that

night far up in "Lonely Dell,"that haven from all worldly cares.

Happy the night, I thought as I rolled out of bed. "—happier

the day!"Ray said as he got ready for breakfast.

We returned to our camp at the celebration rendezvous early in the day and again consulted our program. The big event to us.the one which held our undivided attention, was, "Pioneer Day—

Pageant of the Settlement of Arizona in six epochs. Epoch 1, The

Call to Make Settlement of Arizona by Brigham Young. Epoch 2,

The Settlement. Epoch 3, Moving with the Spirit to the Desert.

Epoch 4, The Conquered Colorado. Epoch -5, Growth and Development. Epoch 6, The Future and Conclusion/'

As we read on we beheld another startling announcement.

"The Wedding of the Northwest and the Southwest: Miss SouthAug.. 1929 CUTTING THE GORDIAN KNOT 801

west, Miss Betty Kastner, Prescott, Arizona: Mr. Northwest, Mr.

Kenneth Judd, Fredonia. Heber J. Meeks, Kanab, Utah, officiating."

we were to be guests! A wedding was to be solemnized—and

What an astonishing marriage contract was to be uttered we knew not. I readjusted my glasses that I might read again that number.

Yes, there it at once I began to picture that groom in was—and

my mind's eye, and I just wondered what and how much he could and would pledge to this maiden. Was she as old and as settled,

perhaps, as one of the century plants which grows with such delight in her Arizona, or was she a "flapper,"a modern of the moderns?

certainly was!Well,—she

Said this preacher in an enthralling ceremony, the exact words of which I do not have, but he meant about what I am making himsay, every word of which was gaily repeated by the groom,—"Miss

Southwest, I present thee, among others of my possessions, with a timeless passport over Utah's end of the United States Highway

Nogales, on thy southernmost border, the termination of this, one of America's most notable highways.

"I offer thee the beauty, the grandeur, the magnificence of at least two National Parks and two National Monuments directly on this highway and its branches, for thy relaxation, for thy diversion, and for thy entertainment. All these natural resources are linked

up with thine own Grand Canyon, the uniqueness of which as a region of indefinable lure and grandeur can be found nowhere else than in this highway system just being completed.

"I further proffer thee Opportunity—agricultural—industrial

for thy greater, loftier un-—educational—sociologic—civic—all

foldment."Miss Southwest stood her tallest, looked her prettiest, spoke in her most seductive, endearing tones, and showing no embarrassment when accepting her groom's prodigal offerings, replied,—"And

I, too, O worthy, O great Northwest, groom of mine, have something to bestow upon thee. It is my 'dot,'my dowry, which

I have made ready for thee. It is this longdreamed steel bridge

spanning my Marble Canyon of the Colorado river. This shall

shall unite thy Bridebind us, O Groom of the Northwest,—this

of the Southwest with thee so long as steel and stone shall stand.

With this bridge, I thee wed, with all its connections both north and all my Arizona I endow thee. May this union south—with

bring to us all that we hope, all that we need henceforth for time unending."Did that gay Groom of the Northwest kiss his dainty Bride

Aug.. 1929802 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Southwest? Ah, what would you have done? When the

moment arrived for the traditional osculatory adventure, a tense, eager quiet stole upon that audience of thousands of whites and

Indians. Every man, woman and child stood on tiptoe to witness

the sealing of that strange pact. At the very apex of that stillest

instant, tenderly, deliciously sounded "Smack!"—long, holding—itoff into the open spaces, widely proclaiming,—"United we stand,

divided we fall!"

What a joyous climax to a ceremony of such national interest and widespread prominence. Then there broke forth a long, a

laughing, a cheery wish for a union of unmeasurable bliss and productiveness.

Except in Sahara or Gobi, perhaps, could there have been a more isolated desert setting for a wedding ceremony? A lonely land

it is, too, particularly if one be not in harmony with the desert, hearing its songs, and reading its stories that are being carried about on every vagrant breeze. It is far from man's usual haunts, yet not

too far for one to make the trip in ease and comfort. What a unique

marriage, what an unexampled of such wide utility, "dot"—and

too: and just think of the size of that offering! Has any bride

ever before honored a groom with such an exchange present? Only

in the mighty Southwest, that land of alluring picturesqueness, could such an event have been celebrated.

Arizona's "Painted Desert"hereabouts is supreme in its sky and earth paintings. Vast, vivid, brilliantly gorgeous picturings

that hold one fascinated in one's tracks. Sometimes they are as

evanescent as a gossamer cloud, again they endure for hours together.

So few travelers in this region really see these displays.

Yes, the Colorado had been conquered, and for a second time.

First, by that indomitable band of "Mormon"pioneers who fought their way to its edge back in 1875. This, the second time, by the

aid of the descendants of these same early empire builders who today are carrying on in pageantry and story the triumph of their forebears. But on this last occasion Old Colorado river has been conquered by a more timely, a more glorified medium, the product of an

advanced civilization.

Man has surmounted all difficulties in getting across this agedefying chasm. This hitherto impassable barrier had defiantly

maintained its integrity for unnumbered millenniums, all the time shouting that thrilling Allied Armies'warcry before Verdun, "On ne passe pas!"

The stories of wedding and bridge had enthralled me. That

pageant in earlytime costumes, "Moving with the Spirit of the

Aug., 1929 CUTTING THE GORD1AN KNOT 803

Desert,"depicting the long, arduous ancestral trek into a newer homebuilding of that event? As though such pioneers land—what

had not had enough of pioneering!

Who but descendants of devoted followers of Brigham Young would have exhibited the same zeal, the same effective organization to have carried off such a presentation on this program?

They struggled into the world, faced persistent struggle, lived a continuous struggle in order to attain a maturity which fitted them for elemental conquest, in making effective Brigham Young's slogan and command, "The desert must be today their conquered!"—until

first and middle names are "Struggle!"

In dance, in song, in story, blithely, happily told and done, this symbolic pageant carried on in picturization, the gripping scenes of former days with intense emotional stress and great dramatic power. So realistic was it, Ray and I felt that we, too, had been

trail builders, empire makers, as we drove homeward, over some of the same route taken in 1875, crossing many of the same divides and canyons and dry oh, how differently we traveled! washes—but

We sped along comfortably in an automobile, making more miles in one hour than they could have made in three or four days.

They fought deep sand on the plateaus above Kanab at the foot of those beauteous White Cliffs, and we hurried on over a splendid highway. I could not help wondering if those same tall,

graceful plants, the "Spanish Bayonet,"called "Oos"by the southwest Indians, grew in the same they saw the selfplaces—perhapssame plants that we admired so much just last June. They do live

hundreds of years, blooming from the same root system, anchored to Mother Earth in deep, shifting, alldefying sand and they flower each year in unparalleled gorgeousness.

Some poetic chap has named these handsome, creamflowered spears, which grow from 6 to 10 feet in height, "The Candles of the

Lord."And they lighted us on our way home even as they must

have illuminated the trail of those earlier travelers over this selfsame desert, and with the same loving, protective devotion.

Henry Ford has settled the prohibition problem for his one employees—no

working for him takes a drink at any time, any place.

"I do not want a man working for me if he has the smell of liquor on his breath or if he is known to frequent bootleg joints,"Mr. Ford is quoted in The

Christian Herald.

Problem of Bad Boys Closely Studied

By Thomas R. Henry, Written for the

Washington, D. C, Star

[This article, and others from the same source which are to follow, will be of especial interest to Era readers, for the reason that Harold D. Fife, whose name appears so prominently,

is a "Mormon"boy. He was born in Salt Lake City, January 17, 1906, the son of John D.

and Eliza Stewart Fife. His maternal grandfather was Bishop Isaac N. Stewart, of Draper.

This young man is devoted to the faith of his fathers, having been trained in a good home and in the quorums and organizations of the Church. He is a teacher in the Sunday School in

Washington and is married to a good "Mormon"girl. The Editors.']

problem of the bad boy is THEas old as creation.

The adolescent male human is a hard animal to tame—and

the taming process, unless it is carefully considered, is likely to do more hurt than good.

An experiment has been in progress in the District of Columbia schools for the past three years, some of the results of which have just come to light. It is not concerned

with ordinary bad boys, but with the pathologically obvibad—the

ously are found in criminal—who

the school system of the National

Capital. Some of these children

are so abnormal as to be material for the psychiatrist. They all are

misfits in the schoolrooms—boys who will not or cannot learn and

Harold D. Fife, Boy Saver who seem to have an inborn drive

toward criminal careers.

If anything is to be done with them, they must be handled as individuals and not as members of a class. They are antisocial and

apparently can't be made to conform to the requirements of any group. So long as one of them is a member of a class he makes the

orderly conduct of that class impossible.

Old Ideas Out of Style are filled with such children. They graduREFORM SCHOOLS

ate from the reform schools to the jails, from the jails to the

Aug., 1929 PROBLEM OF BAD BOYS CLOSELY STUDIED 805

penitentiaries and from the penitentiaries to the electric chair. They

used to be considered congenital criminals, a concept which now has gone out of style. They arise from all sorts of homes, social conditions and ancestry.

Different schools of pedagogy advocate different methods for dealing with bad boys. None of the methods seem to apply to these

children, as a class.

They may be tried under teachers who are strict disciplinarians.

Corporal punishment, of course, is prohibited by law in the District schools, but an almost military strictness is possible. Teachers of

this class demand absolute obedience, good manners and punctuality, and work with an adequate machinery of rewards and punishments.

These children don't respond to discipline. Instead of inciting

them to make good, it results only in hatred of a teacher—usually

a sullen, vindictive hatred. Boys of this type don't hesitate to

strike a woman.

Advisers in Contempt there is the gentle, motherly sentimentalist, whoTHEN soul—the

pats the boys on the back, cries over them, tries to inspire them to be great and good men. This system doesn't work, either. It

only nurtures contempt. What's the use of appealing to the better

natures of boys who, it seems, have no better natures to appeal to?

The motherly counsel goes into one ear and out the other. The

children may promise to be good but promises mean nothing. They'll

be promising the kindly judge the same thing later picking on—and

his pocket when he leaves the courtroom if he doesn't watch out.

Another method is to put them in a typical school where they are segregated from other children until they seem fit to be returned to regular classes. Only indifferent success attends this method.

It may be the worst possible procedure with children of this type, as is shown by efforts to analyze their personalities.

They can't be trusted, they are a bad influence on other children, and some of them are dangerous.

The way to deal with them is to put them in reform schools.

This simply gets them out of the way. It doesn't cure them.

mean, sullen, dull, unscrupuThe problem of the bad boy—the

giving Supt. of Schools lous boy with criminal tendencies—was

Ballou and Assistant Supt. Kramer some bad hours three years ago.

There seemed to have been an increase of them with the social nervousness which followed the war.

Experiment is Started this time a young graduate student at George Washington T

University applied to Mr. Kramer for a job in the DistrictA

Aug.. 1929806 IMPROVEMENT ERA

schools. Harold D. Fife wanted a teaching appointment in one of

the high schools, but he was tired of waiting for a vacancy.

Mr. Kramer told him of this badboy problem. Something

must be done and the school officials didn't know exactly what to do or how to do it. Fife didn't know either, but he jumped at the

opportunity to find out. It was an experiment from the first—and

an experiment it remains.

He was given a vacant room in the Gales school and put on his own responsibility for the redemption of the possibly criminal element among the D. C. school children.

Fife took the job to heart and in the past three years he has brought about some remarkable transformations of character.

He has not worked with any definite psychological system, but has applied various systems, in accordance with his judgment of the individual case. Everything is individual. There is no set of rules

which can be applied to any two bad boys with any reasonable expectation of success.

One Principle in Mind one principle he has kept in mind he expresses:THE "There is no such thing as an inherently bad boy. The bad

boy is a misunderstood boy. The essential thing is understanding of

the forces responsible for the individual personality."

Some of the cases, he finds, have a physical basis, some organic inferiority which has escaped attention before. This is not an important element, however, among children sent to the Gales special

school, for usually they have been examined rather carefully by school physicians.

More often he finds a psychic inferiority begotten of social conditions, which results in what might be called a "dual personality,"the term being divested of any mystical significance. It turns out

that the antisocial behavior of the child is only a mask to cover up something else and that strict discipline or mothering were equally ineffective, because they treated only the surface symptoms without uncovering the thing the child was trying subconsciously to hide.

Cases of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde"in real life are quite common, he finds, among children. But, as in Stevenson's story, the

tendency almost always is toward the increasing dominance of the

Mr. Hyde personality unless the case is taken in hand in time. When

the individual has become a confirmed adult criminal, there is little to be done about it.

These inferiority complexes seem to be about the most fruitful causes of adolescent "dual personalities."The child seeks to "get

even"with teacher, parent or neighbor. Then somebody—playmate,the process works in two ways.

Aug., 1929 PROBLEM OF BAD BOYS CLOSELY STUDIED 807

In some cases it proves impossible to "get even."The intended

victim is too secure to be injured. In that case a process of subconscious transference is set up. Consciously the child may forget

his hate for the individual, but transfer it to other individuals or to society as a whole.

Suppose the child is unjustly punished by a teacher. He determines to get even with that teacher. He can't. He transfers his hate

to other teachers. Teachers represent authority. His hate broadens

to include all in authority. His life becomes a continual striving to

"get even"with the world. After the first forgetting he can't tell,

as a rule, what the world has done to him for which he seeks revenge.

Thrill in "Getting Even"child may succeed in "getting even."The successANOTHER

gives him so exhilarating a sensation of selfsatisfaction—

he desires to repeat it. He repeats it over and over again,thrill—that

gradually forgetting the original cause and remembering only the satisfaction that results.

In either case, the outcome may be the confirmed criminal or the murderer.

On the other is a highly disputable point which was hand—this

stressed by Dr. Adler of Vienna, the father of this school of psycertain circumstances the outcome may be genius chology—under

a Napoleon or a Shakespeare. The only reason for mentioning

Adler's debatable theory is that Fife's work seems to have brought out some remarkable confirmations of it.

Fife, however, holds no particular brief for the inferiority complex school of psychoanalysis. His classroom varies in some essential

aspects from the school clinics which Adler set up all over Germany.

The facts remain that most of his cases seem to have originated in an inferiority complex.

Seeks Something Wholesome actual method of treating these cases of dual personality isMIS purely a pragmatic one, combining Adlerism with behaviorism in a way which has brought results. He seeks, by observation and by

conversation, to discover something wholesome in which the boy is interested. Usually this discovery comes simultaneously with the

discovery of the complex that dominates the child's personality.

Sometimes, however, it results purely from an offhand observation and has no direct reference to the underlying causes.

He has found, for example, that the great majority of these "dual personality"children are idol is, they have worshipers—that

set up some figure in history as an ideal and are intensely interested in

Aug.. \9i9808 IMPROVEMENT ERA

everything pertaining to that figure. It might, for example, be

Napoleon.

Upon this Napoleon complex he tries to graft other interests.

Take arithmetic. Almost every boy sent to the Gates special school

hates arithmetic and has failed in this subject. A great deal of

arithmetic can be grouped around the career of Napoleon. He had

to know arithmetic to be an artillery officer, the foundation of his career.

Once the interest in arithmetic has been aroused, Fife tries to give the child instruction in the fundamentals of the subject with some hopes of success.

Also Dislikes Grammar subject which almost every boy in the school hatesANOTHER and has failed in is English grammar. It always is perplexing

to devise some way to arouse a child's interest in grammar. This

is particularly the case, Fife says, with children from foreignspeak- ing homes where English is not spoken.

Again the child may be "handminded."The interest around

which everything can be grouped then is the opportunity for making things and the use of tools.

Once the interest or the complex has been uncovered, Fife's work is purely a process of conditioning according to the behavioristic philosophy.

The District school system has a pragmatic system for testing intelligence and classifying children according to their mental age

The theory behind this practice is somewhat obscure, but the fact remains that it works very well in practice with the great majority of children.

What is Intelligence?

is agreed on a definition of intelligence. It may beNOBODY

one thing or another, or it may be nothing at all. There does,

however, appear to be a factor in most persons which determines their ability to cope with a new is, situation—that learn—and

which remains fairly constant throughout life. This is what is

tested. School officials don't claim infallibility for the method.

Now one school of psychology, into whose findings Fife's results seem to fit, would say that "intelligence"is a myth—that

there is no such thing. It would do away with the problem of

feeblemindedness by the statement, with certain reservations for congenital atrophy of brain cells, that there is no such thing as rather that the difference between the moronfeeblemindedness—or

and the genius is not intelligence, but something else.

It holds that ability is a matter of complexes, just as thinking

Aug.. 1929 PROBLEM OF BAD BOYS CLOSELY STUDIED 809

is admittedly a matter of complexes. It would hold that children

who do well with intelligence tests do so simply because the tests happen to fit into their complexes.

There is a small percentage of children in the District schools with I. Q.'s (Intelligence Quotient) of 150 or above. For the most

part they are fairly well behaved children with healthy bodies.

They do extremely well in their classes.

They are classified as geniuses. Obviously the word is used

here in a special sense. It merely means highclass allround ability.

It hardly can be held to mean ability in any special sense. Such

children can be expected to do well in the world if the luck isn't all against them, and stand well in business and the professions.

At the other extreme are the children with I. Q.'s below 100

not defectives, but barely up to the average.

Gets Intelligent Ratings boys come to Fife, he is furnished with their intelligenceWHEN ratings, but he finds that in many instances special conditions obtain which throw grave doubts on the validity of these ratings.

The children simply have not fitted into the rating system, yet some of them appear to be geniuses in the popularly accepted meaning of the term.

When a 15 -yearold boy with an I. Q. which would indicate

that he was a highgrade moron draws a penand-ink sketch of

Lindbergh which an art critic at first sight mistakes for a photograph and which is exhibited as a special evidence of child genius in the art gallery of a large American city, it is clear that there has been a mistake of some kind. There is something about the lad which

tests have failed to touch.

Once Fife tried an intelligence test of his own on a boy who came to him with a very low I. a normal record that was Q.—and

lower still.

The teacher is interested in mechanics and likes to fool with watches. He never has been able, however, to take a watch apart

and put it together again without marking the pieces.

This boy, from a very poor home, knew nothing about the insides of watches.

Fife brought him an old watch and told him to take it apart and put it together again.

"You'd better mark the pieces or you'll never get them back in the right place,"he said.

"What do I want to mark 'em for? There's only one place

for each piece to go, ain't there?"said the boy.

He took the watch apart and put it together so that it ran

Aug.. 1929810 IMPROVEMENT ERA

perfectly. He seemed to sense the relations between parts.

Yet the boy was a dunce, officially.

Personality Split personality split in childhood is sharp.THE There is little mixing of good qualities and bad. The bad

boy of the type Fife gets usually appears almost all bad. If there

had been much apparent good, regular teachers would not have given the boy up as hopeless.

The angel in the boy is left to wander, a fleshless ghost, in the darkness of the subconscious.

Yet, Fife holds from observation, the bond never is completely severed. There is a may be hard to find the bridge—it it—which

waters of hate have not washed away.

There is a similar phenomenon which has been observed in the adolescent period, the results of which are exactly opposite. This

is the phenomenon of conversion, when a normally bad boy, under the influence of intense religious emotions, has a personality split and shows to the world a personality which appears all good, for a time.

The end effects of this split sometimes are as devastating as those of the opposite type.

Fife has been developing a technique for dealing with the bad type of dual personality which requires two paqualities—infinite

tience and the ability to sense quickly when one has probed the controlling complex, whether it be one of inferiority or a sexual complex of some sort which usually can be found only by a trained psychiatrist.

It may require months or years of observation before the mechanism of the personality split is recognized.

These boys, certainly, have not analyzed themselves. They

don't know why they are bad. They are nearly all proficient and

shameless liars. They are almost sure to lie about the things which

they feel most vitally.

They generally are immune to the pat on the shoulder, the fatherly advice, the assurance of love and kindness, the stories of how good little boys got along in the world.

They have words for that kind of stuff which are not fit to print.

Hunts Root of Trouble frequently must go into the homes to find the root of theFIFE trouble. That is not always an easy thing to do. If the home

has conditions which automatically create a bad boy, it is likely to be a hard home to penetrate.

Aug.. 1929 PROBLEM OF BAD BOYS CLOSELY STUDIED 811

The teacher doesn't always find the trouble. He admits there is

a good deal he doesn't know about this most complex of all subjects, the creation of personality. He is trying to learn more from actual

experience and points to his few startling successes as evidence of the enormous opportunity offered by this field for those who know more than he does.

The boys are not always transformed and redeemed. There is

always the danger of giving a false impression of any work of this giving the public the impression that here is a cureall forkind—of

criminality. It is merely a pioneering effort which has struck gold

in some places.

Boys Are Not Stigmatized Gales special school consists of a single room with some desks,THE blackboards and carpenter tools.

The boys are not segregated. They are not stigmatized. They

merely are students in a division of one of the regular elementary schools of the District. It is not a typical school. They are not

sent there to be reformed and then sent back to regular classes.

They remain there through their elementary school careers. It

is possible to give them a year, at least, of junior high school work there.

Once they enter that room I. Q. records are a thing of the past.

They have a fresh start, away from everything that has gone before.

Many of them, especially the "handminded"ones, enter the trades. Fife keeps in touch with employers throughout the city.

Those who show academic trends are sent ahead into the high schools.

It is no eighthour job to deal with boys in this way. It is

a 24hour job. One must live their lives with them.

Fife checked his own observations last summer by a 14,000mile trip through the United States, Mexico and Canada, interviewing boys in reformatories and penitentiaries.

He found hundreds of verifications of his observations of the inferiority complex and the determination to get even.

Among the boys he talked with was William Edward Hickman, the fiendmurderer, then awaiting execution in San Quentin.

Hickman, he says, told him a story which he did not tell in he first declared war on society as the result of being court—that

unjustly punished for the act of another boy in snapping a spitball at a teacher.

"It hurt me terribly,"he says Hickman told him. "I made

up my mind to get even with that teacher. I did get even with her.

Aug., 1929812 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I liked getting even so much that I've been getting even ever since.

Now they are going to get even with me."

This fits exactly into the observations of bad boys which Fife has made in Washington.

Canadian Scout at Jamboree

will introduce Scout THIS Kenneth Russell of Lethbridge, Canada. A distinctive honor has come to

Kenneth, as he will represent the city of Lethbridge at the International Boy Scout Jamboree in England this year. There

was a large field of candidates for the honor, but Kenneth was selected.

He is a typical Latterday Saint in limb, alert boy—strong

of mind and clean in his habits.

He has a brilliant Scout record, being a King Scout, with a whole string of merit badges, although "Ken"would be the last to tell you about them. A

Kenneth Russell, Canadian Scout King Scout corresponds to the

Eagle Scout in the United States. "Ken"belongs to Troop No. 1, Lethbridge, and his Scoutmaster is Dr. C. M. Fletcher, Lethbridge stake Boy Scout Commissioner and first counselor to the stake superintendent. He is

the son of Mr. and Mrs. William R. Russell of Lethbridge, formerly

of Ogden, Utah, and he will likely be the only "Mormon"scout from

Canada at the F. Steele, Stake Superintendent. Jamboree—C.

The Dixie Quail In early morn, when the night had fled,

And the Pioneer rose from his weary bed,

The musical call of the quail to his mate

Brought cheer as he grappled the problems of fate.

A. w. ivins

Recent Progress in the Science of Education By Dean Milton Bennion Address given as a part of the M. I. A. Radio K S L Program

Sunday, March 24, 1929 like agriculture, home economics, and medicine,EDUCATION, is primarily an applied science. These sciences are also alike

in being composite; i. e., they draw upon other sciences for

facts and laws or principles that can be utilized in formulating their own aims and methods. Education, in formulating its aims and determining the agencies that shall be responsible for realizing these

aims, must draw heavily upon history, sociology, political science, economics, and ethics; in formulating its methods of instruction and

conduct controls, it must draw heavily upon the principles of both individual and social psychology, of both physical and mental hygiene, of public sanitation, and of other human sciences. Each

one of these sciences is in itself complex and, thus far, more or less inexact.

It follows, of necessity, that education is even more complex and, in many of its aspects, inexact. Fortunately, however, education is also an art. It has been so through the many centuries of its

history and will doubtless continue to be so. As an art, however,

it can be much improved by scientific study of underlying principles.

In recent years much has been done to improve methods of administration, as well as methods of instruction, by statistical and other scientific studies of specific educational problems. Education has

benefited much by the progress made in the measurement of intelligence. It is also building up a body of science of its own through

comparative studies of progress made by groups of pupils under controlled conditions, thus finding a basis of determining the relative merits of different methods of procedure. By these means it is finding answers to such questions as:

In what subjects do pupils progress more rapidly by the method of individual rather than by the method of group instruction?

Where the method of group instruction is used, what size of group is most advantageous?

As a result of these studies, there is a growing tendency to provide increased opportunities for individual work in the acquisition of certain skills; and to increase the size of classes in certain types of

group instruction.

Aug.. 1929 S14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Recent scientific studies in psychology, sociology, and economics are paving the way for more effective educational guidance of individuals and a greater degree of success in their vocational placement. Such guidance, however, calls for individual case studies, involving many factors in addition to those that can be treated by exact or mathematical methods.

Satisfactory progress in education can come only through combined use of philosophic study of the problem in its larger aspects, and scientific study of specific procedures; this will include study of

the personal influence of teachers and of comrades. Discovery of the

great influence of associates and of group standards is one of the outstanding results of the attempt during the last few years to make scientific study of character education methods. At the recent national educational meetings in Cleveland, Ohio, Dean William F.

Russell, of Teachers'College, Columbia University, ventured to predict that the greatest contribution that will be made to the science of education during the next few years will come from the field of social psychology. Somewhat in line with this prediction was a paper presented by Professor Ross L. Finney, of the University of Minnesota,

author of A Sociological Philosophy of Education, in which he suggested reexamination of the foundations of education in the light of all the social and human sciences. His contention was that the

science of education, in the narrower sense, may contribute much toward determining how to further the learning process, but that it does not determine what to teach or what ultimate goals to aim at.

In any attempt to work out a system of education these should first receive thorough -going consideration.

presented by Professor C. W. Bag- A closely allied thought was

ley, of Columbia University, who, after presentation of statistics showing the high percentage of crime in our country and the youth of criminals generally, pointed out the necessity of reevaluating educational aims and extending scientific study of methods to the question of moral influences as well as to the learning processes.

Dr. John J. Tigert, who recently resigned as United States

Commissioner of Education to become president of the University of

Florida, emphasized the same point.

Moral education is, of course, a very old problem in the history of education; but until recently, little has been done toward a scientific solution of the most effective methods of influencing character

traits. During the last few years, however, large sums of money have

been spent by some of the philanthropic foundations in support of scientific studies on this phase of education. The most notable of

these efforts is the study by Hartshorne and May, under the general direction of Thorndike at Teachers'College, Columbia University.

Aug., 1929 RECENT PROGRESS IN SCIENCE OF EDUCATION 8 1

Results of this work have been published at various times in magazine articles. A comprehensive survey and report, however, came

out last year in a rather large volume, entitled Studies in Deceit, published by the Macmillan Company. Results of this study were

at first rather startling to many people, since they seemed to show that the pupil's honesty was not improved by the instruction received in Sunday School; that is, in case of the pupils studied. The study,

however, revealed nothing as to the effect of this instruction upon other phases of character, nor did the investigations, nor could they well, test every phase of honesty. Honesty is not a simple quality

of character. It is well known that the same person may be very

honest in some ways and at the same time dishonest in some other ways. These facts are recognized and noted by the authors. In the

types of honesty tested there was a predominance of situations in which the pupil cheated in order to make a better showing in knowledge and skill; the kind of cheating that students indulge in in examinations, and toward which many individuals have a different attitude from that manifested in other situations. Some, at least, have

the notion that by cheating in examinations they can better themselves without injuring anybody else. In this they are, of course,

mistaken. It may be, however, that what they need is not less instruction in honesty, but more thoroughgoing instruction and the

employment of more scientific methods. This is, of course, only a

suggestion for further experimentation.

A study made a few years ago by Voelker, entitled The Function of Ideals and Attitudes in Social Education, a study in which the Scout methods of instruction were used, seemed to show that ideals can be taught, and can be made effective in improving conduct.

Scientific study of the problems of social and moral education is so new and so difficult that investigators hesitate to give more than tentative conclusions.

Among the notable studies in education carried on during the past twelve months are the following;

a. Preschool and Parental Education, by a committee of the

National Society for the Study of Education. This is published in

two volumes;

Part and Development. I—Organization

Part and Methods. II—Research

These two volumes may be obtained from the Public School

Publishing Co. of Bloomington, 111. They represent the combined

work of leading psychologists, psychiatrists, and practical educators, such as Patty Hill of Columbia University.

b. Of equal significance is The Commonwealth Teacher

Aug., 1 9 29816 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Training Study, made by Charters and Waples and published by the University of Chicago Press.

These investigators have attempted an analysis and evaluation of all the activities of teachers while on their jobs, i. e., they have

used the "job analysis"method. It is designed to reveal the best

practices in teaching with a view to devising the most effective teacher-training methods.

c. is The YearBook of the A third important publication

National Society of College Teachers of Education, published by the University of Chicago Press.

This is given, in the main, to studies in the methods of teaching college students.

It may be noted in this connection that some universities are spending very liberally in research studies in this field, with a view to improving the methods of college education.

It should also be noted that systematic study of education began with the study of childhood education and that in the course of generations it became generally recognized that high school teachers also need to study educational methods as well as the particular subjects they are to teach. They are now required by law to do so. The

process of extending this practice to college teachers is now well under way. This does not mean that scholarship requirements in academic subjects are to be lowered, but rather that these requirements

are to be supplemented with professional scholarship and professional training. Surely understanding, on the part of the teacher, of human nature and of how best to deal with the young persons in his

charge is as essential and just as much a matter of scholarship as is mastery of the socalled academic subjects. Recognition of this fact

is sure to result in requirement of professional preparation of all teachers and consequent reduction of poor teaching.

Live Each Day./ Live each day that evening shadows

May ne'er bring a blush of shame,

That your efforts be rewarded By no taint upon your name.

Pause a moment, e're you slumber,

Scan your work and build upon The successes and the failures

Of the day that's passed and gone.

Life is but a school of learning,

Each day but a little span, Just one tiny link connecting The experiences of man.

Mesa, Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGfc

Lessons From Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of the B. Y. U.

6. Soil is nothing more common than the dirt on which weTHERE walk, or the clod we kick, or the dust that covers our shoes.

Yet the materials forming these are among the great marvels of the scientist. Technically, the soil is a combination of disintegrated

rock material mixed with small amounts of organic matter which has resulted from the decay of vegetation or animals. Practically,

it is the source of all the wealth of the world; that is, it furnishes directly or indirectly most of the food, clothing, and articles of comfort of mankind. The great industrial plants are, for the most part,

merely reworking products which came from the soil. To many

people soil is just "nasty dirt that keeps us brushing and washing to be rid of it,"but to those who wish really to know the marvelous secrets of our world, it offers an almost limitless field for fascinating study.

What are some of the properties of soil which make it so interesting? The plants which are useful in furnishing man with

food and clothing require certain chemical elements for their growth.

There must always be ten distinct elements, and if any one of these is lacking the plants would not grow. No one, for example, has

ever been able to make a single kernel of grain grow to maturity without the presence of nitrogen, calcium, phosphorus, and other necessary elements.

The earth has a diameter of approximately 8,000 miles. At

the outer edge there is a thin a few inches to several feet layer—from

has exactly the right physical and chemical properties for—which

the production of plants, which are essential to man's welfare. The

material deeper in the earth, or that from any other source, which failed to have exactly the constituents of the upper layer of soil on our world would not serve the purpose. It would contain too much

of some elements, and not enough of others, or it might be too heavy or too light to pack just right, or again, it might not contain the proper amount of binding elements for the best welfare of the vegetation.

With the rocks of the right constituency, nature proceeded to pulverize the material just enough to allow the water to dissolve the elements needed by the plants, but not enough so that there would be a needless waste. If the particles were small enough so that water

would dissolve the essential plant foods away, in a few years the land

Aug.. iw818 IMPROVEMENT ERA

would soon become unproductive. Nature sometimes does grind

the rocks too fine for the best welfare of plants, but this is largely counteracted by the tendency which fine particles have to run together. Such fine material is almost invariably coated with gelatinlike substances which tend to group little colonies of particles together to form a larger soil grain and thus provide just the right conditions for the reception of water and air for a good growth of crops.

Plant rootlets as well as the tiny bacteria and fungi which are essential to the welfare of plants must have a proper balance of air and water about them for vigorous growth, and through a nicely balanced condition between the sticky materials and the attraction of particles for each other, and the pull of the water itself, the ideal condition is usually approximated. The various adjusting factors

are continually active, distributing plant food equally throughout the soil, grouping the soil particles correctly, and stimulating the bacteria to activities which produce the foods needed by plants. So

complicated are the actions that the human mind has not as yet been able to fathom more than a portion of the adjustments, but we know that the adjusting is done so nicely that there is almost perfect harmony between soil and plant.

With all of man's boasted knowledge, he could not as yet devise a soil which would better serve plants than has been provided by the Creator. Man would imagine that plant foods in abundance

would be all that is needed, and forget the little items such as air space, neutral chemicals, bacteria, proper foundation material for tall plants, and other factors which are indispensable. Who but an infinitely wise Creator could keep track of the hundreds of fine adjustments that must be made in soils, and still make them all work in

harmony for the welfare of plants, and therefore for the welfare of the master but the Almighty would not have animal—Man? Who

left out just one single element which would forever have doomed all life on our earth?

Vesper Breezes

Vesper breezes, softly sighing, Vesper breezes, gently blowing,

From the grove sweet fragrance bring. Stir the pinetops dark and high,

Sing a dirge while day is dying, While the last faint light is going,

Sadly sweet the songs they sing. Through the trees they sob and sigh.

Rustling leaves join the faint chorus, Supple boughs and branches swinging

Gently sung to fading light. Seem to wave a sad farewell,

Tender strains come floating o'er us, While a parting song they're singing

Dying in the depths of night. Sweeter far than tongue can tell.

Logan. Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON

Joseph The Prophet Remarks by Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the

Twelve, Delivered Before the M. I. A. Conference,

Sunday Evening, June 9, 1929 "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah!

Jesus anointed that prophet and seer;

Blessed to open the last dispensation;

Kings shall extol him and nations revere."

theme is Joseph the Prophet, founder and first President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. AMY great but that is mere platitude, spoken of many man—yes,men. This man was the most wonderful human being that has

walked the earth in two thousand years. He was a light shining

in the darkness, and the darkness comprehended him not.

Great as Seer, Revelator and Prophet, he was also great as a farseeing and philanthropic statesman, a patriot par excellence, a thinker without peer.

Joseph Smith was known for his respect for law, his reverence for authority. The principles of the Gospel, restored through him

to the world, were laws instituted by the eternal Father of All for the uplift of his whole human race; and to him the children—the

fundamental law of all laws was obedience to the divine Lawgiver.

Says this inspired oracle: "There is a law, irrevocably decreed in

heaven before the foundation of this world, upon which all blessings are predicated; and when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by

obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."

According to his teachings, the glorified planets are God's kingdoms; to every kingdom a law has been given; and men and women,

to inherit any one of those kingdoms, must abide the law pertaining thereto, whether it be celestial, terrestrial, or telestial. All will be

judged according to their works, according to the desires of their hearts, and each will receive a just and fitting recompense in one or another of the "many mansions"of the Father.

Joseph Smith was a real and true American, upholding "government of the people, by the people, for the people."When asked

how he managed to govern a community made up of so many different nationalities, with all their varying languages, customs, and traditions, he answered; "I teach them correct principles, and they

govern themselves."

He revered the Constitution and the laws enacted in conformity therewith. The only fault he found with the Government—and

it was persons, not principles, that he when the sworn censured—was

Aug.. 1929 820 IMPROVEMENT ERA

officers of the Government failed to enforce the laws against those who violated them, who trampled upon the rights of lawabiding citizens, persecuted the innocent, robbed them, drove them from their homes, and went unwhipped of justice.

He favored freedom for the slaves of the South, not by a costly and ruinous war and the confiscation or devastation of property, but by the fair and honorable purchase of the slaves from their masters, with funds realized from the sale of public lands; thus making their

freedom a gift from the Government, the greatest and most generous on earth. "A Utopian dream, impracticable,"men said. But the philosopher Emerson did not think so; for he advocated, eleven years

later, the identical, selfsame proposition. Lincoln himself proposed

it, even while the war was raging; but his views were frowned upon

by the shallow minds surrounding politicians who him—pinhead could not rise to his magnanimous level, but with malice in their

hearts, where he had only charity and forgiveness, could think of nothing but revenge and the humiliation of a valiant and vanquished foe.

Emerson and Lincoln were men of another stamp; and so was

Joseph Smith, the peer of sages and of statesmen, the wonderman of all the centuries succeeding the age in which One greater still, One who spake as never man spake, proclaimed the love of God and of fellowmen the supreme, overflowing principle upon which hang all the laws and the prophets.

Many great men there have been, but only one Joseph Smith.

Were he alive and on earth today, who can doubt what his attitude would be upon the grave questions now agitating his and our beloved country? Who can doubt that he would be a staunch supthe very author of the slogan; "We Stand for theporter—nay,

Preservation of our Heritage through Obedience to Law."

The Night

I love the night, the sweeping wings of dark

That fold away the weary scenes of day,

When restless things take breath and seem to hark

For pulse of life and loving worlds away.

I love the quiet crooning of the dusk,

When twilight drains the ruby from the rose.

And every dusty leaf and stalk and husk

Is sprayed with dewy incense and repose.

I love the swinging stars, so far where—not My Maker bides beyond the spangled rim.

'Tis in the night I ponder what you are

O soul of mine that reaches up to Him!

Mesa, Arizona BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

Our New Slogan Abstract of Remarks Made by Assistant Superintendent

Melvin J. Ballard on the New Slogan: "We

Stand for the Preservation of Our Heritage

Through Obedience to Law/'

will no doubt be impressed by the close similarity of thisYOUyear's slogan to that which the Mutual Improvement Associations selected last year. The recent slogan, however, dealt

with three questions: namely, the necessity of law, our standing

shoulder to shoulder with the people who recognize the necessity of law, and our support of the officers who enforce the established law.

Great interest has been awakened through the discussions that have taken place during the past year in this field, and many thousands are now considering daily these very vital problems. The

president of the United his inaugural States—Herbert Hoover—in

address, laid special emphasis upon obedience to law as one of the important things for the American people to consider; and he is

making so earnest an effort to awaken the consciousness of the

American people to the need of selfcontrol in this respect that we have been encouraged to continue our work and again this year lay emphasis upon the necessity of individual obedience to law.

We have connected it up with our heritage. By our heritage

we mean all that has come to us, both of a spiritual and a temporal character, from our forefathers. The clean life they have lived has

transmitted to us bodies undefined and uncontaminated, the moral heritage, the political glorious privileges in this most heritage—our

blessed of all lands. While there are many who have recently

become members of the Church and have not thereby received through inheritance all that has come to those who are of the third, fourth or fifth generation of Latterday Saints, these are adopted children and therefore full heirs to all the blessings and privileges that belong to the members of this great Church.

We recognize that all these sacred blessings, whether they be political, spiritual, physical or moral, have come to us as the result of obedience on the part of our forefathers to those eternal laws established by the Almighty as well as to the laws established by men. The spirit of this age is the spirit of selfindulgence, and

many are fast losing the power of selfcontrol. No civilization can

be preserved by any people who have lost completely the power of selfcontrol. Therefore, recognizing that these glorious things which

have come to us are in danger of destruction through this tendency

Aug.. 1929822 IMPROVEMENT ERA

toward selfindulgence and the violations of those eternal principles upon which these sacred blessings were secured, we feel there is danger that these glorious inheritances may be lost to us unless we preserve them by the same obedience to these laws that our forefathers observed and by which they secured these sacred privileges and blessings.

A great American patriot has said that the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. We cannot for a moment relax in our attention

to those principles through which our sacred privileges were secured and expect or hope that they may be retained by us. Full warning

comes from the wise fathers who laid the foundation of our republic as well as from inspired prophets who wrote upon this American continent. The Book of Mormon prophet saw the day when this

land called "choice above all other lands"should be inhabited by a mighty nation whom God would raise up of the Gentiles; and yet

comes the warning that if this nation of the Gentiles shall forget the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, they cannot preserve themselves as a mighty nation in full possession of the glorious privileges and blessings America offers.

During the establishment of the Federal Constitution, at a time when Congress was about to adjourn in utter confusion, their attempt to establish a government a failure, a wise statesman, Benjamin

Franklin, arose and said: "In the beginning of the conquest with

Great Britain when we were sensible of danger, we had daily prayers in this room for divine protection. Our prayers, sir, were heard

and they were graciously answered. All of us who were engaged in

the struggle must have observed the frequent instances of a superintending providence in our favor. To that kind providence we owe

this happy opportunity of consulting in peace the means of establishing our future national felicity. And have we now forgotten

this powerful friend or do we imagine that we no longer need his assistance? I have lived a long time and the longer I live the more

convincing proofs I see of this God governs the affairs truth—that

of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the gound without his

notice, is it possible that an empire can rise without his aid? We have

been assured, sir, in the sacred writings that except the Lord builds a house they labor in vain who build it. I firmly believe this and

I also believe that without this conferring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better than the builders of Babel."

He then proposed that Congress adjourn for three days and in humility seek the Lord for guidance, and when they returned that they should begin each assembly with a petition to the Almighty.

George Washington arose with a smile upon his face and seconded that motion. When Congress reassembled they did seek divine

guidance and in the brief period of a few weeks produced the greatest

Aug., 1929 OUR NEW SLOGAN 823

political document that has ever been formed by men. The Lord

Almighty was in it, as is clearly indicated in his revelation to the

Prophet Joseph Smith, wherein he said that he raised up inspired men who produced this Constitution.

At a critical period in this government's history, the wise statesman, Daniel Webster, said: "If we abide by the principles

taught in the Bible our country will go out prospering and to prosper, but if we and our posterity neglect this instruction and authority no man can tell how soon some great catastrophe may overwhelm us and bury all our glory in profound obscurity."In his farewell

address, President George Washington said: "Let it simply be asked

where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of religious obligation deserts the oaths of office, which are the instruments of investigation in the courts of justice. And let

us with caution indulge in the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Whatever may be conceded to the

influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principles."

So these fathers knew well that this government was brought forth by the aid of the Almighty. Upon their coin they placed the

words: "In God We Trust."Many thought that the American

Government was an experiment. Other nations felt that it was

impossible for this nation to go forward without a king.

Our answer to the European countries and their criticism is breathed in the song we often hear, "America,"particularly in the last verse, wherein is expressed the sentiment of these great fathers.

It is a prayer as well as a declaration: "Our fathers'God, to Thee,

Author of liberty, To Thee we sing: Long may our land be bright

with freedom's holy light: Protec.t us by Thy might, Great God,

our King."Here was the answer. America does have a king and

the God of Heaven is that king. When troublesome days came to

the republic established by the patriotic fathers and internal strife was tearing it asunder, President Lincoln issued a proclamation on the 30th day of March, 1863. Among other things he said: "We

have been the recipients of the choicest bounties of heaven, we have been preserved these many years in peace and prosperity. We have

grown in numbers, wealth and power as no other nation has ever grown, but we have forgotten God. We have forgotten the gracious

hand which preserved us in peace and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us, and we have vainly imagined in the deceitfulness of our hearts that all these blessings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken success,

we have become too selfsufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us."

Aug.. 1929824 IMPROVEMENT ERA

So come the warnings from prophets and statesmen, that if

America is to preserve her sacred heritage, her political independence, she must continue to obey the laws of the Almighty as well as the laws of this nation. Great are the sacred heritages that have come

to us, as the descendants of those men to whom God spoke in this last age and upon whom he conferred the Holy Priesthood in connection with the restoration of the Gospel. And the future is

clearly indicated in what those sacred privileges will bring.

Among other things I desire to call attention to the following from the 86th section of the Doctrine and Covenants, verses 8-11:

"Therefore, thus saith the Lord unto you, with whom the

Priesthood hath continued through the lineage of your fathers "For ye are lawful heirs, according to the flesh, and have been hid from the world with Christ in God "Therefore your life and the Priesthood have remained, and must needs remain through you and your lineage until the restoration of all things spoken by the mouths of all the holy prophets since the world began.

"Therefore, blessed are ye if ye continue in my goodness, a light unto the Gentiles, and through this Priesthood, a savior unto my people Israel. The Lord hath said it."

A little more than a year ago in this building an eminent lecturer, one of America's foremost philosophers, discussing the question, "Can the present civilization endure?"called attention to the

fact that the civilizations of the past arose to heights and then perished. He asked the question? "Where might the world not

have been if, instead of building and destroying, we had gone on from the days of Babylon until this present time?"And further: "Has

the day dawned or will it ever come when a civilization will be established that will endure forever?"My soul thrilled at that

question because the answer came clear. It was in the promise of

the prophet Daniel, who saw the rise and fall of empires and then saw a day when the God of Heaven would establish a kingdom that should never fail. That day has dawned.

You will read in section 103, of the book of Doctrine and

Covenants, the Lord's declaration that he has decreed that his people, inasmuch as they hearken to all the words which he, the Lord, their

God, shall speak unto them, shall never cease to prevail until the kingdoms of this world are subdued under his feet and the earth is given unto the Saints to possess it forever and ever.

Yes, the day has dawned when a kingdom is being established.

It is spiritual, to be linked up with that political kingdom that God raised up, the United States of America, that shall be an ensign to all nations, and it is our holy privilege to preserve these things for the redemption and salvation of men politically and spiritually. Let us

Aug.. 1929 OUR NEW SLOGAN 825

not abandon our standards, but, in the selfdiscipline that we may exercise, keep ourselves true to the faith and preserve for ourselves and the generations that are to come the sacred privileges that are ours, and not many generations shall pass away until we shall produce the greatest race of men and women that has ever lived.

Men shall come from the ends of the earth to learn of this people and their ways.

God help us to preserve this heritage for us and our children, is my wish and prayer.

Our EarthEarned Heaven

Man, make your life a peaceful heaven bright,

Be optimistic, cheerful. See the earth

As God would you should see it from your birth.

Don't let the world to you be darkest night.

In every phase of life acknowledge God,

Unfathomed though at times some things appear.

All negatives will then pass to the rear,

And lighter far will be your daily load.

What would our lives be if 'twere always spring?

Monotonous 'twould be in very deed.

The flowers like a garden; full of weeds,

And birds'sweet tones would have no cheerful ring.

Were opposite existences not here,

And man knew naught but sweet felicity,

Kind nature's smiles a mockery would be

And heaven would turn dark in one short year.

By drinking to the dregs from sorrow's bowl,

Appreciate we then a happy boon.

Dark midnight makes the sun more bright at noon;

Deep tribulation sure expands the soul.

'Tis sorrow builds our shining steeple tower;

Its golden steps made from our saddest pain.

The sting of sorrow comes, 'twill come again,

As long as we refuse its sweetened bower.

The greatest soul to reach the heaven above

Will pass a life of trouble, grief and pain.

Triumphant o'er it all at last he'll reign,

Appreciating earth's made heaven of love.

Los Angeles. Calif. O. F. URSENBACH

Adults and Leisure Time Abstract of Remarks Made in Convention, Saturday

Morning, June 8, 1929, By Dr. Jos. F. Merrill,

Church Commissioner of Education

adults have leisure off from necessary gainful time—time

occupations in which they are free to do the things theyDO really like to do? Certainly, answers the Adult Committee

of the two M. I. A. boards. Everyone can find leisure hours, particularly if one's time is budgeted, a thing that business efficiency

requires shall be done if waste is to be avoided and the most accomplished. And modern conditions are continually providing more

and more "leisure time."How shall the Mutuals help adults to use

this time in order that they may have "a more abundant life"a fuller, richer, and happier life?

The answer is, by providing a program that will furnish opportunity for the selfexpression of each individual along the lines of his interests that will contribute to his growth and satisfaction. The "wholesome use of leisure time"means much more

than being engaged only in amusements or activities for the fun or relaxation found therein. Continual growth is the objective, to

reach which work and play are both necessary.

But play carries with it the idea of youth. Growth also involves the idea of being young. But to please God we must always

be growing. And the natural law activity—selfexpression—is

of growth, the thing upon which growth depends. Hence the

M. I. A. program for the Adult Department, like the program for

other departments, is essentially an activity program, made up of those activities needful to keep adults process that should growing—a

never stop no matter how many years the individual may carry. An

interesting research recently made showed, contrary to popular belief, that people of fifty can learn very nearly as fast as people twenty years of age. One never gets too old to learn. And it is not in

God's program that one should stop learning. Hence, the M. I. A.

appeals to all, "old"and young, the mature and the youthful. It

provides the opportunity for work, play, study and recreation, a variety of forms of selfexpression in mental, spiritual, and physical fields. Active participation in its programs will contribute effectively

to the "abundant life,"the living of which will fulfill the purpose of life and bring us nearest to God.

Dishonest America Winning M-Men's Address, Delivered by Melvin Hyde

Ridges at the M. I. A. Conference, Sunday,

June 9, 1929 AWELL-G ROOMED American was playing at solitaire. After a few

moments it seemed that he was stuck, beaten by the cards. He

hesitated, glanced about the room as though fearing detection, then, slipping a card from under one of the piles, he played it on the board. He won the

game. "Rather a measly form of cheating,"I thought.

It called to mind a remark made by a German professor who had been traveling in this country for some months. He

said, "American Democracy cannot survive. The people do

not do what they believe. They

are not honest."Such a remark

Mf.lvin Hyde Ridges from one so well educated surprised me, but was dismissed from mind almost immediately.

Last summer, on a local green, we discovered a lone gentleman playing golf. His ball was evidently ditched behind a sand bank.

He swung viciously. The sand sprayed. Again he swung with

the same result. Then, a bit sheepishly it seemed, he stooped,

caught the ball, tossed it about fifty feet and recorded a score.

The incident reminded me of our friend the solitaire player, and the German scholar who said, "Americans are not honest,"and it hurt.

But if we only cheated ourselves at solo golf and solitaire the

German would never have made this remark. If we only cheated

when alone, he would not have seen dishonesty cropping out in every phase of our national life. But he saw that the city of Chicago

had more crime than the whole British nation. He had heard that

a member of the Presidential Cabinet accepted bribes. He saw

senators, governors, mayors and captains of industry throughout the

Aug.. \9i9828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Had he looked a bit closer he might have seen theland,—cheating.

dog catchers.

He saw it in our politics. He saw it in our social life. He

knew there were Americans who voted for prohibition who would not refrain from drink, and so he said, "Americans do not do what they believe. American Democracy cannot survive."He knew

that no nation could maintain a desirable civilization unless the people practice selfcontrol. That is why he said, "American

Democracy cannot survive."

This germ which we see at work on the green and in the drawing room has infected our business, as we may see by the petty squibs we tell in our advertisements. A certain cigarette, we are told, will

make us athletic, healthy, trim, and handsome. A given brand of

chewing gum will cleanse our teeth, remedy our digestive ailments, and even lengthen the span of our lives.

On the strength of a newspaper advertisement a woman recently purchased some reducing pills. They worked wonders. Astounded

at her marvelous loss of weight, she had the pills examined. They

were nothing more than sugarcoated tapeworm heads, which grew within her body to malignant parasites to sap her vitality and eventually take her life. Yet someone thought this was good

business.

Who has never purchased an allwool suit to find that there was not a wisp of wool in it? Who has never seen ten gallons of gas

poured into a ninegallon tank? Who ihas never paid the price of

potatoes for the grocer's hand that weighed them? These are tendencies which are becoming altogether too common in our business

today.

Our politics, our social life, and our business are all infected.

Shall we call it a moral epidemic?

We justly look to the college for hope. There we build our

dreams of tomorrow. There we are moulding leaders who are both

trained and capable.

But if you walk into the examination room of any average

American university, you may see students stealing forbidden glances at concealed notebooks. Some will be turning pages with their feet,

while from the sleeves of others cards are slipped out and in, which give clandestine assistance to the reader. If you happen into the

examination room where a truefalse test is being given, you will hear mysteriously muffled taps, coughs and scuffles which tell the students whether to answer "yes"or "no."

I have seen students sell each other wellmarked laboratory manuals and notebooks which are guaranteed to give satisfaction.

There are in existence boarding houses where ponies to certain

Aug., 1929 DISHONEST AMERICA 829

courses are systematically filed. Above all, a fellow in a certain department of a Western university actually sold keys to an examination, the papers of which he himself corrected.

If we expect clever leaders tomorrow we shall have them. I

see coming from these class rooms tomorrow's presidents, senators and teachers. These astute students of today will enforce tomorrow's prohibition laws. They will grant our oil leases. They

will teach our children.

This germ which has infected our society, corrupted our politics, and dishonored our schools baffles both the wit and the will of science. No microscope can find it nor measure compass it.

Athletic and intelligent policemen and restrictive laws alike are powerless to cope with it. What shall we do?

Will the America that routed the hookworm and banished malaria bow to such a plague? The America that wove a few

thousand miles of rails and telegraph wires and a mere few millions of people into.a nation, are her dreams to be wasted now? How

will the America that made popular education a fact solve this problem?

I know of only one time in history when this question has been adequately answered. That was in a crimeriddled China, twentyfour hundred years ago. A man by the name of Confucius was

made governor of an important city. He made so marvelous a

change in the manners and morals of the people that he was appointed minister of justice. After a short while, historians tell us,

there was no need to put the penal laws into action in his province, as there were no criminals to be found.

If we were to ask this sagacious Chinaman how to solve the problem of dishonesty in our country today, he would say, "If you desire an honest nation, you must first rectify your state; before you

rectify your state, you must clean up your city; before you cleanse

your city, you must have an honest family, and you cannot have an honest family unless you think true thoughts and put them into action unfailingly yourself."

Clearly, then, our problem is one of individual will. What

America needs to do is to put to work again the will that turned the greatest offensive of all time into a frantic retreat at Cantigny,

Belleau Wood, and the Argonne Forest. That will that flung

our navies across the seas to say, "La Fayette, we are here,"must help us in this crisis.

That will which pushed the handcarts across the plains; the

will that drove the iron horse through the mountains; that will that

made of thirteen squabbling colonies the greatest nation the world has ever seen cannot, it must not, fail us now,

The Mutual and the Adolescent By E. Cecil McGavin

of the most serious questions confronting the presentONEgeneration is the alarming increase of juvenile crime. In

recent weeks the American press has been kept busy recording the ignoble deeds of our young citizens. Never before have the

youth of this country attracted such widespread attention and proscription. From every direction comes the cry that our home

life is decadent and that the moral ruin of the race is imminent.

Reformers are agreed that the only panacea for this evil is a;

reconstruction of our home life. Parental supervision has relaxed

and the children, during the most important period of their life, are neglected and drift into sin.

Surveys made by Elwood and other leading sociologists show of the inmates in reformatory and penal institutionsthat about 75 % come from abnormal homes, where divorce or death have augmented the forces of disintegration. In these abnormal homes the religious

development of the children has been neglected in almost every case.

This is a neglect of the most vital factor in the development of character. This condition, however, is prevalent even among the

socalled normal homes and partly accounts for the increasing crime wave among the American youth.

It is estimated that of 32,000,000 children in the public schools of the United States in 1925, 27,000,000, or 65 % of them, under twentyfive years of age, are not enrolled in any Sunday School and do not receive any systematic religious instruction. Thirteen

million of these neglected children are under fifteen years of age.

This deplorable condition is productive of juvenile delinquency more than any other single factor.

One is almost safe in saying that at this period of life, from 14 to 20 years of age, children must be given religious training else they perish. To the human being no period in life is so full,

of import as the years between 14 and 20. When this period begins

the person is but a child, with childish thoughts and ambitions.

When the era ends he has become a man with the greatest decisions of life already made, with the destiny of his life practically settled.

New sensations are at hand. The boy seeks the admiration of

his fellows and is likely to form habits to gain their applause. This

is the period of life when the demon tobacco will, if possible, fasten his fetters upon the boy and blind him to all things noble.

Character develops as fast as cells multiply, hence the moral

Aug.. 1929 THE MUTUAL AND THE ADOLESCENT 831

surroundings must be carefully guarded. This is the storm and

stress period when life's moral fiber is being formed.

The transformation of chrysalis into butterfly is no more wonderful than the change in the properly directed youth. As the

spring sunshine bursts the uncomely bud, adorning it with fragrance and beauty, so nature unfolds within the growing youth those latent qualities which develop into manhood and womanhood.

At this same age the desire to form "gangs"and evade the home influence is very strong, but parallel with it is the religious awakening or instinct which must be adequately supplied to insure normal development. Statistics carefully compiled by Geo. A. Coe, comprising 1,784 cases from all groups of people, denote that the

average age of conversion was 16.4 years. G. Stanley Hall studied

over 4,000 cases and concluded that the average age of conversion was about 16 years of age.

It has been ascertained by numerous investigators, including our modern psychologists, that the average age for highest religious interest is from 12 to 15 years of age.

Joseph Smith was a perfectly normal child and as these sensations arose within him he sought to satisfy them. He was not

yet 15 years old when his religious interest drove him to the grove to pray.

At 16 years of age the physical and psychical ferment of adolescence is at its height. More people in the Christian churches

of the United States join the church at 1 6 years than at any other age.

This religious enthusiasm is merely one of the phenomenal changes common to adolescence.

It is no exaggeration to say that the adolescent period is the most important era in the life of an individual. He must be

sacredly guided over this perilous part of the journey of life or the teeming energy within will drive the youth into the broad way of sin.

At this age the youth stands at the threshold of futurity. The

two paths lie before him, the terminals of which he cannot see.

It is at this point he makes the supreme decision of life. Where

guidance is lacking he is lured by the wellbeaten path which leads to regret and despair.

At this same age he is very sensitive to impressions which will enable him to build a character that the storms of time cannot undermine.

The Y. M. C. A. recently made an extensive survey over the

United States and Canada. In almost every case the one special

choice which turned the life of the person upward instead of downward was made between the ages 14 and 20.

Investigation has proved that more people take to criminal

Ac*.. 1929B32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

acts at the age of 20 or under than at any or all periods of theitl life combined.

In 1897, the average age for entering prison in the United

States was 23 years. In 1924, the average was 21 years.

According to the October report of the Prison Commissioner of New York state, in one jail in New York City during the last five years there have been 12,342 males and 1,346 female prisoners between 16 and 24 years of age confined within its walls.

The midwestern state Indiana is considered a fair average for the entire United States. In that state over a period of ten years'

the average age of conviction, in the six chief classes of serious crimes, was dropped from 31 years in 1915 to 24 years in 1925. Of 6,000

persons arrested in Boston during 1924, 80% of them were minors.

A similar study in Omaha reveals the fact that of over 8,000 criminal benefit of religiouscases investigated, less than 3% of them had the education.

Not long ago a prominent attorney in St. Louis declared that

"80% of the criminals coming before the bar are under 30 years of age and most of them are between 16 and 25 years of age."

These young people are not in the feebleminded class, driven by a demented brain, as some people have argued. The inmates of

the prisons of the United States are on a par with the mental equipment of the American Expeditionary Force. In other words, about

average. They are intelligent, ambitious youths whose energies

have been misdirected and whose life has been ruined because no guide posts were accessible as they approached the point where the road point where there is "a highway and a lowdivides—that

way,"one of which must be taken.

The above cases are taken as typical of the condition existing throughout the United States. Similar cases might be multiplied

indefinitely. The following should convince all of the seriousness of

this problem in our own vicinity: During one week, a few years

ago, ten men were brought before the bar of the Federal Judge in

Salt Lake City. They were found guilty of the most heinous crimes,

second only to murder. But more appalling than the gravity of

the offense was the fact that eight of the guilty were minors.

The public attention has been called to this issue as never before.

Reformers everywhere are suggesting a solution for the evil. President Hoover sees beyond the shameful facts and proposes reform

which strikes at the very causes of this terrible condition. Before

a convention of the Y. W. C. A. held recently, the president said.

"The present day need of the American youth is more home control through parental action. There are too many indications that the

functions of parenthood are breaking down. Too many people are

neglecting the wellbeing of their children, shifting the responsibility

Aug., 1929 THE MUTUAL AND THE ADOLESCENT 833

for their actions and turning over supervision of their control and discipline to the juvenile courts. A very large proportion of the

outcasts and criminals come from the ranks of those who lost the advantage of normal parental control in their youth."

A prominent social worker gives the following solution:

"Home earlier in the evenings, more of the fireside frank discussions, and close companionship with the family, is the only salvation for posterity."

While the world stands aghast, searching for remedies, the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints continues its efforts to find successful methods of insuring a proper development of youth through religious training.

All of the organizations of the Church contribute to this superb characterbuilding, but foremost of all is the Mutual, because of the direct appeal it makes to our youth. The Mutual extends the

hand of fellowship to him just as he enters the most perilous period of life. Before he is lured into the "lowway"of life, this organization is placing before him true standards which he can hardly resist.

Most adolescents attend sacrament meetings and other religious gatherings reluctantly, but the Mutual has so much to offer that even the careless will usually attend.

During this period they desire to associate with the opposite sex. This social aspect, then, is one of the attractions of the Mutual.

It not only affords an opportunity of association, but above all else, it emphatically teaches the moral code.

The M. I. A. has a stimulating appeal to the adolescent. It

speaks in terms that he understands and to which he can freely respond with all his faculties. There the youth is fired with a

zeal to achieve noble aims, to guard his thoughts and habits and be submissive to parental discipline.

The Mutual recognizes the physical and mental changes characteristic of puberty and has developed a comprehensive system adequately to supply his new desires and direct the teeming energy of his fastdeveloping body. The individuality of each person is

recognized and developed. The dormant talents of the shy, awkward youth are improved by the many wholesome activities in

which he is encouraged to participate. No matter what his talents

are the broad range of expression is sure to find and make use of;

them. For this purpose the following activities are featured: Reading, dramatics, public speaking, singing and instrumental work.

organization adds to this list all wholesome formsThe M Men's of physical development. Thus his leisure time is occupied with

the best of activity and his energy is spent in healthful recreation.

His time is so well occupied with Mutual work that evil desires find no lodgment in his active mind. He realizes that "the idle brain/

Aug., 1929834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is the devil's workshop,"and that through purity of life he is guided by heavenly inspiration.

Among the best remedial prescriptions for the improvement of the young generation is the one quoted above, "Home earlier in the evenings, more of the fireside frank discussions and closer companionship with the family is the only salvation for posterity.'

This same point of view was in the minds of the leaders of the

Church when the Weekly Home Evening was instituted to allow all members of the family to partake of the "fireside frank discussions."This occasion affords the parents a good opportunity to

discuss confidentially the problems of the rapidly changing youth and impress upon them the advantages of good friends and books.

The parent is not left to his own resources in the selection of appropriate books for that particular age. The Mutual, in its wisdom,

has instituted reading courses which supply the public with the most wholesome and invigorating books on the market. During the

adolescent years a good book is a powerful character builder.

Moreover, the bond of sacred companionship between parent and child has been strengthened by the Fathers and Sons'Outing, and the Mothers and Daughters'Outing. On such excursions into

the beauties of Nature, the parent becomes better acquainted with his child, and in the sylvan depths of "God's first Temple,"can impress upon his responsive soul his responsibility to God and to his fellowmen. As the philosopher Kant was "filled with awe by

the starry heavens,"so, too, under the same scintillating canopy the vibrating strings of the human heart are in tune with the voice

Divine. Of equal value in character training is the practical instructions of the BeeHive and Camp Fire Girls organizations.

The M. I. A. occupies a most enviable and strategic position

for adolescent guidance. The creditable achievements of its eventful

years of existence bespeak its divinity in terms which even our unbelieving world must recognize.

If all the youth of America were members of the Mutual the problem before the states would be the enlargement of institutions of learning, not the present problem of establishing more institutions of reform.

The Mutual does not take the responsibility from the home, but supplements it, and constantly reminds the parents of their obligation as made known by the voice of revelation:

"Inasmuch as parents have children in Zion, or any of her stakes which are organized, and that teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ, the Son of the living God> and of baptism and the Gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents.

THE MUTUAL AND THE ADOLESCENT 835

"And they shall also teach their children to pray and walk uprightly before the Lord."

This is the secret of the unequaled success of the Church ofi

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in the training of their youth.

One of the greatest agencies engaged in character building is the*

Mutual.

Scout Director Oscar A. Kirkham expressed the thoughts of

thousands of conscientious Mutual workers when he recently declared, "It found me. It blessed me. It gave me opportunity for

my best work and has graciously rewarded me with my greatest joys."

SelfStarter Wanted—A

He came at 8 p. m., and said

He couldn't stay a minute.

At first he wouldn't take a chair,

At last he settled in it.

He talked until the clock proclaimed

It was eleventwenty, He rose, with hat in hand, remarked, "Well, I have stayed a-plenty."

I thought by that he soon would go,

But there he kept me standing,

Expatiating on his views, His theories expanding.

I gave the most polite replies

Which made him more loquacious,

And finally said not a word, But inwardly, good gracious!

I napped at intervals, but woke

To murmur, "please excuse me,"

But till the clock struck one, this man

Continued to abuse me.

Selfstarters grace the motor cars,

Let us begin a movement To have long callers fitted out

With this unique improvement.

Elsie Paul Indians Then and Now. The White Man in Upper Picture is William f. Hansen

The and Today Indians—Yesterday

By Glen Perrins

HI * ''—the66TOT war whoops of yesterday have changed; they are of an entirely different nature. Today

the Indians are peaceful. Their war cries have died out,

and in their place have come the sweet, peaceful talk of civilization.

Of course, at Spalding, Idaho, and in parts of Utah when weird ceremonies of the medicine and bear dances are carried on day and night because of tribal tradition, one hears the chants of the Redskins and sees them bedecked in their most elaborate finery of the warparade days. But in the main, the Indian warrior resembles his white

brother.

In Utah former warriors are making splendid progress at farming. They are intelligent tillers of the soil and are developing into

valuable citizens on the reservations. For example: The Uintah and

Ouray Indian reservation lies in northeastern Utah, in what is commonly known as the Uintah Basin. The headquarters for the administration of affairs of the Indians are located at Fort Duchesne,

Utah, an abandoned military post.

This reservation consists of approximately 325,000 acres of the choicest lands of this acres of these lands are delocality—55,000

veloped and have a firstclass water right therefor. The government has provided an elaborate irrigation system for the reservation

acres of these lands have not as yet been developed.lands,—20,000

There is sufficient water for this extensive tract, and the development thereof will be taken care of in the future. Over 250,000 acres have

been reserved for grazing purposes, and they include some of the best grazing lands in the Uintah mountains and the foothills nearby.

There are 1,178 Indians on this Utes consistreservation—the

ing of three distinct bands: Uintahs, Whiterivers and Uncompahgres. These bands intermarry to quite a large extent.

The principal activities of the Indians are farming and the growing of livestock. These Indians farm about 15,000 acres of

land and raise some splendid crops, of which the alfalfa seed and clover seed, hay, wheat, oats and corn are the principal ones. These

are prize winners at fairs and other exhibitions in which white men participate.

Fruits of all kinds do well on the Uintah and Ouray Indian reservation, the temperate zone furnishing an excellent climate. Excellent peaches, apples, etc., are grown.

Poultry, honeyproduction and dairying are among the prinAug., 1929838 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cipal industries. Most of the Indians are trying hard to make good in

their farming work and are succeeding very well. The project farmers who work with the Indians and teach them how to do things,

say the superintendents, are performing a great service. In our competition between chapters it is not the prizes that interest us so much

as it is the feeling of accomplishment and the educational value.

The Indian is wise.

The former warriors see the advantages of becoming good farmers. They are well behaved and quiet in their dealings with the

white people and are working out their own problems with the greatest success.

Another example of the complete change in the Indians of today over yesterday: The Washakie Indians who warwhooped

around the log cabins of the Utah Pioneers in the northern part of the state are now singing hymns and going to Latterday Saint meetings. Their war chants are now Church songs. The Redskins come

humbly with the white brothers to worship the same God.

Evidence of this change was apparent in Salt Lake City at a recent conference when the Indians participated in the session program. Descendants of the Shoshone warriors journeyed to Salt Lake

from Washakie, Malad Valley, Utah, where they have a ward of their own and worship as typical "Mormons."These darkskinned

people represented the Washakie ward, which has a membership of more than 100 Indians. The natives themselves conduct the auxiliary organizations and activities.

Services in the Washakie ward are conducted in the Shoshone tongue. The scriptures are studied from the English and translated

by the educated members of the tribe.

The tepees of the longhaired Nez Perce Indians, attending the traditional tribal medicine dance of the unconverted Redskins, are quite different from the frame whiteman-like homes of most of the

Indians in the Washakie ward, Box Elder county, Utah. The new

houses are homes. They are erected by the Indians on the rich grazing

lands of this country.

Incidentally, as yet only three per cent of Utah and but four per cent of Idaho territory is under cultivation. That leaves a considerable space of unfenced territory in these two states alone in which

the Indian might hunt and homestead. There is plenty of room in

this country for the Redskins.

Indians as They Appeared—Yesterday and Today

appearance of the Indians of yesterday What a contrast!—The

and those of today is shown in the foregoing pictures, one of William F. Hanson and some of his Ute friends (Quinance, famous

Aug.. 1929 THE INDIANS—YESTERDAY AND TODAY 839

singer of the Utes at their ceremonials, is upon Mr. Hanson's left) in

their tribal costumes. The bottom picture is of the Washakie

Sunday school group. The party includes Moroni Timbimboo,

superintendent of the Washakie school, and his wife, his daughters,

Joanna and Hazel Timbimboo, and baby; John Pabawena, wife and

papoose; James M. Pabawena and wife and Mose Neaman, snapped

on the "Mormon"temple grounds. Note the modern appearance

and dress of the Indians.

Lift up the Voice""

Lift up the voice, 'tis God's command,

Speak forth both long and loud,

For all the ev'ry land world—yea,

The meek as well as proud Must hear the Gospel message sent

Once more to sons of men;

Of ev'ry sin they must repent And turn to God again.

In ages past the Gospel pure Was taught by Christ, the Lord.

But men his truth could not endure,

And strayed far from his word.

They e'en forgot the form of God,

And made him some great myth, But light and truth have gone abroad,

Revealed by Joseph Smith.

In his own image God made man And placed him on the earth, To bring to pass his mighty plan

And save all souls of worth.

Then lift aloud the warning voice,

Fear not, though hosts combine,

And e'en in sorrow you'll rejoice

The mandate is divine.

David R. Lyon

*Doc. and Cov. 34:6.

Trail Ahead of the "Mormons"On the

By Carter E. Grant

[Note: This is the second article of a series of frontier stories, the first

appearing in the July number.]

The wail of the Red Chiefs against the Whites:

"The Great Spirit made all peoples, white and red,

And pitched one big blue tepee over head

That men might live as brothers side by side.

Behold! Is not our country very wide,

With room enough for all! And there were some

Who answered scornfully: 'Not so they come;

Their medicine is strong, their hearts are bad;

A little part of what our fathers had.

They give us now; tomorrow come and take!'

"Song of the Indian Wars."—Neihardt,

When the wounded Jedediah S. happy except when creative; and yarnSmith reached Fort Henry, after being ing, as these men understood it, was,

carried more than a hundred miles at its best, certainly more than a over long and difficult trails from his memory exercise! The craving for

sick bed on the Powder river, the sensation during these shutin days north wind gave promise of cold and nights, together with the keen weather. Already the HenryAshley spirit of rivalry that grew up among

trappers, over a hundred in number, the story tellers, often spurred them stepped lively, endeavoring to keep on to splendid mendacities."And the

pace with the hurrying season. While mystical wonders far to the southwest

some of the men anxiously labored at among the Rockies, of the strange the fort, others were following the cities and peoples, lakes and rivers yet streams on the fall beaver hunt. Here unseen, these men narrated in fabulous

in the wilderness, southeast from what tales, declaring, as a source of their is now the Yellowstone Park, gathered information, that it had been told also the friendly Crow nation, bringthem by a captive from a strange Ining chief, buck, squaw, darkeyed dian tribe or some foreign trader they maidens and children, all anxious for had chanced to meet.

the white man's presents, coming also And thus were the men's appetites to do some trading on their own acwhetted, waiting only for the winter count in horses, dried berries and pelts. to break; believing themselves speWe are given a glimpse of the cially chosen to penetrate the vast

hunter's winter pastime in Neihardt's unknown, for truly no person knew

Splendid Wayfaring. its contents. The old maps showed

"The new year of 1824 arrived in all the rivers, sighted by vessels off the midst of tremendous blizzards, and the Pacific coast, as running eastward for weeks the trappers had nothing to many hundred miles to the mountains do but to eat, sleep, sing, clog to a immediately west of where they now voyageur's fiddling, and swap yarns. wintered. Two years later, 1825,

The latter occupation offered the best when General Ashley fell upon the avenue of escape from tedium; for man headwaters of the Weber river, he

is so constituted that he is never really records in his journal that this day he

Aug.. 1929 ON THE TRAIL 841

found a river running more directly first to face the returning sun. Ever

to the Pacific than the Green river, they moved with their faces toward and had he not promised to meet his the Sweetwater and the pass of which men at the summer rendezvous on the the Crows had informed them. The

Green he would have built a boat canyons at the upper reaches of the and descended to the Pacific. He Big Horn proved rough and extremely

knew nothing then of the Great Salt difficult. Then, too, the snow grew

Lake, into which his little river deeper, the feed less and the animals emptied. So these men at Fort Henry, weaker. Following a council, Jed

especially Smith and Fitzpatrick, waitagain volunteered to superintend the ed anxiously. tedious job of dropping behind with

At the first signs of spring, showing six of the men and a group of the themselves along the sunny side of most jaded horses, working rather windswept hills and ridges, activities slowly towards the Sweetwater, and at the fort began. Jed Smith and the much coveted white space, leading

Fitzpatrick, with twenty men and into the heart of the unknown, and many pack animals, moving through then meeting Fitzpatrick after the anithe snow up the Big Horn, were the mals could travel.

A Grotesque World As the foremost explorers moved wagons. (This was the exact trail

onward, they soon found themselves used by the Pioneers.) Sometimes the

in a "confusion of hills and cliffs of valley spread to the width of three or red sandstone, some peaked and angufour miles, sometimes it narrowed to lar, some round, some broken into a few rods, but always the way was crags and precipices, and piled up in fairly easy; and the rise of the land

fantastic masses but naked and sterile."toward the divide was scarcely per-

(Irving in his Captain Bonneville). ceptible, save that the air grew colder

Emerging from this "grotesque world"and the snow deeper as we proceeded.

and traveling as rapidly as possible That night the air was like frosty through a broken sagebrush country steel and the stars like broken glass."

where the banks of the creeks were The great prairies of bison pastures, often crusted white with alkaline delying between the Missouri and the posits, they, like the "Mormon"pioRockies, stretched far off to the eastneers, twentythree years later, came ward; the trappers now were at the

at last, with animals starved and very threshold of the mighty mounfagged, to a clear sparkling stream tain vastness. Neihardt in dramatic

flowing eastward to the Platte. It style puts it, "Breaking camp in the

was the Sweetwater.* white of dawn, they pushed on again:

According to W, A. Ferris, the pure and more and more as they went, their

stream now before the trappers was horses floundered in the crusted snow.

originally known by its French name, The Sweetwater dwindled to a little "Eau Sucree, or sugar water,"so creek, voiceless in the grip of winter named because a packmule, laden that lingered there, and the noon was with sugar, had been lost in the river. like a midwinter noon. They toiled

From the narrative we read: "Seton over a highrolling prairie, the

ting up the valley of the Sweetwater, ponies frostmuzzled and frostywe traveled all day over a natural flanked, the men's beards whitened road, no portion of which would have with their breath. By and by the

offered any serious obstacle to loaded Sweetwater had disappeared. For

Referring to the hardships over these badlands met by the Pioneers, see the authpr's story, "Robbed by the Wolves,"Relief Society Magazine, July, 1928.

Aug.. 1929842 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sometime the band toiled on silently, shout that arose from the band died save for the blowing of the horses and without an echo in that vastness, and the crunching of the crusted snow. the sympathetic neighing of the horses

Then someone cried: 'Look! Look!'was a feeble sound. Now as they

"Long vista of a vast undulating floundered on they noted that the air plain had opened out ahead, and here grew somewhat warmer, despite the and there in the distance lofty buttes waning of the afternoon. Signs of

fsome flattopped like islands deserted noonday melting began to appear.

by the sea, some carved by the wind Shortly before sundown, they came and rain into towers and domes) upon a living spring, where they went seemed staring around them at the into camp and spent a cheerless night, immense scope and loneliness of the for there was no wood in the vicinity surrounding world. It was the prombut the windswept spaces about the

ised land of the Siskadee Agi (Sagespring furnished some scant grazing hen river), and already they were on for the horses, which was the matter the western slope of the divide. The of chief importance."

On the Oregon Trail Little wonder the bosoms of Fitzshallow graves in the snow, while patrick, Provot, James Bridger and the scores of others with frozen limbs sufrest of the party swelled with pride! fered untold agonies, and many an

"They had become the first white men amputation of fingers, hands or feet of all the thousands upon thousands became necessary.

that should pass that way when the Space will not allow a complete

Oregon and California Trail should narration of Fitzpatrick's varied exbecome like a great river of homeseek- periences on the "Siskadee Agi,"or his ing humanity."(See Splendid Wayunique system of securing exceptional

faring, Neihardt, p. 145, and his catches of beaver; of the thieving red

notes.) Dr. Hurbert E. Bolton, recmen and the white man's complete

ognized as one of America's foremost loss of horses; of fourteen trappers'

western history scholars, head of the attack on the Indians and the prize history department of the University secured besides their own horses; we

of California, quotes Neihardt, stating can only add, that, to a Westerner, it that Fitzpatrick, and not Provot or forms a gripping chapter of frontier

Jim Bridger, was the discoverer of life. (See Splendid Wayfaring, NeiSouth Pass.* hardt.)

It was up the Sweetwater and toJed's horses, after these many days ward this same divide and the snowof rest, were now packed and on the filled mountains, that the "Mormon"trail up the Sweetwater; soon a cloud

handcart companies, thirtytwo years of dust many miles ahead announced to the anxious trappers the approach later were plodding, when their first of friends or foes, and in this case it calamities overtook them. For days a

proved a friend indeed. Fitzpatrick

terrible Rocky Mountain blizzard was returning across the divide with roared through the country, covering one of the most phenomenal catches the unsheltered men, women, and chilof beaver ever recorded in the annals dren with eighteen inches of snow, of the West. Being so early in the

and, with the weather at zero, more year, too, the furs were of the choicest than two hundred emigrants found sort, showing richer colors and finer

*In a book recently copyrighted by the California Historical Society. 1928. by James Clyman,

American frontiersman. 17921881. it is claimed that Jedediah S. Smith, himself, led the explorers

through South Pass, thereby becoming its discoverer and should have the credit.

Aug., 1929 ON THE TRAIL 843

textures than those caught later or with their fresh animals had little difduring the fall roundup. As Smith ficulty in reaching the Green river sevrode among the pack animals, exameral days ahead of Sublett, having

ing the pelts, he visioned stacks of Provot and Bridger as guides, the rich- "Greenbacks,"for were they not half est fields were well under supervision his? Surely "stocks had shot up!"when the later group arrived, moving

The next morning while breaking farther down to a less fruitful terri camp, Jed heading west and Fitztory. Hardly a year had elapsed since

patrick east, William L. Sublett Jed lay wounded and helpless on the

with his large train of men and horses headwaters of the Powder; then fate

came into camp. One look at the furs, and death with open jaws yawned to

and Sublett was on his way toward receive him; now health and prosthe white gap in the distant mounperity stacked to the bulging brim

tains. Then followed a race into the were his, yet with all his successes,

new field of action, Smith being disthe Holy Bible was still his choicest patched with Provot, Bridger and companion most of the men, while Fitzpatrick and five of his crew made "bull boats"With the coming of hot weather, on the Sweetwater, loaded their riches bringing the mother beaver and her and were soon on their way across little ones, the trapping season came to the wide prairie toward St. Louis. But a close. Each group of men cached his

pack of furs and other "nonessen- as spring sunshine breaks quickly into "March weather,"so it was here; for tials"and waited for the "rendezvous,"

at the point where the Sweetwater deat which time the trappers and traders scends swiftly into the Platte, the from far and wide gathered at the "Wilderness Market,"each on guard boats were upset, sending all the valuables, as well as the men, headlong against the cunning of his competitors in driving bargains in pelts, trapping into the turbulent stream. Fortune

years favored them, however, for the many outfits and food supplies. Two

rocks made possible the recovery of later the rendezvous was switched to most of their wealth. Not knowing northern Utah. Here the caches were

made in a wonderful feedground on the current of the Platte nor being the Bear river, now known as "Cache willing to take further chances of

Valley."complete loss, the furs were dried and

cached, and with several of his men A "cache"is made in the following

Fitzpatrick pushed off in a boat, and, manner: A dry place in the heart of

about two weeks later, landed at St. a thicket is chosen and a pit about

Louis. These trappers became "the six feet in diameter is sunk to about

first white men to navigate the Platte eight feet in depth, then a drift to one from its headwarters on the Contiside is made and a chamber formed nental Divide."large enough to accommodate all the

When Fitzpatrick with General "impedimenta"of the party. Many

William Ashley and twentyfive men armfuls of sticks and dry grass line and fifty head of horses returned in the compartment, and, after the cache the fall and winter of 182425, the is deposited, more limbs and grass fill very first train of supplies went westup the opening; the hole is then filled

ward over what became the famed and the sod replaced, any soil left "Oregon Trail."For a good part of oyer is carefully carried away, making

the way, it was over this same route, detection almost impossible. Having

twentythr.ee years later, that Presthus, for the time being, disposed of

ident Young led his first band of their "impedimenta."the trappers, in

scouts, in the spring of 1847. small groups, trailed into distant

By forced marches, Jed and his men valleys on exploring excursions. It

Aug.. 1V29844 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was thus that the trails of the Great these "trailbreakers"the East learned

Basin were opened and the roadways of the West, and came seeking its richfound for the oncoming pioneer. From ness.

Civilization's Debt to the Fur Traders

Of this Rocky Mountain Fur ComJed moved southward over a new pany, Chittenden concludes: "The field, cutting east of Boise and west of

cause of geographical knowledge owes American Falls, crossed the Snake and a great deal to this company. The followed up Raft river and over the

whole country around the source of mountains to Promontory on the the Platte, Green river, Yellowstone, northwest corner of the Great Salt and Snake rivers and in the region Lake. Thinking he had struck an arm

around Great Salt Lake was opened up of the Pacific Ocean, he turned eastby them. These adventurers gave ward, crossed Bear river in the neighnames to the Sweetwater river, Indeborhood of Garland, thence east to

pendence Rock, Jackson Hole, and the "Cache Valley,"where he met his tributaries of the Green river and old friend Sublett, and together with

Great Salt Lake. They discovered their packs of furs reached Green river

the lake and also South Pass. They rendezvous in time to welcome Fitzwere the first to descend Green river patrick and the noted frontiersman,

by boat, and likewise the first, after General William Ashley, who the fall

Colter, to enter the Yellowstone wonbefore had induced Provot to run for derland. They were the first to travel Governor of Missouri but he had been

from Great Salt Lake southwesterly to defeated. (Bridger and Provot had

Southern California, the first to cross both seen Great Salt Lake a few the Sierras and deserts of Utah and months ahead of Smith.)

Nevada between California and the It might be stated here also that in Great Salt Lake, and the first, as far as 1831, six years after the rendezvous it is known, to travel by land up the of 1825, that Joseph Smith established Pacific coast from San Francisco to the the Colesville branch at Independence, Columbia. They were indefatigable Missouri, and that he with the leadexplorers and considering the fact that

ing brethren of the Church dedicated most of them made no records of what the Land of Zion, as well as a place they did, the impress which they have

Jerusalem."made upon the geography of the West for the "Temple and New

At that time, Jedediah S. Smith with is surprisingly great."

With his furs securely hidden, and his two brothers spent the winter of 183031 at Independence, and as knowing that Fitzpatrick could not return for a full year, Smith with six Parley P. Pratt, Oliver Cowdery and

chosen companions set out northward other missionaries were at this western it's on an exploring and trapping trip of village during this same winter, a year's duration, traveling, all told, more than probable that they discussed over fifteen hundred miles. He folreligion and frontier life together. We

lowed down the Portneuf to the shall discuss these matters, however, in is rather fitting Snake, passed the present site of Pocaour next article. It

tello, thence northward to the Salmon that these unique correlations be conriver, a branch of the Columbia, and sidered, for Brigham Young was soon finally turned back at the Flat Head to be on Smith's overland trail to the

Lake, within twodays'journey of mountains.

Canada, but at that time there was no To the appointed rendezvous on

Canadian line as far west as the the Green river in 1825, more than

Rockies, it being established twentytwo hundred "wild men of the wilderone years later. ness"swarmed. Even a large group

Aug., 1929 ON THE TRAIL 845

of the Hudson Bay deserters, British flour or bread for months, subsisting trappers from the Columbia river, entirely upon the game of the wild having been invited by Jed while on country which they explored; and

his trip northward, came trying their now the luxuries were purchased at luck at barter with the "Yankees,"enormous prices, especially during the in place of selling at Fort Vancouver, days of drinking, when men paid dearnear the present site of Portland, Orely for their needs. Beckwourth says,

gon. Jed owed his life and fortune "Many a trapper not only swallowed

three years later to this British fort in a day of ease what he had earned spoken of in our next story. in a year of constant danger and hardBeckwourth informs us: "Many of ship, but when the rendezvous broke

the trappers brought along their up found himself indebted to his emsquaws and halfbreed Indian children, ployer for the next year's outfit. Story

altogether making quite a little town."telling, gambling, drinking, feasting,

It is not known whether the twentyhorse-racing, wrestling, boxing (often yearold "Jim Bridger"had an Indian of the gorilla style) and target shootgirl then or not, but twenty years ing were the order of the day, all of later when the pioneers passed Fort which were indulged in with a heartcivil-Bridger, it is stated that he had mariness that would astonish more ried at least three women from the ized societies,"and during brawls at "dusky tribes"and had a number of the gambling tents more than one man children. was put to sleep "with his boots on"

and found an unmarked grave on the The "lively frontier market"hillside. This sort of thing, however,opened. Individually or in groups, all existed only among the "free trapparties endeavored to make valuable pers"of the baser type, "who prided

bargains, vigorously striving to lay in themselves on their hardihood and a year's stock of flour, sugar, coffee, courage; even on their recklessness and

tobacco, blankets and ammunition, profligacy, each claiming to own the and, at least, a few "rich days of best horses; to have had the wildest

whisky, which seemed a necessary of adventures; to have had the most

article for that region."With the narrow escapes; to have killed the most

opening of the "little brown jug,"the bears and Indians; to be the greatest

days of jubilee began, but terminated favorite with the Indian belles; the

dully and gloomily when the flow of greatest consumer of alcohol, and to "fire water"ceased. have the most money to spend,"and

Among these frontiersmen were with his hand on his pistol, stood trappers who had not tasted coffee, ready to defend his argument with sugar, liquor, and, in extreme cases, disputers.

Exemplary Characters Among Frontiersmen

General Ashley, Smith, Fitzpatrick, was held by the men to be the "best

Bridger, Sublett, Jackson, and many educated frontiersman among them."

others of the better type of trappers, Besides his notes and journals, the lodged by themselves; and while the Bible was his only book. We are incommon group gambled, they spent formed he favored the New Testaquiet evenings conjointly or severally, ment, reading often from James,

laying future plans, writing in their "Submit yourself therefore to God. journals, or reading some book

Resist the Devil and he will flee from brought across the plains. At these

times, Jed never failed to find rest and you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners,

encouragement from his Bible. He and purify your hearts. Is any among

Aug.. 1929846 IMPROVEMENT ERA

you afflicted? let him pray. Is any their religious ceremonies were wrong

merry? let him sing Psalms."and had said that the white men away

Smith has often been pictured toward the rising sun had a book preaching to the Indians, and he, like which would tell them the proper the first missionaries, Marcus Whitway.

man and his companion, H.H.Spauld- "The tribe was so exercised by these

ing, who came with their wives ten descriptions that a council was called years later (1836), being the first and four chiefs selected to go to St.

white women to trail through South Louis and procure this book."Two

Pass, never neglected an opportunity of the councilmen took sick in the to read the Bible to his companions city of the White men and died, the or the Redmen with whom he so other two being terribly disappointed often camped. That someone aroused with what they saw and heard, re-

a splendid curiosity among the Indians turned sorrowfully back to their for the Bible is certain, for on March tribesmen. It was from the result of 1, 1833 (three years after the Church

Whitman and Spauldwas organized) the Christian Adthis visit that vocate of America told of a visit to ing were sent as missionaries to the

St. Louis of four Nez Perce Indians Columbia river. Jed was, however,

who had come from west of the Rocky the very first person to carry the Bible

Mountains in search of the white to the Rocky Mountains; in fact, he

man's book from heaven. They was the man who carried it through

claimed that the white men who had the South Pass, following its dispenetrated their country had declared covery by Fitzpatrick in 1824.

A Fortune in Furs At the close of the rendezvous of ing toward the Big Horn, having been 1825, it was decided among the leadin a deadly encounter with the Crows, ers, that General Ashley and Smith and seeing the white trappers in the should make the long trip back to distance stealthily trailed them for the States with their tremendous packs several days, waiting for an opporof furs, worth, as some authors have tunity for plunder. At last becoming

claimed, a fortune of $200,000. With impatient at the white man's perall this wealth loaded on pack animals sistent vigilance, they suddenly burst

the caravan headed for South Pass. like a thunder cloud upon the outer

That it was a risky undertaking, all guard. "They made their appearadmitted, but what else could be done? ance at the break of day, yelling in

Upon reaching the Sweetwater, the the most hideous manner,"writes little company of men decided on the Ashley, "and using every means in safer route, via Big Horn, Yellowtheir power to alarm our horses, which stone, and the Missouri. Although they so effectually did that the horses,

it was twice as far around, it seemed although closely hobbled, broke by the surest, and possibly the quickest the guards and ran off. A part of the

way home. That the northern route Indians being mounted, they succeeded

was not without its dangers, we shall in getting all the horses but two."

soon learn. Then the warriors, decked in paint

On the Big Horn, immediately west and feathers, made a determined rush from Jed's "grizzly bear camp,"upon the trappers, determined to capAshley's trappers got their first battle. ture the fur packs; but so firmly en-

A fierce band of Blackfeet, full brothtrenched were the men, and so deadly ers to the cruel Chippewa, Cheyenne, their aim, that the "yelling wolves"and Arapaho tribes, were just returnbroke from their shelter, fleeing swiftAug., 1929 ON THE TRAIL 847

ly down the trail, following the stolen of us would have escaped to see the horses. Yellowstone.

Under cover of night, the fearless "Greenwood, who knew the Crows,

Jed, imoccasinfooted, and silent as acted as our interpreter between our death slipped out into the mountain general and the Indian chief, whose vastness. By daybreak, Henry's men name was Absaroka Betetsa, Sparrowin-were awakened near the spot Smith Hawk Chief. After numerous

had believed them to be from reports quiries about our success in bunting, he had received while on the Sweetthe chief asked where we were from.

water. By dusk that night, Jed, with 'Green river,'was the reply.

plenty of horses and men, rode into 'You kill two Blackfeet?'

camp. Two days later, seeing no "'Yes.'

signs of further trouble, Ashley and 'Where are their scalps? My peohis group moved forward, hoping in ple want to dance.'(A thing glee-

a few days to reach a favorable locafully indulged in when an enemy has tion where bull boats could be made fallen.)

and the men and furs transferred to 'Don't show them!'cried Greenthe swift current of the river. During wood to us.

the two days following the first en- "Turning to the Indians, 'We counter, writes Beckwourth, another didn't take their scalps.'

attack was made. This time the trap- 'Ugh! That's strange.'

pers fired into the darkness where "During this colloquy, I had buried figures were seen lurking. Two Inmy scalp in the sand and concealed

dians were killed and the others remy leggings, knowing now that they treated. "One of them,"says the jourhad belonged to a Crow. The chief

nalist, "wore a fine pair of buckskin gave orders for his warriors to move leggings, which I took from him and on, and many of them kept with us put on myself."Then with his sharp on our road to their camp, which was

knife he secured the scalp, tying the but a short distance off. Soon after

long black hair into his rawhide girdle. reaching there, an Indian woman is-

A week later, we are told, a whole sued from a lodge and approached the band of Indians came swooping down chief. She was covered with blood

upon the little company, Beckwourth and crying. In the most piteous tones,

writes: "The alarm was given, and, she addressed the chief: 'These are the

on looking out, we saw an immense men that killed my son, and will you body of them, well mounted, chargnot avenge his death?'She was aling directly down upon our camp. most naked, and, according to their

Every man seized his rifle, prepared custom when a near relative is slain, for the living tornado. The general had inflicted wounds all over her body

gave orders for no man to fire until in token of her deep mourning. The

he did. By this time the Indians were chief turned to the general: 'The two

within half pistol shot. Greenwood men who were killed in your camp

(one of our party) pronounced them were not Blackfeet, but my own

Crows and called out several times warriors; they were good horse thieves

not to shoot. We, however, kept our and brave men. One of them was a

eye upon our general; he pulled the son of this woman, and she is crying

trigger, but happily his gun missed for his loss. Give her something,'he

fire, and our camp was immediately demanded, 'to make her cease her cries, filled with their warriors. Most fortfor it angers me to see her grief.'

unate it was for us that the general's "The general cheerfully made her a gun missed fire, for they numbered present of what things he had at hand, more than a thousand, and not a man to the value of about $50. 'Now,'

Aug.. 1929848 IMPROVEMENT ERA

said the chief to the woman, 'go to ing back, would have called at your your lodge and cease your crying.'She camp. You would have given me towent away, seemingly satisfied. bacco, but that would not carry me.

"Happening to look among their When we stole them they were very numerous horses, we recognized some poor; now they are fat. We have

that had been stolen from us the fall plenty of horses. You can take allbefore. The general said to the chief: that belongs to you.'The chief then 'I believe I see some of my horses gave orders for them to deliver up allamong yours.'

the horses taken from our camp, which 'Yes, we stole them from you.'

was promptly complied with."'What did you steal my horses

for?'In the next article we shall carry

''I was tired with walking. I had Jed "to the end of the trail,"meeting

been to fight the Blackfeet, and, comdeath at the hands of the Comanches.

The Wasatch Range as viewed from the lake at Liberty Park

Liberty Park on a Summer's Day

Leave, for a day, the burning city street

And come, with me, unto a cool retreat

Where verdant lawns and shadowed spaces lure,

And brightfaced flowers, whispering zephyrs, stir.

Remember, once again, when fancy smiled,

Watch happy children be a child; play—and

Or lay outstretched upon the velvet grass,

And scan the sky where snowy cloud drifts pass.

Aug., 1929 LIBERTY PARK ON A SUMMER'S DAY 849

For here is gathered all that pleasure seeks,

The lake, the trees, the towering mountain peaks;

The quaint menagerie of birds and beast,

A thousand wonders upon which to feast.

Framed as a picture that no art could paint,

Across the mirrored waters, bold yet faint.

The snowclad Wasatch looms, as though to keep,

Like some good shepherd, watch upon his sheep.

The shaded avenues of stately pines,

Where often lovers wander, idly winds

To cozy nooks, where fountains softly play

And robin redbreast sings his evening lay.

The band, at times, gives forth a pleasing sound,

And yet again where prancing steeds go round.

And I have known some moments of delight,

With simple toys that fascinate the sight.

To feed the ducks, to watch the monkeys swing,

To glide upon the lake, to laugh and sing

In truth here is a fund of rarest joy

For all who care to be once more, a boy.

So come with me and leave dull care behind,

Renew the spirit and enrich the mind;

Within the arms of nature rest or play, glorious summer's day! And be at peace—this Salt Lake City, Utah HENRY F. KlRKHAM

An Hour of my Own It is alone in my bedroom tonight, late—I'm

All is still, not a sound stirs the air,

Save the chirp of a bat as he whirls in his flight.

Or a cricket's lone song on the stair.

Now's the time for reflection, an hour of thought.

For the cares of the day are now fled;

'Tis a time when the mind without worry is fraught;

'Tis a time at which prayers may be said.

'Tis a time to repent of the sins of the day,

And thank God for the soul he has blessed;

'Tis a time to be humble, to earnestly pray

E'er you tuck yourself snugly to rest.

Provo, Utah CLARENCE EVAN CHRISTENSEN of Something A Lack By Harold Thorpe

Marion Wellington was whiling tendency, taking charge of the Sunday away the morning hours of a bright School that day.

November Saturday after the manner She had looked up at him. At the

of attractive young school teachers same instant he had looked down at who are very popular socially. Rising her. His handsome face had caused

leisurely at nine, she had breakfasted her to flush with surprised emotion.

at ninethirty and then retired to a He, too, had started visibly at her comfortable sofa in front of the blazmomentary gaze. Then rising suding hearth in the parlor. denly, he had disappeared quickly

The daughter of a prosperous merdown a back stairway leading from chant, she had enjoyed all the privithe stand into the basement of the leges of high school and college educachapel. It seemed a deliberate effort

tion without any thought of money. to avoid looking at her, or even to

She had always been extremely popube seen by her, and the color rushed lar because of her beauty and charming to her face in an angry flood.

personality. Now. twentythree years "A booby with big feet and a square

of age and a high school teacher, she jaw,"she had thought resentfully.

was still as popular as ever. I'll bet he is married anyway, so I

On this bright November morning don't care one single thing about him."

she was relating to Mrs. Anderson, Yet, no sooner had he disappeared than

the goodnatured Danish lady with she whispered eagerly to Mrs. Anderwhom she boarded, all the colorful son and asked if he was married.

little episodes which had thrilled her "No,"was the whispered reply, in the high school football dance of "There's a good chance for you. He's

the night before. an abstractor in lawyer Cheeves'office,

Only one incident of the dance had a wonderful young man. Makes a

she refrained from pouring into Mrs. hundred fifty a month."And imAnderson's willing ears, a little affair mediately Marion had experienced the

too unimportant to deserve a second most profound relief of her whole thought had it concerned anyone but life.

John Westland. But he was the one When John had returned a moment

young man different, in her mind, later, carrying some record books, a from any other she had ever known. genial look overspread his face, and

He alone had been able to keep her her wrath melted away completely.

tender heart in a flutter of uncertainty. How hard she had tried during the

For over two months, ever since she ensuing two months to become better had first met him, he had carefully acquainted with become him—to

refrained from showing her those little friendly with him! And how deliberattentions so dear to feminine hearts. ately he had avoided her! But why?

His indifference had begun the first Marion never knew. At times she

time they had seen each other. It had really thought she hated him—hated

happened in Sunday School the first him for his utter unconcern about

Sunday she had been in the town. him because he kept her her—hated

With Mrs. Anderson she had come in guessing all the him time—hated

late, and he was sitting on the because he had thrown her selfsatis- stand, first assistant in the superinfied mind into complete confusion

Aug.. 1929 A LACK OF SOMETHING 851

about such things as love and marthe privilege of going to just one riage. theatre or dance with John Westland.

For two or three years before she But John, the big, the handsome, the came to board with Mrs. Anderson, attractive and refined gentleman with

she had been fully convinced that there the waving black hair and pleasing was no such thing as real love; there baritone voice, was the most elusive

was only puppy love, which flames person she had ever met. As far back

and flares and flickers and dies in one as she could remember, he was the only wild delirium during impetuous and young man she had failed to captivate passionate youth. After puppy love, at first sight.

according to her point of view, there Of course she had met John—had

would eventually come the agreeable danced with even conversed him—had

and sensible mating of agreeable and with him during the few thrilling mosensible people who seem to see in each ments she had glided around the dance other those desirable qualities which floor in his arms. Never once had he

make for happy marriages. But there suggested that a closer friendship

wasn't any such thing as real love, of should develop between them.

the deep, devoted, or undying kind. How she had hoped and schemed

That was only a beautiful tradition, for just one sign from him that he was an enchanting myth. aware of her existence on earth—that

Frequently she had argued the mathe appreciated and approved her trim ter with those of her friends who figure and dreamy brown eyes! But

didn't agree with her. "It's just comfor over two months, ever since her

mon sense,"she would declare first ecstatic view of had him—she

positively, "if you want to be happily hoped in vain. Never an encouraging

untilmarried, choose a husband who won't sign or word from him—not

be scratching a poor man's bald spot last night in the football dance, when all his life; one with a good income, to her exquisite joy, his frigidity

and enough brains to keep earning one. seemed to have begun to thaw out. As

When I marry, I want a modern a delightful day in spring, which bungalow, well furnished, right from comes unexpectedly after weeks of chill the start. And a car, and a piano, and winds and dreary fog and mud and

plenty of clothes. The man who can't drizzle, the change had come over him.

provide these things for I'll Without any warning he had apparme—well,

enjoy his pleadings, laugh at him, and ently awakened to a sudden realizaforget him."None of her friends had tion of her exquisite beauty.

ever been able to change her mind in She had been standing alone near an the matter. open window, enjoying a moment of

But John Westland had changed her relaxation and fresh air between mind completely, had upset her calcudances. Suddenly, without knowing

lations so thoroughly that she had why, she had turned her head sharply never been sure of anything relating to the left ancf discovered John Westto love or matrimony since she had land, gazing wistfully at her.

met him. Part of the time she felt For one brief moment they had

about half sure of two things: first, looked intently into each other's eyes.

that John Westland was the most alWhat a soulsatisfying picture of an luring, and the most interesting, and ideal lover and future husband he had the most maddening, and the most seemed then! And what a friendly

contrary and unmanageable masculine handsome face he really did have, now experience she had ever had, (or tried that he chose to show an awakening to have and failed); second, she interest in her! The very ecstacy of

would gladly have exchanged her the moment had brought the color to equity, in half a dozen "sheiks"for her cheeks, enhancing the loveliness of

Aug., 1929852 IMPROVEMENT ERA

her charms. She had been the first to den breakup of a most satisfying revturn away. He had already danced erie.

with her, but did not approach her "Think of his money!"

during the rest of the evening. Rather, Marion sat bolt upright. "Money!"

it seemed, he avoided her completely, she exclaimed contemptuously, "Marry and his aloofness upset her again. Was David Moorehouse for his money? All

he in love with her? Wasn't he? How he does is brag about the dough he will

exasperating to have an ideal young inherit from his two spinster aunts man in love with you without being when they die. I'll bet he prays every

able to understand him at all! night for them to pass away. He

As Marion lounged on Mrs. Anderparaded around last night as if it were

son's sofa, on this bright Saturday more important that everyone see him morning, she kept telling herself that in a new necktie than that our boys she really hated him now for causing had won the splendid football victory.

her such a sleepless night. At times The great big gawk!"

the horrifying fear that he might "But he's rich!"

marry some other girl before she knew "Do money and new breeches make about it nearly drove her frantic. a man?"retorted Marion. "If it

On the other hand, what a triumph weren't for new breeches, half the it would be to have him competing young men in this town wouldn't with half a dozen others for the priviknow what they're living for."

lege of taking her to dances and "What about young Harris? He's

parties and buying her chocolates! rich too."

Marion never lacked "beaus."If a "He's too short. Who would want

really attractive and desirable young to marry a stumpy little molehill like man wasn't pressing her for an enhim?"

gagement, there was always a con- "You'll be falling in love withvenient secondhand beau waiting John Westland—

around to take her to a dance or a "How do you know? I've never

theater. Every time a hopeful young even mentioned his way."name—that

gallant walked by her side or sat with "Why are you always so curious her in a car, she secretly wished him about him? You've asked me someoff the earth, or out of town, or in thing atout him every day you've been

the bottom of the ocean, anywhere here. Poor fellow, I'd hate to be his

but with her, and that John Westland wife. But he is a wonderful man, and

was there instead, entertaining her will make a good husband for some with that pleasing voice. girl. But he surely is handicapped for

"How could I manage him?"money now."

Marion kept asking herself, as she "On account of having to take care looked dreamily into the fire. She of his two sisters?"Marion asked.

became so absorbed in John Westland "Yes."

that she didn't notice Mrs. Anderson's "How long will it take him to

return. pay off that fool mortgage his father

"You're in love!"cried the latter left on their new home when he and

triumphantly, when Marion did not Mrs. Westland were killed in an auto

look up at her approach. "Who is it accident last spring?"

now, young Harris, or Dave Moore- "It isn't so much,"said Mrs. Anderhouse. They're both rich, and you've son, settling down on the sofa beside

always said money was a necessity to a her, preparatory to telling the story happy marriage. It's Dave Mooreover again for the thirtyninth time.

house!"she continued. "You see John only makes one hun-

"Dave Moorehouse! in a new neckdred fifty a month. After he pays

tie!"cried Marion, irritated at the sudMrs. Wade thirty dollars for keeping

Aug., 1929 A LACK OF SOMETHING 853

house, and that much more on the there, only I don't know how to get mortgage, and takes care of groceries over to it."

and fuel and clothes for himself and "I'll help you, if I may,"he volNellie and Gwen, he hasn't much left unteered.

at the end of the month. Of course "Thank you ever so you much—if

he'll get that lovely new bungalow bycan spare the time."Neither spoke

paying off the mortgage and taking during the hike across the stubble field care of his sisters."and over the ditches.

"It must be hard to be pressed for "You never said a word during all money like that,"said Marion, that walk,"she flashed at him, as they thoughtfully. reached the tree.

"Why don't you marry some rich "Neither did you,"he replied, and young fellow and be done with it?"both laughed. But she seemed to have

returned Mrs. Anderson. forgotten all about the kodak pictures,

"Doesn't John walk down in the and seated herself on a log. "Surely

fields every Saturday see he will notice me now,"thought she, afternoon—to

their farm?"asked Marion, ignoring "I've put on the most becoming clothes

the other's suggestion. I had for the occasion, and I couldn't

"Yes. He works till twelve noon possibly look more attractive."He

on Saturdays, and then walks through looked down at her as she settled herthe fields about two o'clock. You had self.

better go out this afternoon and take "Mr. Westland,"she began sud-

a few pictures. Maybe you'll meet denly, "I am greatly interested in

him. Every girl in this town respects studying people's characters. You see,

him, no one knows what he thinks I dabble in story writing in odd moabout any of them. Maybe he's in ments. I like to have people tell me

love with you. You can't tell. He of their whims and their moods, their

keeps his love he ever has likes and dislikes, and, well, their affairs—if

himself."plans for a successful life. I haveany—to

"Perhaps I will go out a little while learned a great deal about human naand take a few pictures,"said Marion. ture through people telling me such

Mrs. Anderson laughed. "I'll bet things. And sometimes I discover a

you're in love with him. Now, aren't clever plot in someone's unusual exyou?"But Marion only turned and perience. Would you mind telling me

curled up on the sofa again and looked a little about moods yourself—yourdreamily into the fire. Her landlady,

accustomed to these sudden Saturday "Just what do you wish to know morning silences, went bustling away about me?"he asked, as she hesitated.

to her duties. "Well,"she reddening in some emThat afternoon, half a mile west of barrassment, "you're so profound a

town, Marion was preparing to take mystery that you ought to furnish exsome kodak pictures when John apcellent material for a story. All the

proached. young girls I know are puzzled about

"Good afternoon, Miss Wellingyou. You never take anyone anyton,"he said pleasantly. Apparently where."

taken by surprise, she turned quickly, "A mystery easily explained,"he the color rushing to her cheeks. How smiled at her. "I haven't enough cash

that musical voice thrilled her! properly to entertain a modern lady,

"Why, how do you do, Mr. Westand no sweetheart."cash—no

land,"she replied graciously. "I was "But they all say you never seem

just trying to take a few snapshots. interested in anyone."

I should like one of the tall cotton- "I'm thankful if I seem so. It

wood by that picturesque old shed over would only add to the misery and the

Aug., 1929854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sting of it all if for me at times. To love a beautiful they—if she—well,

if anyone knew,"he finished awkyoung lady, your very ideal of all wardly. that is lovable in a woman, and yet

"Knew what?"she asked eagerly. never be able to do more than worship

"Now just what was it you wished her from afar, in silence and without to know?"he countered. her is bitter. The knowledge—that

"Well, aren't you even human? whole affair hurts deeper than anyone

Don't you care for any girls? Are knows. The haunting fear that she

you a woman hater? Everyone says may suddenly become the bride of anyou must be. Of course,"she added other, almost maddens me at times."

hastily, "I'm thinking all this only "Why don't you tell her? She

so I can write a capital short story."would understand, and if she loved

"Of course you are,"he laughed, might save both of you from you—it

and she colored guiltily. For a mounhappy marriages with someone

ment he said nothing, but stood gazing else."In her eagerness Marion half

down intently into her upturned reached out her hands to rose—almost

brown eyes, as if he would read some him.

precious secret hidden there. Slowly, "I've been tempted to several times,

almost unconsciously, that wistful for the sake of my two little orphan yearning look came into his face that sisters. They miss a mother's love so

had thrilled her the night before in much, and they miss it every day.

the dance. In a moment she was There is no substitute for love. There

trembling with excitement. is something lacking in their lives as

"Please, John, tell me."well as in mine. It is the friendship,

"Is your word good?"he asked, the companionship and the love and

"and will you keep my secret if I tell sympathetic counsel of a good woman.

you my romance, or half romance, I've tried to be a mother to Nellie and whatever it is?"Gwen, but I can't. I need someone

Marion readily agreed. now to help me with those two moth-

"In the first place,"he began, and erless girls."

the wistfulness in his voice made her "You should tell all her—by

heart beat faster, "I am quite human means!"

just human enough to have fallen in "I am afraid to, while my finances love with the most wonderful girl are so low. She has never known the

in the whole world."necessity of economizing. Her parents

you're engaged to her?"are wealthy, and she is accustomed to "And—and

doesn't even know it yet. having everything she wants. She "No—she

It's this way,"he continued, "right might resent the idea all together."

now I have scarcely the right to think "If she loves you, she will be willof love. It will take me a year to pay ing to help;"insisted Marion eagerly.

off the mortgage on the home, and "You are sure I'd be doing the right that, with our living expenses, keeps thing if I should tell her?"

me pretty close run financially. I'm "I'm sure you would."

willing to go without things myself He took one ecstatic step toward her.

rather than see little Gwen or Nellie "It's you I'm in love with, Marion.

suffer, but I couldn't ask a girl to I've loved you since that morning I make such sacrifices."first saw you in Sunday School. Hardly

"Doesn't she an hour passes that I do not think of understand—anything

about all?"you. Can you love me, it—at you—do "I hope not. My distress over the Marion?"

affair will be less if she knows nothing She had risen while he was speaking, of it. Only one who has been in my surprise and joy on her face. The

circumstances knows how hard it is whole world had changed completely

Aug.. 1929 A LACK OF SOMETHING 855

for Marion while John had been deother thing. If you must ponder the

claring his love for her. For a moment matter, Marion, then you don't love

she was too excited to say anything, me, and only love will ever satisfy me.

but stood looking into questioning Don't you think we had better take eyes that gazed into hers. Then for some pictures?"

one unfortunate second the coquette in But Marion was on the verge of her took control. tears. She wanted to avoid a scene

"Now that I am sure of him, shall I at any cost, well knowing from past rush into his arms, or keep him in experiences that if she gave way to suspense a few weeks?"she thought, tears she would tell him everything.

the color deepening on her cheeks. "I She was piqued and hurt and wanted

hardly know what to tell you, Mr. time to plan her campaign all over

Westland,"she said slowly, after a again.

moment. "I think I'll go home, if you'll help

"Why not?"he asked quickly, and me to the road,"she said tremulously.

with unusual firmness. "Certainly."

"Can't you give me a few days to They made their way through think it over?"ditches and fences and across the fields

"If you must have a few days to together. "Goodbye, and thank you,"

decide, then you are not in love with she said more composedly when they me at all,"he said unreasonably. reached the road.

"Love is not a thing we become con- "Goodbye, Miss Wellington."Each

scious of through debate or pondering. one hoped the other would say someWhen we are in love, we are more thing to prolong the conversation on

aware of it than of anything else in the subject nearest both their hearts.

life. I love you with such tremendous But neither did so.

power, Marion, it has been the grandIf John Westland had held himself est experience I've ever aloof from Marion during the first known—an

experience that has come to me only two or three months of their acquaintonce this way. But if you don't love ance, he was more than aloof followmust end the whole affair, ing his declaration of love by theme—that

for me. I should be afraid to marry cottonwood tree. He avoided her so

anyone who was in deliberately that she soon became condoubt—there

would always be such a lack of somefused whenever they did meet.

thing in my married life."She favored the rich and lanky Dave

"Afraid of marrying me?"she Moorehouse above all her other suitors.

asked, quivering with emotion, while He noticed it. Everyone noticed it.

a tear glistened in each luminous Soon he was chuckling audibly to himbrown eye. self all day and slapping all his friends

"Unless our love for each other was on the back whenever he met them.on the same high plane—He kissed his mother and sisters every "Can't you give me a few days—time he passed them.

His own feelings were so clear and One early morning Dave kissed his positive that he failed to understand father, who was shaving, such a rehers. sounding smack on a shaved cheek that

"You don't love me,"he interthat worthy and sentimental sire rupted firmly. "If you did, Marion, hastened to the bank and arranged to

you wouldn't have to study the mattake care of another wedding.

ter at all. Love is the supreme exThe climax came three weeks after

perience in when it comes to the incident at the cottonwood tree. life—and

exalted and ennobling, it Dave had brought her home from theus—pure—enshrines the image of our beloved in dance, and sat triumphantly by her

our hearts more strongly than any in the parlor.

Aug., 1929856 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Well,"he began confidently, "you and asked John to come to her home said you would give me your answer that evening and look over some deeds tonight. Will you marry me?"she wished to have examined. When

She did not reply, but trembled like John called, he was greatly surprised a leaf, and then burst into tears. His to find only Marion there, and still

arms closed around her, and he drew more surprised to learn that Mrs. Anher forcibly to him, crushing her head derson had gone out for the evening

against his cheek. "You'll marry me, and left her boarder home alone to

won't you?"he whispered. bake some bread. Marion was equally

"No,"she sobbed, trying helplessly surprised. She wouldn't have minded

to draw away from him. the unexpected visit at all if she had

"What are you crying for?"he debut known about it beforehand so she

manded in surprise. could have dressed for the occasion.

"Because I'm in love with someone John seemed in no hurry to depart, else."When Marion was calm and and for some moments he entertained

selfpossessed, she could manage any her with the latest humorous stories.

man living but John Westland; when How Marion enjoyed that captivating

she was weeping and upset, she could laugh of his!

only cry and confess the truth. And Suddenly his face sobered, and that

she was completely out of control now. yearning, wistful look crept into his

Without another word, Dave seized eyes again.

his hat and bolted out of the house, "We had such an odd experience at slamming the door behind him. the cottonwood tree, didn't we?"he

Marion sank back on the sofa a asked.

trembling heap of hysterical young "I think you were most unfair, womanhood. Mrs. Anderson must too,"she replied, quietly.

have been snoring with one ear open, "No,"he said, rising abruptly, "I for she leaped out of bed and into her want love, pure, deep and devoted,slippers and bathrobe in one bound, when I marry—

rushed to the sofa and clasped Marion "How do you know I couldn't love in her arms. you? You've never taken me out.

"What's the matter, darling?"Never once have you asked me to go to

"I can't marry never be a dance or a theatre with you. I Dave—I'd

satisfied with him, with all his think you are the most unreasonable money,"sobbed Marion. "There young man I've ever met. You expect

would always be such a lack of someeverything at the outset—and—andthing in my married life—offer nothing—"You love John?"interrupted the see—"he interrupted "Well—youother. in confused embarrassment, '"I—I know. I've been too presumptuous 'Please—don't—don't

"I understand, my dear girl,"said but I really didn't mean to be. Loving

Mrs. Anderson, soothingly. With the you has been such a wonderful expehelp of her devoted landlady, Marion rience to me, and you'll never know

was soon tucked safely in her own how I've longed to take you out to bed, and Mrs. Anderson returned to theatres and dances and things, but I

her apartment. Before dropping off felt I couldn't afford even to think of

to slumber again, however, that love. But when the chance came

worthy matron built a few air castles so tell you how I unexpectedly—to

of her own, in which she hoped John felt, I just couldn't resist. Of course

and Marion would live happily ever it was stupid and selfish of me to exafter. pect so I have loved you much—but

The very next afternoon Mrs. Anso tremendously, Marion, and I'd give

derson called at Lawyer Cheeves'office the world if I were able woo as to—to

Aug., 1929 A LACK OF SOMETHING 857

I should like. But I can't. I just was doing things she had never done

haven't the money."before. She attended to every Church

"Couldn't you let your tithing go duty faithfully. She limited her exsomething?"penditures to what she might have had—or

"No,"he said firmly, yet kindly, to spend on herself had she been "I need the blessings of the Lord now, John's wife. Of course she saved

if I ever did. And I'll make far more money, another thing she had never

headway if I pay my tithes than if I done before in her whole life.

don't. I've proved the Lord too many She was sitting alone on the sofa

times not to know. If there must be one bright sunny afternoon in early

a lack of something in my life, I don't spring, checking up her savings deposit ever want it to be a lack of that peace dates when there came a loud ringing of mind which comes to us through of the doorbell and she admitted living in tune with the good spirit John.

which a Divine Providence sends us to "I've got it, Marion,"he cried help plan our lives along lines of peace eagerly, "I've got it at last, and I just and order. Love is the grandest thing couldn't stay away from you any

in the world, Marion, and when we longer.

live according to the Gospel plan, the "Got what?"

Lord fills our hearts, our very souls, "My increase in salary. Mr.

with that divine love, that peace that Cheeves loosened up in great shape passeth all understanding. If you untoday. My increase was a handsome

derstood me, you would never ask me one, too. Now I can take you out

not to pay my tithes. My greatest to things, if I may."

desire is that the spirit of peace may Slowly, almost dumbly she held out always be with me in my married life, her savings book to him. He took it

and that can never be unless we love in surprise, examined it quickly, then each other equally, and both live as hastily returned it. "I don't want

the Almighty would have us do. But that, ever,"he declared firmly.

I mustn't be narrow or exacting any "I didn't offer to give it to you, Mr.

more, and mustn't woo while I am too Stubborn Independence, I just wanted poor to do what is expected of a suitor. to show it to convince you you—to

Please forgive me, goodprove to you that I could get Marion—and—to

bye."Before she realized fully what along on what you are paying Mrs.

had happened, he was gone, the same Wade to keep house for you."

elusive, independent John Westland "Marion!"he cried rapturously,

that he had always been. Gone again. "you do love me then, don't you?"

For hours that night Marion plan- "I always you're so indid—only

ned and planned what she might do. dependent and stubborn.'

But how? "You little goose, come here!"And

During the next three months they she came quickly, for his arms reached saw little of each other. But Marion out and drew her to him.

More Tobacco Testimonials Junius F. Wells tells a significant story about a boyhood playmate. The

two were exactly the same height for quite a long period in their youthful lives.

In the course of time Brother Wells went on a mission. His friend had, unfortunately, become an inveterate smoker.

Bro. Wells met him later and, recurring to their boyish habit, said:

"A, I'm taller than you are."

"I know you are, June, and I'll tell you how much,"was the answer.

"You're just the length of a cigarette taller than I am, and that's why."

Messages From the Missions Central States Mission Crying for More Help

The reports of the missionaries they may have to ask on doctrine, beshow that the work is progressing very sides discussing the things that help favorably in all parts of the Central them to be more efficient missionaries.

States mission. President Bennion Thus they are profiting by the expeholds conference with the Saints and rience of one who has spent decades in

missionaries in each of the twelve disthis wonderful work.

tricts once every ninety days. These "The harvest is great and laborers

visits give the missionaries an opporare few,"are the words which come tunity to bring up any question which to us very forcibly in the mission

Missionaries of the Louisiana District

Front row. left to right: John Daniels (released), Rock Springs, Wyoming; Grant M. Andrus.

Idaho; Siemon Bowman, Ogden, Utah: S. O. Bennion, mission president; W. L. Nichols, districtt

president, Salt Lake City (released); Bryant Whiting, district president, St. Johns, Arizona;

Frank Hartle, Pocatello, Idaho. Second row: Cecil A. Putnam. New Orleans, branch president;

R. W. Salmon, Alberta, Canada; Louis C. Jensen, (released). Salt Lake City; Genile Whiting

(released), Rupert, Idaho; Beatrice Stringham, Salt Lake City; George T. Strasburg, Lehi, Utah;

Howard G. Woodbury (transferred), president Missouri district; R. A. Broomhead. Salt Lake City.

Back row: Jay J. Giles, Los Angeles. California; L. E. Leavitt. Bunkerville, Nevada; Lawrence

II. Stubbs, Provo, Utah.

Aug.. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 859

office. The district presidents from all stantial addition to the mission memparts of the mission are calling for bership (which was over 10,000 at

more elders. In the district of North the first of the year), both by converts

Texas, there are six cities larger than being baptized and children being

Salt Lake, but we can allow them only brought up in the Church by the ten missionaries for the entire district. members, but there has also been a

It can easily be seen how impossible marked increase in the payment of it is for so few elders to reach tithes, indicating that the people are everyone with the important message making a greater effort to live the of the Gospel. The other eleven disGospel. They are reaping the blessing

tricts are in almost or quite as great which follows obedience to this law.

need as North Texas. However, there As missionaries we thank the Lord

is considerable progress being made in for his goodness to us. We feel the

spite of difficulties. need of the faith and prayers of the

Not only has there been a subSaints all over the Church.

The Priesthood Centenary of the

GermanAustrian Mission

In this age of celebrating, each badges to the first Knight Scouts of the week brings some historical annivermission. The rank of Knight is

sary. Among the interesting Pentagiven to the Scout who attains about

costal celebrations was the gathering the same rank as 8 merit badges in of the Latterday Saints in Leipzig, America. It was an impressive moGermany, on May 18, 19, 20 and ment as the Scouts came forward and

21, to celebrate the 100th anniknelt down before Dr. John A. Widtversary of the restoration of the soe, president of the European misPriesthood. Members came from all sions, and President Valentine of the

parts of the mission, and the diverGerman-Austrian mission to be sified program displayed talent hardly dubbed Knight Scouts as the warriors comprehensible for so small a memof old in the days of chivalry. Scouts

bership as the mission has. numbering 155 took part on this proThe city of Leipzig placed a large gram.

office, in the railroad station, at our The BeeHive Girls met under the disposal. direction of their leader, Sister Rose

The celebration commenced with Ellen B. Valentine. The program

contests in public speaking, retelling featured special activities from some of of stories, ladies'trio and chorus, male the districts of the mission, showing chorus, debating, painting, and drawthe typical costume, dances, and music ing. The contestants were represenof that section. There were two other

tatives of the different districts of the features worth praise, the filling of mission. After the contests the Boy two cells in the Bee Hive work, one

Scouts, BeeHive Girls, and M Men depicting the cycle of life according to met in different departments. The the Gospel, the other, demonstrating

L. D. S. Boy Scouts, an organization good social conduct in society. Sister

affiliated with the German Scout FedLeah D. Widtsoe, president of the

eration, which is the only internationwomen's organizations of the Euroally recognized Scout organization in pean missions, was the special guest

Germany, met under the direction of of the program.

Mission Scout Executive M. C. Rich- A banquet for the M Men, under

ards. An interesting part of the prothe direction of mission Secretary

gram was the presentation of Knight Joseph E. Symons, was another feaAug., 1929860 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Priesthood Centenary Celebration, GermanAustrian Mission ture of the evening. An excellent President Widtsoe and led by Presiprogram was given by the M Men, dent Valentine. The time was short,

after which a very instructive debate but the spirit of testimony rested on was held between the winning teams those present and a spiritual feast was of the mission on the question, Reenjoyed by all. About 70 men bore

solved, "That the calendar should be testimony to the truth of this work.

changed to include 13 months of 28 The first service open to all members days each."and friends commenced at 10 o'clock,

After the close of these departments, Arthur Gaeth, mission superintendent at 9 o'clock, all visitors, friends and of Sunday Schools and Mutuals, conlocal members, gathered at the hall ducting. The program featured the

of the famous Kyffhauserhaus in Leipunveiling of the painting, "The reszig, for a social, under the direction toration of the Priesthood by John of F. Artell Smith. The music was the Baptist to Joseph Smith and Oliver

furnished by a group of missionaries Cowdery,"and the presentation of the under the direction of Mclvin B. WatGerman and Austrian flags to new

kins. During the intermission ribbons Scout troops by Helmuth Plath,

were given to the winners of the difpresident of the German Scout Federaferent contests as a recognition of their tion. The last number was a pageant

achievement. entitled, "The Restoration,"written

Sunday morning at 8 o'clock one of by Brother Arthur S. Schumann of

the most inspirational meetings of the Berlin and accepted as the winning whole conference was held, a fast and presentation in the playwriting contestimony meeting for all that carried test conducted by the mission. The

the Priesthood, under the direction of production depicted the different disAug., 19 29 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 861

pensations of the Priesthood from the than fifteen hundred people attended time of Adam until Joseph Smith. At the evening meeting.

this session 1466 people were present. Monday morning all assembled at

At the second service an illustrated the grounds of the Leipziger athletic lecture was presented, "The story of club. The Boy Scouts and BeeHive

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery,"Girls gave a practical demonstration by Helmuth Plath, editor of the of their work, and afterwards the Boy

Stern; also an illustrated lecture, Scouts appeared in dress parade to be

"The Priesthood from Adam to Pres. reviewed by mission officials. After

Heber J. Grant,"by Supt. Gaeth. the review President Widtsoe was prePres. Widtsoe gave a very interesting sented with an official Boy Scout

talk on the power and authority of badge. Mr. Stolberg, international

the Priesthood. More than twelve commissioner of the Boy Scout Federahundred people attended this meeting. tion in Germany, was one of the speThe evening meeting was a fitting cial guests.

climax to the others. It was led by On Tuesday all elders of the misMission President Hyrum W. Valension, together with Pres. Widtsoe,tine. The speakers of the evening were,

Sister Widtsoe and guests, met in aBishop Casper J. Fetzer of Salt Lake

City, Richard L. Evans, secretary of special fast and testimony meeting.

the European mission, Karl M. Nelson The celebration did much to give

now laboring in the Danish mission, the people a clearer picture of the acand Sister Leah D. Widtsoe. More tivities of the Church.

Illustrated Lecture Experiences in the British Mission

By Elder Alvin G. Pack

Since November, 1928, a series of of what the "Mormon"people have 67 successful illustrated lectures on the accomplished by their valor and will- "History, Principles and Leaders of ingness to serve mankind. "MormonMormonism,"which includes the ism"has been graphically and practiBook of Mormon and American cally illustrated.

Archaeology, have been given in the The true social and religious status

British mission. During the six months of our people has been explained,

of lecture campaigning, all districts, everyone has been greatly interested in except the Irish Free State District, what we are doing; and it has become

which will be visited later, were obvious to our friends why "Morvisited in the following order: The mon"missionaries are so zealous in

Scottish, Newcastle, Hull, Leeds, Livtheir efforts.

erpool, Nottingham, Norwich, LonAnti-"Mormon"meetings, in many don, Manchester, Sheffield, Welsh, cases held previous to ours, have served

Bristol, Birmingham and Ulster. only to increase attendance at the lecThe lectures have been given in tures. Goodwill and a desire to learn

many important cities in Great Britain. more of the truth were apparent.

raised up on everyA grand total of 5,028 persons, a great Friends have been side, and the seeds sown will eventupercentage of whom are not members of the Church, attended. Among ally result in the conviction that God

them were people of many different has reestablished his Church upon the stations in life. Although some were earth.

drawn by curiosity, we have been able The newspapers, many of which to give them a reasonable conception have heretofore been bitter in attackAug., 1929862 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing "Mormonism,"have given us as the center of scenic wonderland, favorable frontpage articles with such have driven home the lesson of honheadings as "Revelation of Mormonesty, purity and nobility of purpose ism,""Mormons Are Not Seducers,"which led the early settlers to Utah.

"Truth About the Mormons,"The courage and optimism expressed "Speaker Corrects Many False Docin the hymn, "Come, Come, Ye trines About the Mormons,""MorSaints,"which has been sung at the mons As They Are."These and other lectures during intermission, have

splendid titles and comments have touched many hearts. Truly songs

served to place our work in its true often preach great sermons. In Alloa,

light and to correct the common falScotland, a group of staunch Scotch lacies held that the "Mormons"live Presbyterians gathered to hear the lecfar off in a mountain fastness where ture. Four missionaries were the only

only members of the Church may go; Church members in the audience, and

that a high wall surrounds Salt Lake when the time came to sing, some

City, from which there is no escape wondered at the outcome. However,

once the "clutches of the 'Mormons'after a little coaching, our good nonhave closed; that women are merciless- "Mormon"friends warmed to the

ly carried off to lives of sorrow; and spirit of this beautiful song and were

that the missionaries come into the soon heartily singing it as though they world secretly to wreck homes. had known it for years.

I have often been surprised at these Then we proceeded to Saltcoats, foolish conceptions which are held where the Town Hall had been booked about our missionaries. While in for the lecture. During our previous

Glasgow, a lady reporter from the street meetings word was given out

Daily Express, Great Britain's largest that a huge "Mormon"meeting was newspaper, asked for an interview. She to be held, at which pictures of the

entered the room and approached, infamous Salt Lake City were to be quiring for "Mr. Pack."Upon being shown. Enthusiasm was aroused, even

directed to me, her face expressed surextending to the opposition, stirring prise and possibly a little disappointthem also to greater efforts to belittle ment at finding me so ordinary a perand "expose"us.

son, because she exclaimed: "Why, you On the night of meeting the largeare no different from other men!"It

hall was filled long before startingseems that she had come expecting to time. Standing room was at a premeet a blackfrocked, bearded cenmium. Along the two back rows sattenarian. She said she was pleased to a group of town ruffians who had comefind me and my colleagues, as she dewith the avowed intention of "runscribed us in her article next day, ning the 'Mormons'out."They sat "pleasant young men of college apwith hats on, feet on the benches, repearance, quite unlike the traditional fusing to cast away their cigarettes, andstories told of the 'mysterious Mor- "abusing us and those who had comemon Elder.'to learn the truth. Feeling ran high.

Actual photographs of scenes in Out of the 230 persons present, there

Church history, of Salt Lake City and were but five missionaries to maintain

Utah, showing the temple and taberthe cause of truth. But the Lord gave

nacle, other Church buildings and us strength. President George W.

those of other denominations, depictRomney, conducting the meeting, ing the contrast between the deserts warned the rough element that any of 1847 and the blossoming fields of disturbance would mean ejection.

1929, illustrating the valiant lives of They laughed. I started to speak, but

the pioneers, and showing Salt Lake had not uttered twenty words before

Aug., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 863

the group in the rear of the hall made the benediction, the words: "We thank

a terrific noise by yelling and stamping thee, Father, for the splendid illustheir feet. We could do nothing but trated lecture we have enjoyed,"were

make good our promise. Accordingly used. Immediately from the rear of

the lights were turned on and we five the hall a voice boomed: "Hear, hear!"

elders took the prominent offender and Though it caused a flutter, it proved summarily dropped him on the sideconclusively that the lecture had been walk outside the door. This helped, received with interest.

and the lecture continued. But again, A lecture on Scenic Utah and Westanother interruption caused us to reern America was delivered at the

peat the procedure, and out went anCarton Street Boys'School, Bradford.

other; three times it happened and soon The class master told hi$ boys not to

matters became so bad that I had to inbelieve a tenth of what they had heard vite the whole group to leave. They about the "Mormons."This people

hesitated, but seeing we were serious, had his highest respect. He appreciated

departed as if they didn't want to stay our missionary system and the volunanyway. As they were leaving, I tary service of those engaged in it. An

apologized to the ladies and gentleinvitation was extended for a similar men, who had come to learn the truth, lecture before the Bradford Geographfor having to reprimand these few ical Society at an early date.

"hooligans"who had come to defeat The class master entertained usour cause. The crowd applauded our afterwards at "tea."He was very muchaction, and soon the meeting consurprised when we requested water included.

stead of tea, which gave use a splendid

However, upon leaving the building opportunity to explain the Word of the ruffians, waiting outside, threatened Wisdom and to show the harmful reus with bodily violence. "Who's a sults coming from the use of tea and

hooligan?"they shouted, voicing with tobacco. Everywhere we are respected

imprecations and oaths an intention to for the high standard of living which make "the tall bloke (referring to me) the Gospel teaches.

take back his words."Although it A very interested lady came to me

was not easy to control our feelings, after my lecture in Rochdale, a city we smiled at their threats, and moved in the heart of the cottonspinning inaway, remembering the words of the dustry of England, and shook my

Savior: "Bless them that curse you, do hand, fervently expressing her gratigood to them that hate you, and pray tude for the truths portrayed. Among

for them which despitefully use you, her remarks she said: "Tonight is the

and persecute you."first time in my life that I have ever

A funny thing happened during one heard anything good about the 'Morof the lectures. A serial photograph mon'people."

of the University of Utah was on the In Eastwood, near the traditional screen. I was explaining it, and as I center of Robin Hood's activities, an

mentioned the word, "airplane,"a inspiring incident occurred, when lady cried in a shrill voice: "Oh, is nearly one hundred children arose in

that an airplane picture?""No!"re- a body to sing, "Come, Come, Ye

torted a disgusted bass voice from Saints."They had previously listsomewhere in the dark, "it was taken ened intently for almost an hour to

from the top of a stepladder!"pioneer experiences, and when they

The English people often exclaim, sang, "All is well, all is well,"their "Hear, hear!"at public meetings when joy in thus portraying the gallant piothe speaker pleases them. At Leeds, neer optimism stirred the hearts of all

the famous clothweaving center, in who listened.

Aug.. 1929864 IMPROVEMENT ERA

At Ipswich we put up the curtain burst into a roar of confirmatory apand adjusted the machine. As starting plause. This squelched further outtime approached, the hall filled combreaks; we had won! The meeting

pletely. Excitement was in the air. closed in peace and unity.

Individuals watched us as if we were The lectures have also been a means persons of mystery. After prayerfully of bringing about more harmony

placing myself in the hands of the among our own people. In the mission

Lord, for I felt that this was no orfield, fathers and mothers, brothers dinary meeting, I was introduced. and sisters, sons and daughters, are

There was a restless silence. All the often at variance one with another over

well known prejudice of this city religious views. Some of those who

seemed to rush at me with terrific have constantly refused heretofore to violence. fear have anything whatsoever to do with Fear—overwhelming

of an unseen there; the Church, have been persuaded to adversary—was

a painful consciousness of weakness, attend one of the lectures; and to our

too, and a halfmoment of irresolujoy, they have gone away with their tion: Then, as courage came to utter prejudiced views entirely changed.

the first words, the peaceful assurance A gentleman at Handsworth, Birof the Lord helped me to continue. mingham, arose, after I had borne my

All went well, except for a few testimony, and said: "I thank the

minor interruptions, until intermisspeaker and committee for the very sion. impressive lecture given here tonight.

However, the second half of the It is something that I will not soon similar testimonieslecture had not proceeded three minforget."Many

utes before a series of flashes and sharp have been borne by persons whom we reports echoed from the back of the had never seen before.

hall. From my position I could see In Stavely, a little Yorkshire village

that someone had placed about fifteen situated in the moors, we advertised giant firecrackers in the fireplace, but our lecture by distributing literature.

our visitors undoubtedly thought they Snow covered the ground, but by afwere the victims of a "Mormon"atternoon practically every villager knew tack. Pandemonium broke loose! of the "Mormon"meeting scheduled

Screaming women climbed over chairs. for that evening. Consequently the

Children cried. Everyone frantically village buzzed with excitement.

made for the doors. Panic! My shouts As we left the upper end of town,

were unavailing amid that confusion, school dismissed. Boys and girls

until someone turned on the lights. poured out of the building in carefree

The missionaries went among the enthusiasm, and, sighting us, decided clamoring people, calming them, enthat we would make good targets. I

deavoring to get them to return to have never seen the like of it! Imagine

their seats. Several of the weaker a group of men driven helplessly down

ones could stand no more, and hurriedthe street before a barrage of snowly departed. I was heartsick. balls, for we dared not return the fire.

As a semblance of order was reAs we went farther, more boys colstored, I managed to say through lected, and soon they set up the cry of clenched teeth, that this action was a "Mormons!"It was hard to take,

"sign of ignorance,"adding for emand although we were forced to retire phasis, "it is merely a sign of extreme to the hall for protection, their derisive ignorance!"Tears filled my eyes, and shouts served as a climax to our day's

a prayer of gratitude filled my soul as advertising campaign. It bore fruit in

some man, seconding what I had said, a deeply interested crowd.

shouted: "Hear, hear!"The crowd Then I journeyed into beautiful

Aug., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 865

Wales, and marveled at the panorama hats on, even refusing to remove them before me, green moors, valleys dotted during the prayers, and insisting upon with cultivated fields, hedge fences diconstantly using their briar pipes. So

viding the fields into natural checkerlarge a crowd attended that it was boards of numerous hues. Woodennecessary to blockade the entrance

soled clogs with horseshoeshaped against an invasion of urchins who metal plates on the bottom, are worn manifested their displeasure by throwby the farmers, some of whom till ing stones at the doors and denouncing the soil with skillfully turned homeus for refusing them admittance to a made instruments. The peaceful, old- "free"entertainment.

fashioned country folk live in quaint I have tried in my humble way to thatchedroofed cottages. But I must fulfill the commandment of our Masreturn to my story: A very picturesque ter: "Go ye therefore, and teach all

crowd attended the lecture in the little nations * * * In this work commining town of Caerphilly. fort is found in the words of Nephi:

The unemployment conditions here "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, are serious, but the local elders helped said unto my father: I will go and

one destitute miner by employing him do the things which the Lord hath to carry a sign, advertising the lecture, commanded me, for I know that the through the streets. He was thankful Lord giveth no commandment unto

for the relief, for he loyally announced the children of men, save he shall prethe event to everyone and attended the pare a way for them that they may lecture himself in the evening. accomplish the thing which he comMen sat through the meeting with mandeth them."

Temple Excursion from New Zealand

Soon after the arrival of President voyage of their forefathers who

John E., Magleby, in March, 1928, a trusted to the Controller of the eleclarion call was sent throughout the ments to bring them from the distant

New Zealand mission for Saints to "Hawaiki"(Hawaii) to this "Paraprepare to go to the Hawaiian temple dise of the Southern Cross."

in the ensuing year. This is the largest company of

This excursion was looked forward Maoris which has ever left New Zeato with eagerness, and, as the year land for this specific and sacred purrolled along, volunteers came to the pose. Others have gone before but

front and expressed their desire to go in smaller groups. However, those

to the house of the Lord to receive who have gone in the past have all their endowments and do vicarious returned with renewed spiritual vigor, work for their progenitors. to be pillars of strength in building

The invitation was extended to all up the cause of righteousness in the those who would put their own house midst of this distant branch of the in order and make themselves worthy house of Israel. They returned home

of the responsibility and enlightenreal "Mormons."

ment that would follow such an opEvidently the adversary anticipated portunity. this inevitable result, and he began his

as A company of twentyone souls work of opposition just as soon from the several districts made all necdefinite steps were taken in arrangessary preparation and departed from ing passports, etc., for their departure.

New Zealand in their "Modern Pressure was brought to bear by some

Canoe,"the S. S. Aorangi, on the 7th of the government officials, and had

of May. Thus they are retracing the there been any law or regulation on

Aug.. 1929866 IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Zealand Group bound for Hawaiian Temple

President Magleby is seen in the front row and from left to right. Sisters Himiona, Hoterene,

Mataira and Hapuku. Second row: Te Ara Paerata, Sisters Paerata, Duncan, Tengaio, Maru,

Cecelia Maru, Pomare, and Reweti. Third row: Rawhiti Paerata, William Duncan, Runga Tengaio,

Peneha Maru, Irapareta Pomare, George Jury. Back row: Elder Orrice L. Murdock, mission secretary.

Elders Elmer S. Palmer and William Smith, Wiremu Karauria and Elder William T. Ogden. Elders

Palmer and Ogden will be in charge of the company to Honolulu.

which to base their objections they ing of the people during their sojourn would have prevented the Maoris from in Honolulu as well as their safe return leaving New Zealand. to New Zealand.

When our people applied for passAnother obstacle in our way was an ports for the journey, they were met official demand that return tickets be by a request from the government, purchased before passports would be caused through some biased individissued, and at the same time the steamuals, to furnish $500.00 as a guarantee ship company advised us of a ruling

for their safe return to the Dominion. that no tickets would be given until

This regulation was unprecedented and passports were produced with an seemed preposterous, inasmuch as reAmerican vise on them. Through the

turn tickets had already been secured leniency of the steamship company we from the steamship company. It found it possible to break the lesser

necessitated our calling in legal aid. law but in so doing fulfilled the greatPresident Magleby interviewed the er. Thus the purposes of our Father

officials and finally got a hearing bein heaven were not frustrated.fore the prime minister who called a

thought it unfair that the libercabinet meeting to decide the issue. We

After eight hours of deliberation it ties of these people should be tampered was decided that the pecuniary guaranwith, and at the same time marveled at tee would not be required, but the the special interest taken in the welfare

Church was obliged to give a bond to of these "Maori Mormons"when so insure the comfort, feeding and lodgmany of the natives are suffering at

Aug., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 867

the hands of their oppressors and from We are very proud of these reprelack of sustenance. sentatives of our mission, and as they

However, we struggled over one journeyed to Hawaii for so worthy a barrier after another until our obpurpose we bid them Godspeed, a bon jective was reached. The last obstacle voyage and a safe return when they

to overcome was to pass the group have finished the work they have set through a special medical examination. out to do.

Our worries in this regard were soon We are sure that President Wadalleviated. The doctor from the health doups of the Hawaiian mission will

department declared them physically do everything in his power to make sound and the brightest and happiest their visit pleasant and instructive.

group of Maoris he had ever seen. The Would that the whole world could

"Word of Wisdom"was our theme in see them as they go, with sincere explaining this phenomenon. How hearts and faith in their righteous purgrateful we were to have the practical pose, and then judge whether or not

side of our religion shown in the this religion is bearing worthwhile brightness of the countenances of these fruits among their Murpeople.—O.

adherents! doch, mission secretary.

Joy Song

I thank Thee, O Lord, That Thou hast made My spirit free and unafraid To soar, a-wing, And soaring, sing.

I pray Thee, O Lord, That Thou shalt keep My spirit clean and pure and sweet.

To thus prolong My simple song.

I beseech Thee, Lord, When days are drear, And bleak despair is hov'ring near,

I may beguile Gloom with a smile.

I ask Thee, O Lord, My days to fill With smiles and songs of joy, until

My friends, though blue, Are smiling, too.

Sigurd, Utah IRVIN L. WARNOCK

is Accomplishing What Our Missionary Work

There is nothing stagnant about the in order to bring such a group to- "Mormon"people. A short time ago, gether? Even in many goodsized

on a Sunday evening in Salt Lake cities it would be impossible, but there

City, fourteen Church members met is hardly a village whose population is at the conclusion of a sacramental servmade up of "Mormons"where this ice. They were not all from the same experience could not rather easily be

ward, and their meeting was a someduplicated. It is perhaps not too

what casual one. The group was inmuch to say that, in proportion to

vited to the home of one of the party, population, there is no other comand all accepted the invitation. Their munity where one finds so many men

ages ran from nineteen to sixty years, and women who have visited farand five of them were unmarried. distant lands. Such a statement could

Quite by accident the conversation be emphatically made if wealth, too, turned upon sea travel, and before it were taken into consideration.

had proceeded very far, it was disThe educational value of such acovered that thirteen of the fourteen condition is worth a moment'spresent had been passengers on oceanthought. In the Church every memgoing vessels, traveling either eastward ber should be and most of them areor westward, from the United States.

active contributors to their fellowmen These people were not outstanding of their knowledge and experience, andbecause of their earthly possessions.

herein lies one of the important factorsIndeed, the most prosperous one presin the intellectual growth of the Latent would only be considered in comter-day Saints. A welltraveled peofortable circumstances, and some of ple will naturally become an intelligentthe number were having a serious

people, and this is particularly truestruggle to provide even the ordinary when the traveling is done not merely necessities of life for their families. for pleasure but in serious mood and The sum total of their travels had with a definite purpose in mind. Intaken them into nearly all parts of the this spirit the members of the ChurchUnited States, into Canada, the Pacific have always gone out. They have not Isles, New Zealand, Australia, the skimmed superficially over the surfaceHoly Land and almost every country of things, merely looking at a castle

in Europe. Several foreign languages here or a waterfall there, but have

were at their command. settled down in the country visited,

One lady had journeyed to Hawaii have studied the hearts as well as the to meet her husband, who was there language of the people and have come on business and who was anxious for back home with an intimate acquainher to see that beautiful land. The tance with the history, the language

other twelve voyagers had done their and habits of thought of those among traveling as a direct result of missionwhom they have spent their time.

ary calls. They know something, too, of the

In any other community in the art, the literature, social, economic, world, how much searching and careagricultural and industrial conditions ful selecting would have to be done of these countries.

Aug.. 1929 EDITOR'S TABLE 869

Of course it would be absurd to ment made concerning those who are claim that our missionaries absorb as faithful.

much knowledge as they should. Their "Great shall be their reward and

youth, if there were no other reasons, eternal shall be their glory. And to

would make so desirable a result them will I reveal all mysteries, yea, impossible, and regrettable carelessness all the hidden mysteries of my kingoften contributes to a loss of oppordom from days of old, and for ages to tunity, but these missionaries do obtain come, will I make known unto them much information, and some of them the good pleasure of my will conare real students. They return with cerning all things pertaining to my

the feeling that all they bring back kingdom. * * * And their wisdom

with them belongs to their community. shall be great, and their understanding

The Almighty works on natural reach to heaven; and before them the

principles, and one can see in the miswisdom of the wise shall perish, and sionary system of the Church a means the understanding of the prudent shall of bringing to fulfillment the statecome to naught."—C.

For Smoking Women to Think About

By Will H. Brown

A young woman passenger on a Los bacco propaganda that is flooding the

Angeles street car sat down next to a land for the purpose of inducing the plasterer and lit a cigarette. The laboryouth of America to take up cigarette

er, after taking one good look at her, smoking. Every woman should proarose and walked into another section test against this onslaught, in every

of the car, where he stood in the legal way possible. Officers everywhere

aisle, rather than have anyone misshould be called on to enforce the law judge him because he sat next to a against selling tobacco to minors.

smoking woman. Tobacco men do not hesitate to call

Many smoking women do not seem for government aid in their behalf.

to realize that the habit places them When the blackroot rot struck the among a certain class of women who tobacco fields of Kentucky and Virare not held in the highest esteem by ginia, the wail for help from the toself-respecting men. No selfrespect- bacco raisers brought government

agricultural experts to the scene in aing woman can afford to forget this hurry.important viewpoint of a vast army The loss of the entire tobacco cropof cleancut, cleanliving men. in the United States would be small

Women should not only protect compared to the loss the nation is sufthemselves but the race from the stain fering in the enslaving of boys and of tobacco upon their name or their girls to the tobacco habit, to the profit person. Parents in every state in the of greedy tobacco men in raising the

Union are calling out for help to proweed and in manufacturing it into tect their boys and girls from the tosmoking products.

A StoryBook Wedding Characters genteel child, born of vision and faith.

She was a delicate girl, and during the

Prince Era first few years, her life was all but

Princess Journal despaired of a time or two, but the

Prime Minister confidence and assurance of those about

Two Pages her pulled her through many crises,

Two Lords and she entered her adolescence full of

Two Ladiesin-waiting beauty and promise.

Two Flower Girls "The hero is a man strong and of

SETTING: A facsimile of the Imhigh principle, for he has overcome obprovement Era about 6x4 feet, also stacles and triumphed over hardships.

one of the Young Woman's Journal, "The two met and became fast same dimensions, sketched upon paper friends. They had much in common,

and placed upon a frame. One of the and their interests and congeniality

new Improvement Era (combined ever increased. For some time theirs

with the Young Woman's Journal) was a strictly platonic friendship; and

is on a frame, covalthough at one time ambitious friendsabout 8x5 feet ered by a wall curtain to be drawn laid plans to effect a union of the two, later. All three of these facsimiles they did not succeed. The heroine

are set upon the stage, (elevated upon was too young to know her own a platform if desired) the new Era mind. She still needed the shelter and

being placed in the center of the group. protection of home and loved ones.

A curtain hides them all from view. The hero was not yet properly appreCeremony: A crashing chord is ciative of the sterling qualities of the

played by the pianist and then to fairy lady, and in addition his finances were music comes tripping down the aisle, in no condition to warrant another reas lightly as if she were flying, a Fairy sponsibility.

godmother. She stops in front of "However, after some years had

the curtain, waves her wand and the passed, the hero and heroine reached curtains separate, revealing the facmaturity. The future looked bright

similes already described. to them, and suddenly they realized

The godmother again waves her that they were drawn together with wand and there appears a herald with an attraction stronger than either had a scroll in hand. To martial music he understood. They knew by intuition

marches to center position on stage, that their destinies were to be linked;

unfolds his scroll and reads as follows: and the hero, brave, noble and far-

"Hear Ye! Hear Ye! To all who sighted, proposed to the heroine

are here In the sweet, artistic and attractive. After a assembled—greetings!midst of the goings and comings, the maidenly delay, the proposal was acexcitement and activity of this great today is their wedding cepted—and

occasion, I bid you pause and give day.

ear to a tale which will renew in your "You are all invited guests, and souls youth and romance. It is a love we bid you make merry. May their

story which has been developed course of true love ever run smooth, through the years, gently and tenderly, and may we all live happily ever with only enough of discord to make after."

the harmony sweeter. As the herald finishes reading the

"The heroine of our story was a foregoing proclamation, the Fairy

Aug., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 871

godmother strikes her wand against and feelings, and give her consideration the facsimile of the Era, tearing it in your councils? (I do.) Do you

asunder, and there stands exposed to promise to share with her to the full view a Prince. She does the same to the worldly wealth that may accrue

the Journal and there appears a Prinfrom this union? To cleave unto her

cess. in sickness and in health, in prosperity

The godmother then goes to posiand adversity for better and for best?

tion at left lower corner of stage, and (I do.)

the herald to right lower corner. The "Princess Journal:

pianist begins the strains of "The "Do you desire of your own free

Wedding March"and there come will and choice to take Prince Era to from out the Era, the Prince, a Page, be your legal and lawful partner? (I

two Lords, and a Prime Minister. do.) If this union is consummated do

Simultaneously from out the Journal you promise to harken to his counsel there come a Princess, a Page, and and further with all your heart his two Ladiesin-waiting. They march every ambitious and rightful effort?

in grand processional and come to poTo think impersonally, to speak gently sition in semicircular form, the Prince but freely and work diligently for the and Princess in the center, a Page on furtherance of those things that pereither side of them, two Lords on the tain to your mutual betterment and right, two Ladies on the left, the Prime happiness? (I do.) To give unto

Minister center back (elevated) the him generously of all your gifts and

Fairy godmother at the exgraces in making beautiful and treme left and Herald at successful this union? (I do.)

extreme right. When they are "In consideration of these

in place, the wedding march desires and agreements exmusic stops and the Prime pressed before these witnesses

Minister speaks as follows: I do now, with great rejoicing,

"Prince r i n c e s s and with full authority of the Era—PJournal: This is a joyful day, King of Good Journalism, M. I. A. Monogramfor it brings to us, your pronounce you reONE—to

friends, the realization of the dream main so until time or circumstances we long have dream of doth you part. Bring forth the symcherished—a

the day when you two would stand bols of this union."

thus sweetly before us to be united. The Pages step to some convenient

"Such a union bids fair to outdisplace and pick up, from where they tance even the glowing promise of have been placed face downward, two your lovely childhood. halves of the M. I. A. monogram.

"And so in sympathetic accord with Each Page carries one half and, kneelthe hundred thousand and more who ing, presents it to the Prince and will rejoice and give glad acclaim over Princess who hold them high, look the proceedings of this day, I answer up for a moment and, standing side by your summons to solemnize and make side, join them together as the Prime binding this union. Minister fastens the stick into the

"Prince Era: grooves which bind the halves to-

"Do you desire of your own free gether.

will and choice to take Princess JourWhile this is being done the Pages, nal to be your legal and lawful partLords and Ladies kneel. The Prince

ner? (I do.) In the consummation and Princess also kneel at the conof this union do you promise to cherclusion of the binding of the halves.

ish her, to love her and deal gently The Fairy godmother, followed by with her at all times? To listen with the Herald, runs to the facsimile of

an understanding heart to her wishes the new Era and waves her wand.

and her desires; to respect her thoughts There is a crash of music, the Herald

Aug.. 1929872 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pulls the curtain from in front of the Application for a facsimile exposing the new cover deCHARTER SUBSCRIPTIONsign. Two Flower Girls appear in CERTIFICATEthe opening of the Era and Journal, -.....,,

Improvement Etaand throw flowers at the Prince and to the NEW isPrincess. The audience rises and sings Accompanying this application

for $2.00 for which"M. I. A. We Hail Thee."At the my cash payment

conclusion of the song the bridal party you will enter my subscription for one forms a processional and leaves the year to the NEW "Improvement

Era,"starting with the issue of Nostage. A group of Gleaners and M

Men distribute wedding cake and the vember, 1929.

following wedding announcement: It is understood that this entitles me

Mrs. Y. L. General Board anto become a CHARTER SUBnounces the marriage of her daughter SCRIBER to the new magazine

Miss Young Woman's Journal and (which combines the Improvement

Mr. Improvement Era on Saturday, Era and the Young Woman's Journal)

June the eighth, nineteen hundred and and that a special CHARTER SUBtwenty-nine. SCRIPTION CERTIFICATE will

At your home after November 1st, be mailed to me at the following ad1929. dress:

Following the foregoing ceremonial, Name there should be a "booster"talk for the new Era and an attempt made to Address obtain charter subscribers. An effective

means of doing this is to suggest that a wedding present be given the contracting parties in the form of a sub- r, Stakescription. On one page of the wedding

announcement, the following should Kindly make check payable to appear: The Improvement Era

Suggested Program for Conjoint M. I. A. Meeting

Sunday Evening, September 1, 1929

As was noted in the July number Young Ladies were to arrange it for the of the Era, the various departments of September meeting. Their detailed

the Y. M. M. I. A. were to furnish program will be found in the Young

this program for August, and the Woman's Journal for August.

No law is stronger than the public sentiment where it is to be enforced.

A universal feeling, whether well or ill founded, cannot be safely disregarded. A. Lincoln.

Winners of First Prize in Drama Contest, second Ward, Idaho Falls Stake

winners of First Prize Double Mixed Quartette, Sugar House Ward, Granite Stake.

Sitting, left to right: Tessie Johnston, accompanist; Walter Roberts, director; Florence P. Roberts.

Standing: Maxwell Olsen, Helen Chipman. Ralph Keddington, Helen Salzner, Malcolm Pike,

Verba Robinson. Edward Pike.

Winners of First Prize Orchestra Contest. Union Ward, East Jordan Stake.

First Prize Winners in June Contest. Ruel Walker, drams: Alvira Crittenden, piano; Don Nicol,

violin, (leader): Elden Boggus, saxophone; Dorothy Coomber, piano; Francis Forbush, cornet.

To Her

It isn't all sun in this cold old earth,

Neither is it all darkness drear;

It isn't all gloom, nor it isn't all mirth,

There's an autumn grey, But the month of MayIs a part of the selfsame year.

There are many dark spots in this soul of mine,

And my thoughts are not always pure;

But some of them still, dear, are big and fine;

My soul's not all gloss, Nor is it all dross, And my hopes and my faith are) sure.

My life's not all joy. nor is it all sad,

My dreams do not all come true.

it isn't all bad My heart's not all good, but

I am oft in the dark, Like a stormtossed bark, But I've one guiding star, dear, You.

Clifton, Idaho Orvid E. Howell

Tabernacle concerts to be broadorgan and receive explanations fromcasted.—"Ten million radio fans will the courteous men and women who

listen to the programs which are to be show them about. Roscoe W. Eardgiven each week, commencing Monday, ley, former bishop of the Third ward

July 15, by the Tabernacle choir in Salt Lake City, relates that he met and organ."This was the statement a man in Europe who had been in

made by A. V. Saxton, chief divimost countries of the world and who

sional engineer of the National Broadsaid he had found but one place where casting Company, who was in Salt he could not pay for the courtesies

Lake City recently to supervise arwhich were extended, that was the rangements for these concerts. Temple Block in Salt Lake City.

Hundreds of thousands of people have listened to the organ during the On June 29, Joseph W. Summerdaily recitals which have been given, hays, one of the veterans of the

and most of them have left the buildChurch, passed on to his reward.

ing and grounds with a better idea of Brother Summerhays was born Jan- "Mormonism"after listening to the uary 15, 1849, in Pemlico, Middlesoul-stirring music. It has reached sex, England. He was, therefore, in his

hearts which could not be touched by 81st year. His life was an intensely

a sermon. Doubtless these concerts, interesting one from the time he left

spread over a 30station network, will the London docks in the sailing vessel, affect similarly those who listen. The Caroline, which required five weeks

one great difference is that the number to reach New York, until the day of who hear will be many times multihis death. He drove three yoke of

plied. These programs will comoxen from the Missouri river to Salt

mence at 3 o'clock each Monday afterLake, arriving here October 1 1 noon. Through the mountains considerable

snow was encountered, the Indians

Change at the Bureau of Informawere unfriendly, and 37 members of the 4th of August, 1902, the party died from exposure and tion.—On

the "Bureau"was opened with Elder hardships. Many of the cattle died

Benjamin Goddard in charge, and he also, and this delayed the company remained with the Bureau until July and made their journey more difficult.

1 5 of this year, when he was honorBrother Summerhays, always an agably released and Elder John E. Hepgressive, forceful character, traveled

pier appointed to succeed him. The extensively throughout the United

missionary work on the Temple Block, States in carrying forward his business where hundreds of thousands of of hides, wool and furs, and was ever strangers from all parts of the world ready to lift his voice in explanation listen to the explanations given by the or defense of the restored Gospel. He

guides, is rated by Church authorities had a fervent testimony of the divine as a mission, with Levi Edgar Young, calling of the Prophet Joseph Smith of the First Council of Seventy, as and his successors, and nothing gave president. "I came here an enemy, I him greater joy than to give his reasons

go away a friend,"is frequently heard for the hope that was within him.

from people who visit the Bureau, Brother Summerhays had the privilege go through the buildings, listen to the of listening to the testimony of David

Aug., 1929876 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Whitmer and Martin Harris regarding Governor Fifth District Rotary Interthe Book of Mormon. He leaves a national. His standing in this worldlarge posterity, 39 children, 46 grandwide and popular organization will

children and 4 greatgrandchildren. aid him materially in reaching men of

Nearly all his children are gifted repute and power and gaining their musically, some of them outstandingly influence for him and for the cause so. Brother Summerhays has always he represents. An interesting bit of

been active in the stakes and wards history comes to mind in connection in which he has lived and for many with this change. In the spring of

years was a useful member of the Des1902, a large "Mormon"conference eret Sunday School General Board. was held in the assembly room of a

prominent hotel in Dresden. Germany.

Presidents Valentine and Kimball

New president for the Germanwere both present, as were also Prof.

Austrian P. KimLevi Edgar Young, exGovernor Chas. Mission.—Edward

ball, Tabernacle organist, has been R. Mabey and a large number of other

called to preside over the Germanmissionaries. About 600 people were

Austrian mission, to succeed Prescrowded into the hall, many pastors

Hyrum W. Valentine. These two among them. An intensely bitter

brethren were in this mission field spirit was present, and at times a together twentyseven years ago. Pres. personal encounter between missionValentine first arrived in the field in aries and their opponents seemed un1900 and labored nearly three years, avoidable. At the close of the meeting

during the latter part of this period a crowd of unfriendly people gathered serving as president of the Dresden in the street and threatened to mob district. Subsequently, from the bethe elders. It was not easy to restrain

ginning of 1 9 1 2 to the close of 1916, the young men. They had been

he presided over the SwissGerman cruelly abused, and their revered mission. During a large part of this leaders had been villified. On the other

time Germany was at war, and conhand, they had listened to burning ditions were such as to try men's souls. testimonies of the divinity of this

It would not have been easy to find work and felt, as one husky young in the entire Church two people better missionary expressed it, that they qualified to carry on the work in face "could whip the whole German of the difficulties of that period, than army."Pres. Kimball, upon his rewere Pres. Valentine and his heroic turn to Germany, will find a vastly

wife. different condition. This hotel has

In the fall of 1926, they again rebeen purchased by the Church and sponded to the call and went to the the first floor is used as mission headGerman-Austrian field, and have laquarters. All is peace now in the hall

bored there with signal success. For where these presidents once saw so

a number of years Pres. Valentine was riotous a time. Its walls are adorned

bishop of the Brigham City 3rd ward. with pictures of Church and mission

Pres. Kimball has been a prominent authorities, and the spirit which perfigure in musical and religious circles vades the chapels at home is found in

ever since his boyhood. For a numrich measure there.

ber of years he ras been an active member of the General Board of Sunday Schools. In addition to his muNew President of Netherlands Missical and religious activities, he has L. Kooyman, first counsion.—Frank

taken a prominent part in civic organiselor in the bishopric of the Nineteenth zations, having served as president of ward in Salt Lake City, has been the local Rotary Club for some time, chosen to preside over the Netherand last spring was elected 'District lands mission. He is to succeed Pres.

Aug., 1929 CHURCH EVENTS 877

John P. Lillywhite, who has been in 1929, the Moroni stake was organized.

the field since January, 1926. Pres. This stake was formed by taking five

Kooyman was a zealous missionary in wards, Chester, Fountain Green,

Holland, his native land, before emiMoroni West, Moroni East and Wales, grating to Utah in 1904. Although from the North Sanpete stake. James

he had never been in England or L. Nielson, of Fountain Green, formAmerica, he had acquired the English erly second counselor in the stake preslanguage so thoroughly that he was idency of the North Sanpete stake, was

able to translate for Pres. Heber J. made president of Moroni stake, with

Grant, then president of the European Ernest J. Johnson and Abram Livingmissions, and other speakers. Pres. ston as his counselors and with Carl

Lillywhite has now completed his Sophus Augason as stake clerk. Henry

third mission in the Netherlands, dur- C. Jacobs was selected to act as second

ing two of which he has presided. counselor in the North Sanpete stake

From February, 1905, to October, to fill the vacancy caused by the pro1907, he served as traveling elder. In motion of President Nielson.

July, 1920, he was set apart to preside over that mission and remained in the field until April, 1923, when he was President Nephi L. Morris released.

released. On this mission his wife acserving as president of the Salt—Aftercompanied him and endeared herself to Lake stake ever since its organization,

missionaries and members. In the more than twentyfive years ago, Pres.

early part of 1926, Pres. Lillywhite Nephi L. Morris was honorably resucceeded Pres. Chas. S. Hyde, who leased on June 16, 1929. Wilford A.

had succeeded him about three years Beesley, formerly second counselor in before. His wife and sons accomthe presidency of that stake, was

panied him on this mission. selected as president. He chose as his

* * * counselors John B. Matheson and

New Stake 16, Irvin S. Noal. Organized.—June

Prayer When first I glimpsed the beauty of prayer I saw it as a means of healing, and the Lord as the great and skillful physician.

I see it now in many a ladder, like the one of which Jacob ways—as

dreamed, reaching from earth to heaven, where angels go up and down and keep a better world in touch with ours.

I see it as a holy place within a temple, where one may go and seek counsel from the living source of truth and wisdom.

I see it as an oasis of clear water and cool shade beside the road of life, where one may pause and rest the bruised or troubled soul.

I see it as a fortress where one may find shelter for a while from strong and relentless enemies.

I see it as the armour that a knight dons each day before sallying forth to do deeds of manly valor, to right wrongs, and to succor the oppressed.

I see it as the handclasp between a dependent child and the loving Father who guides him. Floy L, Turner.

The Utah State Agricultural College

OPENS

Friday, September 20th

Freshmen Register Friday and Saturday,

September 20 and 21

Former Students Register Monday,

September 23

Classes Begin Tuesday, Sept. 24th

Courses are Offered in the Following

Schools:

Agriculture and Forestry Education

Arts and Science Engineering Commerce Home Economics

Write for a Catalogue and Further Information

Utah State Agricultural College

LOGAN, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What the country, as a Page 870 whole, has accomplished in inOutstanding Investcreased national efficiency is impossible of measurement. * * * ment OpportunityIn addition to elimination of

Tlie seasoned securities of Nathaniel waste, we have had the benefit Baldwin,\\. believeIncorporated,to be one ofrepresentthe bestwhatinof notable advance in science, vestment opportunites in the West.

improvement in methods of GridTheReceivingnew line, Set,includingDynamictheSpeakerScreen management and prohibition."andequipmentnew FilmwhichFonewe aretalkingmanufacturpicture

ing, make Baldwin leaders of the—President Hebert Hoover. field.

Write for Information "I have now lectured from New York to San Francisco NATHANIEL BALDWIN, since Christmas in nearly every INCORPORATED

State in the United States except 45 West So. Temple

in the southwest. Everywhere Salt Lake City, Utah

the splendid results of prohibiPlease send me information on the profit possibilities of Xnthaniel Baldtion are becoming more and win, Incorporated.

more plain. This country will

Namenever go back on it."Dr. W.

T. GrenfelL well known mis- A<!lress

sionary laborer.

Knocks out that Knock!

The new, highcompression motors, and motors choked with carbon, put new demands on motor fuel. Ordinary

gasolines won't do.

With Conoco Ethyl Gasoline in your tank, your motor performs at its best. Conoco Ethyl results in less gearshifting, a cooler running motor and more power with

extra mileage.

Any motor steps into the highcompression class with

Conoco Ethyl gasoline. But

All red gasolines are not Conoco Ethyl. To be sure

of quality, look for the Conoco Ethyl sign.

Continental Oil Company

Producers and Refiners of Conoco Products

IVHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thousands

of Sunday School workers know how to

Save Time

They use

The Juvenile

Instructor 67 East South Temple Street $1.50 per year

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns'21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

A girl and a car are much alike. A good paint job conceals the years, but

the lines tell the story. San Francisco Chronicle.

It is perfectly all right for a woman to want to hold on to her youth, but she should not do it while he is driving. Louisville Times.

Wanted by a bachelor of middle correspond with a lady or age—To

widow of same age, with idea in mind of entering poultry business. Ad in a

Montana paper.

Patient: "Doctor, what are my chances?"Doctor—"Oh, pretty good, but I wouldn't start reading any continued

stories."Mountain States Monitor.

Announcement

The Fall Quarter at Brigham Young University Will Begin SEPTEMBER SIXTEENTH Foundation Courses leading to all the professions are offered by

Science, College a strong Faculty in Five Colleges—College of Applied

of Arts and Sciences, College of Commerce, College of Education, and

College of Fine Arts.

Member of the Association of American Universities

If you haven't received your 192930 catalogue you may obtain one by

Addressing:

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the hlsheNt cIbhk of advertising'We recommend to our itr.-nliTH the linns and u<'<><l* found In our advertising pace*

\n\ lit ri>i;iis IN THIS ISSUE

Agricultural College of Utah Elias Morris & Sons

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Fleischmann's Yeast

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. Juvenile Instructor

Boyd Park Jewelry Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Brigham Young University L. D. S. Business College

Continental Oil Co. Nathaniel Baldwin, Inc.

DaynesBecbe Music Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Ueseret Book Store University of Utah

Deseret News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Dinwcodey Furniture Co. Zlon's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

If, as a writer suggests, women's sentiments are expressed by their clothes, they appear to be less sentimental than formerly. Florence Herald.

Rosalie believes there has been little change in the art of lovemaking since historic times.

"I've just read,"she said, "of a Greek maiden who sat up and listened to a lyre all night."Mountain States Monitor.

3fC -JC 3)C 2JC The celebrated soprano was in the middle of her number when Johnny noticed the orchestra leader.

"What does that man keep hitting at her for?"he asked his mother.

"He's not hitting at her,"replied Mother. "Be quiet."

"Well, then, why does she keep hollering?"Mountain States Monitor.

Wedding Announcements

and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake Citv

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The State of Florida should be prompted to think seriously by the beating and intimidation of James

Bickers, attorney, at St. Petersburg,

Fla. Mr. Bickers, who had been active against the gambers, was abducted, beaten and otherwise injured,

ordered to cease the practice of law and leave the state. The policy of

some municipalities in permitting We Specialize in making np violation of the state gambling laws Stage Curtains and has brought to Florida an element of

Draperies the underworld of which the state

Modern and np to the Minute.

cannot be rid without a rightabout-

Our work shop ia equipped with the very face as to law enforcement. Whether

latest appliances.

the laws are good or not, Florida

Call at Z. C. M. I.people have a right to make such laws

Drapery Departmentas they see fit and they have a right

Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate to enforce those laws without regard FREE OF CHARGE to the wishes of gamblers or gunmen.

LET'S GO TO KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat 9 '

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments We Pack or Full Box Lunches Course Dinners for Outings foods Travel Lunches—Homelike

prepared by women cooks. 'Gems of Good Cookery"

ICE CO. KEELEY CREAM

Sa State 'Yfilliers CandyDept. 55 sdAtain - 160 SaMain 260

5 Popular Stores

ll'HFN WKITIMC. TD A DV F PT<P'7? C PTFAF MFMTIDV TUP 1MPRDVPMPNT PRA

There is One Safe Guide to Diamond Values to the people of Utah since 1862 it is the name Boyd Park—Jewelers

and Up $50.00—$75.00—$100.00

Tune in on K. S. L. every Wednesday - - BOYD PARK

evening and hear the interesting talks vJFEWELERS 1/ on Diamond values by Boyd Park. K MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

It costs no more to buy here

With some autoists the turnover is more costly than the upkeep Florida

TimesUnion.

3|C JfC 3(C JfC Jones—"What is the matter with that physical wreck over there? Has he

had the flu?"Smith—"No, but he did everything people told him would keep it

off."Liverpool Post.

"Darling,"he murmured, "do marry me. I'm not rich or handsome like

Percy Brown. And I haven't a big car and a mansion and a wellstocked cellar

like Percy. But I love you better than life itself."

"And I love you too, dear. Er, who is this Percy Brown?"Masonic

Craftsman.

"Back to the Homer'

THERE IS A REASON

"Back to the Home"—the

less than the President of the country—sponsored by none slogan that's ringing round the

United States himself, is his expressed and forceful support of the great Better Homes Movement, and supplemented by the great leaders of national thought throughout the length and breadthHome—theof theplaceland.whereIt thereis a trend in a safe and sane direction.

place of refuge and retreat, after the strenuous daily nation—the is rest, relaxation, comfort, rejuvelife of present times. The better our homes, the greater our recuperative possibilities.

73 Years of Home Furnishing Experience and Continuous

Growth.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S*""GOOD FURNITURE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What's a Vacation Without Books?

M. I. A. Folks can get a lot of Profitable Pleasure this

Summer by Reading the Books Selected for the 192930 READING COURSE

Doctrine and Covenants $1.00

Life of Karl G. Maeser 1.50

The Book That Nobody Knows 1.00

A Lantern in Her Hand 2.00

The Southerner 1.00

Three Points of Honor 2.50

A Dove in t!*ie Eagle's Nest 1.25

The Dranwj (A Magazine) Subscription of Eight Numbers 3.00

These books will be sent postpaid if the money comes with yc-U.>*

the orderC /&m& Sk?

Send Your Order Now,o the JljJjJI > Vi*SHiDeseret Book Company,, - Member of the 44 East On South Temple American Booksellers'

P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah Look for this Emblem

to Health Eating Their Way Famous physicians here and abroad are agreed that most of onr common ailments are due to constipation. To remove this fundamental unhealthy condition they recommend a simple, natural food—fresh Yeast.

Three cakes of Fleischmann's fresh Yeast eaten regularly every day, before or between meals, will aid in regaining vigorous, radiant benlth.

Thousands are following the doctor's advice and are eating Yeast for health.

And Fleischmann's nationwide advertising is sending them to the grocer for their

Yeast. Grocers who are identifying themselves with this advertising are reaping

big profits. Your Fleischmann man will be glad to help you get the full benefit

from it, too.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST SERVICE

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town*'UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

READ ABOUT NEW BALDWIN SCREEN GRID RADIO. PAGE 879

"For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaces"Use BENNETT'S "Property Life Insurance"PAINT PRODUCTS Buy them from your local dealer

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I. FactoryMade

MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS WM For men, youths, boys and children.

9-oz. CopperRiveted

/inWAIST OVERALLS For men and boys. Wear

'em and let 'er buck.

Guaranteed for Quality, Fit and Service

ALLOVERS and PLAY SUITS for Children

ERA OF IMPROVEMENT

The Beneficial has Played a Prominent Part in Life Insurance Development by

Inaugurating a New Plan PARTICIPATING INSURANCE AT LOW NONPARTICIPATING RATES All Beneficial Policyholders Share In the Net Earnings of the Company Any Beneficial Representative Will Advise You on Any Insurance Problem—Without Obligation

Beneficial Life Insurance Co* Home Office Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, Gen. Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA