You Will Enjoy Summer School LEADERSHIP WEEK

June 1114 At Brigham Young University FIRST TERM '". 'n < ft June 18July 20 SL

J:.< & f5 SECOND TERM

St r**t *Am4HMk. July 25Aug. 24

.--*—.:j.--"- -; - f''j -gtitr,

Mfe U4!

J"- 1 &V'.% ftsi*,

uAjt, /'SA fr,:+&&EBm I HH

SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES

FOR YOU AT BYU WORKSHOPS Business Management Workshop Teachers Cooperating Workshop Earn Valuable University Credits for Counseling Laymen Economic Workshop High School Publications Workshop

High Uinta Adventure Hill Pageant Cumorah At a Scenic, Modern Campus

Development Symposium Human Human Movement—Analysis, Application and

Teaching Workshop Distinguished faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

Library Science Workshop resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Nurses Workshop Physical Education Workshop for Elementary Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

Teachers fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Printmaking Workshop Materials Culture—Summerlong series of concerts brings the finest artists Programmed

Reading Workshop of music, drama and dance to the BYU campus.

Sculpture Workshop Full Recreation—of outings, dances, program the athletics and

Workshop in Special Education of Mentally scenic nearby Wasatch recreational provide Mountains outlets. Retarded

The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of a lifetime. CLINICS

Athletic Clinic for Boys Leadership—Opportunity for participation in student government

Arts and Crafts for Children helps develop leadership qualities.

Children's Dance Classes Advancement Opportunities—Many students now finish college in Clinic Cosmetology

Genealogical Clinic less than four years by taking advantage of Summer School.

Reading Better and Faster Teachers will find many special helps for certification and outClinic Sales

Youth Clinic for Boys standing workshops and clinics for advancement.

INSTITUTES AND CONFERENCES For free Summer School catalog, write Books for Children

Institute German Language Summer School Dean, Brigham Young University,

Living in Middle and Later Years

Seminar in Educational Leadership Provo, Utah

From Supreme Bakers new,unique SUPREME

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. PECAN CRISP

Fast Fillings

Dental drills of the air turbine type now go as fast as 260,000 revolutions to the minute and run on air bearings.

Reduction of Accidents

British experience on automobileaccidents has led to resurfacing of Pecan short lengths of road which are thescene of many accidents and whose iw Cr/spi friction is poor. This has resulted llfiuftue (?ecan WaU

in a saving of 700 accidents each >* year at a cost of onetenth the economic loss of the accidents. Under

British conditions motorcycles are Try delicious, new Supreme Pecan Crisp! It's not a cookie, not a

about ten times more likely to be cracker... it's a dainty, flaky wafer, topped with tender pecans.

involved in personinjury skidding accidents than are cars. Not too sweet, just sweet enough, Supreme Pecan Crisp wafers are

delicious with breakfast, snack and dessert foods.

They're featured at your grocer's now... in blue and white gingham

packages, with sealed inner packettes for freshness. Try 'em...

you'll like Supreme Pecan Crisp.

ALSO... stock up on Supreme Saltine Crackers... the thinnest,

crispest, best tasting saltine crackers you've ever eaten!

%":.::.The Sensitive Eye J!$mm,

Dr. M. H. Pirenne of Oxford University, England, has pointed out

that the eye is such a sensitive receiver for light that the mechanical energy to lift a pea one inch would, if converted into light, be sufficient to show a faint light signal to all the men who have ever lived. The experiments show that the quantity of SUPREME

light energy just sufficient to be seen

is smallest case of a brief in the flash SUPREME BAKERS of greenof light of about quanta 100 light for a darkadapted eye. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

Denver and Salt Lake City

APRIL 1962 217 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for April 1962 Volume 65. Number 4

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Resurrection, President David O. McKay 228

Your Question: Was the Fall of Adam Necessary?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 230

The Church Moves On, 220; The Era and the General Conferences, 222; Melchizedek Priesthood, 284; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 286. ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Photographs

Thomas S. Ferguson, 233234

Special Features BrighamMax Tharpe,Young249University, 246

Eldon Linschoten, 286 Gold Plates and the Book of Mormon, Thomas Stuart Ferguson.232 Art

PenPal Convert 235 Virginia Sargent, 240241 "Ye Shall Know the Truth,"David H. Yarn, Jr 236 Era of Youth Art

J. Hatton Carpenter, Genealogist 244 Dave Burton

Battle of the Wits, Reed H. Blake. 246 All other art, Ralph Reynolds Studio

Thou Shalt Love Thyself, Lowell L. Bennion 248

The Whereabouts of the Whitmer Log Home, Carter E. Grant 250

The Dead Sea Scrolls 252 THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 256257

This Is Our Promised Valley, Maxine Thomason 257

Why Are They Not Chosen? Marion D. Hanks 260

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 264, 266, 272

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 217; These Times: Life in the United States,

G. Homer Durham, 224; Letters and Reports, 226.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Wake Up, It's Spring! 288

From Garden to Salad Bowl, Lucille }. Goodyear 291

The Last Word...1 296

Stories, Poetry

The Future at Stake, Ruth Hazel 240

Poetry 231, 243, 266, 271, 280, 283, 292, 294

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah THE COVER section a gold plate from A David O. Richabd L. and Editors; Evans, McKay Doyle L. Green, Managing C. Associate Josephson, Maeba EditorManaging Albebt L Zobeix, recently in discovered old Editor; Research Patricia Middleton, Cabteb E. Grant, Stephan, Blake, H. Editorial ReedEditor; Associates; Florence Pinnock Today's FamiluJr

Editor; Persia Iran). (presentday Hanks, Marion D. Era The Editor; Elaine Youth JudithCannon, of Era Youth The of Editor; Associate Direction: Art Ralph Studio. ReynoldsB.

Junius Jackson, G. M. Stuart Photograph S. Durham, Harris, Franklin Homer Thomas by Nibley, Sidney Sperry, Jr., B. Huch Contributing Editors.

T. Joseph Bentley, General S. Manager; also Ferguson. Florence See Associate Jacobsen, "Gold General Manager; F. Scott, Verl Business Manager; A. Snarr, Acting Glen Business and Subscription Manager Director; Evans, Thayer Advertising Director. Plates of the and Book Mormon"

beginning on page 232.

Copyright Inc., by Funds, Mutual 1962 published and by the Mutual Associations Improvement of the of Church Christ of Latterday Jesus Saints. All rights

reserved. Subscription price in year, $3.00 a advance; foreign subscriptions, in $3.50 a year, advance; single for 35c special copy, issues. except

Entered the Post Office, Salt City, Lake as secondclass Utah matter. for Acceptance mailing at special rate of postage for in section provided 1103. Act

or 1917, Octoberat authorized 2, 1918. July

is Improvement The Era not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts contributions. but welcomes for are paid Manuscripts at the rate on acceptance of 2c a word and must be accompanied sufficient by for postage delivery return. and

is Thirty days'notice required for of address. change ordering a change, When please a recent include address issue slip from of the magazine. Address lithographed Cover changes cannot be unless the old made address as the well as included. new one is by Deseret News Press.in full color

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AllisChalmers "BIG 3"Crawlers

CUT YOUR FARMING COSTS 3 WAYS!

AllisChalmers 3-way efficiency provides the economy and dependability you want in crawler power: HD16

1. Fuel savings up to 27% over engines of comparable size.

at the drawbar, 2. track All the

Oillbs. pull. stays on the ground when under load—on the with125 28,743HP level and on hills!

3. Transmission and doublereduction final drive gear speed ranges type steering clutches and

are matched to the job! brakes, power steering

give you the greatest ease and comfort in operation.

Big 16000 engine delivers 148 net engine HP.

HD11 77 HP at the drawbar, with 20,468 lbs. pull. Power steering and big, roomy

deck provide allday riding comfort operators like.

The 10000 engine produces 99 net engine HP.

HD-6 52 HP at the drawbar, with 12,636 lbs. pull. Big

torque buildup in 6000 engine enables the HD-6 to work a gear faster and "hang on to the load"on big drawbar jobs. Net engine HP is 66.5.

Let your AllisChalmers dealer the superior dependyou show ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE I, WISCONSIN ability, performance and ease of maintenance in AllisChal- mers crawler tractors. ALLISCHALMERS

APRIL 1962 219

Does your child know why a flower pot has a hole in the bottom? (Do you?) The Church

Moves On

February 1962

Pearl Harbor Stake was formed from parts of Oahu ( Hawaii

Stake with Elder George Q. Cannon sustained as its president and Elders George Edward Leavitt and Fred K. Ellis

as his counselors. President Cannon was serving as second counselor to President Edward L. Clissold of Oahu Stake. Elder Kay

J. Andersen was sustained as second counselor in the Oahu Stake

succeeding President Cannon. Pearl Harbor Stake, the 348th such

unit of the Church now functioning, was created under the direction of President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency. Ten missionThe Book of Knowledge ariesOne, arrivedElder Georgein whatQ. isCannon,now calledlaterthea memberHawaiianof Islandsthe Firstin Presi1850.

dency, is the grandfather and namesake of the president of Pearl has the answer! Stake. Harbor

dull, dry statisAll the answers! Not

tical answers, but bright, lively, interElder Leonard C. Beckstead sustained as president of Riveresting facts about the whole bursting ton (Utah) Stake succeeding President John H. Berrett.

wonder of life—science, art, literaCounselors to President Beckstead are Elders Merrill E.

ture, history, geography, how to make Worsley and Elias C. Butterfield. Both President Beckstead and

things. reads on and do Your childand as counselors to Berrett. President served Elder Worsley

.. behe has to, but not becauseon. as sustained Elder president L. Brent Goates of Emigration

to! sparkling he wants Eachcause (Salt City) Stake succeeding President Lake Wilburn C. West who link of information asubject becomes called as president of the Eastern States Mission. has been Susof knowledge. chain Bestin an endless

of all, he learns without even knowing tained as counselors to President Goates are Elders Gerald L. Ericksen and LeRoy S. Howell. President Goates and Elder Walterhe is learning. M. Home were serving as counselors to President West.

SEE FOR YOURSELF. SEND FOR THE FREE

"MINIATURE"BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Milton W. Moody as president of the Rarotonga MissionThis free 24 page full color booklet succeeding President Joseph R. Reeder. President Moodycontains actual pages of science, hishas been the seminary principal at Delta, Utah, for twentyeighttory, art, stories, quizzes, things to

make and do and other informative years. He has been a member of the Deseret Stake presidency,

and entertaining features taken dihigh council, and has served on the stake Aaronic Priesthood rectly from The Book of Knowledge committee. As a young man he filled a mission in New Zealand.

itself. Give it to your child and see With him to his new field of labor will go his wife, Mrs. Inez

how eagerly he reads it. Send for it Snow Moody. The couple have six grown children. The Rarotonga

today. It's free and it's wonderful! Mission in the Pacific was organized sometime after the end of

World War II.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of ElderTHE BOOK OF Ernest LeRoy Hatch, a medical doctor of Colonia Juarez, Mexico, to preside over the Mexican Mission, succeeding President Harvey

Taylor. President served in H. Hatch Mission the Mexican beKNOWLEDGE opens the door to success in 1932, ginning the Spanish speaking people among of Laredo,

FREE 24 PAGE FULL COLOR BOOKLET Texas, and Los Angeles, as missionaries were not then permitted in six Mexico. a received 1934 months'he to In June permit Mexico THE KNOWLEDGEInc. GrolierBOOK SocietyOFI The City the in to organize city. capital the program 575 Lexington obtained Avenue, MIA New York 22, N. Y. He

Please send me the color booklet described above. his medical training in Mexico City and has practised in Colonia

There are—-—children in my family, ages - Juarezsuperintendentfor a numberand asof a yearsmemberwhereof hethehasJuarezservedWardas stakebishopric.MIA

Name Mrs. Marza Lunt Hatch, his wife, and five of their seven children

Addresswill accompany him to his mission assignment in Mexico City. The

two older children will join their parents after completing the year's

City -Zonestudy at Juarez Stake Academy.

County- -State-

A publication of Grolier Inc. 1962, Grolier Inc.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ORTY YEARS AMONG THE VIDIANS By Daniel W. Jones

Here is fastpaced, thrilling narrative of the author's exciting experiences during the turbulent years when the red man ruled the West with violence and fear. A true story, this engrossing

account is filled with suspense and drama, courage and daring, history and tradition. An inspiring and

faithpromoting volume reflecting the fervor and zeal of a stalwart of the Church as he carried the gospel to the Indians.

$3.75

THUE and Terrific!

By Albert R. Lyman

Just as the title hints, here are the exciting stories and exploits of dozens of famous "bad men"of the old west, told as they played a part in the settling of the San Juan frontier. Every member

of the church will thrill to the daring of men like

Jacob Hamblin as he faced these indians and outlaws; you'll find incredible the hardships of

the rugged band that conquered HoleIn TheRock; you'll marvel at the determined stand of

courageous women as they accompanied their men into the new frontier. Inspiring.

$2.95

OLIVER COWDERY, SECOND.ELDER & SCRIBE

By Stanley R. Gunn

Now, at long last, the entire membership of the church can know the fascinating story of Oliver

Cowdery: his intimate, personal feelings, his association with the Prophet, his own account of

the translating of the Book of Mormon, restoration of the Priesthood, and organizing of the

Church; little known facts about his life white

out of the Church, how he rejoined, and his last days on earth. Here is moving drama skillfully

portrayed against an authentic historical background, giving a keen insight into his eventful life.

Destined to be the big book of the year.

Bookcraft Publishing Company 4-62 1186 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Please send me the books circled below for which

Bookwise buyers wisely look to Bookcraft i enclose my check or money order for for Spiritual Classics. Order from your near- $

est Bookcraft Dealer or use the handy 1 2 3 coupon provided.

Name,....

Address '

City...... State

APRIL 1962 221.

QUICK

EASTER The Era and the BUNS General Conferences

April general conference 1942—Twelve, LeGrand Richards, the Prethat was the beginning milestone of siding Bishop; and Richard L. Evans

the printing of the General Authoriwas a member of the First Council ties'sermons in The Improvement of the Seventy; George Q. Morris

Era. This April the Era will be at was general superintendent, YMMIA;

work assisting the First Presidency's Howard W. Hunter, a ward bishop;

A New Twist to the addressesoffice in preparingof the Aprilfor printing1962 conthe andSundayGordonSchoolB. generalHinckleyboard.was on the

that reported In April 1942 it was will bethe Era be Traditional Easter Bun ference—and the members 892,080 had Church of score years ginning our second

Even the busiest homemaker has time of this Church service. and that 2,253 longterm missionaries

... this for Easter novelty a quick and fields in the Zion were on from April a dark world 1942—it was version of the oldtime easy modern 1941. 31, December the of nations of the with many Girl, Easter bun. with Clabber Made the started recording So the Era in actively war. engaging earth are they tender, mouthmelting and

sweet. Civilian travel in the United States addresses, with but one rule in

faithfully the reproduce mind—to since Pearl curtailed Harbeen had recipe The it as apchecked sermon and was previous the December. bor cups sifted allpurpose 2 flour speaker. the the Over proved by of the general conference teaspoons The Clabber Girl Baking 2 Y

the meetings years held Powder were the This 1942 war from Church? May

1 teaspoon ground cinnamon in Hall sometimes the and Assembly Era: 1 allspice teaspoon ground in of the an upper room Salt Lake

salt teaspoon of sessions general the "... the Yi Yt cup currants

2 teaspoons sugar 1 egg conference, this April, because of Temple, and after the war returned shortening cup milk familiar setting. to the }4 cup Tabernacle to the conditions incident war, were -milk glaze for andY> of the the addresses General Always of to the the not open membership Sift together, spices, Baking Powder, in the Authorities Era, appeared with five as whole. Church about a Only salt sugar. in shortening and and Cut illustrations: suitable signature the sessions, to the invited hundred were currants. Beat milk together egg and his wife; or speaker; of the he and

to ingredients. stake presidencies the including add dry and and Knead

gently for Yi minute on lightly floured General Authorities of the Church."photographs or drawings of scenes

Square. on Temple in. off in diameter Break board. Y-i in held were the AsThe sessions our begins second the Era balls. As into pieces with formed Brush

Hall, it having been deemed 450 in to of 15 sembly ad12 milk. Bake years these recording oven twenty

minutes. While warm, apply sugar wise to close the Tabernacle for the dresses many things have changed:

icing in form of cross. duration of the war. The daytime a new pulpit and enlarged organ are

meetings had been broadcast by at the Tabernacle; radio, television,

KSL. are utilized networks and directwire It's the BALANCE

the President Heber J. Grant was instead of a single radio station;

that Counts.. President of the Church, his counvoices and personalities of the Brethselors Presidents were as leadership Reuben ren changed have new

in It's baking of ingredients the balance Clark, Jr., and David O.J. McKay. offices; called to those high has been action. its leavening that governs powder

Only when these are scientifically baK Elder Harold B. Lee was the junior the Era is printed on new, highanced can you be sure of uniform action member of the Twelve. speed presses; but the gospel mesthat final, balplus in the mixing bowl

in Apparently there was no Church sages are basically the same; they fluffy texture rise to light and anced

the oven. directory printed in wartime 1942. are the words that will lead to life

The 1941 directory reflects some ineternal and salvation.

Balanced Double Action terestingship. HenrydetailsD. ofMoyleChurchwas leaderchair- thenticWhat doctrinala marvelousdiscussionslibrary oftheseaumeans Better Baking! manchurchof welfarethe generalplan. committee,Hugh B. EraGeneralto beAuthoritiessent intohavethe givenhomes theof

Brown was not listed, having been Latterday Saints throughout the recently as released president of the world... Exclusively CLABBER.

British Mission; Spencer April next twenty years—the KimThe W. as the known

ball Ezra Taft and conference? Benson were 1982 Era would The

baking powder stake presidents; Mark E. Petersen like to record those messages, too,

with the and Delbert L. Stapley were counat that time. We hope to be there,

,. "'Double acting, Balanced selors in stake presidencies; Marion rendering that service that has been

G. Romney was an Assistant to the our privilege since April 1942.

Double Action!

Hulman and Company, Terre Haute, Indiana

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOURS ABSOLUTELY FREE!

A TREASURE YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN WILL LOVE!

Here's the book of Bible stories you've been looking for.

Hundreds of beautifully told stories from the Old and New

Testaments, each richly illustrated. Hundreds of fascinating

of fullcolor paintings children scores your and: drawings 00 Bcwl life will love. its pages, prophets On come to and the

scriptures really live, giving your children a rich appreciation and new understanding of the Gospel.

Regular value $6.95

by 3-ttaIoV

Limited Off you tofromdemonstratemissing thehowparticularmembershipmembershipbooksinin thetheyou LDSwantBooksto readClub... ca

if you agree to buy as few as one book every three months. With every 4 books you accept,

you receive a fifth book of your choice free... a savings of 20%.

TO RECEIVE "BIBLE STORIES"FREE... MAIL COUPON TODAYI 4-62

Inc. Books Club, LDS

1186 South Main Choose your first selection Box 400Salt Lake City 10, Utah from this list of Choice Books

Please enroll me as a new member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. and send me postpaid the book Jesus the Christ.$3.75

checked at the right as my first selection for which I enclose the regular price shown. I understand by James A. Talmage

that I will receive "Bible Stories"as my free gift for joining now. Forthcoming selections and

alternates will be described to me in a monthly advance bulletin and I may decline any book simply L.D.S. Reference Encyclopedia $5.00

by returning the printed form always provided. I agree to buy as few as one book every three by Melvin R. Brooks

months during the next 12 months and I may resign anytime thereafter. I will receive a BONUS

book for very four additional books I accept. My check or money order for $ is enclosed. byDoctrineDr. Sidney& CovenantsB. SperryCompendium $5.95

Doctrines of Salvation by Joseph Fielding Smith

.$3.50.$3.50 $3.50

APRIL 1962 223 THESE TIMES

LETTERPRESS

PRESERVING

YOUR PRIDE IN CRAFTSMANSHIP

Perfect photoengraving plates time after time can be achieved only with craftsmen entire time whose and Life in the skills are to devoted letterpress plates. United States

'ROSE ENGRAVING CO. BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

For $3.50 anyone can buy a copy in the west. In 1790 there were 4.5

of the 82nd annual edition of the people to each square mile. Today's

Statistical Abstract of the United average is 60. But in the west, there

A TOTAL ELECTRIC States (1961), issued by the Bureau were only 16 to each square mile, of the Census and for sale by 100 in California, 2.6 in Nevada.

the Superintendent of Documents, Even more room can be found in

Washington, DC. In its 1,037 pages Alaska where there is a square mile

can be seen aspects of life in the for every fraction (0.4) of a person.

United States of America as disIn the District of Columbia 12,523 closed by the census of 1960 and persons occupied each square mile.

related data. New Jersey and Rhode Island were

Including the new states of Hathe most crowded states with 806.7

waii and Alaska, there were 183,- and 812.4 respectively. (Utah 10.8.)

285,009 people in 1960, largely clusWomen looking for husbands tered in metropolitan areas. Within might consider Alaska and Hawaii

the corporate limits of New York, where there are 145.7 and 137.6 men

NY, were 7,781,984 people. Other for every 100 women. In the nation

millions live beyond the city boundas a whole the 1960 count showed aries, the nation's largest center of 90,991,687 women and 88,331,494 population. But the country conmen. Women outnumber men in

tinued to move west. The center of New England and the Atlantic

national population since 1790 has states. Massachusetts contains only

moved steadily west from Maryland. 95 men for every 100 women. The

By 1940 it was in Indiana. The line Mountain and Pacific states, howin 1960 was bending southwest toever, have more men than women,

A wonderful new wardsIllinois,St.MarionLouis, County.located in ThesouthernconMontana107.4 and leading106.4, with(116.7Wyomingand 114.8)and

way to live tinued growth of Los Angeles, plus the ratio.

the rapid rise of such centers as The median age of all these peoHouston (7th), Dallas (14th), and ple is 29.5 years. If, in 1960, you

Phoenix (29th) in the southwest, were in the age brackets between was tending to skew the trend line 20 and 29, there were fewer of you

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. in their direction. than were found in those ages in

Buy now from your deofor But there is still room—especially 1950, largely a result of the low

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Attention: WARD Officers

birthrates in the 1930's. The United place (237,292), followed by the

States'population expanded at a Filipinos (176,310).

lower rate, 19301940, than in any To educate all these people, the other decennial period in our nastate of Alaska was spending the tional history. If you were born in most for each pupil in the public POST CARD DUPLICATORADDRESSER

that decade, you are in short supply! school, $524 for every enrolee, and Why spend hours with pen or phone conIf you take full advantage of your Mississippi the least, $174. Making tacting Ward members. Discover the conopportunities, your chances for high $10,000 per year or more income, venience of postcards and the DUPLICARD.

duplicating both yet It does addressing and families, of all 12.2 percent professional attainment, leaderwerepay, US

less costs cards. than of post pack a 1.4 in responsibilitiesship with only positions, and compared 1945. In Printsit several colors at once, uses no messy

are greater than your fellow beings 1944 17 percent of the nation's famink. Unconditionally guaranteed. Send only

born before 1930 and since 1945. If ilies received a cash income of $5.00 to DUPLICARD

you haven't risen to the occasion, $1,000 each year or less. By 1959 that Dept. C, P. O. Box 11

however, you'd better get moving, had been reduced to 5.1 percent. Salt Lake City 10, Utah

because the 194050 babies are comThe most recent data on religious ing along rapidly now, entering their bodies and church membership (for twenties, getting their MBA's, PhD's, 1959) represents information availand making other preparation—and able from the various organizations,

by 1965 they'll be entering the labor and reflects a variety of statistical market in greater quantities. By bases; for example, the Roman Cath1970 college graduates may have to olics count all baptized persons indo as babies born before 1930 had cluding infants, whereas Protestant

to do, namely, look for jobs, and not bodies, in the main, exclude infants, merely wait for interviews at the and their figures reflect only memcollege placement office, then take bers 13 years of age or older. The

the best offer, as many graduates Roman Catholics reported 40,871,- have been privileged to do since 000 out of a total of 112,227,000 US 1950. church memberships reported. The

To avoid the hazards of murder Methodist Church reported 9,815,- and nonnegligent manslaughter, the 000; the Southern Baptist ConvenBridal Gowns Suitable

latest findings of the census indicate tion, 9,485,000; Jewish Congregathat New England could be the pretions, 5,900,000; National Baptist for Temple Marriages

ferred section of the country, with Convention, USA, Inc., 5,000,000;

constitute to causes these 1.3 deaths with the fromonly Roman Catholics, in largest listed rfelal entities 1959.for people the five each 100,000

Vermont in 1959 had fewest, 0.5 (Table 39, pp. 4243). Latterday

deaths for each 100,000. Crowded Saints showed 1,458,000 for the

Rhode Island was next with 0.9. The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterSouth Atlantic region showed the day Saints, and 152,000 for the Re38 South Main Salt Lake City

highest ratio in this category, 9.2 organized Church of Jesus Christ of

murders for each 100,000, with GeorLatter Day Saints. The Presbyterian

gia's 13.4 leading the nation. The Church in the US showed 889,000

Mountain and Pacific regions had members with the larger Unitedrates lower than the national averPresbyterian Church in the USA 333 age of 4,8; 4.5 in the Mountain listing 3,146,000 members. The Protstates (Utah 1.0, best in the west, estant Episcopal Church reported

Nevada high with 7.8). membership (1958 figures) as 3,-

The nation has 523,591 Indians. 127,000. If all the Baptist groups

listed) were combined (17Arizona leads with 83,387. The listed of FOLDING constitute a group they would population 18,871,831, wasNegro

20,000,000. largest Luthabout The PEDESTAL TABLES racial after thesecond largest group listed, eran group Luththe United Direct from factory

158,831,732 whites, with the Indians eran Church in America, showed ing to Churches, Schools,savClubs, all organiLodgesthird. Persons of Japanese If origin 2,369,000 members. nine Lutheran zations. 1962 MONROEand constitute the fourthand ancestry Folding Tables are Banquet groups listed the J were combined,

for quality, duraunmatched *i raciallargest of the group United total nearly approximate would bility, convenience and handStates, with people, 464,332 203,455 million. eight These are sizes for some somePartitionsappearance. models and 94

of whom are residents of the state aspects of life in the United States every use. Write for prices, catalog.

of Hawaii. The Chinese are in fifth in these times. ColorFREEpictures.BIGFull line1962MONROECATALOGtables, chairs,

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable partitions. Write today!

THE MONROE CO., 181 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

APRIL 1962 225 THEIR HEALTH IS IN YOUR HANDS!

Your children's health is precious. Here's an inexpensive way to get

more nutrition into their diet. Stone grind your

flour a few hours before baking your bread and rolls. Enjoy pure wheat

processed by you...

avoid chemical additives.

INVEST IN A

LEE HOUSEHOLD FLOUR MILL Letters

Automatic Portable Electric Economical Order today! and

Choice of 4 mills.

Write for prices!

Save on introductory flour offer. Send coupon with Reports

check or money orderpkg., forstone5lb.

ground day shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING CO THANKS TO ERA

Milwaukee 1, Wis. Mentone, California

I Dept. IE-4-62 CO., LEE ENGINEERING

1, Wis. Dear Editor: Milwaukee W. Wisconsin Ave.,J 2023

|.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50 |

|.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 J I write to thank you for the delightful

illustration given my article in the October > Street.... 1 issue... the artist captured the type of

of influence happyhearted wholesome, trying to write, and I appre- I wasj City State 1 which

NEW YEAR BEGINS WITH ciate this very much as it adds so much

CONFERENCE IN FAR EAST to the little article. I am also grateful to

you for including it in... an issue which

Under a theme, "The MIA the Flexible has such splendid material for youth and

Way,"Southern Far East.Mission officers hope that some young person may be

and teachers held a leadership conference encouraged to make and cherish worthFILMS to kick off the new year for MIA activities while friendships.

DEVE10PED in that area. A special song was written

AND PRINTED per roll forgram.the Theconferencesong wastellingsung ofin thebothMIAChineseproSincerely,

and English. Ruth C. Ikerman

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20t each SLIDES COLOR per HOLDS STAKE BANQUET 1 35 mm Color Slid es roll Dev. and 20 Mount $1.35 for stake a presented with award is the Pictured Stake were Lake (Utah) View

Slid es Color per 1 35 exp.,mm or better Girls'percent attained a at recently 90 having held time Banquet which

roll Dev. exp., 36 and Mount $2.40 meetings. at girls their of record attendance received Church a possible 135 198 per Color Movie

girls individual addition, In awards. 97 25'roll Roll 8 $1.35 mm,

GENEALOGY PHOTOS REPORT FROM CANADA

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS AugustAfter being1961, baptizedHans Ottointo Franzthe ChurchMiehe,in wentMiehe,todiscovereda contact theyfamilywereby Hans'the nameparentsof

of NEGATIVE, 4c each Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada, enlisted who believed their son dead. Now parents

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s the aid of missionaries to help locate his and son are reunited through letters, Hans

, MoneyBack Guarantee parents in Germany. Two elders, tracting writing that he is married, his wife also

in the district where Hans formerly lived, being a member of the Church.

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU CAN'T BEAT SAMSONITE ON PRICE

Coos Bay and Coos Bay Second in the

Southern Oregon District of the Northwestern States Mission from the old Coos

Bay Branch. Officers of both new branch

presidencies are either converts or reactivated members. President of the Northwestern States Mission is Don C. Wood.

NEW MISSIONARY APPROACH PLEA FOR STAMPS

Siedlung Mannesmann, Germany Vienna, Austria

Dear Editor; Dear Editor:

for a of Looking contacting new way to I receive a pleased of was the copypeople, to decided the go on market up we of issue the picsee a Era and November...place provide and shoppers weary

in of ture Viennese dressed youths two.. little a refreshment contactwith a and

are native several costume. There very thewith Mormons. about up.made We in in fine branch, our people young and liters tea, of cold peppermint40 stamped

to order enlarge our youth group have we of pamphlets, a painted a bunchup few started special youth a Since program.

... itsigns. called Tea,""Mormon We

to afford of hardly our can any members it, the people lovedand cups Over 400 this contribute to program, youth have we given more, orwere away, pamphlets 500 collecting foresee stamps, and we... begun visit to us three people askedand come

to finance will our that able combe we low. They're prices are only not Our their are families oftwo and them now

reselling plete used stamps program by... Mormons. delivery's not only lowest. the Our

collectors'items. sent as already have We Sincerely yours, fastest. it's the you Whether fast—letters rethe throughout world many

Elder Farrell Smith questing individuals to save stamps. Even want one chair or 1,000—Samsonite

favorably responded Kennedy line of institutional has the complete Elder Rod Linton President

In order a few stamps. by sending give to have furniture and will what you you

success, greater however, a monetary we want, you when than used stamps more need many we are at the price want it, this letter I receiving. can hope be now

printed, and that those who read it will you want. Wire,

save their used stamps for us. When phone or write for

a few stamps have been collected, please complete catalog

Mission, the Austrian to send them Fuerof all styles. fanggasse XIX, Austria. Vienna 4, A stamp

is valueless as a collector's item if even Samsonite AllSteel a corner is damaged. I am convinced Folding Chair is the

that if members of the Church will ac- "original"standard for inconstruction this opportunity, able to cept be we will stitutional seating. will result in finance a program which

the conversion of many fine Viennese For price and delivery information, see "ChairsFold- under Yellow Pages

Bros., Instituor ing"write Shwayder

Div.,NEW BRANCHES young people. yourtional Dept. Seating IE42,

Sincerely, 29, Michigan. Detroit

Pictured are the presidencies and their partners of the newly created branches of Roland Wolf Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS

APRIL 1962 227 the Resurrection

The message of the resurrection is the "But now is Christ risen from the most comforting, the most glorious ever dead, and become the firstfruits of them given to man. that slept.

Jesus of Nazareth lived as you and I "For since by man came death, by live. He was killed, crucified; his spirit man came also the resurrection of

lived while his body was in that tomb, the dead.

and he preached to the men who had "For as in Adam all die, even so in lived in the days of Noah. His body was Christ shall all be made alive.

resurrected, and death was conquered. "But every man in his own order:

A little later, as a Resurrected Being, Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that

he ministered among his people in the are Christ's at his coming."(1 Cor.

Holy Land and in the New World. 15:2023.)

Since Christ rose from the dead and That means, my dear fellow workers, lived after that death and preached to that if you have lost your father or spirits that were in prison who were mother, that he or she is still alive.

alive when "the ark was preparing in the Personality still persists. The heartdays of Noah,"your loved ones also live beat was silenced. The gleam and

beyond in an environment to which brightness of the eye was gone. The

you and I are unresponsive, but which nerves were unresponsive. The body

is real. Is not that a comforting thought? was a mere house of clay, once inhabited

With this assurance, obedience to by a living being, but that being, that eternal law should be a joy, not a burden, personality still persists, still lives, and for life is joy, life is love. It is disis responsive.

obedience that brings death. Obedience When our heartbeat stops as Jesus'

to Christ and his laws brings life and stopped upon the cross, the spirit still life eternal. lives. That is the only conclusion, that

Writing to the Corinthian Saints, the is the only message that Easter gives

Apostle Paul said: to the world. There is no death to the

THE EDITOR'S PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

spirit. What we call physical death has Belief in the resurrection connotes

no power over the spirit. also the immortality of man. Jesus

The resurrection is the reuniting of passed through all the experiences of spirit and body as an immortal being. mortality. He knew happiness; he exIf you mothers laid away a loved perienced pain. He rejoiced as well as

one, a baby, a young daughter or a son, sorrowed with others. He knew frienddid you feel that that was the end? Be ship. He experienced also the sadness

assured that physical death is not the that comes through traitors and false end. Death silenced the little child. He accusers. He died a mortal death even

could not speak. He could not respond as every other mortal. Since his spirit

to your love, but he is living! He lives lived after death and his body was

today in the spirit world. This is the resurrected, so shall be yours and mine.

declaration of the Church of Jesus Christ We have the sweet assurance that, at of Latterday Saints, because the Church a time in the wisdom of our Master, itself is founded upon the eternal prinour bodies will be brought forth. Then

ciple of the immortality of man. Christ our souls, body and spirit, will continue

himself, who died on the cross about to live and never again pass through eighteen hundred years before he apdeath.

peared to Joseph Smith, arose from the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdead and showed himself to the twelve day Saints stands with Peter, with Paul, and to others. If Jesus Christ, who lived with James, with all the apostles who

as a mortal man about thirtythree years, accepted the resurrection not only as lived after death, and appeared in this dispensation, then we may have the being literally true, but also as the assurance that each person in this life consummation of Christ's divine mission also will live in an environment to on earth. As Christ lived after death,

which we are unresponsive here, but in so shall all men, each one taking that which departed spirits will live and place in the next world for which he move and have their being. is best fitted.

WAS THE FALL OF ADAM NECESSARY?

question: "In our discussion of conflict, and by breaking the comthe fall of Adam the following mandment not to eat the fruit,

question arose: the first commandAdam and Eve had to die. The

ment given to Adam and Eve was thought was also expressed thatto multiply and the second that YOUR we could all be in a state of they should not eat the fruit of the innocence but for the fall. We

tree of the knowledge of good and would like to have a clear explanaevil or they would die. The disQUES tion of this. Surely the Lord

cussion presented the fact that would not permit his plan to be the two commandments were in destroyed."TION

answer: It is evident that if we fall clearly stated and its necessity

were dependent solely on the acexplained. We do have this knowlof as it fall in the presented as it is of Moses book the edgecount

to the Prophet revealed of Genesis,in ANSWERED BY was Joseph the would book we be led astray and reach a very Smith as follows:erroneous conclusion. The Bible JOSEPH "And I, the Lord God, comhas come to us through many manded the man, saying: Of every FIELDING tree of the garden thou mayesttranslations, and there is no original

known to man. In the copying of freely eat,the ancient records and the transSMITH "But of the tree of the knowledgelations by uninspired men, many PRESIDENT OF of good and evil, thou shalt not

errors crept into the ancient writeat of it, nevertheless, thou mayest THE COUNCIL ings. makes The Book of Mormon

this clear. OF THE TWELVE untochoosethee;for thyself,but, rememberfor it is thatgivenI This has led Bible commentators to speak of Adam and forbid it, for in the day thou eatest

Eve as having frustrated and dethereof thou shalt surely die."

feated the original plan of the Father, and they have (Moses 3:1617.)

spoken of the partaking of the fruit as "Man's ShameWe learn from this that Adam had the privilege of ful Fall."Therefore there is a prevalent notion that making a choice, with the penalty of death awaiting

if Adam and Eve had not partaken of this fruit, they him if he ate the fruit of the tree. We may assume

and their posterity would have dwelt upon the earth that Adam would not have eaten if Eve had not parin perfect peace and happiness without the trials taken. When she did, Adam realized that he had to

and temptations that have become so prevalent partake or he and Eve would have been separated through the generations of time and there would forever. Therefore there was nothing left for Adam

have been no death. to do but to follow Eve's example and partake. We

The simple fact is, as explained in the Book of read also in the scriptures that Jesus was the "Lamb

Mormon and the revelations given to the Prophet slain from the foundation of the world,"meaning that

Joseph Smith, the fall was a very essential part of the our Savior was chosen before the foundation of the divine plan. Adam and Eve therefore did the very world to come and be the sacrifice for the redemption

thing that the Lord intended them to do. If we had of man and all the creatures who partook of death

the original record, we would see the purpose of the through Adam's fall.

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just why the Lord would say to Adam that he good, for they knew no sin.

forbade him to partake of the fruit of that tree is "But behold, all things have been done in the wisnot made clear in the Bible account, but in the original dom of him who knoweth all things.

as it comes to us in the book of Moses it is made "Adam fell that man might be; and men are, that

definitely clear. It is that the Lord said to Adam they might have joy.

that if he wished to remain as he was in the garden, "And the Messiah cometh in the fulness of time, then he was not to eat the fruit, but if he desired that he may redeem the children of men from the to eat it and partake of death he was at liberty to do fall. And because that they are redeemed from the

so. So really it was not in the true sense a transfall they have become free forever, knowing good from

gression of a divine commandment. Adam made the evil; to act for themselves and not to be acted upon,

wise decision, in fact the only decision that he save it be by the punishment of the law at the great could make. and last day, according to the commandments which

It was the divine plan from the very beginning that God hath given."(2 Nephi 2:2226.)

man should be placed on the earth and be subject Mother Eve has given us the clearest statement in to mortal conditions and pass through a probationary relation to the fall in the following words.

state as explained in the Book of Mormon where he "... Were it not for our transgression we never

and his posterity would be subject to all mortal condishould have had seed, and never should have known tions. It was part of the divine plan that man should good and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and the

have this period of mortality where he would be shut eternal life which God giveth unto all the obedient."

out of the presence of God and be subject to all the (Moses 5:11.)

vicissitudes of mortality, the temptations and trials of the flesh, thus gaining experience and being placed in a position of trial, temptation, and be purified by passing through the trials and tribulations of the flesh, SEEDLINGS or mortality, as Paul has described it. This life is BY WANDA WARREN LUND

a very brief part of our existence, but is the most critical, for it is in mortality where we are tried and Out of the brown earth, figuratively placed in the fire and tested, proved to see Vibrant and strong, what kind of material we are made of, whether we Spring forth the seedlings will be worthy of an exaltation in the kingdom of Dormant so long.

God or be assigned to some other kingdom. Swelling and stretching,

Lehi, in instructing his son Jacob made this very They reach for the sky, clear wherein he said: Growing, in season,

"And now, behold, if Adam had not transgressed Majestically high.

he would not have fallen, but he would have remained My faith, though a seedling, in the garden of Eden. And all things which were Quiet and small,

created must. have remained in the same state in By growing, expanding,

which they were after they were created; and they Can overcome all.

must have remained forever, and had no end. I'll nurture it, watch it

"And they would have had no children; wherefore And tend to its needs,

they would have remained in a state of innocence, Remembering the greatest having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no Of trees grew from seeds.

APRIL 1962 231

n

9k

'*f

-i':: --.. % "

I GOLD PLATESAND THE BOOK OF MORMON

BY THOMAS STUART FERGUSON

On April 5, 1961, when Dr. Argudonni, director of the Persian Museum of Antiquities in Teheran, capital of Iran, turned on the lights and pulled the draperies

from the windows of the upper room which he had unlocked, Bishop Keith

Garner of Menlo Park Ward and I saw a beautiful collection of recently discovered ancient artifacts of gold, including two gold tablets covered with the cuneiform script discovered at Hamadan, Persia.

These tablets are thin, and one of them has about the same dimensions as the tablets comprising the Book of Mormon—said by the Prophet Joseph to be

about six inches wide and eight inches long. This tablet of gold was engraved

in the fourth century BC in the days of Darius II. The other tablet is slightly

larger, being eight inches wide and ten inches long, telling of Artaxerxes and dating to the fifth century BC. Artaxerxes was the son of Darius I, who conquered the entire Middle East toward the end of the sixth century BC. The

museum director, to my great joy, permitted me to photograph these wonderful and priceless tablets.

Of all the ancient inscriptions which have been discovered in the Bible world—Old World homeland of the Book of Mormon nations—confirming the

claim of the Book of Mormon that the ancient scribes engraved historical data on metal tablets, perhaps none is more noteworthy or remarkable than these gold tablets recently discovered in Iran.

During the first week in April 1961, I visited the Persian Museum of Antiquities in Teheran, capital of Iran, with Bishop Garner, Sidney Badger, and

Robert Ord, all of Palo Alto Stake, California, for the precise purpose of seeing the gold and silver tablets of Darius.* The director of the museum, on

learning of our great interest in the engraved tablets discovered in the palace of the great Persian contemporary of Nephi, King Darius, removed the tablets from the locked glass case, in which they were displayed, permitting us to handle, tii tablrtymd to photoglyph them.

The next day, Bishop Garner and I returned to the museum, and the director took us td the locked room containing the more recently discovered treasures mentioned above. He stated that this wonderful display would not

be shown to the public until the Shah dedicated the exhibit.

The tablets of Darius I were discovered in the great palace of the Persian kings at the ruins of Persepolis, located near the presentday city of Shiraz in southern Persia. Our party went by plane from Teheran to Shiraz. It is but

a short drive from Shiraz to Persepolis. Persepolis is one of the most magnificent of the ruined cities of Old Testament times. There lived the great

Darius I, Xerxes, and Artaxerxes, during Book of Mormon times. The writings

on gold and silver tablets of the scribes of these great Persian kings help prove +lr\f> valirlifv rf frTiA rljim rvf t*1i*> ftnrilr rrf \frrmrwi fhflf thf nnrif*nf<: r>f rfift RiMf

SIDON TEHERAN

.JERUSALEM

EUPHRATES

PERSEPOLIS RED SEA SHIRAZ

PERSIAN GULF

When the Book of Mormon appeared in 1830 scientific archaeology was not yet born. The nowknown ancient

gold, silver, bronze, and brass tablets, bearing early inscriptions, had not been discovered. Scientific archaeology is

said to have begun in the Jaredite homeland, Mesopotamia, in 1842. "The first excavations in Mesopotamia were those

of PaulEmile Botte at Nineveh in 1842 and Khorsabad in 1843,"states the ranking British archaeologist, Glyn E.

Daniel, professor at Cambridge University. Chapter three

of his book, A Hundred Years of Archaeology, is entitled "The Birth of Archaeology: 184070."In that chapter,

Daniel says: "The real beginnings of Egyptian excavation

are not, however, with tomb robbers like Belzoni and

Drouetti, but the Mariette. Mariette was sent out of

Egypt in 1859 by the Louvre...."

Speaking of the beginnings of excavations in Palestine,

Daniel says: "Excavations began with Warren's work in

and around Jerusalem in 186770 and the work of Petrie and Bliss at Tell elHesy in 189192."

Archaeological work in Mexico and Central America began with the explorations of John Lloyd Stephens in 1839.*

Not until the coming into use of the atomic clock—radiocarbon dating—within the last ten years, have the scholars

had a knowledge of the truly great antiquity of civilization in ancient Middle America.

Dr. Franklin Harris, Jr., of the University of Utah and

Dr. Ariel Crowley of Boise, Idaho, both students of the

Book of Mormon, have recently compiled and published long lists of inscribed tablets discovered and made a matter of record by archaeologists. These compilations also establish that the references (Continued on page 270)

"Victor Wolfgang von Hagen, Maya Explorer, John Lloyd Stephens and the

Lost Cities of Central America and Yucatan, University of Oklahoma Press (1947), chapter 7.

From top to bottom: Cold plates discovered at Papantla, Vera Cruz,

held by bearded man (beard of gold wire); Bishop Keith Garner

holding one of two gold tablets excavated from the foundation walls of the Audience Hall (the Apadana) of the palace of King Darius of Persia; Persian Museum of Antiquities, Teheran, Iran; gold plate

found in Persia (Iran), 1961, dating to fifth century, B. C, and telling

of Persian king Artaxerxes. Plate is about eight inches wide and ten

inches long; note that ancient script is legible. Columns of King

Darius'Audience Hall are sixty feet high.

EVERY MEMBER A MISSIONARY

A TRUE

STORY

Helen Patten was in the fifth grade when she began writing to a pen pal by the name of

Charlotte Alvoet in Dundee, Scotland.

Helen told her what she did in Primary, later Mutual, when I was baptized I stayed at the school I had and sent pictures of our temples, Church buildings, been attending previously, the Harris Academy. This

and places of interest in Utah. is a Presbyterian school, where pupils of all

Last year an elder from Helen's ward, Bruce DraProtestant faiths attend (Methodist, Episcopalian, per, was called on a mission to Scotland. Since and all that). In school we have one period each

Helen secretly wished that he might teach the gospel week of instruction in religion, (RI) and this is in to Charlotte, she wrote a letter to Elder Draper, telling the Presbyterian faith. Well, when I was baptized,

him about Charlotte and giving her address in case there was little change since all we did was read he should be assigned to work in Dundee. the Bible. But, this year, our teacher decided that

About a week later Charlotte wrote to Helen telling an RI period should be informal and should be a her of the visit of two "Yanks."It so happened that period for debate, so he said he would ask us to

Charlotte had gone to a concert so was not home write one question which he would try to answer when they first called. The elders waited about and which the class would discuss.

two hours for her return, but finally had to leave. "I didn't ask one question, I asked about six! I

They left word with her grandmother that they would knew all the answers, but I wanted to explain our call again the following Saturday. Charlotte returned teachings and true doctrine to him.

home about fifteen minutes after they left. When she "I asked: (1) the interpretation of Revelation 14:6;

heard of the visit, she was so anxious to see these (2) 1st Cor. 15:29, (baptism for the dead); (3) which

young men, that she wrote Helen she could hardly is the true church of Jesus Christ; (4) the being of

wait for the next Saturday to come. the Godhead (if they were three in one or three

The next letter Helen received began, "Guess who separate); (5) correct method of baptism; (6) reason

was baptized yesterday! Guess who will be confirmed for baptism.

tomorrow? Guess who is the happiest girl in the "None of my friends had questions, so mine were

world! ME ME ME!"She went on to write that all copied. Ha! Ha! Well a fortnight later (yesterboth she and her mother had been converted in day) the teacher decided that we would discuss the

only two weeks! personality of our Father in heaven and the questions

Subsequent letters told of her interest in church concerning that. Anyway, he blithered on for a

activities, her new friends, and her part in the MIA wee while about heathens and atheists. Then we

roadshow. got down to business. I brought up the subject of

On August 21st, she wrote the following: our Father, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost being

"I just had to write this to you. I absolutely had three in one. We don't believe that, and I told him

to. I guess if I did not I would burst. Oh, the so. He asked me for proof, and joy, was he surprised

marvelous happening all because of being a Mormon. when I rattled off a list of scriptures. You see, I

I must tell you from the beginning or I'll get too sat up the night before reading the books I was mixed up. given when the elders were teaching me. I had

"You see in Scotland we have no LDS schools, so scriptures concerning (Continued on page 281)

APRIL 1962 235 BY DAVID H. YARN JR. DEAN The Lord said, "... Ye shall know the

truth, and the truth shall make you free."

OF THE COLLEGE OF RELIGIOUS (John 8:32.) Probably there is no verse

of scripture which has been taken out of

INSTRUCTION AT THE BRIGHAM context and been given private interpretation more frequently than this verse.

YOUNG UNIVERSITY Isolated from its context the apparent meaning of the verse is particularly appealing to the scholar and the scientist. YE It suggests that those engaged in

academic pursuits are liberators of mankind. Certainly there is a general sense

in which knowing the truth does make 1 1 j men free. But fundamentally, what is the Z\ 1

of nature the freedom is envisioned which isolated use the statement, by those who 1 1 A I ASI—I

ignoring the context the Lord gave it? Regardless of how else this freedom may be

described, it can be asserted with considerable confidence that its primary benefits are temporal; they belong to this

world. Putting it another way, there are

many who think of man's existence as being limited to mortality, and therefore their aspirations are to make man free during the only existence they think he has. There are others who do not conKNOW ceive of man's life as being limited to

mortality but who apparently obtain a special kind of solace in the hope that their academic knowledge, or knowledge of the world, may be the means of their

I obtainingexistence. freedom in their postmortal

one reads the Lord's words in nsh When their context, it becomes clear that he was not speaking of truth in the abstract general sense. On the contrary, he was

speaking specifically. In the first place

he was speaking "... to those Jews which

believed on him,..."In the second

place he said, "... If ye continue in my

word, then are ye my disciples indeed;,.."and then thirdly he promised, "And ye may be and are distinct temporal advantages which

shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you accrue to man in the pursuit and acquisition of truth free."So the truth to make men free was promised in this general abstract sense, but in order for one

to those who believed on him, but further, only to to be free, in any ultimate sense, he must come to those who believed on him who continued in his word. know the truth, that is, Jesus Christ the Lord.

What did the Lord mean by the word "truth"? As In addition to speaking of himself as truth the Lord

he continued his explanation he said, "If the Son also refers to his word, or his gospel, as truth. That

therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed."is, in addition to his power as the Redeemer over

(Ibid., 8:36.) It is obvious that he was equating himsin and death and therefore the truth or power which

self with the truth, as he did at least on one other frees man, the everlasting principles which are for occasion when he said, "... I am the way, the truth, man's benefit in his striving to become like the Lord,

and the life!... (Ibid., 14:6.) and his and our Father, come from him who is truth,

simply put, the word truth is applied by the LordFurtheras manyexaminationothers, makesof thisit evidentcontext thatas wellthe and therefore they are denominated truth. More

freedom man was assured through the truth, both to himself and to principles.

namely Jesus Christ the Lord, was freedom Mankind ordinarily uses the word in a way somefrom sin and freedom from death. These constitute what related to the second usage of the Lord. Technifreedoms of incomparable magnitude, freedoms which cally, the truth is regarded as a characteristic of

knowledge, in and of itself, is utterly helpless to yield. propositions. Truth does not belong to things but

Jesus in his classic misused statement has a concept to statements or propositions. Things simply are:

of truth and freedom that is ultimate in its meaning they are not true or false. This point is made rather

and significance, and infinitely beyond the proximate, clearly in a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith is knowledge of thingsbut sometimes hopeful, meaning and significance, in which we find, "And truth given it by perhaps wellmeaning but misinformed or as they are, and as they were, and as they are to..."(D&C 93:24.) So truth is not things asuninspired men. come.

they are, were, and will be, but truth is knowledge

There is a marked tendency among many people of things as they are, were, and will be. Things are

to dissociate truth and Jesus. Sometimes even among

what they are, were, and will be, regardless of what the Latterday Saints there are those who in emphasizmen believe or say about them.

ing the breadth of the gospel somehow seem to forget that it is the gospel of Jesus Christ. The Lord has we consider truth in this propositional sense,

been sufficiently emphatic regarding his identification it is well for us to make a distinction. It is an If assumption, but one with which most, if notwith the gospel. The gospel bears his name; the

Church bears his name; he was the Creator of this all, men will agree that all true propositions are

earth; he is Jehovah, the God of the Old Testament; not of equal value. They range in worth from the

he is the Redeemer, and also the great Judge. We trivial to the sublime and may be classified in varihave been told to do all that we do in his name. We ous ways. Perhaps the most important classification is

must not forget that when we speak of truth in to recognize that some truths are secular and others any ultimate sense it cannot be dissociated from are redemptive.

Jesus Christ. To call some truths secular does not mean they are

One may speak of truth in some abstract absolute valueless. It means they have a different value from

philosophic sense and revel in his discoveries which those called redemptive. We know secular truths do

may approximate that truth, but then what? There have value for mortals. They may have value for

postmortals, and probably do, but to what extent unto I have called you, and the mission with which I they are needed we do not know. Redemptive truths have commissioned you."(Ibid., 88:80.)

have value not only for mortals but are also essential The Lord makes it clear that the purpose for for postmortals if they are to fulfil the true purpose one's learning the things suggested in the other verses of their being. is that he may be better prepared to accomplish the

From near the beginning of man's sojourn on earth purposes of the Lord.

he has sought secular and redemptive knowledge. Another frequently quoted verse:

Adam was told that the earth was cursed for man's "And set in order the churches, and study and learn, sake or benefit, and he was commanded to subdue and become acquainted with all good books, and it. From that time man has struggled in his socalled with languages, tongues, and people."(Ibid., 90:15.)

pursuit of truth in trying not merely to understand Here again is a passage which is often used to but to overcome nature to make his lot easier. Adam, suggest that, after all, becoming acquainted with all

after manifest faithfulness, was given knowledge of good books, with languages, tongues, and people are redemptive truth. Since that time man has been in in and of themselves means of salvation. Once more,

pursuit of redemptive truth. the advocate of such a view should read on, for he

the Doctrine and Covenants there are some would find the Lord saying to the Prophet Joseph glorious passages which admonish man to seek Smith and his counselors:Inknowledge; for example: "And this shall be your business and mission in all

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall your lives, to preside in council, and set in order all attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly the affairs of the church and kingdom."(Ibid., 90:16.)

in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the The purpose of their studying good books, languages, gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of etc., was that the Prophet Joseph Smith and his counGod, that are expedient for you to understand; selors might be prepared more efficiently and effec-

"Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and tively to build the kingdom of God for the salvation under the earth; things which have been, things of his children.

which are, things which must shortly come to pass; Examples of this kind could be multiplied, for

things which are at home, things which are abroad; throughout the scriptures as God counsels his chilthe wars and the perplexities of the nations, and the dren to seek knowledge it is always for the express

judgments which are on the land; and a knowledge purpose of being better prepared to do his will.

also of countries and of kingdoms—"(Ibid., 88:7879.) A corollary of this misuse of the scriptures conAs one reads these two verses, experience suggests cerning knowledge is the deceiver which may be

that it is natural for him to begin immediately to called the gospel of success. Deep in our national

identify certain recognized academic disciplines. The culture as well as deep in our religious culture is the

next step is for him to assume that the knowledge in concept of industry. Nurtured on the concept that

these disciplines is saving knowledge, that is, either this was a country of free men with all of the natural assures him of, or strongly contributes to, his chance resources a beneficent God could bestow upon a peoof being saved in God's kingdom. ple, it was only natural that men should give rise to

In reading the next verse he would discover he had the concept which in turn would become equally erred in his interpretation of the previous verses. The prevalent that any man who was industrious could

passage continues: become a success. From childhood we are taught that

"That ye may be prepared in all things when if we work hard, apply ourselves with mind and

I shall send you again to magnify the calling wheremight, we can really become somebody; we can become wealthy or famous. There are hosts of wondertrary, inasmuch as I am describing a kind of worldly

ful success stories which stir young and old alike. success, I use the word spirit here to more closely

of things to the kinds and conform which seem more it is intent to discourage not ourCertainly this extensively associated with by or meant more industrious. or working being anybody from

it temporal limitations. However, when one's work, his vocation, or word, that is, I am giving

profession and all of his industrious effort is It is maintained that not only does man, as man, expended in the acquisition of temporal goods, have basic physical needs, but he has some basic possessions, and positions, there is cause for alarm. psychic needs also, for example, the need to belong,

the need for love and affection, the need for acceptDuring the last fifty years the worldly fortune of ance and recognition and others, including what the Latterday Saints has changed. Already there is

Aristotle and other philosophers have called a natural a list of names of considerable size of Latterday desire to know. To the extent that one is able to satisfy

Saints who have been successful in the world. Inasthese and similar needs, to that extent he achieves

much as most of the "successful"Latterday Saints success of spirit.

about whom we hear are active members of the Fundamentally what we have included here in sucChurch, and inasmuch as they frequently attribute cess of the body and success of the spirit are those their success in the world to being members of the things which belong to this world, even the most

Church, there is the implication that if one is a good positive things which men cultivate without God. For

member of the Church he will be a success in the the Lord himself has said in our day: "And everything

world. And irrespective of the reasoning, whether that is in the world, whether it be ordained of men,

valid or invalid, the reverse of the conclusion is asby thrones, or principalities, or powers, or things of if to follow, namely, a of the Church membersumed name, whatsoever they may be, that are not by me isis Saint. a in the a success world he good Latterday or by my word, saith the Lord, shall be thrown down,

Both of these conclusions are false. Being a good and shall not remain after men are dead, neither in

member of the Church is no guarantee of worldly nor after the resurrection, saith the Lord your God."

success. Likewise, worldly success is not evidence of

(Ibid., 132:13) or, as the Lord warned his disciples

one's worthiness before the Lord.

against the false teachings of the Pharisees, "Every

It seems to me that there are three kinds of success. plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted,

I have been speaking of worldly success, but I believe shall be rooted up."(Matthew 15:13.)

this can be divided into two kinds. The first I call any things have value for man and give

success of the body. Much of man's endeavor as him satisfaction in this life. Many of the

a mortal is devoted to acquiring those things which things involved in success of the body satisfy the needs and desires of the body. To the and success of the spirit are essential to

is satisfy toextent obtain able to the that one means therefore mortal existence and must be in some had M desires, that to extentthose needs achieves he and increasing there are degree However, by all men.

success of the body. This kind of success is primarily numbers of men and women who at least in act have

proportional to one's economic success. denied anything else and have completely given

second kind, which I consider a division themselves to mortality. But the important thing is,

of worldly success, I call success of the spirit. in the words of the Lord, what kinds of plants areThe

By the word spirit I do not refer to the spirit you planting, cultivating, and nurturing? Will your

being which is tabernacled in mortal bodies, harvest, if you have one, be mortal? Will all of the

nor do I mean those things which Latterday Saints plants you cultivate eventually be rooted up? Will

generally consider enduring or eternal. On the conall of your efforts, and (Continued on page 292)

Janet wasn't given any warning; like most of the crises in

her children's lives, this one caught her unprepared.

It was rather, she thought, like the time Timmy had broken his arm. One moment he was there, placidly

eating his dinner. The next moment, boom! There was

his chair tipped over backwards, and Timmy on the floor with his arm in a most peculiar position. No one could

explain the sudden access of enthusiasm which had caused him to lean back in his chair.

With a tenyear-old son you have to expect such accidents, she supposed. An eighteenyear-old daughter, however—well, Roberta had always been a bit more predictable.

Until now, that is!

Roberta had come in the back door like a spring breeze, and even in the middle of her ironing, Janet had smiled a quick smile of appreciation at her older offspring's youthful freshness and prettiness. However, catching sight of

Roberta's expression, Janet experienced a tiny but ominous twinge of foreboding.

"Well, Roberta, what canary have you been eating? I

can see the feathers all over your face!"

Although this was a familiar greeting, the expression didn't change on Roberta's face.

"Mom, guess what! Eddie Hollister is home on leave

this weekend! It's been simply ages since I've seen him!"

"Eddie—oh, yes, that's right. He enlisted in the Navy,

didn't he?"

"Yes, and you should see him in his uniform! Well,

actually, you will. He stopped up at school today, and

I ran into him in the hall. And, Mom, he asked to take

me to the prom!"

"Really? Too bad you already have a date with Gary

for it,"Janet said.

"Yes, but—well, Mom, I told him I would go!"

"But, Honey,"Janet said anxiously. "You couldn't

break your date with Gary now! Why, the prom is

tomorrow! He has probably ordered flowers for you

already, and he couldn't possibly get another date now.

It wouldn't be a bit fair!"

The girl's chin rose defiantly while her eyes refused to meet those of her mother.

"Listen, Mom. You just don't know how important this

is to me. For three years, I tried to get Eddie to notice

me, and now that he has, Gary isn't going to stand in my

BY RUTH HAZEL way, or anyone else, for that matter! Besides, it's too late.

I've already broken my date with Gary."

The tears which she had been fighting now began to slide down her face, and her voice grew more shrill with each word.

Janet propped the iron on end, and walked over toFUTURE touch her daughter on the cheek.

"Roberta, Honey, are you trying to convince me, or yourself, that you're doing the right thing? It sounds toAT STAKE

me as if you have an awfully guilty conscience, and than was usual on such an occasion. She had looked

that would be a terrible thing to take to the prom very lovely to Janet's maternally prejudiced eye, and with you. Do you really think you could have a good far, far older than her age. That she had been almost

time, knowing that you have made Gary unhappy, as nervous as on her first date was attested by an and probably embarrassed him terribly?"untouched supper, but she had certainly carried it

Blue eyes looked up piteously through a film off with an air of complete selfpossession.

of tears. Tom came in as Janet was finishing up in the

"Mom, you just have to understand, and so does kitchen.

Gary. I didn't want to hurt him, but this is so much "Well, I see that I timed that just right. One thing

bigger than just a prom date. This may be my whole about playing chauffeur; it works very nicely to get

future! You know how I have always felt about me out of helping with dishes!"

Eddie. Now he has asked me out, and it's as if all Janet grinned.

my dreams were coming true. If I don't take this "From listening to you, anyone would think you

opportunity, I may never see him again, and Mom, were in the habit of putting on an apron the minute he's the man I want to marry!"you finished dessert, instead of disappearing to anyThe word "marry"struck Janet like a physical blow. place convenient until dishes are done. What you

"Marry! Honey, please don't talk that way! You'll really mean is that this way, you don't even have

be going to college in the fall—you aren't even quite a guilty conscience about it."

eighteen yet—and you don't even know the boy!""Well, you know how I hate to clutter up the

"Oh, don't worry. He probably won't ask me yet kitchen,"he said, sitting down at the table. "But

for a while—maybe never! But you can bet that if speaking of cluttering, I gather that we're going to

he did, I'd jump at the chance. That's why this date have a new boy hanging around here. Who's this

means so much to me. I just have to have a chance. Eddie that Bobbie is going out with tonight?"

Please, please don't ruin it for me!""Don't let Roberta hear you refer to him as a boy.

Janet returned to the ironing board; picked up the He is a Man—and you'll notice I spelled that with

iron automatically. She knew that routine work was a capital. But I don't think he'll clutter up the

the only way to combat this pain in her chest. premises much, since he's on leave from the Navy."

"Of course, if this date is so important to you, by "Did she just meet him? Don't think I've ever

all means—but try to remember that it is just a date, heard her mention him."

won't you? Now, let's see, can I press your dress "Well, if you haven't, it just goes to show again how

for you, since I have the iron out anyway?"little you hear of what goes on around here. He was

"Mom, you're just wonderful!"And with a quick in the class ahead of hers in school, and for three years

kiss and hug, Roberta was gone up the stairs to get I've been hearing so much about him that I expected her dress and then to dream a little about this thing a cross between Gregory Peck and Tab Hunter, with that was happening to her. the mentality of an Einstein thrown in."

Janet was grateful that the dress was difficult to Tom grunted.

iron. Demanding her attention, it gave her less chance "And did he turn out to be this phenomenal

to think far different thoughts from the ones going creature, or just a normal boy?"

through Roberta's head. Janet sat down in the chair opposite his and conThe weekend always flew by for Janet, and this sidered the question.

one was no exception. The usual Saturday rush of "Oh, he has plenty of charm, all right. I can see

shopping, cleaning, cooking meals at odd hours kept why he would turn any girl's head. Brought a white

her too busy to have a good chance to sit down and orchid for Roberta—and a box of candy—for me!

think about this new problem which had come with I halfway expected him to ask if I were her sister. He

such dazzling swiftness. Before she knew it, Saturday impresses me as that type!"

supper was over, and Tom had departed to take "A white orchid—and candy! Things sure have

Timmy to a school baseball practice. This had caused changed in the service. When I was a lowly GI, I

him to miss the usual flurry of getting Roberta off to couldn't afford a dandelion for my dates!"

a big dance. "You never called for your dates in a late model

She had departed in a swirl of chiffon and lace, convertible, either, did you?"

with her head very high, and her eyes even brighter "Is that what he was (Continued on page 262)

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LET US HOLD FAST TO APRIL BY ETHEL JACOBSON

Let us hold fast to April, not with hands

That clutch and close, Not alone with these matching golden bands

And sonorous prose Of ritual intoned by candlelight.

Let us hold fast With a look as deep, as starswept as the night,

And with faith as vast.

Let us not seize with fingers that may mark

So frail a thing As almond bloom, the grace notes of a lark, or a moth's lace wing, But capture April with one shadow thrown

By two who tread Love's moonbright paths, and with an answer known

To thoughts unsaid.

Some may weave nets for joy, plait wordy strands,

Loose glittering darts—

But let us hold fast to April with open hands,

With open hearts.

EARLY EASTER

BY EVA WILLES WANGSGAARD

It's good to walk around this garden place

Now winters deepest chill has left the earth,/

The hour too young to -finger lilac lace,

To gild a feather, or for song's rebirth.

Magnolias strain against their furry shells, A Their rosiness protected still from cold, \

Above the snowdrops'timid ivory bells,

Starfaced anemones, narcissus gold.

A nippy breeze blows in devoid of sound,

A peony holds up a small red thumb,

New stalks push slowly through the chilly ground,

But late or soon inevitably they come,

Resurge of life my heart cannot refuse.

My pulse leaps up, goes running with the news.

J. Hatton Carpenter, Genealogist

I have passed my one hundredth birthday. Items pertaining to my

life and activities have been published at different times. I will

submit the following items on my genealogical research for my kindred and ancestors that the general public may know somewhat of the experiences I have encountered in obtaining the data I have gathered during the last fifty years.

I have never lacked for names. They kept coming from

unexpected sources until I have a record of 31,000 persons on the

CarpenterHatten and other blood lines; and 9,000 names of the

kindred of my two wives who were cousins to each other and were of German and Swiss ancestry.

When I joined the LDS Church in 1884, I had no idea of genealogy and what was ahead for me to do. My father died when I was

ten years old, and he knew very little about his kindred. It was

left to me to attend to such matters. My mother's kindred were all

well educated. Her father was a retired draper and a magistrate

in Gravesend, Kent, England; his sons were lawyers and bankers;

and the sonsin-law were medical doctors. They were among the

leading citizens of the towns where they resided.

When I was about nineteen years of age, I began to have strong impressions to do certain things. As I heeded these impressions, I

obtained the genealogical results required.

I visited Salt Lake City when I had my holidays to do so even back in 1900, some sixty years ago. I used to go to the Historian's

Office [formerly on site of present Medical Arts Building], to a room on the upper floor about 16 feet by 16 feet, where on shelves were the books the Genealogical Society had, and they were very rarely used. You could take a book down to read it, and your hands would

be smeared with the accumulated dust, showing that the public did not use the books very much. George Willis was librarian. Franklin

D. Richards was the first president of the Genealogical Society of

Utah. Later on, Sister Lillian Cameron and another sister were

in charge of the library, and they helped me with names and would read me their penciled sheets as they had copied them from London and other parishes to which they had access.

For the last fifty years I have never been without a name which can pass and be made ready for temple ordinances to be performed.

Personally I have obtained a great number of my names direct from the clergyman or minister who has the original registers in his keeping.

After sixteen years'silence the way was opened for me to obtain my father's line from Barton on Toni, Somerset, England, back to 1600. They owned and lived in the manor house in that hamlet,

raising cattle and selling them to the navy.

My mother's people, the Hattens, gave me my first great lineage:

Sir Christopher Hatten who was a favorite of Queen Elizabeth, living about 1560 to 1600, had his pedigree recorded by a herald named Dugdale, and this preserved the lineage of his ancestors back to Wolforth, the youngest of six sons, whose uncle was Hugh Lupus,

Earl of Chester in Cheshire, England.

I obtained a copy of this pedigree for a few dollars.

About 1530 there came from Holdenby, Northampton, William

Hatten, an uncle of Sir Christopher Hatten, the favorite Chancellor of Queen Elizabeth, and from him, my mother's people, the Hattens of Gravesend descended.

I later obtained the genealogy of the Vikings of Norway back to

Odin, 16 BC. There was always a male in line to carry this family

lineage on, but they are getting pretty scarce now.

Regarding our Carpenter lineage I will state that it became quite a surprise to me when I got in touch with a lawyer, Edwin

Jaquett Tellers, about 1930, from Philadelphia who had published a book De Carpentier Family of Holland and who was in close touch with a Eugene Carpentier, foreign secretary for Belgium in World

War I. The latter wrote me and gave me his lineage back to 1060 to The accomplishment of J. Hatten

one Roger who was a knight who fought in the First Crusade against the Turks or Saracens, so named. He was so dexterous with his Carpenter in genealogy is unique

battleaxe in hitting his opponents on the head, as a carpenter hits in the annals of the Church. For

a nail on the head with his hammer, that they gave him the name

Roger de Carpentier. He belonged to one of the ruling families of many years he served as recorder

French Flanders. In 1210, or so, two cadets of this family migrated

to England and settled in Dilwyn, Hereford County. The registers in the Manti Temple; has now

of Hereford Cathedral show some twenty Carpentiers who were passed his one hundredth birthday ordained Catholic deacons and priests. One of these Carpenters

went to Cornwall and located there, and some famous sea fighters but is still active in compiling recand admirals figured in naval battles with their French and ords in his beautiful penmanship

Spanish warships.

The United States has a large number of Carpenters. I have and in submitting them for Temthree printed genealogical books of different Carpenter families of

is a patriarch in thesettlers in New England states. In fact, there are more Carpenter ple work. He

families there now than in old England. South Sanpete Stake.

It has been a great joy and duty for me to perform for them the blessings of the temple, and I hope soon to get acquainted with The day after his hundredth annithem, as I am now in my 101st year and cannot expect to live in versary he wrote this summary ofmortality much longer. I have endeavored to give to my readers of

the above items some indication of the work involved in obtaining some of his outstanding geneathe names of our departed dead, so that we can give them the blessings obtainable for them through our temples. logical accomplishments.

Distinction and honor came to Brigham Young Said one stagehand following the loss, "I believe

University and the Church when the BYU "Varsity BYU is the most popular team we have ever had."He

Scholars"team attained the select circle of schools was speaking to another technician.

which have appeared in the College Bowl five times, The College Bowl is a halfhour "battle of the wits,"the maximum number a team can appear in the nationsponsored by General Electric and telecast over al "battle of the brains."CBSTV each Sunday afternoon. (3:30 MST.) The

In addition to widespread publicity, the team game is fast paced. The tension high. Questions are

also won $6,500.00 to be added to the BYU scholarframed around a multitude of subjects, most of which

ship fund. are covered in a liberal arts undergraduate curriculum.

Brigham Young defeated four teams—Long Island A tossup question is asked, which must be answered

University, Villanova University, University of Wyoby the individual member of the team who signals ming, and the University of Maryland—before dropping first by pushing a buzzer to indicate that he knows

their fifth and final contest to DePauw University. the answer. If the individual answers correctly, he

Even with one defeat the team brought honor to gives his team a chance to answer a bonus question, those it represented. Dr. Robert Thomas, coach of the which all four members may discuss. Tossup quesBYU team, stated: "They won like scholars, and tions must be answered immediately, bonus questions

they lost like lady and gentlemen."(The team was within two seconds.

composed of three men and one woman. The College Bowl began in 1953 on radio and ran

Four straight wins in the

of theBattle Wits BY REED H. BLAKE

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

jtm until 1956. It has been running on TV for three visiting art museums following his completion of

years, starting in January 1959. It is viewed by an a SwissAustrian mission. He plans to teach on the

estimated forty million people each week. college level.

Members of the BYU team were Todd Britsch, Robert Despain took a double major background

Provo, team captain; Robert Despain, Salt Lake City; to the College Bowl. He was graduated from Salt

Mrs. Marvin (Jojean) Loflin, Redlands, California; Lake City's East High School as a National Merit

and David Stone, Buenos Aires, Argentina; who were Scholarship winner and chose Cal Tech as his college.

selected from among one hundred applicants for Bob was going to be an engineer. At the Pasadena

the honor team. school he found himself taking more English than

To select the team, students and faculty were asked engineering classes. When he decided to transfer

to submit names of those they felt to be qualified. into English he talked to Cal Tech English professor

Students themselves could also apply. The testing J. Kent Clark, himself a BYU graduate, and author

included written tests in history, geography, ecoof the best seller, Kings Agent. Clark told Bob the

nomics, literature, and science; personal interviews teaching of English at BYU was on a par with that

and oral tests by a faculty committee; and contests of the best schools in the nation. Last fall he transexactly like that of the College Bowl itself in a ferred to the church university. "English,"Bob says,

"studio"built by the school's physical plant, including "is such a broad field. You can talk about it all night."

buzzers, which tested quick recall on a given fact—His special interest is American literature, "especially

the basis of the College Bowl contemporary."He plans to be a writer.

competition. Jojean Loflin came to BYU as an English major

The applicants were screened and shortly thereafter married her husband Marvin, from one hundred to twentyfour a graduate assistant in English. They have a twoto sixteen to eight and finally to yearold son, Michael. Jojean is described as having

four. a photographic memory. An avid reader, she read

All team members are seniors, two hundred books when she was in the sixth grade.

and three are English majors. She was especially strong in mythology. In speaking

Todd Britsch, whose father is of her son, she said, "I want to teach him to memorize, an associate professor of English to read, to appreciate good music."This thinking

at the "Y,"is a political science parallels that of her mother, an English teacher, who major. When asked of his strong died when Jojean was nine. "She gave me a lot

points in current affairs and of background."

music, Todd replied, "I guess it's In Argentina, at the age of ten, Dave Stone was because I've been around listenenrolled in St. Andrew Scots'boarding school. Though

ing to people who were discussing his family spoke English at home, all classes were things like this."In a sense he in Spanish. From St. Andrew's Dave went to the

is representative of LDS youth Anglican St. George's College, from which he was

where culture is a part of every graduated. In his five years of high school at both

home. "My family has always schools, Dave had three years of Latin, two years

been interested in music,"Todd of French, and five years of English and Spanish.

said. He was only five when his Science and math included one year each of botany,

father began taking him to the zoology, physics, hygiene, psychology, and trigonomBYU lyceum series. A faithetry; three years each of algebra and geometry; two

ful Saturday Metropolitan Opera years each of chemistry and physics. To finish their

broadcast listener, Todd, along secondary education and to prepare them for uniwith his parents, toured Europe, versity work, students also studied five years in history and geography, plus music, art, and logic.

It was this background, plus his four years in Engtheir appearance for Cramming in the lish at BYU, that Dave took into the bowl competition. "G.E. College Dec. 31, a nationBowl"

ally televised battle of wits, are the He is currently living in Provo with his parents. When

scholarly University Brigham Young he was sixteen, his family became interested in the

Stone, left, Loflin, Jojean team, David

Todd Britsch, and Robert Despain. Church and moved to (Continued on page 274)

... "Thou Shalt Love Thyself

LOWELL L. BENNION DIRECTOR SAUT LAKE INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

Ten young people were called up before braggard or showoff, who appears to be an their stake M ManGleaner class, and each egotist of the first order, is often found, on closer was asked to name one thing in his or acquaintance, to be a person who feels quite as inher character or personality which needed ferior as the shy person who withdraws into his to be eliminated or improved. With little corner. This phenomenon is so common that it leads

MB hesitation they began to report their habits one to believe there are no egotists in this world, of procrastination, degree of envy, lack of but only people who appear to be.

patience, withdrawal in social situations, Students of human nature believe selfacceptance lack of selfconfidence, quickness of temor a feeling of one's own worth to be one of the most per, or sharpness of tongue. basic psychological or spiritual needs of every human

The same group was then asked to name being. The other need, which has priority, is the

one thing in their personality of which they need to belong to others, to be wanted and loved.

were proud, one quality in which they reThese two needs seem to be inseparably linked in the joiced. They immediately became quite life of each individual. Man, conscious of himself

flustered and rather apologetic. It took and others, must feel accepted by them and by himtime and prodding to get them to think of self to enjoy life. One is quite as important as the

their good qualities. other.

This experiment has been reThere is no escape from oneself. One can ignore

CONDUCTED peated with a number of groups God and refrain from speaking to fellow men; but

BY THE and with much the same reacwho can escape himself except the mentally ill person

UNIFIED tion. People are conscious of who withdraws from reality and lives in a world of

CHURCH their limitations. They live with unreality—the schizophrenic. One can and does, of

SCHOOL their failures and sins but seldom course, greatly distort one's selfimage, but live with

SYSTEM consider their strengths and this selfimage, whatever it be, he must.

their virtues. Recently in another Jesus, with his profound insight into human nature,

MIA meeting several boys and girls were indicates that he understood the worth of every human asked: "Each of you give one reason why being in the sight of God and also the need for men

you are glad to be a human being."One to feel one another's worth and their own as well.

replied: He had a wonderful way of drawing both publicans

"The idea has never occurred to me."and sinners to him. They were searching for their

Again it took something equivalent to a own worth and redemption from guilt and rejection, block and tackle to draw from these young and Christ knew how to help them recover their selfpeople the reasons they had for rejoicing respect. Many heard him say, and doubtless believed

over their capacities for life; their capacihis words, "Go thy way and sin no more,"or "Thy

ties of mind, heart, hands, senses, and soul sins be forgiven thee; thy faith hath made thee whole."

—of a human being. Selfacceptance is not only a joy in itself and a

Anyone who counsels with young people prerequisite to the spiritual health of the individual, knows how many there are who reject but it is also a prerequisite to living other gospel themselves, who feel they are little better principles of great worth. A person, for example,

than the dust of the earth, who hang their who hates himself is not free to love his neighbor.

heads low. Selfrejection seems to be at the He is afraid to give of himself and will likely use

core of so many people's troubles, either as his neighbor and his faults to build up his own ego.

the cause or the concomitant. And since he feels that he cannot elevate himself, he

Even the loud, boisterous, and rude is likely to seek to bring his neighbor down to his own level through criticism and gossip. Starved

egos are inclined to feed on others as parasites, or cling to them as leeches. This they do quite innocently and unconsciously.

If one cannot accept himself, he is selfinvolved.

This precludes the maturity of meekness and the open, inquisitive, teachable attitude of humility. A

person so concerned with himself has great difficulty in being objective, in concentrating on his studies, in pursuing a knowledge of the reality about him.

Similarly and tragically, the person without selflove often feels estranged from God. How can he be

beloved of God, he reasons, when he hates himself?

And even though it can be explained to him that

God's love is constant, impartial, and unmerited, this he cannot feel.

In the Savior's memorable summary of the Law, he spoke of two commandments, the one like unto the other—love of God and love of neighbor. He also

recognized a third person to love when he repeated the Mosaic admonition, "love thy neighbour as thyself."Just what his thinking was toward love of self,

he did not, to our knowledge, elucidate. However, he

obviously either took it for granted or affirmed it when he told us to love one another as ourselves.

With the need and desire for selfacceptance so great, it is tragic indeed that so many people depreciate themselves. One may well ask, why? Human

nature is extremely complex and little understood, and the suggestions which follow are tentative, even though written with conviction.

Man is moral by nature. He not only acts but also

continually evaluates his behavior in terms of good and bad. Man is a dreamer, an idealist, and sometimes

is discontent with what he has and is. He is inclined

"... MAN, AS A CHILD OF GOD AND DISto measure himself by that which he would like to

CIPLE OF CHRIST, HAS EVERY REASON TO be. As an idealist, he always falls short of the ideal.

ACCEPT HIMSELF; BUT HE SELDOM DOES, Failure, sin, and accompanying guilt, haunt his introBURDENED WITH FAILURE, SIN, AND THEIR spective path as a tiger stalks its prey. Heavy is the

ACCOMPANYING DESPAIR AND GUILT, HE burden of guilt which such men carry.

REJECTS HIMSELF. BUT FINDING IT IM- A second reason for selfrejection may be the inPOSSIBLE TO LIVE IN COMPLETE SELFability of many people in our complex age to find

REJECTION, HE GRASPS AT EVERY STRAW TO adequate and meaningful ways to express themselves.

BUILD UP HIS SELFIMAGE."Life is meaningful (Continued on page 277)

APRIL 1962 249 THE WHEREABOUTS OF THE WHITMER "... There shall be a record kept among you; following books: The Autobiography of Andrew

..."(D&C 21:1.) Jenson, The Infancy of the Church, and The

In keeping with this early revelation given Historical Record of the LDS Church.

in the Whitmer home on the day the Church Preparing to leave Salt Lake City upon their was organized, the Journal History of the historical journey, September 6, 1888, Andrew

Church states that about seventyfive years ago Jenson writes that before taking the train for there was a growing desire by the Church Independence, Missouri, "together with Edleaders to obtain firsthand information about ward Stevenson [sixtyeight years of age] the places in the East from which the Morand [Bishop] Joseph S. Black, I went to the

mons had been driven forty or fifty years preHistorian's Office to receive instructions, as viously. That an accurate record of these the contemplated journey was considered as

places could be had in the Church, three expe- a mission of considerable importance. Bro.

rienced elders were called to go eastward over Stevenson, who had previously been over the the trail and report their findings for publiground... would go as my assistant, Bro. Black

cation in the Deseret Evening News. Before would go as my companion...."

this epochal journey of 6,722 miles was comAt the President's Office, the brethren were pleted, these three brethren had forwarded provided with means for their journey. They

to the Church paper eighteen historical articles, were then set apart by Elder Franklin D.

the first one appearing September 15, 1888, the Richards, a member of the Council of the others following in order. In this way there Twelve Apostles and Historian of the Church.

came into the files of the Historian's Office The twelfth historical article sent to the data of inestimable value. And as far as the Deseret Evening News concerns our theme

author can learn, the reports of these three today. The brethren write that they left the

elders now on file in the archives of the Church Joseph Smith, Sen., home in a hired rig with

are not to be considered as "fables agreed upon a driver from Palmyra, New York, who took by wishful thinkers."them three miles southeast to Hill Cumorah.

For many years these eighteen articles that After spending some time examining the Hill appeared in the Deseret Evening News have Cumorah, the elders then traveled southward been on file in the Historian's Library of the two miles through Manchester, and then to

Church. They have also been published in the Shortville, where they took a train twenty miles

j?mw#>mm0$$0: ''iPHMNUi

'WWKKmfS-'

- liini 'mjli'AAII wmm

E. GRANT, EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE LOG HOME CARTER

to Waterloo. From here they started on foot logs. (Journal of Discourses, Vol. 7, p. 372.)

southwest three or four miles to the Whitmer The Journal History of the Church declares farm. They no doubt held hopes that they that the Peter Whitmer home was sold by the

would find the old Whitmer log home still Whitmers, April 1, 1831, when the large Whitstanding—a home that had been built by Peter mer family followed the Prophet to Kirtland,

Whitmer some eighty years previously. It is Ohio. Seven of the sons and sonsin-law in

possible that these hopes were not too high, this group had signed their names in a most for just a few days before this, to their sursolemn manner as "witnesses"to the Book of prise, they had found the formidable old Mormon, and had testified that they had seen

Liberty Jail in ruins, a picture of which can the Book of Mormon plates; five of them debe seen in the Comprehensive History of the clared that they had turned the leaves of the

Church, B. H. Roberts, Vol. I, p. 524. This old golden records "with their hands."

jail with heavy rock walls and decaying timReporting the visit of the three elders to the bers had not been in use for thirty years, say Whitmer Farm, Andrew Jenson writes: "We

the journals of the brethren. came to the house of an aged gentleman

Describing the old Peter Whitmer home to [seventyfive years, according to Stevenson] by a large congregation at the April conference the name of John Marshall, who attended of the Church, Nauvoo, 1844, Sidney Rigdon meetings in the Whitmer home when a boy declared: "I recollect in the year 1830 I met [seventeen years, again from Stevenson] and

the whole Church of Christ in a little old logheard Joseph Smith and a number of other house about 20 feet square, near Waterloo, elders of the Church preach."By following

N.Y."(DHC, Vol. VI, p. 288.) Later, JanMr. Marshall's directions, the brethren were

uary 29, 1860, Elder Orson Pratt in the Old soon knocking at the door of a lumberframe

Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, said, "The house building, called by Stevenson, "the new house."

of Father Whitmer was... a log house.... Andrew Jenson's factual account follows:

In one small room of a log house, nearly all the "About four o'clock we arrived at the farm

Latterday Saints (east of Ohio) were colonce owned by Peter Whitmer, Sr., and now the

lected together."This was in the fall of 1830. property of Jesse Snook, a prominent businessSuch reports let us know very conclusively man of Waterloo, who rents it to Chester Reed,

that the Whitmer home was constructed of the present (Continued on page 281)

DEAD SEA SCROLLS For the past fourteen years, ever since the famous Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered by an

Arab shepherd boy in a cave in the Holy Land, interest in them has remained high. The people

of the community which seemingly produced the scrolls, probably between 125 BC and 86 AD, occupie?bimw$m&s of small towns on the northwest

been partially excavated, was situated in the forbidding ravin-e of Qumran, about a half mite frmn 4-fos* wtwre the principal scrolls were fowrujs*

in and the scrolls has been provided by Sister lla Kimball of Denver, Colorado, ivho has

I the Holy Land and the Qumran area sev*- vies during the past few years. The pictures

furnished through the courtesy of the

ine Aixhaeological Museum mi,

Ss43

W

General View of Khirhct (Arabic for "ruins") Qumran, 8 miles; south

of Jericho, on northwest shore of Dead Sea, one mile inland, sprawl the excavated ruins of Qumran. Ancient references; Josephus, Pliny ( the

Elder), Philo, Here, in 1947, a little Huckleberry Finn type of Bedouin shepherd boy accidentally discovered Cave 1 containing first of renowned

Dead Sea Scrolls. "

About 2,000 years ago Essenes retreated into Judean wilderness, striving to learn God's will. Forbiddingly

desolate terrain is earthquake riddled, sun and wind blistered.

Above: Seasonal rain water collected through aqueduct

and into Qumran cisterns. Below: Qumran Essenes lived

in individual tents and caves, but studied and worked in communal domestic quarter.

Above: Reconstructed Scroll Jar from Cave 1 conAbove: Essenes reused irrigation works of fortress. Cistern

taining Book of Isaiah. Shown are coins, lamps, cruse. steps cracked by earthquake about SI BC. Below: ReconBelow: Cave 4, "Essenes Main Library."Over 500 structed writing table and bench from Qumran Scriptorium on

manuscripts are in museums. which copyists recorded Dead Sea Scrolls in Hebrew, Aramaic,

or Greek..:.: '':. JliRS

Above: The Pantry. Countless potsherds (broken pottery) identify

communal kitchen area. Rulerlike object is called "Scale,"used in

measuring dimensions. Pantry measures about one meter long.

Two oxidized "Copper Scrolls"containing ambiguous writings of hidden treasure. Other scrolls

pertain to commentaries on scripture, devotional, hymn, and legal books. Segments of every

Old Testament book except Esther are represented. Scrolls

believed hidden on coming of conquering Romans. Mystery

envelops fate of Essenes.

.". "****** yWv J**** ve*tai -nWW m>*V* htm.* V4 I**- * * HS

,*Aw

-—A-.-.......4 M*W

JWV V*J*Spffl ttN&V***ft

m

mm%P

**fcv*Pmm\,: i

Above: "Manuscript of Discipline"outlined strict code for members. Methods used for dating scrolls: Pottery

and coin analysis; Paleography; Carbon 14 Technique. Below left: Pottery and bronze ink wells containing

nonmetallic ink. Scale in foreground. Below right: Scrollery in Palestinian Archaeological Museum, where scrolls

are restored by humidification and flattening; cleaning and reinforcement; and infrared photography; then

studied. Knowledge gained tends to lengthen the bridge of understanding between Judaism and Christianity;

also illuminates our concept of the spiritual and intellectual world in which Jesus lived.

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <Ol h Life is a highway you pass along just once. To enjoy the trip to the

fullest and to reach your destination successfully, you start where you

WHERE THE ROAD GOES

There is a fact so obvious that it would seem hard to avoid if one were

thinking--yet many individuals, young and older, seem not to be conscious of it.

It is that we choose the conclusion of an act when we choose to perform the

act; we agree to the results of a decision when we make it; we select a destination

when we start on a path or trail.

"He who picks up one end of a stick picks up the other. He who chooses the beginning of a

road chooses the place it leads to."1

The wise Solomon said:

"Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established."2

Which roads are you walking? Have you considered carefully the places

they lead to?

Have you pondered "the path of thy feet?"

Are you thinking with your mind --and not with your desires or envy or emotions?

Who, understanding that at the end of the path of clean conduct and cheerful

obedience lies selfrespect and quiet conscience and "joy unspeakable,"would not

choose to walk that way instead of some other? --.—

if she were thinking straight!

What one of us, aware of the destination for those who are honest and

dependable and have integrity, would not rush to the road leading to it?

if we were thinking maturely?

Which boy or girl, anxious for real happiness in a good home with a worthy

companion and fine family, would neglect the dayby-day things that lead to

them? if he or she were thinking well!

Fosdick 2See Prov. 4:2327

Who would not choose to prepare for a mission realizing what lies at the

end of that great spiritual adventure in faith and service? ------

if he were thinking right!

What individual, knowing the joy of activity and full fellowship in the

kingdom of God with the Saints, would follow misdirection to the bypaths of foolish

habits or corroding resentments or unworthy companionships? ---.--

if he were thinking wisely!

Which one, having sinned and knowing his need for the mercy and love and

longsuffering of God, would not choose the road of repentance and forgiveness

rather than continuing in the paths of unrighteousness?

i f he were thinking clearly!

Look to the road you are walking on! Consider what lies at the end of it.

"Ponder the path of thy feet"---and where necessary, turn back.

Pray for help to think clearly and walk wisely.

"Teach me thy way, Lord, and lead me in a plain path,..."3

*><&.

Think with your mind, seek the Spirit of the Lord, look to the end of the

road.

And as you look and ponder and pray, listen for the voice--

"And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left."4

By Marion D. Hanks

Psalm 27:11

Isaiah 30:21

LEGEND SLOW FULL SPEED AHEADg

Lj D lj TD u t-jTzrtu L-J u czrrjTzj u ujuuuuu uu uuuu lj u:

PLODDING 3= One foot first and then another, J=T=L rj Always going one by one,

Forging on some way or other L! L

Toward the blinding, blistering sun.

Plodding,

Never knowing what may wait Just beyond the rocky rise, Always coming, though often late

Because the sun was in our eyes.:-+==?

We plodded.

The air was hot and filled with dust;

The rocks were sharp beneath our feet.

But on we limped because we must... 3=3=

Step by step in the withering heat,

Still plodding. - I

Until at least it seemed as though

We wouldn't reach our goal in life, "'

When, always faltering, halt and slow 2==E We only stumbled on in strife,

Just plodding. iTT

And with heads bowed and eyes downcast

We heard the trumpets ring, And felt that we had failed at last...

Until we heard the angels sing \—+-rzn plodding, About

And looked and saw that in the night,

While struggling on just step by step,

We had finally reached the shining height

And left below the burning depth.

By plodding, n P- Joy filled our hearts; the trip was done.

No longer were we chilled or burned.

And kissing us were Father and Son....

It was for this that we had learned

To plod.

A BYU Student Lfc2 -M-

<j (J?

Short Cuts to Far Horizons Within our generation we have learned to do many things better and more quickly than have ever been done before within recorded time. This efficiency has given us many blessings and material advantages. We have seen the assembly line and the factory belt roll out

material goods at a speed that is almost beyond our belief, even though we know it to be so. We have seen the words of men travel with the

speed of light, and man himself move at more than half the speed of sound. But the byproduct of all this is the idea that we can make

short cuts to any destination we may have in mind. Those who suppose this, fail to differentiate between material and intangible things.

We may turn out automobile and airplane motors with everincreasing speed, but we can't build character faster than a man lives, faster than he gains experience, faster than he learns to cherish principles. We

can increase the production of household conveniences, but we can't find intelligence where it doesn't exist, or integrity where it hasn't been planted and nurtured. We can pour concrete across the course

of a racing river, but we can't pour honesty, courage, fidelity, devotion, way—theand selfreliancehard way,into asoursomechildrenwouldin nowany describeway exceptit. theWeoldfashionedmay revolutionize an industry in six easy steps, but beware of people who want to

make a man in six easy lessons—who offer to give us poise and culture

and talent and a commanding personality in a short time, for a stipulated price, with a minimum of effort. These, and all the other elements of human character, don't come by the speedup system. Looking

at the thing squarely, we must face the fact that there is no short cut to any worthwhile horizon, where man himself is concerned. And

those who think they are on a short cut are in reality on a detour.

Those who ignore rules and disregard the commandments are fooling themselves, and only themselves. Those who gamble for high stakes

with the issues of life, aren't gambling at all—they are playing a sure B game—a game they are sure to lose. "Strait is the gate, and narrow

is the way,"said the Savior of mankind, and those who travel the bypaths will find that they are chasing after mirages. No matter how

difficult it seems at times to live life in all of its fundamental soundness, both of preparation and of practice, it is, in reality, the easy way, because no other way leads anywhere that anyone wants to go. And

this all men would do well to remember when they begin to cast about for short cuts to glory and for easy access to the ultimate and intrinsic values of life.

Richard L, Evans

ffi

Signals and Semaphores by Leo J. Muir

God fashioned the first semaphores. They were the stars in the heavens.

These guided the travelers by land, the mariners at sea. Before the children

of Israel, we are told, he threw a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night, and in a later dispensation by a star in the East, he guided the three wise men to the manger where lay the infant Christ.

There are semaphores which we can be guided by today—eternal

semaphores of truth, wisdom, law. They are based on commandments

from God, experience of our race, the judgment of the ages, the voice of the past. From this vast semaphore, signals and warnings are ever flashing

before our eyes. These truths are the laws of success and failure. They do

not change from generation to generation. They are eternal semaphores.

L J mm....

mm

ii

Here are five signals thrown upon the vision.

They are old familiar road signs, erected in ages long past. They Joy is to be found in

have appeared in all ordinary things.

tongues and in the philosophies of all peoples.

They are infallible lawsof success and happiness./ h

'"1pp

i-m-v'V.1 Your speech betrays you.

The pursuit of easy things makes men weak. mm

He that soweth to the flesh shall of the flesh You will never have reap corruption.

a greater or a lesser dominion than over yourself. tracings on a leaf rainbows in gas puddles patterns in shadows

wz

THISKNOW

whoever you are, wherever you are, C whatever your road, whoever your traveling companions, the trip through life can be an adventure if you take in special points of interest along the way. Let your senses be

your guide and your life will be richer because of the experience of really seeing,smelling—imagining—thehearing, feeling,wonderstasting,of

this world. E C

f

the wind zinging through high tension wires,the idiom of contemporHEAR ary composers, the word of the Lord.

VS TX T=r Tzr "TX TASTE the new, the unusual, the ignored in foods fruit fresh from the vine water from a spring n

SMELL

lisalt air... newly mown hay

bread baking... wash on the line

JX:

the incredible softness of angora sand slipping through bare toes, an infant's grasp IMAGINE good deeds... worthy adventures

XLu

nd THERE IS NO ROYAL ROAD There once was a Pharaoh who wanted to improve his mind by learning geometry.

He sent for a great teacher whose name was Euripedes.

The study of geometry was progressing favorably when

the Pharaoh became impatient

and asked,

"Isn't there an easier way

to learn geometry than going

through all of this?"

"This is the only way,"answered Euripedes.

"But I am Pharaoh!"

"Aye, sire,"said Euripedes, "But THERE IS NO ROYAL ROAD TO GEOMETRY."

When it's your turn to travel—as a student, a H / tourist, a missionary, a summer

inquiring worker—make the trip more memorable by taking along a good disposition; an

eyes; a friendly V. P smile; a portion of patience; a notemind; a pair of bright "O* O

book for notes; grooming aids for quick repairs; a camera, n> of

course; binoculars, maybe; identification papers; a tote bag for toting it all (boys use an attache

or camera case; girls use anything / vjs \ from a burlap pouch to a tapestry

carpetbag.) See the scenic sights, the historic spots, the statues and

museums, the points of interest (<0=3 turn page ), anything different from home. Pick up the

p fand learn while you eKm look. Join in the delight of getting to know ALL aboutbooklets f p

that particular locale. Remember that half the fun is getting there, whether it's J&r*M by ship

or sports car, streamliner or bicycle or your own

3 )) count from the moment you leave home two feet. Make the minutes (9 i.

you return > UgP—a better person for having had a turn 4bpJ? at traveling

by Elaine Cannon Richard Pickering... University of

Maryland... voted

"Most Likely to Succeed"and "Best Allaround Boy"in Gay Johnson... stuhigh school at Sedent body president verna Park, MaryWest Chester High land... senior

School, Los Angeles class prexy...

... honorary mayor sports editor of

of Los Angeles, yearbook... varGirls'Week... sity letterman...

L. A. Mirror News wants to go on misYouth Panel... sion... branch

chosen one of six organist...junior

speakers from 600 delasst. Scoutmaster.

egates at L. A. Examiner Youth Forum...

four year seminary sgraduate.

YOUNG TRAVELERS

Data by Reed Blake

/ v I

Dorothy Ann Sloan... Norton High School, Kansas

... won first place honors

in state history test...

member debate squad...

won Kansas Authors Club essay contest... straight

"A"student... teaches

junior Sunday School...

wants to attend the Church university.

Craig Alder... Oklahoma

State University... runnerup in Illinois high school

wrestling championship...

president of student council... five individual awards

secretary of priests quorum.

Lloyd Allen Case... Brigham Young

University... awarded certificate

of merit, National Merit Scholarship

Corporation... finalist Oregon

Talent Search... Oregon Boys'

State... built radiotelescope in

home workshop... currently on

project to isolate a "lipo,"or fatbearing protein compound believed by scientists to exist in nerve cells... Duty to God Award... five individual awards.

I'D LIKE TO KNOW Q. What are the requirements to become

a seminary teacher?

A. 1. One who teaches in the seminaries or institutes

of the Church must have a testimony of the gospel. He must

be morally exemplary, living in conformity with the standards

of the Church.

2. Missionary service or comparable church experience is required.

Demonstrated devotion to the Church and its principles and a record

of church service are basic.

3. One must have a college degree to qualify, and a teaching certificate

is necessary. A program for advanced training must be in process or

contemplated.

A. Aptitude for teaching and genuine love for the Church and

for the youth are, of course, indispensable.

Application may be made to the Administrator of

Seminaries and Institutes of Religion at

Brigham Young University.

If we would MB H be free we must do more than live i n

a land that proclaims freedom. We must follow the road to

freedom. The road is plain; it has

been marked out by the Savior of all

men. There are four important requirements:

First, yoi ist learn the truth, concerning God, and tne purpose or your nte. secona, you must become master of

your own body. Third, you must learn to love both God and

man. And fourth, you must gain a testimony of the living God.

This is the road to freedom. This is the road taught by Jesus,

who found his people in political bondage—people who

sought to have him raise armies that they might strike off the Roman yoke, but

he said rather to them: "Ye

shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.'

Berrett THIS IS OUR "PROMISED VJLLLEY"

BY MAXINE THOMASON, ywmia general board

During the past year, to the ringing applause of The following are a few of the excerpts taken from over onethird of a million people, the curtain has "success"reports:

come down on more than three hundred and fifty "We were nearly two weeks from performance and performances of Promised Valley in MIA's throughout already we were sold out.... At the Pasadena Playthe Church. Thirtytwo thousand cast members and house we received 10 minutes of applause for curtain

production crews have acclaimed their participation calls at each performance.... The production came

in this production. out without a single derogatory comment.... It was

Many hearts were deeply touched by the religious Calgary's first major musical of the season, people principles exercised during rehearsals and performcame from 200 miles north and 200 miles south to ances. In the Bakersfield (California) Stake, for exsee it.... the enthusiasm of all participants and

ample, a young male member of the cast requested audience alike made us realize how starved we were baptism into the Church by a young man who was for 'welldone'musical drama.... We were told many

playing "Jed,"and who was leaving the next day for times over it was the greatest production ever prethe mission home. Between the matinee and evening sented to the people of Sacramento, surpassing even

performance the entire cast in full costume, went the production of our yearly 'Music Circus.'... Promto witness this sacred ordinance performed. ised Valley moved... it lived... it was professionThese great dramatizations were made possible by ally done... we still retain the warm glow."

dedicated executives, drama, dance, and music diThis mammoth production with a cast of from 100 rectors with an unwavering faith that it could be done, to 250 people was staged in wards where there was accepting the responsibility and forging ahead with only one exit and a small stage; it was taken to huge

enthusiasm and dedication. The project was a tre- "bowls"... to university auditoriums... college recmendous tribute to youth leaders throughout the reation halls... theaters... in the Greek Theater

Church. in San Diego... The Pasadena Playhouse in PasaPromised Valley was composed by Crawford Gates dena... Hunter College Auditorium in New York

with lyrics by Arnold Sundgaard, the result of an City... the Scottish Rite Auditorium in Stockton...

assignment by the Centennial Commission of the the beautiful new Hyart Theater in Wyoming... a

state of Utah in 1947. It was presented again in brand new community building in Idaho... and be1949 as a University Theater Summer Festival prosides these a multitude of stake centers and ward

duction. Then in 1960, Elder Gates, a member of houses throughout the Church.

the MIA general board music committee, adapted the Audiences watched in wonder the 100person cast original score for use in MIA in stakes and wards of where the average age was sixteen years... another

the church. where sixty percent of the cast members were under

Detailed letters from directors, musicians, actors, twenty years of age. Entire MIA's in some way conand spectators, in evaluating their experiences with tributed to the production and still played to a packed

Promised Valley stated almost without exception that house of "outsiders"on the night of the performance.

it was a fete that would make experienced directors In fact there were instances where entire communities shudder at the thought. Yet, in the final analysis, participated in one way or another. Imagine, too, the

critics proclaimed it as "an entirely amateur cast with cast that had participants ranging in age from three exceptional polish."years to eightythree years of age.

APRIL 1962 257 On many a stage were seen a husband and wife the leading man, Jed, suddenly and without notice combination cast for the leads of Celia and Jed. One resigned the part... but almost at curtain time who

couple took the script on a fishing expedition where should come on the scene in a remote Idaho village, from the center of the boat the wife whispered the but the "Jed"of the June conference cast... who

cues as her husband angled for fish. had gone to Idaho to do farm work for the summer

A male lead was sent to the hospital on the eve of and who without hesitation stepped into the familiar the performance with what the doctors diagnosed as role and saved the day.

"perforated ulcers"; his condition was serious... but The colorful pioneer history of Mormonism cannot

the cast fasted and prayed in his behalf, and at the be told without the story of the American Indian.

last minute he came through to play a triumphant Promised Valley not only brought out the white man role. Take, too, the case of the leading lady who, in Indian costume but also featured real Ute, Piute,

after several months of rehearsals, just two weeks Oklahoma, and the Navajo Indians in various casts.

before the performance appeared on crutches, but Audiences were thrilled with the authenticity of this with the spirit of many who played in Promised Valscene at every performance.

ley she went on... plus crutches!! The dancers ranged from those with training from

The characterization of Fennelly never ceased to studios and universities to those who were trained on steal the show, and this was true when one Fennelly the spot by ward and stake dance directors. They

used his own eight sons in the act. Another Fennelly, presented a dramatic spectacle in many of the, scenes.

weighing 300 pounds had never sung or appeared All the dance directors were dedicated people. We

before an audience... his antics and excellence of cite an instance when just previous to the performance

performance "brought the house down,"and he has one director met with an automobile accident which emerged another "star."sent her to the hospital, but she had drilled the dancers

Yes, there were many catastrophes such as the time so expertly that (Continued on page 272)

Scenes such as these were common throughout the Church. openair stage during rehearsal; And a welldeserved finale

Comedyrelief Fennelly speaks to "stars"Jed and Celia; Indian and curtain call. Promised Valley told the inspiring story of the

dance, often with real Indians, in which the philosophy of trek of the Mormon Pioneers, but each group made their presen- "It's better to feed them than to fight them"is given; Another tation sparklingly different as they added their own individual

Fennelly and family practise their lines and actions upon an touches to their performances.

8 HOI fe fSurc

II I V J

2Q 9A O C3

racinc outdoor..Jl WKBBimKtPromised Valley was well advertised as each group used streamers fromgHKplanes were used. Above is a billboard adverthe media they thought best. Newspapers, including sports tising presentation at famed Pasadena Playhouse (California).

and society page articles, handbills, radio, television, and

Hours of practice, sometimes hundreds of miles apart, then testimonies were strengthened, in some cases converts were together as a complete cast, brought a finished performance baptized, and rewarding experiences were enjoyed by all—casts

to Promised Valley presentations. The musical, while difficult, and audiences. Above photo is a practise session on a gym

turned out to be fun and enjoyment for the casts as they floor, typical of many of the casts that presented the exceeded their own high expectations. But more than that, musical play.

; n

WHYARE THEY NOT CHOSEN?

BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

z'

MA, 31.

ALMA, 31. withof him were *Shiblon i and 275 **"rianton Holy, 15.; and holy these God; are the bewe

that of those thou lieve who art God, wentat l*61 with and we that. believe the thou among 'Zoramites, art holy,n to 8 and *chose nJr?****& himfand unto thou the wast them spirit, that word. a that 1 1 / 7I and that lead them aWay spirit, art a thou aft* 8. the tl! and Now that 55 Zoramites e thou wer* * their of 1 spirit brethren be wilt a forever. J"r?dltion senters e from theon a"d Nephites-**'tha* their hearts nAf w?re forefore theythey hadhadehadhad hrftj. Holy God. 611.r!l**the we!L2r* t to 1 f awa* f'-.. <* preached God unto teSiW.>s-- J6iou hast separated c thero.** whkh

9. they But,h- ur had * falle thiin%SgXRelieve

,n {*** tradition the errors, of great fortid, pIe all they nyRWt rr had wouW offeS'utLnlf thanks was to observe handed Pe yhich dnw keep after Tz-j the thism, manner, conmL*? the'? r childishness hv the hf of merits God,of their and homes, fa- 'neve? hisffi?*-

; but believe to we according the JgEg*>r- of*} thers **their that God Maw of thou unfii +u n MoS electedch 10. assemNeither Tfct nsJoghy Wed holy would thev tfiSJSagain nW also children: and thoun, again togetherw\kd the to the performances hffr niolvaSI? of the untoilugJhajflTere JTEnown continue to shall c& 'prayer m anrfT'uhrist. bt—SKia** no fss to plication God daily 2 tW But thou 17. art not enter might into theaameyeatemptatfe today, jgrday, and:ly forever; e and 11. in Yea, fine, they elected hast dM usiW Pe?verse fhuild we shall 5 an? Unl?. vert the ways of the Wi?ed Lord whilst saved, all"their he g th aroundus instances; many htawereuCT 7* therefor* POn ejected to be *Id 'S* aw and castild upon GjTWih silver this cause, Alma Sj and upon his "SratEHown tohejijJorjEewEicTihe W? mannelnd J into ren went the land to JoHnesa, Cod,:k Thee i2lmi the unto word them. also thank we that ng thegjggg thefng 12. Now, elected us. when 2feiTiir&i "East that they Unt wa had iE not maycy into land, the after away behold, HKHed tKTfovU,ff fm?hr%rrde to trA -.3?chw. astonishment they "jfitions of our brethren up found his wHi?h %***?*, to thatT heavenre vo Zoramites had built syaSL O, howTonfffof rd>c, that they and did which oTchrist, sftho rH 2?* Sthffth!or - selves dotHTf; gathe/& together to on bindthemQa3Tjiirts shall one wander Tar day dweli from of here thSipbebwfP week, fleah, * 5 which day they to nur GodGod fur did call behold *? "JJft SUCJ JJna of the day Lord; 18. and again we tbir And fe they chien theeey after worship a that God, are manner we a fSdneSSamo Q chosen andid his and Alma brethren people. a hoiv -—Amem: had iun***** beheld 9 'hearta are "at ai0W swalfownH 2m, 13. ln they SFl*88 For his and Alma after their had a brethren place bail* Prideand Beholl ffi, O Godnd iiuhad sonssvua the center heardutMiu hisnis up theseuiese of unto m their cry thee, prayersprayers Z*. wfthrtLit d'lheych gogue, a werewere "place astonishedastonished theythey 6 for all standS Sffedu"""J beyondbeyonJTUNer eTeftl which was high measure. above the with the vain )S:;so ol the top behold, and PthS 20. For thereof every fiSffi would man did 're S forth one admit offer and person. go up the same costly thr P'apnardWO P prayers. 14. Therefore, il whosoever leta d* and thJFr bracefete the 21. place sired Now worship to was d called ei must forth go?"naments of fu them 1 ti g stand by Rameumptom, andns upon the top which aS thereof

interpreted, being islis stretch forth and the his holy handsUhe heaven, wards and cry with a stand.

22.. Now, from this: voice, loudok saying stand they and offer did every up, e, Al. 27. man, see see self- q, the 2j7aT. 30. PSLthemJ f TiimT* yet?ntS 17. ic42. see Al. 30. j, 2j, vafs.vers. k, no, 16.17.lfi. see.. f"""—r-: tvp, mm* ojffi

i, 23. vers. 21, rr7U About B. c, t Aaotn B. c. 74.

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bible readers as well as persons interested in retheir exceeding faith and good works;... being left

ligious history are familiar with the concept of a to choose good or evil... they having chosen good,

"chosen"line of God's children and that there have and exercising great faith, are called with a holy been individuals especially "chosen"to serve the calling...."

Lord and his people and his holy purposes. Members "And thus they have been called to this holy calling

of the Church know that latterday scriptures also on account of... their exceeding faith and repentdeal with these themes and shed important light ance, and their righteousness before God, they chooson them. ing to repent and work righteousness rather than to

How are men "chosen"by the Lord? In what way, perish."(Alma 13:1, 3-4, 10.)

by what standards, for what purposes? It is, then, as the prophets have said: The Lord

chooses those who in faith choose him.

These matters have sometimes been misunderstood. There is a classic example in the Book of To the Saints in Kirtland in 1833 he said,

.. these are many who have been ordained amongMormon story of the apostate Zoramites who built ".

a high stand in the center of their synagogue which you, whom I have called but few of them are chosen."

they called "Rameumptom,"upon which they would Why were they not chosen?

climb, stretch forth their hands towards heaven, and "They who are not chosen have sinned a very griev- "cry with a loud voice, saying: ous sin, in that they are walking in darkness at noon-

"... Holy God, we believe that thou hast separated day."(D&C 95:5-6.)

us from our brethren;... and thou hast elected us They had chosen to walk in darkness rather than

that we shall be saved, whilst all around us are elected in the light!

to be cast by thy wrath down to hell; for which From Liberty Jail in Missouri in 1839, the Prophet

holiness, O God, we thank thee;... Joseph Smith wrote a sublime and moving document

"And again we thank thee, O God, that we are a in which were included these familiar and impreschosen and a holy people."(Alma 31:14, 1618.) sive words,

Alma, who had observed this sorrowful spectacle, "... there are many called, but few are chosen.

later counseled his son Shiblon concerning the And why are they not chosen?

Zoramites and their false understanding of what it "Because their hearts are set so much upon the means to be "chosen."things of this world, and aspire to the honors of

"Do not pray as the Zoramites do, for ye have seen men, that they do not learn this one lesson—

that they pray to be heard of men, and to be praised "That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably for their wisdom. connected with the powers of heaven, and that the

"Do not say: O God, I thank thee that we are powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled

better than our brethren; but rather say: O Lord, only upon the principles of righteousness."

forgive my unworthiness, and remember my brethren Then follows a marvelous admonition and warning in mercy—yea, acknowledge your unworthiness before against sin, pride, vain ambition, compulsion, unGod at all times."(Ibid., 38:1314.) righteous dominion, and this summation,

How are individuals "chosen?"In the first chapter "Hence many are called, but few are chosen."

of the Book of Mormon, Nephi bears his testi- (Ibid., 121:3440.)

mony that, To the Saints in Missouri in 1834 the Lord said, "There has been a day of calling, but the time has "... the tender mercies of the Lord are over all

(Ibid., choosing."for of a 105:35.) daythose whom he hath chosen, because of their faith,..."come

still is of choosing. a day Ours Those who listen

(1 Nephi 1:20.) to the Lord and harden not their hearts, who magnify To the people of Ammomhah, Alma taught the

their callings, obey the holy ordinances leading to plan of salvation and then said, "... the Lord God ordained priests, after his holy exaltation, and endure in faithfulness and righteousness are choosing the Lord, and thus manifesting

order, which was after the order of his Son, to teach that they are anxious to be worthy to be "chosen"these things unto the people.

by him. They are in a sense choosing themselves.

"[These teachers were]... called and prepared

from the foundation of the world... on account of The Lord chooses those who in faith choose him!

APRIL 1962 261 The Future at Stake "You sound bitter. After all, this ute! She has never talked like

is just a date; the guy isn't going to that before!"

(Continued from page 242) be our sonin-law!""Janet, whoa! You're borrowing

driving? Roberta must be getting All Janet's good resolutions about trouble! One date, and you have

out of our class!"not worrying Tom evaporated in them at the altar! Look, they're just

Janet shook her head. a wave of anguish. She just had to a pair of kids. Marriage probably

"No, I don't really think so. I've share this problem! hasn't entered his mind!"

met his mother at P-TA. Eddie is "That's just the trouble,"she "Of course they're just kids! And

her only child, and she has always wailed. "You don't know how she kids younger than they are getting

gone overboard, giving him anything idolizes the boy! And now that he's married every day. And what boy

he wanted. I imagine she was quite in uniform it makes him seem even wouldn't ask Roberta to marry him?

happy to finance the evening, and more glamorous! Do you know what She's so pretty and sweeee-et!"

lend her car. Probably even filled she said? She said that if he asked The last words were drowned in

the gas tank."her, she would marry him in a min- a rush of tears.

ast By Our Constitution

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR

In the Share a Footsteps Miracle Of Jesus 3.

IRA J. MARKHAM DOYLE L GREEN

A memorable, vicarious "What Is Your Probtour through the Holy lem?"this new book

Land via unsurpassed asks. What can you do

pictures and illuminatto overcome present 1. ing articles. Elder difficulties and live a

fuller life? Gair Green, Ediricher, Managing An impressive compilation of discourses into your new insight of tor The Improveon freedom, the American way of life, ment Era, has captured problems and improve

and the Constitution of the United the inspiration and yourself through is the Church activity in of the land States by the late President J. Reuben beauty answer. Learn what Jesus which walked Clark, Jr. Included are such titles as: with breathtaking origwonderful blessings are

"Our Dwindling Sovereignty,""Let Us inal photographs and yours when you proceed

Have Peace,""America—A Choice clear, concise narration. the Gospel way.

Land Above All Other Lands,"and Littleknown details $1.95

"Why I Am An American."This voladdfascinatingzest andaccount.life to this

ume is the first in a series on the life $1.95

and teachings of President Clark.

$2.95

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

"Now, Janet."Tom tried to reNow she's getting to be a woman. he only knew about that handsome

assure her. "Remember, this is Next fall, she'll go away to college. Marine I came so close to marrying

Roberta you're talking about. She's Are you going to be worried about when I was just about Roberta's

levelheaded and knows where she's her all the time then? Sometime, age!

going. She isn't going to jump into you have to let children grow up Later, she sat in the kitchen, idly

marriage or anything else without and make their own decisions. Berearranging drawers. Tom and

a lot of thought. She's reliable, and lieve me, Bobbie will make the right Timmy were in bed asleep. Trust

dependable, and I won't have you ones! Now, go powder your nose, Tom never to let worry keep him

acting as if she were someone and I'll take you to a movie. We'll awake! The prom wouldn't be over

who needs to be worried about find a nice sad one, so you'll have for another hour, and Janet knew constantly. someone else to cry over."she shouldn't wait up for Roberta.

"Remember this. We've done our Tom is right, thought Janet as she Sighing, she arose and took off her

part, and brought her up sane and hastily removed her apron and ran apron.

sensible, with a good sense of values. a comb through her hair. But if The front door closed softly.

Life's Directions

From the minds and hearts of the greatest W. CLEON SKOUSEN

men in the Church ARCH/BALD F. BENNETT As a teacher, father of five boys, former FBI

come messages for the The author, a Fellow of man, and former chief of police, Elder Skousen young. President David the American Society of is a wellqualified authority on boys and their

0. McKay, Presidents Genealogists and librarproblems. This enlivening book digs deep into

Kenry D. Moyle, Hugh ian of the Genealogical the heart of boys to give parents more insight

B. Brown, Joseph FieldAssociation, leads readand understanding. For anyone concerned with

ing Smith, and former ers into an awareness of young men, this book is a must! $4.50

President J. Reuben the importance of reClark—as well as many cording the lives of an- [jlllllllJil: ->.

others—give to youth cestors and subsequent

their choicest directives work. ordinance As its Co. DeseretlsiBooh for building strength implies, Searchname..--*j 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah

in living. finding and joy points Success ing With

Parents as well as youth the way, gives many DESERET BOOK COMPANY will find this an inspiravaluable suggestions 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: tional priceless adand will that lead to success

Enclosed will find: you check.. I order money dition to libraries. their in the allimportant have an account. Please charge... enclosed Amount.. $

$2.50 field of genealogy. for encircled (numbered) books: 1 2 3 4 5 6

$2.95 Name Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

April 1962 263 Janet glanced at the clock. Just me. I have to say this in my own "Is that what made you come in

about midnight. Surely it couldn't way."so early?"she asked.

be Roberta! Aloud, all Janet said was, "Fine. "Well, there wasn't any sense in

It was. Roberta tiptoed into the I was just getting ready for one myprolonging the misery, was there?

kitchen. self. There are some cookies in Oh, how could I have been so

"Hi, Mom. I hoped you would the jar."mistaken!"

still be up. Have a glass of milk Four cookies later, the girl again "Mistaken about what, Honey?"

with me?"found her voice. Janet asked, in wideeyed innocence.

The nonchalant tone of voice was "Now I know what 'fiasco'means.""Oh, Mom! I have the emptiest

just the least bit overdone. Janet Such a short, uninformative senfeeling! There seems to be someknew the signals. What the innotence! Yet suddenly, Janet's world thing missing—and I think"—with

cent question really meant was, "I was again rightside up, circling in a rueful smile—"I think it's my childwant to talk, but please don't rush its own little orbit. ish illusions! The knight in shining

armor on a white charger turned out to be a very dull little boy who never should have been given a driver's license!"Breaking the chain of the"Well,promyouanddon'tcamemeanhomeyouearlyleft entirely because of his lack of drivtemptation... ing"Oh,ability,no; dothatyou?"was just one part

of it. We left early because he said

RICHARD I. EVANS the dance was just for kids. He

wanted to go to the College Inn—

We have in recent weeks been speaking of resolves, but I knew you wouldn't like that, of those who make them wisely, of those who make so we drove around for a while,

THE them rashly, and of the virtue and value of quiet arguing about it. He said that you

SPOKEN that to know, it was need and of consistency chardidn't character—the and constancy WORD for at least childish see not to of me to see things through. acter best of us resolve "The

to do better, and the worst of us resolve it even more stringently,"myself what the place is like. Childsaid one understanding observer. "That is the curious and pathetic ish! You should have seen him,

thing about this promisemaking to the future.... [But] it is their trying to prove that he was better

perennial proclamation to Heaven that beneath the broken wings than any driver in the speed races.

of life they still retain a spiritual likeness to the God of all goodIf Dad ever saw me driving like ness. And as such they command respect... it is important to that—well, anyway, we stopped at

lend them a helping hand.... [But] a word of advice": [and this the malt shop, and talked for a

citation is significant] "If we showed more wit in avoiding tempwhile. The only trouble with that

tation, we should find it easier to keep our... resolutions."1 It is was, there is only one subject he

never wise to tempt temptation, to hover closely near the edge of can talk about—Eddie Hollister! For

a precipice, to see how far we can go without going too far. It is an hour I heard about what a great

wiser, if possible, to separate ourselves from the associations or sailor he is, and how his officers environment that tempt us to idleness or indolence or evil. And don't know a thing, and all the ways

a big part of the battle is in breaking the chain of events, in changhe has discovered to get out of ing the routine that leads to temptation. And "do not depend too work, and how the girls always preblindly upon the supernatural. The devil is also supernatural;... fer him to an officer. What a 'hick

[And] it is because we stay in the same old ruts so persistently that town'this is, after all those he's our own particular devil knows so well where to find us.... The seen!"

thing to do is to change tactics... Z'1 Therefore, when temptation "It sounds as if he were trying

comes "take a header somewhere.... Use your imagination, think terribly hard to impress you."

of something innocent and daring to do, and keep up your adven- "Impress me! Me! I always

tures till the astonished nerves and brain react and you forget in thought he was everything a man the novelty of new experiences the awful craving. Many a man should be. I had him way up on

would save himself... if he walked as far into the woods as his a pedestal. Now I find out that his

strength would carry him, or if... in such an emergency [he would feet aren't made of clay—all of

.. talk to important to someone]. thing is break. The is!"the him

. routine to the of temptation: run, [chain]. Z'1 to break to walk, "Perhaps that's the trouble. Mayto talk, to think, to pray, to remove ourselves from the rut, from be you expected so much that any

evil. the of very attitude wit and atmosphere more "If we showed have he had turned out would.. way it in temptation, avoiding easier our. to keep find we should It's awfully a disappointment. been

resolutions."1 hard for any mere mortal to remain

Editorial, The Independent, January 7, 1903. on a pedestal, you know."

"I know. But the worst thing is,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the I'm humiliated with myself for

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 14, 1962. Copyright 1962. making such a big thing of it! I

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the brand DISTANCEbrand thePOWER

Road tests—as well as laboratory tests—show that Conoco Premium gasoline neutralizes certain harmful

Conoco Premium gasoline can give your car up to 17 effects of combustion deposits... can give your car up

extra miles per tankful! to 15 per cent more power! Why don't you try Conoco?

CONOCO

the Hottest Brand Going.

1962, Continental Oil Company

APRIL 1962 265 used to laugh at the other girls mind, and gave the image Eddie's such a big event turn out to be so when they thought some boy was so features. There probably never disappointing."

special, and I could clearly see that could be a mortal being with all the "I'm sorry I was so mean to you.

he wasn't. I'm even worse than good qualities you imagined Eddie You knew how it would turn out,

they were, because I have deceived had. The important thing is that didn't you?"

myself for so long. I guess I'm kind you didn't go on trying to see those Janet grinned. Hardly!

of stupid."qualities in him.""No-o-o, I didn't have any idea

"Why, no, honey. The trouble is, "It just goes to show that I've still how it would turn out. I must conyou thought he was unattainable, got a lot of growing up to do. I fess that you had me more than

and so it was perfectly safe to enguess the prom wasn't too much of a little worried. You'll admit that

dow him with all the qualities your a failure, if it showed me that."you weren't acting like yourself."

ideal ought to have. You created "That's right,"Janet agreed. Roberta poured herself a third

an impossibly good man in your "That's some consolation for having glass of milk.

"Well, it shows that the poets know what they are talking about.

Remember the one that goes, 'The earthly hope men set their hearts upon, turns ashes'? I wanted a date

with Eddie, and I got it. So I should

It happy. be isn't everyone who

gets his heart's desire."Debt—a sort of slavery

"Yes,"Janet agreed. "But think.

RICHARD I. EVANS What if your idol hadn't ever fallen.

Why, you might have married some

There is a subject timely at any season, and that perfectly fine man, and never aphas to do with debt. To a conscientious person, preciated him because he didn't

THE unfulfilled obligations are always a cause for conmeasure up to this—this paragon of

SPOKEN cern. One reason is that he who owes another does yours!"

WORD not altogether own himself or his own future. Some "I guess you're right. But did he

of his time, his life, his substance, is not in honor his so long as he have to land on my dancing slippers owes others. And one of the great lessons to be learned by those when he fell?"Roberta pointed to

beginning life together—as well as those who have lived long—is that a pair of badly scuffed satin slippers,

payment must follow promises; that good credit, the right to be new that very afternoon. Laughing,

trusted, is one of the most valuable assets of life—and that debts don't Janet shooed her off to bed.

dissolve themselves. In all honor, debts must be met, value for The smile lingered on Janet's face

value, and what we can't afford or pay for today is not necessarily as she returned the milk to the easier to meet tomorrow. As a whimsical economist has commented: refrigerator and cleaned up the

"Expenditure always rises to meet income."1 But it doesn't necescookie crumbs. Never again, she

sarily work the other way: Income does not necessarily rise to vowed mentally, would she undermeet expenditure. And it matters little how much we think we estimate one of her children.

want something, if the debt incurred in getting it is a burden and Something was bothering her, embarrassment, the lustre of it is soon lost. A past due, unpaid, though. All evening she had been

or unpayable debt is a sort of slavery. We can't necessarily begin trying to remember something—and

where others are or where others have arrived after long years of couldn't. The memory evaded her.

sacrifice and service. "Be content [not] to want things that are not What had been that handsome

of absolute necessity, rather than to run up the score": said Sir Marine's name?

Matthew Hale, "such a man pays, at the latter end, a third part more than the principal, and is in perpetual servitude to his creditors; lives uncomfortably; is necessitated to increase his debts to APRIL CAPRICE

stop his creditors'mouths; and many times falls into desperate

courses."2 "A mortgage casts a shadow on the sunniest field,"3 BY ETHEL JACOBSON

said Robert G. Ingersoll. And Emerson observed, "A man in debt

is so far a slave."4 Human wants are insatiable. Man is seldom April smiles uncertainly,

satisfied. And restraining the wants that would lead us deeper into Then flees in sudden fear

debt requires selfcontrol, and not being too much troubled by the To turn and whisper blandishments problem of comparison. Furthermore, consolidating debts doesn't In your ravished ear.

pay them. It merely changes the time or place of payment. We

should look to what we owe, to what we have, to what we need, April flees—but not too far,

to what we can do, and seek ever to be solvent. There is little And leaves a petaled trail

influence that anyone has unless he is sound and solvent. You may pursue—to grasp, and lose,

fringe of cobweb veil. aCyril Northcote Parkinson. A

2Sir Matthew Hale, Eng. jurist, 17901879.

Ingersoll, G. Farming About 3Robert in Illinois. Now a wanton, laughing low, Wealth. Life: 4Emerson, Conduct of Now to tears inclined,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the April is a flighty girl

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 21, 1962. Copyright 1962. Who doesn't know her mind.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here comes your house over Union Pacific... the

CHICAGO

ST. LOUIS

DEPENDABLY BETTER FOR FREIGHT

COMFORTABLY BETTER FOR YOU

Everything it takes to make a home—

lumber, nails, paint, furniture, appliances—even shrubs, trees and the car in the

carport—are constantly moving the

automated rail way along the Union

Pacific. Electronically controlled classification yards, microwave and direct dial

communications, data processing, centralized traffic control... all these and

a fleet of modern giant locomotives keep today's freight moving swiftly and Best way for you to go, too. For information, reservations

or help with your transportation needs, see your nearest smoothly. For dependable transportation Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

Union Pacific is your answer.

APRIL 1962 267 YOUR REWARD... IF YOU DON'T DRINK!

You are entitled to receive LOWCOST HOSPITALIZATION

NO WAITING PERIOD! NO AGE LIMIT! NO SALESMAN WILL CALL!

will turn next, whose one knows No be AMERICAN THE ONE ARE not whether yours or mine. does YOUin four drink, we But who know we do

are pleased and proud to offer the Gold that a fall on the stairs in your home or

Star Total Abstainers'Hospitalization Polon the sidewalk, or some sudden illness icy, which will pay you $100.00 a week in or operation could put you in the hoscash from your first day in the hospital, pital for weeks or months, and could cost

and will continue paying as long as you thousands of dollars.

GOLD STAR BENEFITS are there, even for life! How would you pay for a long siege in

GUARANTEED IN WRITING ordinaryIf you dohospitalizationnot drink andinsurance,are carryingyou theexpensivehospitaldrugswith costlyand medicines?doctor bills,Manyand

folks lose their car, savings, their even the acfor to helping pay of course are weekly, Pays $100.00 you home, hopelessly in are sunk and bills debt of those do. who cidents and hospital are in.. while you FREE in cash, TAX

for of in the rest lives. addition their to hospital the Workmen's Comsurely nation's hope our drink. Alcoholism We #3 is now

insurance hospital other or pensation any this to won't you. happen Remember, beimmediately ranking problem, health carry. you may the tells it is once doctor you your turn cancer! Those disease and heart hind

in world. the anywhere Good k it's to enter the hospital, too late to to inresistance buy reduced have who drink

k Policy good in all 50 states! fection and are naturally sick more often coverage at any price.

ir Guaranteed renewable (only YOU can canand longer than those who do not drink.

cel). Yet their insurance—UNTIL NOW—cost

fr No age limit. the same as yours. NOW with the Gold

k Immediate coverage; full benefits go into Star Plan, your rates are based on the The Qold Star Plan

effect the day your policy is issued. SUPERIOR HEALTH RECORDS of NonMakes It Easy!

k There is no limit to the number of times Drinkers! Why should you help pay for

you can collect. You pay only for protection! the hospitalization of those who ruin With a Gold Star Total Abstainers'Hos-

k No waiting periods. Pays from very first day their health by drinking? Gold Star repitalization Policy, you receive $100.00 per

you enter the hospital. wards you instead of penalizing you for week (or $14.29 daily) in cash, as long

ir No policy fees, enrollment fees, nor memnot drinking! as you remain in the hospital; if your

bership dues! Now, for the first time, you can get the hospital stay is less than one week, you

ic Policy is mailed to your home. No salesman newest and most modern type of hospitalstill collect at the rate of $14.29 per day.

will call. ization coverage at an unbelievably low Even if you are already covered by

is policy, another ofthe Policy Star directly can Star will rate paid Gold the Gold because are Plan and to you benefits bills hospital, doctor rent, food, for be used this that supplement polcoverage With fered to nondrinkers. will only and pay

wish. you directly, k—anythingAll in in $100.00 addition cash to receive you a week present icy, you your

Claim checks sent air mail special delivery. from the first day and as long as you repolicy.

-k Every kind of sickness and accident covered, main in the hospital! This money is paid This wonderful, generous protection

hospitalization caused by course, of except cash to you in prenarcotics, or beverages of alcoholic use doctor hospital or or pregwar, of to be bills—anythingused for rent, food,you costs19 throughonly $4 64,a monthor $40forforeachtwelveadult, fullage any act conditions, existing

nancy. Everything else IS covered! wish. Your policy cannot be cancelled by months. For each child under 19, the rate

the company no matter how long you reis just $3 for a month's protection. And

main in the hospital or how often you are for each adult of age 65 through 100, the

ADDITIONAL GOLD STAR BENEFITS sick. And the present low rate on your premium is only $6 a month or $60 for

policy can never be raised simply because a full year.

old, claims, too get or have And, remember, but Star, you with many Gold the death. accidental for cash $2,000.00 PAYS

in of rate general a adjustthe Hospital only event is Plan, there NOLIMIT NO of loss for one cash $2,000.00 PAYS for all policyholders! or long on in up down hand, or ment can stay you LIMIT how the eye. of one sight one foot or

people will hospital, of every seven out One the LIMIT of on number NO both loss of for cash PAYS $6,000.00 collect in the this year. hospital time can (and times you the hands, spend some Company eyes. of both sight or or both feet,

Every day over 64,000 people enter the can never cancel your policy), and NO hospital—47,000 of these for the first time! LIMIT on age!

INC. VALLEY FORGE, PENNA.DE MOSS ASSOCIATES,

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.PAYS $100.00 WKKLY from FIRST DAY.

Even for Lift to readers of Lift AND HEALTH

Read what a blessing this has been to others:

We would like to tell you about a GERZILDA HENDREN -SALINAS, CALIFORMR. E. G. GODDARDTUCSON, ARIZONA:

NIA: "Thanks so much for the check. It sure "We are well satisfied with the service rendered

lowcost hospitalization plan that offers talhelpsbillsout areat a sotimehigh.whenThanksyou getagain!"down and hospibymendDe thisMossinsuranceAssociates,to ourInc.,friends."and heartily recom-

C. MR. M. MISS ILLIWM. ESTHER ALTON, MOOREEAST NELSONEVERETT, advantages!you many special to for sincerely "I "Thank want NOIS: WASHINGTON: the you thank for check for the you

received $500.00 yesterday. I quick have and service. courteous been telling illness very My

others about insurance, your I sudden and have now and as I unexpected; proof had policy had leading HINES, JEROME with mywas bass the Metroof your trustworthiness. help Your short was wonderful a time. the for Lord your politan Opera at this "The Company: nondrinker time, so soon after taking out this insur- I is a onlyCompany. truly can I recommendthank the Star Gold

ance."Policy to better risk anyone."should and insurbe entitled to a better

ance rate. There has long been a need for a spe-

V. cial MRS. T LI N, H A PSO hospitalization BLANCHE M for plan total abstainers. Hav- B. IDA MRS. INDIANA: COUTSMUNSTER. "Thank very forN-M you OREGON: much check to sincerely want "I thank for ing the you prompt and for known Art De long time, Moss a most I received I am for which recent surgery. I my theWhen satisfactory settlement of claim couryour my and the took policy never it thought I would need this happy cost to recoimmend low Policy. Star Gold teous it. It toward a to was Godsend me, I soon. so can recommendI your service group and

I as above the It should to to procure prove age real amattitude help insurance."to blessing a good be very highly."and

all who can qualify."

J. C. PENNEY, founder of the famous retail chain:

"I have a sincere conviction that liquor is one of the chief causes of unhappiness. Early in my life, I decided not to touch liquor, even in moderation. RUSH COUPON NOW!

of the which Plan to know Gold Star I am delighted TO ASSURE YOUR PROTECTION rate to provides nonmuch lower a premium drinkers. Most auto and other accidents occur beAPPLICATION FOR

cause of drink."

Gold Star Total Abstainers'Hospitalization Policy

UPTON SINCLAIR, Pulitzer Prize Author: "I think Name (Please Print) 0-1-4291042

discount the insurance giving of people idea your Street or RD # lives with their shortening earn they by not which

Zone County State to glad is be City brilliant one, alcohol and a I am counted in on it."Date of Birth: Mo Day Yr Ht. Wt

My occupation is Age My beneficiary is Relationship

I also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

NAME AGE HGHT. WGHT BENEFICIARY

1. HERE'S ALL YOU DO: \ 2.

3. Fill at right. \ out application O 4. Enclose with in an envelope k

your first payment. To the best of your knowledge and belief, have you or any person listed above ever had

Mail to DeMoss Associates, Inc. highhave oryoulowor bloodthey, withinpressure,the heartlast fivetrouble,years,diabetes,been disabledcancer,byarthritiseither accidentor tuberculosisor illness,or

to condition, advised medication advice or been or treatment, medical for any surgical a Valley Forge, Pa. hadhave Yes operation? No takenQ

of attending If so, affected, date, details stating and address give cause, person name physician and whether fully recovered: YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR GOLD STAR POLICY 4

PROMPTLY BY MAIL NO SALESMAN WILL CALL.

Neither I nor any other person listed above uses alcoholic beverages, and I hereby do i apply for a policy with the understanding that the policy will not cover any conditions existing prior to the Issue date, and that it shall be issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions.

Signed: Daft **V FORM GS 713-3

MoneyBack Guarantee.IF YOU PAY IF YOU PAY

We'll mail your policy to your home. No salesman HERE MONTHLY THE GOLD STAR PLAN

folby underwritten the adult Each call. In the privacy will read the home, of your own

leading lowing companies 1 9-64 pays it carefully. over. policy by it checked Examine Have age 40. (dependingis State your upon

your lawyer, your doctor, your friends or some trusted Each adult age of residence).

pays 65100 LIBERTY LIFE NATIONAL a sure it provides advisor. exactly what we've told Make iOW INSURANCE COMPANY

1 child Each if age reason for any whatsoever you it does. Then, you Pa. Valley Forge, are not fully satisfied, just mail your policy back within and under pays h 30. OLD SECURITY LIFE

ten days, and we'll cheerfully refund your entire premINSURANCEKansas City, COMPANYMissouri ium by return mail, with no questions asked. So, you WORLD MUTUAL HEALTH t

PAVIN6 YMRlVi'ACCIDENTKing of Prussia,INS. CO.Penna.OF PA. see, you have everything to gain and nothing to losel w$sm$ SAl

THIS MAIL /ITHAPPLICATION YOUR PREMIUM FIRSTTO i DE MOSS ASSOCIATES INC. JSE F0RGE ECIAL PR0TECT1C SPECIAL PEOPLE"

APRIL 1962 269.. out of the earth shall they [theGold Plates and the dynamic and powerful role which ".

Book of Mormon theworldbookscene:is destined to play on the platesmon] come,comprisingby the thehandBookof theof Lord,Mor-

..."(Ibid.,(Continued from page 234) "And the angel spake unto me, and none can stay it;

saying: These last records, [the Book 8:26.)

of Mormon] which thou hast seen "... the Lord hath shown unto me

within the Book of Mormon to the among the Gentiles, shall establish [Mormon] great and marvelous use of metal plates by people posthe truth of the first, which are of things concerning that which must sessing the culture of the ancient the twelve apostles of the Lamb, shortly come, at that day when these

Middle East are well founded. [New Testament]..."(1 Nephi things shall come forth among you."

In the Book of Mormon, reference 13:40.) (Ibid., 8:34.)

is made to the twentyfour gold "And it came to pass that I be- "And I would, my brethren, that ye plates (tablets) of Ether (Mosiah held the church of the Lamb of should know that all the kindreds 8:9), whose cultural ancestors were God, and its numbers were few,... of the earth cannot be blessed unless

Mesopotamians; reference is made "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, he [the Lord] shall make bare his

in the Nephite record to a set of beheld the power of the Lamb of arm [show his strength] in the eyes brass tablets which existed in JeruGod, that it descended upon the of the nations.

salem in the sixth century BC and saints of the church of the Lamb, "Wherefore, the Lord God will which were brought to the New and upon the covenant people of the proceed to make bare his arm in the

World by Lehi and his company in Lord, who were scattered upon all eyes of all nations, that century. (See 1 Nephi 5:1012.) the face of the earth; and they were "... in bringing about his coveThe Book of Mormon itself was armed with righteousness and with nants and his gospel unto those who

written on gold tablets, the writings the power of God in great glory.... are of the house of Israel."( 1 Nephi

of Nephi and Jacob dating to the "And... the work of the Father 22:1011.)

. Nevertheless, God sendethsixth century BC. Some of the shall commence, in preparing the "..

many references to the metal tablets way for the fulfilling of his covemore witnesses, and he proveth all of the Nephites are: 1 Nephi 1:17; nants, which he hath made to his his words."(2 Nephi 11:3.)

6:1, 3; 9:1; 10:1; 13:23; 19:1, 3; 22:1; people who are of the house of "And as I spake concerning the

2 Nephi 4:14; 5:30, 32, 33; Jacob Israel."(Ibid., 14:1217.) convincing of the Jews, that Jesus

1:2; 3:13; 7:27; Jarom 1:14; Omni "Now these things are written unto is the very Christ, it must needs be

1:8; Alma 37:5; 3 Nephi 5:10, 11; the remnant of the house of Jacob; that the Gentiles be convinced also

Christ, is the that Eternal the Jesus 8:5. 6:6; 2:18;and Mormon this after are written and they man-

... (Ibid., 26:12.) God; text of of the it The Book ner, of Mormon because is known God "... I will children unto the show it is that it clear the statedmakes will that not bring wickedness them

I am able to do minepurpose of the Lord to generate forth unto them; and they are to be of men that

a spiritual revolution in the world hid up unto the Lord that they may own work [produce the Book of through the book. We are beginning come forth in his own due time."Mormon without scholastic aid].

to understand how the attention of (Mormon 5:12.) "... I will show unto the world

that yesterday, today, same I am thethe the world upon can be focused shall behold, they go unto "And

... and forever; archaeDramatic of Mormon.Book of the the unbelieving and Jews;

ological discoveries relating to it for this intent shall they go—that "... I will proceed to do a marvelare being made. The Persian gold they may be persuaded that Jesus is ous work among this people, yea, a

tablets, photographs of which acthe Christ, the Son of the living marvelous work and a wonder, for company this article, are primary God; that the Father may bring the wisdom of their wise and learned

examples of such discoveries. Other about, through his most Beloved, his shall perish and the understanding

recent significant discoveries ingreat and eternal purpose, in reof their prudent shall be hid.

clude the exciting Stela 5 discovered storing the Jews, or all the house "... I will show unto the children

by Dr. Matthew Stirling of the of Israel, to the land of their inof men that it is yet a very little

Smithsonian Institution and reported heritance, which the Lord their God while and Lebanon shall be turned on in his report, Stone Monuments hath given them, unto the fulfilling into a fruitful field; and the fruitful

of Southern Mexico, Smithsonian Inof his covenant; field shall be esteemed as a forest.

stitution, Bureau of American Eth- "And also that the seed of this "And in that day shall the deaf nology, Bulletin 138 (1943) which people [people of the Book of Morhear the words of the book [Book of monument Dr. M. Wells Jakeman mon] may more fully believe his Mormon], and the eyes of the blind

recognized as portraying the scene gospel, which shall go forth unto shall see out of obscurity and out of described beginning at page 13 of them from the Gentiles;..."(Ibid., darkness."(Ibid., 27:2129.)

the Book of Mormon—Lehi's vision 5:1415.) In the dialogue between the Lord treeof-life.*of the

set forth in chapter Moroni "... it [Book of Mormon] shall be and

Such a revolutionary role seems to brought out of darkness unto light, of the book of Ether, the Lord makes12 be predicted for the Book of Mormon according to the word of God; yea, it clear that the time would come

in the book itself. Here are a few it shall be brought out of the earth, when the ridicule and mocking of

interesting quotations indicating the and it shall shine forth out of darkthe Book of Mormon will come to "Stela 5> lzapa, Chiapas, Mexico, A Major ness, and come unto the knowledge a halt. The Lord will "show"to the

DiscoveryArchaeological World, of the New of the people; and it shall be done critics that they have been wrong:

Provo, Society, Utah,University Archaeological

Special Publications, No. 2 (1958). by the power of God."(Ibid., 8:16.) Moroni: "And I said to him: Lord,

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Gentiles will mock at these things, because of our weakness in writing; for Lord thou hast made us

mighty in word by faith, but thou hast not made us mighty in writing;...

"And thou hast made us that we could write but little, because of the awkwardness of our hands....

"... I fear lest the Gentiles shall

mock at our words.

"And when I had said this, the

Lord spake unto me, saying:

Lord: "Fools mock, but they shall

mourn; and my grace is sufficient for

the meek, that they shall take no advantage of your weakness [in writing];...

"Behold, I will show unto the Gentiles their weakness [regarding the book]... (Italics added.)

Moroni: "Wherefore, I know by BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth

this thing which thou hast said, that about the "lying allure of liquor."

if Gentiles the not charity have [toHAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the the, because Book ofward Mormon] of our weakness, that thou wilt prove alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

them,..."liquor to want to have no part of it?

Lord: "If they have not charity it "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual

mattereth not unto thee, thou hast Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF

faithful; thy wherefore,been garTHOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile..."clean.ments shall be made

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for Moroni: "And now I, Moroni, bid

to save moneyfarewell unto the Gentiles, yea, and you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and

also unto my brethren whom I love, at the same time.

until we shall meet before the judgIf you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and inof Christ,mentseat where all men Risk. Preferred sure with Save automobile money put your—and

that are garments notshall know my your heart insurance with the of others thousands where who is—spotted with your blood.

don't drink."For full details, including an "And then shall ye know that I say, "No Thanks—we

have seen Jesus, and that he hath explanation of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree talked with me face to face, and drivers, return this coupon now.

that he told me in plain humility, * IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

even as a man telleth another in mine own language, concerning thesethings; ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON

"And only a few have I written, Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I under-

| e 4-62because of my weakness in writing."stand there is no obligation.

(See Ether 12:2340.) Name Myexpires:auto insurance

Powerful evidences sustaining the Address. Month

book are accumulating, not the least City -StateDay- of which are the gold plates found Occupation. Year.

in Iran. Age -Age of principal driver of auto..Age of youngest driverMake of Car. -Year. No. Cylinders.

Body type & Model (Series) CLEANING TIME Use of Car: Pleasure Business Q To and from work..miles one way.

BY PAUL ARMSTRONG Marital Status of Principal Driver- Q Single,Marriedlivingwith.at home.childrenD Single

Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

With Springtime come, Those weekends now are here ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

When winters dirt INSURANCE COMPANY

And husbands disappear.

150 South 4th East, Dept. 660

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 41931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

APRIL 1962 271 Promised Valley around Temple Square, listened to large chorus taking on pioneer the guide, and thrilled to the narnames to make it more realistic.

(Continued from page 258) ration of this historic happening, M Men and Gleaners portrayed the newspaper critics said of her work, but not until I saw and was in frenzy and hopelessness of the situ- "The dancers came through with Promised Valley did this episode of ation, and the coming of the gulls precision and artistry."Mormon history really come alive."was brought on stage by the blackTears brimmed in the eyes of Audiences felt the creeping of the ness of the cricket dancers transspectators as the depth of the crickets over their feet, in their hair formed into angel white to do

sea gull miracle was vividly por-... on their clothes as the cricket a dance of peace, and one knew a

trayed in the "cricket scene.""Many scene progressed. The cast literally miracle had occurred.

times,"said an enthusiastic actress felt their parts... and lived their The chorus held the production

in Promised Valley, "have I walked parts even to each member of the together. They were young people

with untrained voices that had the volume and beautiful tones of people who had had years of schooling.

Some used small choruses; others

used large choruses. Correlating

the music in a stake where the distance between wards was 250 miles, facilitated a having chorus was by sing in the stake the of the west end Those whom God has given us first act and a chorus of members of east the stake end of sing the RICHARD L. EVANS the

act. second Applause cheered a

dedicated music director who had

There is a muchquoted phrase from scripture about never missed a rehearsal and on the being our brother's keeper. May we cite it to sugday of the performance broke his went on to direct the arm but If it subject. to gest is important a related be THE night. that chorus SPOKEN keeper, our brother's doubt not, which how we

WORD very important it must be to be our children's In Bloomington, Indiana, this imkeeper, the keeper of our families, our loved ones, those whom God possible task, that the director has given us. Indeed, it would seem difficult to deny that responsiexclaimed "could be done only with

... brought a cast bility for our children is one of the greatest responsibilities that God the Lord's help"

has given. And while there may be much that parents cannot of one hundred eighty people from

do as well as others can, there is also much that others cannot three states who had rehearsed in do as appropriately as parents. Parents may not be prepared individual groups and with only five

to prescribe for children in many ailments and illnesses; parents hours rehearsal as an entire cast and

crew, story the gospel and carried technical subjects, to able to not teach children nor in many be may

. to.. great a great in audience talents, train in the in development nor perhaps them of some many

other matters. But there is a special calling, a special mission, numbers and in spirit. So vivid were

a special responsibility that God has given parents as pertaining the portrayals that one entire family to their children, and as parents approach that calling prayerfully, called the elders immediately folsincerely, with the love of their whole hearts, it is a calling that lowing the performance and applied carries with it a kind of intuition, inspiration, understanding, infor baptism to take place the folsight with a sense of common sense, and the nearness of a deep lowing day. Three additional youths

and dedicated sincerity, for which there is no completely satisrequested baptism into the Church factory substitute. Of course, children are trying and confining at a few weeks later.

times. But what better task could one be tied to than the nurturing Through much study and arrangand teaching and training of a child and helping to build great ing, Promised Valley music was

qualities of character? What more farreaching task could one take adapted to piano accompaniment,

time for? (The apron strings must not be too tightly tied, nor but it was carried out in a variety

yet too loose, to the point of irresponsibility, to the point of wishing of ways. There were alternating

the children onto others.) Others gratefully can do much—agencies, pianos; there were piano duets; there

institutions, organizations, individuals, schools, teachers, friends. was string accompaniment; there

But no one, individual or organization, can rightly take the place was wood wind instrumentation or of competent, responsible parents. And no basic responsibility full orchestras. One newspaper resupersedes the responsibility of parents, and it is not something ported "this was the first orchestra

lightly to be set aside; for it was so intended that parents and the city had ever had outside of the

children should belong to each other, everlastingly. And being our high school orchestra."One young

children's keeper as well as our brother's keeper is one of the boy who was asked to accompany

... blessings and obligations and rewarding privileges that God has felt the need for more practice

given. he bought a piano and practised

three to four hours every day...

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the until he completely mastered the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 28, 1962. Copyright 1962. difficult Promised Valley score, to the

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

credit of his Church, his family, his community, and himself.

Unpaid talent, every one, all with their own daytime jobs and school commitments necessitated early and late rehearsals. In one city the leading man traveled eighty miles every

day to attend rehearsals, and many traveled a hundred miles one way several times a week. One cast

traveled a total of 35,200 miles before the final day of the performance.

In the time of Shakespeare there were plays that taxed the ability of the audience to pretend to the limit... and in Promised Valley with the

vivid lyrics and inspiring music the audiences were brought to the plains of Nebraska, the forest and mountain streams of the Rocky Mountains, to cabin and campfire of the valley with no scenery at all, where the cost was nominal. Then could be

seen elaborate sets of Van Goghlike paintings of sunsets and sunrises.

Expenses were known to range from $51.00 to a peak of $2,500 to produce

Promised Valley; however, in every

case the expenses were covered by appropriated MIA funds or door Selecting the "right"architect for your church building receipts from the production itself. program is one of the most important decisions you

Originality in production ran have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives

..rampant. The opening Winter Quaryou a stepby-step plan for architect selection

ters scene saw some wheeling in provides you with a helpful worksheet for determining a large wagon wheel...others had your needs.".. tells you what to expect from your

bellows and a real blacksmith shop, architect... and how to create a good working

using sparklers to register the effect relationship. The booklet was written by Robert L.

of sparks coming from the anvil Durham, FAIA and member of the Church Architectural hammer. Two hundred men, women, Guild of America. It has been developed by the Rilco

and young people worked one Engineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser thousand hours to dismantle the Company to make your building program as simple and

June conference set (which had efficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today.

enough lumber in it to build a house), transport it to a tennis court, hold their rehearsals, and then reRilco laminated wood arches and beams are assemble it in a high school audi- a natural for a house of worship. The warm

torium where they played to an tichuesarchitecturaland subtle graincharacterpatternsunduplicatedcreate a dramaby any audience of 3,200. other material. Initial cost is low, erection is

give costs fast minimal. maintenance and To sixteen hours carpenter, working A

the interesting use of laminated ideas on at 4:30 you days, arosea for many day booklet Construction Rilco wood, a Church

every morning to see that the scenery also accompanies the Church Architect booklet.

was built, painted, and ready on brother begantime. Another his "Weyerhaeuser a resultlife in the Church anew as

of hammering, sawing, and creating k Company the set which was used. Spectacular jk Rilco Engineered Wood

Division Hk Products that set stage was conthewas Dept. B-550 Tacoma 1, Wash.

original design after by anstructed a member of the production staff. It Please send me your new booklet, Selecting

had an inclining platform covering and Working with Your Church Architect, tothe stage, thus allowing each person gether with the Rilco Church Construction of the 150man cast to be seen even Ideas booklet.

though standing seven or eight peoName ple deep. Another carpenter, by

Church himself, constructed a sturdy, lifelike

Address

City Zone State

APRIL 1962 273 stage that won much applause for Valley presentations to the attention Some large and bulky... others

him alone. of the public were fascinating. Large tiny and petite... they were

Many simple methods of lighting posters were in the windows of the folded and unfolded... long and

were created to achieve a dramatic homes of those in the cast which narrow... wide and fat... but all

effect. Fingers on the move up and read "A Promised Valley Star Lives told the wonderful story.

down, back and forth gave the eerie Here."Posters were printed, painted, When one looked inside these

effect in the cricket scene, and and created in every shape and color programs, there were names of every lights playing on a revolving wheel and hung in every available place nationality in the world... the

created the impression of an imin all cities. Local dairies put Chings from China... the Gloschats

pending storm with thick clouds ringers around milk bottles, and an from Germany, the Jonssons from gathering. airplane flew a cheesecloth banner Scandinavia... the "-skis"from

Props came from many places. thousands of feet up to tell the Slavik countries... the VanderCardboard boxes that once housed story... billboards loudly proLindens from Holland... the

linoleum, TV, mattresses, etc., were claimed the coming of this Mormon Thomases from England... they

gathered from store backdoor endrama... radio and television intercame from the islands of the seas to

trances and with paint and deftness views were given across the country, the tops of the Alps.

were transformed into oldfashioned and untold newspapers carried the Promised Valley started in the churns, log cabins, covered wagons, message from the front page news quaint home town of Henry Wadstowering pines, crags, and rocks.... to editorials... front page soworth Longfellow, in the city of

There were miracles in costuming, ciety... and even to the sports Cambridge, Massachusetts, in June

too. To see tennis shoes on the feet page. 1961, playing to an audience of nine

of the leading lady was more heartReceipts of Promised Valley were hundred and fifty... and it went

warming than a jolt to one's draused for a variety of purposes... cross country... to the deep south

matic sense. The costume designer pure recreation for all concerned... and north into Canada... then to

for the June conference presentato build a new stake center... the midwest and west to California

tion set the pattern for costumes. added to the welfare fund... feature... coast to coast... east to west

She, herself, worked untiring hours event of 24th of July celebrations... north to south... it spread, too,

at her sewing machine and drawing... high lights of Peach Days and to the islands of the sea... to the

board, and her creations were used Homecoming days... to buy lightEuropean continent, moving audiin Promised Valley productions ing for the stage of the new stake ences everywhere from laughter to

throughout the world. Indian trouhouse... and to swell the MIA tears and giving them an appresers were made with brown linen budget. ciation of a pioneer people promulstrips sewn down the sides of modern Wonderful directors, dancers, singgating and perpetuating a religion,

ivy league suntans. Yarn was purers, musicians, and dramatic talent restored through the Prophet Joseph

chased from the local drygoods store, were not the only thing that came Smith, from God the Father and his and the black and brown threads out of Promised Valley... the creSon Jesus Christ.

were woven in heavy strands for the ative art used on every program was Thousands of young people have hairdos of the Indian maidens. fascinating. Some covers displayed borne testimony, after their performIt was fantastic to see what was the map of the pioneer trek... anance and participation in Promised

done with sound. For the crash of other the desert country over which Valley, to the insight they received

Fennelly's "error,"a handful of oldthey roamed... modernistic design into the hardships and sufferings of

fashioned black coal stove lids were of swirling color... covered wagons the Saints. They also felt that the

dropped... the swoosh of the on the prairie. Samples submitted participation with one another in

stove blowing up was caused by a showed they were reproduced by so happy a way strengthened their fire extinguisher turned on at the letterpress, lithography, mimeograph, assurance as to the truth of the gosgiven cue. An ingenious sound man ditto process, and some were handpel of the Church of Jesus Christ of

went out to the city dump where written. They were in many colors. Latterday Saints.

seagulls were known to congregate, and there he taped the cries of the sea gulls that were so realistic that audiences turned to see the whiteBattle of the Wits embarrassment for copping wouldbe points opponents. from her birds descending.winged (Continued from page 247) their Following selection, the team Proficient directors trained the

cast to project their voices into the Utah where they were baptized. had two weeks in which to prepare

audience, but on occasion it necessiSince then, Dave has served a for the coming contest. Their first

tated the rigging of as many as SpanishAmerican mission. opponent: Long Island University

fifteen microphones and having them The personality of the BYU team of New York City. Date: Decemsynchronized to get the full value caught the fancy of the viewing ber 31.

of the music and voices. Intercomaudience. They were aggressive, Program officials disclosed that

munication systems were originated yet cheerful in their manner. In few teams win unless they are fast

so producer could converse with a word, they had poise. The warmth on the buzzers, and in LIU the

director... director with light men, of the whole team was felt by the Utahns had a team that was known

and light men with sound crew. audience. On more than one occasion for their speed. So, along with

Every production staff incorpoduring each contest, Jojean would their studying, the BYU squad went rated a publicity agent, and the drop her eyes after answering a back to the physical plant's "studio"vehicles used to bring the Promised question correctly as if in slight for practice and more practice. By

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A cure for uncommon cold Dunk an orange into liquid oxygen, then drop it on the floor and it will

Christmas time Jojean was to comshatter like glass. A vital component of missile propulsion, liquid oxygen

ment, "I hear buzzers all night is so cold that it crystalizes many substances on contact, and embrittles long."some metals used for normal liquid storage vessels. But because both

Once in New York City, the industry and national defense are using more and more liquified gases westerners found there was more at hundreds of degrees below zero, there was an urgent need for a conto the contest than just matching structional alloy steel that would retain its strength at extremely low temwits for thirty minutes. They began peratures. United States Steel worked with Chicago Bridge & Iron Company

rehearsals at 11 am and with only and The International Nickel Company to demonstrate the suitability of a a lunch break went right on through remarkable new steel for cryogenic applications. Developed by Internauntil at time 5:30 (EST). game pm is Steel it's economical the most called and Nickel, tional 9% Nickel to rehearsals are designed The

liquified hold that as cold as gas for vessels pressure available materialset for actual the stage the show—to

get the teams keyed up and to minus 320F. It is easily fabricated into the storage vessels, intermediate

create as much tension as possible. containers, pipes and production equipment for America's growing indusPrior to game time Allen Ludden, trial requirements. America grows with steel.

the College Bowl announcer, came to the BYU squad and told them to get mad. "Quit being so nice,"he

smiled. "LIU is your enemy."

Once the program began BYU matched LIU question for question, point for point. With one question

remaining in the program the score was deadlocked, 9090. As Ludden

gave the last question Jojean hit the buzzer—and the answer—for the

BYU win. Score: 10590.

Now the BYU squad realized the meaning of the term, "College Bowl tension."During the show Bobert

Thomas, sitting in the audience, found a woman tapping him on the shoulder. "Mister,"she said, "you're

going to have a heart attack."

'Tm the coach of the BYU team,"

Dr. Thomas replied.

"Oh, well, go ahead and have it,"she returned.

During the following week, team members drilled in their weak areas.

Regular study became difficult with thoughts of the second College Bowl crowding out an English or physics assignment. Dr. Thomas, director of

BYU's Honors Program, was assigned by BYU President Ernest L. Wilkinthe team,son to coach States Steel

as possible. and helped mgS) Unitedthe squad as much

Back in New York they met their second opponent, Villanova, a CathTRADEMARK olic university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with a student body of 4,200, plus 3,000 students in law and graduate schools. Behind 230-0 at THE CENTER OF X

halftime in the rehearsals, the BYU CONVENIENCE [III to felt low. they began Thensquad

! 14035. at halftime, led click. They i[;||:it \,: *: I i1

Final score: BYU, 260; VU, 155.!

"I believe Villanova's team had 6?sS5 i| j ]

more general knowledge than Long

Island, but Villanova wasn't as fast in pushing the buzzer,"Dave Stone said following the contest. All felt

their secondhalf strong about good all that the salt lake city agreed but showing,

APRIL 1962 275 pressure was becoming "tremenAs the fourth program began the windows they were happy to dous."Ludden told viewers the East was discover none of their party was

"It's almost impossible to study,"out to dethrone the West, and the hurt. Arriving in Salt Lake City they

said Mrs. Loflin, top point getter challenge could well have been fact were put on a jet to Minneapolis

of the "Y."with the East represented by the after their flight to New York via

Pressure was beginning to be felt University of Maryland. Despite Chicago was cancelled because of

in other areas, too. At the Manthe prestige of the U of M, the the weather. They finally arrived in

hattan Ward, Sacrament meeting BYUers took a commanding 160-5 the big city, tired and hours behind attendance took an upward swing lead over the team from College schedule.

until there was standing room onlyPark to begin the intermission. The DePauw is a small but outstandafter it was learned that the BYU contest ended 245120. Following ing liberal arts college (enrollment

team and coach attended services the program the team stated they 2200), founded in 1832 at Greenthere following each program. And felt that as a team they knew the castle, Ind. Their team had a wider

each Sunday, too, the BYU cheering answers to all the questions asked variety of major fields than BYU, section grew as the Manhattan wardthat afternoon if the element of quick including philosophy, psychology, history, and English. In rehearsals

they proved themselves to be in that special class with LIU for being fast on the buzzer.

For BYU this was the moment of climax. Win or lose, they could

not return to the Bowl. They already

had $6,000 in scholarship money. As

national champs they could take home another $1,500 in prize money, plus an additional $1,500 for winning five times in a row. As losers

they would get $500. As winners

they could also enter that honored group, including Colgate, Bates,

Pomona, Hoboart and William Smith,

Wyoming and Brigham Young team members listen to question by College Bowl announcer Rutgers, and Rensselaer, as the (out of picture, right) during the BYU's third appearance in the bowl. "Y"won 200135. seventh school in as many years of

College Bowl competition.

ers turned up at the CBS studios recall had been removed. In conThe red lights of the camera came

to cheer the team along. trast, one viewer, who has his on. As in past contests, BYU took

The team was attracting attention doctor's degree, said, "I could answer an early lead and at halftime held in other areas. They were swamped three."a slim 9050 edge, the difference bewith telegrams from across the naBy the time the fifth week came tween two questions. During the

tion, including wires from the Utah around the telling pace from Provo intermission the BYU rolled out a 42congressional delegation. Each week to New York was beginning to show. foot "good luck"telegram bearing

too, letters of admiration came from The three days home each week the names of 1,500 students and all sections of the country. One were spent in a continual round of townspeople back in Provo. Then,

teenage girl wrote to Jojean saying speaking engagements in assemblies, with the beginning of the second she had watched her each week luncheons, civic meetings, and banhalf, the roof fell in. In less than

and had come to love and admire quets; and the neverending press fifteen minutes DePauw scored an

her. Then she went on to say she interviews and picture taking. Sandunbelievable 190 points.

had been disturbed about religion wiched in between was an attempt The "Y"came back with a strong and asked Jojean to give her adto study, both classwork and bowl rally in the closing minutes in their vice on religion and which church material. Small Mike saw little of bid for the title, but time ran out.

to join. his mother, Jojean. Final score: BYU, 175; DePauw,

Missionaries in many areas reAfter their fourth win, bowl offi240.

ported their work was being helped cials stated the pressure for the big Upon their return home hundreds greatly by the fine BYU showing. win, the one that would crown them of students and townspeople, includOn the third week the "Y"met national champs, would be even ing the BYU Cougar Marching

Skyline Conference rival Wyoming. more intense than previous. Band and university and city offiIt was one of the few times in ColOn Friday morning, early, when cials, were at the airport to greet

lege Bowl history that two western Utah was having one of its worst them. Following a parade through

teams have competed. The BYU cold spells in years, the team left downtown Provo, they were honored

scholars took an early lead, 10025. Provo. A few miles outside of town guests at a banquet on campus.

At halftime it was 13055. Wyoming they were forced to ditch their car Praise for the "Y"team came from

came alive the second half to close in a snowbank to avoid hitting two all quarters. Said BYU vice presithe gap, 155125. The "Y"squad other autos that collided in front of dent Earl Crockett: "We are very

then pushed ahead by 65 points to them on the icy highway. Their car proud of the team. They brought

win 200135. turned over, but after crawling out us national recognition throughout

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the country and honor to the Church."Aside from the academic stature the team gained for the school, they won many friends for the university, who prior to their performances knew little of BYU. Even the master

of ceremonies, Allen Ludden, was impressed. Speaking to the BYU

team immediately after the final contest and still on camera, he said, "You've set us a great example. We

appreciate you."And slamming his

fist on the desk, he added, "You're great!"Then he turned to the audience and said, "Gee, I almost

broke up there."He had tears in

his eyes as he left the stage.

Coach Thomas commented, "The image they left in losing is probably better than the image they would have left in winning. They

proved they could do it, but when* they went down before an excellent team, they were gracious."

President Wilkinson was jubilant over the team's successes. (There are

only three other four time winners, FROM (arnation

Fairleigh Dickinson, Purdue, and!Vanderbilt. ) He stayed glued to his -A DIFFERENT HOT CEREAL

television set for three of the weeks, fingernails his along withchewing as 100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich other wellwishers ofthousands

his prize team matched wits with flavor! Wonderful new smoothness!

the nation's best. On the fourth

week he was on a train and couldn't There's new family enjoyment in the different see the show, and on the fifth week hot cerealCarnation Instant Wheat! Brings you

telephoned from Mexico to find out the true deeprich flavor of 100% golden whole (arnatio how the "Y"scholars fared. wheat... in tiny flakes that cook to wonderful new

"I am delighted with this team,"smoothness in just three minutes!

fine said. are young "Theyhe LDS too Best low- -Carnation's exclusive nourishment, well. represented us verypeople who

all heat retains protein, process active natural the "> WWOtl I of Naturally, them. proudI am B-vitamins grain. minerals of the golden and whole

wish they could have retired unSurprise the family with this new cereal, soon!

"fSSdefeated, of nothing but I know that A quality product from Carnation. V? grr.h national favorablehas such brought

recognition to BYU."VISIT CARNATION EXHIBIT AT CENTURY 21 EXPOSITION SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR / APRIL 21 TO OCTOBER 21, 1962

Thou Shalt Love Thyself Want More Youthful Pep and Vitality?

(Continued from page 249) TRY LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY ALLIN-1 VITAMINMINERAL TABLETS!

natural vitamin Every mineral and to or believed be known important it is that extent purposeful.to the

... all to nutrition less in one tablet tablet! human... per 2c than

If define pursue cannot people and

Get slim. stay slim your Order MEAL. with SURE DAILY LYMAN'S SUPPLY satisfy theirgoals... which order below.. coupon. Use human tablets below. today coupon

needs and aspirations, their lives remain unfulfilled. They may feel useDon Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah,

less to themselves and, to that dePlease send the following quantities of Sure Meal: Please send the following quantities of Lyman's

gree, worthless. 20Meal Size 4.75 Daily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets:

Third, some people confuse hu40-Meal Size 9.QO 100Tablet Bottle $1.95

mility with selfdepreciation. They 240Meal Size (Case) 45.00 Q 500Tablet Bottle 8.95

apologize, feel themselves unworthy, Check desired flavor: Defatted Chocolate, Q Bland,

incapable, and "meek"in order to Butterscotch, fj Maple, Vanilla. We are interested in Lyman's Daily Supply

give evidence to themselves that My name tablets or Sure Meal as a fundraising project

My address.. I may be personally interested in selling

City.. Zone.. State.. Lyman's Daily Supply tablets or Sure Meal.

APRIL 1962 277 they are religious. The Savior's resufficiency on the part of the posmarks that the last in his kingdom sessor of a little authority. It is a

shall be first and the least shall be characteristic of small persons who greatest are interpreted by some to do not feel comfortable nor secure mean that one must reject himself in their positions. To convince

to be acceptable to God. This point themselves of their worth, they must

of view certainly is a distortion of strut, give orders, and harass their the meaning of meekness and humilfellow men. By contrast, a person

ity. Meekness means selfcontrol at who feels creative within himself,

its highest, a freedom from feelings who loves his fellow men, who is of selfpity, selfconcern, and futility. genuinely humble, has no need to

Humility includes selfacceptance so hurt others nor to ride roughshod that one is free to learn and to relate over his subordinates or colleagues.

oneself to fellow men and Deity. Thus far we have observed how

True humility and meekness are not common it is for people to reject incompatible with a feeling of one's themselves, and yet how great is own worth but are, in part, the the need to feel their own worth as fruits of such a feeling. human beings. We noted that man,

So great is the need to feel one's as a child of God and disciple of worth that we grasp, often unconChrist, has every reason to accept sciously, at every possible means of himself, but this he seldom does.

attaining it. One common way is the Burdened with failure, sin, and their

acquisition of material possessions accompanying despair and guilt, he far beyond physical needs. Women rejects himself. But, finding it imfill their closets with "changeable possible to live in complete selfre-

suits of apparel."Why? Not primarily jection, he grasps at every straw to

to keep warm or comfortable but build up his selfimage. He accumuAMERICA'S FINEST JEANS to give their egos a lift through the lates goods to "be seen of men"; he

SINCE 1850 eyes of others. Men buy new and gossips and debunks others; he imibig cars. Why? Not for safety and tates Hitler and Napoleon—all to

comfort alone, but also to "be seen little or no permanent avail.

of men."Men and women together How then, may we ask, can a perbuild homes far beyond the necessison build his feeling of worth on

$6.44ANH0UR INBUSINESSYOUR OWN tiesMay ofit shelternot be becauseand comfort.it is soWhy?easy solidas Churchfoundations?workers,Andteachers,how can andwe,

STEP INTO THIS BOOMING to identify themselves with that leaders, help youth to find their own: $19 BILLION A YEAR INDUSTRY which is tangible and visible? May worth so that they will not destroy

Hundreds of accidents and it not also be that our very lust for themselves in such vain attempts losses will happen this luxuries bears witness of our inner to act important? Drinking, smokcommunity. your year in

you how We'll show to poverty of soul? ing, carousing, reckless driving, and adjust investigate and

these ance companies,losses for insurrail- A quick, momentary, and illusory stealing are essentially futile efforts

"offices. roads,Yougovernmentbuy NO tools way of lifting one's selfimage is to on the part of youth to make themequipment. do or You NO others, depreciate especially feel those important. selves prior selling. need You NO

you or higher experience And is and more than animal. His whom we envy we in whom Man Right home. out your of education.own can operate

$6.44 average Investigators Accidentnow independent an recognize some superior quality or self is not fully realized merely

partsame. Start quicklyhour. We'll train you to do the

timegationif specialistnow employed.in yourFillarea.the needColorfulfor anbookletAccidentexplainsInvestiposition. Much gossip and criticism through these procedures. He must

everything. Absolutely no obligation on your part. of other persons has its root in our be engaged in distinctly human

desire to pull people down to our endeavors. He has a mind which

MAIL NOW for FREE BOOK level. It is easier to pull down ancraves use and satisfaction. His

UNIVERSAL SCHOOLS life is great. for other emotional to than person onecapacity build up

Hillcrest 6801 Ave., Dept. N-3

loved. so, in to love our desperate and be need self, and Dallas Man 5, Texas He needs

Please your FREE book on Accident rush me feel is to his eyes look to the worth, are prone an idealist; our own we

Investigation. This does obligate not me and

stars. to Likewise, person dreamer; a call. do this. he beholds salesman will no who He is a

cannot see or face his own limitathe moon. He has a memory,

Name Age tions is quick to shift the cause of imagination, and the power of reason.

Address his deficiency from himself to those He who would know his own

City Zone State I with whom he associates. The failworth must live a distinctly human

(Approved by Government for Veterans Training) ing student may blame his failure on life—he must think, serve, imagine,

his teachers, "none of whom are belong, create, laugh, and weep.

competent."The "lost"son blames What does this mean to the leader

his mother. of youth who would help them find

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Authoritarianism, this habit of themselves? Let us suggest some

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple exercising "unrighteous dominion,"needs of youth, which must be fulsore throat and other minor mouth so beautifully described in D&C filled, if they are to know their own and throat irritations. 121:3446, has part of its foundaworth.

tion in the conscious feeling of in- 1. Youth needs love. He needs to

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City. Utah

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be accepted just as he is—not for

what he can become or for what he ought to be—but for what he is now.

Somehow, he must feel his own goodness and strength before he can become good and strong. Young

people need friends, wholesome friends. They need to belong to a

group of peers who like them for what they are. They need to be

active participants in such a group, feeling and doing things together.

It is not enough to be simply in the same seminary, Explorer, or Sunday

School class with others. They must

have rich and meaningful social, spiritual, play, and work experiences in common, regularly and repeatedly.

2. Youth needs creative adventure. Opportunities are innumerable.

Just plain, good fun is worth having in days of storm and stress, but their adventure should go beyond pleasure. Their minds hunger for

adventure; they need to learn new

ideas—specific, concrete, and exciting concepts in school, in Church,

and in the home. Every time a

teacher prepares to face a class he should ask himself: "What new idea

or deeper apprehension of an old idea will my students take out of class today?"

3. Youth needs success born of <v

their own achievement. Every lad

needs desperately to excel in somesy* thing. Praise, compliments, and

flattery are as soap bubbles unless he experiences his own growth and increase.

Boys and girls need to do successfully specific and concrete things repeatedly, such as playing games, making things with their hands, expressing their own thinking, playing musical instruments, tying knots, building things, repairing cars, sewing clothes, painting pictures, singing in groups, helping those in need.

They need to have responsibilities to carry out under supervision and with appreciation. They need to do difficult things which test their strength,

their courage, their endurance, and their ingenuity.

Youth need not to be pampered and coddled and protected from the struggles of life as much as they need hardship and big tasks to accomplish. A boy is eagerly and quite

naturally trying to be an adult. He

of qualities and body, mind,has soul A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor fulfilment. make They needwhich

up the self he is seeking to find. P. S. Top chick on the totem pole? Then you know bare floors are for the lesser

4. Youth needs to repent. Nothbirds. Time to feather your nest with the quiet, comfort and distinction of

beautiful Bigelow Carpets. Bigelow Carpets are available in special designs,

colors and textures. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept.,

140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

APRIL 1962 279 ing, perhaps, destroys a person's succeed, and to find fellowship with "worlds without number."Like the

feeling of worth as much as a sense his peers. Father, he too must be honest, free,

of guilt born of sin. Young folk 5. Youth needs to recognize the loving, and giving to satisfy his own

do not grow up without doing things divinity that is in him. A child of soul. He too has a feeling for the

that are wrong and that they recogbeautiful and is aesthetically responnize as being evil. Awareness of sive to nature and human nature.

this gap between their behavior and Somehow, leaders of youth must their ideals destroys selfrespect and ENCLOSED ENCHANTMENT restore individuality to life, helpestranges them from themselves. ing each young person rejoice in his

Repentance is not easily achieved. BY KAY CAMMER own uniqueness. Each young person

Much thought should be given to needs to learn to think his own ways of helping youth to repent. A letter is a thoughts, to create with his own

The following suggestions may help: Lovely thing to get; hands, and to sense his own sonship

We should not try to minimize the of God. Leaders must help a youth

evil of their sin and attempt to make I have one which to help himself, to know himself, to it unimportant. On the other hand, I haven't opened yet. rejoice in himself.

we should distinguish between the A boy who respects his body sinner and the sin, letting youth will not destroy it with alcohol, toknow that we respect and accept For just a moment bacco, and lust. A boy who respects

him even if he has done wrong. This While I think and hope, his mind will not dissipate it in idlewe cannot do unless we truly love ness or ugliness. A boy who respects

him. Young people usually measure Mystery lurks his integrity will not lie, cheat, or

our expectations his respects of them,up to so A boy who should trust will not in profane Inside my envelope. plagiarize.Father in heaven put faith andwe

them. When we preach repentance, his holy name.

we should also speak of forgiveness Somehow, we must help every and let people know that these two youth find his own worth as a principles go handin-hand. And God, he has partaken of his Father's human being and a beloved child of

finally, we must help a boy who is nature. His is a great capacity for God. When he finds it, he will find

dejected in spirit by leading him to divine attributes. His glory is also it much easier to do that which

life's genuine satisfactions—opportuknowledge, wisdom, and intelligence. becomes a human being and a child

nities to be creative, to serve, to Like the Father, he too would create of God.

You Get All This... lowest Price Ever!

C-3 Camera,

Leather Case & Flash ARGUS C-3

OUTFIT

Owned and enjoyed by more people than any other camera in the world. Easy to use

for slides and snaps outdoors or in. Formerly $3995 was $69.95.

Nothing Down... Only $1 Week!

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Come In, Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center St.

Phone or Order By Mail! Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...Pen Pal Convert The Whitmer Log Home along the fence, half decayed.

closethe examined very ground We(Continued from, page 235) (Continued from page 251) the ly,"meaning ground which upon our Father being separate from occupant."It was this Chester Reed the Whitmer log home had once

Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost and his wife in this "new house,"stood, "and thought of the past, spoke and our Father not being a spirit, I that supplied the brethren with of the present, wished that certain mean without a body. Anyway, after "apples,"as told by Elder Stevenson. things might happen in the future,

I had proved my point that they Turning again to Jenson, "The prepared resolutions, made the necwere not three in one, my master old Whitmer house, in which the essary entries in our note books...."

went on to another subject saying, Church was organized and in which To this very informative descrip- 'Of course, we all know God is a the first three general conferences tion, Elder Stevenson calmly records:

Spirit.'Here little Charlotte broke in of the Church were held, and in "The old well still stands there, but

saying, 'Excuse me, sir, but I beg to which Joseph received a number of only a little of the IV2 story log home differ,'and I got stuck into more important revelations, was a oneremains in ruins,"meaning the logs scriptures about our Father in and-a-half story log house. It was lying nearby as recorded by Elder

heaven having a body, hair, eyes, torn down years ago, but the site on Jenson. Brother Stevenson writes

and back parts. It was marvelous. which it stood is well known and that upon leaving the site of the

One thing led to another, and soon was pointed out to us,"possibly by "Old Whitmer home"that was "in

I was deep in telling the class the Chester Reed and his family, for ruins,"a few logs being all that reJoseph Smith story. I was inspired, very likely, the coming of these mained, that they visited the lumberand I know I had the Holy Ghost three men, dressed as Mormon frame home where lived the Reed

and the Spirit of the Lord within elders, having longtailed coats and family. This is the house that

me as I talked. At the end I took high hats, inquiring for the old log people today, at least the unover the class and was answering house in which the LDS Church had informed, call the "Whitmer Home,"

questions. Now twentyone people been organized fiftyeight years but which has been built over and

know about Joseph Smith and heard previously, aroused not a little curienlarged several times since it was my testimony as I bore it to them. osity in the minds of the Reed visited by the three elders in 1888,

They also saw the Book of Morfamily. some seventyfive years ago. Stevenmon. Continued Andrew Jenson, "The son's journal adds this indisputable

"May God bless you always, old family well is still there; and testimony: "We ate apples in the

"Love and love, several of the logs which once connew home,"thus leaving future "Charlotte"stituted a part of the building, lay generations with a full understand-

I nmratRY OLWEB!ZCM

wonderful and exciting new

books of LDS interest

Forty Years Among the Indians by Danel W. Jones: A true, fastpaced narrative of the author's

experiences during years when the red man ruled the West.

3.75

Indians and Outlaws by Albert R. Lyman: Stories of dozens of

"bad men"of the old West, as they played a part in settling the

San Juan frontier. 2.95

Oliver Cowdery, Second Elder and Scribe by Stanley R. Gunn:

A moving drama portrayed against an authentic historical background, giving a keen insight into his life. 3.50

ZCMI BOOKS—Street Floor

Mail Orders Filled

APRIL 1962 281 ing that these Church representaeast by the Church some seventyfive ward and find and photograph the tives were not eating apples in the years ago. exact spot where the old Whitmer

"Old Whitmer home,"the place Letters that have been received home had stood in order that the where the Church was organized. about the Peter Whitmer Log House location would not be lost.

He also adds that while at this Reed article published in the May Era, "A few days later at the invitation lumber home, they were given ap1959, were from persons who had of Elder George Q. Morris, chairman

ples to eat on their return journey to never read the reports of the Church of the Historic Sites Committee, the railroad station, where they finrepresentatives who visited the German E. Ellsworth came to the

ished their report to the Deseret Peter Whitmer farm in 1888, nor Historian's Library and made the folEvening News, telling its readers had any of them seen the microlowing statement, which was taken that the once "famous old Whitmer filmed journal of Edward Stevenson, down by the author:

torn years hadhome been down nor the article by Elder Andrew the Hill in "'Leaving Cumorah isago."report This on newspaper Jenson. 1905, Elder Albert George June

file Office. in the Historian's Smith and wife and I journeyed

The facts show without argument southward [southeastward] in our that the leaders of the Church in car to the old Whitmer farm at 1888 as well as the Saints, at least Fayette, Seneca County, New York, those who read the historical articles with the purpose in mind of locating about the Whitmer home in the and photographing the exact spot

Church paper, knew without queswhere once stood the old Peter tion that the old Peter Whitmer log Whitmer log home.

house had "long since been torn "''During our visit with the familydown."

in charge of the new home, they Since other and Jenson Andrew this to referred never once lumber officials in Historian's the of Office as the frame house "Whitmer home"continually receivthe Church were to moreover, asked them when we inquiriesing the old about Whitmer the old place the where show us

Assistanthome, Jenson, Andrew Peter stood—for had Whitmer home Historian,Church on 1, November the knew that had we all old home (Photo by George Albert Smith) the heading,1941, under Truth

since in long disappeared—the man

E. Ellsworth the Mrs. GermanTold About House and George of Whitmer, us very charge kindly conducted Smith are standing the spot upon article, Albert factual a threewrote column

or so to yards the about a hundred the stood Peter where Whitof old home proof that the oldgiving Whitmer large barn, the going and around mer, Fayette, N.Y., Seneca County, where in 1888 had been comlog home

fifty organized, April south the Church 6, took end, 1830. us was he about

pletely torn down and that a new feet or so back of the barn into built old the had been uponhome field, just into grain a head. coming Unfortunately of because typoafter thefarm Whitmers moved there, exclaimed: Stopping us he first graphical errors, or editing the Kirtland, to Ohio.westward He are standing the "You upon now or three of the two paragraphs all to seeking peoplewrote were who exact old Peter the spot Whitwhere article mentioned contained abovetruthful "Indeclaring: information,

it is stood, once where mer home of of the Title Abstract the Joseph as of of a studentsasmuch number orthat claimed your Church was of Smith that of instead the home still history cling to idea theChurch ganized. old log house was The home. Whitmer ofthat the Peter house Whitmer,

this years ago, torn but many down..is stillSr.,. as Saints are standing, the I Inasmuch submit many

is it the exact spot stood."where

for writing factualfollowing."then evidence reviews very He as to ''After discussing the important or not the facts set forth in whether thecarefully the present lumber

Deseret Evening News, 1888, written home upon the Whitmer farm is the matter for sometime with the careby himself and approved by two house in which the Church was taker and being convinced that we eyewitnesses. organized, we here repeat some were really upon the site of the old

Albert Elder home, George Whitmer in statements the published May his in Elder autobiography, Jenson his that Smith wife suggested and I Era. 1959 states 607, on 21,page 1930, March there several took while stand he Elder "In E. October 1955 German of centennial yearthe the Church,.'"

.. photographs. the of former president exEllsworth,that that again he on day had

plained in detail to the First PresiNorthern States Mission, told the Under this picture appeared these dency of the Church the findings of author that in 1905 he and Elder words—and they were certainly aphimself and his two companions George Albert Smith were appointed proved by Elder George Albert

when they visited the Whitmer farm by the Church to secure, if possible, Smith who was noted for his exactin October 1888. The author of this the Joseph Smith, Sr., home near ness regarding historic sites—"Gerarticle over a period of many years Palmyra, New York. man E. Ellsworth and Mrs. George

of research has never found one "Among other things he stated Albert Smith are standing upon the word published by authoritative that while he and George Albert spot where stood the old home of persons in this Church that has disSmith and wife were at the Hill Peter Whitmer, Fayette, Seneca agreed in any way with the recorded Cumorah, Elder Smith suggested County, N.Y., where the Church was

history of the old Whitmer home as that they drive to the Whitmer farm organized, April 6, 1830."

set forth by the three elders sent about twentyfive miles southeast- '1 myself carried one of these

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pictures with me for years, explainBETWEEN ing to my friends that it was a pic-...ture of the place where the Peter TEMPLE SQUARE VISITS

log stood. houseWhitmer A copy of enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new is picturethe same now preserved

in The Improvement Era. (Vol. 12,

p.m.)... in the "'From the day that this picture BOWLtf BASKETlower lobby, opposite

was taken in 1905 until the present the Coffee Shoptime, there has been no doubt in my mind about our being photographed entrance.

upon the sacred site of the old WhitOpen 6 a.m. to

mer home where the Church of 12 midnight.

Jesus Christ was organized, April 6,1830.'"Tasty food...

fast service...

"Signed, German E. Ellsworth pleasant surroundings!

Historian's Library October 27, 1955."HOTEL UTAH

Mrs. Sadie G. Pack, widow of the Home of the famous SKY Room

late Dr. Fredrick J. Pack, gave the

author the following important item from her journal written on this date given below while Elder James H. UNIQUE combinationMoyle was speaking: "E. David

Mann and his wife [Susie G. Mann] II STORY - SHEET MUSIC - RECORDS

to the Chapeland I went 17th Ward BIRTHDAYS to hear Elder Moyle, SING FOR CHILDREN H. James

December 31, 1944. Brother Moyle 2 COMPLETE IN ONE ALBUM * SUNDAY SCHOOLS

interviewed David Whitmer in RichAVfARDS-EDUCATION 1885. 28,mond, Missouri, on June

'IElder asked Moyle said: him.. Beautifully BUILDINGrendered,FUNDSoriginal music by |

every question I could think of.... one of America's leading conductorexciting and with new for composers with conversedMr. Whitmer me stories! in line Completely with our I

...'hours. and one halftwo Then teachings. (L.D.S. 10 day| Produced)

Elder Moyle said, and Mrs. Pack is Satisfaction Guarantee.

sure that the following was a quote ALBUM INCLUDES:

from David Whitmer: 'The first musicTwo - 45RPMstory - recordssheet musicwith singingand full

Whitmer home in which the Church color illustrations.

was organized was torn down in ORDER YOURS DIRECT TODAY 1873.'"(Mrs. Pack served on the ] ABS 101 Noah and the Ark $2.98

general board of the Primary for ] ABS 102 DavidLittle Davidand GoliathPlay Your Harp a number of years, and was then 10 Day Little Baby Moses made first counselor in the presiGuarantee ]] ABS 103 The Story of Christmas the Sabbath Keep Day Holy of Association of the Primarydency H ENTERPRISES & M Shepherd ABS 111 The Good set apart beingthe Church, by P.O. Box 1682 LDS at the The Animals Manger

Station City Lake Grant, OctoberPresident Heber - J. Order Cash Enclosed Check—Money Seattle Washington 55,

26, 1925.) DEALERSHIPS DESIRED

Build your future!... Be in business for yourself!

A JOYFUL NOISE DEALERSHIPS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR

BY PATRICIA KENT JENSEN PERMAPAK STORAGE FOODS, SDRVIVAL KITS

Children laughing, children singing Exclusive territories! Demand for these dry and lowmoisture foods is

As they frolic, voices bringing No retail or mail growingstorage plans.daily inTheseChurch,lowcostand Civilfoods Defenseare also foodfine

Merry tumult with the noise order competition! for everyday family use.

child mirthfulThat every FOR COMPLETE enjoys. MAIL COUPON TODAY INFORMATION ABOUT A times whyMany we wonder DEALERSHIP PERMAPAKWe struggle, worry, pine, and sigh,

Then we hear the joyous ringingPERMA-PAK INC., 40 E. Robert Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah

Children laughing, children singing. My Name

Address

City Zone. State.

APRIL 1962 283

THIS IS A DIAGRAM OF WHAT

LEARNED IN THE MARCH ERA

.MCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD\a SHORT TRAINING THESE ARE THE THREE f COURSE STANDING COMMITTEES

CHURCH SERVICE FACT FINDING

] & REPORTING

1. EACH ONE PLANS THE PROGRAM FOR ITS DEPARTMENT.

2. THIS PLAN IS COORDINATED BY THE QUORUM PRESIDENCY.

3. IT IS THEN PRESENTED TO THE QUORUM FOR APPROVAL.

4. THEN EACH STANDING COMMITTEE OPERATES ITS OWN PART OF THE PROGRAM.

5. AND APPOINTS SUB OR TASK COMMITTEES OF ITS OWN MEMBERS AND ANY OTHERS

OF THE NONACTIVE GROUP TO DO ONE TASK. (IT MUST BE

MITTEE WILL ASK WHICH MEN.)

SAMPLE OBJECTIVE: TO KEEP A MISSIONARY IN THE FIELD. (SEE MARCH ERA.)

SERVICE CHURCH PERSONAL WELFARE

SOCIAL A ORGANIZE TASK: THE MEMBERS TO PLEDGE FOR FUND"I FACTTOFINDINGREPORT AND& REPORTINGRECORD CONMISSIONARY RAISING MONTHLY TO A

TRIBUTION J APPOINT TASK COMMITTEES APPOINT TASK COMMITTEES

RECEPTION—ANDREPORTSTAKETO QUORUMPRES.-2 X

HALL—NEWSPAPER ACCT.

X OF SOCIALS-2 ENTERTAINMENT-3 1

I ACTIVITYRECORD ONCARDS-2 COMMITTEES OF CLEAN UP-6 TASK APPOINT

'EACH TWO MEN I TO MEASURE THESE CALL ON THE MEMBERS REFRESHMENTS-4 RESULTS-2 AND GET THE PLEDGE.

investigate an agricultural to committeeErratum: The project (3 men) is revitalize the inactive and to keep active those already chart. It shouldnot included on be added. the above

Thus an objective to finance a missionary on its active is not a static thing—changes come day by day.

first project could use sixteen task committees and You will want a basis by which you measure your a total of thirtynine men. When the project is commembers, take their temperature, feel their pulse. And

pleted, release the men and get ready to reassign you will want to change your tactics constantly to them to the next project. meet these changes in the existing status of each.

If you have been working on the previous months'work, it is now time to consider how to keep alert A Reminder:

and alive. 1. Men have the right to be asked. And while we

The Quorum Presidency Weekly Meeting aren't going to like it, they also have the right

Now that you have the idea of follow through, let to refuse, as well as to accept. We must not tire

us consider some items in the meeting of the of asking because of refusal. So we shall devise

presidency. a method of keeping up our own morale,

Each meeting of the quorum presidency should a. Has it ever occurred to you that a quorum

be a time for review of your situation. The work to presidency might become inactive? When it

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA does, woe to the quorum. An inactive presiThe men who preside must have a goal of asking

dency is one which has given up asking men men many times a year to perform services which are to work, given up planning, given up using its bona fide and important to the quorum program, but men. How shall we prevent that sad situation note the warning below.

from taking place? A Warning:

A method of keeping up interest: If any of you keep calling on a man and he keeps

On the margin of the quorum activity card write refusing to serve, he may become irritated by your the date you start thus, 1962: Then every time that constant requests. It is vital that everyone possible

any man is invited to perform an assignment place a asks him to serve; for example:

mark ( | ) after his name. Every time he accepts, put 1. You ask him once or twice.

a horizontal mark through the vertical, thus,-j-. If 2. Your counselor asks him on something else.

you ask a man ten times to accept an assignment, it 3. A subchairman of a task committee asks him.

will look like this: 4. A member asks him to help on some personal

service.

John Doe 1962 1 1 1 | I I I I I I

How to win eventually And if he accepts three of them, it will look like this: There are three rules which you must follow if you

would win. 1962 H-H-HIII + 1. Love the member. This must be a genuine interNow, at the end of the year you measure your sucest in the man, not feigned. This love will draw

it and the best way tocess by the number of times you asked the man to you to him. He will feel

serve. Your reward is the joy of seeing the increase use this affection is to:

in activity; for example, here is a card record of 2. Get him in your personal debt. Not financially!

You constantly will be doing things for him, and

John Doe 1960: Ijllfllh to him. Times of sickness and trouble are the

times you do this best. But you may do it 1961:|+||+))||)

socially, too. You'd be surprised how much just

1962: /rfiil-H JH- 1 l-H a visit from you and your wife to him and his

wife will help. If you happen to bring along John Doe had a better chance to work in 1962 than

in 1960 or 1961. You were on the job better in 1962. a cake, so much the better.

3. everlastingly can't quit. Keep at it—You LoveSo both better. the presidency the and man were

is peculiar; fed to it must feed or and be be feltFurther, see that can active you he is becoming more

to keep alive.

by a mere glance.

The marking of the cards showing visits and The man—be he member of the presidency or someacceptances is the weekly job of the secretary, but at one sent by the presidency—must apply these rules of

the meeting you must tell him what you did that week. success if he would hope to bring a man into activity.

SUGGESTIONS FOR THE STAKE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

At the regular leadership meetings you have now:

1. Taught and discussed methods of obtaining activ- 2. That the weekly meeting of the presidency is the

ity through the use of committees. time to consider unassigned and inactive

2. Held a practice committee meeting with the members.

chairmen of the standing committees. 3. That the presidency must spend many evenings

At your next leadership meeting we suggest that each month visiting their members.

you take up the material in this issue. It has to do 4. That visits to members need not be for the purwith the work of keeping the quorum and the quorum pose of asking for service. They are as often

presidency active. There may be other and better made to give service.

ways of doing it, but until these are developed (and Finally, check up on the number of men on the the quorums are free to develop them) try this way. standing committees. If there are only three or four,

Be sure they understand: and these are men with other ward jobs, something

1. That this material is for the factfinding commitis amiss. If, on the other hand, more inactive men are

tee to consider and to chart. responding, the quorum is on its way to better things.

APRIL 1962 285 D KESIDINC HOPPJCS D'ACb

WHAT ABOUT FAST OFFERINGS?

The obligation to help one another is an eternal It is obvious in our day that the value of these meals principle of the gospel of Jesus Christ. This principle from which we have abstained would amount to

was introduced to man in the early dawn of existseveral dollars each month. Unfortunately, there are

ence. The Savior reiterated our obligation to care some in the Church, even in this day of inflated prices

for each other when he referred to the time he would and living costs, who are contributing the same return in his glory. amount that their parents or grandparents contributed.

"Then shall the King say unto them on his right Each one of us should analyze the amount of his hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the fast contribution to be certain that it is adequate and kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of constitutes an honest offering based upon present the world: economic values.

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was The fast offering system of contributing each month

thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and costs us nothing financially. Instead of being deye took me in: prived, we receive numerous blessings from our

"Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye Father in heaven. When we observe God's law by

visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me. abstaining from food for two consecutive meals

"Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, each month, we are compelled to stop and think when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or about others throughout the world who have need

thirsty, and gave thee drink? for food and the other necessities of life. It not only

"When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? makes us grateful for our own specific blessings but

or naked, and clothed thee? should also arouse our sympathetic and generous

"Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came contributions to those less fortunate. It is true that

unto thee? various health conditions preclude some individuals

"And the King shall answer and say unto them, from participating in a fast for two meals, but regardVerily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it less of our own circumstances, all of us have a duty unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have to assist the needy.

done it unto me."(Matthew 25:3440.) In the October conference 1936, the purpose of the

Our Father in heaven in his great wisdom inspired welfare plan was explained.

his prophets to establish the fast offering system to "Our primary purpose,"said the First Presidency, help care for those in need and less fortunate, wherein "was to set up, in so far as it might be possible, all members of the Church are asked on the first a system under which the curse of idleness would be

Sunday of each month to abstain from food for two done away with, the evils of a dole abolished, and consecutive meals. Every family is then responindependence, industry, thrift and selfrespect be

sible to calculate the cost of those meals that are once more established amongst our people. The aim

usually consumed and submit this amount to the of the Church is to help the people to help thembishop for use in assisting the needy. selves. Work is to be reenthroned as the ruling

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA principle of the lives of our Church membership."Many other scriptures could be cited to show the

(Conference Report, October 1936, p. 3.) duty of the Saints to look after their poor. Doctrine and

It is only fair that each of us has the responsibility Covenants for example, states:

for his own economic welfare. No one should feel "Behold, I say unto you, that ye must visit the

that someone else owes him a living and be willing to poor and the needy and administer to their relief, sit back and glean from the labors of others. that they may be kept until all things may be done

"In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till according to my law which ye have received. Amen."

thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou (D&C 44:6.)

taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou Contemplate for a moment the wonderful system

return."(Genesis 3:19.) that the Lord has provided in the organization of the

When unfortunate circumstances or conditions Church in helping to take care of the worthy poor.

make this impossible, members of that person's famUnlike other charitable organizations, we in our local ily should immediately assume this responsibility; wards and stakes have no paid office workers, clerks,

and in the event that the family and relatives are truck drivers, or social workers to incur added expense unable to provide for one of their kinsmen, their which shrinks the amount that actually reaches those brothers and sisters of the Church will rally round. in need. We have an organized army of workers who

A faithful member of the Church is always proud labor in love to bestow precious blessings upon the of the opportunity and blessing of paying his fast less fortunate, and every member of the Church beoffering and tithing month after month, year after comes part of that army as he willingly fasts and year, with no thought of loss or being repaid. prays and makes his (Continued on page 295)

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT - MAY

LESSONS FROM THE PAST

"Study the past, if you would divine the future."already a known fact that sorrows and unhappiness

This statement of Confucius would seem good for us have replaced peace of mind and contentment.

to ponder, particularly in connection with the sage If we are to heed the lessons from the past, we advice of Hermolaus Barbarus, "Fortunately wise is should shun the vain and foolish ways of the world he who gains wisdom from another's mishap."and humble ourselves before God. Let us remember that

casual the reader the most Even to Book of of "... blessed are they who humble themselves

parallel to that a vividMormon, is drawn show when without being compelled to be humble; or rather, in

the people of Nephi were faithful and obedient to other words, blessed is he that believeth in the word

God's laws, there was peace and prosperity. Conversely, when the people of Nephi were filled with of God, and is baptized without stubbornness of heart, yea, without being brought to know the word,

pride and felt they were selfsufficient, rebelling or even compelled to know, before they will believe."

against God, they experienced wars and contentions (Alma 32:16.)

and sorrows. Oversimplified, this is the great lesson

In the light of past events, perhaps we should ask that should be learned from the past. Peace and happiourselves a few questions to determine whether theness are secured only through obedience to divine law.

lessons from the past are being applied in making our

Not only is this lesson apparent with the study of lives more successful. Do we keep the Sabbath holy?

the history of the Nephites and the Lamanites in the Are we paying our fast offerings and tithing and helpBook of Mormon, but it is the paramount thread ing those in need? Do we love one another and

of all history since time began. When men's hearts render service to one another? Are we teaching our

are set upon the riches of this world, there is the children the importance of baptism, the Word of everpresent tendency to withhold help to the hungry Wisdom, etc.? Are we keeping ourselves morally

and the naked, with the boast that they brought it on clean? Are we being obedient to the anointed servants

themselves. When men seek to trample and mock the of our Father in heaven?

sacred ordinances and covenants of God, it is a sure If we are doing these things, walking uprightly warning of impending disaster. When lying, stealing, before our Father in heaven, truly we can say that

fornication, and adultery are on an increase, it is we have profited from the lessons of the past.

APRIL 1962 287 (T'S "=> TODAYS FAMILY / FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

April is an alarm clock set for the loveliest time of You will be surprised with the ideas that will be year. As surely as an alarm clock rings us to wakefulborn. Use your imagination, and you will never

ness, April, gently and sometimes noisily, awakens be bored.

us to the surge of a new life. A miracle is taking Imagination can even reach into the breadbox, the

place, a resurrection of all things. Gray skies change roasting pan, the pantry shelf, and into the oven. No

to blue; brown earth and twigs, to green grass and food is at its best if imagination has not been used.

tiny buds; sharp, tingling air, to gentle, warm air; all Cooking is a creative art. Try something new each

this is a sign of the miracle of spring. As nature comes day, a new twist added to an old recipe, a different

back to life, so can we. Let's put drabness and our combination of seasonings, variety of textures, a confaded, washedout, hothouse winter lives away and trast of temperatures of food, a variance of serving

bring forth a bright new outlook. Let's grow out of methods, or a modification of an old family dish.

our old selves and let our imagination soar. A person Who says cooking can't be fun if imagination is stirred

without an imagination is like a light globe with the into every recipe? We can then be sure that enjoyelectricity shut off. Shakespeare said, "Man consists ment will be tripled in the eating.

of body, mind, and imagination. His body is faulty, HAVE YOU TRIED?

his mind untrustworthy, but his imagination has made him remarkable."Wake up that imagination of yours Serving poached eggs on toast that has been

and be remarkable. Climb out of your rut and step spread with deviled ham.

high into the world of imagination and creativeness. An egg fried in butter and sprinkled with chopped

Dare to be different. Defy those old drab ways of chives.

thought and word and deed. Be a new, more inter- A golden light omelet served with piping hot chili

esting, challenging self. The whole world will come sauce.

more into focus as you really use your mind. No Sliced, sauted mushrooms folded into scrambled

skimming over its surface—think, plan, create, and the eggs.

real you will be born. It is necessary to be alert and

aware in order to stir up imagination. All this will An egg casserole made with deviled eggs topped

make living more fun and worthwhile. with a cheese sauce.

Look at your children with new eyes; really see Frizzled dried beef sprinkled on top of warmedover

them and their potentialities. Then your guidance will potatoes for breakfast.

be more valuable. Stand at the doorway to your Make French toast in the oven for a large crowd—

home and see its possibilities. Imagine color where 450 degree F. oven for about ten minutes.

there is a weak, nondescript quality, see proportion Sliced bananas in orange juice with a little grated and line with their lightness and darkness, then bring orange rind added to the juice—delicious served with

out the good points in each room. Dream dreams very thin slices of bread spread with butter and

but use your ingenuity to make them come to life. sprinkled with sesame seeds and toasted under the

Scan your day and throw away useless motions, broiler!

shoddy values. Creatively schedule a happier, more

Cooking bacon in a 350 degree F. oven until crisp.worthwhile life.

No smoking and so quick.

Limber up your imagination so, even though you are sitting at home, you travel around the world. Little sausages cook better this way, too.

There will be nothing static about you. Imagination Dry cereal served in half a cantaloup with cream.

can lead you into fresh ideas, can carry you along Berries served in a cantaloup ring.

with the great minds you find in good books. These Dollarsized pancakes served with hot, homemadenew book friends will stimulate your creativeness.

syrup.

You see it's a lovely circle.

Why not try new ways of doing things? Take any Add chopped toasted pecans or peanuts to the panhousehold task and do it in a different way, and cake batter.

a heavy cloak will lift from the job. There are some Melt a little creamed cheddar cheese in the hot

things we do in the home automatically, but don't syrup to serve over the pancakes.

waste that time with your mind shut off. This is the Top dry or cooked cereal with seedless grapes and

time to let your thoughts and your imagination soar. serve with brown sugar and cream.

APRIL 1962 289 Add raisins or chopped dates or cream. Turn into a baked pie shell

apples to cereal. and garnish with the maraschino

cherries and chill until firm. CAN YOU Serve a fruit shortcake (strawberry, raspberry, or peach) for Green is such a pretty spring color,

breakfast. Cover a light baking the next opportunity you have serve

powder biscuit with the fruit, with sugar and powdered MEET THIS sprinkle Zing Dip the top. over pour cream

Top "Brown and Serve"rolls with 1 mediumsized avocado cinnamon and sugar and chopped 1 small onionCHALLENGE nuts before baking in a hot oven. 1 cup mayonnaise

2 teaspoons sugar Heat cold popovers in a paper 1 tablespoon lemon juice bag in a hot oven and serve with x/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce TJ strawberries and cream. dash of tabasco

pinch of garlic powder 1 drop green food coloringSave for that Purchase andServemaplehotsugar.apple sauce with cream

the avocado and onion withthen Buy it with CASH To vary baking powder biscuits Grind will big next purchase fine your in what Determine a blade a blender. or blend crisp cheese, grated bacon add of the the equivalent deposit be. down Then juice, sugar, the lemon and bits, Add or rind grated orange chopped account in Savings an American payment seasonings. coloring green and Add your amount save the same each month and raisins dates, sprinkle or herbs, with

Stir until smooth. Chill would monthly payment be. It will be paid spice, or nuts. mayonnaise.

... for because SOONER until time to serve.

1. You will eliminate those costly credit Heat doughnuts in a paper bag in

charges. a hot oven—remove and sprinkle A fast pizza may be made by using

half, English muffins cut in buttered, will extra while earn you money 2. You sugar. served with cinnamon Good

this at bigger American's 4V*%. save with spread puree, tomato seasoned milk. with with postum made increasing to is the secret buying your

salt, garlic onion, oregano, with and power.

Add to the nutrition and interest sprinkled with shredded sharp of breakfast by serving an envelope cheese and sliced mushrooms, or of gelatin in hot bouillon or in hot chopped salami. Broil and serve

& LOAN ASSOCIATION spiced tomato juice. hot.

loaves "gourmetized"Meat be may AMERICANSAVEWAY"THE (V"—Be different, surprise your family

chili of adding by a cup con carne.

with a The flavor is different.

Spring Mincemeat Pie Chili sauce used in meat loaves

HOME OFFICE: certainly does something for the

South Main, Salt City 63 Lake 1 1, Utah 1 envelope Knox gelatin smoothness of flavor. SUGAR OFFICE: HOUSE 2186 Highland

2 cup water Drive, Salt City Lake Utah 6,

GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, % cup orange juice and grated rind Add caraway seed and shredded

Salt Lake City 4, Utah of 1 orange sharp cheese to your next bread

HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: V-k cups prepared mincemeat dough and form round loaves in

Fort Street, 915 Honolulu, Hawaii a pie pan—delicious with a spaghetti whites 3 egg KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1142-1 2th Avenue, Vz sugar dinner. cup Honolulu, Hawaii

HILO OFFICE: 120 Waianuenue Avenue, dash of salt

Hilo, Hawaii 1 cup whipping cream, whipped Make a luscious, light dessert—

KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street,

Honolulu, Hawaii 1 9-inch baked pie shell

Maraschino cherries to garnish Sweet Ambrosia

Sprinkle the gelatin in the water 1 cup flaked coconut

DRINK to soften. Place over low heat, 1 can mandarin oranges

stirring constantly until it is dis- 1 number 2 can pineapple chunks flCCj A delightful stirsolved.in theRemoveorangefromjuice,the rind,heat andand IV23 bananascups tinyslicedmarshmallowsthin

for hot beverage those mincemeat. Chill in refrigerator, 1 cup sour cream

coffee. don't drink who

stirring occasionally until the mixAT YOUR GROCERS ture mounds when dropped from the Drain the juice from the oranges spoon. Beat the egg whites until and pineapple. Mix all ingredients

The most economical food wrap stiff. Beat in the sugar and salt. Fold together carefully and spoon into

you can use! gelatin mixture into the stiffly beaten a pretty glass dish. Refrigerate for

egg whites. Fold in the whipped a few hours before serving. Serves 8.

KITCHEI1 CHARITl WAXED PAPER 290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SALT LAKE CITY'S 7Ute&t "Zotel

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS

DOWNTOWN RATES:

SINGLES $6.00

DOUBLES $8.00

TWINS $10.00

UXWlty at

i 4 FROM GARDEN FREE DRIVE -/NPARK/NG Clarence Manager L West,TO SALAD BOWL EL 5-2961 PHONE

BY LUCILLE J. GOODYEAR 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

The fresher the vegetables... the

tasting healthfulbetter and more the GEAR YOURSELF FOR JUNE CONFERENCEsalad. tastes quite salad.. and no

so good as the one grown in your JUNE 1517, 1962 own garden!

For those on "weightwatchers'with special events diets and for a wealth of vitamins June 1214 for growing children, salads are "musts"on the menu. Papa and the Playhouse Centennial musical play to honor Salt Lake

A "salad"garden of your own will Theatre—Kingsbury Hall, University of Utah Campus twice daily

give months of crisp, flavorful vege- 5 and 8:30 p.m.—June 1216.

tables which you would never be An Evening at Social Hall revival of a oneact play actually produced able to find in markets. A further at Social Hall—Highland High School—twice daily 5 and 8:30

advantage of a homegrown salad is June 1416.

that the vegetables can be picked, Seven famous roadshow acts—South High, East High, Roosevelt and

washed, dried, and chilled minutes Bryant Junior High Schools—June 1416.

Thisprior to serving. alone is a most June 14 Girls Camp Day—50 years of camping in the YWMIA Tracy factor in the preparationimportant Wigwam.

of zesty salads.

Here is a suggested list of vegeJune 14 Master M ManGolden Gleaner Banquet—6 p.m. Terrace

tables that can be easily grown by Ballroom.

the home gardener on a very small area of land.

Lettuce. Lettuce is usually the

keynote of most salads. In growing 11 ft

your own, you can enjoy the preferred Cos lettuce, also known as BURNED OUT

Romaine. Loose heading varieties REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

such as Bibb, or Limestone are also favorites with salad fanciers. This A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

type of lettuce can be grown in the with tremendous added expense before you find early spring and fall, but tends to another.

go to seed in the extreme hot Let us explain your need for ample insurance weather. to cover today's higher values. For a type of lettuce that can be

grown for longer periods than the abovementioned types, leaf lettuce UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

APRIL 1962 291

is excellent. Here, one can choose sowing is recommended so that maPeppers. One can choose either

from many types with all having turity of plants will occur in the late the sweet green or red for use in about the same qualities. Recently fall. Culture is the same as for letthe garden. As the growing season

introduced is a new variety of leaf tuce with the exception that allowis so lengthy, it is best to obtain lettuce, Ruby. It is a red looseleaf ance of space must be made for plants from a grower. A halfdozen

type that holds its color and body the spread of these plants. plants will suffice for salad and genin warm weather and will grow well Watercress. This plant can be eral home use. Plant two feet apart

through September in most parts of grown in areas having a ready in loam, with a good exposure to the United States. Being colorful supply of water. Constant moisture sun. Allow 15 to 18 inches between

and tasty this variety is well worth is essential to the fullest developplants. The Allbig green peppers

trying. ment of this zesty addition to salads. are a most successful strain for home

The secret of success in growing Chives and Onions. Seeds, transgardens.

lettuce is fast growth in fertile soil, plants, and sets are the commonest Radishes. To round out the "salad"

keeping the plot weeded, providing ways to start onions. These may be garden, one can grow radishes the

ample moisture, and thinning the started as soon as the soil can be season through. Plant the seeds

plants. When one inch high, thin worked in the spring. Onions from periodically to extend the season.

the plants to about two inches apart, seeds will take 60 to 70 days to They germinate and reach maturity then again when plants are about reach table size; onions from sets from 20 to 75 days after planting.

three inches high, thin to six inches 25 to 50 days. Space the plants Plant seed at depth of 1 inch. Thin

apart. If lettuce leaves are cut about 2 to 4 inches apart. seedlings 3 to 4 inches apart. There

rather than pulled when harvesting, Chives are related to the onion. are many varieties to choose from,

leaving a oneinch stump, plants However, the leaves have a more including the long white radish that will grow a second crop. delicate flavor, just strong enough has a sharp tang. The Globemaster

Endive. This green can be grown to season a salad. They can be red radishes are an improved strain.

in one of two types, Broadleaved grown from seed or nursery plants. Slow to turn pithy, they remain

Endive, or Curly. Both hold up Cutting back the reedlike leaves crisp and tender longer than many

under hot weather and frost and develops new growth; care should others.

have a distinctive flavor. Since be taken not to cut the plant back Happy planting... and good

frost improves the flavor, a late too severely. eating!

Ye Shall Know the Truth bodies of men as well as their spirits. The following verses from the

Success of the soul in the lives of revelation of the Lord in section 50 ( Continued from page 239 mortals manifests itself in living in of the Doctrine and Covenants bear the world without being of the on this point:

you, come to naught? Or, are you "Why is it that ye cannot underplanting those plants which will bear stand and know that he that reeternal fruits and find a glorious ceiveth the word by the Spirit of

fulfilment in your soul? The choice THE THING FOR SPRING truth receiveth it as it is preached

is yours. by the Spirit of truth?

In one of the revelations of the BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER "Wherefore, he that preacheth

Lord he declared, "And the spirit and he that receiveth, understand and the body are the soul of man."Nature's decorating—how the cobone another, and both are edified

This statement from the Lord gives webs fly and rejoice together.

rise to my third kind of success, sucAs she tears old rain clouds from the "And that which does not edify is cess of the soul. All of God's childingy sky! not of God, and is darkness.

dren stand in need of understanding She will paint her ceiling such a "That which is of God is light;

certain principles which God has lovely blue, and he that receiveth light, and conrevealed expressly for their welfare. Then hang fluffy cloudlets at her tinueth in God, receiveth more

Not only must the principles be windows, too. light; and that light groweth

understood, but they must also be Last, a lush green carpet, flowered brighter and brighter until the perapplied to produce the effects which here and there, fect day."(D&C 50:2124.)

are needed in the lives of men. Will conceal the meadows, climb The Lord has told us that he is

One may achieve remarkable suceach hillside stair; the light, and his principles are also

cess of the body and success of the Nature says quite proudly: "It's the called the light. (Ibid., 6:21; John

spirit as we have defined it in this thing for Spring- 1.) In the above verse he declares

life without achieving success of the Horizon to horizon: wild flower car- "he that receiveth light,"etc. He

soul, but their having been won, peting!"says "receiveth,"not ignoreth, not

then what? We would wish for amendeth, not quibbleth about, not

every man, success of the body, sucis embarrassed about, not rejecteth, cess of the spirit, and success of the but receiveth, and "receiveth"means soul. We are concerned with man's world. We must overcome the to take into one's possession, to make

temporal and eternal wellbeing. world, as the Savior said. But we one's own. Receiveth here implies

When we declare we are working must not mistake "overcome"to much more than intellectual assent.

for the salvation of the souls of men, mean triumph over the world in The structure of the passage sugit means we are striving to save the terms of worldly success. gests emotional and volitional assent

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DISTINCTIVE BINDINGSas well. Thus, he that receiveth the

light, in continueth and God, reFor a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era reciprocallyceiveth light, and more as the light groweth brighter and brighter the individual more and more overcomes the world and JL or 12 issues in handachieves success of the soul. some covers only $3.30. All

There seems to be an additional meaning, or application of the word orders should be accomlight. In an oftquoted verse of panied with 12 Improvescripture the Lord says, "The glory of ment Eras and payment in

God is intelligence."(Ibid., 93:36.)

The complete verse reads: "The advance, plus postage for

glory of God is intelligence, or, return mail.

in other words, light and truth.

"Light and truth forsake that evil one."(Ibid., 93:3637.)

In view of what the scriptures say The West's Finest regarding light and truth, it is eviPrinters and Binders dent that by intelligence the Lord does not mean knowledge of encyclopedic proportions. Here inusing the word intelligence it apDeseret

pears that again the Lord is not speaking merely of what men callthe processes of thinking, but also \includes the processes of feeling and News doing. It appears the Lord is saying the glory of God is celestialcharacter, for celestial character for33 RICHARDS ST.''Press

sakes that evil one. Yes, man needs EM 4-2581

knowledge, here and hereafter, but SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH regardless of how much knowledge he has, he needs intelligencecharacter.

For example, a modern revelation declares: "Whatever principle of inPerfect for Easter giving..

telligence we attain unto in this life, rise usit will in the resurrection. with

if person a gains more (L2mtu New Long Primer Bibles "And knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obediThese features will tell you why ence than another, he will have so they are the finest Bibles you can buy much the advantage in the world to come."(Ibid., 130:1819.)

Consistent with what was said prior to this passage, and for the Concordance Ribbon markers

Modified grain Calf Levant clearly of trying to morepurpose Selfpronouncing circuit Half this use passageunderstand we will type Long Primer New Simulated intelligence. for character of Scripture Dictionarythe word lining leather

Proper Names glorious revelation In a to Abracorners Round Index Subject to referred basic man'sham God gold edges Red under Centercolumn 100,000 intelligence original as being anand Ultrathin Oxford References Chain—an intelligence. Regardless of 12 pages of maps India paper

man's state, as an intelligence, a prein color Authorized mortal spirit, a mortal, a postmortal Family Record King James Version spirit, or a resurrected being, that Flexible bindings Size: 5% x 8 s/s x 1"

which he is at any given time may be called his character. Therefore, Large Print Lightweight Portability

I am not using the word intelligence 04994x to mean learning, nor even wisdom, as usually conceived, for these are 04884x—A longestablished favorite in blackletter type. $14.95

particular characteristics, whereas AND NOW...

character means that which one really is. 04994xAll the words of Christ are printed in red. Black or Red. $15.45

With this concept in mind the At your bookseller gftfe] OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS New York

APRIL 1962 293 passage reads: "Whatever principle called pure research, an endeavor in

of character attain in unto this which one is not concerned about weTHE life, it will rise uses or application us in resurwith the of the principles rection."Or, putting it in other discovered or formulated but solely

words, whatever we become in soul, with finding out that which was foris that here the unknown. precisely what will be merly But even weDIRECT SHOPPER

the resurrection. in phrase applicable, continuis not accurately And

ing, "And if a person gains more for the searcher is not in pursuit of knowledge and character in this life knowledge for the sake of knowlthrough his diligence and obedience edge; he is in pursuit of knowledge

than another, he will have so much for the sake of satisfying some hunthe advantage in the world to come."ger or thirst he has for knowledge.

It is obvious in this verse that the We must not be deceived and beLord is talking about something lieve that when the Prophet Joseph more than knowledge, for he speaks Smith said: "A man is saved no

of knowledge and intelligence (or faster than he gets knowledge,"he character), and it is clearly evident meant knowledge per se. The conthroughout the revelations that God's text from which this statement comes

primary concern with man is not makes this plain. But as we are

with to what he knows but with what tempted equate with knowledge dripping Positively ends SEALER. FAUCET he is. let salvation the mighty us remember perfect Ball faucets. Design Flattened forms

seal against faucet seat. Brass bearing top Lucifer, one who had and has great

distributes pressure evenly eliminating wear knowledge, probably knowledge befit all grind. turn or as not 2 sizes seal does present capacity our yond to imagsmall, large 2 faucets. standard Pack of 3

that great ine. Yet is not knowledge

J. D. PRAIRIE CROCUS C.O.D's. postpaid. sealers $1.00 No

DISTRIBUTING CO., P. O. Box 378, Dept. M4, going to save him, but on the conAlameda, California. BY HELEN KIMBALL. ORGILL trary it has been already the means

of persuading onethird of God's

A sheen of gold hangs on the air, children to forsake their Father and

And trickling streams from snowy is still being used to dissuade God's

YES! Thebanksliltingappear;song of meadow larks; mortalKnowledgechildrenis necessary,to forsakebut knowlhim.

Your WardStake M.I.A. r ReIn violet tints the crocuses are here! edge is not enough! Knowledge and

lief Society can make money. Withwakes,balmy warmth the south wind withintelligenceus in the(character)resurrection. will rise

We Rent: To nectar seek, a goldenvested bee; The Prophet Joseph Smith also

Snow Cone Machines, Candy Through softly floating clouds, blue received a revelation which included

Floss Machines, Popcorn Mabreaks; the words, "It is impossible for a

chines The heart beats fast, the crocuses to man to be saved in ignorance."

We Sell: Onsee!first of all the flowering gems, others(Ibid., previously5:392.) Thesediscussed,words,haveas

Candy, Fountain Syrups, PopTo deck the farflung plains in glad been used extensively to encourage corn, Paper Cups array—people to seek excellence in the tracontent, in rapturous gaze ditional disciplines academic with CO. We THEATRE DISTRIBUTING CANDY blossom, Sweet dwelling in the windthe intent express that these were

EM 4-3669 swept way! the things could not of which be man

Salt Lake City, Utah Temple 225 West So. ignorant and be saved. And yet the

context of this revelation, which is overlooked by many, has little if any

On one occasion the Prophet Jorelation to the traditional academic seph Smith declared, "A man is disciplines, but does speak of one saved no faster than he gets knowlof the most sublime things available edge."(DHC 4:588.) This statement, to mortals.

too, has been taken out of its conLet us all enthusiastically pursue text often and used to support a knowledge, but let us not be de- "knowledge for the sake of knowlceived by equating knowledge with

XSJU1E f U.S.A. salvation nor ourselves permit to be is edge"concept, or a "knowledge

led gently to hell by equating 3K,UWfPTJESM3.1WS.&3svarsAcrs,to down salvation"doctrine. not permit Do

yourselves to fall into such an error. the gospel of success with the gosSUMIT ADDING MACHINE with "Scoop conKnowledge for the sake of knowlpel of Jesus Christ. Let us continuof control system trol,"which is a new fingeredge is a phrase which may have ously strive for success of the soul.

calculating fast permits ing that—without

the use of a stylus. Perfect for use AT HOME meaning in some formal empty The knowledge of which man canand OFFICE. It's only 7"x5"x6"beautifully sense. Perhaps the closest thing to not be ignorant and be saved is

constructed of durable metal housing and knowledge for the sake of knowledge knowledge of the truth, that is, plastic parts. Case in Horizon Blue, comes which is significant is what is Jesus Christ, the Redeemer of the

with instruction book, warranty and cover.

$21.95 pstpd., money back guarantee., KAY

PRODUCTS SALES, Dept. S-2, Box 204, Jefferson

Valley, N.Y. (Send for our FREE catalog!)

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA world, and the principles which he ATTENTION LD.S.

has revealed. Not just the principles,

in the printo addition thebut Lord ciples will free. WORLDS FAIR VISITORS does and make men

The point is, even with the principles, and without him men could not ultimately be free. SPECIAL ACCOMMODATIONS AND

Man finds value in secular truth FACILITIES AVAILABLE TO to find will continue doubtand no in reFAMILIES AND GROUPSvalue without it; however,

demptive truth ultimately secular To assist you in arranging lodging, Seattles'two Stakes truth will be esteemed as less than have established a Fair Housing Center. The Center is a joint

sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal project of all Seattlearea Wards. Special low rates have been

by him who has it. set. Proceeds will be donated to building funds.

Lodging of All Types 1. RECREATION HALLS - (Youth Groups)

Presiding Bishoprics Page 2. FURNISHED APTS. - (Incl. Bedding)

(Continued from page 287) 3. PRIVATE HOMES: KJI./.IJ l.U

(a) Bedroom (1 couple, share bath) contribution each month to the (b)(c) TwoBedroomor more(1 couple,bedroomsprivatewith/withoutbath) private WORLD'S FAIR young man of the Aaronic Priestbath. SEATTLE 1962

hood who contacts each family and (d) Facilities for entire families.

receives the offering.

The importance of prayer as a Don't wait! Write today for

fundamental element of the fasting Reservations and Information. 2?\ CENTURY LB

process not should be overlooked. FAIR HOUSING CENTER "EXPOSITION M spiritual strength. LD.S. WORLD'SThis to our adds

West 2114 Thorndyke As we subject our bodies to the Seattle 99, Washington spirit, we become more disciplined Phone: AT 4-5340

and practise selfcontrol. The lack

of selfcontrol is one of the contributing causes of much of the unhappiness we see in the world HANDICRAFT MATERIALS FORtoday. Young people who can derL.EARN 1

velop this selfmastery and not be led about by the appetites of the HOW TO ENRICH YOUR body will develop powers of disciSUMMER CAMP LIFE through...

pline that can be readily exercised to prevent moral mistakes in life. PROJECTS

Each of us should have the courage to act properly in the hour of need. Ask for Catalog

This courage is a spiritual element and FREE idea sheet.that can come as we submit ourselves to the spiritual requirements Discounts to Groups

of the gospel. Dealer Inquiries Invited

It is hoped that every member of the Church will catch the vision and spirit of this inspired fastofferingsystem and will welcome the young ZIM'S men of the Aaronic Priesthood each 240 East 2nd SOUTH month as they perform their priestSalt Lake City, Utah hood duties in collecting the offerings of the Saints and returning them to the bishop for distribution to the Buy your new Encyclopedia Set directneedy. wholesale. Price list sent on request. What about your fast offering? Is MIDWEST BOOK CENTER HOME STUDY

it adequate? 5136 N. Kimball Avenue Please send frei

Chicago 25, Illinois HOME STUDY catalog to:

then the object each day to Devote BRONZE NAME PLAQUES plaques Dignified, unobtrusive

ADDRESS. willin every evening find time, and signifying your generosity.

bronze.STATE. or aluCITYsomething done.—Goethe minum.Handtooled

WRITE FOR CATALOG to: HOME STUDY

INC BROTHERS. NEWMAN BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PR0V0,UTAH

r*.p-x/ji Cincinnati 3, O. 677 W. 4 St.,

APRIL 1962 295 1 f 1

...is.,..,.'CmmmmmSI 'm

f tt i! il I 1i i V::P

People who cannot find time An efficiency expert is one who for recreation are obliged, is smart enough to tell you how sooner or later, to find time to run your business and too for illness.—John Wanamaker smart to start one of his own.

Employer: Where did you get your financial Many rise to an octraining? Applicant: Yale. Employer: Good, good. casion, but few know

And what is your name? Applicant: Yackson. when to sit down.

sam; hies?. sssk; mzmrnm

The bystander noticed the farmer having difficulty with his Voice on the telephone:

horse. It would start, then slow down, almost stop until the How do you feel this morning?

farmer urged it on again. Finally the observer asked, "Is your Second voice: Fine!

horse sick?""No,"said the farmer, "but he's so afraid I'll say Voice: I guess I must

'whoa,'and he wont hear me that he stops every so open to listen."have the wrong number.

An umbrella is a device for What this country needs keeping two people half dry. now is a compact pedestrian.

In 1956 a guide in the Holy Land led the late Elder Adam S. Since love is as eternal as life, the message

Bennion to the tomb belonging to Joseph of Arimathaea of the resurrection is the most comforting, in the days when Jesus lived and in which Jesus was enthe most glorious ever given to man; for

tombed after his crucifixion. As the guide stood there he when death takes a loved one from us,

said: "There are many tombs of great men to be found we can look with assurance into the

all over the earth, but this one is different from any of open grave and say, "He is not here; he

the others—This one is empty!"—Elder Harold B. Lee has risen."—President David O. McKay

Our Lord has written the promise of the The largest room in resurrection, not in books alone, but the world is the room in every leaf in springtime.—Luther for selfimprovement.

'".: '

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EA FOOD COMPANY, PACKER OF WILLAPOINT OYSTERS AND OYSTER STEW

White Star is the tuna that's all primeHIGHfillet [NJ /\ INj Jr\irVJ JJLjjl: PROTEIN Only the prime fillet of the tuna -naturally high in protein -is accepted for

White Star. Then, a special method of pressure baking protects this natural

protein. And it's this gentle pressure baking that keeps the prime fillet so

moist, so firm, so delicate in flavor. Yet even this superior brand of tuna

P; i';;i,. costs so little you can serve it often! Look for the mermaid on the label, for

the tuna that's naturally high in protein. White Star is the tuna that's high

in polyunsaturates, too!

NEW RECIPE IDEA! TUNA SWEET 'n SOUR

For 6 servings: Mix \Yi cups pineapple tidbits and juice, Y% cup coarsely chopped green

pepper, Yi cup sliced celery, Yi cup coarsely chopped pimiento, ]4 cup vinegar, J cup water, Yi cup sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, few drops tabasco in saucepan. Bring to

smmm"mxu r;; nm boil.mixture.CombineBoil 13 minute.tablespoonsAdd cornstarch2 regular sizewith&Yiwateroz. cansto formor 1 paste.Giant AddSize to12 vegetableYi oz. can

White Star tuna. Heat to serving temperature. Serve over Chinese noodles.

without. against enemies from our Is your engineers, like knowledgeable men in Many

many other fields, armor their families with plan for is a Life Insurance. Beneficial There

Beneficial is the yours family. Perhaps life insurance every

Benefactor, the plan that protects every memadditions. the future even of family—ber your Beneficial? Beneficial it today. about your Ask man

The engineer is reshaping the face of America and America's future. His dynamic creativityhelped put America in space... and will help BENEFICIAL UEE

keep us there. His knowledge, refined in scores i/tiufamce

of specialized skills, is the best armor we have

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah