-..

The Improvement Era December 1958

D. FOR BIBLE STUDENTS... Easyto-carry

Your gift of a beautiful World Bible is Bibles with many supplemental aids for study.

an enduring expression of the true spirit Red Letter Edition. Illustrated. Bound in

Leathertex. white, No. 236CZ, f Christmas. these fine Bibles Among or black, Black, overNo. noi m \ Zipperclosed231CZ—

edition for appropriate you will find an lapping covers, $2. "75. No. 230C $3.T5.—

anyone on your gift list. E. A FAMILY GIFT... Master Art reference

Bible with Biblical Encyclopedia. 64 repro-

D A. FOR SOMEONE SPECIAL... A superbly ductions of famous religious paintings, 32 in

bound illustrated Bible containing a wealth color. Thumbindexed. Red Letter Edition.

u of reference material. Red Letter Edition. Black, genuine leather, No. 2846-1—$10.95;

Wft Black genuine leather, No. 1109C—$7.50. or genuine morocco, No. 2847-1—$15.00.

j\ B. A SUPERB PERSONAL GIFT... Beautiful F. TO DELIGHT A CHILD... The Rainbow

:sii< genuine leather bindings. Reference section. Bible, with durable fullcolor pictorial cover.

Red Letter Edition. Illustrations. Red, No. Contains the entire Old and New Testaments,

238G, or black, No. 239C—$6.50. 8 fullcolor illustrations and many other ap-

C. THE NATIVITY BIBLE... Cover features pealing features. No. 603—$2.50.

a setin replica of a lustrous stained glass LARGE PRINT BIBLE (Not shown)... Selfwindow. Red Letter Edition. Illustrated. pronouncing Pica type, 6i/2"x 9*4"page size.

Bound in Leathertex. Black, No. 240C, or Black genuine leather, No. 714—$9.50.

maroon, No. 240CM—$5.00. Black imitation leather, No. 712—$6.25.

World Bibles are printed on World IndoText, the loveliest of all India papers. In all price ranges there

are editions illustrated by eminent religious artists, editions with Concordances and other special reference sections.

.............,,,,.:,,,.....,.-..,,..........::.;...:.-,. -

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY

Available at your book, department, Cleveland 2 ( Ohio or religious store. Giftboxed, Bible Publishers to America

.\::,'.;":,',;;,.;,;;:v; ''-K*K *Vm&<isMJ?\

SMART NEW

CHOCOLATE epguin COOKIES by PURITY

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Smartly dressed up like their namesake, Sponge Diver with white cocoanut cream and dark rich Captain J. Y. CouAmbrosia chocolate.

steau, codeveloper They're really like a of the aqualung, has fine confection in reported watching a flavor and character.

60year-old Arab sponge diver, withYour favorite grocery store has them now.

out breathing apparatus, dive to a f depth of 130 feet in,| an immersion time of two and onehalf minutes.

Middleaged at 26

"The sedentary American male is middleaged by the time he is 26,"reports Professor Thomas Kirk Cureton in Think. Dr. Cureton of the

University of Illinois, recommends a program of getting into "high gear"starting with walking a mile, exercising, swimming, and in about a year increasing to more vigorous exercises such as running a mile, swimming half a mile, and vigorous workouts, on different days. Casual

sports for fun do not have the same effect. Experience at the Physical

Fitness Research Laboratory, University of Illinois, shows that systematic, rhythmic endurance exercise will alleviate the higher than normal incidence of diabetes, gastrointestinal, nervous, and cardiovas- cular disorders of men who spend their ofmost waking hours sitting "y office chair.in an PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

DECEMBER 1958 885 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 12, December 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Good Tidings of Great Joy"David O. McKay 898

General Conference Section 914 to 974

The Mission of Lay Members David O. McKay 914

"Hunger for Religion"Stephen L Richards 916

Let Us Pray Always J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 920

"Seek Ye Earnestly"Joseph Fielding Smith 920 (The remaining conference talks are presented in the order in which they were given) 892 October Conference Index, 892; Church Moves On, 893; Melchizedek Priesthood: How

Annual Visits'Pay Off, 906; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 912.

Special Features

Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 903

William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 911

Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 978, 980, 982, 994

Today's Family: Give of Yourself This Christmas Florence B. Pinnock 986

The Last Word 996

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 885; These Times: The Truth of

Christmas, G. Homer Durham, 888.

Stories, Poetry

The Magic of Christmas Mary Ek Knowles 900

What about Shannon? Virginia Kammeyer 904

Poetry 902, 910, 913, 982, 985, 994, 995

David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor;

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor;

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; John Kinnear, Editorial Associate; Florence B.

Pinnock, Today's Family Editor; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager;

Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Cover—There is something

Regional Advertising Representative. strange and wonderful

about a newborn child.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah Ourremindcoverus, servestoo, thatto

Christ Associations of the ChurchCopyright published bythe of Jesus Mutual Improvement Funds, Inc., and 1958 by Mutual

foreign subscriptions, in advance; a year, price, $2.50 a year,, Saints.of reserved. S3.00 Subscription Latterday All rights in mothertoday aslovewhenis theMarysamefirst single copy.advance; 25c

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage beheld the Christ Child.

2, 1918. in for section 1103. authorizedprovided 1917, of October July Act

Manuscripts is contributions. but unsolicited manuscripts, for welcomes responsible Era notThe Improvement are paid for on Thefrom covera fullcolorwas madetranssufficient for delivery postage and return. l'/4c at "of rateacceptance the a and by must be accompanied word

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue parency from

of the magazine. Address chi&iges cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included. Camera Clix.

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Begin your Membership with this

New Book

What could be more appropriate at Christmas time than receiving a beautifully illustrated, brilliantly written book on the life of the Saviour.

"He That Liveth,"by Doyle L. Green, managing editor of "The Improvement Era,"can be yours in time for Christmas reading or giving if you

join the LDS Books Club NOW! You'll find this family book ideal for

teaching your children about Jesus the Christ. It's fascinating language

and beautiful paintings will bring about a closeness and a love for the

HE THAT LIVETH Saviour and His teachings not experienced before. A choice book for

Christmas giving.

By Doyle L. Green

Why You Should Build Your Library Systematically—Save Up To 20%

Join Now! A. Join the LDS Books Club by ordering "He the books being named bookof-themonth. If

Your membership in the LDS selectionsThat Liveth"describedor one below.or moreYouof maythe orderalternateas you—it willwish beto sentreceiveto theyou toppostpaidbook youalongdo nothingwith a

as few one book every three to keep statement. months the will do you book, you Books enable Club to not want you

your active membership or return order you the Ifpostcard provided alternate may... for an increase your knowledge of the or one if each more books desire. selection (or all). month you at none

gospel, assist in building a you strong testimony, and give you B. With every four books you buy thru the D. After you have purchased four Book Club

these additional advantages: asLDS a Booksbonus Club,book you... receivethus youa fifthget fivebook choiceFREE fromselections,a longyoulistmayof selectchoice yourChurchfree Booksbonus whichbook

Savings: Churchapproximatelybooks for20%.the price of four, a savings of will be provided.

E. Other Church to club are books available About 20% through a free * Each receive month you will reviews sevof the through Club. members However, nonbook-

plan. bonus book eral.. carefully selected books. with of selections will credit. Club one not carry bonus

Careful Selection:

Only the choicest books are recommended.

Methodical: Fill Out and Mail This Coupon Now

Your library grows systematiLDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City IS, Utah cally. Gentlemen:

Please enroll me as a member in the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the selection(s) marked: Best New LDS HE THAT LIVETH

by Doyle L. Green $3.25 D DISCOURSESYOUNG OF BRIGHAM D CANDLEDr. AdamOFS. THEBennion.LORDBy$3.75 Books:

Discourses Elder of Bennion DOCTRINE A. Compiled by Dr. John get them You as soon as they MORMON to with R. sense advice common by Bruce McConkie..$5.00 Widtsoe $3.00 off the press. come all every ages of and walk encyclopedia containing An

longer? waif Church. Mormon Why thousands of beliefs of the Brigham Young speaks for life. the Now is himself, revealing his strength CENTURY OF SINGING to D A time act. Start building your in the and faith gospel. STORY J. MORMON By Spencer Cornwall. $3.95 library now! S. Rulon by Hwells $3.95 dramatic, - inclusive A pictorial story A of Mormonstory on the worldfamousall ism, the restoration from Tabernacle Choir. present day. to ROUTE LIVERPOOL FROM TO

THE VALLEY THE OF GREAT OF STORIES BOOK MORMON DAVID MEMORIES HOME OF - FOR LATTER YOUNG DAY SALT LAKE $4.00 O. McKAY SAINTS Compiled Dr. written and by Reprint of historical a classic By Petersen Marr R. Emma $3.00 Llewelyn $3.75 McKay

record of the emigration. LDS Tells the life story of the of True, heartstirring stories

President David O. McKay. Richly illustrated. filled with scriptural lore.

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

Amount of check or money order enclosed: $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

If you do not wish to mutilate your Era, send information on a separate sheet.

LDS Books Club DECEMBER 1958 Samsonite These Times brings the upholstered look to the world's strongest steel chair

New indestructible

,--:-**;'.w,y...v'.v.v.-.v.v.V4:Afi.- -.--.......v.'.-.'-s*v->?C'":'Is&i

PlayTVSuliiui Steel Folding Chair The Truth Special Samsonite process of Christmas bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel by Dr. G. Homer Durham

seat, for new elegance VicePresident, University of Utah in any room!

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely As the hills grow dark on Christexplanation of the feelings experimas Eve, as the sun sets and the enced during these brief hours, postdifferent folding chair! Watch your suron, the come joy sunset, peace and on Christmas Eve. Yet, roundings with lights take on new beauty

that is Christmas settles over the returning amid the conflicts and Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guaris tensions thereafter, who has not anteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In land. The truth of Christmas

washable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns. upon us. Whether we are "worthy"experienced the desire to probe

or not; whether, the vengeance of a further—to attempt to recapture the

Tests prove: "just, and terrible God,"in the spirit feeling after the ribbons and ornaSamsonite Plastiof Calvinism, waits around the ments have been put away?

Shield is slashproof! corner or in the New Year's bills, we Perhaps one explanation for the

Slash it! Knife blades little. temporarily care For a few swift entrance rapid and departureare ineffectual against at least, hours, the truth of Christmas spirit lies of the Christmas in thePlastiShield's surface.

Won't nick, cut or tear. prevails. More than at any other fact that at other times of the year

season of the year, the hallowing inthe nature and spirit of Christ himfluence of a holy peace encompasses self is either forgotten or confused.

most of us. Let us consider John Calvin. His

Samsonite PlastiWhat is this "truth of Christmas"outspoken emphasis on the "soverShield is wearresist- ant! For all its luxurythat has such effect, visible and ineignty of God"as a great and terrible

fine texture, Plastivisible? judge rather than on his mercy sits

Shield's colorful surface The usual explanations run in heavily upon the conscience of westis durable, stands up terms of giving of one's self; that it ern man. The phrase "Godfearing,"

under years o.f wear. is more blessed to give than to refor example, remains an American

ceive. And that—inheritance from Puritanism. Since

"... Inasmuch as ye have done it the time of Emerson and Joseph

Samsonite Plastiunto one of the least of these my Smith it has been increasingly

Shield is stainproof! brethren, ye have done it unto me."softened in explanation to the young

Why cry over spilled (Matt. 25:40.) as meaning "Godrespecting"; that

ink, nail polish, fruit Truly profound is "the psycholGod is a father who is to be restains? PlastiShield's

protective surface ogy"of Christian giving. We will spected, rather than a mighty soversponges clean. probably never outstrip it as deep eign, (Continued on page 992)

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE12, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture. 1958

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

so good... and it's so good for you! from General Foods. m>

100% coffeefree

DECEMBER 1958 889 1. A BASIC COURSE IN

GENEALOGYVoI. I

An Introduction to Record Keeping and Research By GARDNER, HARLAND and SMITH 2. A BASIC COURSE IN

GENEALOGYVoI. II

Research Procedure and Evaluation of Evidence

By DEREK HARLAND These two comprehensive volumes have been adopted by many wards and stakes as official study guides. Contains vital helps for

beginner and veteran. $3.95 each

3. PATHWAYS TO

HAPPINESS by DAVID O. McKAY

Some of the choicest sermons and writings of the President have been selected by his son, Dr. Llewelyn

McKay, to share with the world his keen insight into the things which bring lasting, eternal happiness. $3.95

4. THE MORMON STORY

A pictorial account of Mormonism

By RULON S. HOWELLS

Hundreds of beautiful paintings, photos, illustrations, charts and maps tell the story of the Mormon

Church from beginning to present.

Ideal for children, investigators, missionaries, and teachers. $3.95

5. SEEK A New LDS Quiz Game An ideal gift for any LDS family.

Tests your knowledge of the Standard Works of the Church, teaches many basic gospel doctrines. Wonderful for family

nights, firesides, etc. $1.95

6. CHRISTMAS

SILHOUETTES By DAVID O. McKAY

LLEWELYN McKAY Contains two warm, human stories which will tug at your heart and make delightful reading at Christmas Time. Youngsters will want

to read them or hear them again and again. 35c

7. FAMILY NIGHT READER

By S. DILWORTH YOUNG

A marvelous book for parents and young folks to read and discuss on Family Night. Explains basic

principles of the gospel with exacting skill so as to strengthen testimonies. $2.50

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 11. 9. LEADERSHIP DOCTRINE MORMON 10. PRAYER ABOUT

SILL the of By STERLING W. Compendium A By PETERSEN EMMA MARR especially to as help Published a Gospel ward fascinating to sequel this A Baptism,""About

in this "first"leaders, R. slake the and By BRUCE McCONKIE story delightful the further follows adventures

field of leadership contains clear, This concise of hundreds easyto- and of an lives orphan with boy who Mormon brilliantly illustrative written stories encyclopedia read on Mormonism foster parents. His exciting experiences

which successful of beliefs teach explains a thousands show of become how to readers young prayer.""about $1.50. the scriptural Church.. with

references cited for further study.

No LDS home should be without 12. SCIENCE AND YOUR FAITH the help of this great book.

IN GOD $5.00

A choice collection of discourses and writings of some of the foremost LDS scientists which show the harmony which exists between science and religion. Will build faith in young and

old alike. (Articles by Henry Eyring, Harvey

Fletcher, Carl Christensen, Franklin S. Harris, 1258

Joseph F. Merrill, John A. Widtsoe, Fredrick Pack.) BOOKCRAFT, 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

$3.50 Please send the following circled books for which

I enclose $ check or money order.

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12

Name..

Address

City State.

DECEMBER 1958 891 Your Business Future October ConferenceL.D.S. Business College equips you for success in the business

world Educationally, Socially, Religiously. Index

Four Big Advantages for you at L.D.S.

BUSINESS Speakers 1 TRAINING Training with the Benson, Ezra Taft 954 latest office machines, acBrown, Hugh B 944 counting procedures and busiBuehner,Clark, J. CarlReuben,W Jr 920968

ness techniques is available Critchlow,Dyer, AlvinWilliamR J 936938 from the finest, most qualified Evans, Richard L. 942

teachers. Special honors and Hanks,Hinckley,MarionGordonD B 924958

awards are made to students Hunter,Isaacson, MiltonThorpeR B 946930 who show marked distinction Ivins, Antoine R 922 in their work. Kimball,Longden, SpencerJohn W. 940948

McConkie. Bruce R. 966

McKay, David 914, 974 SOCIAL Morris,Moyle, HenryGeorge DQ 934950

ACTIVITY Petersen,Richards, MarkLeGrandE 960924 916 Richards, Stephen fully integrated A L.>. G. 952 Marion Romney,

social, includes culSill, 9562program Sterling W 928 Eldred Smith, G activitiestural, athletic and 920 Fielding Smith, Joseph for building self assurance Sonne, Alma 928

Delbert Stapley, L 926 developleadership andand

Taylor, 972 Henry D talents. exceling latent An Tuttle, 938 Theodore A.

lect dormitory is maintained Wirthlin, Joseph L. 932

at moderate rates for girls. Young,Young, S.LeviDilworthEdgn946950

Other living accommodations are also available at reasonable rates.

RELIGIOUS Subjects TRAINING 3 Institute of religion AaronicAdversity Priesthood 928, 968950 classes make the scriptures BlessingsBaptism 928, 974920 come to life and give students Blind 928 a practical outlook on the BookBooks of Mc an 930, 944916 936 Brotherhood religion Saints. of Latterday

9"4 Cigarets classes These institute help 958 Delinquency to give students the wellEuropeFaith 926, 934928 rounded education so imporFamily 958 tant to proper adult developFreedomGeneral Conference 954968

Government 954 ment. Good

936 Happiness Holy Ghost 920 EMPLOYMENT JesusImmortalityChrist 956956

942, 946 London Temple service placement The Missions and Missionaries 972 916, 922, 924, 926, 960,4activelySERVICE JosephKingdomSmithof God 948966 intercovers the mountain industrial area, OldPeaceAge 936, 958946 finding the most suitable Prayer 920, 946 positions for graduates. Also, PreexistenceRestoration 916, 930, 952956

students wishing parttime Service 936 940 Setting Apart be assistedwork will - 926 in every South Seas possible.way Employment 924 Temples

928 Temptations isassistance available 948 Testimony student'sthroughout the busi968 Ward Teaching 926, ness career. Welfare Program 932

Wisdom 946 Word of Wisdom 924, 932 Winter Quarter Begins January 5, 1959 Youth 924, 950

NOTE: Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

of the Twelve and Elder EIRay L. Christiansen,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, were touring missions in South Africa and Europe respectively. Business CoCCege LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DURHAM makes the folding metal chairs you need *,'AND TESTEDAPPROVEDN\

I BY LEADING, INSTITUTIONS FOR / VOVER 50 YEARS/ * **'The Church COMFORTABLE, HANDSOME Streamlined styling.

They look easier to use, more comfortable... and they are! Extra

width seats and backs, Moves On shaped and curved for correct, easy posture.

September 1958 No. 875

Elders Jack S. Daley, formerly first counselor to President DURABLE,

Jesse A. Udall of the St. Joseph (Arizona) Stake, sustained as EASY TO HANDLE

president of that stake. His counselors are Elder Burt Tested strength,

McBride, who was serving with President Udall, and Elder Eldon achievedheavier gaugeby usingsteel

Palmer. and improved design,

At the conclusion of its weekly nationwide radio broadcast, the result of 50 years'the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir was given a breakfast testimonial experience in manuby the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce and several businesses, facture.carry, setEasyup again.to fold,

prior to its leaving next month on a concert tour.

October 1958 ECONOMICAL TO The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder BUY AND TO USE

John D. Warner as president of the Finnish Mission, sucPrice-wise and qualityyou'll find wise, B. Robinson. President President Phileon ceeding Warner

chairs your DURHAM 194749, serving in Finland, mission and is presently filled a as best investment. They

second counselor in the Cedar City, Utah, Second Ward bishopric. retain their sturdiness

Sister Warner and their two small sons and daughter will accomthroughand goodyearslooksof pany him to this new assignment. roughest usage.

The appointments of Oliver R. Smith and G. Robert Ruff to

the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union were announced. No. 605 R

The Relief Society opened its first general conference since POSTURECORRECT 1956 (the 1957 conference was not held because of the flu LADDERBACK...

epidemic). Today's sessions included an officers'meeting ONE OF MANY

STYLES FOR and a general session (both in the Tabernacle), and a reception JUVENILES for stake board members and mission officers in the Relief Society building. ALSO TABLET ARMCHAIRS FOR ADULTS

The concluding day of the annual Relief Society conference AND JUVENILES No. 25)

was devoted to department work.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir presented a "premiere STYLING that lasts... in CHAIRS

performance,"of its forthcoming eastern and midwestern tour, that LAST... and LAST... and LAST!

to an appreciative audience in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Channel or tubular steel frames. Wood,

steel or padded, upholstered seats. PosThe one hundred twentyeighth semiannual conference of turecurved metal,padded,contouredupholsteredwire,backs.or

the Church opened in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. There had Hymn rack attachments.

been a new pulpit installed there for this conference. It is Folding tables, folding

electronically operated, in that the microphone and the speaker's chairladders, steel book books or notes may be adjusted to his liking, and a clock set to shelfoffices.unitsNewfor librariestablet armand

flash a silent warning at the close of a specified time. All the chairs! Be sure of the best

members of the General Authorities were present at the conference—buy Durham!

except Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve, who is For price quotation ivrite or call

touring the South African Mission, and Elder ElRay L. Christiansen, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, who is touring the Chapman Company

European missions. 244 East Second South St.

During a special evening session of the conference, the Aaronic Salt Lake City, Utah Phone DA 2-0406

mfg. corp. DURHAM

MUNCIE, INDIANA DECEMBER 1958 893 s booKS

CENTURY OF A 1. HE THAT LIVETH 2. SINGING Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor J. Spencer Cornwall "The Improvement Era"Hamuli; The most complete story

told the ever famed about Written especially for youth 111year-old Tabernacle is this appealing, comprewritten Choir, by him hensive account of Life the it 1935 directed from who of Jesus the Christ. The It 1957. sparkles with parables, the miracles, and to apanecdotes, amusing the inspiring life of the biopealing photographs, Savior are beautifully retold sketches graphical on in the language of today. organists, conductors, and Ten magnificent masterIt members. wellknown pieces, in full color, by highlights, tours, concerts, famous Danish painter Carl radio broadcasts and Henrik Bloch, are included. years. the through

3.25 3.95

4. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL

3. ANCIENT QUESTIONSVol. II

AMERICA SPEAKS Joseph Fielding Smith

Dr. Leland H. Monson Fifty timely questions, many

A study of several apnot published before, are given proaches to the Book of straight forward answers by

Mormon. The author inan eminent LDS scriptorian.

dicates that the Book of Many are concerned with such

Mormon should be read as timely subjects as nonsegre- a message to three modern gation, guided missiles and groups of people—the space travel, and others.

Lamanites, the Jews, and 2.50

as Gentiles; a study the

great lives of of the men Volume 1—2.50

of the Nephite and Jaredite civilizations; and as

a new witness for the divinity of Jesus. Reading

the Book from of Mormon these points of view Say dlC makes it more interesting and profitable. 2.00 I GOOD';

DcserctSiBooh Co:

,. 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah --'"-*"

DESERET COMPANY BOOK OJW,!?W!ffflWWwUtah 1- Salt Lake 'City, Temple, East South 44

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) 1 have an account. Please charge.

Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books:

1 3-a 4 5 6 7

Name

Address City Zone. State.

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CANDLE OF THE LORD Dr. Adam S. Bennion

Choice selections from the speeches and sermons of the beloved Apostle Bennion are now brought together in this single volume for reading enjoyment, teaching, and preparing speeches.

3.75

SAY THE GOOD

WORD Oscar A. Kirkham

Bible Handsomelybound is of sheer beau- a bookHere Morocco Persian in ty, a written by who man ready leather, with LDS of youth, hearts theknew complete reference and held they most whatand DicConcordance, with thrill as You'lldear. again fullcolor tionary, and

read, Buildyou "To A family, church, For maps.

Fire,""Kirkham's Totem"missionaries. and

others.and $12.00

3.50 Thumb indexed—13.50

DECEMBER 1958 895 Priesthood Memorial on Temple Square was dedicated by President David O. McKay.

A special meeting for Church welfare secretaries was held in

Barratt Hall.

Groups of missionaries and returned servicemen held their reunions in various parts of the city. Other groups were to get

together Saturday or Sunday evenings.

An early morning meeting in the Assembly Hall, under the direction of the Church welfare committee, discussed agricultural problems.

A special meeting for patriarchs was held.

Over 38,400 priesthood bearers participated in the priesthood session of the general conference. They were in the Tabernacle

'You can ALWAYS and adjacent buildings, as well as in over one hundred chapels and stakehouses in the United States and Canada; all connected to the

a direct wire telephone connection. depend on good Tabernacle by The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

meat at WilliamsucceedingGrantPresidentBangerterAsael T.as Sorensen.president Presidentof the BrazilianBangerterMission,served

SAFEWAY''ll aGrangermissionWard,in Braziland atfromthe 1939time toof this1941.call,Hewasis servinga formeras bishoppresidentof

of Granger (Utah) Stake. Mrs. Bangerter and their six children

This statement of fact is heard will accompany him to Brazil.

regularly from homemakers who shop at Safeway. It is a reputation The semiannual general conference of the Church conthat Safeway is extremely proud to cluded with two general sessions. It was estimated that

have earned. more than five hundred thousand persons heard these Sunday

sessions by means of radio and television stations. There had been

One of the major reasons for this a network of stations broadcasting and televising the conference reputation for quality is the fact during the three days, with a greater number of stations participatthat Safeway sells ONLY quality ing Sunday.

meat. For instance Safeway carThe conference of the Deseret Sunday School Union was held

ries nothing but USDA Governthis evening in the Tabernacle.

ment Graded Beef.

All Beef sold in Safeway Stores The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Ralph E. Brown of Mesa, Arizona, to preside in the Spanishof Utah and Idaho is procured

Mission, President succeeding Harold American I. Bowman.

from Utah and Idaho packers. President 192426, Mission, served in and has Brown the Mexican

Thus Safeway helps local packbeen bishop of the Chandler (Arizona) Ward, served as a member ers, local producers and local of a high council in two stakes, and at the time of this mission call, shoppers. was a member of the presidency of his high priests quorum. Sister

Brown will accompany him on this new assignment. They have

Meat purchases, with beef as the six grown children.

principal item, last year amounted to: t# Lewiston (Idaho) Stake, 268th now in the Church, formed

from portions of Spokane (Washington) Stake, and the $9,194,268 Northwestern States Mission, under the direction of Elder

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Sterling

Sill, Assistant to the Twelve. President Albert I. Morgan and In Utah and Idaho W. his counselors, Elders Frank A. Davidson and Leonard H. Benfall

of the Spokane Stake were released. Elder Derald P. Romney was

sustained as the president of Spokane Stake, with Elders Melvin

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY McFarlane and Charles Ray Bates as counselors. Spokane First,

Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, Bonners Ferry, Coeur d'Alene,

FRIEND OF THE FARMER and Sandpoint wards make up the stake; also Colville, Deer Park,

Priest River, St. Maries, Wallace, and Kellogg branches, the last

three being formerly a part of the mission. Elder Golden Romney

(a cousin of President Derald P. Romney) sustained as president

of Lewiston Stake, with Elders David W. Barker and John B.

Schwendiman as counselors. Wards are Lewiston First and second,

are Colfax, SAFEWAY Moscow First and Second, and Pullman. Branches

Grangeville, Kamiah, and Orofino, the latter three being transferred from the mission.

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tip the bottlesee the fruit that gives you feshi fruit flavor!

.. fresh fruit flavor you can see!

SEE the difference... TASTE the difference

in Squirt! Start today to enjoy the refreshing

new kind of soft drink made from fresh, naturally ripened fruit. Call for Squirt in handy

sixpacks wherever beverages are sold or served.

//never an afterthirst //

Squirt now welcomes COUNTRY CLUB FOODS, INC.

to their family of bottlers, in the Salt Lake and Davis

County area. CALL FOR SQUIRT WHEREVER BEVERAGES

ARE SOLD OR SERVED!

COUNTRY CLUB FOODS, INC 47 Kensington Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah Phone IN 6-2121

DECEMBER 1958 897 Good

by President David O. McKay

"And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. "And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them;

and they were sore afraid.

"And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which

shall be to all people.

"For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.

"And this shall be a sign unto you: Ye shall find the

babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.

"And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:8-14.)

That is the sweetest story ever told; and though it

may be repeated time after time, it never fails to move and satisfy, for there is inherent in it much of the meaning of life.

The scene is Bethlehem, a city in Palestine in point of historic interest second only to Jerusalem.

In Micah, the fifth chapter, Bethlehem, the city of David, is mentioned by that prophet as the birthplace of the Messiah. I wonder if the shepherds to

whom this revelation of Christ's birth was given had not that prophecy in mind as they kept watch over their flocks by night. A revelation of God does

not come to man unless he prepares himself for it and lives worthy of it. Evil influences will thrust

themselves upon men, but God will be sought. Evil

is always crowding and tempting and promising. God

asks us to put forth effort and seek. "Seek and ye

Editors Page

Tidings of Grea tJoy

shall find; knock, and it shall be opened"(Matt. 7:7), It is the spirit of Christmas that counts; it is the

but we must seek, we must knock, and I think these feeling that we are his brethren, and that we want humble shepherds were treasuring in their hearts the to live to come back into his presence, so that we can hope, as all Judea was treasuring it, that the Messiah go, as the shepherds went, right into the very presence would soon come. Those humble men had opened of the King of kings, the Lord of lords.

to them the vision of God. Let us have the spirit of the Christmas with the

"And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away assurance that the shepherds had as they heard the from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to message of the angels, and with that spirit go to him.

another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and Therein is life. Unless we can find God and Christ

see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord and know them, we shall not have eternal life, for hath made known unto us."(Luke 2:15.) "this is life eternal, to know thee, the only true God,

The shepherds did not say, "I wonder if this be and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."(See John

true."They did not say, "Let us go and see if this 17:3.)

thing be true"; they said, "Let us go and see this How can we get that peace of which the angels

thing which is come to pass which the Lord hath sang, and which the shepherds found in that little made known unto us"—an assurance that God had limestone grotto with Mary lying there in a manger;

revealed his Son, that the angels had given to the not such a manger as we now have, but just a crude world the message that he who should be King of place where donkeys and other animals found their kings and Lord of lords had come as a mere babe forage, near where their keepers slept.

in the humblest part of that little Judean town. How can we get that peace? It would be the

What would you give—you who may not have that greatest blessing that could come to mortal man.

assurance—to have in your hearts that same confidence Not lethargy, not inactivity, but peace; that peace

that Christ is born, that Christ lives, that God had which Christ had in mind when, after his resurrection, heralded his birth by angels in heaven? All doubt he appeared to his Twelve and said: "Peace be unto

would be banished, all worry concerning our puryou."(Ibid., 20:21.) Such peace is never won by

pose here in life would cease. That is what such subterfuge or argument. "Nothing can bring you this

a testimony means. If we could only say: "Let us peace,"said Emerson, "but the triumph of principle."

go now and see this thing which has come to pass, The triumph of principle means also triumph over which the Lord hath made known unto us."The the six enemies to peace which I wish to name as

revelation that Jesus Christ, the Savior of the world, avarice, lust, worldly ambition, envy, anger, and is a divine personal Being, is a wonderful thing. Is pride; the six things which the tempter offered in a

it not the most sublime in all the world? With it varying form to the Savior on the Mount of Temptacomes the assurance that Christmas has a divine tion. Unrestrained passion, ungoverned appetite,

significance. envy, hatred, wealth, (Continued on page 975)

DECEMBER 1958 899 All at once she dreaded going home dreaded that moment when the children would learn that theunicr

by Mary Ek Knowles She wondered if Linda had arrived home from her babytending job in time to start supper, and if Bud

When Anna Marshall came out of the office buildhad finished shoveling walks for his regular customers ing that Christmas Eve, the snow was falling in great in time to clear their own driveway and sidewalk.

feathery flakes, and the triumphant strains of "Joy And were they still excited, still talking about to the World"sang out from the loud speaker atop Christmas morning and presents. She thought, "Tothe city bank. morrow is Christmas morning. Have I made it clear

Last minute shoppers, their arms loaded with to them that there will be few presents, that this packages, their faces glowing, pushed their way goodmust from necessity be a practical Christmas?"

naturedlv through the dense crowd. With the ChristLinda was thirteen, Bud fifteen, not too old to still

mas trees atop the lampposts and the glittering star believe in the magic of Christmas. She worried, her

that hung suspended above the main intersection heart sinking. Not too old to wish for a miracle so

the scene was like a painting titled "Christmas Eve that tomorrow morning they will find all the gifts on Main Street."they want under the tree!

But Ann did not see the bright tinsel nor hear the For weeks she had been cautioning them, warning glad music. She only saw the clock on the corner. them, and yet she had never seen them so excited,

Five after six! She had told Tonv she would be at so—so expectant! Oh, they are going to be bitterly

the hospital no later than 4:30 to take him home. disappointed tomorrow morning. She knew a moBut there had been urgent letters to type for Mr. ment of sickening desperation. And then she reEndicott at the last minute, and he had been so good membered Tony and pushed the thought aside.

to her since Tony's accident that she couldn't object. She could picture Tony sitting in the hospital

She turned her steps toward the parking lot and ward by his bed, his crutches by his side, his radio pushed her way through the crowds, feeling frusplaying, and magazines in a pile, watching the door, trated, because people kept stopping to talk and listening for her footsteps. He would be waiting

laugh and wish each other Merry Christmas. Couldn't patiently. Tony had learned patience in eight

they understand that tonight, after eight months in months of operations and setbacks. He hadn't been

the hospital, her husband was being released and patient before the accident. Tony had been a vital,

they were blocking her path? highpowered salesman accustomed to making things

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:i%Mw: *"*

%.f;:;,:-:- ':

<w$mlM %s;j.|-;:ft.::..:::: -.—:-..*,.

SK&*

.**<'*

>:: -;: ** -..

jRrf*!*ilflR & USK91B'1*

:.-. 1—| TMM

AaJ failed them

happen now and exactly as he wanted them to a big Christmas bonus and they were spending it.

happen. That was Tony and me a year ago! she thought.

Tears stung her eyes. Maybe it wasn't patience Sitting on top of the world, blissfully confident of the

at all, but resignation. She only knew that Tony future.

wasn't the old Tony at all. He was beaten, disShe became suddenly conscious of the plain tweed

couraged. coat she was wearing and in the second while she

She finally reached the parking lot, climbed into waited for the light to change the events of the past the car. It was an old model, built high off the months swept over her.

ground. A year ago she would have laughed if anyAgain it was a rainy blustery night in March. She

one had suggested she'd even drive such a car. But was standing at the window watching for Tony to

their beautiful low, shiny automobile had been totally come home. He was hours late. In the background

wrecked and she had been grateful to find this car. she was dimly aware of Bud and Linda quarreling

At least it got her to the hospital and to her job. and her thought, They have everything. Why are

She held her breath as she pushed her foot on the they so cross with each other all the time?

starter. Sometimes "The Heap,"as Linda and Bud And then the telephone had shrilled, and there

called the car, could be extremely temperamental. had been an ominous sound to it, almost like the

But this time it responded to her touch, and the shriek of a siren. Even before she answered it she

motor came alive with a gratifying roar. knew—Tony's car had skidded on the slick road of

She turned out of the parking lot and onto the the mountain highway coming from Sinclair and had

Main Street, stopping as the traffic light turned red. gone over the cliff!

It was then she saw them, the couple hurrying across What followed was still like a nightmare. The

the street, the tall handsome man in his welltailored agonizing hours at the hospital while Tony's life topcoat, the pretty woman in her expensive black hung by a brittle thread, the eleven operations that hat and furs. slowly mended his broken body, the fear that he

They had their arms loaded with packages, and would never walk again, and the relief when she they were talking, looking into each other's eyes and knew he would walk—but with crutches.

laughing, and they looked so confident, so happy that And part of the nightmare had been the behavior

Ann just felt sure the husband had just received of their two children. They had cried when they

DECEMBER 1958 901 knew their daddy had been hurt. They had said they She had bought overshoes and an inexpensive but

wanted to help her, but when the time had actually warm red coat for Linda, and for Bud two pair of arrived for their help and sacrifice they had been at bluejeans and a pair of thicksoled oxfords because first angry, then defiant, and finally obedient. he had grown so fast in the last year.

But before the obedience there had been weeks of The light changed, and she drove on, eager to get tears and arguments. She could still hear Linda's to Tony. He knew nothing of the struggle she'd

voice. "You mean I can't go to the matinee with had with the children. She had told him only how

Joan and Sue! It'll only cost a dollar and a half!"well they were all doing, how beautifully the children

And her own voice trying to be calm and patient. were cooperating. Would he guess the truth when

"We don't have a dollar and a half for a matinee, he saw the children, would he know for sure toLinda. Can't you understand? Daddy's hospital morrow morning when they didn't get the gifts they

bills have used up all our insurance, all our savings. wanted?

I was lucky to find an office job, but my salary will She parked in the hospital parking lot and raced not cover everything. You'll have to get some babyup the steps of the hospital. Tony was sitting as she

tending jobs and—"had pictured him by his bed. She came in the room

"Me tend children? Well, I won't do it!"so quickly, so quietly that she surprised a look of

"You'll have to, Linda. And you, Bud, I'm sorry defeat on his face, and her heart twisted. Tony had

but you can't go to camp this summer. You'll have always been so debonaire, so confident. How thin

to get a job cutting people's lawns, taking a paper he was now, how quiet!

route. You—"Then he saw her, and his face assumed the deter-

"But my bicycle's broken and can't be fixed and—"mined smile that she knew was only a front to keep

"Then you'll have to walk the route, Bud."her from worrying. Her arms went around him, and

"Like heck I will! That's a stupid job and I won't for the moment it was enough. Tony was alive and

do it!"he was going home! "Did you think I'd never come?"

"And I won't tend children. I won't!"she asked. "An emergency came up at the office.

Ann had looked into the faces of her children, Mr. Endicott's been so kind I couldn't protest,"

distorted with anger and selfishness, and realized, For a moment he held her tight, not saying any- "We have spoiled our children terribly. It's our thing, and then he said eagerly, "I knew you would

fault, not theirs!"And for a moment she had almost come. Let's go. Can you carry the radio and books?"

said, "Never mind. I'll manage somehow."He reached for his crutches. "Watch how graceful

But she had been patient with them and after I am with these sticks."

awhile they had stopped protesting and had done as He was not graceful. He was very awkward, and

she wished although she had been conscious of their the crutches spread out, but he was determined. When

smoldering resentment. he was finally seated in the car, he gave a sigh,

There had been a lot of talk of Christmas and "You've got an old man on your hands, Honey."He

hours spent pouring over the Christmas catalog, and laughed when he said it, but she could hear the the excitement that goes with Christmas mounting note of despair. Then he said, "Gosh, I'll be glad

as the days went by, until this past week they had to get home, to see my kids. Let's hurry. It's

seemed almost in a fever. Christmas Eve."(Continued on page 976)

EVERY CHRISTMAS TREE SHOULD HAVE A STAR

by Gladys Hesser Burnham

Every Christmas tree should have a star And Wise Men traveled weary days for sight

Emblazoned on its point to lift our eyes Of Baby Jesus, and brought gifts to show

Through tinsel, colored balls, beyond the prize,

To heights that waft our wayward thoughts afar. Homage to the newborn King. Our tree

Holds high the symbol of a seeking world

On the first Christmas many years ago That "Peace on Earth"shall, as a shield unfurled,

Shepherds were guided by that mystic light Shine forth aloft, for all mankind to see.

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Alvin R. Dyer

Assistant to the Twelve

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was offered other athletic positions. He declined, as

welcomes Elder Alvin R. Dyer, as an Assistant to the they required some play on the Sabbath day.

Council of the Twelve. He was called to that posiElder Dyer married May Elizabeth Jackson of Salt

tion as the Authorities were sustained at the SaturLake City in the Salt Lake Temple June 2, 1926.

day morning session of the semiannual general They have one daughter and a son, and one grandson.

conference, October 11, 1958. He served as first counselor in the bishopric of the

Elder Dyer is presently serving as first assistant Fifteenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake, from 1927 to 1934;

general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual and as a member of the high council of Salt Lake

Improvement Association, a position to which he was Stake, 193440; as a member of the Riverside Stake

called at the conference last April. high council, 194042; as superintendent of Sunday

He returned to Salt Lake City in August, after preSchool in the Yalecrest Ward, Bonneville Stake ( 1942siding in the Central States Mission since 1954. 44); second counselor in the Monument Park Ward

While in the mission field he was active in both bishopric (19441948); bishop of the Monument Park

the Missouri Historical Society and the Jackson County Ward from 1948 until 1954 when he was called as

Historical Society. In working with the Indians of mission president.

that part of the country, he was honored by being received into the CaddoDelaware Tribe, being awarded the ceremonial headgear of an honorary chief by Church members of that tribe.

Elder Dyer was born January 1, 1904 in Salt Lake

City, a son of Alfred Robert and Harriet Walsh Dver.

At the age of eighteen he was called to serve in the

Eastern States Mission, 192224, where he was for a time supervising elder of the New York District.

Upon his return from the mission field he completed a correspondence course on mechanical drafting and technical engineering. He served as a sheet

metal journeyman from 1925 to 1933.

In 1934 he became manager of the heating and air conditioning department of Utah Builders Supply.

In 1949 he formed his own Dyer Distributing Company, which he headed until he was called to preside in the Central States Mission. At that time he dissolved his business interests.

As a young man, before entering upon his first mission, he was known far and wide for his ability as a baseball pitcher, he also played shortstop. After

returning from his mission to the Eastern States, he

DECEMBER 1958 903 *m0 <#l Jt mm.

iS:S:WSi;S;.j:-:::::;;: jl-:i:::,::::.:;ta1W::..yKXmmXSmfmmSmtXmmi.'SiS

mimm?ilk

What

One haughty look from her could shatter my morale, and make the teaching of wholesome values seem corny.

by Virginia Kammeyerabout Shannon?

"She's a pretty little ice cube."And you can do it, gal."He squeezed my arm.

My husband had just asked me, "How are you No doubt of it, I felt weak. But I was surely to

progressing with Shannon LeRoy?"and I had anlearn a lot, whether the girls did or not.

swered him, wearily. As the autumn progressed, our Junior Gleaner class

I lowered myself in a middleaged fashion onto the went pretty well. They were sweet girls, who only

sofa. Most Tuesday nights I got along pretty well needed an occasional stern reminder to put away their

with the girls, but the evenings Shannon decided to lipsticks and wallets full of pictures and quit giggling.

come to Mutual, my discipline dissolved. Then the Young Women's president, Mary Hearst,

"What does she do?"Ray asked. asked the leaders to make a survey of the inactive

"Nothing much. It's mostly her attitude. She girls. We were to call on them and find out why

doesn't come often enough to do herself any good. they were not coming out to Mutual, Sunday School,

About once a month she strolls in—late—her little and Sacrament meeting. The Church was concerned

nose in the air, and dressed like a model. She about these little stray lambs, and we were to make

walks as though she were stepping over the bodies an effort to get them active again.

of her prostrate subjects, and takes a seat in the back. Some of the girls, I found, had evening jobs, some

And every girl in there wishes she could drop dead were plainly not interested, and on one report I and get up again looking just like Shannon. After wrote:

that, there's no use trying to give a lesson. All they "Shannon LeRoy—Has been baptized, but parents

have on their minds is, 'Gee, what a cute hairdo'; and are inactive. Mother and father both work. Shannon

'Where did you buy that dress?'said she might come."

"Have you tried talking to her?"And so she did start attending, occasionally. I

"Yes, I have. She looked at me as though I ought should have been glad that she came out at all. But

to be out scaring crows, or something."the evening was wasted when Shannon showed. The

"Why does she come?"girls clustered around her, giggling and whispering

"Just to make an impression, I guess. She's cersecrets. And one haughty look from her could shattainly pretty, and she has lovely clothes."ter my morale, and make the teaching of wholesome

I had taken this class of Junior Gleaners with misvalues seem corny.

givings. Happily teaching a Sunday School class of And the nights we met with the boys, heavens!

serious, purposeful adults, I had been knocked flat She would sit on the back bench and laugh with the when the bishop asked me to be the leader for the fellows and Bob Tremaine or I, whichever was in sixteen to eighteenyear-old girls in Mutual. My charge that night, went down in utter defeat.

whole experience with teenage girls had been the "I can't get close to her,"I said to Mary Hearst.

care and feeding of a husband and two sons, and a "She just gives me that look. And she won't call me

million camping trips with same. 'Sister Gregory'; it's a very cold 'Mrs.'

"Why did he ask me?"I protested to Ray. "I "1 don't want to keep a Treasures of Truth Book,

don't know anything about girls."Mrs. Gregory'; and 'I won't have time to work on a

"Don't underestimate yourself,"my husband told Silver Gleaner award.'"

me. "You have a lot to give them. Those girls need "Well, don't give up,"Mary Hearst consoled me.

someone who can help them understand true values. "You may reach her yet."( Continued on page 980

DECEMBER 1958 905 Melchizedek Priesthood

...'... i How annual confidential

...visits pay off

When properly handled, the annual confidential would like to do interview of all Melchizedek Priesthood holders will in the Church; to

do more than almost any other thins; to reactivate ascertain whether

delinquent quorum members. he keeps the standThis annual visit by members of quorum presiards of personal

dencies is the ideal occasion for them to get close righteousness to their members, to learn their true feelings toward which he should;

the Church, and to gain the information needed for to discover whether an intelligent approach to priesthood reactivation. he is in harmony

What is the annual confidential interview? What with the programs and policies of the Church; to

purpose does it serve? How does it tie into the proformulate a judgment as to how to proceed, in indigram of priesthood reactivation? How, when, where, vidual cases, to bring the full blessings of the priestand by whom are the interviews made? And how hood to someone who is not participating fully in

should the information thus gained be used in priestthe Church program.

hood reactivation? Quorum presidencies are called, appointed, and

In getting a proper perspective of this whole subobligated to lead their quorum members to eternal ject, we should first remind ourselves of the objectives life. They have been given the keys of presidency so

of the great program of priesthood reactivation which they can direct the manner in which their members has been going on in all the stakes for the past three use the priesthood. Since no one can inherit eternal

years. These objectives are: life except through obedience to gospel standards,

1. To gain a Church assignment, an actual posiit follows that quorum presidencies must see to it

tion of work and responsibility, for every adult that their members keep the commandments. In

brother in the stake. No one ever makes real and ministering for the salvation of their brethren, presisubstantial progress toward salvation until he begins dencies must see to it that all pay a full tithing, keep

to give of himself in service to his fellow men. the Word of Wisdom, honor the Sabbath day, are

2. To lead every adult brother along the path of morally clean, have regular family prayer, work in

temporal and spiritual progression. Quorum responsithe Church, manifest integrity in their business dealbility in temporal things includes the whole employings, and meet all of the high standards found in the

ment placement program of the Church welfare gospel.

program. It includes the obligation to rehabilitate The annual confidential interview is probably the

and to improve the economic status of quorum memchief tool in the hands of presidencies to learn the bers. Quorum responsibility in spiritual things is to status of personal righteousness of their members. Its

guide brethren along the path that enables them to chief purpose is not to collect social statistics or to cleanse and perfect their own souls and thus become gain information to send into the brethren on a report.

heirs of salvation. These things are only incidental. Its main purpose

3. To get each adult brother to marry in the temple is to give quorum presidencies the information they

that the door will be opened to eternal exaltation. need to do their job.

Priesthood reactivation is not complete until a man For instance, Brother Quorum President: Do you

has his wife and children sealed to him for eternity. know, by name, whether each member of your quo-

4. To guide quorum members along the path leadrum is a full, part, or nontithepayer? Do you know,

ing to eternal life or exaltation in the celestial kingdom. by name, whether each member uses tea, coffee, toNow, how does the annual confidential visit fit into bacco, or liquor? Whether each member goes to

this program? Obviously these visits afford opporSacrament meeting regularly? Observes the Sabbath

tunity to learn what a quorum member is doing or day? Has a reputation for integrity and morality in

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:.''. rrr -"...............................

the community? Supports and sustains the local member keeps the Sabbath day holy can easily lead

and General Authorities of the Church? Has a testito a discussion and explanation of what the Saints

mony of the gospel? Has a Church assignment? may and may not do on the Lord's day. A question

Needs financial assistance? Should have a better job about family prayer immediately opens the door to

to make his financial ends meet? Whether in all an explanation, if needed, that such consists in prayer

particulars he is living in harmony with gospel with the family, twice a day, preferably in the morning standards? and evening, before breakfast and the evening meal,

If these things are not known about each individual and that the requirement is not met, for instance, by in the quorum, why not? How can quorum officers merely saying a blessing on the food.

do intelligent and systematic work in the reactivation Instances have arisen in which bishops have hesifield unless they have the information needed about tated to tell quorum presidencies, by name, the tithing each member? And coupled with this confidential status of quorum'members, such bishops reasoning

information, quorum presidencies should have availthat tithing information is confidential. True, it is

able the general data called for on the "White Report confidential, but this means that it is to be kept from and Record Cards,"such latter information, however, those not entitled to have it. Quorum presidents are

being collected by the fact finding and reporting entitled and obligated to know the tithing status ( not committees. the amounts) of their members, by name, and not

These confidential interviews are made by members merely in the form of statistical summaries. Unless

of quorum presidencies only. A quorum president it is known by name the great value and purpose of

or one of his counselors should sit down with each using it to obtain compliance from delinquent memquorum member, in the absence of his family, and bers is lost.

talk over the various items involved. If answers are Accordindv, the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook

already known to some of the questions, such queries directs: "Bishops or branch presidents shall furnish,

need not be raised. Questionnaires should not be as requested, information to quorum presidents or

used. Direct questions on morality should not be unit leaders for their annual reports regarding the

asked. Tithing information is to be gained from the tithing status of quorum or unit members, indicating

bishop at the end of the year and need not be asked whether they are full, part, or nontithepayers. The

of the quorum member. If a quorum member deamounts should not be disclosed."(Page 21.)

clines to answer a question, that is his privilege. Be Also: "When eaph member has been interviewed,

tactful. These interviews are to draw people to the the quorum presidency or unit leader should take a

Church, not drive them away. list of quorum or unit members to each respective

When properly conducted, confidential interviews bishop or branch president at the end of the year and are excellent occasions to teach the stand of the Church ascertain each members tithing record as to whether where the basic principles of personal righteousness he is a full tithepayer, part tithepayer, nontithepayer, are concerned. A question as to whether a quorum or is exempt from the (Continued on page 979)

DECEMBER 1958 907 Fifth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

Continued

u 'Wilderness 'AK the beginning of adolescence

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of 12 and 13) time but is perfectly capable of restraint whenever necessary. Seventhgraders like to be challenged and

"So This Is Junior High?"complimented by this favorite teacher.

When a 12year-old graduates from grammar school But seventhgraders will avoid the title of "teacher's to junior high, it is one of life's epochs. A sixthgrader pet"like the bubonic plague. This is because they

in grammar school is a big frog. A seventhgrader in want identification with the gang. As a result, when

junior high is a polliwog. Right away he sees the a teacher—even a favorite—leaves the room, seventhdifference. Instead of a desk he gets a locker—with graders are likely to break out in a rash of kid antics

a key he has to keep from losing. Instead of a reguto prove they are still part of the gang. This usually

lar room, he goes to a different room for every class. includes throwing spit wads, chalk, and erasers,

And each class is taught by a different teacher. He vandalizing the teacher's desk, or drawing weird

has to pack books around, change classes quickly, do pictures on the blackboard. Usually, seventhgraders

homework assignments. are not quite ready for an honor system although

All of this is pretty disturbing. Nobody "takes an exceptional teacher may succeed in setting one up

care of him"as his teachers did in grammar school. with a particular class.

He has a home room but that is mostly for reading School officials have planned that this sudden shift bulletins and coordinating school administration. He to junior high should occur during the ebbtide period

is told about the Boy's Adviser but who wants advice? of age 12 because it catches the average boy in one

He wants to belong to somebody. One boy who was of his better moods. A 12year-old is usually charasked how he liked junior high quickly replied, "It's acterized by positive enthusiasm and will try to relike living in a jungle!"spond. If it were the following year, we might have

What he really wanted to say was simply that, for something else again. This brings us to age 13.

the first time in his life he felt the need to somehow survive. Always there seemed to be somebody out to Portrait of a 13Year-Old

"get"him—the bigger kids, the new, demanding By the time a boy reaches 13, his adolescence is

teachers, his ambitious parents, even a couple of well on the way. Physically, emotionally, and intelgirls. He could feel the cross fire coming from all lectually, he feels he has troubles. He becomes very

sides. reflective and introverted. He has impulsive temper

All of this produces a rather universal pattern outbursts with occasional manifestations of actual or among seventh graders. They try to find a favorite threatened use of physical violence. His 12year-old

teacher to replace "Miss Jones"from grammar school enthusiasm for life is replaced by a concentrated days. She will usually be one who is "a good sport"scrutiny of life. He tends to be on guard. He stumand has a class "where we get action."She is usually bles over words, trying to find precisely the right one.

a disciplinarian by motivation ninety percent of the He hesitates to take action until he feels certain he is

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

right. He is less of a gambler than last year, more Girls

of a student this year. To a 13year-old, girls are very. real but faraway.

A 13year-old is capable of doing well in school, They are "out there"somewhere. A boy at this age

but the setting has to be right. His new insights call is beginning to preen and primp to impress the girls

for expansive challenges and if he does not find them but too much sudden attention from a girl will spin in school he will wander away looking for them. He him like a whirlygig. He wants girls to be coy and

likes "hash sessions"when he can think things illusive—so he can pursue them from a safe distance.

through. He hates to be called on to recite in class Some schools have experimented with solo dating

but will quickly take up a challenge during an inat this age and found it to be an administrative formal discussion. He likes to doubt, ponder, and blunder. A 13year-old does not want to be pushed

decide for himself. Actually he is struggling for into dating. He wants to attend boygirl parties but

physical and intellectual independence. Nevertheless, have enough boys around to feel safe. Girls are still

he is afraid to cut loose completely. creatures rather than companions. He will come out

This last combination confuses parents. A 13year- of his shell any time for a kissing game but usually

old resists an intimate warm relationship with his moans boisterously if he gets "caught"and acts as parents but criticizes them for not giving him more though he hated to go through the routine. Secretly,

attention. He is often with the family but not part however, he feels kissing is OK when he has to do it

of it. He snaps at brothers and sisters between as part of a game.

6 and 12, but will often show affection for younger ones. He may be sitting with the family watching Rejected or Overprotected?

TV and get up in the middle of a program to Two types of boys often get into trouble during wander off by himself. He seems to be thinking of early adolescence. One is rejected, the other is overfaraway things. This quality will be particularly protected. The rejected boy is the one who constantly

apparent in an unsettled or unstable home. A 13comes home to a barrage of complaints:

yearold feels whirling tornadoes inside of him when "Shut the door!"

his parents quarrel. He tries to escape the misery "Pipe down!"

of it with daydreams. He also carries his home "Don't track in that mud!"

problems with him to school and sits through his "What? Those shoes worn out already?"

classes in a state of glassyeyed hypnosis. "Turn down the radio!"

A 13year-old will begin to show some discrimina- "Who's asking you?"

tion in choosing friends. Some of the "gang"appeal "Don't you do nothing besides watch TV?"

is disappearing. Unless there are exceptional youth "You're the laziest kid on the block."

leaders in the community his parents may have diffi- "Don't bring that Jones brat around here again."

culty keeping him active in a boys'club or scouting, "You look like a tramp!"

although 4-H club work may hold his interest through "Can't you sit up straight at the table?"

some of its projectsHe may also join some club at A boy can tell when he's in the way and a nuisance school specializing in radio, photography, or model to his parents—especially around age 13. This is the

planes. He likes to go off with a favorite pal to have beginning of the runaway period. Thousands of boys

long talks or work on some project behind locked leave home each year because they feel unwanted.

doors. He is in the process of building his own brave Even if a rejected boy does not run away physically

world. he may abandon his (Continued on page 990)

CHRISTMAS PRAYER

by Glenna C. Rogers, age 14

Oh, Lord to you I pray this day Leave no one waiting in the cold.

For Peace, not just to come but stay, Now last, oh, Lord, I pray for me:

For Love, to rule the whole world through. Let good deeds with me always be,

Let all men have kind deeds to do; Keep selfishness out of my heart;

Let Hate, I pray, now leave the earth Let kindness now from me impart.

And friendships new be given birth. Oh yes, dear Lord, I pray this day

Let hearts of stone be turned to gold. Guide the world in thy sweet way.

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA William J. Critchlow, Jr.

Assistant to the Twelve

Up through the ranks of the Church—up through In civic activities, too, he has given of his strength.

the thorough training that only Church activity Currently he is a member of the board of trustees brings—has come Elder William James Critchlow, Jr., of the LDS Dee Hospital in Ogden, Vice President,

one of the Assistants to the Council of the Twelve Weber County Watershed Protection Association, who was called at the October conference. VicePresident, Ogden Retail Credit Association, and

Elder Critchlow is a native of Ogden, Utah, hav- a member of the Ogden Chamber of Commerce. He

ing been born August 21, 1892, a son of William has also held offices in the Red Cross, Past President

J. and Anna Gregerson Critchlow. He received his of Ogden Lion's Club, and the Ogden Gateway

education in the public schools of Ogden, and was Council of the Bov Scouts of America.

graduated from Weber Academy in 1911. He later He and Mrs. Critchlow are the parents of three

did some extension work at the University of Utah. children. They have eight grandchildren.

He married Anna Marie Taylor of Ogden, in the Salt Elder Critchlow has said that he gave up his hobbies

Lake Temple, August 20, 1924. of fishing and golf, long ago, in favor of Church

He served in the superintendency of the YMMIA, activities. Through the years, however, he has found

Ogden First Ward, Weber Stake from about 1912 joy in gardening. Of course he now turns his interest

to 1917; and as an assistant in the Sunday School to a larger garden—the full vineyard of the Lordsuperintendency of the Ogden Eleventh Ward, Weber as he is called to assist the Council of the Twelve in

Stake from about 1920 to 1925, becoming superinthe work for the whole Church here upon the earth.

tendent of that Sunday School in 1926 and serving until 1929. In 192930 he served as YMMIA superintendent of the Ogden 14th Ward, Mt. Ogden Stake.

From 193235 he was second assistant superintendent of the stake YMMIA in the Mt. Ogden Stake. In 1935

he served as a member of the stake high council, and then was second counselor and later first counselor in the Mt. Ogden Stake presidency.

On December 7, 1941, South Ogden Stake was organized and he was called and sustained as the president of that stake. Here he has served since

that time, a whole generation of young folk now approaching maturity have known no one but President

Critchlow as their stake leader. -*.....

Elder Critchlow began in 1912 as a meter reader for the Utah Light and Railway Company. He was

made chief clerk of the successor company, Utah

Light and Traction Co., in 1916, and in 1920 began

a tenyear period as credit manager of the utility's

Ogden division, now Utah Power and Light Co.

From 1930 to 1952 he was their sales manager. Since

then he has been manager of the business development department of the firm in Ogden.

DECEMBER 1958 911 The Presiding

Bishopric 9s

Page

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMORIAL

MONUMENT DEDICATED OCTOBER 10, 1958

President David O. McKay dedicated the Aaronic

Priesthood Memorial Monument on Temple Square in Salt Lake City, Utah, October 10, 1958. His soulstirring prayer, spoken in the language and spirit of

a prophet of God, will enrich the colorful history of the Aaronic Priesthood for all time.

In addition to the dedicatory prayer at the monument, overflow crowds in the Tabernacle, Assembly

Hall, and on Temple Square listened to President

McKay and his counselors, President Stephen L Richards and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., in addresses

which moved every heart to a greater appreciation of the priesthood and its functions both here and hereafter.

The impressive program was conducted by Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin with the assistance

of his counselors Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson and

Bishop Carl W. Buehner. All three members of the

Presiding Bishopric addressed the gathering, giving timely and inspired messages as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood in all the world.

Lee A. Palmer was in charge of all program details

including the special lighting of the Tabernacle organ Foxley assisted as accompanist in rehearsing with the and the grounds surrounding the monument. Ogden and Provo units before the combined rehearsals

Of special interest was a chorus of six hundred in the Tabernacle.

young men made up entirely from the ranks of the Neil Dee Bullock, a priest, was soloist in the

Aaronic Priesthood from sixty stakes in the Ogden, "Priesthood of God"sung by the chorus.

Provo, and Salt Lake areas. Special music for the Bruce Barlow, Randall Garrett, Terry Richardson,

changed voices of chorus members was written by and Lawrence White, deacons, sang a double duet

N. Lorenzo Mitchell who also conducted the great "On Lovely Susquehanna's Banks."

chorus. Frank W. Asper, Tabernacle organist, acRobert Naylor, Vance Smith, and Terry Boulter

companied the chorus on the organ. William M. were featured in a trumpet fanfare and obligato

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA while the chorus sang "The Spirit of God Like a Fire Aaronic Priesthood and reading the inscription which is Burning."gives to the world the inspired words of the resurSeventy-five priests and their leaders from the rected John the Baptist as he ordained Joseph and

Canyon Rim Stake performed an outstanding service Oliver May 15, 1829. The monument represents one

as ushers throughout the entire evening. of the truly great events ever to take place in the

Prayers of invocation and benediction were offered history of man.

by Bishop Rheim M. Jones, Idaho Falls Twentieth

Ward, Idaho Falls Stake, and Bishop Don C. Campbell, Ogden Fortyeighth Ward, Ben Lomond Stake, YOUR BOOK OF LIFE

respectively.

The memorial includes three heroicsize figures repPrepared as a supplement to the Ward resenting the resurrected John the Baptist conferring Teachers Message for January 1959 the Aaronic Priesthood and its keys on Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery May 15, 1829. On the base of There is a feeling of accountability in all of us.

the monument is a bronze plaque containing the Somehow we seem to know that sooner or later, in words of the Baptist as he performed the holy ordinaone way or another, we shall have to account for our tion. Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery are shown actions, either here or hereafter, or both.

kneeling before the last lineal descendant of Aaron It is good to remember that when we apathetically to hold the keys of the Lesser Priesthood in the stroll along life's unmarked trails, we hazard thai

Meridian of Time. forgetfulness which may beguile us away from the

The monument was erected at a cost of $35,000. fundamental truth that "the dead, small and great,

The entire amount came from the voluntary contribu- [shall] stand before God"where "the book of life"tions of more than 60,000 bearers of the Aaronic shall be opened and where all shall be judged every

Priesthood making it unnecessary to appropriate any man "according to their works."(Rev. 20:12.)

money from the general funds of the Church. No one shall pass by the scales of divine justice

Dr. Avard Fairbanks, consultant in fine arts at the without first being weighed in the balance.

University of Utah, was the sculptor in the creation One of the greatest gifts of God to man is the of the inspiring memorial. privilege to effect improvement in "the book of life"

The largest crowd of bearers of the Aaronic Priestthrough repentance from sin. One of the strongest

hood ever assembled in one place were on hand toevidences of God's love is his willingness to forgive gether with thousands of their fathers and leaders. our trespasses if we truly repent of our sins and do

It is estimated that approximately 10,000 Aaronic them no more.

Priesthood members and 5,000 fathers and leaders Wisdom suggests better living of the whole gospel were in the Tabernacle, Assembly Hall, and on the law so that each succeeding day may end with more grounds for the sacred rites of dedication. of the good and less of the ugliness of sin to be reSince the Aaronic Priesthood was restored more corded in "the book of life."

than 129 years ago, tens of thousands have functioned in the Church under its divine commission. As of

January 1, 1958, there were, in the wards and stakes priests, teachers, 46,62559,121 deacons, 52,083 or a SNOW SLACKtotal of missions, In the 157,829. there were 7,778

priests, 7,002 teachers, 13,556 deacons for a total of by Lucile Coleman 28,336, making a grand total of 186,165 male members of the Church who hold the Aaronic Priesthood. The snow gives depth to frame the zero

Those who made financial contributions and those ahwho contributed their leadership have made this While memory greens all branches flauntbeautiful memorial a reality. They will enjoy a lifeing bare;

time of pride in whatever they did to place this disAnd hope lends tightropes for the heart which fears tinguished memorial on Temple Square. Quick resignation. From its sudden tears

The monument will be a great missionary factor Now momentarily the breath of winter beyond calculation. Tourists will pause in uncounted is frozen.

thousands, through the years, to contemplate the truth We pause to ponder on some path we've of the event now memorialized in ageless bronze. chosen, And in each silent quandary of despair

Many souls may ultimately be turned toward the Some unexpected answer greets our truth by looking upon this great representation of the prayer.

DECEMBER 1958 913 r/#. #. t **

v\ \

General Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 128th SemiAnnual General Conference,

October 10, 11, and 12, 1958.

THE MISSION sizespirationthat ofwiththe Lordyour inhelpthe andfew remarksthe inshouldest(John 17:11,keep15.) them from the evil."

I that makeOF LAY MEMBERS is It a wonderful on this occasion.influence—to see dentA numberupon ofbeingyearshonorablyago, a stakereleasedpresithis vast audience, to realize that the from his position in which he had served

President David O. McKay Assembly Hall and Barratt Hall are well, made the remark: "Now I am

also crowded, and that tens of thousands reduced to just a humble member."

are listening in by television and radio Because he had been released, he felt this morning. that he had lost something. Well, he

My brethren and sisters, please believe Jesus, in a wonderful prayer—I think had. He had lost the privilege of servme that never before have I felt so it must have been the most impressive ing the members of his stake as presikeenly the need of your sympathetic ever offered in this world—said these dent, for to be a stake president, or to

cooperation, and particularly the guidwords: hold any other position in the Church,

ance of the Spirit of the Lord. I have in "And now I am no more in the world, is an honor as well as a great responsimind and in my heart the feeling that but these [referring to the members of bility. But to be a lay member is also a

the religious influence, sincere religious the Twelve who knelt with him] are great obligation as well as a great opinfluence in the heart, or the life of the in the world, and I come to thee. Holy portunity.

individual, is the most refining influFather, keep through thine own name Membership is obtained by baptism, ence in the world. That spirit has those whom thou hast given me, that which is at once a burial and a birth—

actuated each one, I am sure, who has they may be one, as we are.... a burial of the old person, with all his

spoken to us in previous sessions of this "I pray not that thou shouldest take frailties, faults, and sins, if any, and a conference, and I should like to emphathem out of the world, but that thou coming forth to walk in a newness of

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life. Backbiting, faultfinding, slander, hood and womanhood of today. It is pure heart."(II Timothy 2:22.) Zion

profanity, uncontrolled temper, avarice, these unseen influences which come is the pure in heart, we have been told, jealousy, hatred, intemperance, fornicafrom the world that influence us when and the strength of this Church lies in tion, lying, cheating, are all buried. we are least prepared to defend ourthe purity of the thoughts and lives of

That is part of what baptism by immerselves. When we do not withstand the its workers. Then the testimony of

sion signifies. "Except a man be born encroachments of these evil influences, Jesus abides in the soul, and strength

again, he cannot see the kingdom of we weaken the possibility of defending comes to each individual to withstand

God,"(Ibid., 3:3) said Jesus to Nicothe Church of Jesus Christ. This is an the evils of the world.

demus. He comes forth to walk in a individual work. What the individuals Temptations come in our social gathnewness of life, signifying that in the are, that the aggregate is. Jesus influenced erings. They come to us at our wednew life ahead there will be an effort individuals, knowing that if the indidings. They come to us in our politics.

to maintain honesty, loyalty, chastity, vidual is pure, strong, a thousand They come to us in our business relabenevolence, and of doing good to all individuals would make a strong comtions, on the farm, in the mercantile men. munity, and a thousand communities establishments, in our dealings in all

Wordsworth once said of Milton: would make a strong nation. Individual affairs of life. In our home associations,

"Thy soul was like a star and dwelt responsibility! we find these insidious influences workapart."That is what membership in Some time ago, a party of friends were ing, and it is when they manifest themthe Church does to those who keep the driving over a beautiful valley not far selves in the consciousness of each inideals they profess. from Salt Lake City. They passed a dividual that the defense of truth

James said that, "Pure religion and wheat field. It was an impressive sight should exert itself.

undefiled before God and the Father is to see that dry farm of wheat, and one There may never come a great opporthis, To visit the fatherless and widows of the party expressed his admiration tunity to defend the Church. We sing:

in their affliction, and to keep himself at the luxuriant growth in the field, unspotted from the world."(James and looked at it in general. There it "It may not be

1:27.) stood, apart from the sagebrush and On the mountain height,

It is in this sense of keeping ourselves barren surroundings. But another memOr over the stormy sea;

"unspotted"from the world that the ber of the party was not satisfied with It may not be at the battle's front lay members, as all officers, are oblilooking at it in the aggregate. He asked My Lord will have need of me;

gated. the conveyance to stop. Getting out, But if, by a still, small voice he calls

Speaking of the apostles, Jesus prayed, he looked at the individual heads of To paths that I do not know, "... these are in the world,... wheat, and exclaimed: "What large I'll answer, dear Lord, with my hand

"I pray not that thou shouldest take heads!"He cut an individual stalk in thine:

them out of the world, but that thou which gave him that impression. But I'll go where you want me to go."

shouldest keep them from the evil."that was not enough. He broke the

(John 17:11, 15.) head, shuffled it in his hands, blew the When that still, small voice calls us

In the Book of Mormon, in the fortychaff away, and examined each kernel. to the performance of duty, insignificant

second chapter of Alma, we are told "The kernels,"continued he, "are though it may seem, and its performwhy the children of God are here in plump and solid."After all, the test ance unknown to anyone save the inthe world—namely, to mingle with the of that wheat field was the individual dividual and God, he who responds

sons of men, to gain an experience that kernel of wheat, and so it is in a comgains corresponding strength. Temptawill bring them back to God, but not munity—so it is in the Church. tion often comes in the same quiet way.

to partake of the sins of the world. The The test of the efficiency of God's Perhaps yielding to it may not be

Savior said to his apostles on the same people, is an individual one. known by anyone save the individual

evening that he offered that beautiful "What is each one doing,"one should and his God, but if he does yield to it, prayer: "... be of good cheer; I have ask, "to foster the group known as the he becomes to that extend weakened

overcome the world."(John 16:33.) Church of Christ in the world? Is he and spotted with the evil of the world.

Going soon to meet his Father, he adliving so that he is keeping unspotted Let me cite an instance: A young

monished them to follow his example, from the evils of the world?"God wants missionary was invited to a wedding in

praying that God should not take them us here. His plan of redemption, so a foreign country, at which two of his

out of the world, but should keep them far as we are concerned, is here, and we, acquaintances were joined together in from evil. my fellow workers in the Church of bonds of matrimony, the ceremony be-

I have never met a member of the Christ, are carrying the responsibility ing performed by a minister of another

Church who would not express himself, of testifying to the world that God's church. This young man was the only

and, if occasion arose, who did not so truth has been revealed; that men and member of the Mormon Church presexpress himself as being willing to dewomen can live in this world, free and ent amidst the one hundred or more

fend his membership if this Church uncontaminated from the sins thereof, guests at the table in the hotel. By each

were attacked. I have seen boys apparfollowing as nearly as humanly possible, plate was a wine cup, filled to the brim,

ently indifferent to Church interest Jesus as he walked about two and a and also a glass of water. After the

on occasions stand out and express dehalf years in his day. ceremony, as the guests were all in their

fiance of an attack upon the Church. Now, what do we mean by the places, the minister arose and said:

All very commendable, but perhaps at world? I take it that the world refers "Now I propose that the company drink

the very moment of that gallant defense to the inhabitants who are alienated to the health of the newly married there were encroachments upon their from the Saints of God. They are couple."They all arose. Now prosouls which weakened their power to aliens to the Church, and it is the priety suggested that this young man

defend the truth. Trees that can stand spirit of this alienation from which we take up the wine in his wine cup. But

in the midst of the hurricane often yield should keep ourselves free. We are told he was a missionary. He belonged to a

to the destroying pests that can scarcely by Paul not to conform to the fashions Church that preaches a Word of Wisbe seen with the microscope, and the of the world. Timothy was warned not dom. Science since has proved it to be

greatest foes of humanity today are those to partake of the evils of the world. indeed a Word of Wisdom. He was

unseen microscopic microbes that attack One or two I quote: preaching that, and he was pretending

the body. "Flee also youthful lusts: but follow to live it. Here was a time when he

So there are influences at work in sorighteousness, faith, charity, peace, with could indulge. No one would know

ciety which are undermining the manthem that call on the Lord out of a indeed, it seemed to be the act of proDECEMBER 1958 915 before. They realize that they have have that light hidden under a bushel,

taken upon themselves the name of but it should be set up on a hill that

Christ, and covenant to walk in acall men may be guided thereby.

cordance with the ideals of his gospel. Here is a good example of how a lay

During Sunday School and Sacrament member may preach by example:

meetings they are permitted to make a Over a hundred years ago a man in covenant, as does every lay member. his early forties who had already won

In the presence of his fellow members distinction as a great writer heard of a of the Church, he covenants before God company of Mormons who would be that he is willing to take upon him the sailing from the docks in London on a name of the Son, always to remember certain day in June 1861. In charge

him and keep his commandments which of those Mormons was Elder George Q.

he has given him, and by so doing to Cannon. It was an emigrant ship. This

always have the Spirit of the Lord to great writer, Charles Dickens, was then, be with him. That is true religion. writing what afterwards became known

What a covenant for every lay memas The Uncommercial Traveller. He

ber! Is he virtuous in thought and actook his pad and paper, walked down

tion? Is he dealing honestly with his to the docks. You who have read this

neighbor in the horse and cattle trade, book will remember how he describes in the purchase of property, in any those docks and the various characters business transaction? If he believes in around them. He got permission from

the covenants he has made, if he is true the captain to go aboard the vessel priety, but he resisted. Now was the to the covenants he has made, if he which had been chartered to carry eight

opportunity to defend his Church, and believes in the efficacy of the Church to hundred Mormons across the sea on that is what he did..He took the glass which he belongs, he has obligated their journey to Great Salt Lake.

of water. Some of his immediate himself to do these things. If called He recognized the passengers as some

friends by him, dropping their wine to a prominent position, it is his duty coming from Wales, some from Scotcups, followed his example, and at least to be true, and he is more obligated land, some from Yorkshire, and others half a dozen wine glasses remained unthan ever to set an example to others. from near London. He listened to the

it, called,touched. Others his inspector and the cirhowever, saw but may not be He Jobnames—Jesse

excellent in furnished of opancumstance membership of son, Sophronia Jesus the Church members call theirJobson—lay

portunity to converse with those guests Christ obligates him to these high ideals. the Church. Next group: Susanna

upon the Word of Wisdom. Only in that way can religion become Cleverly, William Cleverly, etc.—layNow, was he humiliated? No. He the most influential and potent power man after layman passed on board the

was strengthened. Were the guests emin life. vessel. Dickens went down to the lower

barrassed? No. Did they feel to conIt is generally understood that every deck and then he came up on the higher

demn him? No. Condemnation was member of the Church should be a deck to investigate. He studied each

replaced by admiration, as it always is missionary. He is probably not authorgroup and each individual carefully.

in the hearts of intelligent and Godized to go from house to house, but he Among other things he said:

fearing men and women. is authorized, by virtue of his member- "Nobody is in an ill temper. Nobody

Converts to the truth walk out of the ship, to set a proper example as a good is the worse for drink. Nobody swears

waters of baptism with a glow upon neighbor. Neighbors are watching him. an oath or uses a coarse word. Nobody

their countenances, especially after conNeighbors are watching his children. appears depressed. Nobody is weeping,

firmation which they have never had He is a light, and it is his duty not to and down upon the deck in every cor-

"HUNGER FOR myI amremarkstakinginthelargelibertymeasureof addressingto our quoted)mind,""positive"the goodthinking,"life,""peaceand "sucof

RELIGION"friends who compliment us by listening cessful"or "confident living."What the

to the conference over radio and teleauthor objects to most strenuously is

Stephen L Richards vision.I give withThefrankness,message Ihopinghave thatfor themthey notbe issuedso muchfor thethatoptimismpropagandaof "peaceshouldof

of the First Presidency will not misconstrue my frankness for mind"and "positive thinking,"but that disrespect of them and their beliefs. this psychological optimism should be

Only by being outspoken can I hope held out in any form as an interpretaMy dear brethren and sisters and to make any contribution. tion of or a substitute for the real Chrisfriends: I join in the welcome and Some time ago a member of my famtian religion.

greeting extended to you by President ily sent to me a critical article written He expresses deep concern in the

McKay. I respond humbly to the asby Mr. Edmund Fuller in a publication situation, not so much because such

signment to speak to you in the opening called Saturday Review. The criticism propagandists are taking from an unof our conference with unusual anxiety of the writer is directed against the efinformed and unthinking public milin the thought that many may expect fort made to satisfy what the author lions of dollars from the sale of their

the usual inspirational opening address designates as "general religious hunger,"books and services, but that the uninby the President. I counsel those who with books, articles, and public appearformed victims of the propaganda are

are disappointed to be patient, because ances of nationally advertised indilosing something far more important they will be amply rewarded in a later viduals, carrying on a propaganda for than their money—an intelligent and

session. what is characterized as (these are true concept of religion and Christianity.

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ner where it is possible to find a few compelled to say: "Some remarkable were built over their bones, in praise

square feet to kneel, crouch, or lie in, influence had produced a remarkable of a Christ they would have rejected.

people in every unsuitable attitude for result in the lives of these English And yet, by the light of their inspirawriting letters, are writing letters."people, which better known influences tion, many of the world's loveliest things

Then he says: "Now I have seen emihave often missed."were created, and many of the world's

grant ships before this day in June, In other words, some influence had finest minds inspired.

and these people are so strikingly difchanged men's lives and made women "If twelve men did that nineteen ferent from all other people I have seen and children better than they had ever hundred years ago, what might not in like circumstances whom I have ever been before. That is the mission of twelve men do today? For God has

seen that I wonder aloud, 'What would the gospel of Jesus Christ—to make now given us the power of whispering

a stranger suppose these emigrants to evilminded men and women good, and across space, of transmitting our be?'"Then he adds: "What is in to make good men and women better; thoughts from one end of the earth to

store for the poor people on the shores in other words, to change men's lives, another. What shall we whisper

of the Great Salt Lake? What happy to change human nature. what shall we think? That is the

delusions they are laboring under now. Beverley Nichols (and I repeat what question!"

On what miserable blindness their eyes I have said before), author of The Fool To be just a lay member of the may be opened then, I do not pretend Hath Said, writes impressively on Church means that every man is a to say. But I went on board their ship changing of human nature: "You can Christian gentleman, that every husto bear testimony against them if they change human nature. No man who band is true to the ideals of chastity,

deserved it, as I fully believed they has felt in him the Spirit of Christ, that every young boy and every young would. To my great astonishment, they even for half a minute, can deny this girl refrains from indulgence in tobacco,

did not deserve it; and my predispositruth, the one great truth in a world of in strong drink, and keeps himself or

tions and tendencies must not affect me little lies. You do change human naherself free from the sins of the world.

as an honest witness. I went over the ture, your own human nature, if you That is what Mormonism means in daily

Amazon's side feeling it impossible to surrender it to him. To deny this is life. If you are called upon to render

deny that so far some remarkable influonly to proclaim yourself as an unservice in any position, render it. If

ence had produced a remarkable result, educated fool. yo.u are released, you will accept your

which better known influences have "Human nature can be changed, here release, always remembering that the often missed."and now. Church is established for your benefit,

My dear fellow workers, lay members "Human nature has been changed, and the benefit and happiness of your of the Church of Jesus Christ, what in the past. children and your children's children.

would have happened to this one hun- "Human nature must be changed, on If you will live in accordance with those dredyear-old testimony by a worldan enormous scale, in the future, unless humble principles under the covenants renowned author if those members of the world is to be drowned in its own you made at the water's edge, and since the Church, Brother Jobson, Sister Jobblood. that time in Sacrament meetings, and

son, and those other humble people "And only Christ can change it.... many of you in the House of God, you

from Wales, had not observed the prin- "Twelve men did quite a lot to change will fill a noble mission, and God will ciples of good conduct in the Church? the world nineteen hundred years ago. reward you.

What would have happened if they had Twelve simple men, with only the wind May every member of the Church taken the Lord's name in vain? If they to bear them over the seas, with only a experience this transformation in this

had taken an oath? If Charles Dickens few pence in their pockets, and a shining life, and so live that others, seeing his

had seen them quarreling? Instead, faith in their hearts! They fell far good deeds, may be led to glorify our

not an oath did he hear. He saw no short of their ideal; their words were Father in heaven, I humbly pray in the

quarreling, heard no bickering. He was twisted and mocked; and false temples name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Mr. Fuller, the critic, asks, "Where, standing of the vital concepts of true position that every individual, adein all the morass of false witness, religion. quately to exercise his free agency and

whether in quests for successful living Not infrequently do we see and hear power of choice, should have and must or in saccharine sentimentality—where the statement published that what the have, wherever and whenever circumare the great, historic central themes, world needs is to come to Christ, and stances will permit, the truth about the

subjects, words of Christianity through that only Christ can save the world. Christian religion presented to him.

the ages? Where are considerations of We subscribe, of course, to these stateWe feel that he cannot be ultimately

the Trinity, incarnation, covenant, ments, but we question with ample bound in the sight of God by the choice atonement, redemption, salvation, sin, justification the interpretation of the he makes unless he does have such opoffering, judgment, worship, sacrament, Christ and his teachings which has portunity. We agree with the critic,

sacrifice, communion, and the idea of been brought to the world these many Mr. Fuller, that it is an intolerable

the Holy?"years. I believe we are justified in imposition upon the unsuspecting and

In general, I find myself in agreeascribing many of these attempts to uninformed to offer to them what he ment with this criticism. I think, find substitute for the real Christian calls "ersatz foods"to satisfy their rehowever, that Mr. Fuller himself is faith, and the failure of that faith to ligious hunger, but we go further. We

only partially informed with reference find true lodgment in the hearts of believe it is likewise an imposition to to the true Christian religion, and I innumerable people, to this inadequate foist upon the uninformed an incorrect think, too, that the trends which he interpretation. and unwarranted interpretation of

analyzes and criticizes have come about We criticize no honest soul in choosChrist and his gospel, and we believe and are in part tolerated by people of ing his religion and living by it, but that generation after generation over the world because of inadequate underwhen the truth is available, we take the centuries of time have been held in

DECEMBER 1958 917 A revelation has come the true interpretament. It is heavy, weighted with a

and both institutional mission, his Christ, and his responsibility of the - tion u k tilM", not personal, not exceeded, and I think all nations 'mt1* embraced All gospel. men of

hi l within the family of the Eternal Father equaled, by responsibilities borne by n&***-i 3 * 5 *f s H \\ l l H are entitled by his decree to receive the any other people or cause. All of us

light and to receive an understanding within the restored Church of our Lord of the true, revealed order of the kingtake this responsibility most seriously.

dom of God. The Church of Jesus The assumption of responsibility of

Christ of Latterday Saints, established membership in the Church often brings under the direction of the Father and a radical change in living, behavior, the Son, is the custodian of the revealed and philosophy. The obligation felt

principles of the restored gospel and the by the membership to consecrate and authority to administer its ordinances dedicate themselves to the disseminaunder divine commission. I am aware tion of what the revelations call "pure

that by many this will be regarded as knowledge"among the inhabitants of an extreme and presumptuous statethe world becomes an obsession, not ment. We make it only because we are fanatical, but practical. In the concept

constrained by the revelations so to do. of each member is the recognition of a

I assure you it would be much easier debt—a debt to be paid not so much

to attempt to win a reputation for tolto the donor of the gift he has received, darkness and denied the saving truths erance by modifying and ameliorating but a repayment in terms of conscious of the gospel because of such misinour position. If we did so, we and our effort to give to others the light and

terpretations. Indeed, we ascribe the message would be of little value to our truth which someone has brought to

present condition of the world and the brothers and sisters in the world, and him.

limited acceptance of the true Christian we should be untrue to our commission. Many people have asked: "What is

faith largely to ignorance of the true Revelation is the foundation of our the sustaining philosophy behind your gospel. faith. We are not ashamed to declare marvelous missionary system?"Well,

How much of tolerance should be that the Lord has spoken through his I have just stated it. It is the recogniallowed for the mistakes in interpretaservants in modern times as he did in tion of a noble obligation and purpose

tion and practices of the past, as perdays of old. Why should men find so to extend the knowledge of truth, born

taining to the followers of Christ, we much difficulty in accepting revelation? out of gratitude for blessings received.

are not prepared to say. The Lord will I assume that it is because it seems to This condition creates zest and enjudge, and his judgment will be rightthem unnatural that messages should thusiasm for missionary work, and what

eous and merciful. We are constrained come from the unseen world, but certo many is a very strange feature of it,

to deplore the results of these misintainly it is no more unnatural in the is that the enthusiasm is not evanescent.

terpretations. The revelations predict present day than in the past, and few It does not die periodically and then

the outcome which has literally come would deny the need of God's guidance have to be revived. It persists. And

to pass. Isaiah foresaw both the condiin the world of today. why? First, I think, because of the abtions and results. You will recall this I think that the Apostle Paul was insolute unquestioning conviction in the

impressive and portentous statement: spired to foresee the conditions of the cause. And secondly, because of the love

"... Forasmuch as this people draw world when he gave his famous definiof humanity engendered by the gospel,

near me with their mouth, and with tion of the gospel: "For I am not that all are in reality of the family

their lips do honour me, but have reashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it of God, and that such parentage makes

moved their heart far from me, and is the power of God unto salvation to all men brothers.

their fear toward me is taught by the everyone that believeth;..."(Romans I wish I had some way of making all

precept of men: 1:16.) He must have foreseen that friends who listen appreciate the depth

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed to men, lacking in faith, would be ashamed of conviction that actuates the members do a marvellous work among this peoof the gospel of Christ, and particularly of the Church in carrying forth its great ple, even a marvellous work and a wonrevelation, the seemingly unnatural work in the world. Perhaps it is a little

der:..."(Isaiah 29:1314.) process by which the Lord communiindelicate to cite a personal experience

This great statement is corroborated cates with man. in the effort to give my friends underby the Savior in Matthew 15:8-9, and Now, we assert that there is no true standing on this point. I hope, howby revelations and prophecies of modreligion without revelation. Men may ever, you will tolerate the recital of my

ern times. In March of 1831, less than contrive all sorts of societies, associaexperience.

a year after the organization of the tions, and establishments, but men of More than fifty years ago I began the

Church, the Prophet Joseph Smith rethemselves cannot create the gospel of practice of law with a deep love for the ceived from the Lord a comforting and Christ and the kingdom of God. That profession, and a longcherished ambiencouraging assurance confirmatory of is a divine function limited to divine tion to succeed. I went through what

the predictions which had been made power only. is commonly called the starvation pericenturies before, which reads as follows: I submit this conclusion in humility od, and after thirteen years achieved

"And when the times of the Gentiles to my friends, hoping and praying that some modest success, at least sufficient is come in, a light shall break forth they may recognize the logic and truth to encourage me and build up my hopes among them that sit in darkness, and of it, and muster sufficient faith to acfor the future.

it shall be the fulness of my gospel."cept revelation as the basis for all true One day while sitting in my office

(D & C 45:28.) religion and the interpretation of the I received a telephone call. I was adThat light, my brethren and sisters gospel. I assure all my friends who lisvised that the President of the Church

and friends, has come to the world. It ten that this custody of the truth and wished to see me immediately. I went

is the light of revelation, and through divine commission is not a light assignas requested to a meeting in the temple,

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA where the President of the Church, his sincerity and conviction, on the part of he has described. He will return as he

Counselors, and the Council of the the missionary, and an invitation to has promised, and in the meantime he

Twelve Apostles were in attendance. I hear and investigate the message? has left an organization which he eswas told by the President of the Church Now, I wish to extend my remarks to tablished through his commissioned

that I had been selected to become a cover an additional aspect of this subservants, in fulfilment of prophecy, to member of the Quorum of the Twelve ject. I am of the definite opinion that build his kingdom and prepare the way

Apostles, and then asked if I would acthe religious hunger of the people, as for his coming. I hope that they who

cept this position. Obeying my concepts Mr. Fuller puts it, cannot be satisfied profess to love and adore him will not

and convictions regarding the governwith the current interpretation of the make him less than he himself said ment of the Church, I accepted and Christ put forth by many professing that he was—the Son of the Father, on

was ordained to the position. Christianity. All proclaim him a great the right hand of God, Lord, Lawgiver,

Within the space of twenty minutes teacher. Most assert that he is Savior and Judge of all men in the earth, inthe whole course of my life had been of mankind, and all invest him with the vested with powers and authorities everchanged. My professional career and highest and noblest attributes. Altolasting.

ambitions were abandoned, and for more gether too many, however, worship at So, it is the worship of our Lord so than forty years I have devoted myself the shrine of his attributes, but deny interpreted, it is the acceptance of his to the ministry under my call, although the sovereignty of the King. In my revealed and restored gospel, and that

I had had no previous preparation, as humble opinion, what the world so alone, which will adequately and perthe churches of the world give, for this urgently needs is a present realistic conpetually satisfy the "hunger for reundertaking. cept and recognition of the Christ as ligion,"which I sincerely hope pervades

I cite this circumstance merely as an Lord of this earth, as Lawgiver and the world today. Christ has been seen

example of everyday occurrence in the reJudge. If he were recognized as the in modern times. There are creditable

stored Church of Jesus Christ. Of course author and projector of all moral codes witnesses whose testimony has never

apostles are not called every day, but and righteousness, and if it were recogbeen successfully refuted to two such socalled laymen are being called every nized that infraction of his law is sin, I appearances—first, when he appeared

day to serve in positions of trust and am sure there would be less violation to the young prophet, Joseph Smith, in honor. These calls in numerous cases than we see today, and there would be answer to prayer, accompanying his

involve substantial change in occupafar less tolerance for violation, which Father, the Eternal God. This heavenly

tions and professions, and in some inis today undermining the morality of vision, without argument, brought to stances, as in the callings of mission nations. Christ will save the world the world an irrefutable and true conpresidents and missionaries, complete when and only when men and women cept of the Father and the Son. Then

abandonment for a period of years of of the world put themselves in position he appeared to this same prophet with all gainful occupation, and a personal to be saved. It is unthinkable that he an associate when he was more mature

assumption of considerable responsican deviate from the inexorable laws of in a temple which had been erected bility to fulfil the assignment. righteousness, which from the beginning to his name. This is the testimony of

Now, my point is, and I think it ought to the end he has set for mankind. that appearance:

to be clear to our friends, that men do When men sin, there is no substitute "And now, after the many testimonies not do these things without complete for repentance to bring to them a restowhich have been given of him, this is conversion and complete conviction as ration of blessings they have forfeited. the testimony, last of all, which we

to the rightness of their course. I am So any interpretation of the Christ as give of him: That he lives!

aware that many may say that sincerity Lord of the earth which would invest "For we saw him, even on the right of belief is not proof of the truth, and him with capricious and variable judghand of God; and we heard the voice

I am not contending, as the old cliche ment founded on socalled grace and bearing record that he is the Only Behas it, "that fifty million Frenchmen pity is harmful and not true. The true gotten of the Father

can't be wrong."There are, however, gospel is not a spiritual sedative. It is "That by him, and through him,

at least two legitimate and justifiable a challenge to the strength and will of and of him, the worlds are and were deductions that our friends may make mankind to enter into an everlasting created, and the inhabitants thereof from the circumstances I have mencovenant with injunctions and promises, are begotten sons and daughters unto tioned. First, that the unmistakable the observance of which yields the reGod."(D & C'76:2224.)

evidence of conviction in the rightness ward of exaltation in the eternal presEvery fiber of my being responds to of their cause and conduct are excepence. Christ is the author of mercy, that testimony. I am completely contional in a day of materialistic living but he himself said that he came to vinced that the men who bore the testiand purpose, not readily duplicated in fulfil the law and not do away with it, mony told the truth. Every interpretaother causes; and the second point of and he declared that mercy shall not tive sense which I possess tells me

appeal held out to our brothers and rob justice. without doubt or equivocation that Jesus

sisters in the world is that the circum- I am deeply concerned, too, with the Christ, the Son of God, lives as a resurstances warrant investigation. That is tendency to invest the Lord our Savior rected eternal being, and that he is my

all our missionaries the world over are with a mystical character. I am not Lord and my Savior, and the Lord of

visit—investigate,advised to requestdiscoverof the forpeopleyourself.they sureplatedthatby I"mystical."know just whatHe is isnotcontemmysti- allhappiness,men. I peace,could wishand satisfactionfor no greaterto

Use your own Bibles. Diminish none cal to me, nor to the great body of his come to all our friends than that they

of your love for God and Christ and followers with which I have the honor should enjoy the blessing, the incomyour fellow men, but study and investito be associated. It is true that he does parable blessing, of this knowledge and

gate the Christian religion with the not move about among us in the form assurance.

light which the restored gospel has in which he once presented himself to May the world come to peace and brought to it. Why should any true humanity, but he is real. He was happiness through the recognition of

searcher for truth have objection to resurrected in the form in which he was the true Christ, I ask humbly in his these two elements—a demonstrated crucified, and he lives in the heavens name. Amen.

DECEMBER 1958 919 tain, faithful, desiring to know the will all pray alike. We do not all pray to

of the Lord had in mind those great the same God. We do not all underverses from James: stand to whom we address our prayers

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him in the same way. But the commonest

ask of God, that giveth to all men libinstinct of all humanity is to pray to a erally, and upbraideth not; and it shall superior Being, some Being somewhere,

be given him. of some kind, who knows more than we

"But let him ask in faith, nothing know and who has the power to change wavering. For he that wavereth is like events to suit our prayers if he so de-

a wave of the sea driven with the wind sires.

and tossed. I take it that none of us under those

"For let not that man think that he circumstances would pray for something shall receive any thing of the Lord."that was unwholesome or would pray

(James 1:5-7.) for something that the Lord would not

The Prophet Joseph went into the approve that we should have. We do

woods in his innocent faith and reliance, not pray, should not pray for the bad, prayed for light and received in answer the unwholesome things of this earth.

the greatest theophany of which we I recall that when the Savior began temple. the mission he cleansed for He the his the Father have and any record,LET US PRAY

close it at the cleansed likewise told in person to him Son and cameALWAYS him of the work there was for him to his mission, driving out the moneyof do. And from there on, the line of changers, driving out those who bought

for a sacrifice. sold animals He royal line, the and between/. Reuben Clark, Jr. communication, ". have declared,.. ye made it [his Father Heavenly was him and our

of the First Presidency never broken. house] a den of thieves."(Luke 19:46.)

We believe in the doctrine of con- I take it that none of us would wish tinuous revelation. We advocate it to pray for anything that would bring

boldly and with rightful pride, boast us within that classification. We norMy brothers and sisters: In deep huof it. It is seriously challenged by mally think of it, these incidents, as

mility and I believe a realizing sense, at many, by many great Church organizabeing indications of the violation of the least in a measure, of my own responsitions. But I would like to challenge sanctity of the temple. But I think the

bility, holding the position through your those organizations on their position. rebuke goes below and beyond that.

sustaining vote, I stand before you askIf, as they contend, God no longer inWhere should we pray? Amulek is

ing an interest in your faith and prayers, forms his children, advises them and quoted in Alma as telling us about this.

that the few remarks I may make will counsels them, that being their position, I have a feeling that it should be our be directed by the Spirit of the Lord. then I ask them why they pray. The business never to go anywhere where

I, along with you, am a believer in fact that they pray seems to me to give we cannot ask our Heavenly Father for prayer. Prayer is the royal road bethe falsehood to their opposition. his protection and approval. It is a sad

tween each of us and our Heavenly I would like to say just a word or two thing to consider that sometime we

Father. Whether it remains open or is about prayer. I assume that all of us might be where we could not ask the

closed is for our determination. We are pray because we want what we pray Lord for his help.

a Church, with all that we have refor. I think there is no common deWe might pray, I think usually, perceived in that capacity and all that we, nominator for all the peoples of the haps always, with the admonition which

individually, have received, as the reworld that can equal the desire to pray the Lord gave when he taught the sult of prayer. A boy, troubled, uncerand the resulting prayers. We do not multitude how to pray, the admonition

''SEEK YE to "Andthe churchagain, byconcerningway of commandmentthe manner orGhost.the bestowalAfter weof arethe baptized,gift of theweHolyare

EARNESTLY..."of baptism—All those who humble confirmed. What is that confirmation

themselves before God, and desire to for? To make us companions with the

Joseph Fielding Smith be baptized, and come forth with broken Holy Ghost; to have the privilege of

President of the Council of the Twelve heartsbefore andthe churchcontritethatspirits,theyandhavewitnesstruly theGodhead—companionship,guidance of the third memberthat of ourthe

repented of all their sins, and are willminds might be enlightened, that we

This morning we listened to a woning to take upon them the name of might be quickened by the Holy Spirit derful discourse addressed to friends Jesus Christ, having a determination to seek for knowledge and understandand businessmen, prominent individuals to serve him to the end, and truly maniing concerning all that pertains to our outside of the Church, which I think fest by their works that they have reexaltation in the kingdom of God.

was most timely, but I wish to address ceived of the Spirit of Christ unto the Now in this same revelation from my remarks to the members of the remission of their sins, shall be received which I read, the Lord has also said:

Church, and more especially to those by baptism into his church."(D & C "And we know that justification

who are wayward and indifferent, and 20:37.) through the grace of our Lord and

who do not seem to realize the value Now, baptism into the Church is not Savior Jesus Christ is just and true;

of their membership. I would like to enough to save us. It is for the remis- "And we know also, that sanctification

read to you a covenant which is taken sion of sins, that is true, but there is through the grace of our Lord and by each individual who enters the another baptism which is just as essenSavior Jesus Christ is just and true, to waters of baptism. tial, and that is the baptism of the spirit, all those who love and serve God with

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA being that the Lord knows more of and then speak to his God to heal swer to your prayer will come in the what you need than you know yourNaaman. You will remember when he way in which you desire it.

selves, and then he taught us a very hesitated and was insulted by Elisha's I think in that connection, though short prayer, all embracing, and as I direction, his servants came and said not strictly in point, of the time when recall it, he there uttered a warning that if Elisha had told him to do someElijah fled from the angry Jezebel. He

not to use too many words and pray thing great he would have gone and went to a cave. He was lonesome. He

as the pagans pray. done it, and then, not exactly in these was fleeing for his life, obedient to the

Another thing—the Lord knows, as I words, but, "Why don't you try it?"Lord's command. He lamented his lot

have just indicated, what we need. I He did try and he was healed. greatly to the Lord; he stood forth upon

have a feeling that we should make There are one or two incidents in the the mount, waiting for the Lord. There

praying a habit. I am not speaking of Savior's life to which I would like to came a great wind that rent the rocks,

morning and evening prayers only. I refer. I am thinking of the closing but the Lord was not in the wind.

feel that we should pray whenever we hours of his freedom, a day or two beAfter the wind, an earthquake, but the need prayer, and whenever we need fore the day of the Passover. He had Lord was not in the earthquake. After

the help of our Heavenly Father, and been in the temple, and he prayed to the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was, that is most of our lives. And if we the Lord, saying, or indicating that he not in the fire. Then the Lord came

shall be where we must pray or may wished that this hour about to come in a still, small voice, and Elijah,, pray, always our lives must be in accould pass, and yet said he, "... but wrapping his face in his mantle, came

cordance therewith. for this cause came I unto this hour."to the mouth of the cave and received

I have always been somewhat im- (John 12:27.) the words of the Lord.

pressed with the story of Elijah and the Then he went to Gethsemane. I will The Lord speaks in gentle terms as

prophets of Baal. They built their not take time to relate the details of well as in terms of great catastrophe

altars. They implored their god, the that great occasion. But I urge you to and grief.

priests of Baal did. Elijah said, as the read them and ponder them. Three Brethren and sisters, let us continue

day wore on, "Cry aloud: for he is a times he left Peter, James, and John, to be a praying people. Let us pray,

god; either he is talking, or he is purand went on a little farther and prayed. keeping in mind some of the great

suing, or he is in a journey, or peradThe first time, the second time, and the principles involved therein. Let us go

venture he sleepeth, and must be third time, he came back and found to our Heavenly Father for his advice, awakened."(I Kings 18:27.) I do not them sleeping. "What, could ye not his counsel, his help. He will always

think we ought to give the Lord any watch with me one hour?"But I call answer if we are righteous in our askopportunity to feel that we have foryour attention to each prayer: "Father, ing, and if we are asking for righteous

gotten him or that he is asleep. Let us if thou be willing, remove this cup from things that would be for our good and

pray always, not just in emergencies. me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, benefit.

Another thing—let us not try to tell be done."The great foundation in one way of

the Lord what to do. I will not take Three times he went to the Father, this Church is the doctrine of continutime to narrate that beautiful story of having earlier indicated that he knew ous revelation, continuous revelation to

Naaman, the Syrian general, who came his hour was come. I have never been the individual, to the leaders of the

to have his leprosy cured by Elisha, able to understand that. But I can Church, all, for our good and benefit

who was insulted because Elisha sent understand the central thought of that and for the advancement of his work.word to go and bathe seven times in the prayer—"Nevertheless not my will, but May God give us this spirit of prayer,

Jordan River. Naaman declared that thine, be done."may God give us the power to pray and

the rivers out in Syria were as good as And I urge on you, brothers and may we pray always with that great

Elisha's rivers. He had thought Elisha sisters, that when you pray, let that central thought in mind, "nevertheless

would come out, strike an attitude, central thought always be with you, not my will, but thine, be done."I ask

place his hand over the afflicted part and do not always expect that the anthis in Jesus'name. Amen.

all their mights, minds, and strength. that we may lose it all. The greatest and through their membership in the

"But there is a possibility that man punishment that can come to any indiChurch who will be banished forever may fall from grace and depart from vidual in this world is punishment that from his influence into outer darkness the living God; will come to those who have received to dwell with the devil and his angels.

"Therefore let the church take heed the light and truth of the gospel of That is a punishment that will not come and pray always, lest they fall into Jesus Christ, who have passed through to those who have never known the temptation; the waters of baptism, who have hands truth. Bad as they may suffer, and

"Yea, and even let those who are laid upon their heads for the gift of awful as their punishment may be, they sanctified take heed also."(Ibid., 20:30the Holy Ghost, and then turn away are not among that group which is to

34.) from the truth, for the Lord will not suffer the eternal death and banishBaptism and confirmation into the hold them guiltless. ment from all influence concerning the

Church do not necessarily insure our I think I am safe in saying that no power of God.

exaltation in the kingdom of God. They man can become a Son of Perdition Now, I say I want to talk to those

do, provided we are true and faithful until he has known the light. Those who are indifferent and a little wayto every covenant and obligation rewho have never received the light are ward sometimes, those who do not

quired of us in the commandments of not to become Sons of Perdition. They appreciate the privileges and the opour Eternal Father. It is he who enwill be punished if they rebel against portunities that are given unto them to

dures to the end that will be saved, and God. They will have to pay the price serve God and keep his commandments.

there is a danger that confronts us of their sinning, but it is only those If they are not here, I hope they are through the temptations of the adverwho have the light through the priestlistening to what is going on in this sary if we yield to those temptations hood and through the power of God building today. They do not come to

DECEMBER 1958 921 the conferences—at least, not very many come to them, they disturb them in

of them. But after receiving the light their faith, if they have faith left. They

and the knowledge and the information criticize the Authorities of the Church.

which the Spirit of the Lord can give, They criticize the doctrines of the it is an awful thing to turn away. Church, and these weak members do

However, it is my judgment that there not have understanding enough, inforare many members of this Church who mation enough, and enough of the have been baptized for the remission guidance of the Spirit of the Lord to of their sins, who have had hands laid resist the false doctrines and teachings upon their heads for the gift of the of those who come to them, the wolves

Holy Ghost, who have never received in sheep's clothing, and they listen to that gift, that is, the manifestations of it. them, and think that perhaps after all

Why? Because they have never put they have made a mistake, and first

themselves in order to receive these thing you know they find their way out manifestations. They have never humof the Church, because they do not

bled themselves. They have never have understanding.

taken the steps that would prepare them I get letters frequently from people, for the companionship of the Holy members of this Church, who have been

Ghost. Therefore they go through life disturbed principally by two organizawithout that knowledge, and they have tions which seem to have dedicated their

not the understanding. Therefore when lives to the destruction of the Church

those cunning and crafty in their deceit of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Friday Morning session, all the dignity and responsibility of the of men who have not yet been ordained

October 10, 1958 Melchizedek Priesthood. seventies and of sisters in the Church,

I presume that all of us who are here and also we use men who have perhaps today believe the things that President been through the order of the seventy

MISSIONARY thatRichardsJesus hasChristtoldis us,actuallythat wethe believeSon of whoand becomeare highhighpriests.priests, Soor weat anyhaveratea

RESPONSIBILITY testimonyGod. He thattold hePeteris, hethatwouldupon buildthat spreadlarge forcethis knowledgeof men whomof thewegospeluse toto

his Church. I hope we have, as I have the peoples of the world. The largest

said more than once from this pulpit, part of these male missionaries is made

Antoine R. Ivins the testimony that Jesus Christ is the up of the elders of the Church and

for as do, long of God, of them of rather limited experiand many as weof the First Council of the Seventy Son ence. live true to it, will befall ever danger no

the Church. It is the duty of the older members,

I believe in the verity of the story the fathers, uncles, grandfathers, cousins, of the Prophet Joseph Smith, that Christ and so forth, who have this testimony

My brethren and sisters, I hope that appeared to him and gave him a comin their hearts, to establish it in the the few words I attempt may be dimission, and that true to that commishearts of these growing young men, so rected by the Spirit of God, and that sion he was finally authorized and emthat at such time as they may come to perchance they may be helpful to us powered to reorganize the Church of us and offer their services that they and give us courage in the efforts that Jesus Christ; that through the revelations may have a living testimony that Christ

we are making to carry forward the which have come to us through him we is the Son of God, that the Church was work of God. have a true conception of the purpose of authoritatively organized, that the

I am happy to be here today and life and of the gospel of Jesus Christ. priesthood is in the earth, all of which

listen to these fine sisters sing as they I believe, moreover, that the priesthood is essential to the exaltation of men.

did Wednesday when I attended the was restored through the Prophet Joseph If every elder who goes into the mismeetings of the Relief Society, where I Smith and that it has come down to us sion field could go with that testimony, always gain a wonderful respect for the in an unbroken line, authoritative, and he would be a power of strength and women of the Church, and the effort that only through the operation of that vigor, and his example would be above they are putting forth to further the priesthood can the ordinances which reproach as he labors among the people work of God. are designed for the exaltation of men of the world.

I want to bear my testimony to the and women be performed in their beNow, who is going to impress these truth of all that we have listened to half. young people with this and how are we

this morning from President Richards. Now, this being true, this being the going to do it? We all have that reAs I look forward and see this great testimony of all who are here today, sponsibility whether we be fathers of

number of men, many of whose faces as I presume it is, then we have a real these young men, or relatives, or just are not familiar to me but many of responsibility, and I stand before you friends and acquaintances, or even them are, and when I try to figure in today representing a group of men in strangers; when occasion may permit,

my mind the responsibility that rests the priesthood whose major purpose it we have the responsibility of striving upon them individually and collectively is to bear that testimony to the world—to instil in their hearts a firm and livas the bearers of the priesthood, I wonthe seventies of the Church. It haping testimony of the truth of these

der how I could make that plain, what pens, however, that in carrying that things.

words it would take to impress upon us message to the world, we avail ourselves It happens, occasionally, that young

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These people go into the homes of our that which the Spirit testifies unto you "And again, verily I say unto you, I weak members, disturb them in their even so I would that ye should do in would that ye should always remember, faith, get them all riled up, and they all holiness of heart, walking uprightly and always retain in your minds what do not know whether they did the right before me, considering the end of your those gifts are, that are given unto the thing when they were baptized or salvation, doing all things with prayer church."{Ibid., 46:8-10.)

whether they did not; but if they had and thanksgiving, that ye may not be Now the Lord would give us gifts.

lived as they should and had received seduced by evil spirits, or doctrines of He will quicken our minds. He will

the guidance of the Holy Spirit, they devils, or the commandments of men; give us knowledge that will clear up all

would not be moved. They would not for some are of men, and others of difficulties, and put us in harmony

be influenced by the false teachings and devils."{Ibid., 46:7.) with the commandments that he has

false statements regarding our doctrines So the Lord has given us a warning. given us, and with a knowledge that

that these people present to them. "Wherefore, beware lest ye are dewill be so deeply rooted in our souls

The gospel is simple. There is nothceived; and that ye may not be deceived that the knowledge can never be rooted

ing difficult about it. There are mysseek ye earnestly the best gifts, always out, if we will just seek for the light

teries, no doubt. We do not need to remembering for what they are given; and the truth and the understanding

bother about the mysteries, but the "For verily I say unto you, they are which is promised to us, and which we simple things pertaining to our salvagiven for the benefit of those who love can receive if we will only be true and tion and exaltation we can understand. me and keep all my commandments, faithful to every covenant and obligaNow let me refer to another passage and him that seeketh so to do; that all tion pertaining to the gospel of Jesus

of scripture. may be benefited that seek or that ask Christ.

"But ye are commanded in all things of me, that ask and not for a sign that The Lord bless you in the name of to ask of God, who giveth liberally; and they may consume it upon their lusts. Jesus Christ. Amen.

men go out who cannot say they know gospel of Jesus Christ, and we must prehearts of boys and girls? Somebody, and

it. Sister Ivins and I were on a train sent to them an attitude not of criticism usually somebody who holds the Melone time with a group going into the of the operation of the Church, but of chizedek Priesthood, is responsible for

Central Atlantic States Mission. A very approval, the testimony that there is it, brethren and sisters. We have that

outstanding young man was in that actually today among the leaders of the great obligation to build faith in the party. In the testimony meeting that Church inspiration. leadership of the Church, faith in the

we held in Roanoke the night of our I have lived in this Church a long revelations of God to guide this Church, arrival, he said, "I cannot tell you time, and since I was eight years old I and when we fail to do it, perhaps there definitely that I know the gospel is true."have been a baptized member of the will come a time when we may answer

But he believed it, and he sought that Church, and I have seen some of its for our failure.

testimony. I think it was about ten practices change. I cannot remember I think that is one of our greatest

days or two weeks later, that we met ever hearing of a change of the doctrine responsibilities, today, brethren and him again in a testimony meeting. of the Church, but it has been possible sisters—to live the gospel of Jesus Christ

Then with all the fervor that one could to change some things. I remember in our homes, in our families, in our

ask for, he bore testimony to the truth when the Mutual Improvement Associaministry among the people, in our busiof the gospel. tion came to St. George in its, shall I ness relationships, so that growing men

"If any man will do his will, he shall say, primeval condition, and I have and women can see the results that may know of the doctrine...."(John 7:17) watched it change its policies and praccome from an inspired testimony that

the Savior said; and this elder had tices, always for the better. Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that the

found it out. Perhaps it would have There are some people who feel that gospel has been restored, that as has

been a bit better had he had that testithere never ought to be a change of that been said this morning, the Church is mony in his heart as he accepted his kind in the Church, but it happens. the custodian of the priesthood and that

call for missionary service. I bear testimony, too, that those we have the responsibility of carrying

It has been a long time since I first changes in my opinion have been inthis message to the world.

sat on the missionary committee with spired. But there are some of us who We are happy, brethren and sisters,

President McKay, who was a Counselor feel that we cannot accept those things. in the contributions you are making of

then to President Grant, and after him We have no right, brethren and sisters, the services of your sons and daughters.

with President Richards. We have to teach our young, growing people that They are coming to us in great numbers

seen many, many men come to us for it should not have been done. and most of them are eminently worthy.

interview and go into the mission field. I remember meeting a boy years ago When they come to me, I hope you

It is my testimony that most of them, out in Shreveport, who came from a will have taught them that they must brethren and sisters, are worthy of the family that was divided in that respect, not be afraid to tell the truth as some of call that is given them. Occasionally, a mother that was firm in her faith, a them say they are. We have nothing but

however, we have problems with some father that had an idea that certain good will toward those young people.

of them, and the problems frequently things should not have been changed, Our sole and only purpose is to help arise because, either they have not been and I found that boy following the line them to see as they should see, to live properly taught or, having been taught, of thinking which his father had inas they should live, and to serve as they they have been a bit adverse and felt stilled in his heart. Repeated promises should serve; and may God bless us all

that they were being circumscribed in on his part to refrain from worrying his with the power to so impress these young their liberties. companions with those teachings failed. people with the truth of these grand

We must not let them feel thaj way, Now, brethren and sisters, these are and glorious teachings, I pray in the brethren and sisters. We must build serious conditions, and who is responsiname of Jesus Christ, our Redeemer.

in them a love for the Church and the ble for them when they exist in the Amen.

DECEMBER 1958 923 "name should be had for good and who had come from Perth on the west evil among all nations, kindreds, and coast of Australia. He and his wife

tongues."(Joseph Smith 2:33.) I think and children had traveled across Ausof the word of the Lord to the Prophet tralia, a distance approximately as great

in the loneliness of Liberty Jail: "The as from San Francisco to New York,

ends of the earth shall inquire after and then across the Tasman Sea to thy name, and fools shall have thee in New Zealand. He said they had had

derision, and hell shall rage against to sell their furniture, their car, their thee; dishes, and many other of their prized

"While the pure in heart, and the possessions, but, he said, as he looked wise, and the noble, and the virtuous, at his wife and their lovely children, shall seek counsel, and authority, and he knew these were more precious than blessings constantly from under thy car, furniture, or china. By hard work

hand."(D& C 122:1-2.) and careful saving he could replace

My brethren and sisters, I have withis worldly goods, but he could never nessed the fulfilment of these marvelous afford to lose those he loved.

promises. In the temples in Europe I And so they had come, with a susGOD'S KINGDOM have seen the people of Finland, taining conviction in their hearts that

Sweden, and Norway, of Denmark, life, love, and family may all be eternalIS HERE Belgium, and Holland, of Germany, under the plan of the Lord. And as

Austria, France, and England and even they kneeled about the altar of the temple together and were from South under B. heart, bound in noble, HinckleyGordon Africa—pure

the authority of the in Priesthood of Holy those lands men and womenAssistant to the Council of the Twelve virtuousseeking relationship, blessings imperishable an one authority the under which came through the Prophet Joseph glimpsed the great, eternal purposes of

Smith. In New Zealand I have seen the God—the everlasting verities that tranPresident McKay, President Richards, people of that land, of Australia, Tasscend in beauty and satisfaction the

President Clark, my dear brethren and mania, Samoa, Tonga, Raratonga, Fiji, thin values by which most men gauge sisters: and Tahiti, with the smile of truth upon their lives.

I seek inspiration of the Lord at this their faces as they sought blessings in Inherent in the events of that day in time. the house of the Lord, each in his own the temple—in the instruction given in

During the past six months Sister tongue testifying of this great latterday the endowment, in the covenants made,

Hinckley and I have had the opportunity work. in the ordinances performed—were anof participating in the dedication of I marvel at, and am grateful, for the swers to the great eternal questions of

the New Zealand and London temples. breadth of the kingdom, its spread over where we come from, why we are here,

If I may, I should like to make some the world, and I know that the end is and where we are going—of the purobservations out of the experiences of not yet—that this stone which was cut pose of life under the plan of our

those occasions and comment with apout of the mountain without hands, as Creator. These are the things which

preciation on five great qualities or the prophet foretold, shall roll forth and give depth and meaning, a third dimenaspects that I have noted in this, our fill the earth, touching the hearts and sion to our faith, for which I feel deeply

Father's work: (1) its breadth; (2) its lives of the virtuous and the wise and grateful this day.

depth; (3) the devotion of its advothe, pure in heart, wherever it is taught Thirdly, our experiences of the past

cates; (4) the effect of their teaching; for it is the kingdom of our God. six months have given me a new appre-

(5) the strength of its leadership. Secondly, as I am grateful for the ciation for the devotion of the advo-

I am grateful, my brethren and sisters, breadth of the kingdom, I am likewise cates of this cause, our missionaries.

for the breadth of this kingdom. My grateful for the depth of its teaching. I have come to a renewed sense of

testimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith To spread laterally is one thing. To gratitude for the sacrifices of those who

has been strengthened by the manner grow in "the third dimension of relilaid the foundations of this great work.

in which this work has spread over the gion,"as one writer put it, is another. While in England I spent a few

earth. I think of the statement made I think we witnessed in these temples hours in Preston, my first field of labor

by Moroni in 1823 to an unknown farm that third dimension. I shall never as a missionary twentyfive years ago.

boy in western New York that his forget the testimony of a young man It was in this city that missionaries

everyspirit—a

that impression,showoff—givingapparently,WHAT MAKES A MAN cafea juniorwas highlocatedschool.just aAshalfwe wereblocksittingfrom typebody ofthe

there eating our breakfast, about a dozen now they were grown up; now that

these junior school high students they could smoke cigarets they hadMark E. Petersen of

into the cafe "arrived."played came and some

of the Council of the Twelve records and lounged about for a few That night before going to bed I minutes waiting for school to start. picked up a magazine in the hotel, and

They were on their way to school. I on the back page of the magazine was

noticed that every one of these boys a full page advertisement. It showed

Last June while we were touring one and girls, who seemed to be about a husky looking man, apparently in the of the missions of the Church in the fourteen years of age, smoked cigarets. bloom of health, smoking a cigaret.

eastern part of the United States, we I was struck even more by the manner The caption across the ad said: "Where

stopped one morning about 8 o'clock in which they smoked than by the fact there's a man there's a cigaret."

to get breakfast at a cafe. This that they were smoking; such a bravado I do not give the name.

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first preached the gospel in Europe in able and wonderful. Perhaps it was a On his arrival at the New Zealand

1837. As we moved along those old certain kind of cleanliness—no more Temple he was given a great welcoming

cobbled streets and flagstone walks, I cigarets, no more liquor, no more tea. festival. As he walked through the

thought of those seven men of 121 Perhaps it was the company they kept crowd, elderly men and women, who years ago—strangers in a strange land, the kind of company one ought to find first had met him in the islands in 1921,

walking in poverty, but with a great in the Church. Perhaps it was their wept at the return of their apostleconviction and a great enthusiasm. knowledge of the gospel, their assurprophet.

We stood beside Vauxhall Chapel ance concerning the purpose of life. In In London we watched him face with

where they first spoke, beside the River any event, it was there, and it was inease a battery of newspaper and teleRibble where they first baptized, on the spiring. vision men and bear testimony to them.

site of the old Cockpit where they bore I am grateful for the power of the In both temples we heard him give testimony. In spite of bitter opposition, gospel in the hearts and lives of men counsel that was inspiring and offer

in spite of mobbings, arrests, and every and women, and I never saw that power prayers of dedication that were solemn manner of persecution, they went formore evident than when the Saints and beautiful and moving.

ward, garnering souls in a harvest that came to the house of the Lord. In eleven languages today the worthy

will go on forever as the posterity of Finally, there came out of these expeof the Church are enjoying the blessings their converts increase in number. riences an increased gratitude for our of the temple because of the inspiraAnd as they sacrificed and labored, so leader and for a conviction of his dition that has come through him. No

labor their successors. We met more vine appointment. one witnessing the joy of those who have

than five hundred missionaries of Eu- A short time ago while doing some received these blessings, could doubt rope. One cannot witness these young research in the missionary records of the inspiration of his leadership.

men and women at work without marthe Church, I came across the appraisal I recall a little widow in New Zeaveling at their devotion. One cannot made by Elder David O. McKay's misland, the mother of seventeen children.

see the maturity that has come into sion president when he completed his Her husband was gone. A number of

their lives without recognizing the infirst mission in the British Isles. That her children were gone. As she knelt

spiration of this great program. One appraisal reads as follows: about the altar with the beautiful chilcannot hear their testimonies without "As a speaker: Good. dren who were left to her and received

sensing the tremendous power of truth. "As a writer: Good. the assurance that all that she had lost

The Lord bless them for their wonder- "As a presiding officer: Very good. would also be hers, she wept. And all

ful devotion and for their wonderful "Has he a good knowledge of the who were with her on that sacred occafaith. You can be proud of them. gospel? Yes. sion in that dedicated room, wept also.

Fourthly, I am grateful for the effect "Has he been energetic? Very. As I have witnessed these and many

of their teachings. The Lord has de- "Is he discreet and does he carry a more inspiring situations during the

clared: "... this is my work and my good influence? Yes sir! past six months in these widely scatglory—to bring to pass the immortality "Remarks: None better in the mistered lands, I have felt to sing with that

and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) sion."convert from the steel mills of Sheffield:

You need not wait for the life beyond That was written in 1899. "We thank thee, O God, for a Prophet,

to see the accomplishment of that purAs I read that I thought of another to guide us in these latter days."

pose. You may witness that process David, the son of Jesse, who was orThe other day I talked with a misevery day in the mission field. The dained to become the leader of Israel. guided young man who has become

revelation declares that "That which is And I thought of the solid consistency bitter. After he told his story, I said

of God is light; and he that receiveth of President McKay's life, from the time to him: "If you had seen what I have

light, and continueth in God, receiveth he first labored in the British Isles as seen, if you had experienced what I more light; and that light groweth a young man, through the sixty years have experienced, you would not feel

brighter and brighter until the perfect that passed prior to his return to dedias you now do."

day."(D & C 50:24.) cate the House of the Lord in this same I bear you witness that God's kingThat sublime principle of growth land. dom is here, that it is growing in

was evident in the lives of those who The affection in which he is held, breadth and depth, and in power in the came to these temples. Whether they his unfailing kindness and consideralives of the people, and that those whom

were brownskinned Maoris, Samoans, tion, his ease in meeting every situation, he has placed to lead it are his chosen or Tongans, or fairskinned Europeans, the fruits of his ministry, all attest to and ordained servants. I so testify in the

they seemed to have a quality indefinhis prophetic calling. name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

As I read that ad my mind flashed if you did not smoke? Would you beSandburg, the Lincoln biographer, is

back immediately to those boys and lieve, for instance, that President Eisenany less a man because he will not girls in the cafe. I wondered if they hower is any less a man because on smoke? Would you believe it of Goverhad read that ad. I wondered if they doctor's orders he quit smoking? Would nor Harriman of New York, or Bernard

thought that "Where there's a man any of you believe that President Harry Gimbel, the head of the great Gimbel there's a cigaret."I wondered if they S Truman was any less a man because Department Store in New York City?

got the idea that cigarets make the man, he refused to smoke? Would any of Would you believe that Lyndon B.

that cigarets make the woman. Then you believe that Franklin Delano RooseJohnson, majority leader of the United

I began to ask myself whether these velt was any less a man because he States Senate, is any less a man because boys and girls would suppose that they responded to the advice of his doctors he will not smoke? Do you believe

would be lacking in manhood or with respect to smoking, and then even that J. Edgar Hoover, the head of the

womanhood if they did not smoke? later tried to persuade his biographer, FBI, is any less a man because he

Young people, do you believe that you Harry Hopkins, to do likewise? neither smokes nor drinks? Or a man

would lack in manhood or womanhood Would any of you believe that Carl like Charles Boyer of the movies, oi

DECEMBER 1958 925 TV personalities such as Victor Borge Printing House and paid for by governand Pat Boone? Do you believe the ment money. I would like to read just

kind of advertising that is put out by an excerpt or two from it. The Hon.

the tobacco people? Robert T. Secrest, a member of the

The United States Congress made an Federal Trade Commission, was one of investigation of cigaret advertising, and the men who gave testimony in conafter their investigation they published nection with this investigation, and a report known as "False and Misleadamong other things he said that the ing Advertising,"having to do with Surgeon General's recent statement that filtertip cigarets. It was published by "excessive cigaret smoking is one of the

a committee on Government Operations causative factors in lung cancer"calls of the House of Representatives of the for a "new approach"by the commission

United States Congress on February 20, in its regulation of cigaret advertising.

1958. It was published by the United Then the report goes on to say this:

States government in the Government "The cigaret industry has done a

FAITH -AND THE comeassemblyan ofofficialmixed party.talent maySuchneveran fromBrotherEnglishToilupiintorepliedthe Samoansincerelytongue.and

POLYNESIANS happen again, for it isn't likely that humbly, "I can do it if you will bless another similiar event of such imporme."President McKay answered, "I

translation together. bless you,"will occur to was bring and the do themDelbert L. Stapley tance

of perfectly regardless of the majority Saints accomplished of the the The of the Council of the Twelve South Pacific attending the temple fact the limited Samoan language does dedication activities did so, as Brother not have equivalent words correspondHinckley has indicated, at great personal ing in meaning to the English.

My brothers and sisters, I am indeed sacrifice. Ever since the building of a The New Zealand Temple, situated

grateful for the splendid spirit of this temple was announced they have been on a prominence overlooking the valley, conference session this morning. I hope saving in earnest for that important and with its remarkable floodlighting effects,

what I have to say will not detract from historic dedication day. To them it stands out majestically at night with a

the spirit of the messages given. I was the spiritual opportunity of their brilliance of lighting intensity which

would like to touch upon a few things lives, the fulfilment of their prayers and can be seen for miles around, and truly connected with the New Zealand Temdreams. It would be difficult for the represents "a candle of the Lord"to

ple dedication mentioned by Brother people of the world, not knowing the reveal light and truth in the midst of

Hinckley. sacred value and eternal nature of temerror and spiritual darkness. The favorSince the last general conference of ple ordinances, to understand why able publicity of all happenings there,

the Church Sister Stapley and I have people possess such strong religious berevealing the purpose of temples, Church enjoyed the great privilege and blessing liefs and faith that would cause them beliefs, principles, and practices, gave of accompanying our beloved President not only to save money, but also to sell to the people of New Zealand and

David O. McKay, Sister McKay, Elder their cars, mortgage furniture and Australia new knowledge and gospel

and Sister Marion G. Romney and other chattels to raise sufficient funds light which has stimulated a tremenothers to New Zealand for the dedicato visit a temple. To those who do dous spiritual upsurge to the work of the

tion of the new temple in that faraway understand, no sacrifice is too great to Church.

land. Brother Gordon Hinckley and achieve the greatest blessings of their My soul is full of gratitude for the

his wife had preceded us there to finalize lives—the holy temple endowment with restored gospel of Christ and the blessed

the preparation for the dedication and the ordinances and sealings that bind power it has to enrich the lives of opening of the temple for ordinance husband and wife and families together people. I bear humble testimony, my

work. He mentioned the welcome and in an eternal family relationship and brothers and sisters, that the gospel

reception accorded the official Church companionship. taught by the Latterday Saints is the

party by the Polynesian Saints. It was In visiting with this mixed group of true gospel of God's kingdom which the

a tremendous tribute and demonstration Saints the evidences of a living and Savior testified "shall be preached in all of love and affection for all of us, but motivating faith were found on every the world for a witness unto all nations;

more particularly for their beloved hand. Tears of happiness flowed freely and then shall the end come."(Matt.

President and Prophet, "Tumuaki"down the cheeks of these faithful and 24:14.)

David O. McKay. worthy people as the significance of The missionary system of the Church

It was a glorious spectacle, so different, these eventful days unfolded more was established by revelation of the colorful and unique that the sweet clearly to their understanding. Each Lord to fulfil this latterday obligation.

memory of the occasion will remain session of the dedication was a glorious He declared to the Prophet Joseph forever. Each Polynesian group, in naspiritual experience. To watch the faces Smith:

tive costume, entertained with pageantry, of the Saints was a reflection of the joy "And the voice of warning shall be song, and dance for the space of three and happiness they felt. unto all people, by the mouths of my

and a half hours. I believe it is the The simple and trusting faith of the disciples, whom I have chosen in these

only time in the history of the world Polynesian Saints was reflected in the last days.

that four such widely scattered Polyanswer of Brother Lafi Toilupi to Presi- "And they shall go forth and none nesian peoples have been brought dent McKay's query, "Can you do it?"shall stay them, for I the Lord have

together where each featured its when he asked Brother Toilupi if he commanded them.

individual native entertainment to welcould translate the dedicatory prayer "Behold, this is mine authority and

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grave disservice to the smoking public, of cigaret smoking, business responsilike that, do you believe cigaret adverinitially, blatantly, and more recently, bility and even decency would apparenttising? Do you believe that cigarets

very subtly, publicizing the filtertip ly dictate that the American public is make the man, or that cigarets make smoke as a health protection.... entitled to an accounting from the the woman? What makes a man?

"Despite repeated private and even cigaret manufacturers. It is indeed What makes a woman? Is it the cigaret

public invitations to appear before the most reprehensible that the tobacco inor the cocktail, or is it the clean life, subcommittee, the tobacco industry redustry should so shirk its vast responsithe development of good character, faith fused all such invitations. In one. inbilities to the consumer and apparently in God, and keeping his commandments?

stance the invitation was accepted only conspire to boycott the hearings of a Young people, be honest with yourto be declined later because of a 'precongressional committee."selves. Answer these questions. Bevious engagement,'when it was learned I am sure your congressman would lieve in God. Serve him. Uphold the

no other tobaccocompany official would send you a copy of this if you were inprogram of the Church, and you will appear. terested in it. It is Union Calendar live wonderful, happy lives. That you

"During a period fraught with public No. 539, House Report No. 1372. may do this is my earnest prayer, in

concern over grave health implications Young people, in the face of things Jesus'name. Amen.

the authority of my servants,... O inbeginning of construction of a beautiful questioned our right to Christian

habitants of the earth."(D & C 1:4-6.) and serviceable chapel in one small status, and who also were guilty of

During the spring and summer Sister branch to the time of dedication, thirtymaligning the integrity of the Church

Stapley and I visited three Church misthree converts were baptized and twentyleaders in Zion. He called attention

sions: the two in Australia, and the five passive members reactivated who to a few of our brethren who were or

Northwestern States Mission. I perare now in full fellowship. are now in high United States governsonally interviewed over 350 young misIn two widely separated towns of the ment positions, whom he was privileged

sionaries. I pay sincere and humble Australian Mission where lovely buildto know personally. Some had betribute to them for their faithful devoings are completed and in service, the friended and supported him, which

tion to a great cause. I know many mayors attended the appointed meetpermitted the Prime Minister to become

families make tremendous financial ings to bid us welcome. One, acacquainted with their qualities of goodsacrifices to support their missionary quainted with the Word of Wisdom, ness, and sound political integrity and

sons and daughters while away from told how he had been prevailed upon leadership. He made particular referhome in the service of the ministry. to give up the habit of tobacco and of ence to Elder Ezra Tart Benson, with

The compensations, however, for faiththe personal satisfaction he experienced praise for his integrity and excellent ful and devoted service are rich and in doing so. He complimented the government service. He indicated favorrewarding. Faith is increased; testiChurch and its people for building such ablcness to religious education in the

monies are strengthened; principles of a lovely edifice in which to worship schools of New Zealand, and praised

righteousness and truth are acquired and to foster cultural activities for the the character and teachings of Jesus which build into the missionary fundawholesome and broad enrichment of which he encouraged all to accept and mental moral and spiritual values which their lives. He also pledged to them follow.

upgrade his character attainments for the full support of his office and the Such recognition and unsolicited successful and happy living. With few town council he represented. It was favorable contributions from outstandexceptions, the more than 5000 mission- a beautiful tribute and a marvelous ing leaders not of our faith are helpful

aries now serving represent the Church pledge of cooperation. The second to the work. Their comments call athonorably and effectively, and are a mayor also gave like praise and comtention to a letter I received from a

great credit to it. Thousands of conmendation and declared that the Church nonmember friend of mine while we

verts each year result from their devoted building was most attractive and invitwere yet in New Zealand, who closed service. ing, which added spiritual strength and by saying, "May the propagation of

Recently a mission president reportprestige to their progressive city. He the Latterday Saint faith ever spread

ing his mission made this significant expressed the hope that the work of the over the world."Such is the encouragestatement: "If the Church were not Church would prosper there, and wished ment of those who know us best.

true, the 5000 missionaries representing the people every success in their reThe faraway converts of New Zeait would have proved it long ago."I ligious program. He promised, in conland and Australia—and I listened tohave often thought how true that stateclusion, to return again. He made a promany—teach and preach the same

ment is. Actuated as they are by the found observation by saying that to truths, principles, and gospel ordisame spirit, the Holy Ghost, and many people churches were like elenances as orthodox as we do here. Their

officiating by the authority of the true vators—they could just get on at any testimonies are fervent, spiritual, and

priesthood of God, it is not too diffitime and be taken to heaven without convincing. To associate with and liscult to understand the truth of the misthe good life and good works to their ten to them, one would think and feel

sion president's statement. credit. He firmly believed faith and as if he were in the congregations

The tempo of the proselyting program works go together. of the Saints at home. Truly, all who

has stepped up in Australia, and with At the dedication of the New Zeabelong to this Church and yield obedinineteen new lovely buildings to meet land Church College, the Prime Minence to its teachings are actuated by the and worship in and to carry forward ister of New Zealand gave an interesting same spirit, the Holy Ghost, whose the full Church program, prospects for and challenging talk most favorable function it is to guide into all truth, to increased conversions are constantly to the Church and its program to serve bear witness of the Father and the Son, improving. The chapelbuilding proand bless people. He took exception and to keep the Saints of God united

gram alone has set forward the work to the organized unfriendly group opwherever they are. What a blessing it

of the Church many years. From the posing the Church efforts there, who is to be guided by a power which preDECEMBER 1958 927

s 4!

\. v<i f >/'>.,&'

?// Tx v i -&*''vents misunderstandings and divisions "something"present when attending

of Christ. followers true services the held the elders. Church by among

—,-v like -... -, V..w/ it?"this to asked. share with I would you briefly good "What is woman

.3* ML * three choice experiences resulting from The answer came to her and she exthese mission tours. A good woman, claimed, "The priesthood of God,"to

called upon by the missionaries while which her husband agreed.

tracting in her neighborhood, advised A faithful sister, eightynine years them that her niece had joined the of age but young in spirit, related to

Church eight months previously. "Your me this testimony and experience. As a

Church has done so much for her,"young woman, her father informed her she said, and then asked, "Can you do a new scripture was to come, and the the same for me?"Church presenting it would be true.

A Woman investigator, after a few She was greatly impressed by this statehome visits from the missionaries, said ment and remembered it. Her father

to her husband, "The elders take somepassed away, and time moved on, but thing with them when they leave our still the new scripture had not come to home; when they return that something her attention. Some years later two

is here."They both recognized that missionaries knocked at her door. When

Friday Afternoon session, came a member of the Church, and older, before they heard and accepted

October 10, 1958 she explained how, through the facilithe gospel. Probably part of the testing

ties the missionaries had made availpurpose of this life was that they were

THE TEMPERING able to her of Braille and "talking so born into the world that they would

PROCESS OF LIFE ofbooks,"the gospel,she hadandreceivedthrougha knowledgeher study, wouldbe triedhaveand thetestedfaithto seeunderwhetherthose theycirthrough the Spirit of the Lord, a testicumstances to accept the gospel when

Eldred G. Smith mony of the gospel had come to her. it came to them.

Patriarch to the Church I asked her about her family. She So, this life is a testing period that

mentioned she had two sisters who had man may learn obedience by his own their sight, but she said, "They do not experience. Through modern revelation

I pray that the spirit of the Lord will see."Even though they had the sight the Lord tells us, "... it must needs be

be with me, and that I may have his of their eyes they did not understand that the devil should tempt the children inspiration as has been given to others the gospel. They could not see it. She of men, or they could not be agents

in this conference. bore testimony to me. that she would unto themselves; for if they never should

I noticed in an article on the editorial rather be as she was and have the gospel have bitter they could not know the page of the News last evening, calling of Jesus Christ, than to trade places sweet—"(D & C 29:39.) Again the

our attention to the troubled world we with either of her sisters who did not Lord said:

are in. Have you had any problems? have the gospel. It really thrilled me. "For behold, it is not meet that I

Have you had any difficulties? Have God gives us darkness to see into the should command in all things; for he

you had any trials? Have you ever distance. He gives us light to see close that is compelled in all things, the same

been discouraged? Have you had any up. The stars shine in the daylight as is a slothful and not a wise servant;

heartaches? Have you ever felt that much as they do at night, yet we need wherefore he receiveth no reward.

disaster had fallen upon you and comthe darkness in which to see the stars. "Verily I say, men should be anxiouspletely submerged you? Have you been We can see into the distance, as this ly engaged in a good cause, and do many

tempted to cry out, "Why this to me?"blind woman did, through the Spirit things of their own free will, and bring

You can always find someone in worse even farther than we can see with our to pass much righteousness;

straits than you. natural eyes. This life is full of con- "For the power is in them, wherein

I talked to a middleaged woman who trasts. We have pleasure and pain, they are agents unto themselves. And

was blind. I have met others who were good and evil, virtue and vice. One inasmuch as men do good they shall in

converts to the Church who were blind purpose of this life is to be tried and nowise lose their reward.

or crippled or mute; others who have tested, and as some have said, they "But he that doeth not anything until

physical difficulties and handicaps in wondered why they did not receive the he is commanded, and receiveth a comthis life. Even though this woman was gospel when they were younger. They mandment with doubtful heart, and

blind from birth, she was a convert to had to wait until they were thirty, or keepeth it with slothfulness, the same the Church. I asked her how she beforty, or fifty years old, and some even is 'damned. (Ibid., 58:2629.)

sisters, I this building, I believe from come and among restsBLESSINGS OF THE senseMy fullybrethrenthe responsibilityand are sincerely desire very which them many who

I believe, to increase their faith and to strengthenCHURCH upon me at this moment.

also, that all who speak from this stand their testimonies concerning the divinAlma Sonne sensethat therea similarmay responsibility.be thousands whoI realizeare ityTheof God'sLatterdaywork. Saints have been

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve listening eagerly to the messages which abundantly blessed. Without God's

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA she received them they introduced to can be understood by the simple, yet is nances for the joy and eternal happiness her the Book of Mormon which they so profound it can challenge the most of mankind.

advised was a new scripture revealed by learned thinker with its depths of We cordially invite all people to inGod. She immediately recalled the knowledge and wisdom. The gospel vestigate the restored Church of Christ,

words of her father. She had her withas the power to bring people together and accept its teachings and way of

ness. She said to me, "I didn't need the in love and understanding and give life as revealed for their salvation and

elders to teach me the gospel. I knew purpose and wise direction to life. Our glory. President Richards made an exthey represented the true Church."She message to the world is one of faith cellent appeal in his opening address

was quickly converted and baptized by in God and his beloved Son, Jesus here this morning. I testify, my brothers

them. For over, fifty years this good Christ, our Savior and Redeemer. It and sisters, that God has established his

sister has remained a faithful and deis a message of brotherhood, hope, peace, work for the last time among the chilvoted member. Her home has been, and salvation, and is therefore of great dren of men, and preparations are now

and is now, a rallying point for misimportance and value to every nation, going forward for the second coming sionary work. The evening we spent kindred, tongue, and people. We possess of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

with her was enriched by her testimony the truth, the fulness of the gospel of God help us, my brothers and sisters, and charm of character. Christ with all its glorious principles, to be true to our obligations as members

How wonderful it is, my brothers and high moral standards of conduct, ideals of his kingdom, I humbly pray in the sisters, that the true gospel of our Lord of noble character, and all saving ordiname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Lord expects us to use our free plunged into a solution of brine, cold we say as Job did, "I know."Can we

agency. That is the reason we have water, oil, or some other method of say we know that God lives, and that

free agency. The Lord also extends his quenching—an extreme reverse again Jesus is the Christ, and that Joseph

help in answer to our prayers. "We ask from the heat to the cold. Then that Smith is a true prophet of God, and that

for strength, and God gives us difficulpiece of steel, so treated, becomes so the gospel of Jesus Christ has been reties to make us strong. We plead for hard that it can cut the counterpart stored in this, the latter day? This is

wisdom, and God sends us problems, from which it was previously cut, yet the question that we have to answer, the solution of which develops wisdom. we have not changed the content of and the gospel of Jesus Christ gives us

We plead for prosperity, and God gives the steel. And so is life a tempering the answer thereto. Through the temus brawn and brains to work. We plead process. pering process of life we may become

for courage, and God gives us dangers To me the story of Job has a great strengthened even to perfection, as we to overcome. We as,k for favors, and lesson in it. In all the trials of Job, conquer and endure to the end, that we

God gives us opportunities."Lucifer did unto Job only that which too may have a testimony of the gospel

This is a tempering process of life, the Lord permitted. Lucifer does not of Jesus Christ.

that we may become stronger and have power over us only so far as he The Lord said: "... he that endureth

eventually attain perfection. It is much is permitted. The trials of Job came to the end. shall be saved."(Matt.

the same as we do to temper steel. There only by steps or degrees, not all at once. 10:22.) To the Nephites he said: "Beare several processes qf tempering steel. Job may not have been able to withhold, I am the law, and the light. Look

One is to take a bar of steel, put it into stand everything all at once, but comunto me, and endure to the end, and a process of hammering and beating, ingin steps each trial gave him the ye shall live; for unto him that endurand the more it is pounded and hamstrength to take the next. Finally, eth to the end will I give eternal

mered and beaten, the tougher the Lucifer was given full control over Job, life"(3 Nephi 15:9), which is the

steel gets. This is cold rolled steel. except that he could not destroy his greatest gift that God can give to man.

We do not change the content of the soul. As Job conquered, he became more And so I, with all good members of

steel. After this process it has the same perfect. As it was with Job, so shall the Church, testify to you that the

content it had before, but through the it be with us. We also must withstand gospel of Jesus Christ is now restored

process of a good beating it becomes trials and difficulties through which we to the earth in its fulness, that I with tougher, stronger, more valuable, and attain perfection. This process thus others can say "I know"that God lives,

more endurable. strengthened Job until he uttered that that Jesus is the Christ, that the Prophet

Another process is that of heat treatimmortal testimony: "For I know that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God, and

ment. We can take a bar of steel and my redeemer liveth, and that he shall through him the gospel of Jesus Christ

cut it in two, one part of it we put stand at the latter day upon the earth: has been restored in this, the latterthrough a heat treatment where it is "And though after my skin worms day, by which we may receive the

heated to a terrifically high degree of destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall blessings of the Lord, even eternal life, temperature and held through a given I see God."(Job 19:2526.) and this I testify unto you in the name

length of time, and then quickly Many of us say, "I believe,"but can of Jesus Christ. Amen.

blessings the work could not proceed. it does today. Without his blessings and support the schools and places of

Without God's blessings the many temples could not be erected at home education which have been developed settlements made in this Rocky Mounand abroad as at present. And without in our midst.

tain region by the pioneers could not his blessings we could not sustain up- I feel sure, as I stand here, that God's have been accomplished. Without diwards of five thousand missionaries in work will not diminish in the earth.

vine inspiration and guidance the great the field to proclaim the gospel truths. Eventually every knee will bow and

missionary system could not operate as Neither could we build the churches every tongue will confess that Jesus is

DECEMBER 1958 929 preach the gospel and to administer charged their responsibility with greater the ordinances thereof. The work is confidence and a firmer trust in God

going forward today, at home and than did Joseph Smith. I marvel as I

abroad, and we have reason, you and I, contemplate the soundness of his proto rejoice at its success; and so I say, gram and the durability of his teachagain, God's work will not diminish in ings.

the world or in the Church, it will I recall the words of the Savior about continue its onward course. It has surJohn the Baptist. He said:

vived attacks from without and crises "What went ye out into the wilderand threats from within, but it has never ness to see? A reed shaken with the

weakened. It is full of vitality and wind?

power. "... A man clothed in soft raiment?"

The large gathering of Latterday (Matt. 11:7-8.) They went out to see

Saints here and in other places, the a man who had been true to his calling, recent expansion and the enlarged a spiritual giant, a great prophet.

projects now under way, are evidences You may rest assured that no worldly of virility and strength. The work beallurements could swerve him from his

ing done is destined to conquer and to sacred calling. When you find a man

touch the human heart and even where who discharges his obligations to God,

Christian sentiments are still slumberfirst and foremost, you will find a strong the Christ. The adversary, powerful ing. man, an unconquerable spirit, not a

as he is in the world today, will be de- I was interested this morning when reed shaken by the wind. He is not

feated in his plans and in his purposes. Elder Hinckley read from Section 122 swayed by popular motives nor by passThe end of evil, so rampant in the of the Doctrine and Covenants. They ing currents. He stands on a foundaworld, will come when the gospel of were words of reassurance to the Prophet tion that will never give way.

the kingdom has been preached as a Joseph Smith. They came at a moment When you find a group of men and

witness in all the world and when the when he needed to be reassured, when women similarly endowed, devoted to power of Satan is broken. he was being maligned, betrayed, and a Godgiven trust, counseling together

The Church stands for the principles imprisoned. They were given to him in and working for a divine cause in the

of eternal truth proclaimed by Jesus Liberty Jail where he received words service of God, you will find an inChrist and the holy prophets. The of comfort and strength from his Heavvincible community struggling and

appointed mission of the Church is to enly Father. Few men have disstriving for the betterment of all.

for saith of their wise gospel, the wisdom the Lamb, and my rock perish, salvation."13:3536.) understandand the (1 Nephi"A MARVELOUS WORK wonder:men shall and my

AND A WONDER"ing of their prudent men shall be hid. Nephi was picked up by the Spirit

(Ibid., vs. 14.) of the Lord and taken on top of a high

in glorishall that deaf the mountain. hear "And day he There was shown aMilton R. Hunter

history of the the book, world. the of ous vision of of the words the eyes and

of the First Council of the Seventy the blind shall see out of obscurity, As part of that vision, Nephi saw that and out of darkness. in the latter days the Spirit of God

In this morning's session of the con- "The meek also shall increase their would come down upon a man. He

ference, President Stephen L Richards joy in the Lord, and the poor among would get in a ship and cross a large stated that Isaiah prophesied that in the men shall rejoice in the Holy One of body of water and come to the "promlast days the Lord would establish "a Israel."(Ibid., vs. 18, 19.) ised land,"or the land which was inmarvelous work and a wonder"among The Prophet Nephi, who lived about habited by the seed of his brethren. Histhe children of men. In connection a hundred years after Isaiah died, was tory indicates that Columbus was this

with that marvelous work and a woncommanded by the Lord that he and man.

der, Isaiah said: his posterity should write a religious Nephi also saw that following the

"And thou shalt be brought down, record which should contain especially discovery of this land—America—by the

and shalt speak out of the ground, and testimonies and evidences that Jesus is man who was brought here by the thy speech shall be low out of the dust, the Christ, the Savior of the world. It Spirit of the Lord, that the Spirit of

and thy voice shall be, as of one that would contain the gospel of Jesus Christ God would come down upon many peohath a familiar spirit...."(Isaiah 29:4.) as revealed to his people. As part of ple who lived in the countries across

"And the vision of all is become unto that revelation from the Lord, Nephi the large body of water. Seeking reyou as the words of a book that is wrote: ligious freedom, they would leave their

sealed, which men deliver to one that "For, behold, saith the Lamb: I will native homes and, crossing "the many

is learned, saying, Read this, I pray manifest myself unto thy seed, that they waters,"come to "the promised land."

thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is shall write many things which I shall He saw that there they would develop

sealed: minister unto them, which shall be a young nation; and this young nation

"And the book is delivered to him plain and precious; and after thy seed would be prospered and blessed by the

that is not learned, saying, Read this, I shall be destroyed, and dwindle in unLord. It would rise up in revolt against

pray thee: and he saith, I am not belief, and also the seed of thy brethits mother nation. And then he saw

learned. (Ibid., vs. 9-12.) ren, behold, these things shall be hid that the Spirit and power of God would

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed to up, to come forth unto the Gentiles, by rest down upon the inhabitants of this do a marvellous work among this peothe gift and power of the Lamb. young nation, "and also that the wrath

ple, even a marvellous work and a "And in them shall be written my of God was upon all those who were

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iii the year 1831, the Latterday Saints printing house prepared to issue a rose. The climate has been tempered.

gathered in Kirtland, Ohio. They were Church periodical. Schoolhouses were Miracles have been wrought and the

poor from the standpoint of worldly erected, and homes had been built in precious things of the earth are coming possessions, but they had been taught the country round about. The exodus to light.

correct principles of government. They from Missouri to Illinois with its suf- I mention these things, brethren and

lived in peace. They were united in fering, exposure, hardship, and trial, sisters, not to bring up the past but to

their common cause. Within the short has few parallels in history. point out the constructive spirit of the

period of five years they had built homes The destination of the people was a Mormon faith. I conclude that any

for themselves, they had made civic bog which had to be reclaimed to make worthy project which will enhance improvements,, and they had built a it fit for human habitation. This was God's work can be accomplished by the

temple which cost them $75,000. It in 1839. And in 1844, five years later, Latterday Saints—for God's work will

was a stupendous sum in those days, the population of their city had reached not fail. It will triumph in the world

yet economically, they were on a par 20,000. Did the Lord bless the Latterbeyond the wildest dreams of those who

with their neighbors and friends. day Saints in those early days? These laid so firmly the foundation of all we

The year following the settlement in refugees built comfortable homes, pubhave and are. The same authority

Kirtland a part of the Church settled lic buildings, schools, and a temple which actuated and inspired Joseph in Jackson County, Missouri. What which cost the enormous sum of one Smith and Brigham Young is directthey accomplished there within a year million dollars. How could they acing the present leaders of the Church

or two incited the hatred and envy of complish this thing? All of this, as you today. I know this to be a fact.

their neighbors. A series of persecutions know, they abandoned and left to their I know God is with his people. I

commenced which resulted in the exenemies so the Latterday Saints could know his inspiration is resting upon pulsion of the Latterday Saints. They worship God according to the dictates those who are directing its affairs, and

were driven from their homes and deof their consciences. They wanted to I know God's work will triumph in the

spoiled of their property. be free from persecution and malice. earth and the Latterday Saints will

They moved into the counties northThe next movement was to the Rocky carry forward the great program sucward. Mountains, beyond the confines of cessfully until it is fully realized, for

In 1838, according to Church history, civilization in the great unexplored God is still blessing his people.

four years after being driven from JackWest. The Salt Lake Basin was at May we always remember it and may

son County, there were in Far West, that time regarded as an irredeemable we live worthily before him so that

Caldwell County, Missouri, one hunwaste. What has happened in this these blessings can come to all of us,

dred fifty dwellings, seven stores, six intermountain region, you already I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

blacksmith shops, two hotels, and a know. The desert has blossomed as a Amen.

gathered together against them to batus quote the words of Jesus Christ be Joseph. Certainly Joseph Smith fits

tle."He saw that the inhabitants of the which were given through his Prophet, all of the requirements.

young nation would win their indeNephi: Another phase of "a marvelous work

pendence from the mother nation and. "Therefore, I will proceed to do a and a wonder"would be the fulfilling

that they "... were delivered by the marvelous work among this people, yea, of the covenants made by the Lord with

power of God out of the hands of all a marvelous work and a wonder,..."the children of Israel. Nephi predicted

other nations."(Ibid., 13:1219.) (2 Nephi 27:26.) that at the time that Jehovah would

It is evident that Nephi saw in vision "For the time cometh, saith the Lamb establish his gospel among the Gentiles the coming of the Pilgrims and others, of God, that I will work a great and a in the land of promise he would rethe rise of the thirteen colonies, the marvelous work among the children of member the covenants he had made

Revolutionary War, and the establishmen; a work which shall be everlasting, with the house of Israel—the covenantment of the United States of America. either on the one hand or on the other—to return the Jews to Palestine, the coveAs his vision continued, he observed either to the convincing of them unto nant to establish Ephraim with the

that through the power of God this peace and life eternal, or unto the debirthright in the promised land, the young nation would become a free naliverance of them to the hardness of covenants with the Lamanites—and he

tion, a nation which would be "lifted their hearts and the blindness of their would fulfil all of these covenants.

up by the power of God above all other minds unto their being brought down Third, the record of the Nephites, nations."(Ibid., 13:30.) It would be into captivity, and also into destruction, the Book of Mormon, would be given

established in a "choice land above all both temporally and spiritually, accordto this American prophet. He would

lands,"the land which the Lord had ing to the captivity of the devil,..."translate and publish a book which

covenanted with Lehi to give to his (1 Nephi 14:7.) would contain the gospel of Jesus Christ.

seed for an inheritance. Now, what is this marvelous work and Nephi predicted that the words of this

Now, why should the Lord, as is a wonder prophesied about by both book will judge the inhabitants of the evidenced from what I have said, make Isaiah and Nephi? earth at the last day. (2 Nephi 25:18.)

the United States a free nation, a greater The Prophet Nephi tells us in detail And, fourth, the Book of Mormon, as and more powerful nation than any what this marvelous work is. First, he a portion of this "marvelous work and

other nation under heaven? declared that in the latter days and on a wonder,"would be given through the

Nephi gives us the exact reason. He this land of promise the Savior would seed of Ephraim—who would have the

said that in the latter days that Christ restore his gospel and establish his birthright—or as Nephi stated, through

was going to establish such a nation Church and kingdom. The true gospel the Gentiles, to the Jews, to the Laand people upon this the promised land of Jesus Christ would be revealed from manites, and to all of the dispersed of

so that he would have a place and a heaven to a prophet; and that prophet's the house of Israel, wherever they are

people where he would perform his name, according to Father Lehi, would throughout the world. This book

"marvelous work and a wonder."Let be Joseph and his father's name would would come forth to bear witness that

DECEMBER 1958 931 Thus the Eternal Father and his Only direct revelation from the Savior,

Begotten Son inaugurated this "marvelthe Qiurch of Jesus Christ of Latterous work and a wonder"with this day Saints, which was accepted by the greatest and most wonderful heavenly Master as his, declaring it to be "... the

manifestation that mortal man has seen only true and living church upon the in the latter days. face of the whole earth, with which I,

John the Revelator looked down the Lord, am well pleased,..."( D & C

through the stream of time and he saw 1:30.)

the day about which Nephi had Previous to this time Joseph Smith prophesied. He wrote: had received the Holy Melchizedek

"And I saw another angel fly in the Priesthood, also, as part of this marvelmidst of heaven, having the everlastous work and a wonder; and as time

ing gospel to preach unto them that passed he received through revelation dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and heavenly visitations all of the ordiand kindred, and tongue, and people, nances and doctrines necessary to the of the exaltation huthe salvation and voice, God, loud Fear a with "Saying family. for of man the to glory him; give hour and of "a phase important another As

is worship his and come: him judgment the wonder,"a and work marvelous earth, the that heaven, and and made that and he Prophet commanded was of waters."(Rev. sea, fountains the and the take should the members Church

14:6-7.) to of the Book gospel Mormon and if tells the that us reason Certainly peotongue, kindred, and nation, every of the is Savior Christ, the theJesus the Christ of were gospel upon Jesus heart, in honest ple, the searching out Bible, to the witness to a beworld, new there at have time would earth that that all covenants of the that in order to the gospel the proclaim to helpand "fly for to in the angel an need been no Isaac, Abraham, with been made had earth. the throughouthonest everlasting the of having heaven, midst of the of house others and and Jacob let prophecies these us see how Now, again. earth to to bring gospel"fulfilled. through Israel be Thus might of fulfilled. spring the In beenhave

1820, in the state of New York, a boy On September 21, 1823, that angel did this missionary work, Christ would fulnamed Joseph Smith retired to a grove fly in the midst of heaven. He apfil his covenants which he had made

of trees, and there he knelt down and peared to the Prophet Joseph Smith, with the children of men by sending prayed to his eternal Father, asking and declared himself to be the Angel his messengers throughout the earth, which of all the churches he should Moroni, the last of a great race of andeclaring the restoration of the gospel join. In answer to this prayer, one of cient Americans. He told Joseph Smith and proclaiming Jesus to be the Christ,

record sacred had that which about God heaven given under the only name heavenmarvelousthe most glorious and in the forth to be brought preserved Nephi (2 be saved. can latwhereby man that been has everly manifestations

the record years later days. ter was Four in 25:20.) who The honest eternal occurred. heart—those Theseen by man

gift the Prophet. to the Through given the Book of Mormon would receive apSon his Only BegottenFather and

peared to this boyprophet. The latter and power of God and the Urim and and the restored gospel and take upon

the translated Book he Thummim, of themselves the Christian jointold none of him to it published on March Mormon and ing his Church—-werethe name of Christsought byoutjoinof true Christ's Church thatchurches,

wasn't upon the earth, and that Joseph 26, 1830, thus fulfilling this portion of the world preparatory for the second had been selected to be an instrument the marvelous work and a wonder. coming of Christ, that his kingdom

in the hands of God through which the Eleven days later the Prophet Joseph might be fully established here upon true Church would be established. Smith established, as the result of a the earth.

The Book of Mormon in and of itself Later Peter, James, and John appeared"IN CONSEQUENCE OF is important because we have the hisand bestowed upon Joseph Smith and the people Cowdery the Melchizedek Priestwith to do that has who Oliver.'toryEVILS AND DESIGNS.. contithis, hood. the American lived upon

nent. In it we find the prophets of The Prophet Joseph was visited by

Joseph L. Wirthlin old indicating that Jesus Christ, the Elijah, the prophet of old, who gave

Presiding Bishop Son of God, would be upon this, the him the authority and direction whereby

American continent, which event took he was to go forward with the work for place when he appeared to the Nephites the dead, that families would have

President McKay, my brethren and after his resurrection. He organized the the opportunity of being sealed for time

sisters, I sincerely trust that the Lord Church, and gave them the same priviand eternity in our marvelous temples.

will give me the inspiration and the leges and opportunities that existed He was given many other revelations, desire I have in my heart to bear testiamong the people in Jerusalem. those that had to do with the organizamony to you that I know Joseph Smith Through Joseph Smith, we received tion of the Church itself, the Church of

was indeed a prophet, that he actually the priesthood, both the Aaronic and Jesus Christ as it existed over two saw the Father and the Son. There the Melchizedek. John the Baptist thousand years ago. It was called the

appeared to him an angel called Moroni, appeared to the Prophet and Oliver Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday and through Moroni, he received the Cowdery and bestowed upon them the Saints, by revelation.

golden plates from which the Book Aaronic Priesthood, the priesthood that He received many other revelations.

of Mormon was translated and made he held at the time he baptized the And I sincerely hope and trust, my available to the people of the world. Christ nearly two thousand years ago. brethren and sisters, that all of us will

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thereupon the Prophet Joseph Smith mountain of the Lord, and to the house I am alive that he is a prophet of God, inaugurated the greatest and most exof the God of Jacob; and he will teach one of the greatest that the world has

tensive missionary program that has us of his ways and we will walk in his known. I also solemnly bear witness

ever been known in the world. During paths: for the law shall go forth out of that all the presidents who have premore than one hundred years'time since Zion, and the word of the Lord from sided over the Church in this dispenthe Church was founded, thousands Jerusalem."(Micah 4:1-2.) sation, including our beloved President

and thousands of missionaries have The Salt Lake Temple stands on this David O. McKay, are prophets of the

proclaimed the everlasting gospel Temple Square not far distant from this true and living God. President McKay

throughout most of the world; and mistabernacle where we are assembled. It holds the keys of the kingdom, which

sionary activities are going forward is the house of the Lord; and so the keys and position of prophet, seer, and

today even at a greater momentum than Lord's house has been established in revelator, he shall continue to hold ever before. The honest in heart are the top of the mountains and exalted through divine appointment until death

being searched out, and the kingdom above the hills. Through the missionand then another will be appointed by

of God is being developed. ary program during the past hundred the Lord to replace him.

According to the word of the Lord years converts have been gathered from The holy prophets have declared that through his ancient prophets, Ephraim all nations of the earth. Many of the the kingdom of God has been estabwas to receive the birthright through Saints have made their homes in the lished, never to be taken from the earth

his father Joseph. Jacob gave his son valleys of the Rocky Mountains. As again, nor given to another people

Joseph a blessing in which he said: they have migrated here to build their thus Nebuchadnezzar's dream, interis fulfilled. Daniel, also being to preted as by they have The and come fruitful even is a a homes bough, "Joseph his set of general has kingdom to Salt attend City conheaven Lake up God well;fruitful a by whose bough

last in days, year, the say: these the twice earth ference they each upon "Come

... wall. the overbranches run

shall let destroyed: be never to and us the go "which mountain ye, and up

"The blessings of thy father have preof the Lord, to the house of the God the kingdom shall not be left to other vailed above the blessings of my proof Jacob; and he will teach us of his people."Like "the stone cut out of the

genitors unto the utmost bound of the ways,"that they might walk in his mountain without hands,"it shall roll shalleverlasting hills: they be on it earth. fills the forth until whole the path.

49:22, 26.) "(Gen.head of Joseph saints "the 3435.) 2:4445, (Dan. And The "Law of the Lord"has gone forth

If we select a spot away from Palesfrom Zion in the Doctrine and Coveof the Most High shall... possess the

tine, where could the utmost bound of nants, in the Book of Mormon, in the kingdom for ever, even for ever and the everlasting hills be better located Pearl of Great Price, and through the ever."(Ibid., 7:18.)

than here in the Rocky Mountains, inspired teachings of the holy prophets The climax of this whole marvelous centered here in Salt Lake City. This of this dispensation to confirm the work and a wonder will be the coming

certainly is the place. "Word of the Lord"which has gone of Jesus Christ through the clouds of

Micah looked down through the forth from Jerusalem in the Holy Bible. heaven to his kingdom to reign as King

stream of time and also made a conThus the prophecies made by these of kings and Lord of lords. (Rev. 19:16.)

firmatory prophecy. He said: ancient prophets have been and are To him shall be given "... dominion,

"But in the last days it shall come to being fulfilled. and glory, and a kingdom, that all

pass, that the mountain of the house In humility and from the depths of people, nations, and languages, should of the Lord shall be established in the my heart, I want to bear testimony that serve him."(Dan. 7:14.)

top of the mountains and it shall be I know that "a marvelous work and a These things I know through the exalted above the hills; and people shall wonder"has been established—the true power of the Holy Ghost which has

flow unto it. Church of Jesus Christ is here upon borne testimony to my heart; and I

"And many nations shall come, and the earth founded through the Prophet bear this testimony to you humbly in say, Come, and let us go up to the Joseph Smith. I know as I know that Jesus'name. Amen.

read these revelations and understand In section 89, the Doctrine and Coveendeavoring to sell to men and women what they mean to us as individuals nants, verse 4 it reads: over the country, regardless of age,

and what they can do for us in our "Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord alcohol and tobacco.

families and particularly in contact with unto you: In consequence of evils and In 1956, the American people spent

those not of our faith. designs which do and will exist in the $10,500,000,000 for alcohol. They spent

One revelation in particular I am inhearts of conspiring men in the last for tobacco in 1956, $5,373,000,000, terested in. It is called the Word of days, I have warned you, and forewarn proving the truth of this statement made

Wisdom. It was given to the Prophet you, by giving unto you this word of by the Prophet that in the last daysJoseph on February 27, 1833. This marwisdom by revelation—conspiring men would endeavor to ento that people suggest the courage and the to use with revelation do hadvelous in individuals the are some There

alcohol. use tobacco they should indiand also alcohol, andof tobacco and of feel that the Church who Word of poisons, these the the use two into our take should Oncated what we revelation, did not by come Wisdom approximately spent people American clean, sweet, and tobodies keep them it, in of the here words have but we

I to that you mention $16,000,000,000. strong.

it as revelareceived Lord. have the We $14,350,000,- only spent because it have we and a been hundred has Now, tion.

for education. been 000 have since the Prophet yearstwentyfive We

"-... said, In consequence he When less for education spending have than revelation this we marvelous gaveJoseph

to the world. It has taken medical of evils and designs which do and will for the use of tobacco and alcohol.

science a long time to discover that exist in the hearts of conspiring men in On a religious basis and for welfare tobacco and alcohol are not good for the last days...,"surely these are the purposes in the United States, we have

the body. last days when great companies are spent $3,356,000,000—a pproximately

DECEMBER 1958 933 This was given to the Prophet in tion. It is section 87 of the Doctrine

Hiram, Ohio, in March 1832. The Lord and Covenants and it reads:

realized then as the Church was organ- "Verily, thus saith the Lord conized, there must be an organization of cerning the wars that will shortly come some kind whereby those who were in to pass, beginning at the rebellion of need could be helped. He said there South Carolina, which will eventually

should be an organization, "... regulatterminate in the death and misery of

ing and establishing the affairs of the many souls;

storehouse... both in this place and "And the time will come that war in the land of Zion—will be poured out upon all nations,

The great welfare program was given beginning at this place."He could

first to the Prophet Joseph in the form only have known this through the of a revelation from our Heavenly revelations that were given to him by

Father. Now we find these storehouses the Lord. Then also He said, "For

all over Zion, and wherever you find behold, the Southern States shall be stakes, you also find these wonderful divided against the Northern States, and storehouses for the benefit and the asthe Southern States will call on other sistance of those who are in need. nations, even the nation of Great

This brings us to the conclusion, in Britain, as it is called, and they shall the final analysis, that Jesus Christ and also call upon other nations, in order the Father appeared to the Prophet to defend themselves against other naone-fifth of the amount we have spent Joseph and gave him the direction, tions; and then war shall be poured

for the use of tohacco and alcohol. inspiration, and the revelations that were out upon all nations.

Now please keep in mind this wonnecessary to organize the Church, not "And it shall come to pass, after many derful revelation was given to us 125 only to organize it, but to protect the days, slaves shall rise up against their years ago. At that time, medical science people and guide and direct them masters, who shall be marshaled and

had not given any consideration to the against all that is evil and contrary to disciplined for war."(D & C 87:1-4.)

use of tobacco and alcohol. So, we can the mind and will of our Heavenly In many cases I am quite sure we all

come to but one conclusion: Joseph Father. think this has to do particularly with

Smith received a revelation of the Lord In the Saturday Evening Post of Octothe slaves in the Southern States, but I whereby we are to protect ourselves ber 11, 1958, there appeared a wonderful believe, brethren and sisters, that it against these individuals who are statement on the establishment of the was intended that this referred to slaves anxious that young men and young welfare program. The world is beginall over the world, and I think of those,

women over the country shall use alning to recognize that the welfare proparticularly in the land of Russia and cohol and tobacco. gram is necessary and essential in other countries wherein they have been

There is another marvelous revelation assisting those who are in need of help, taken over by that great nation and given to the Prophet Joseph that has to be it food or clothing or whatnot. where the people are actually the slaves

do with the welfare program. This Joseph Smith actually received the of those individuals who guide and

wonderful revelation is found in The revelation whereby the great welfare direct the affairs of Russia and China,

Doctrine and Covenants, Section 78, program came into existence. The Lord and where the rights and the privilege

Verse 3: realized that the time would come when to worship God and to come to a

"For verily I say unto you, the time we would need it all over the land of knowledge that Jesus Christ is his Son has come, and is now at hand; and Zion, wherever our people are to be is denied them.

behold, and lo, it must needs be that found that we might be able to assist He also said, "And it shall come to there be an organization of my people, them and provide them with the necespass also that the remnants who are in regulating and establishing the affairs sities of life. left of the land will marshal themof the storehouse for the poor of my peoAnother marvelous revelation is one selves, and shall become exceedingly

ple, both in this place and in the land that is not encouraging, but nevertheless angry, and shall vex the Gentiles with of Zion—is true, and we must give it considera- a sore vexation.

THE SAINTS IN Iinstanceshad thisin summer,my life wasat thethe directionopportunityof tribulations,These peoplelosseshaveto undergo.had trialsI knowand

EUROPE President McKay, to visit our Saints in of one family in which all of the male

East Germany. We held a great conmembers'of that family for four generaHenry D. Moyle ference in the city of Leipzig. Into that tions just disappeared in the war. But

of the Council of the Twelve city came busloads of members of the those who were left behind, the mothers

Church from all of Saxony, from Dresand the children, remained true to the

My brethren and sisters, I am grateden, Freiburg, Chemnitz, Stuttgart, faith. There are people there today

ful for this opportunity to bear my testiPlauen, as far away as Mecklenberg. who have had membership in the

mony to you today and to bring to you I have never seen an exhibition of Church for more than fifty years, men a message from those who claim memgreater unity, of greater devotion one to and women whom I knew when I was bership in the Church, who are part of another, nor have I ever seen a greater on my mission in 1909 and 1910 in that this great society of friends in the world appreciation in the hearts of my brethvery country, men and women who have living under circumstances much less ren and sisters for the restored gospel withstood the persecutions heaped upon favorable than those under which we of Jesus Christ. I think you would have them not only from outside but from

live. to live the experience in order to apprewithin and have stayed true to the

I believe one of the most inspiring ciate what I am trying to say to you. Church.

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And thus, with the sword and by In thinking of these nations, there is to God and to his Son Jesus Christ, bloodshed the inhabitants of the earth another marvelous revelation given by there is no question but that the Lord shall mourn; and with famine, and one of the prophets over three thousand will help us solve our problems and

plague, and earthquake, and the thunder years ago, from Proverbs, Chapter 6, give us the guidance and the direction of heaven, and the fierce and vivid Verses 16, 17, 18, and 19, wherein that we need.

lightning also, shall the inhabitants of Solomon said: Then, finally, he said this, "Wherethe earth be made to feel the wrath, "These six things doth the Lord hate: fore, stand ye in holy places, and be not

and indignation, and chastening hand yea, seven are an abomination unto moved, until the day of the Lord come;

of an Almighty God, until the conhim: for behold, it cometh quickly, saith the

sumption decreed hath made a full end "A proud look, a lying tongue, and Lord. Amen."(Ibid., 87:8.)

of all nations;"(Idem, 5-6.) hands that shed innocent blood, As I think of this statement, "stand

In the matter of famine and plague "An heart that deviseth wicked imye in holy places,"I wonder what these and earthquakes, we can go back to aginations, feet that be swift in running holy places are. I am sure these holy

World War I, where 40,000,000 indito mischief. places, one of which, brethren and

viduals lost their lives either through "A false witness that speaketh lies, sisters, could be our own homes if we the war or through famine or plague. and he that soweth discord among are prayerful, if we are teaching our

And in the world war just passed brethren."sons and daughters to know that God

wherein our own nation was involved, This statement by Solomon, thousands lives, to know that Jesus Christ is his we lost 408,789 of our men. In Korea, of years ago, was given for the inSon, to know that Joseph Smith actually

we lost 33,629. formation that in the last days some of saw the Father and the Son, if we have

The Prophet Joseph gave us this marthese individuals who lead and guide our prayers day and night, if the whole velous revelation in 1832. The Civil and direct nations would have in their family has the knowledge and the testiWar came in 1861; the war between hearts, "A proud look, a lying tongue, mony that God actually lives, and the

Denmark and Prussia in 1864; Italy and and hands that shed innocent blood."Lord will help us solve our problems

inAustria 1865 Austria 1866; and and should them. overcome and homes Our of events think the that have As we

inPrussia in Russia 1866; place. Turkey holy and holy be a is the There last place taken years, in the wonder we

in place 1877; China and go once a 1894 and Japan where week we may or are these not whether the individuals

1895; SpanishAmerican in 1898; Japan who are going to cause the great world and partake of the Sacrament and be

in 1904and Russia 1905; gospel the and of the World Lord Jesus war which sometime will come before taught

I in 19141918; then next the to those are assigned war Christ byWar who the Christ appears.

comparatively a small one, give Ethiopia uswas us teach and knowledge more is to our going position? be What Italy, in the that people the gospel.and about when

is is yours and mine? what What What is ofland over Ethiopia place, of course, were taken the holy and Another

is of that of the the world? membership I Italy.controlled grateful of to buildings wonderful by am temple—these is that all of of the membership What that their the Lordthe Christ they Lord wherein have Jesus can now we

of believe in those as the Jesus whofreedom. the together, just father sealed go Then, and be and World War

of In revelation the Son marvelous God? of course, for and, thepassed mother, daughters, sons time Korean and War.

to given in the Prophet Joseph the Doceternity. of this In place, Russia, nations holy These China, and we

trine section verse Covenants, 88, 126, & Israel, for Syria, the did Arabia, the Egypt, dead can work do who this: he said privileges are these of nations oppornot the have same and nowLebanon—allKorea,

in an attitude of war of some kind. Just "Pray always, that ye may not faint, tunities that you and I have had.

what the results are going to be, I do until I come, behold, and lo, I will I do testify to you that Joseph Smith not know. Of course, from the revelacome quickly, and receive you unto mywas a prophet who saw the Father and

tions we can and do know that some self. Amen."the Son and other heavenly beings in

day there will be one great war in a So, if we are loyal and devoted to establishing the priesthood and organcertain area, that area possibly may be Jesus Christ, if we live the gospel as izing the Church of Jesus Christ of in and around some of these countries we should, if we are sweet and clean, Latterday Saints. May all the world

I have mentioned, probably around and if war and difficulties come, as he accept this testimony, I pray humbly,

Israel. said, "Pray always,"for if we will pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

As I understand it, there are many Iron Curtain, a young man by the name Brother Burkardt and of their love and people, almost every day, leaving East of Henry Burkardt. I met him five years affection for him. He has all of the

Germany for West Germany, and so ago. I marvelled then at his faith, his attributes of a great leader. And there

one of the questions that I propounded loyalty, and his devotion to the Church. he stands, practically alone so far as

to many of the Saints with whom I had Then he was unmarried. Now he is help from the outside is concerned.

the opportunity of talking, was the married and has a family, and the Lord Those people would like to know question as to whether or not they did has magnified him in his calling as first what we are doing here today. They

not desire to come out of East Germany counselor to the mission president of the look forward to our general conferences, and to migrate West. Without a single North German Mission, President Burtis never to know what happens here, never

exception in that group in Leipzig, they Robbins. He has served in this capacity to have any conference reports, except

all said that they felt that their place under several mission presidents. I had in rare instances, and all they know is

was to be in their own native country. a meeting there that lasted all one Satwhat they hear occasionally, when our

They wanted to stay there. They urday, with the missionaries, the local mission president finds it possible to

wanted to help build up the Church. missionaries, with the branch presidents, go behind the Iron Curtain and to meet

They wanted to do missionary work with the district presidents, of those with them for a day or two, not oftener among their neighbors and their friends. branches and districts, and every one than twice a year. And then in those

We have a great leader behind the of them bore witness to the devotion of meetings, there is so much business to

DECEMBER 1958 935 those people in twentynine years. Well, tles, when the brethren visited Caesarea.

they just could not come up and shake This was after Paul's conversion:

hands with you without expressing their "Then had the churches rest throughgratitude, with tears coming into their out all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, eyes. They wanted all of them to share and were edified; and walking in the

what little they had there to eat, with fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of us. I tell you, it would have done all the Holy Ghost, were multiplied."

your hearts good if you had been there (Acts 9:31.)

to see them. I do not know how the situation in

I realized as never before, the extent Europe could be described better, beto which our Saints in Europe sustain cause that is exactly what is happening.

President McKay as a true prophet of Then I turned to the words of Paul in

God. Those who attended the London his statement to the Corinthians, which

Temple dedication and heard his inapplies so definitely to the conditions spired dedicatory prayer need no one of these wonderful Saints back of the to tell them that he is a prophet of Iron Curtain:

God. They knew it as they met and "We are troubled on every side, yet

associated with him. They received the not distressed; we are perplexed, but not

witness that he is guided by inspiration in despair;

and revelation in leading the Church. "Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast

transact, that he has little opportunity Everywhere in Europe the Church down, but not destroyed."(II Cor. 4:8-

to tell of the progress of the Church. seems to be progressing, growing and 9.)

I was very much impressed with the developing, and multiplying. And so These brethren and sisters are part

thought that there had not been a Genmy thoughts turned to the words which and parcel of this great organization, eral Authority enter into the lives of are to be found in the Acts of the Aposthis society of friends, of Saints, to

Saturday Morning session, This has been a glorious six months in basis of peace? Is it based on a balance

October 11, 1958 association with these men. They have of power? I think that each one of us

been kind, considerate, and helpful. would have to answer that it is none of

PEACE AND Whenthey bringyou andconsiderthe manythe variedwalks talentsof life temporarythese, and measures.that at best they are but

I try this group based is peace on? when of men represent, May WhatBROTHERHOOD that

I illustrate strength a story the individual it with with and to which you know

Albert Theodore Tuttle powerthing tothatmetheyto seebring,the itharmonious,is a marvelousinthinkis entitledmany"Abramof you andare Zimri"acquainted.by ClarIt

of the First Council of the Seventy telligent unity that exists among these ence Cook. Two brothers farmed tobrethren. gether. Abram had a wife and seven

And as I understand it, it is the missons. Zimri lived alone. At harvest

President McKay, my beloved brothers sion of the Church to develop and extime the crop was divided equally.

and sisters: This has been a glorious tend this unity and brotherhood Zimri lay in bed and thought: "Here

six I, just feed, in fact throughout not the world. to the while one mouth am

peace chalthe brotherthat wife has a months—gloriousI have been able to meet and Abram How can many come without brothermy

lenges which almost daily pertain to hood? What is peace? Is peace the sons. I must go to the field and share

this call, but glorious in the opportunity cessation of hostilities? Is peace a cold, my half with my brother, Abram."So

of teaching the gospel and of meeting rather than a hot war? Is peace cohe girded himself and went down and

with the Saints. May I take this occaexistence? Is peace to live and let live? gave a generous third of his portion to

sion to express my gratitude to those Is peace a relationship based on force? his brother.

who have been so kind and hospitable Is peace servitude and slavery based on Abram, on the other hand, thought to me. power? What is it that brings peace: that same night: "Here am I with a

I would like to extend my personal arms, bombs, pacts, arbitration, and wife and seven sons—someone to share

welcome to President Critchlow and compromise? What perpetuates peace: my load and to work with me. Here is

Elder Dyer. I know the reception they armies and navies, planes and missiles, my brother, Zimri, he works alone and

are going to receive from these Brethren. and antimissile missiles? What is the has no one to help. I shall gird myself

HAPPINESS A sisters,PresidentpleaseMcKay,do not myholdbrothersanythingandI eralI feelAuthoritiesa good dealof thelike Church.that elder whom

BYPRODUCT OF may say against me this morning. I am I called to be the president of a quorum

SERVICE stillfully,inmya partialsenses stateare dulledof shock.by aTruthsense Critchlow,last week. I Heam said,not worthy"Oh, Presidentof that

I of that shall able not to be measure honor. I do not such up fear—fearWilliam /. Critchlow, Jr. to stature of responsibility."to these the measure up I took the him by hand

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve men whom you have sustained as Genand said, "You can do it. I want you

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which we all belong. I have no hesimanifest through our elders in the miswork, as I remember it, of less than six

tancy in stating that we constitute the sion fields, our sons and our daughters, months. And that is the report that we

greatest society of brethren and sisters will overcome all the obstacles that the get all over Europe.

the world has ever known, and if that Adversary can put in their way and the I tell you it is a privilege, my brethwere not true, I am sure it will shortly work of the Lord will go forth and we ren and sisters, to be able to bear witbe brought to pass, because that is what will be multiplied, we will be edified, ness to the world of that testimony the Lord wills of us, his people. I am and we will have the comfort of the which has come into our hearts. Joy

further satisfied that there was never a Holy Ghost in our work. and satisfaction beyond measure is

time in the history of the world when I tell you, the message that we bear reaped by those of us who are able thus the Lord had bestowed upon his servto the world that God lives and that to do.

ants a greater power than is manifest Jesus is the Christ, is bearing fruit in I know that God lives, that he has in the leadership of the Church of Jesus every land and in every city. Cities and given to us, his children, that light

Christ of Latterday Saints today. It is countries which heretofore have turned and knowledge by which we can unnot only found in our great Prophet a deaf ear to us are now opening their derstand and appreciate God and his

leader, but it is found in the mission doors, and it is difficult for us to find ways, and through obedience thereto field, in the lives and in the works of meeting places large enough to accombe brought back, eternally, into his kingthe missionaries. I am sure that mismodate the crowds of investigators. dom, saved and exalted with his peosionaries in the world have never been I must tell you one instance. Just a ple. I pray the Lord that we may all

blessed to a greater degree than are the few months ago we went into the city so live that we may emulate the exammissionaries today throughout the world, of Innsbruck, up in the mountains of ple of our leaders and teach his everand I am also conscious of the fact that Austria, a city in which I understand lasting gospel to our friends and our the Adversary is mindful of this, and we have never previously done missionneighbors and thus become saviors upon is not inactive in seeking to thwart the ary work. I had the privilege of speakMount Zion as we save the souls of our

purposes of our Heavenly Father. ing to a branch there of some twenty fellow men, which I pray humbly, in

The power of the priesthood made Saints and over thirty investigators, the Jesus'name. Amen.

and go down to the field and share my plan of our Heavenly Father from the nor any manner of -ites; but they were

portion with him."And he took a beginning, and it is no illusion. It has in one, the children of Christ, and heirs

generous third and put it with Zimri's worked. We all know the story of to the kingdom of God."(4 Nephi 15sheaves. The next morning the sheaves Enoch who taught this gospel plan to 17.)

were the same. his brethren, and when it was accepted Now, this blessed condition is attainThe next night, determined to change they lived happily—so much so that able today, but it is attainable only

it, Zimri went again to the field and the Lord walked and talked with them, upon the basis of accepting God as carried another third from his pile to and took them. Father and all men as brothers and livhis brother, Abram's, and then lay in A similar unity of brotherhood ocing the plan of salvation. My testimony

the field to watch. Soon Abram came curred on this continent after the Lord is that this plan, which the Lord introand took his sheaves and put them with had been here and taught his gospel to duced in the beginning with Adam, and

his brother's share. Then Clarence the Nephites. I quote the account of that has successfully brought about true

Cook closes with these words: "And the condition that existed for two hunbrotherhood in the past, has been reZimri arose and caught him in his arms, dred years afterward: stored; that the priesthood that actiand wept upon his neck, and kissed his "And it came to pass that there was vates it and operates it is in our midst,

check; and Abram saw the whole, and no contention in the land, because of and that the leaders thereof in this

could not speak; neither could Zimri, the love of God which did dwell in the Church are servants of our Heavenly

for their hearts were full."hearts of the people. Father. This plan is bringing about a

Now, as I read the record of history, "And there were no envyings, nor true brotherhood in this day and it is there is but one force strong enough to strifes, nor tumults, nor whoredoms, nor up to you and me to make it function motivate a universal acceptance of lyings, nor murders, nor any manner of even more perfectly. To show our apbrotherhood. That is, the acceptance lasciviousness; and surely there could preciation for the privilege we have of

of the Fatherhood of God and the dinot be a happier people among all the belonging to this great brotherhood, vine Sonship of his Son, Jesus Christ, people who had been created by the may we be ever willing to share it and thence all men as brothers. This hand of God. with all of our brothers and sisters, I

has been the power that has united "There were no robbers, nor murhumbly ask in the name of Jesus Christ.

men in the past. This has been the derers, neither were there Lamanites, Amen.

to do it."He accepted. McKay took my hand in just about the burning. She has trained our children,

Yesterday, noon, when President Mcsame way as I took that elder's hand and has done a marvelous job. Our

Kay interviewed me for this position, and said, "You can do it. I want you family has come first. The Lord en-

I found myself not only feeling like to take it. Now, go tell your wife."trusted us with precious spirits, and he

that elder but also talking like him and I have a good wife, a lovely wife, who expects their parents to care for them, telling him that I was not worthy and has sustained me and supported me and that is what we—my wife and Ithat I did not measure up to the rethrough the years—nearly a quarter of a have tried to do. We have tried not

sponsibilities of the calling. President century. She has kept the home fires to neglect our Church work.

DECEMBER 1958 937 youth, is the president of a ward Relief he gave youth when he was the execuSociety in one of the wards here in Salt tive of our Boy Scout Council in the

Lake City. They have all been marOgden area.

ried in the temple. I am proud of Now, my brothers and sisters, I have

them. learned through experience that much

When Dr. Widtsoe set me apart as of the real joy that comes into one's life,

stake president, he promised me that I comes as a byproduct of service. I

should be successful. If I have attained think I shall have to explain that term

any measure of success, it is reflected in byproduct. Let me illustrate it. One

my family. I am one of those who like winter evening—a blizzard raged outto believe that the real measure of sucside—I had just settled in a cozy chair

cess is a man's family. with a newspaper and a book, to spend

My brothers and sisters, I have a a comfortable evening at home. My

strong testimony of the gospel. I have wife interrupted my pleasure, saying,

finish teachconviction your ward if you Rich- "Daddy, which President WisliP that at teaching ards that President the spoke of yesterday, time) ward ing (I was

David O. McKay is a prophet of God, you will have to do it tonight, for toMy children, all three of them, will and I so sustain him. I love that man. morrow night you have this, the next

support me. I had anticipated a release We love him in Ogden. All Weber night you have that. Get it done,

as a stake president soon, and my wife County loves him. He is our own. He Daddy, tonight!"And then to strengthen

and I had planned to circulate around is from Weber County and maintains her request she brought me my coat—among some of our friends and our a part time residence there. And we and hat and sent me forth.

kin with whom we have not mingled loved his brother, whose place I seem Well, that's the kind of a wife I have.

for a long time. Well, Mama—our to be taking among the Assistants to the Now, it was not pleasant, and I was

plans will have to be changed, but I Twelve. I hope that in time the people not happy about going out in the storm

know you will not complain, nor will of Weber County may come to respect to do that ward teaching. It was such

my children. and love me as they loved Thomas E. a stormy night, snowing and blowing,

My youngest son, not too long out McKay. but I went. I walked down the street,

of his teens, is a counselor to a bishop There is another one of the General a mother across the way, holding a in one of the Ogden stakes. My other Authorities whom the people of Weber critically ill baby saw me enter a home.

son graduated this spring from a law County love and respect, and he is PresiShe recognized me when the door was school in Washington, D. C; while dent S. Dilworth Young of the First opened and the light silhouetted me.

there he served in the stake mission as Council of the Seventy. There are many She phoned and asked if I would come

an assistant to Elder Benson's son, who young men in Weber County, and and administer to her baby. I sought

was the president of the Washington many parents who will be eternally help and complied. She was a young

Stake mission. My daughter, despite her grateful to President Young for the help mother whose husband had been drafted

wonderful man, your life suddenly beThis young man who called me alcomes bare, and then there is a surge most five minutes after President Mcsaid, of yesterday over gratitude you, a "Bishop, that comes Kay called I am"BE NOT WEARY in gratitude of the personone used not because to be you have rascals who

IN WELLDOING"ally been called to serve but because your priests class. I have been made a

you have inherent in your heart a desire bishop, and I need some help. Will

to serve, and I am so grateful for that you spend some time with me today?"

Alvin R. Dyer feeling. It is not because of any abiliAnd I had the great joy of spending

ties that I may have that I have accepted some time with him yesterday. But I

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve the call, but because it is in my heart feel the same way that he felt. I need

to serve the Lord. some help, and I know, my brethren

I think it was Nathaniel Baldwin, the and sisters, from the many opportunigreat philanthropist, a very generous ties that have come to me to serve the

Early yesterday morning I received giver, who made the statement that he Lord, that if I will do my part, the two very important telephone calls. One was grateful not so much for the ability Lord will bless me, will lift me up,

was from President McKay, and the to give as for the desire he had to give. and give me the strength and the unother was from a young man who was I recall so vividly the Lord, in speaking derstanding to accomplish the work that

a priest in my class when I was a bishop. to the tired, worn, and weary Saints in is before me.

The time that passed from President the early days in Missouri, when he said I think one of the great sermons that

McKay's call until I reached his office unto them, in substance: "Be not weary has been delivered in this Church was

seemed almost like an eternity, but in in well doing, for you are laying the delivered at Far West, Missouri, when actuality it was only about thirty minfoundation of a great work, and the Heber C. Kimball delivered what is

utes. I can assure you, my brethren Lord requires the willing heart,"(see known in our writings as the "clay

and sisters, that it is a moment of D & C 64:3334) and then he proceeded sermon,"and in it he said that we

great pressure as well as inspiration to to say that if you do not have a willing should be as clay to be molded as the sit closely facing the President of our heart to serve you are not of the blood Lord would mold us, and to do the will

Church, a prophet of God in this disof Ephraim. So, I am grateful in my of the Lord. His sermon was acclaimed

pensation, and be called to serve in such heart for the desire to serve the Lord by the Prophet Joseph Smith as one of a capacity as this. in whatever capacity I may be called the great contributions to the DispenAs you look into the face of this to serve. sation of the Fulness of Times in the

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into the army. She was living alone announcement a little girl arose and leather were tied on his feet with rags.

in a neighborhood where she was practold a story about happy shoes. This The servants went their way.

tically unknown. She needed help, and is not the way she told it, but this is What they never knew, however, was

the baby needed a blessing. the way I seem to have heard it. this: The next day someone brought

Back in my home, later that night, I Once upon a time, there was a king him a sixteeninch long carton. He

sat again in my comfortable chair and in a land overseas where the people opened it carefully. There on top was

resumed my newspaper reading. Preswere unhappy. I suppose they had been an overcoat. Under the coat was some

ently a feeling came into my soul that at war and were hungry and cold, and underwear, and on the bottom of the you brethren know all about, a feeling the king was therefore unhappy. There package was a pair of shoes. He picked

of joy. I did not go out that night was a tradition in the land that somethe shoes up and hugging them to his

seeking that joy—it came to me as a where in this little kingdom was a pair bosom said, "I have the happy shoes."

byproduct of my service. Happiness, of happy shoes, and whosoever should He then tore the rags from his feet and,

much of it, is a byproduct of service. wear them would be happy. So the thrusting his feet into the shoes, he

Let me illustrate again. One morning, king sent out his soldiers and servants felt something. He took it out. It was

soon after the war, the coordinator in in search of the happy shoes. Day a note, which read: "From your friend,

our welfare region, came to one of my after day they sought them, and then John Doe, blank address, Ogden, Utah."

wards and made an announcement. He one evening as two of the servants were He sat down and wrote a tearstained

reported that our government had made returning to the king's palace, they letter to John Doe which he concluded it possible for us to send to our kin and passed a hut from which came the by saying, "I am the happiest man in friends in Europe small packages of strains of a song. Now, the people in the world. I have the happy shoes."

clothing and food which these overseas this kingdom were in no mood for But he was not the happiest man in the folks sorely needed. He said, "Clean up singing. These servants had not enworld. You know who was. When

some old clothes, bring them to the countered it before. When they heard John Doe, blank address, Ogden Utah,

storehouse where they will be packaged this song, they stopped to listen. You received that tearstained letter, he also

in sixteeninch cartons and sent to your know the song. These are the words: shed tears of joy and deep down in his

kin and friends overseas."How the "We thank you O God, for a prophet, heart he sincerely believed that he

members of our Church responded to To guide us in these latter days."John Doe—was the happier man, for

that general request you folks well know. Before the song was ended, they the moment at least.

He further related an incident of the rushed into the hut and found there an Brothers and sisters, I testify to you previous day—when the news was inielderly man sitting alone by candlethat happiness is a byproduct of servtially released, which involved a man light. They said, "You sing. Are you ice. May the Lord bless us all and may

who hearing the good news promptly happy?"He answered, "Yes, I am he bless me in particular that I may

even on the spot—shed his overcoat and happy.""Then let us have your shoes,"have the strength and the courage to

said, "Send that."Then he went out they said. "You must have the happy carry on successfully in this new calling,

and bought a pair of shoes and said, shoes."They immediately discovered I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

"Send these."After the coordinator's that he had no shoes. Fragments of Christ. Amen.

reflection of the attitude that we should when I served as bishop, and in other that I think of now as I gird for the have in serving the Lord. positions in the Church, always enresponsibility that will be mine in this

It seems natural, my brethren and couraging me to perform my responsicalling.

sisters, at a time like this, to reflect with bilities, and always seemingly making President McKay has always been a gratitude on the many influences that it easy for me to do so. I am grateful great ideal of mine. I have always

come into your life. I think of my to her for her great faith and devotion. looked up to him, tried to assimilate

grandparents and have since yesterday I got so used to having her by my side some of the great characteristics which morning, of their great devotion in acthat recently as I have traveled to a he has. You cannot be in his presence

cepting the gospel and coming across number of MIA conventions I have and hold his hand, and have him pierce the waters many years ago. The other found myself nudging Sister Bennett or your countenance with his wonderful

day I had a letter from my brother who Sister Longden, thinking that my wife eyes without feeling truly that here is is now serving a mission in England, was still by my side. a prophet of God. I am grateful for

and he said that he had visited an old I am grateful to my fine stalwart President McKay; for President Richchurch in Coventry, England, and there son, whom I have never heard utter a ards, with whom I became so closely

on a stone plaque are engraved the word of profanity; for his clean life, associated in missionary work, and for

words: "The Church of the Dyer Guild."and for his great zeal to seek for an his great devotion and faith and de-

I am grateful, as I reread this letter, in education; now at Brigham Young Unitermination to serve the Lord even

the knowledge that we have had the versity, and who has a desire to go on against adversity; and for President

great privilege of doing the temple work a mission. I am grateful for my wonClark who has expressed so many kindfor more than three thousand of this derful daughter. These are our two nesses to me and my family.

guild. children, but they are wonderful, and I am grateful to these men, my breth-

I am grateful to my grandparents I am grateful for them and for their ren and sisters, and to the others of who eventually made this possible, and love of the gospel and for their support the General Authorities, all of whom I to my mother and father, who are not of our work. know, and many of them intimately.

here upon the earth, but whose influ- I am grateful to Nephi L. Morris, I am grateful for them. I sustain them

ence I feel today, for their faith and who was once my stake president, and with all my heart, and will endeavor their great love of the gospel. I am so Bishop Edwin F. Parry, and George to do their bidding and to follow their

eternally grateful for my missionary Lund, my scoutmaster; grateful for my wishes and desires as I go forward in

companion wife, who stood by my side, brother Gus who has always lived by a this work.

not only in the mission field, but also high spiritual concept. These are men I am grateful for my associates in the

DECEMBER 1958 939 MIA. I do not, as yet, have my bags the integrity of our young people, and

unpacked from the mission field, but I know of the great responsibilities that am grateful for the time that I have devolve upon this organization to carry had with these wonderful men and that work forward.

women who are so devoted to the cause I have a testimony of the gospel of of youth, for I feel very strongly the Jesus Christ. I know that it is true.

great obligation we have to preserve I know with every fiber of my being

Today you have participated in that given these leaders was most spectacuestablished pattern of the call to high lar. Full authority was given them as

service. You have taken part in a the Redeemer said: "He that receiveth

meaningful procedure. You have seen you receiveth me."(Ibid., 10:40.) "All

the filling of a vacancy in high places. power is given unto me in heaven and

Some weeks ago Elder Clifford E. Young, in earth: Go... teach all nations...

Assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve to observe all things whatsoever I have

SEARCH THE Apostles, passed away after a glorious commanded you."(Ibid., 28:1820.)

SCRIPTURES missand eventfulhim. Weperiodall oflovedservice.him.We Hisall followedThis samein theprocedurefilling mustof thehavevacancybeen

contribution was monumental. Now made by Judas'death. The need for

Spencer W. Kimball comes the filling of the vacancy and replacement explained by Peter:

are seeing of the "Beginning from baptism you the revelations of theof the Council of the Twelve manifest. Lord John, unto that day that made he was same

The same steps are followed as inditaken up from us, must one be ordained cated above: to be a witness with us of his resurMy brothers and sisters: Attendance 1st: The death of Elder Young vacated rection."(Acts 1:22.)

at this conference is a great privilege. a position which needed filling; Matthias was chosen through a proThis historic tabernacle filled to capa2nd: Through a process followed by cess of elimination. Our record is

city, mostly with Church leaders is an the President of the Church, whose aubrief but it seems that the Apostles had evidence of the spectacular growth of thority is unquestioned, Elder Critchlow eliminated all other brethren of the the Church. Every week there are many has been chosen through prophecy and Church down to the two, then asked

changes in leadership in stakes, wards, the revelations of the Lord; for the final revelation from God:

branches, and missions. Good people 3rd: The prophet has officially called "And they appointed two, Joseph,

are released and others are sustained in this good man to service; called Barsabas... and Matthias.

their places, sometimes because of death 4th: You, the constituent assembly of "And they prayed, and said, Thou,

or moving, often to relieve those who are the Church, with full authority to act Lord, which knowest the hearts of all ill or weary; frequently to give others for the Church, have approved the men, shew whether of these two thou

opportunity to serve. This has gone choice, and hast chosen,

forward since the beginning of time 5th: Soon after the conference Elder "... and the lot fell upon Matthias.

and the Lord's program has not varied Critchlow will be officially set apart to..."(Ibid., 1:2326.)

much through the centuries. his new responsibility by the prophet "... and he was numbered with the

Two General Authorities visit a stake himself, or under his direction. eleven apostles."(Idem, 26.)

conference and return having installed It is interesting to note that even in Next, the voice of the people was unone good man to replace another who olden times much the same procedure doubtedly given for they were in conhas served well and made a noteworthy was followed. Unfortunately, all the ference assembled.

contribution. steps are not always recorded but there And Matthias was associated with the

The process follows a rather definite is considerable evidence that they were apostles and went forward in his minpattern: taken. The "anointing"of ancient days istry.

1st: The need for the new leader; seems to have been much the same and The Apostle Paul was called to the

2nd: The leader is chosen through the closely associated with the setting apart apostleship. The original revelation

process of elimination by prophecy and of today, with the accompanying blessfrom the Lord sent him to a high Church revelation; ing. leader for his call and charge and au3rd: The newly chosen one is offiThe first apostles were called by the thority. Ananias feared the new leader

cially called by one with unquestionable Lord: "Come follow me,"he said, "and because of the havoc he had played

authority; I will make you fishers of men."This among the Saints, but the revelation

4th: He is presented to a constituent was more than a casual statement. It was specific:

assembly of the people, and was a definite call. "... Go thy way: for he is a chosen

5th: He is ordained or set apart by the "And they straightway left their nets, vessel unto me, to bear my name before

laying on of hands by those who are and followed him."(See Matt. 4:1920.) the Gentiles, and kings, and the chilfully authorized. "For he taught them as one having dren of Israel:"

And this is in keeping with our fifth authority."(Ibid., 7:29.) "And when And that authorized leader baptized

Article of Faith: he had called unto him his twelve Paul and laid his hands on his head,

"We believe that a man must be disciples, he gave them power...."through which came the Holy Ghost,

called of God, by prophecy, and by the (Ibid., 10:1.) This included their comthe call and the blessing. His setting

laying on of hands, by those who are mission to preach and perform ordiapart made a noticeable change in him.

in authority to preach the Gospel and nances. It included the setting apart, As he preached in the synagogues

administer in the ordinances thereof."the charge,- the blessing. The promise "... all that heard him were amazed

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that Jesus Christ is a reality; that he Prophet of God; that in reality he did and that if we will be faithful and true

is the Son of God; that he is divine; see God the Father, and his Son Jesus in it, and serve him as we ought to,

that he is not an ethereal substance; that Christ, and that he has given to us adjusting our lives to the things that

he is a glorified resurrected Being, as he through divine bestowals all of the are needful, we will find the joy that is proclaimed to be by the Prophet needed things to bring exaltation, joy, he has promised; and I leave this testiJoseph Smith. and happiness to mankind. mony with you in the name of Jesus

I bear record that Joseph Smith is a And I know that this is his Church, Christ. Amen.

...""... Saul increased the more in may shew thee the word of God."also among the prophets?"(Idem 11.)

strength...."(Ibid., 9:15, 21, 22.) (Ibid., 9:27.) Who has not watched the transformaEvery Bible reader is aware of the Saul was most humble in accepting tion of a newly set apart person to high

great power which came to Paul with and said: responsibility? Who has not seen men

bis call, charge, and ordination to his "... Am not I a Benjamite, of the already great rise to new plateaus of

apostolic post. smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my superior attainment braced with the auThe call to Barnabas and Saul to do family the least of all the families of thority, the keys, the mantle? And

specific work was noteworthy. The the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then conversely, who has not seen the loss in

revelation to the Church leaders came: speakest thou so to me?"(Idem, 9:21.) stature, influence and power after a

"Separate me Barnabas and Saul for Years later when Saul had turned great leader has relinquished the reigns the work whereunto I have called arrogant through years of power and of direction, and the mantle of authority them."(Ibid., 13:2.) The presiding might, Samuel denounced him: diverted to other shoulders? It is not

authorities now fasted and prayed in "When thou wast little in thine own imaginary but very real.

the selection and having made the call, sight, wast thou not made the head of Now the people were given opporthey laid their hands on the two breththe tribes of Israel, and the Lord tunity to sustain their king:

ren, setting them apart to go to Cyprus anointed thee king over Israel?"(Ibid., "And Samuel called the people toand elsewhere. 15:17.) gether... and said... See ye him

Even among the kings the Lord seems Now came the setting apart and whom the Lord hath chosen, that there to have followed the pattern. It appears blessing: is none like him among all the people?

that the Old Testament Saul became "Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and And all the people shouted, and said, king of Israel after this manner. The poured it upon his [Saul's] head, and God save the king."(Idem 1724.)

people came to Samuel rejecting the kissed him, and said, Is it not because This presentation to the people was former program of judges. They dethe Lord hath anointed thee to be capan important element and like that

manded a king like their idolatrous tain over his inheritance?"(Ibid., 10:1.) specified in modern revelation:

neighbor nations, and the Lord yielded With this came a great blessing which, "The elders are to receive their lito their persistence: like all blessings, are conditional upon censes from other elders, by vote of the

"Hearken unto the voice of the peoworthiness, a blessing which remained church to which they belong, or from ple in all that they say unto thee: for with Saul only so long as he remained the conferences.

they have not rejected thee, but they righteous. "No person is to be ordained to any

have rejected me...."(I Sam 8:7.) The blessing continued: office in this church, where there is a

"Now the Lord had told Samuel in "And the Spirit of the Lord will come regularly organized branch of the same, his ear a day before Saul came, saying, upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with without the vote of that church."(D

"To morrow... I will send thee a them, and shall be turned into another & C 20:63, 65.)

man out of the land of Benjamin, and man. Apparently Saul chose other strong

thou shalt anoint him...."(Ibid., "And let it be... that thou do as men for his court who likely were set

9:1516.) occasion serve thee; for God is with apart as well, for the record states:

Next, the person was specified by thee."(Idem 6-7; italics author's.) "And Saul also went home to Gibeah;

revelation: "And it was so, that when he had and there went with him a band of men,

"And when Samuel saw Saul, the turned his back to go from Samuel, whose hearts God had touched."( I Sam.

Lord said unto him, Behold the man God gave him another heart: and all 10:26; italics author's.)

whom I spake to thee of!..."(Idem, those signs came to pass that day. Now that the new leader was chosen,

17.) "And when they came thither to the called, set apart, and sustained by his

Then came the official call from the hill, behold, a company of prophets people with their votes expressed in prophet: met him; and the spirit of God came their cry: "God save the king,"the

"And on whom is the desire of Israel? upon him and he prophesied among superior young man was ready to serve,

Is it not on thee?..."(Idem, 20.) them"(Idem 9-11; italics author's.) and was promised the blessings of the

"... Samuel communed with Saul A positive change came over Saul. Lord so long as he was worthy; but not

upon the top of the house."(Idem, 25.) The setting apart turned him into antoo many years had elapsed until,

"Samuel also said unto Saul, The other man and gave him another heart. through unrighteousness, he had forblessings his feited at once. kingdom. and The Those powers came to him anoint thee to be New sent Lord me to chastized him: prophet at his same astounded now were him knew who (Ibid., 15:1.) Israel:"king over ".. foolishly: hast thou done spirituality, his acquired. Thou newly increased

He set Saul at the head of the group wisdom and judgment and his newly hast not kept the commandment of the in the parlor in the chiefest place and attained maturity and powers, and exLord thy God...."(Ibid., 13:13.)

gave him the special meat saved for claimed in amazement: When Saul had disobeyed again and

him. As they went on their way SamWhat has happened to Saul? He is again, the prophet said:

uel said: not the same! "What is this that has "... I will not return with thee: for

"... stand thou still a while, that I come unto the son of Kish. Is Saul thou hast rejected the word of the Lord,

DECEMBER 1958 941 and thou shalt anoint unto me, him day and forward."(Ibid., 18:9.)

whom I name unto thee."(Ibid., 16:3.) "And Saul saw and knew that the

Jesse and his sons came to Bethlehem. Lord was with David."(See Idem 12.)

Each stalwart stood before him in turn "David behaved himself more wisely and Samuel's heart was stirred, "Surely than all the servants of Saul, so that his the Lord's anointed is before me."name was much set by."(See Idem 14.)

(Idem) But the revelation of the Lord And eventually when Saul was dead:

manifested otherwise. "... the men of Judah came and

"... Look not on his countenance, there they anointed David king over the

or on the height of his stature; because house of Judah."(II Sam. 2:4.)

I have refused him: for the Lord seeth And later:

not as man seeth; for man looketh on "... all the elders of Israel came to

the outward appearance, but the Lord the king to Hebron;... and they

looketh on the heart."(Idem 7.) anointed David king over Israel."(Ibid.,

And as each came before him the 5:3.)

spirit whispered, "Neither hath the "And David went on, and grew great,

Lord chosen this."(Idem 8.) and the Lord God of hosts was with

"Send and fetch him [David],"said him."(Idem 10.)

the prophet, "for we will not sit down And again in the case of Solomon, the till he come hither."(Ibid., 16:11.) anointing was emphasized:

And through the process of elimination "And Zadok the priest, took an horn

David was chosen through revelation: of oil out of the tabernacle, and anointed

"... Now he was ruddy, and withal Solomon. And they blew the trumpet;

and the Lord hath rejected thee...."of a beautiful countenance, and goodly and all the people said, God save king

"... The Lord hath rent the kingdom to look to. And the Lord said, Arise, Solomon."(I Kings 1:39.)

of Israel from thee this day, and hath anoint him: for this is he."(Idem 12.) And Solomon loved the Lord, walking

given it to a neighbour of thine, that Now the setting apart: in the statutes of David his father, and

is better than thou.""Then Samuel took the horn of oil, received this blessing with his setting

"... Samuel mourned for Saul: and and anointed him in the midst of his apart:

the Lord repented that he had made brethren: and the Spirit of the Lord came "And God gave Solomon wisdom and

Saul king over Israel."(Ibid., 15:26, upon David from that day forward...."understanding exceeding much, and

28, 35.) (Idem 13.) largeness of heart....

Similarly came the call to David. It was some time before the people "And Solomon's wisdom excelled the

The Lord revealed to Samuel: could sustain him since vicious Saul wisdom of all...."(Ibid., 4:29, 30.)

''And call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I still reigned. Again in the call to Joshua, these

will shew thee what thou shalt do: "[But] Saul eyed David from that steps were stressed: The need, the call,

Saturday Afternoon session, with the dedication of the London Tempersonal color or understanding or misOctober 11, 1958 ple which I should like to relate, also. understanding on it. Some of us worOur President went there, and we had ried about it considerably. I saw the

A REAFFIRMATION: thearrangedlate afternoona press conferencefollowing whatfor himwas onto Presidentevening andin theexpressedlobby someof theofhotelmy conthat

his arrival, of significant the a have been very morning cern, and he made"WE THANK THEE O GOD thinking that time he for rest statement. not would have whether I do knowFOR A PROPHET"and still time to face that arduous task. remembers it or not, but I think I shallhe

But his plane was three hours late, or not forget it. He said, "When I have

Richard L. Evans more. He had been up all the night besaid what I know to be true, I do not

of the Council of the Twelve forePresidentwith andthoseSisterwho Smithaccompaniedand Brotherhim, worryThis aboutput methe inconsequences."mind of that great

Reiser, and there was no time for rest; statement of the Prophet Micaiah as he

My beloved brethren and sisters, in and he faced that battery of some thirty declared to Ahab, the king, those things that spirit of prayer of which President or forty newsmen representing the great which the Lord God had given him to

Clark spoke so beautifully this morning, London dailies and others of the British speak. The king had previously said

I pray that I may be given utterance to Empire and the wire services, and the that he hated the prophet because he say that which would best be said in BBC television camera. never prophesied him good, and the

this place and at this time. They pressed many questions, difficult prophet replied: "As the Lord liveth,

I think to those of you who have and sometimes tenacious and penetratwhat the Lord saith unto me, that will heard what has preceded at this coning questions, as is the function of alert I speak."(I Kings 22:14.)

ference, it must be somewhat apparent and seasoned newsmen. He met them It is the burden of the prophets althat there has been a considerable and, forthrightly, with some declarations of ways to speak what the Lord God saith,

I think, significant emphasis and reaffirmation as to things we would know no matter who likes it or who does not, affirmation of the principle of revelation, and how we could be assured of knowor what one would wish to be the of continuous revelation—or at least it ing them. They were respectful, but one truth. It takes a kind of courage beyond

has seemed so to me, as I have sat and always wonders what will happen the what most men have reason to reach listened with you. morning after when what was said apdown for.

There were some events associated pears in print, with the reporter's We might just as well have slept,

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the laying on of hands with the blessing. many of them speak often of the auSomeone has given us this:

There was the revelation as to the need thority who officiate and of the blessings "There is a spirit which, if it can get since Moses could not go over Jordan promised and their fulfilment. into men, will make them tall of soul,

and realizing it, pleaded that a shepTo some folk the setting apart seems gentle of spirit, courageous of heart, herd be given Israel. The specific man a perfunctory act while others anticipate just and honest toward their fellow men,

was named: it eagerly, absorb every word of it, and faithful in life, and fearless in death."

"And the Lord said unto Moses, Take let their lives be lifted thereby. This is the spirit of the "setting apart"

thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in The setting apart may be taken literalwhen the recipient magnifies the callwhom is the. spirit, and lay thine hand ly; it is a setting apart from sin, apart ing.

upon him; from the carnal; apart from everything This special endowment can make of

"And set him... before all the conwhich is crude, low, vicious, cheap, or one a "new creature,""an understandgregation and give him a charge in their vulgar; set apart from the world to a ing judge,""a wise and behaving

sight. higher plane of thought and activity. servant,""a discerning leader."

"And thou shalt put some of thine The blessing is conditional upon faithIt is my testimony to you that the honour upon him...."(Num. 27:1820; ful performance. leaders in this the Church of Jesus Christ

italics author's.) In a hotel in the Pocono mountains of are divinely called and set apart to

"But charge Joshua, and encourage Pennsylvania long years ago, I learned lead through the spirit of prophecy as him, and strengthen him: for he shall an important lesson when the president in other dispensations.

go over before this people, and he shall of the Rotary International said to the In my experience there have been cause them to inherit the land which district governors in the assembly: numerous people who like Saul and

thou shalt see."(Deut. 3:28.) "Gentlemen: This has been a great David and Matthias, like Paul and

"And he laid his hands upon him year for you. The people have honPeter and Joshua have, through the

[Joshua] and gave him a charge...."ored you, praised you, banqueted you, setting apart, received "largeness of

(Num. 27:23.) applauded you, and given you lavish heart,"extended influence, increased

And the blessing gave him power and gifts. If you ever get the mistaken wisdom, enlarged vision, and new

authority. idea that they were doing this for you powers. I have seen many who have

"And Joshua the son of Nun was full personally, just try going back to the been given "a new heart"and who have of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had clubs next year when the mantle is on been turned "into another man"and

laid his hands upon him...."(Deut. other shoulders."made into a "new creature."

34:9.) This has kept me on my knees in my I bear witness, too, that revelation is

The setting apart is an established holy calling. Whenever I have been with the Church constantly and in

practice in the Church and men and inclined to think the honors were commarked degree, not only in the call of women are "set apart"to special reing to me as I go about the Church, leaders, but in the interpretation of the sponsibility, in ecclesiastical, quorum, then I remember that it is not to me, gospel truths and in the practices of and auxiliary positions. All missionaries but to the position I hold that honors the Church. This I know.

are set apart and it is remarkable how come. I am but a symbol. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

those of us who didn't sleep so well that before he arrived, he was with us, many than ever there was? Or less need for

night, because the newspapers the next times a day, because we had made a living prophets? Does it seem that the

morning were factual and respectful, and motion picture explaining the purpose Lord would give prophets to one small none of them that I knew of had of temples, with President McKay's people in one small place at one limited reached for the sensational, or the old voice and picture in colored film, and time, and leave all the rest of his chilfalse representations, that some of us as those 76,000 and more visitors came dren for all of the rest of time without had been accustomed to in times gone by. and went into tents where this film was the living witness of his words, and the

President McKay's calm and assurbeing shown, we heard his voice from interpretation of them according to their ance, w7hich is so characteristic of him, fifty to one hundred times a day as the own time and day? Just consistency

was in evidence again (with which calm tents filled and emptied about as fast and reason would seem to suggest living assurance some of us may have felt he as the film could be shown. It was a prophets and continuous revelation

has sent us at times into the fiery choice and glorious occasion. without any deepseated affirmation of

furnace, but we have never found ourNow, one thing these newsmen it within our souls.

selves scorched, and he has never sent wanted to know, some of them, is, "How As to answering the question of the us where he was not willing to walk do you know? How can you know newsmen, "How can you know?"Of

with us). some of these things?"course, you can go back and read the

To hear him six times deliver signifiDoes it seem a thing strange that the record. We invited the attention of

cant addresses at six of the dedicatory Lord who admittedly had prophets in some of them to the fact that a prophet sessions, to hear the repeated notable former days should have them in this a century and a quarter ago had said dedicatory prayer, a meaningful docuday? Does it seem a thing strange that that tobacco was not good for man, and

ment, inviting attention to the fact there should be living prophets as well that medical science was now affirming that the Magna Charta, 1215 A.D., had as dead ones? Does it seem that this it. And they said, "Then in this respect

been signed in that same County of people in this time should need less, your prophet was a century or so ahead

Surrey where the temple was now being for these changing times and changing of the findings of medical science."

dedicated, was a great privilege and a conditions, the interpretation of the And we let them say it. We did not

moving experience. And to celebrate everlasting principles and standards, have to say it for them.

with him his eightyfifth birthday in and less need a living voice to help But beyond tangible and specific that far land was a sweet occasion that to find the way? Is there less of wilderhistorical evidences, there are things a

some of us will never forget. And long ness in our generation and in our world man can know inside his soul that are

DECEMBER 1958 943 beyond the things he can touch and see a sentence that I have not been able and rest his feet upon, which are unto forget. He said, "We are no better

deniable. than we are."It is profound in its

And as to those friends to whom simplicity and it leads into many appliPresident Richards spoke so earnestly cations. Our positions do not make us

yesterday morning, I would witness to better, or do not assure our being better them, also, with him, that this in which than we are. I know of no generalizawe are engaged is not merely a vocation tions that would save the souls of men.

or a profession, but the dedication of a It is the specific performance of specific life to a conviction that cannot be things that make men better—not

denied. theory, not merely the fact that there

And as to how one can know: He is a set of principles or that there are

who does not know cannot know that commandments, or that there is counanother man does know, and some sel, but the living of it.

things are so certain within the souls I am thinking of the Danish sculptor of men that they cannot be denied. of great fame, Thorvaldsen, who chose

A few days ago President Clark spoke to be buried in the midst of his works

the Holy Trinity. We declare our conbelieve that revelation is continuous

viction that men will be held accountand expedient, and is suited to the times able for their own sins and will not in which it is given. When we make

be answerable for the sins of others, that statement, it follows that we bethat there are certain principles and lieve in scriptures other than the Holy ordinances that must be believed and Bible, because divine revelation is the observed by those who would gain salvaword of God, and his word is scripture.

tion, and that those principles and We unequivocally declare our faith ordinances must be taught and adminin the Bible as the word of God, and istered by men who have authority in we specify the King James version the apostolic Church as organized in thereof.

the Meridian of Time, of which Jesus Our acceptance of other revelation

WE AFFIRM ChristIn thiswas,declarationand is, thewechiefaffirmcornerstone.our faith doesand notNewdiminishTestaments.our faithOnin thethe conOld

trary, is in in the atonement our belief of Christ the Bible and its uniOUR FAITH versal applicability. strengthened that of understanding and our We believe

Hugh B. Brown hethousandwill comeyearsagain,of universalthat therepeace.will beWea revelations.it clarified by these new corroborative

of the Council of the Twelve make the statement that we believe in Among the volumes of scripture in sacred scriptures, ancient and modern; which we believe, the one most frethat we believe that men are entitled quently referred to by friends and

to freedom of religious belief. We honor critics is the Book of Mormon. It has had

As we grow older and have more exand sustain the laws of the land. We the largest circulation and has elicited

perience in the ministry, we become commit ourselves to Christ's standard more comment during the past century, increasingly aware of our utter dependof moral conduct, and service based on favorable and otherwise, than any other ence upon divine guidance and inspiralove of God and of fellow men. modern book.

tion, and therefore it is not just habit As many sermons have been preached This book is an inspired text, having that causes us so frequently to ask for and much has been written on each been written by various prophets who that guidance and to solicit your help, of these articles, I shall not elucidate, lived in America at the times of which sympathy, and prayers. but I should like to refer for a moment they write. It is a sacred record of the

Like Elder Richard L. Evans, it was to the ninth Article of Faith. ancient inhabitants of America, covermy pleasure to attend the dedication of "We believe all that God has revealed, ing in the main that portion of their

the temple in London, England, and I all that He does now reveal, and we history from about 600 B.C. to 400 A.D.

appreciated the privilege. believe that He will yet reveal many Its message was inscribed on metallic

Two of the most frequent questions great and important things pertaining plates by various authors. These writasked of us as we travel are, "What is to the Kingdom of God."ings were abridged by the Prophet

your creed?"and "What distinguishes This simple and forthright statement Mormon, one. of the last survivors of a

your Church from others?"of faith in revelation has elicited the dwindling race. It is therefore known

We do not have a written creed in criticism of some of our friends, because as the Book of Mormon. He entrusted

the usual sense of the word. However, it includes past, current, and future the plates to his son, Moroni, who was

we do have a concise and authoritative revelation. Many other churches prothe last of the Nephite historians.

statement of the beliefs of the Latterfess belief in the revelations recorded Moroni deposited the plates in a stone day Saints given by the Prophet Joseph in the Bible, but they do not believe box on a hillside and some fourteen

Smith, in the early days of the Church, that God still reveals his will through hundred years later he, at that time a known as the Articles of Faith. In that chosen prophets on the earth. resurrected being, revealed their hiding

statement we declare our faith in God We declare that the line of complace to Joseph Smith, the prophet, who the Father, in Jesus Christ his Son, and munication between heaven and earth translated what is said to be reformed in the Holy Ghost; known generally as is open, and operating, as anciently. We Egyptian characters into English by the

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not in a cathedral or a cemetery, but than the service we give, no better than make the decisions alone, but to in a museum among the monuments of the commandments we keep, no better strengthen each other, and encourage do and forward other, go and shall each the live, and we of his than lives we midst thehis own making—in the is and follow done to be of these what there remembrance a bright have and hestatuary; made there what and

what he did with his life surrounds things and we shall, in a sense, lie living leadership as the prophet interhim. He did not theorize upon sculpdown in the midst of what we have prets for us the great principles and

turing, only, but with his hands and done when that time comes, and never commandments of all time.

with his creative gift he fashioned those in my life have I felt more fully to say I thank God for a prophet this day, things and he lies there in the midst with all the earnestness of my soul, for an assurance that I am not alone of his works, as we all shall do some- "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet, in life, and that you are not, that we inwithout are left us are, nor of days."none these latter us in guide to the theories or it will not beday—and it. for leadership. Thank God spired brethren and sisters, may beloved or speculations the or discussions Mythe

the set of principles or the set of comwe take counsel with each other. There And I leave this witness with you, in

do of in we name whose the him our name is with counsel counsel: in safety shall us. shall save thatmandments We

are in we whose all things, name and our family, with the children, with are are. than we no betterbe We

Christ. Savior, Jesus and our Lord met, in heaven, and Father our friends, with pay, tithing no better the than weno

better than the teaching we do, no better not attempt to live life alone and to Amen.

gift and power of God. from a little book called, The Book of the resurrection of the dead, being the

It is doubtless this element of the Mormon Message and Evidences by Dr. first that should rise."(2 Nephi 2:8.)

miraculous which disturbs many who Franklin S. Harris, Jr. Charles H. Hull, And further in his same book, after

hear of this record and causes some to professor of American history in Cornell reciting the miraculous events in the shrug it off without further interest. University wrote: history of the Israelites, he said,

It seems strange to us that believers "I am perfectly willing to say to any- "... I say unto you, that as these

in the JudeoChristian Bible should be one that I suppose the Book of Mormon things are true, and as the Lord God skeptical of the miraculous. to be one of the most famous and widely liveth, there is none other name given

Miracles form an important part of discussed books ever published in under heaven save it be this Jesus Christ, the Old and the New Testaments. The America."of which I have spoken, whereby man

story of the earth life of Jesus of NazaSays a Rochester newspaper, "The can be saved."(Ibid., 25:20.)

reth continues to grip the hearts and book itself remains on which was It is the message of the Book of Morintrigue the minds of men, largely befounded the greatest religion of the mon that has caused people from almost cause of the miracle of his birth, the continent and the century. It was not all nations of the earth to accept it as

almost daily miracles he performed durthe book itself, but the wonderful influthe word of God. Its inspiring theme

ing his ministry, and the transcendent ence it had on America that counted."and divine message, from the title page

testiconstitutes last the chapter, the to ascenresurrection and his of miracle Agriculture, of Secretary former a And of nation of a or witness whole mony left apostles his and said, sion. Moreover, he carefully the read book had who

is Christ, the Son the that Jesus people of a miraculous promise a disciples with of the books all American the "Of world, the of the Creator the of God, last days. Parain the it reappearance probable seems century, nineteenth

It witness bears of mankind. Redeemer ask, Paul Apostle the phrasing we "Why the most of was the that Book Mormon

its of of efficacy atonement, the to the incredible it a thing thought be should only It one perhaps reached powerful.

its to value application universal and his to will his reveal it should afthat States, but God the of United percent his will accept all word individuals who as promised prophets, he the servants, powerfully so percent this one fected his keep commandments. and do."to of all the people the that lastingly and

to the friends examine urge our this We book fact about remarkable espeaffected, One been States have United its listen claims, itself, to check book appeal. popularity is its and continued in its opening contribution cially by

its spirit. feel its of to and to message first after the years thirty hundred frontiers."One great of our one

revelation, in continued believe Yes, we still it is best a published, edition was the regarding declaration our Now, future. current, and continuous, ancient, copies thirtyfive thousand seller, over If one. is a solemn of Mormon Book I to bear personally, wish my And year, each and in English printed being If it is is it blasphemous. false, almost already that have those with testimony in the distributed thousands other it are all believe is it true, then who today, the the that Church borne been into languages different twentyseven its author to obligation a solemn under is revelaled by of being God, kingdom it translated. Nearly has been which its truth. proclaim to of is conauthor the not tion. God this of have book copies million three

been distributed in almost all countries One of the prophets of that book fusion. He does not work in dark places.

of the world in the last century. emphasized this fact in the following He makes it known to the world when

Yes, we do believe the Book of Morwords, and I read from Second Nephi: he appoints a prophet, and I testify that

mon to be the word of God, and we 'Wherefore, how great the impor- I know as I know I live, that this Church believe in the miraculous that was intance to make these things known unto today is guided by prophecy and by volved in its preservation and producthe inhabitants of the earth, that they revelation, and that these men whom tion. There have been many who have may know that there is no flesh that we honor are prophets of God.

sought to discredit it, many things have can dwell in the presence of God, save I pray that he may help us to live been written against it, but in more it be through the merits, and mercy, as though we believed it, to be true to recent times some of our friends who and grace of the Holy Messiah, who ourselves, to them and to God, by carrygive, and instructions they the out to the ing life according his layeth of down the book a careful study have made

I pray, Christ, gospel of Jesus living the it power again flesh, taketh by the signifiand are statements which have made cant. I shall refer to one or two taken of the Spirit, that he may bring to pass in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1958 945 wisdom which I have found in good motives, rather than what had ones, books. Some of these words are from others may have for differing from us.

the Bible, some are from the writings It demands not only a negative, but of Abbott Lawrence Lowell, late presi- a positive intellectual integrity, a dedent of Harvard University, and from sire to understand that which contraother sources. All these sources and dicts, as well as that which supports,

many more good books are easily availone's own views of what is just and able to all of us. I am very much inwise. This means an open, earnest

terested in them and wish to pay mind, a mind based upon wide and attention to the Prophet's words. deep insight into ultimate realities."

Our pioneer fathers read the best Men are not born with wisdom, they books. Sometime I shall tell you what acquire it by habitual selfcontrol, by

$ ( books they brought to this valley with looking not at the popular impulse of them. The founding fathers read most the day, not by conforming, not by mass

"SEEK YE WISDOM"ofmanythe languages.best books ofTheytheirweretimeeducatedand in thatparticipation,endure andbutareateternal.those principles

following words, which The I now wise men.Levi Edgar Young and to will is helpful be particularly "wisdom"? President Lowell quote, What

President of the First Council of the says, "We think of wisdom as a part our missionaries: "There are thousands

Seventy of religion. In its highest strains it of men in the world who live on a high

involves wisdom as an attribute and moral plane and are not thought selfIn the Doctrine and Covenants we emanation of God, such that, if a man righteous. If we have any insight into

read these words of the Prophet Joseph take her as a companion and guide, he the deeper springs of human nature, we

Smith, "Seek ye knowledge out of the shall find righteousness and happiness. will meet them constantly in the jourbest books, words of wisdom."(See Such wisdom demands serenity of ney of life. If we have not the insight,

D & C 88:118.) Today I should like temper, a judicial attitude of mind, a we will not see them, for they do not

to read to you some of the words of habit of seeking what good reasons and make a show of virtue. But they have

WHAT PRICE PEACE? Churchattends aalwaysgeneralfeelsconferencethat there ofis thean Evanspeople iswithalwaysyou verylike comfortingBrother andindeed,Sister

unusually rich spirit here not enjoyed and it was to us. We shall always be

Thorpe B. Isaacson anyA otherman calledplace. me yesterday who had companionshipgrateful for theirand association,friendship thatfor thewe

of the Presiding Bishopric not attended a session of the conferenjoyed with Brother and Sister Evans ence. I think he had never before in on that great trip.

his life attended. Sometime ago I urged There were so many beautiful expehim to come to one of these conferences, riences and incidents that happened in

President McKay, President Richards, and % then he could express himself and connection with the dedication of the

President Clark, my dear brothers and pass judgment. He called me later and London Temple that perhaps one does

sisters: One cannot help feeling humsaid, "I attended a session of the connot truly sense an experience like this

ble whenever he is occupying this ference, and I have never felt like that unless he is actually in attendance, and position. I think it is the best lesson before. I did not realize how wonderit was a beautiful occasion. A rich outwe have in bringing one to true humilful it was. Truly, the Spirit of the Lord pouring of the Spirit of the Lord was

ity, and I humbly pray the Lord will is here in these conference sessions."present, and the spirituality of every

sustain me today as I occupy this posiIf I may, I would like to say a word session was outstanding. There was a

tion. or two about the dedication of the spirit of love, a spirit of thanksgiving, a

We come to these conferences happy, London Temple and our trip to London spirit of friendship, a spirit of brothercheerful, full of love, with tolerance and return. My wife and I had the hood, and a true spirit of worship presand kindness to mankind, and with pleasure of taking a plane from Salt ent. Many of the Saints had made

gratitude in our hearts to God, our Lake to New York, and then to London, great sacrifices and effort to be in atHeavenly Father. Truly, it is always in company with Elder and Sister tendance for the dedication of this temgood to meet in the conferences of the Richard L. Evans. It was wonderful to ple. I wonder if we can realize that

Church. There is always a beautiful be with them. Truly, they are very many of them had never before seen

spirit here, one of thanksgiving, one of choice and wonderful people. the prophet of the Lord, the President

friendliness, one of brotherhood, and As one flies the big blue Atlantic of the Church. They were deeply

one of appreciation for each other, and Ocean, no matter how many times he touched as were we all.

particularly to our Heavenly Father for may have flown it before and even In my visits to the islands of the the blessings that he has bestowed upon though the plane seems safe and Pacific, I had always thought that our us individually and as a people, as a smooth, nevertheless, there is a little Hawaiian friends in the islands were

Church, and as a nation. It is always tension. When you look down and the only ones who could sing, smile,

good to feel the wonderful spirit that you see the blue water below, you and cry at the same time, but at the dediis here, to shake hands with friends and realize that you are just above the ocean, cation sessions of the London Temple, old acquaintances, leaders of wards and then you look up and see the stars I saw others who would smile, sing, and and stakes, and to feel truly the inspirain the heaven, and you really feel and cry at the same time, and in nearly tion of the Lord that is always here in know that God is at the helm, and it is every session, we experienced that same these sessions. I think everyone who a comforting feeling. Then to have observation. It was because they were

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upheld it in others by their example, May I pause here to say some Woe unto them that are wise in their and make the world better by their words on juvenile delinquency. Wilown eyes, and prudent in their own

presence."liam Ellery Channing, the great histosight.

he says rian, What does Paul writer, mean said, teacher when and the other newspaper in our "No state We read ".. (Corinthians),. they measuring positive suffering, of mind, not these of Secretary even of is morning words

themselves by themselves, and comparmore painful than the want of interLabor James P. Mitchell. They are, I

ing themselves among themselves, are esting objects."In other words, believe, wise words. "Civil rights is

not wise."(II Cor. 10:12.) He further boredom causes crime. If we had wisnot solely a legal problem. Basically it

says, "For other foundation can no man dom enough in the community one is a moral problem."It will always be

lay than that is laid, which is Jesus cannot doubt that crimes, which all a problem in America, as long as chilChrist."(I Cor. 3:11.) Let us integrate good men reprobate, would be less dren hear parents and neighbors utter

this wisdom into our lives. prominent... we should be so wise derogatory remarks about other races,

Let us be wise in training our chilas to discover the causes and remove creeds, and religions. Our hiring pracdren, and remind ourselves often that them. tices in labor in the future, he says,

all young people heroes need I to emuwill leaders workers have to be based and To on ability and say—ponder late. life of There is no the mind these for in qualifications or on reGenesis, the job, words without "And Jacob

aspiration of the spirit without emulawas left alone; and there wrestled a gard to age or sex or race or creed or

tion of great heroes. Let us remind man with him until the breaking of national origin.

too, is that them opportunity often day. the satisfied Let us not be a mediocre with

or seized made rather upon by men, life's said, of Let standard he for the our "And day work. Destiny me go thrustthan lives them. of upon The

said, let breaketh. bless I will a does not unless he not he has And man of thetwo most hiseminent American

thee go, except thou bless me."(Gen. endurance to wrestle until the breakingtorians—Prescott and Parkman beautifully teach this great lesson. Our 32:24, 26.) of the day.

children must feel at times that they We read—wisdom is better than Our Father in heaven, help us to get

arc in the company of a great human strength. Wisdom is better than weapwisdom and use it in our lives, we

spirit. ons of war. humbly pray. Amen.

deeply touched, humble, and grateful..too, had tried to save all he could, prayer, we felt that every person left

We heard many stories there regardhoping that he would have enough there with a firm resolve to rededicate ing the sacrifices that were made by money saved up so that when the time his life to the Lord. The occasion

many individuals in order to attend came for the temple dedication, he there was heavenly. It was uplifting.

the dedication. One man had saved all could attend. Just shortly before the It was spiritual.

he could for over two years in very time of the dedication, he became ill, May I be permitted to quote one or small amounts, and in our figures and his doctors told him that it would two thoughts from that beautiful apequivalent to 5c, 10c, 15c, etc. in order not be wise for him to go because of a propriate, spiritual dedicatory prayer,

to have enough money to attend the very serious illness that had come to and since it has now been published, dedication when that time came. He him and perhaps an illness from which may I"plead with you to please read it.

was so anxious to save up enough money he could not recover. This good man When you read it, try if you can to

so he could attend the dedication, but said, "Then the money I have saved imagine that you are sitting in the when the time came for him to go to for this occasion must be used by sometemple in London hearing the prophet the temple, he discovered that he lacked one else so that he can go and receive of the Lord pronounce that prayer.

about $30.00 in having enough money the blessings that I had hoped to reThen you, too, will be greatly strengthfor him to attend. To some of us, that ceive."He had never been in the temened. May I quote one or two thoughts:

would not seem very much, but to him, ple in his life. He had hoped and "May we first express overwhelming

it was the difference between his being planned to go, and now he was denied gratitude just to be alive in this great able to go and not going. Someone that blessing, but he was willing and age of the world. We pause this mornlearned that he needed an additional anxious that someone else should have ing to open our hearts to thee for this

$30.00 and saw to it that $30.00 was that blessing. It made nearly all of us special privilege. No other time in

furnished to him so that he could go ashamed to live so close to the temples world history has been so wonderful—

and not be denied this great ambition and rarely attend and then to realize the no other age wherein thy secret powers and dream. Then this good man said, great effort that our brothers and sisters have been more within human control;

"I appreciate this $30.00, but I want to have been putting forth in faroff counin no other era hath thy purposes been

pay it back. However, it may take me tries in order to go to the temple. nearer human comprehension. Help us,

a year to do it."You see, some of these We were grateful to hear the prayers O Lord, truly to live!"

choice people have difficulty financially, of the prophet, President David O. One more thought: "But thy mercy,

and they do not have the means. McKay. As one of the brethren said thy wisdom, thy love are infinite; and

I wonder if we realize the difficulty that this morning, when the young people in dispensations past thou hast pleaded, many of our Saints have in different there (the missionaries) watched Presias thou dost now plead, through chosen parts of the world and the problems dent McKay speak and heard his prayer, and authoritatively appointed servants, they encounter in these faroff lands they did not need to be told that he for thy erring children to heed the gosso far from the headquarters of the was the prophet. Everyone could feel pel message and come to thee."

Church. it. It was a great, personal, spiritual If the world would read that prayer

Another good man who had waited strength to all who attended. Because and accept it, it would not be where

and dreamed for this occasion was a of the power that was given to them by it is today.

faithful member of the Church, and he, the President in his talk and in his I truthfully believe that there are one

DECEMBER 1958 947 the Church, the prophet of the Lord, the controls of war to lose their balance and for the General Authorities of the of faculties in anger and have bombs

Church. We are so profoundly gratedropped, and in so doing, destroy

ful to you for your prayers and your mothers, wives, children, and innocent faith. people by the millions. One bomb, it

Yes, this is a great age in which to is said, dropped in the city of the Los be alive, but we also have some fears. Angeles area could destroy every living

Peace or war? What price for peace? creature and cause every building to fall

We hear so much about war and differin ashes between Santa Monica on the ent weapons of war that sometimes we west, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Pasaare concerned. There are factions at dena, and San Bernardino on the east.

work to divide this nation. There is What price for peace? There are some

developing, sad as it may seem, a feelscientists who predict that we are headed ing of bitterness between groups within for very serious trouble from spawning our nation. The monster of inflation radiation. There is perhaps an answer

is eating away. The nation and the to it all. Power? Power is not the anAmerican public are in the greatest debt swer. Faith is the answer. Would the

they have ever been in. The debt now people of this nation be willing to live

has reached an alltime high—a good in accordance with the teachings of

reason for concern. The world has not God in order to guarantee peace? In

followed the counsel of the Church. recorded history, we have recognized

What price for peace? There are that in times past, because of the rightmany who say now that bombs are eousness of the people, the Lord has

being made to destroy civilization. What seen fit to protect a nation and stay the

of our wives and mothers, our babies hands of those who would destroy civand children, and our grandchildren? ilization.

million members of this Church—at Probably the greatest problem today Prayer is that weapon. Prayer is a

least those who are old enough and who facing this world is how to get peace. force as real as gravity. True prayer

realize the value of prayer—who are A great scientist has said that it is posand worship have always been an acpraying each day for the President of sible for certain individuals who have knowledged necessity of all mankind.

"WORDS TO of Thenthese Iexcellentwelcomelessons.and look with joy walkingdent Smithbackasked,to the"WhySmithishome,it thatPresiyou

LIVE BY"and great anticipation toward associatinsist on going to the Englishspeaking ing with these two splendid men you fast meeting when you understand so sustained this morning, Elders Critchlittle of what is being said?"Here was

John Longden low and Dyer. I have known them the significant reply from the Dutch

"It is brother, years, thirty or not both for I see that upwards. what makes many

is It I happy. the thatAssistant to the Council of the Twelve Having hear been employed by not what same me

company that Elder Critchlow has been makes me happy. It is what I feel that

with for so many years. I have seen makes me happy, and I can feel just as

him under fire, but he has always come good as anybody."

Thank you, my brethren and sisters, through a devoted son of God. Yes, there are many who hear and

those of you who were here this morning Likewise with Brother Dyer. I have yet do not hear. There are many who

for your sustaining vote. I assure you known of his work in the Church and see, yet do not see. If our lives are in

that I will do everything within my just recently as I had the privilege of tune with the glorious teachings of the power to be worthy of that vote as I go attending the Kansas City Stake congospel of Jesus Christ, then we can feel about the Church serving the memference, I felt of his spirit there and the just as good as anybody. We feel as

bership, our Heavenly Father and his spirit of many of his missionaries. So good as anybody because we have a

Son, Jesus Christ. I am looking forward to closer associawitness and a conviction that Jesus is

I would be ungrateful if I did not tion with these splendid servants of the the Christ. "If any man will do his

mention something about one of our Lord. will, he shall know of the doctrine,

colleagues, Elder Clifford E. Young. And now I would give you words to whether it be of God, or whether I

It was not my privilege to be here when live by if the spirit will so dictate. I speak of myself."(John 7:17.) There is

he passed away, so I did not attend his am reminded of an experience that hapno hesitancy, no surmising, no groping, funeral service. I was touring a mission pened in the life of President George but an assurance that God lives, that

at the time. I am most grateful for his Albert Smith. Several years before he is the Father of our spirits and that

companionship, for the splendid charhe became President of the Church, he Jesus is his Divine Son, that they have acteristics exemplified in his life, ingave a home for some months to a again appeared in the earth in this distegrity to his calling, his faith and couple from Holland. They could pensation as we have so gloriously sung

testimony of the gospel, and his unspeak but a few words of English and a few moments ago.

selfish service, many times, I am sure, could understand very little English. Yes, I am grateful "for the testimony

filling his assignments when he was However, the Dutch brother insisted of Joseph Smith.

suffering physically though he did not on going to the Englishspeaking fast It is interesting that I should have indicate it. meetings and after about the third fast copied that testimony and his witness

I pray that I may imbibe and partake meeting as President Smith and he were and that this song should be sung just

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One poet has called prayer "the bridge to God. It is the golden arch that And this might help: "Oh, God, as I

which reaches from earth to heaven, leads to happiness; destroy it and chaos begin this day and this new way of

and the one pathway from despair."I will result."life, I put my hand in thine. May I

wonder if we are on speaking terms with Religion is playing a great part in the not miss a step with thee today; may I

the Lord. Do we have companionship lives of men today, and if men would be controlled by thy love. May my

with him? Can he reach us if he wishes accept the true religion, there would be strong urges be taken hold by thy love

to? no war because.in the gospel of Jesus and turned toward thy kingdom."

The other day in a meeting in the Christ, one finds peace, not turmoil; What we find in life depends upon

temple, President Clark was offering love, not hatred; and the answer to the what we give life. The same skies are

the prayer. It was so sacred and so turmoil in the world and the threat of dull and leaden to one, but glorious with

beautiful that one hesitates to mention war is the acceptance of Christ and his their own blue to another. So often we

it. He prayed for the membership of teachings, for Jesus is the Son of God, leave beauties and experiences of worth

the Church, pleading with us to make the Savior of the world. unappreciated and untouched, even unsure that we are living so that God can The gospel of Jesus Christ will play seen. I wonder if we could not change

speak to us if he so wishes. I wonder the most important part in any man's our lives a little and say, "Let us all be

if this nation and the nations of the life. "The only man who can be trikind to one another, for most of us are

world would listen if God spoke to umphantly hopeful in these days is the fighting a hard battle anyway."

them. man whose heart is knit to the coming I want to bear testimony that God

Someone has said there are too many of the kingdom of God."lives and that Jesus Christ is his Son. I

people trying to get along without God, What price for peace? Power? "Power know as I know that I live that there

and too many nations have turned from is never good except he be good that has are prophets in the earth today, the

Christ. Religion is considered by those it."The key to all our problems, to same as the prophets of old. May God

who know the meaning of it as the life itself, is God our Father. He is, bless the membership of this Church

greatest blessing that can come to man. every man's first need. One writer has and the youth of this Church particuThere is no place in the world that does said: "Give me a light that I may tread larly. Let's take care of them, because

not contain some trace of God. He has safely into the unknown,"and one rein not too many years, this building

left his sacred marks everywhere, and plied, "Go out into the darkness and will be filled with those who are young they need only to be found to be put your hand into the hand of God today.

realized. that shall be better than a light and May God bless us I humbly pray in

"Religion is the bond that binds man safer than a known way."the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

previous to my being called to occupy of evil against me falsely for so saying, are lived, where parents (the father this positionMay I give it to you? I was led to say in my heart: Why now passed away) feel good because

He likened his experience to that of Paul persecute me for telling the truth? I they are in tune. Then she has some

when he said: have actually seen a vision; and who wonderful teachers and instructors in

"However, it was nevertheless a fact am I that I can withstand God, or why the organizations of the Church. Tothat I had beheld a vision. I have does the world think to make me deny day she feels good because she has a

thought since, that I felt much like what I have actually seen? For I had burning testimony.

Paul, when he made his defense before seen a vision; I knew it, and I knew May I read her witness?

King Agrippa, and related the account that God knew it, and I could not deny First, she said a group of MIA young of the vision he had when he saw a it, neither dared I do it; at least I knew folk invited some young people of anlight, and heard a voice; but still there that by so doing I would offend God, other church to visit a fireside. Sixty

were but few who believed him; some and come under condemnation."(Ibid., of them responded; there were only

said he was dishonest, others said he 2:25.) forty members of our Church present.

was mad; and he was ridiculed and My, what a powerful testimony! And She says there was a great impression

reviled. But all this did not destroy the there are thousands throughout the made upon many of the young folk,

reality of his vision. He had seen a Church today, yes, thousands upon both members and nonmembers. They

vision, he knew he had, and all the thousands who have a witness within loved their teacher, Sister Nona Dyer, persecution under heaven could not their hearts that God lives, that Jesus who happens to be the daughter of make it otherwise; and though they is the Christ, that they did appear to Brother and Sister LeGrand Richards.

should persecute him unto death, yet the boy Joseph Smith, even though they Here is her witness:

he knew, and would know to his latest have not seen or experienced a like "I really love the gospel, and it is breath, that he had both seen a light privilege. The Holy Spirit bears witthe most powerful influence in my life.

and heard a voice speaking unto him, ness to this in the hearts of young and It seems that the older I get, the deeper and all the world could not make him old alike. They feel good inside bethe spirit of the gospel penetrates my

think or believe otherwise."(Joseph cause they are living the truths of the soul, and the more beautiful life beSmith 2:24.) gospel which have been revealed in comes.

Then Joseph further says: this day. "I certainly do admire Daddy for the

"So it was with me. I had actually I should like to give you the witness way he lived the gospel and the examseen a light, and in the midst of that from a young girl, seventeen years of ple he set for others, and Mother, who

light I saw two Personages, and they age, a beautiful young lady, growing is so unselfish. I just hope that somedid in reality speak to me; and though into womanhood. There was a period day I can learn to be that kind of

I was hated and persecuted for saying in her life when she might not have person and give something to others in that I had seen a vision, yet it was true; been too sure of her religious convicreturn for what has been given to me."

and while they were persecuting me, tions, but she is being reared in a good These words we have heard, my brethreviling me, and speaking all manner home where the tenets of the gospel ren and sisters, are words to live by.

DECEMBER 1958 949 They bring peace and joy and hope in rience that came to me from my colour hearts, regardless of what the conleague, Elder Clifford E. Young, a year

ditions in the world may be. As we or so ago. It seems that before President

follow truth and abide by gospel teachHeber J. Grant passed away, and many

ings, we have no need to fear, I assure of you know that he was ill for many you. Regardless of who we are, we months, but three or four weeks before

must keep alive this testimony in our he passed away, Brother Young was in hearts. his home visiting him. President Grant

In conclusion, I will give you an expeuttered this prayer: "O God, bless me

and difficulties, he would not leave us "Paradoxical as it may seem, God without the means of meeting them, and means not only to make us good, but

THE USES OF soJesussentChrist,his Onlyto theBegottenworldSon,to bringthe Lordus todisastermake andus alsodisappointment."happy, by sickness,(C. A.

all of the conditions Bartol.) meeting

to this world. meet inADVERSITY thatthe meanswe have This short one, which evidently came

As the Apostle Paul in the midst of from the heart of the woman who exGeorge Q. Morris Mars'hill was declaring to his pagan pressed it struck me forcibly: "Ah! If

God, he said: the unknown the there is in peace you only knewof the Council of the Twelve listeners and move, "For in him we live, and sorrow."an accepted Guion.) (Mde.

.".. (Acts being; 17:28) have our and

is "It thing, great the of a cup when in the Christ hands Lord Jesus whose is lips, feel bitterness to to pressed our all said, "I things sisters, Father has the I gave dear brethren and My am is it fate that or necessity, divine not but life light of the the world."the faith andwholly dependent your upon am and love for us ends."working good upon

if It follows (See 8:12.) that blessings inthe directing of the we John Lord (E. Chapin.) H.

intelligent will truly I are. center our shall to this say say we what uponme

occasion. I have been thrilled with the lives in him. "Affliction comes to us all not to

sober; sad, us us not but make to make like short to read this I should of a few conference. to youproceedings Many

sorry, wise; to not but deus make testimonies of those to, done have referredthings been may have and who among

its spondent, reto but darkness by so. "It say: is better testing that the The scriptures undergothem was we

in this life. Patriarch Smith referred to go to the house of mourning than fresh us, as the night refreshes the day;

to that, and in the few moments for to the house of feasting.... not to impoverish, but to enrich us."

me to speak I should like to make some "Sorrow is better than laughter; for (Henry Ward Beecher.)

reference to the uses of adversity. We by the sadness of the countenance the The Prophet Joseph Smith one time

are all subject to adversities. I need heart is made better."(Eccl. 7:2-3.) said, when someone had remarked that

not enlarge upon that. I wonder if we realize the truth of somebody had affliction because of their

The Lord said to Adam that for his that. Let me read these testimonies. sins, that it is an unhallowed statement

sake the earth was cursed and that he There are a number of them, but they to make, that afflictions come to all.

should eat his food in sorrow all the are very short and to the point, and And M. Henry said: "Extraordinary afdays of his life. The scriptures say that they may have messages that will uplift flictions are not always the punishment

man is born unto trouble as the sparks and bless many who are here or who of extraordinary sins, but sometimes the fly upward, which means that it is in will hear them, who are in need of trial of extraordinary graces. Sanctified

the design of God that we should have them. afflictions are spiritual promotions."

these adversities and experiences in the "Sweet are the uses of adversity, I wonder if we may not at some later world. In the midst of life, death and which, like a toad, though ugly and time envy those splended people who

a sea of trials and troubles are ever with venomous, wears yet a precious jewel have had so many afflictions. "No

us. So none of us are free from them, in its head."(Shakespeare.) Christian but has his Gethsemane; but

and it follows that we should find some "Affliction is the wholesome soil of every praying Christian will find there way of meeting them successfully. As virtue, where patience, honor, sweet is no Gethsemane without its angel."

the Lord planned this earth, and in humility, and calm fortitude, take root (T. Binney.)

these plans were these problems, trials, and strongly flourish."(Mallet.) The final one: "Strength is born in

in I find the sustain as echo of a successor hold and him yesbeen borne a'TEACH YOUR testimoniesWith all whichmy hearthave Joseph prophet Smith of the and

CHILDREN"terday and today respecting the mission living God. And I pledge myself, as I

of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and his have in the past, to support him, his relationship to the Son of God, even counselors, and the Twelve in doing

S. Dilworth Young Jesuswish, also,Christ.to tellIn Presidentthe same McKay,breath soI whatsoeverI say this I nowshallbecausebe assignedI am togoingdo. to

of the First Council of the Seventy that he can hear me say it, that I updo something which I dislike very much

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that I shall not lose my testimony and Does it behoove us, then, brothers and Son, that Joseph Smith was and is a keep faithful to the end!"Here was sisters, to be faithful to the end that prophet of God and those who have

the prophet of the Lord at that time, we may keep alive our testimonies succeeded him down to President David holding the keys of the kingdom, praythrough our works? The Holy Spirit O. McKay are prophets of God, and

ing that he would not lose his testiwill keep us feeling good if we do our he, President McKay, has the mantle of mony, that he would remain faithful part and remain faithful to the end. authority and holds the keys of the

to the end, even though he lay on his I bear witness to you that I know kingdom of God in the earth. And I

sickbed and must have known that he that good feeling because I know God bear this testimony in the name of would never be well again. lives, that Jesus Christ is his divine Jesus Christ our Savior. Amen.

the deep silence of longsuffering hearts: bitterness, may destroy us. In all our the testimony of the Apostle Paul as

not amid joy."(Mrs. Hermans.) adversities there are these two elements, follows:

The Lord has expressed himself about and the determining factor is how shall "Though he were a Son, yet learned these adversities that come, and I speak, we endure them? Shall we endure he obedience by the things which he

for example, of the Prophet Joseph them well? If not, they may destroy suffered;

Smith, who had adversity from the mous. "And being made perfect, he became

ment he delivered his glorious message The Lord Jesus Christ, the one perthe author of eternal salvation unto all of the vision in the grove. You will fect being in the world, was described them that obey him."(Hebrews 5:8-9.)

remember in Liberty Jail he cried out, by Isaiah as "despised and rejected of "For it became him, for whom are "O God, where art thou? And where men, a man of sorrows; and acquainted all things, and by whom are all things,

is the pavilion that covereth thy hiding with grief."(Isaiah 53:3.) That dein bringing many sons unto glory, to

place? scribes his life, the one perfect life make the captain of their salvation per-

"Yea, O Lord, how long shall they lived in the world, full of love and of fect through sufferings."(Ibid., 2:10.)

[thy Saints] suffer these wrongs and service. President Clark referred to his I should like to close with the testiunlawful oppressions, before thine heart Gethsemane, and I will -read the detail mony of President David O. McKay.

shall be softened toward them, and of it, the Savior crying to the Father: "Upon the membership of this Church

thy bowels be moved with compassion "Father, if thou be willing, remove rests the obligation to teach the divinity toward them?"(D & C 121:1, 3.) this cup from me: nevertheless not my of Jesus Christ, in whose perfection we

What was the Lord's answer to this will, but thine, be done. find every virtue; in whom are comprayer? "My son, peace be unto thy "And there appeared an angel unto bined in wonderful harmony all the

soul; thine adversity and thine affliction him from heaven, strengthening him. powers of the soul; in whose life and

shall be but a small moment; "And being in an agony he prayed teachings we can find every comfort,

"And then, if thou endure it well, more earnestly: and his sweat was as it and if we go to him in humility and

God shall exalt thee on high; thou were great drops of blood falling to the faith, every guidance and inspiration

shalt triumph over all thy foes."(Ibid., ground."(Luke 22:4244.) we need.

121:7-8.) Then the Lord held up beAnd then on the cross, in the lone- "Our Lord, our Savior, Jesus Christ,

fore him other trials and difficulties someness and terrible suffering of his is the head of this Church. I know

that were to come, some even worse dying moments, he cried out, using the the reality of his existence, of his willthan he had had, but then said to him: words of the twentysecond Psalm, "My ingness to guide and direct all who"... know thou, my son, that all these God, my God, why hast thou forsaken serve him."—"The Man of Nazareth,"

things shall give thee experience, and me?"(Matt. 27:46.) The Improvement Era, December 1957.

shall be for thy good. Someone has said that in every great I add to that testimony my humble

"The Son of Man hath descended soul there must come a moment when testimony that Jesus Christ, the Rebelow them all. Art thou greater than he is left to himself, and no doubt at deemer of the world, organized this,

he?"(Ibid., 122:7-8.) that time that was the feeling of the his Church, through the Prophet Joseph

So, in adversity we may have that Lord Jesus Christ. The purpose of the Smith, and in it is the power of God

which will exalt us, or we may have Father in not removing the cup from unto salvation, and that he is directing that which will degrade us. We may the Savior in the depth of his sufferit as here implied, through his servant,

have that which, "if we endure it well,"ing and the place sorrow may have in President David O. McKay, I bear this

will ennoble us, and we may have that our lives is made clear in his answer witness in the name of Jesus Christ.

which, if we indulge in selfpity and to the Prophet Joseph's prayer, and in Amen.

to do. For the few minutes that I have give the reasons, and then state the fool, and justly, too. If I as a father

I want to change the tenor of this conconclusion. knew of a condition which, though it

ference and talk of something else. Also, If I had a loaded gun in my closet, might not be able to kill the body as a

I should like to explain to you that I and ignored the possibility of my chilgun might, could slay my son's spirit am going to reverse the process which dren using it, I would be a derelict eternally, and did nothing to change it,

I normally would use. I am going to parent. And if I said, in addition to to the extent that I remained passive, the

make a conclusion, and then explain that, "Why doesn't the Church do somesin would be upon my head. Then if I

the reasons for it. Normally I would thing about it?"I would be thought a should say, in addition to that, "I canDECEMBER 1958 951

not understand why the Church doesn't nor describe it further in detail. I saw

it for four about be vain, do something than not more it,"I would seconds—just

for fifty years, long. nearly I that family It has is concerned been so far as my

am the Church. It is my responsibility and I cannot, and have not been able

to protect my family and not depend to forget it. It has a way of boring

upon anyone else to do it. I may ask itself into my mind, generally during

for help from Church members and the times I especially would not want others, but I am the primary protector. it to.

In 1910 I stood next to the back fence The other day I was standing in a of the Lowell School with several of store near a magazine rack. In front

seventeenyear-old boy my A I rack of the men, were two young years eleven about were was classmates.there—we age. of sixteen years should about judge of a picture exhibiting he was age—and a in their copy hands each had to bragging his They children us small and

enjoyment of the situation depicted of a magazine they had picked from thereon. I need not tell you that the that stand. I was not so far away but

picture was pornographic in its nature, what I could see at what they were

Sunday Morning session, church, he is the rightful successor to flow all former dispensations. Joseph

October 12, 1958 the Prophet Joseph Smith, Jr. He is Smith was and is to modern Israel what

God's prophet and personal repreMoses was to ancient Israel, leader, lawTHE RESTORATION wassentativethe presidentin the ofearth.the ChurchJust asof PeterJesus giver,You prophet,will recallseer,thatandJohnrevelator.the Beloved

Christ of formerday saints, so President saw in vision an "... angel fly in the

Marion G. Romney McKay is today the president of the midst of heaven, having the everlasting

to gospel that dwell preach of unto Christ of Latterday them Jesus Churchof the Council of the Twelve earth, nation, to every Saints. is the on the and and of the President He

priesthood of that Church. He is in kindred, and tongue, and people."

fact and in truth a prophet, seer, and (Revelation 14:6.) Joseph Smith was

My beloved brothers and sisters and revelator. To this high station he was the person to whom that angel came.

friends: I have sought earnestly to precalled through revelation from heaven. Born of humble parents, he lived less

pare myself for this occasion and now He was not appointed nor elected to than thirtynine years. In June 1844,

that it has come my hope and prayer, it by men. he died a martyr, sealing with his own

in which I ask you to join, is that we In 1906, under divine inspiration, blood his witness to the truth, even the may continue to enjoy the sweet influPresident Joseph F. Smith, then God's gospel of Jesus Christ, which through

ence we have felt while listening to the personal representative and mouthpiece him God had restored to earth for the great message of President McKay. in the earth, laid his hands upon Presibenefit of all men.

As I stand before you this morning I dent McKay and conferred upon him This gospel has often been spoken of realize that many of you, unseen by me, the holy apostleship with all its gifts as a way of life. This however is not

are listening in on radio and television. and powers. Pursuant to the order of quite accurate. Consisting as it does

You are most welcome. Indeed, we God's Holy Priesthood which is the of the principles and ordinances necesfeel complimented by your participation government operative in the Church sary to man's exaltation, it is not just

with us. As I speak I shall have you of Christ, he was, in April 1951, sus- a way of life, it is the one and only way

in mind, particularly you who may not tained in and ordained to his present of life by which men may accomplish be members of the Church of Jesus high office. the full purpose of their mortality.

Christ of Latterday Saints. President Joseph F. Smith, who conThe gospel begins with God and

If you have been with us during the ferred the apostleship upon President man's relationship to him.

last hour you have heard, and perhaps McKay, had received his authority in In the early 1800's, the days of the seen, President David O. McKay delike manner from President Brigham Prophet's youth, no living man had a

liver a most timely and inspirational Young. President Young had received correct understanding of God. Proaddress. Moved by it, as I know you his authority from Oliver Cowdery and fessed believers knew no more about

were, perhaps you will be even more Joseph Smith, Jr. him than did the Athenians who posted

impressed if I tell you something about And who was Joseph Smith, Jr.? He inscriptions to the "Unknown God."

his high and holy calling. was none other than God's great prophStirred by a religious revival, moved

You have already observed that he et of the restoration. with a sincere desire to know which, if

is an unusual personality—tall, straight, At the head of every gospel dispenany, of the contending sects was right

dignified, and gracious. Through a desation the Lord has placed one of his and relying upon the promise of James

voted lifelong service to his God and mighty sons—Adam, Noah, Abraham, that, "If any of you lack wisdom, let

to his fellow men he has partaken so for example. Jesus Christ, himself, him ask of God, that giveth to all men

deeply of the divine nature that he is stood at the head of the Dispensation liberally, and upbraideth not; and it

filled with that charity defined by one of the Meridian of Time. Joseph Smith, shall be given him"(James 1:5), Joseph

of the Book of Mormon prophets as the Jr., than whom none of these save Jesus Smith in simple faith and earnest

"pure love of Christ."only was greater, was appointed and prayer sought wisdom from God.

Fine as he is in his own right, the ordained in the heavens to head this The time was spring, 1820. Joseph

great office to which he has been called last and greatest dispensation, the Diswas then in his fourteenth year.

adds to his stature. For he is not just pensation of the Fulness of Times, into The place was Palmyra, Western

the presiding officer of an ordinary which, as rivers into a mighty ocean, New York state.

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA looking. One boy would turn a page, to predict what they would do that a warning: "... In consequence of

then snicker and nudge his companion night. evils and designs which do and will

who would i look, and then he in his Those pictures in the magazines were exist in the hearts of conspiring men turn would guffaw and in a moment or not one whit less than what I saw fifty in the last days, I have warned you, and two repeat the process. years ago. How widespread do you forewarn you...."(D & C 89:4.)

They did not purchase these magabrethren think that practice is? How And the other: "... inasmuch as

zines. After they had satiated themfar does it extend? I would ask you. parents have children in Zion, or in any

selves with the material therein, they My father never knew what I saw. I of her stakes... that teach them not

put them back on the rack and went never did tell him. Do you know what to understand... the sin be upon the

out of the store. I followed them for your sons are looking at when they heads of the parents.... And they

a moment and watched them go up the stop in front of drugstore, department shall also teach their children to pray, street. When they got out into the store, other store magazine racks? and to walk uprightly before the Lord."

open, where they were not inhibited, May I take from the Doctrine and {Ibid., 68:25, 28.)

from the noises they made, from the Covenants two verses of scripture which May God bless us to become alert to laughter, and the joking and the kidding I am sure have not been applied to this probably the most insidious danger that with each other, I would not need to particular thing, but which I should confronts our boys today, I humbly ask have been a prophet to have been able like to apply. One is a prophecy and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The result: God the Eternal Father again establish upon earth, the Church 110:1116.) Thus was the gospel for the

and his Son Jesus Christ appeared to of Jesus Christ; the organization salvation of the dead restored.

him. "I saw two Personages,"he said, through which these principles and Having thus received from heavenly

"whose brightness and glory defy all ordinances can be authoritatively taught beings the foregoing and other endowdescription."These two Personages and administered. To enable him to ments, Joseph Smith the prophet and

spoke to him and called him by name. do so he was endowed with the Holy his associate Oliver Cowdery conferred

He heard their voices and asked them Priesthood which is delegated authorthem upon the members of the Quorum questions. They gave him answer. ity to act in the name of God. of the Twelve Apostles as they were di-

(Pearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith John the Baptist, who held the keys rected by the Lord to do. Brigham

2:17.) of the Aaronic Priesthood in the days Young, one of the original Twelve sucWhen he came out of that sacred of Jesus, now a resurrected person, ceeded the Prophet Joseph as president

interview he knew with certainty the came to earth and laid his hands upon of the Church. President David O.

nature of God. He had seen and conthe heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver McKay, as already pointed out, is today

versed with him. From him he had Cowdery and conferred upon them "the the rightful successor to the Prophet

received a personal introduction to his Priesthood of Aaron, which holds the Joseph Smith. He now holds all the

resurrected Son Jesus Christ. keys of the ministering of angels, and priesthood, keys, and powers received

Smith. of the Prophet of repentance, of Joseph the gospel by and after referred years to In Joseph God

sisbrothers beloved for and remission the baptism by Now, immersion myas "exalted said that an and man,"is it oblifriends, ters our solemn sins."and 13.) of (D & C theboth personages he Son and were

testify to to great joy gation and you Peter, as the John, and James, who fleshof bone, as as tangible and man.

so. are are not these things that the Christ's in of presidency They Church 130:22.)(D & C fables."are devised of "cunningly keys apostolic the dispensation They held

revelations subsequent Through significance. of the utmost Priesthood, and realities Melchizedek he the came We

relationship thatlearned the between to be true keys with this the same the priesthood conferred them and know is that of parent and andGod men that certainty Peter Jesus thereof was Other knew and Oliver. Joseph upon

children. the inhabitants"of "The in to the gospel the Christ delivered answer to beings when, holy them

.. "are"worlds"sons begotten and question, say ye "But held Master's keys they and had received which whom

todaughters. unto said the God,"Lord declared, that dispensations. example, he boldly in former For I am?""Thou

him in one of the revelations. (Ibid., in April of 1836, Moses "committed art the Christ, the Son of the living

76:24.) unto... [them] the keys of the gatherGod."This he knew, said Jesus, beThe Prophet further learned through ing of Israel..."and the restoration cause his Father in heaven had revealed

communication from heaven that as the of the ten tribes. Elias "... committed it unto him. The conviction with

begotten children of God we are enthe dispensation of the gospel of which we speak was obtained in the dowed with the potential to become like Abraham,"and "Elijah the prophet, same way. (Matt. 16:1516.)

him, even as mortal children may bewho was taken to heaven without tastIn like manner every child of God come like their mortal parents. He ing death, stood before [them]... and if he will but do the work as Jesus

came to understand the high ideal prosaid: Behold, the time has fully come, said, may know of the divinity of the

jected by the Savior, "Be ye therefore which was spoken of by the mouth of mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith perfect, Father even as your is President [Elijah] that O. and that David he McKay which is Malachi—testifying

is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.)in heaven likehis legal successor; great the he may and now should be sent, before

Not only did Joseph Smith receive dreadful day of the Lord come—To wise know that the gospel as restored

through divine revelation knowledge turn the hearts of the fathers to the through the Prophet Joseph is the gosconcerning God, man's relationship to children, and the children to the fathers, pel of Jesus Christ, that the Church of him, the doctrine of eternal progression, lest the whole earth be smitten with a Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the and all the other glorious principles curse—Therefore, the keys of this disrepository of that gospel, that the

and ordinances of the gospel of Jesus pensation are committed into your Church possesses the priesthood of God

Christ upon obedience to which man's hands; and by this ye may know that and the gifts of the Holy Spirit of God

exaltation is conditioned, he was also the great and dreadful day of the Lord and that to the Church God has given divinely commissioned to organize, and is near, even at the doors."(Ibid., the commission and the power to preach

DECEMBER 1958 953 the gospel and administer all the and contentions of this world will melt ordinances necessary to the salvation away as the hoarfrost before the burning and exaltation of us, his children. rays of the rising sun. Upon the slim

The Lord is no respector of persons. prospect that such will be the case

He himself has said that, "... every hangs the issue of the preservation or

soul who forsaketh his sins and cometh termination of our present civilization.

unto me, and calleth on my name, and To provide an escape from our threatobeyeth my voice, and keepeth my comened destruction was one of the reamandments, shall see my face and know sons specified by the Lord for restoring that I am."(D & C 93:1.) the gospel. "... knowing the calamity

If enough people can be brought to which should come upon the inhabithis knowledge they will exercise such tants of the earth,"he said, "I the power for righteousness that the strifes Lord, called upon my servant Joseph

THE HERITAGE OF Past material advances have been the are real dangers to our freedom.

fruit free of entergov- scope and variety Today the freedom—ourFREEDOM of operations have life ernmental become American way prise system—ourof our—our Godgiven freedom of choice. The amazingly wide. We are touched by

Ezra Taft Benson progress of the future must stem from government from before we are born of the Council of the Twelve this same basic freedom. until after we die. Government imBecause our forefathers fought for the pinges on our lives every hour of the

ideal of freedom; because our fathers day and night.

My beloved brethren and sisters and preserved that ideal through our free Most of these governmental activities friends, humbly and gratefully I stand enterprise system under our Godgiven are helpful in greater or lesser degree, before you in response to the call of him free agency; because they were willing to of course. But we must face the central

whom we sustain as Prophet, Seer, and make religion the vital force of daily problem of just how much of our lives,

Revelator, and President of the Church. living, all of us have climbed through of our freedom, of our economy, and of

With all my heart I endorse and rejoice the years to new heights of wellbeing our society, we want to entrust to govin the counsel received at this conferand inner strength. ernment.

ence. But it is not only in the moral choice And we must face the further fact of

About a month ago our beloved of right and wrong that man is free. just what division of functions we want

leader, President David O. McKay, Among the relentless quests of human to make between Washington and our

delivered an inspiring prayer at the history, is the quest for political freestate capitals. We must be aware of

dedication of the London Temple. dom. When Patrick Henry shouted his the price we pay when we place more

As an introduction to what I trust immortal "Give me liberty or give me and more of our lives in the hands of the Lord will be pleased to have me say death,"he did not speak idly. When centralized government.

today, I quote a short paragraph from at Philadelphia in 1776, the signers of It is high time we awakened to the that memorable prayer: the Declaration of Independence affixed dangers of excessive government in busi-

"Next to life, we express gratitude for their signatures to that sacred docuness and in agriculture. It is time we

the gift of free agency. When thou ment, they, in a very real sense, were realized the perils of too great a cendidst create man, thou placed within choosing liberty or death. Not one of tralization of power, and too much dehim part of thine Omnipotence and bade them but knew full well that if the pendence on public agencies.

him choose for himself. Liberty and conrevolution failed, if the fight for freeWe have seen in the past quarter

science thus became a sacred part of dom should come to naught, they would century a tremendous shift from indihuman nature. Freedom not only to be branded as rebels and hanged as vidual to governmental responsibility in

think, but to speak and act, is a Godtraitors. many phases of economic and social

given privilege."The inspired founding fathers formulife. We have seen a rapid shift of

Our heritage of freedom is as precious lated a system of government with responsibility from the states to the as life itself. It is truly a Godgiven checks and balances protecting the freefederal government.

gift to man. Since the time of the coundom of the people. But even this was The magnitude of these changes is

cil in heaven, the fight of libertyloving not enough. The first order of the new revealed by a few simple figures.

people for freedom has continued. congress was to draw up a Bill of Rights Twentyfive years ago the federal govFree agency is an eternal principle—ten amendments guaranteeing for all ernment received onefourth of all the

vouchsafed to us in the perfect law of time the fundamental freedoms that the taxes collected in the United States.

liberty—the gospel of Jesus Christ. American people insist are theirs by the Today the federal government—in spite

Freedom of choice is more to be treasured will of God, not by the will of govof the biggest tax cut in history of than any earthly possession. It is ernment. $7,400,000,000 (7.4 percent) in 1954

guaranteed in our heaveninspired ConYes, the founders of this nation becollects not one fourth but threefourths stitution. Yes, freedom is an inherited, queathed to us a heritage of freedom of all our taxes. Twentyfive years ago

inalienable, divine gift to men. and unity that is our most priceless all taxes, federal, state and local, took

When the Savior of mankind wished political possession. 14 percent of our national income. Toto impress on his hearers the fruits of But to be enjoyed, freedom must be day taxes take 31 percent.

his teaching, he used these words: won continually. The major responsi- I recognize that there have been rea-

"... the truth shall make you free."bility of government is to guard the lives sons for doing more things through

(John 8:32.) and safeguard the freedom of its citizens. government, and for doing them from

We are moral agents with freedom to Yet even in the operation of governWashington. Fighting first a prolonged

choose between right and wrong. ment—especially big government—there depression and then a war, unavoidably

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Smith, Jun., and spake unto him from depend upon the conduct of others and humble and solemn witness. To each

heaven, and gave him commandments."that that peace promised by the Savior of you I extend an urgent invitation to

(Ibid., 1:17.) Obedience to the comflows into the heart of every soul who "Come listen to a prophet's voice,

mandments here referred to—the princikeeps his commandments regardless of And hear the word of God,ples and ordinances of the gospel—conwhat others do. Even as Jesus "enAnd in the way of truth rejoice,

stitute the sure and only means of dured the cross""for the joy that was And sing for joy aloud.

escaping the impending calamity. That set before him,"(Hebrews 12:2) so his We've found the way the prophets went

the peoples of the earth will avail themtrue disciples are sustained in their Who lived in days of yore;

selves of this means of escape is by no trials by an inner peace and the glorious Another prophet now is sent means certain. But whether they do hope and assurance of eternal life. This knowledge to restore."

or they whether are the fruits of the gospel of do not Such Daynes they who know—Joseph

forthe truth are Christ. not dismayed, of they Jesus in the God bless you, I pray, J. name

know that the promised blessings do not Of these glorious gospel truths I bear Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.

shifted responsibility to the federal departments and dependent upon the we need to recognize these facts; progovernment. The shrinking of time and federal treasury for their support. grams which obscure them are contrary

distance and the growing interdependIt has been truly said by our present to public interest.

ence of our economic lives have all conChief Executive that, "The federal govThe thought that the federal governtributed to a centralization of authority ernment did not create the states of this ment is wealthy and the states povertyat the national capital. Republic. The states created the federal stricken is a dangerous illusion. The

Yet, deep in their hearts, the Amerigovernment...—if the states lose federal debt is now eight times as great

can people instinctively know that great their meaning our entire system of govas the combined debt of the fortyeight concentration of power is an evil and ernment loses its meaning and the next states. It is difficult for the states to

a dangerous thing. They do not need step is the rise of the centralized namake a strong case for assistance from

to have it proved. tional state in which the seeds of autocthe federal government when anything

What lies behind this conviction? racy can take root and grow."the federal government spends must

Basically, it is an intuitive knowledge Those are strong but true words. come from the states.

that, sooner or later, the accumulation The history of all mankind shows The states not only have rights, they of power in a central government leads very clearly that if we would be free also have responsibilities, and they have to a loss of freedom. Once power is and if we would stay free—we must opportunities.

concentrated, even for helpful purposes, stand eternal watch against the acIn the last analysis, we are not trying it is all there, in one package, where it cumulation of too much power in govto protect one government entity from can be grabbed by those who may not ernment. another. We are trying to protect the

be helpful in its use. There is hardly a single instance in rights of individual people. If we ever

If power is diffused, this cannot hapall of history where the dictatorial cenforget this, the whole process of governpen. This is why the founders of our tralization of power has been compatible ment is pointless.

country carefully divided power bewith individual freedoms—where it has George Washington said: "Governtween the state and federal levels. not reduced the citizenry to the status ment is not reason, it is not eloquence

Nothing has happened in the meanof pawns and mere creatures of the it is force! Like fire, it is a dangerous

time to call in question the validity state. God forbid that this should hapservant and a fearful master!"

of this arrangement. pen in America. Yet I am persuaded "It is hardly lack of due process,"said

Our traditional federalstate relationthat the continuation of the trend of the the Supreme Court, "for the government ship, we must never forget, starts with past twentyfive years could make us to regulate that which it subsidizes."

a general presumption in favor of state pallbearers at the burial of the states as But we must remember as President and individual rights. Under the coneffective units of government. Clark has counseled us that a planned

stitutional concept, powers not granted The drift toward centralization of and subsidized economy weakens initiato the federal government are reserved power is not inevitable. It can be tive, discourages industry, destroys charto the states or to the people. slowed down, halted, reversed. acter, and demoralizes the people.

conthe work toward must Our people Many forces state local governments and How? By

level.centration at federal of power remain economy must remainfree—freefree. Ourof is theirs insisting that the responsibility

It somehow seems easier to impose sofor problems that are essentially local excessive government paternalism, regilocalities tocalled "progress"than on and control. and state upon this, mentation, problems—insisting for bringwait it about As a nation, themthem to we are strong. With the with knowledge that responsibility

selves. Raids on the federal treasury and authority go hand in hand. the freedom of economic enterprise that

all possess, readily are able too accomplished to becan as by produce we we in Inevitably, centralized federal proall industrial feeble prorest over the as goods fewan organized the much the spent is not as wisely grams money oftests apathetic majority. of the any world though With combined—even as states participated if the financially.

are six activity in only percent the centered ofmore and more world's the we federal government, the relationship The people come to look to the fedpeople and possess only six percent between the costs and the benefits of eral government as the provider, at no of the world's land.

government programs becomes obscure. cost to them, of whatever is needful. These abundant blessings have come

What follows is the voting of public The truth is that the federal governto us through an economic system which money without having to accept direct ment has no funds which it does not rests largely on three pillars:

local responsibility for higher taxes. first, in some manner, take from the 1. Free enterprise... the right to

If this trend continues, the states people. A dollar cannot make the round venture... the right to choose.

may be left hollow shells, operating trip to Washington and back without 2. Private property... the right to

primarily as the field districts of federal shrinking in the process. As taxpayers own.

DECEMBER 1958 955 of the good things of life than any other tended to carry. As their schemes begin

system. The fundamental reason is to break down, more and more controls

that our economy is free. It must remust be supplied. Patch is placed upon

main free. In that freedom ultimately patch, regulation is added to regulation

lies our basic economic strength. and ultimately, by degrees, freedom is

Let us admit the weaknesses that exist. lost—without our desiring to lose it

Let us work aggressively to correct them. and without our knowing why or how it

But never let us make the catastrophic was lost.

blunder of putting chains on our basic Our heritage of freedom is threatened economic freedom. by another group—selfseeking men who

Yes, our phenomenal material adsee in government legislation a way to vancesfreedom—ourhave beenfree enterprisethe fruit systemof our obtainor to restrainspecial theirprivilegecompetitors.for themselvesThey our American way of life—our Goduse demagoguery as a smokescreen to degiven freedom of choice. ceive. These people have no love for

The progress of the future must stem freedom or enterprise. They would

from this same basic freedom. bargain away their birthright for a mess

Yet these basic American beliefs, of pottage. They would learn the

principles, and attitudes are threatened value of freedom only after it was gone.

3. A market economy... the right today as never before. A third, still much smaller group is

to exchange. By whom are they threatened? dedicated to the overthrow of the eco-

W@rking together, we can maintain They are threatened by wellmeaning nomic and social system that is our the strength of these three pillars. but uninformed people who see the tradition. Their philosophy does not

There are some in our midst, nevershortcomings of our economic system stem from Jefferson, but is foreign to theless, who decry free enterprise, who and believe they can legislate them out our shores. It is a total philosophy of

would place business, agriculture, and of existence. They try to reach the life, atheistic, and utterly opposed to all

labor in a government strait jacket. promised land by passing laws. They that we hold dear as a great Christian

Our economic order is not perfect, do not understand our economic system nation. These men understand our

because it is operated by imperfect huand its limitations. They would load system thoroughly—and they hate it

man beings, but it has given us more it down with burdens it was never inthoroughly. They enlist innocent but

along the Waste, it, as Wind willynilly blowing.THE BIG THREE trywe tohavekeepthisourselvesimportantout offieldtrouble.of religionThen AndI knowoutnotof whither,

by use of which we look out for our

Sterling W. Sill spiritualThe biggestwelfare.problems involved in any Upseventhfrom GateEarth's Centre through the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of these fields center in us. Probably I rose, and on the Throne of Saturn sate,

the thing that we know less about than And many a Knot unravel'd by the anything else in the world is our own Road;

individual selves. You can ask a man But not the Master Knot of Human

One of the most important businesses many questions about science, invention, Fate.

in the world is the business of holding or history, and he will answer you. There was a Door to which I found no

conventions. This week in every imBut if you ask him to write out an Key:

portant center in this and other counanalysis of himself, to tell you about There was a veil past which I could tries men and women will be assembling his mind and soul qualities, or if you not see.

in groups to discuss their problems, exask him how he became the kind of (Rubaiyat, Stanza 2829, 3132.)

get very goodchange ideas, and develop techniques man he is—you may not

for accomplishment. I have had an answers. Or suppose that you ask him Shakespeare's Macbeth gave his opininteresting experience during these past where he came from, why he is here, ion of the importance and purpose of

few months of meeting with several or where he is going. What kind of existence by saying,

occupational groups and listening to answer do you think you would get? "It [Life] is a tale told by an idiot,

them discuss their interests. After each How long do you think it would take full of sound and fury, signifying nothexperience I have thought how much someone to get to a given destination ing."(Macbeth, Act V, Sc. 5.) And

more interesting, and how tremendously if he didn't know where he was going Hamlet added, more important, are the things that we or why the journey was being made? "How weary, stale, flat and unprofitdiscuss in the Church, where we meet "The Big Three"among life's questions able, seem to me all the uses of this

and talk about God and eternal life are: Whence? Why? Whither? world!... 'Tis like an unweeded garand how to build character and godliThe old Persian philosopher Omar den, that goes to seed; things rank and

ness into our own lives. Khayyam wrestled long and hard with gross in nature possess it merely."(HamAll education is primarily about ourthese questions without getting any very let, Act I, Sc. 2.)

selves. We study medicine to learn satisfactory answers. He summarizes What I would like to say this morning

how to keep ourselves well physically. his conclusions as follows: is that some of the most stimulating

Through the studies of the mind ideas ever known in the world are the psychology and psychiatry—we learn I came like Water, and like Wind I go. thrilling answers to the big three given

how to keep ourselves well mentally. in the revelations of the Lord.

Agriculture is how we feed ourselves. Into this Universe, and why not knowing Our lives have been divided into three

The social studies teach us to live toNor whence, like Water willynilly general periods. First there was a long

gether, successfully. We study law to flowing: premortal existence when we lived as

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA willing followers from the uninformed priceless gift to mankind sprang from tary expediency—often selfishly motiand the unprincipled. Through rabblethe God of heaven and not from govvated—is to endanger our noble heritage

rousing and demagoguery they play ernment. Yes, the founding fathers and is unworthy of this great American

upon the economic reverses and hardwelded together the safeguards as best people.

ships of the unsuspecting. They promthey could, but freedom must be conWith all my heart I love this nation.

ise the impossible, and call black tinually won to be enjoyed. Let us I have lived and traveled abroad just

white, and mislead with fallacies masnever forget these facts. enough to make me appreciate rather

queraded as truth. This is America—the land of opporfully what we have here. To me, this

If we lose our freedoms, it will be to tunity! A land choice above all other is not just another nation. This is not

this strange and unlike coalition of the lands. Let us keep it so! just one of a family of nations. This

wellintentioned, the slothful, and the We, here in America, as Theodore is a nation with a great mission for the subversives. Roosevelt said a half century ago, "hold benefit and blessing of libertyloving

enough—becauseIt will be becausewe weweredid notnot alertcare infateourof handsthe comingthe hopeyears,of theandworld,shamethe victionpeople everywhere.that the ConstitutionIt is my firmof conthisenough—because we were too apathetic and disgrace will be ours if in our eyes land was established by men whom the

to take note while the precious waters the light of high resolve is dimmed, if God of heaven raised up unto this very of our Godgiven freedom slipped we trail in the dust the golden hopes purpose.

drop by drop—down the drain. of men."The days ahead are sobering and

Heaven forbid that this should come With God's help the light of high challenging and will demand the faith, to pass! resolve in the eyes of the American prayers, and loyalty of every American.

Let us remember that we are a prospeople must never be dimmed! Our Our challenge is to keep America strong

perous people today because of a free freedom must—and will—be preserved. and free—strong socially, strong ecoenterprise system founded on spiritual, Yes... this is a choice land—choice nomically, and above all, strong spiritnot material values. It is founded on above all others. Blessed by the Alually, if our way of life is to endure.

freedom of choice—free agency—an mighty, our forebears have made and There is no other way. Only in this

eternal Godgiven principle. kept it so. It will continue to be a land course is there safety for our nation.

The founding fathers, inspired though of freedom and liberty as long as we God grant we may resolutely follow they were, did not invent the priceless are able to advance in the Tight of this course in humility and faith, I blessing of individual freedom and resound and enduring principles of right. humbly pray in the name of Jesus

spect for the dignity of man. No, that To sacrifice such principles for momenChrist. Amen.

the spirit children of God. This is chapter first. She wants to know where established homes may lack some of the

followed by a brief mortality. Then she is going before she gets started. advantages of the homes of their parents,

comes an everlasting immortality. There And that is a pretty good idea to apply it is still important for them to learn to

is a definite purpose to be accomplished to our own future. An intelligent "prestand on their own feet, to be tested,

in each of these periods, and our sucview"of the third act can be allim- and proven and tried. In our own case,

cess in each depends upon what we portant to the final outcome. But first, God wanted us to see good and evil side

did in those periods preceding. In this suppose that we go back and review by side and learn to make the right

respect we might compare life with a briefly the first act. choices on our initiative. We would

threeact play. If you came into the In the preexistence, as in the two have far more freedom in this if we

theatre after the first act had been finother periods, Jesus is our example. were living by ourselves than in the

ished and left before the third act beNothing could be plainer from the more immediate presence of God.

gan, you might not understand the scriptures than that the life of Christ In the grand council our second play. For about the same reasons this did not begin at Bethlehem, nor did it estate was explained to us. An earth

life, taken by itself, simply did not make end on Calvary. It is equally true that was to be created to serve as our new

sense to Hamlet, Macbeth, or Omar our lives do not begin or end within home. We were to be given wonderful,

Khayyam. Yet each period has great the narrow boundaries of mortality. beautiful bodies of flesh and bones

significance. The first things we knew about ourwithout which we could not have a

The Lord has said, "And they who selves were in the grand council in fulness of joy. For the first time in

keep their first estate shall be added heaven where our own future was being our existence we were to be endowed upon; and they who keep not their discussed. You were there; God was with the powers of procreation. We

first estate shall not have glory in the there; all the spirit children of God were to have the privilege of organizing

same kingdom with those who keep were there. Then we walked by sight. a family to last through time and

their first estate; and they who keep We have all seen God; he is our father; eternity. This should be bound totheir second estate shall have glory he was helping to prepare us for the gether by the authority of the priesthood

added upon their heads for ever and great experiences of our second estate. and sealed and sanctified in the temple

ever."(Abr. 3:26.) All life is primarily a preparation. of the Lord. We were to have the opIn order to make an intelligent road We prepare for school; we prepare for portunity to gain experience in exercising

map for the accomplishment of our marriage; we prepare for our life's our free agency to help us to become

lives we need to know what happened work; we prepare for death. Our presovereign souls. At this grand council

in the first act. We also need to unexistence was also a preparation. It the Savior was selected and ordained to

derstand the tremendous importance of was the childhood of our immortality. come to the earth and redeem us from

those purposes to be achieved in the We had come to a place in our preparaour sins.

second act. And we need to know many tion where all young people always Abraham, in telling of a vision that

things about the third act—and we need come, where it is desirable for them to he was given of the preexistence said,

to know them before the third act bemove away from the homes of their "Now the Lord had shown unto me, gins. I have a relative who when she parents where they can be by themAbraham, the intelligences that were

reads a book always reads the last selves. Even though their newlyorganized before the world was; and

DECEMBER 1958 957 ham, thou art one of them; thou wast seems to me that no One should have

chosen before thou was born."(Abr. any problem believing in the eternal

3:2223.) life of the body who can believe in its

Adding to Abraham's statement that creation through birth to begin with there were many noble and great who that two microscopic cells can unite were ordained to positions of responsiand by a spontaneous process of subdivibility, Joseph Smith indicates that we sion create this great masterpiece which were also ordained. He said, "Every is a human being, including body, mind,

man who has a calling to minister to and personality.

the inhabitants of this earth was orReferring to the Savior's birth, Matdained to that very purpose in the grand thew said: "Now when Jesus was born

council in heaven before the world was."in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of

(DHC 6:364.) Herod the king, behold there came wise

After this part of our preparation had men from the east to Jerusalem, been completed, we are told that "all "Saying, Where is he that is born the sons of God shouted for joy."(Job King of the Jews? for we have seen

38:7.) I feel certain that if we knew his star in the east, and are come to

now what we understood perfectly then, worship him."(Matt. 2:1-2.) That

we would be willing to go on our hands is the question that wise men have been and knees through life for the opporasking ever since. Ever since that day

among all these there were many of the tunity of proving ourselves faithful and nearly two thousand years ago, wise noble and great ones. deserving of our magnificent oppormen have been inquiring, "Where can

"And God saw these souls that they tunities. we find Jesus? How can we know the

were good, and he stood in the midst Then we came into our second estate Savior?"For "there is none other

of them and he said, These I will make through the miracle of birth. There name given whereby man can be saved."

my rulers; for he stood among those are some who claim to have difficulty (D & C 18:23.) The journey of the

that were spirits, and he saw that they in believing in the possibility of a wise men was over when they had were good, and he said unto me: Abraliteral physical bodily resurrection. It found the king; and so is ours.

Sunday Afternoon session, economic circumstances, etc. The report principles of the gospel. We have a lot

October 12, 1958 reemphasized strongly the vital imof youth problems and we know it, difportance to the wellbeing of young ficulties in many fields of youth bepeople of a home where love and interhavior and experience. Then there is

est are shown, fair rules are where there in our communities, the nation, and a"FOR MAN IS consistently enforced, there is a great where with problem adults unhappy

SPIRIT"religious atmosphere in the home and broken homes, marriages, and lives; inreligious activity outside it, and where creasing incidence of moral decadence,

parents set the proper affirmative examof alcoholism; increasing prison incarMarion D. Hanks ple. cerations and so forth. There is a third

of the First Council of the SeventySince I read the article I have been problem that I am not sure we have even more grateful for the home I grew thought much about (perhaps in the up in, humble as it was in terms of mateChurch we do not know as much about

Through this conference I have been rial things; for a loving father, who was it as a problem as some do), and that

feeling a great warm surge of graticalled home in our infancy; for a wonis the field of geriatrics, the subdivision

that to the I belong of medicine dealing the elderly with brothers derful mother and and and sisterstude—gratitude

Christ of Latterday ofChurch of Jesus lose status love, through unselfishness, aging, many whose and the whom

Saints, gratitude that there has come to cooperative effort I came to enjoy some in the family, community, and business me, in spite of my limitations, the blessings that they did not have themwith advancing age.

blessing of service and the blessing of selves. Some recent experiences have perlearning to know and to love so many I am grateful that I know something mitted me the privilege of observing

of you, to feel your strength, understand about some of the problems that exist and participating in activities having to your purpose, and observe your dedicain the world and that I have the privido with some of these problems. Out

tion. lege of counseling, weeping, and symof those experiences I have come with

I have been grateful for the marvelpathizing with some of the people who increased gratitude to my Heavenly ous sermons, the great themes of truth have them. Father that in the graciousness and

which have been here uttered. I was I am grateful for the kind of moungoodness of his love we have been

very grateful this morning as these tains that the choir has just sung about blessed with the principles, programs, strong and forthright and inspired mes- (as well as for other mountains) and and inspiration which can preserve us sages went out to the world. that God blesses us with strength from the most serious of these problems,

Last night I read on the editorial page enough to climb if we are humble help us overcome them to the measure of the Deseret News an account of a enough. we find ourselves in them, and lead us,

survey, actually a clinical research inRecently I have been thinking about through God's good gifts, to the happiquiry, of a number of men incarcerated three great areas of problems which ness here and the eternal opportunity in the Utah State prison as compared actually encompass the whole of huhereafter which we are meant to enjoy.

with an equal number outside the prison man experience, the whole of an indiThere is no occasion today to do more who were of the same general backvidual's life, thinking about them in than recognize the existence of the probground as to age, intellect, social, and terms of the Church program and the lems and to testify of my deep assur958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then we enter the third act. Most That is our proper objective for the where God is, to where our mothers,

of the rewards come in the last act. last act. Death is the gateway to imfathers, and families are.

There is where we find "the happy endmortality. The most important part of After the resurrection we will have

ings."That is also where we discover life is death. James M. Barrie's little these wonderful bodies, celestialized and

the tragedies, depending upon the kind character, Peter Pan, in an extremity glorified, with quickened senses, ampliof life we have lived in our second cried out bravely, "To die will be an fied powers of perception and vastly estate. awful big adventure."Who can doubt increased capacity for understanding,

There is an old Greek play written that it will be so? We live to die, and love, and happiness. Not only will our

around the fall of Athens. It tells of then we die to live. bodies be immortal and celestial but

a Roman general who had captured an Yesterday the singing mothers inspired our personalities will be immortal

Athenian philosopher. The Roman had us with John Howard Payne's immortal and celestial also. If we have properly

estate, then our second during prepared thattold Athenian the he was to be verse, Sweet "Home,* Home."When

sing with enthusiasm we willwhat did philosopher death, but theput to in 1822, written this song John with was not seem greatly disturbed and the Howard Payne was living in Paris, far John Howard Payne, "There is no place

Roman thought that probably he didn't away from the old homestead which he like home."

understand. And he said to the knew and loved so well. But he was in I would like to leave with you my

Athenian that maybe he did not know the process of preparing to go home for testimony that the gospel of Jesus Christ earth the the to restored with has been it exdie. to Athenian meant Thewhat holiday. knew, muchanticipated a We

all of the in administer authority to but himself thatpressed understood he holidays happiest that the as know we cethe to with do having ordinances felt understand. did not thehe Roman for. go those are go home To home we

of flood great lestial new kingdom. A his captor: to saidHe is up; grew to back home you where go into the recently has come knowledge it is to dost not what know "Thou are; is father and mother and where of great three volumes world, including it isdie, dost for not what thou know going home. was Payne Howard John detail in every outlining scripture new is It live. live. to die to beginto To

it every before long will very not be But quesimportant the to most the answersis all stale to and work weary end and to begin a nobler and a better. It is to one of us will also be going home. tions of our lives. May God help us to

leave the company of deceitful knaves We will also be going back to where understand and live those answers, I for the society of gods and goodness."we grew up; we will be going back to pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ance that through proper parenthood everything to do with choosing what which can lead us to effective, particiand leadership and instruction, and sort of father my own children shall pating citizenship in the community and through a willingness to learn, hearken, have. I give you my word that I shall in the kingdom; which, whatever kind

and participate, the principles of the think about and act upon it from now of home we came from, can lead us to gospel and the great programs of the on. be the sort of father or mother we would

Church will help us avoid or overcome My wonderful young friends, in the have been pleased to choose had we had most of the difficulties which beset us. Church and out of it, you face real the opportunity.

to or occasion is in story point which a There a principle I mention last night. as of I readthought A youngI challengesobjectives andand opportunitiesgreat pressures,beforebut youthe be Withoutdetailed, themayintention

Lord for our us by the or two given at you, I I look are marvelous. When in his lost his father had whoman

intellectually, physically, wellbeing, of tomorthe leaders see in you not do earliest elderly medical years to an went socially, and spiritually. are, the emotionally, only; I you now see what of his row, friend a close been had whoman

understanding the Lord Consider the girl friends, 1 the young and boy friends kind doctor father the asked what and this of to the nature us as given has today. of your In wives and husbands old his been. father of had The man

spirit. houses our physical which body you, before stretching ahead hands, 'the a question with doctor answered

"... soul are the the the spirit body and for deoccasions important there are have could question: "Suppose you

is of "For man."decisions that will man choice, (D cision & C 88:15.) and your chosen father—that eternal, are elements and The affect happiness and spirit. in this world your of he would man be—whatis, wouldwhat kindyour spirit coninseparably element, and future. eternal your choice been?"have

joy. of a receive fulness nected, negative judgments you make Do that replied he would young The man the of tabernacle are elements teachers "The leaders parents, the and about courageous chosen one washave who

is the tabernacle yea, of God, God; thought man have? you Have you now kind, true; wise, a forthright and and

is whatsoever temples; even temple and of parents, kind about what enough worker, worshiper, a loving man; and

defiled, destroy that shall temple."to are going teachers God leaders you and described of servant God. and He (Ibid., 93:33, 35.) faroff challenges, are not be? These father, ideal clearly forcefully an and

I to grateful that understand less in are time than you; my they am upon is sort that the "Doctor, asked: then

is eternal, physical nonevil an body blessings these conceive can you now of was?"man my father soul, of that eternal and component yours. will be burdens my and

Said the doctor. "As your father's A few weeks ago I sat in an audi- I have, therefore, a duty to honor and

friend, let me ask you another question. torium in the East with some of the respect and care for it, and to refrain

Is that the sort of man you have chosen leading businessmen in America and from knowingly imposing upon it any to be the father of your own children?"heard Brother Benson discuss the Youth treatment or substances deleterious to it.

The young man said, "With all my Fitness Program now underway across While I could not choose nor govern thinking about life and its responsibilithe land. As the viewpoints of the the condition of the body into which

ties, I confess I have not thought about Church were so impressively presented I came, I have the responsibility to give this important matter in just that way I was again moved with gratitude that it the best care I can, and if I do not before. Though I had nothing to do through revelation the Lord has blessed I am acting in derogation of a great

with choosing my own father, I have us with the principles and the programs gift of God.

DECEMBER 1958 of the narcotics (and by this term I of our own families. The family, sealed

mean liquor, tobacco, tea and coffee), together under the 'law of God, is the and if he has not eaten to excess, he eternal unit, and our own high possivery likely may continue to be achievbilities in the eternities are contingent ingly efficient up to his eightieth birthupon our relationship with our family, day, and in some cases until his as well as with our Heavenly Father and ninetieth."his other children.

The testimony of the times corrobUnderlying all that has been reorates what Edison said, and what the vealed to us the Lord has given us to

Lord told us—information that has been know that we are his children, that life

in our hands for more than sixscore is purposeful and meaningful, and that years. we are blessed with the possibility -of

The Lord has blessed us with knowl- a high destiny. I thank God that I

edge that we are under obligation to know these things, and I pray that he develop our minds, for "The glory of will bless us to understand that though

God is intelligence,"(Ibid., 93:36) and we may have partaken of some of the

"It is impossible for a man to be saved problems of the world, though we may in ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.) He has have undergone some of the tragedies

given particular emphasis to spiritual of the world, there is hope and answer truth, but in addition to charging the for us in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

early brethren to teach one another the Though we could not choose or direct doctrines of the kingdom, he also inin our earliest days the home we grew structed them to prepare themselves in up in or the parents who bore us, yet

For some time I have wanted to put a wide field of knowledge, including we can do something about the sort into the record a statement by Thomas languages, history, and law. In the of parents we are or will be, and about

Edison in his autobiography, made in Church there are the principles and the home our children will grow up in.

the twilight of his productive life: program which can lead us to the pos- I thank the Lord for the good things

"The useful man never leads the easy, session of minds that are clean and he has blessed us with, and pray that sheltered, knockless, unshocked life. At honest, educated, trained, controlled, we may have the wisdom to be stead-

[age] thirtysix he ought to be prepared creative, productive, and useful. fast and faithful and to do that which

to deal with realities, and after that We have received the word of the will perpetuate for those who are to until he is sixty he should be able to Lord that "... men are, that they might come the blessings which the Lord has

handle them with a steadily increasing have joy,"(2 Nephi 2:25) and we know made available through the principles

efficiency. that there is joy in responsible relationand programs and inspired leadership

"Subsequently, if he has not injured ships with our fellow men. As this is of his great Church.

his body by excess indulgence in any true of other men, it is especially true In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

"... ALWAYS BE A ofthroughthe Church.the courtesyI imagineof the todayradio thatand toismtellthatwhatappealedhe had tofoundhim.in MormonHe said,

MISSIONARY"television stations there will be many "If you have hunted for something all listening in who are not yet members your life until you decided it did not

LeGrand Richards of this Church. I am sure they will exist, and then you just happen to

be some day when they know what we stumble on to it, you do not need of the Council of the Twelve know about it. I have always said that anybody to tell you that you have found

there is not an honest man or an honit, do you?"He said, "That is what

I feel very grateful, brothers and sisest woman in this world who really I did when I found Mormonism and ters, for the privilege that is mine to be loves the Lord who would not join this the thing about it that is most wonderassociated with you in this great conChurch if he knew what it was. ful to me is the fact that the more I

ference, and my heart has been made Those of us who have had missionary know about it the more wonderful it to rejoice in the wonderful messages experience know how our hearts have becomes."

we have received and the testimonies been made to rejoice when we find peo- I have a testimony here, copied from that have been borne. Not only that, ple who really love the Lord and who a letter from a lady who wrote in to

but I have been made very happy to want to serve him the way the Lord the Bureau of Information for informagreet so many of you on the block and wants to be served, and they come to a tion about the Church. She said she

in the building whom it has been my knowledge of the truth. Sometimes we had hunted for fiftythree years to find

privilege to meet as I travel through the find people who bave looked for years the truth, and then she told about the

Church and visit the various stakes of and years to find the truth. I had a various institutions and churches she

Zion. I have a profound respect and letter from a man recently, a prominent had investigated, and after getting our

appreciation for the faith of you Latterattorney who had investigated many literature, she finally joined the Church, day Saints, for the great work you are churches, and when he found "Morand after so doing this is what she accomplishing in your own localities. monism,"as it is known to him, he wrote:

I never return from a conference but said he had found an answer to all of "I now have a serenity and comwhat I say to my good wife, "My, the his seeking. And some years ago, in my posure and inner strength and an inward

Saints are wonderful,"and I thank the missionary work, we brought an attorjoy which I never before possessed. Do

Lord that I am a part of this great orney into the Church. He was an inall souls receiving enlightenment exclaim

ganization. telligent man. We asked him to talk within their silent heart, feeling comIt has been my privilege to spend in one of our conferences, and he said passion for a blind, groping, and grievmuch of my life in the missionary work something like this—we had asked him ing world, 'O suffering world, I come.

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Everybody watches channel 5

and the reason this season is the fine

family fare on five. There's something

for you and everyone else at the five spot on your TV dial.

KSLTV channel 5 Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1958 961 A I MM /*. tion to make to you,'"and the probecause ye know not the scriptures?"

position was that they should bring (Mark 12:24.)

some family into the Church. Then he If we knew the scriptures, we would

said to his wife, "The young man that understand them. Let me give you an

I work with in the office seems to be illustration. While I was still the Prequite a fine man, and if you are willing siding Bishop, we brought the plans of

I will invite him and his wife to our the great Los Angeles Temple to show home and we will have them for to the First Presidency. There were

supper."eightyfive pages, and we did not have

Well, of course when the supper was them complete—the electrical work and

over they had to talk about something, the heating facilities were not done and you know what they talked about, eightyfive pages about five feet long and the letter was written to tell me and threefeet wide. It was glorious to

the joy he and his wife had because look upon those plans and see that that couple had now joined the Church. temple, but not a hole had been dug

I tell you, it will bring great joy into in the ground. Compare that with

I come.'the lives of people when they know when we went to the dedication, and

The missionaries find ample compenwhat the Church is. in the evening when the floodlights

sation for the great work they are doing I want to say to you today that my were turned on that magnificent buildwhen they see honest souls who seek testimony is such that I believe we live ing, it was just as if some ethereal thing after righteousness brought to a knowlin the great day of fulfilment. As I had been dropped down from heaven.

edge of the truth through their instruthink of the history of the past, two I thank God that it is my privilege to mentality. The Lord said to the early great events stand out paramount above live in the day of fulfilment of the

elders of the Church that if they should all others in religious history, and all things that the prophets have foretold labor all their days and bring save one the prophets have looked to those days for the latter days to prepare the way soul unto him, how great would be and testified of them. The first was the for the coming of the Lord.

their joy with that soul in the kingdom coming of the Redeemer of the world, I give you the words of the Apostle of the Father. and you will remember that when he Peter. He said:

I want to bear you witness that many came, he took the Holy Scriptures to "We have also a more sure word of of us have great joy in the companionprove to the people that he had come prophecy; whereunto ye do well that

ship of those to whom it has been our in fulfilment of the words of the prophye take heed, as unto a light that shinprivilege to bring the restored gospel of ets. You remember his statement as he eth in a dark place, until the day dawn,

the Lord Jesus Christ, and I want to walked along the way toward Emmaus and the day star arise in your hearts:

say to you that the Latterday Saints with two of his disciples following his "Knowing this first, that no prophecy are doing a great work in providing resurrection, and their eyes were holden of the scripture is of any private inmissionaries. It is the most unselfish that they did not recognize him. After terpretation.

movement I think this world has ever he had heard what they had to say and "For the prophecy came not in old known. There is no thought of any seeing that they did not realize what time by the will of man: but holy men

monetary compensation. Sacrifices are his mission was, he said, "O fools, and of God spake as they were moved by the

made by young and old alike in order slow of heart to believe all that the Holy Ghost."(II Peter 1:1921.)

to carry the gospel to those who are prophets have spoken,"(Luke 24:25) If you will think about that for a

yet in darkness, and we invite everyone and beginning with Moses and the minute, and then consider the words of to join with us. prophets, he showed them how that in Isaiah where he said that the Lord had

Sometimes I wonder if we have inall things the prophets had testified of proclaimed the end from the beginning, vited our neighbors and our friends to him. Then he opened their underthen the prophets have, as it were,

become a part of us, and if we do, then standing that they might understand drawn a blueprint of what the Lord we will find the joy that comes in being the scriptures for all the prophets had intended to do, and we live now in the instruments in the hand of the Lord in looked to that great event. Dispensation of the Fulness of Times

carrying the truth to them. The second great event is when he that has been referred to in this conPresident McKay indicated today that shall come in power and great glory in ference, for the Apostle Paul said that

we are all missionaries. In fact, he has the latter days, to reign as King of the Lord had revealed unto him the

told us that each of us should be a miskings and Lord of lords, and all of the mystery of his will, sionary, and while we are not all called prophets have looked to our day. I "That in the Dispensation of the Fuland set apart to go from door to door, wonder sometimes if we are mindful ness of Times he might gather together

we are called by the Lord, for he said: enough in order to interpret the promin one all things in Christ, both which

"Let every man who is warned, warn ises of the prophets. I think of the are in heaven, and which are on earth;

his neighbor,"(See D & C 88:81) and words of the Savior when he said: even in him."(Ephesians 1:10.)

that is a call from the Lord, and Presi- "Search the scriptures; for in them I want to say unto you that no other

dent McKay has asked that each of us ye think ye have eternal life: and they people have a program of uniting all

should be a missionary and try to bring are they which testify of me."(John things which are in heaven and which

someone into the Church. 5:39.) are on earth. We understand this in

I repeated that request in a stake con- I like to look upon the scriptures as the great work that is being done by ference a few months ago, and a few a blueprint that shows the things that the living for the dead, and that brings weeks thereafter, I received a twopage God intended to do, and I think it is a us to another great event that was to typewritten letter from a young man wonderful thing to know what the transpire in the latter days, to which who was in that conference. He was a prophets have had to say, but I think Brother Romney referred this morning

son of the stake president. He was only it is more wonderful to live in the day the coming of Elijah the Prophet to

there visiting on an assignment. He of the fulfilment of the promises of the turn the heart of the fathers to the

said, "Brother Richards, I heard you reprophets. The Savior puts his stamp children, and the heart of the children

quest each of us to try to bring someone of approval upon the necessity of knowto their fathers, lest he come and smite into the Church. I believed that you ing the scriptures. He said to the the earth with a curse. (Mai. 4:5-6.)

meant me, so I wrote my wife and said, Pharisees who endeavored to catch him Who knows anything about that great 'When I come home I have a proposiin his words: "Do you not therefore err program of uniting the children on the

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wishing You a Warm and Friendly

Jimmm

JLhIS YEAR your gas company has brought the warmth of natural gas to thousands of additional homes in the area we serve, bringing our family of customers to about 150,000. For this we are both proud and thankful. And

now, as the yule approaches, all of us at Mountain Fuel

Supply Company wish you and yours a most joyous holiday season.

We are proud to be afactor in the development of this territory.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving 150,000 customers in 77 Utah and Wyoming Communities with Natural Gas

DECEMBER 1958 963 W*1ffi. WW

copartners, as it were, with the Lord recording of the fulfilment of those through bearing his Holy Priesthood, promises. So we have the record of the

to help establish his kingdom in the fulfilment of all these promises.

earth. I leave you one more passage of

If there is to be a restitution of all scripture before I close, and that is in things, that presupposes that it cannot the third chapter of Malachi, where the be a reformation. It also presupposes Lord said he would send his messenger

that the truth did not remain upon the to prepare the way for his coming, that earth. There is not time today for me he would come swiftly to his temple,

to go into the prophecies of the falling and who would abide the day of his away, but men of our day have borne coming, because he would be as refiner's witness that the truth is not upon the fire and fullers'soap.

earth with their parents who have gone earth. I like the statement contained I call attention to the fact that he

beyond except the Church of Jesus in Smith's Bible Dictionary, prepared did not come to his temple in the

Christ of Latterday Saints, as the Lord by seventythree divines and bible stuMeridian of Time, and I ask you today, has revealed these great truths in our dents, in which they say: where is a people in all the world that

day? "We must not expect to see the are building temples to the Most High?

Referring again to the words of Peter Church of Holy Scripture actually exYou know the record of this Church, where he said, "We have also a more isting in its perfection on the earth. It the number of temples that have been

sure word of prophecy,"(II Pet. 1:19) is not to be found thus perfect, either dedicated in recent years. This great

I now give you his words on the day of in the collected fragments of Christentemple that stands upon this block, and

Pentecost to those who had crucified dom, or still less in any of those yet the churches know not what temthe Lord when he called them back fragments."ples are for, nor do they have a knowlto repentance, saying: How wonderful, when seventythree edge of the ordinances that are to be

"Repent ye therefore, and be connoted divines trying to find the truth performed therein. We would not know

verted, that your sins may be blotted just by reading the scriptures without either, except that we live in the day out, when the times of refreshing shall the living testimony of the Spirit, come that Peter spoke of, to prepare the way come from the presence of the Lord; to know that the world has drifted of the Lord when there was to be a

"And he shall send Jesus Christ, away from the teachings of the scriprestitution of all things spoken by the which before was preached unto you: tures. You will recall that great leader mouths of all the holy prophets since

"Whom the heaven must receive unamong the Baptists, Roger Williams, the world began, truly the day of fultil the times of restitution of all things, who resigned as pastor of the oldest filment.

which God hath spoken by the mouth Baptist Church in America and gave In closing I leave you a testimony of of all his holy prophets since the world these reasons: a man who sat in my office recently,

began."(Acts 3:1921.) "There is no regular constituted who spent thirty years as a minister

If we believe the Holy Scriptures, as Church of Christ, on the earth, nor any of the gospel. Then he met the Mormon

we are admonished to do, and the words person authorized to administer any elders. He said, "I had always thought

of the prophets, we cannot look for the church ordinance, nor can there be until I had as much authority as any man to second coming of Christ in power until new apostles are sent by the great head perform the ordinances of the gospel, there is a restitution of all things spoken of the Church for whose coming I am until I met the Mormon elders and by the mouths of all the holy prophets seeking."then I knew that I must accept baptism

since the world began. I want to say If he had lived in the day of the at their hands."And then he added:

unto you that that is what this Church restoration of the gospel as taught by "Brother Richards, when I think of is,conference—theas it has beenrestorationpointed ofoutthein Holythis thehave Prophetknown thatJosephapostlesSmith,had hebeenwouldsent howa ministerlittle I ofhadtheto gospeloffer mycomparedpeople toas

Priesthood, the reestablishment of the again in our day with the same authorwhat I now have in the fulness of the

Church of Christ in the earth, founded ity, the same organization, the same gospel as it has been restored, I want upon the foundation of apostles and truths that were taught in the Meridian to go back and tell all my friends what prophets, with Christ our Lord as the of Time. I have found. Now, they will not lischief cornerstone (Eph. 2:20), which There is not time to discuss all the ten to me. I am an apostate from their

God placed in the Church according to great truths that we have received church."

the Apostle Paul through the restoration of the gospel, But such are the testimonies of peo- "For the perfecting of the saints, for but if you will think of the things that ple, who, as Jesus said "hunger and the work of the ministry, for the edifyhave been mentioned in this conference: thirst after righteousness."He also

ing of the body of Christ: the gathering of Israel, the building of said:

"Till we all come in the unity of the temples, the coming forth of the Book "My doctrine is not mine, but his faith, of of the the knowledge and Son sent that read can me. nobody the of Mormon—and

...of a perfect unto God, is. man, Bible "If that without knowing there any a man will do his will, he shall

"That we henceforth be no more chilcompanion volume of scripture that know of the doctrine, whether it be of dren tossed to and fro, and carried about must be united with it, which is to beGod, or whether I speak of myself."

with every wind of doctrine, by the come one in the hands of God—and (John 7:1617.)

sleight of men, and cunning craftiness when you think of a record of over 500 I bear you witness, and make the whereby they lie in wait to deceive."pages of history and words of prophets promise to all who are not members

{Ibid., 4:1214.) who have lived upon this land of of this Church that if they will investiHow can anybody look at the ChrisAmerica, and when you read the promgate our message and ask God, the

tian world today and see its divided ises to Joseph of a new land in the Eternal Father, that they can know becondition and know that the Lord inutmost bounds of the everlasting hills, yond a shadow of a doubt that Joseph tended that we should come to a unity and his blessings which were to be Smith was a prophet of God, and that of the faith, without realizing that we greater than the blessings of his prothe truth has been restored in its fulmust return again to the organization genitors, you cannot help but wonder ness to the earth to prepare the way of that he placed in the Church? And why the Lord would have made such the coming of the Lord.

what an organization that is, where promises unto that chosen of the House This testimony I give to you in the every man and every man's son can be of Israel, without providing for the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For one and all Choose from THREE NEW de luxe BIBLES at irresistibly low prices Convenient size, quality bindings, and finest workmanship set off the topvalue features found in these THREE OUTSTANDING

CONCORDANCE BIBLES 02227x Marrakesh Persian (Goatskin), half circuit, leather lined. In red or

black. 5 x 1V%", only

13/16"thick.

ONLY $10.75

04334x Morocco grain Calf, half circuit, imitation leather lined.

5x7.V4, only Vs"thick.

ONLY $9.75

04337x Levant grain Goatskin, half circuit, leather lined. 5 x l lA,

only Ye"thick.

ONLY $11.75

The finest Bibles you can give are &tt

Traditionally the most beautiful... unsurpassed

in craftsmanship... bound in leathers of the finest quality

.. * superb examples of the bookmaker's art,

their value far exceeds their price.

For your church leader 22 A Pilgrim Edition with its unique features—notes, references

and helps appear on the same page with the verse to which they refer,

Comprehensive index, chronologies, maps. In blue Moroccoette.

51/8x73/8x1%". $9.50

For mother and dad ] 87x A large, beautiful Scofield Bible bound in handgrained Morocco, leather lined.

In Black, red under gold edges. Blue, Brown,

Green, Maroon, Red, gold edges. 5Vi x 8V6,

only %"thick. $25.00*

For the young person For the student friend For a Reference Bible 1 58x withA Scofieldgold rollleatherat a mediumlined Bibleprice. 172corners,Boundredin Moroccoette,under gold edges,limp,thisroundlarge 52 A Scofield

bound in Moroccoette, limp, Bound in French Morocco, half circuit, size Scofield Reference Bible with Concordance round corners, red under gold round corners. Concordance, maps. has all the Scofield features including topical

renderings, summaries, revised marginal "thick. references, edges. 4% x 7-, only IVs"thick. Black or Red. 4% x 7g, only %

IVs"thick. definitions, 5V2 and index. x Wb, only $7.50* $16.50*

$10.00* *Scofield Bibles may be obtained in a wide range of sizes, styles and prices ranging from $3.75 to $35.00.

x indicates edition on Oxford's famous Ultrathin India paper

AH contain the complete text of the Authorized King James Version At your bookseller (Umfrfflrfmetieab-lmete&%- tfjftfjft tOt&te<&e STwtce /675

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc., 417 Fifth Avenue, New York 16

DECEMBER 1958 965 "For the mountains shall depart and ered to a holy city. He saw the tributhe hills be removed, but my kindness lations, the wars, the desolation, the

shall not depart from thee [meaning, troubles that would prevail in this day, of course, the Church], neither shall the and then the voice of God spoke to him covenant of my people be removed, saith and said: "... great tribulations shall

the Lord that hath mercy on thee."be among the children of men, but

(Ibid., vs. 10.) my people will I preserve."(Moses

The everlasting covenant is the gospel. 7:61.) That is an immutable, positive

This promise is, then, an assurance that assurance.

the gospel of Jesus Christ will remain Some things we get, provided we in and be administered by the Church abide the law which entitles us to reand kingdom as set up and established ceive them. Some promises come from

in this day. the Lord without conditions attached

"And all thy children shall be taught to them. We die whether we like it or

of the Lord; and great shall be the peace not. That is immutably decreed. We

"GOD'S KINGDOM of "Inthy righteousnesschildren. shalt thou be estabwillity. beThereresurrectedis no questionand haveof immortalthat; we

lished; this next, [and then pertaining cannot In avoid it. that category sameON EARTH"

to a yet future day] shalt thou that is the promise be far prethe will Lord

Bruce R. McConkie fromand fromoppressionterror forfor thouit shallshalt notnot comefear, serveWehisarepeoplefamiliarin thiswith day.the great vision

of the First Council of the Seventy near thee. and revelation that Daniel had, in

"Behold, [this pertaining to our day] which he saw the successive kingdoms they shall the [meaning of the surely wicked] world of set up by the power Brother Richards, one of LeGrand together against thee, men's hands, finally not by then and me; saw this forceful of gather eloquentthe preachers and

[certainly trials, will there troubles, kingdom, of be Christ Jesus of the Church latterdayrighteousness in this kingdom, has just spoken to us in a powerful persecutions, and the like, but having so Latterday Saints, set up by revelation, manner, setting forth the restoration of recognized, then comes this glorious without the hand of man. And then

: whosoever shall he said that this kingdom would neverthe everlasting gospel in our day. Now, promise and assurance]

gather together to it against be given shall fall thee another that people;if Spirit, be guided by the same I may

sake...."(Ibid., for thy vs. 1315.) would increase grow and in and break it be underand power, the same I have

in my heart to make a brief expression "No weapon that is formed against pieces all kingdoms and fill the whole relative to the stability, growth, and thee shall prosper; and every tongue earth.

eventual destiny of the great latterday that shall rise against thee in judgment Well, after the Lord had set up this kingdom that has been established as thou shalt condemn. This is the heritChurch and restored the gospel, he said

part of the restitution of all things. age of the servants of the Lord, and by his own mouth to the Prophet Joseph

When I speak of the kingdom, I mean their righteousness is of me, saith the Smith: "The keys of the kingdom of

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Lord."(Ibid., vs. 17.) God are committed unto man on the

Saints, which, in the most complete, Now, I think we all understand that earth, and from thence shall the gospel real, literal, and accurate sense, is the this great latterday kingdom has been roll forth unto the ends of the earth, kingdom of God on earth. For a text set up for the last time, never again to as the stone which is cut out of the

I will read some words originally writbe destroyed, and that never again will mountain without hands shall roll ten by the great prophet Isaiah, words the necessity arise for another and future forth, until it has filled the whole which later were quoted by the resurrestoration. The ordinances and prinearth."(D & C 65:2.) That is an imrected Christ as he ministered among ciples of salvation, the requirements mutable, irrevocable promise. That

the Nephites. When Jesus quoted these which men must abide in order to promise we have.

words, he put them in their perspective, gain a celestial inheritance, are ever, May I quote one sentence which the in their context. He had just announced eternally, and always the same. God Prophet Joseph Smith, writing by revelathat the restitution of all things was to is no respecter of persons, and every tion and inspiration, included in that

take place; that the gospel was to come person from Adam to the last man must famous document, "The Wentworth

again in its fulness; that Israel was to abide the same identical law in order Letter."He said: "... No unhallowed

be gathered; and that the kingdom of to qualify for a celestial inheritance. hand can stop the work from progressGod on earth was to be established in But there is one great thing about ing; persecutions may rage, mobs may

the last days. Then he quoted these this dispensation which differs from all combine, armies may assemble, calumny

words from Isaiah, words which are the dispensations of the past. It is that may defame, but the truth of God will

addressed to the Church and which this time, with the opening of the heavgo forth boldly, nobly, and independent, specifically describe the stability, growth, ens and the revealing of the gospel in till it has penetrated every continent, and eventual destiny of the Church. our day, there came the positive, unvisited every clime, swept every country,

Thus saith the Lord unto the Church qualified assurance that the gospel was and sounded in every ear, till the purof Jesus Christ: to remain on earth; that the kingdom poses of God shall be accomplished, and

"Enlarge the place of thy tent, and was to be secure; that the Church of the Great Jehovah shall say the work is

let them stretch forth the curtains of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was done."(History of the Church, vol. 4,

thy habitations; spare not, lengthen thy to remain among men to prepare a p. 540.)

cords and strengthen thy stakes; people for the second coming of the Son You and I are in this kingdom at its

"For thou [meaning the Church] of man. beginning. The groundwork is being

shalt break forth on the right hand We are familiar with the visions laid. Out of small beginnings come

and on the left, and thy seed shall inthat Enoch received. You will recall great things. We have had tremendous

herit the Gentiles and make the desolate that he saw our day. He saw the progression and growth; we are estabcities to be inhabited. restoration of the gospel, the coming lished and recognized in the world al-

"Fear not, for thou [meaning the forth of the Book of Mormon, truth ready; but there will be an eventual

Church] shalt not be ashamed; neither springing out of the earth and righteousday when the whole earth will be conbe thou confounded, for thou shalt not ness looking down from heaven. He verted to the truth, when every living

be put to shame;..."(3 Nephi 22:2-4.) saw the hosts of scattered Israel gathsoul will come into the Church of

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Basketball BYU Style!

Preand PostGame Comment GAME ACTION brought you by.. 'Phillips brought to you by Beneficial

Life Insurance Company

Clip this handy 66 BYU 195859 BASKETBALL BROADCAST SCHEDULE UitkjthU \ with j DATE OPPONENT PLACE TIME* COACH STAN WATTS | Dec. 3 Portland U. Portland, Oregon 8:45 p.m.

... with a reputation of Dec. 5-6 Univ. of Oregon Eugene, Oregon 8:45 p.m.

moulding fine minds and fine Dec.Dec. 1512 WashingtonKansas State State Provo,Provo, UtahUtah 7:457:45 p.m.p.m.

bodies into a smooth, decepDec. 1920 Santa Clara U. Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

tive, fastmoving team. "This | Dec. 22 St. Mary's Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

year looks most promising,"- Dec. 27Queen City Tournament—Buffalo, N.Y. TBA**

- B.Y.U. 29 Canisius, Seton! Hall - Dartmouth tbA says Stan. "We're flooring

'State Jan. Ohio 5:45 p.m. Columbus, Ohio another crackerjack, high-

1 Jan. 3 University Dayton 5:45 Dayton, Ohio

scoring quintet and we're 1 Jan. 10 Univ. of Montana Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.p.m.

hoping for great things."Jan. 16 Colorado State U. Ft. Collins, Colo. 7:45 p.m.

1 Jan. 17 Univ. of Wyoming Laramie, Wyoming 7:45 p.m.

Univ. of Jan. Provo, 23 Utah 7:45 p.m. Utah SPORTSCASTER DEAN BENNETT

Jan. State Provo, Univ. Utah 7:45 p.m. 30 Utah

... awardwinning of 5 Univ. Feb. Denver, p.m.'Denver 8:00 Colorado Big K!

Sportscaster Dean Bennett I Feb. 7 Univ. of New Mexico Albuquerque, N.M. 7:45 p.m.

Feb. State | 14 Utah Logan, Univ. Utah 7:45 p.m. will be this on again hand

Univ. Provo, Feb. 20 Utah 7:45 of Wyoming p.m. to year bring a vivid play- '21, Feb. State Colorado U. Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

byplay word picture of an- I Feb. 26 Univ. of Utah Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

other great BYU Basketball, Feb. 28 Univ. of Montana Missoula, Montana 7:45 p.m.

team in action. If you can't March 6 Univ. of Denver Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

be there—listen in, and get March 7 Univ. of New Mexico Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

Dean's wellrounded action j *Broadcasf time—(MSTJ * * To Be Announced

description'ALL ON THE Bl Tadco SL Salt Lake City, Utah 50,000 Watts Clear Channel Full CBS Schedule Full Time

DECEMBER 1958 967 in the name of Israel's God it will roll after him, and so continue until the forth, and that the things spoken of coming of the Lord Jesus Christ in the by the holy prophets in relation to it clouds of heaven to 'reward every man will receive their fulfilment. But in according to the deeds done in the

connection with this I will tell you anbody.'

other thing: A great many of the "I say to all Israel at this day, I say

Latterday Saints will fail, a great many to the whole world, that the God of of them are not now and never have Israel, who organized this Church and

Mi been living up to their privileges, and kingdom, never ordained any Presimagnifying their callings and their dent or Presidency to lead it astray.

priesthood, and God will have a reckonHear it, ye Israel, no man who has ever ing with such people, unless they breathed the breath. of life can hold

speedily repent."(Gospel Kingdom, p. these keys of the kingdom of God and

137.) He said many similar things. lead the people astray."(Discourses of

One more quotation, this one from Wilford Woodruff, pp. 7374.)

#- f/yj President Wilford Woodruff: Now these things are amply attested

"When the Lord gave the keys of the to. The revelations and inspired utterkingdom of God, the keys of the Melances of living oracles give us the full

chizedek Priesthood, of the apostleship, account. We should know these things

Il/H '<.<<$ and sealed them upon the head of from the records which are before us.

Joseph Smith, he sealed them upon his Then, also, we should go to the Lord, head to stay here upon the earth until in faith and in mighty prayer, and get

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. the coming of the Son of man. Well in our hearts the revealed assurance

We are in the kingdom of God now might Brigham Young say, 'The keys that this work is true. Brother Richwhich is exclusively an ecclesiastical of the kingdom of God are here.'They ards quoted: "... my doctrine is not

kingdom. This kingdom is going to were with him to the day of his death. mine, but his that sent me.

grow and increase, multiply and abound, They then rested upon the head of an- "If any man willdo his will, he shall and nothing can stop it, until the day other man—President John Taylor. He know of the doctrine, whether it be of

comes that it will be both an ecclesiheld those keys to the hour of his death. God, or whether I speak of myself."

astical kingdom and a political kingdom, They then fell by turn, or in the provi- (John 7:1617.) Every living soul in

and it will govern in all things, dence of God, upon Wilford Woodruff. this world who will abide the law that

spiritual, civil, temporal, and political. "I say to the Latterday Saints, the entitles him to know by personal revelaThe kingdoms of this world are going keys of the kingdom of God are here, tion from the Holy Ghost of the divinity

to become the kingdom of our God and and they are going to stay here, too, of this work, of the stability and destiny of his Christ. until the coming of the Son of Man. of this kingdom, can get that knowledge,

President John Taylor said this: "It Let all Israel understand that. They and I for one have that knowledge and

has been asked... whether this kingmay not rest, upon my head but a short so certify to you in sincerity and

dom will fail. I tell you in the name time, but they will then rest on the solemnity, in the name of Jesus Christ.

of Israel's God it will not fail. I tell you head of another apostle, and another Amen.

THE GENERAL thousandstoward the ofChurch.people Wewhowillareleavefriendlythis thereCanada,are andthose Mexico.here representingI feel certainother

CONFERENCE great conference, I am sure, more enforeign countries also, and practically thusiastic and more desirous of furtherevery state in this great nation of ours.

Carl W. Buehner ing the purposes of our Heavenly Father. I have been thinking of the thousands,

yes, give better thousands will would bebe many who men and women all to this their conference of ofof the Presiding Bishopric Wecause attendance our be here at here and hearing the word of the Lord go forth today, but their all is not sufficient to

My dear brethren and sisters, after as it has done. More than thirtyfive buy them a ticket and to take them back

the concluding session of conference yesprofound sermons have been delivered to their homes at the conclusion of the terday afternoon, I was congratulated in this conference already. conference. To them, this conference

six times on the fine talk I had given at I have been wondering, too, if we will come either through the missionthat session of conference, and wanting realize that this is probably the greataries, the mission presidents, or by the to be an honest man, I should like now est religious gathering held any place printed word as it will be circulated to pass on those compliments to those in the earth. Have you ever thought through the periodicals of the Church.

who gave my talk yesterday afternoon. about this? A general conference of the Another observation I should like to

It has been most inspiring to be in Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday make is that we are sitting in the presattendance at this conference. I have Saints comprised of those who are presence of three of the great men of the

had a long time to think. Some observaent, those listening in on the radio, and world—the First Presidency of this

tions that have gone through my mind those who might be viewing this conChurch. My close association with

I felt might be interesting to you, even ference on television all become part them, and the honor and privilege I though most of these things have alof this greatest of all religious gatherings enjoy of sitting in meetings with them ready been said in a better way than I that are held. two or three times each week bears

will ever be able to say them. I think of the people who have come testimony to me that there are no

The first observation I should like to here, representing many nations of the greater men living today. As you almake is the terrific impact that a genearth. I have shaken hands with peoready know, they have been appointed

eral conference of the Church has upon ple from New Zealand, the Fiji Islands, by our Heavenly Father to preside over its membership and upon the many Tonga, Samoa, Switzerland, Hawaii, his Church. They have been sustained

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -f-

+ ** * TREES OF TREATS"FROM

sugar

Christmas trees and sweet treats... both traditional

symbols of a happy Holiday Season. Cookies and candies,

fruit cakes, cranberries, and whipped creamtopped pumpkin pie... what family doesn't enjoy them? Be sure and include

U and I Sugar on your Holiday grocery list. It's as fine a

sugar as money can buy. Available in 5-, 10-, and

25pound bags or in handy 1-pound cartons.

DECEMBER 1958 969 --igSSSQ cils and also that you hear a personal like to add that we should stay close message from each of these brethren to these young men, and assist in moldduring the course of a general confering their lives, which will be a blessing ence? to them and an honor and credit to the

Another observation that has imChurch they represent. When I think

pressed me as I have been sitting here of the millions of men and boys living is that those of us who had the honor in the earth and appreciate that we are of being here at 9:30 this morning and but a few of those who have been selistening to the broadcast of this great lected, called, and honored, and knowchoir could not help but realize that ing that our leaders are depending upon

from this spot every Sunday morning, us to do our part, I begin to realize the for nearly thirty years now, has gone a privilege it is to serve and the blessings living broadcast to the people of the that come from serving.

nation and as far elsewhere as radio Through the power of the priesthood, carries the inspirational music and mesmiracles are performed in this day as sage of the spoken word that emanates they were in other periods in the hisfrom this great Tabernacle Choir ortory of the world when the gospel was by you to be the leaders of the Church, ganization. As I thought about them, upon the earth. As long as men magand I hope that to us sustaining them I began to realize the sacrifices that nify their callings in the priesthood,

means we will work as we have never many of these people have made in we will have miracles, and so also will worked before to promote the great spite of wind, snow, sleet, rain, cold, the Church grow in influence, in purposes of the Lord. heat, and all other conditions. These strength, and in favor among the people

A further observation I should like to brethren and sisters dedicate every Sunof the world. Therefore, may all of

make is that when revelation, counsel, day morning, except the few Sundays us who have been so honored to bear the interpretations of the doctrines of they are away on tour, to the presentathe priesthood, magnify our callings, the Church, or the law of the Church tion of these wonderful hymns and anappreciate it to the fullest, and stand goes forth to the members in all parts thems. Aside from this, there are many, at the head of our homes in dignity

of the earth, it is going to go forth many hours of rehearsals required for where we can be a blessing and a from this source. Therefore, I would the preparation of these programs. I strength to our families. Our children

say, keep your eyes and ears on the should like to say, "God bless them look to us for counsel and leadership,

First Presidency, and listen to the counfor their devotion and faithfulness to and I am afraid that in some of our sel that comes from them. If any perthis great cause."homes the situation is in reverse. Someson ever becomes confused, disturbed, Another observation I should like to times the father is reactivated through

or critical, I would say to you, come make is that the priesthood about the boy who holds the Aaronic Priestto the fountainhead of the Church for which we have heard so much during hood or even a younger child. Many

the answers to your questions. You will this conference is so important that thrilling stories have been told about

discover that these brethren are more heavenly messengers personally brought youngsters who have helped their than willing to give you the answers it to the earth. The priesthood is the fathers back into activity. I heard one

that you require so that you may not very lifeblood of the Church. It is an not too long ago about a father and a

get lost or wander astray. Do not go honor to be a bearer of and a worker son who were asked to be ward teaching

to those who are undermining the in the priesthood. It is through this companions, and it rather thrilled me

Church, to apostate groups, or to those power that the gospel was restored to as the mother related to me some of the whose intent it is to destroy the work of the earth in this the Dispensation of experiences they were enjoying and how our Heavenly Father. the Fulness of Times. It is through they learned to know each other through

Another observation that has imthis priesthood that the Church conthis experience. She indicated that after

pressed me is that as we look at those tinues to remain organized and to functhey had been teaching together for a on the stand in the Tabernacle, there tion in the earth. number of months, her son came to her

are represented here the great councils I was proud of the great audience of and said, "Mother, you know Dad is of the Church—the Council of the First Aaronic Priesthood boys who were in really quite a man. I am amazed at

Presidency who preside over the high attendance last Friday evening when we how well he understands the gospel and priesthood of the Church; the Council held the dedicatorial services for the how well he teaches when we visit the

of the Twelve Apostles who are special beautiful Aaronic Priesthood Memorial homes on our district. I have learned

witnesses of Jesus Christ, who travel Monument, located just north of the many things from Dad that I did not the length and breadth of the Church, Tabernacle, depicting John the Bapunderstand before, and I am glad to be and whose work has increased to such tist, a heavenly messenger, conferring his ward teaching companion; otherproportions that they cannot entirely the Aaronic Priesthood on Joseph Smith wise, I may never have learned to know

carry the responsibility. Therefore, and Oliver Cowdery. On this occasion, him so well."This mother remarked

eight other men have been appointed more than five hundred boys sang a that a day or two later, her husband and set apart to assist them, known as number of inspirational songs that came to her and said, "You know, I the Assistants to the Council of the thrilled all who were present. Four think the world of John. I did not

Twelve. All of these brethren may be young boys whose voices had not yet know he had it in him, but when I say

considered as counselors to the First changed singing the song, "On Lovely to him, 'Tonight it is your turn to give

Presidency of the Church. On the stand Susquehanna's Banks,"brought a lump the lesson,'you would be proud of

also is the Patriarch to the Church. to my throat. They stood right behind John if you could hear him present the

There are also seven men who comme on the stand, and as they began to topic to the families that we teach. He

prise the First Council of the Seventy sing in their soft, unchanged voices, I is developing into one capable of going who have a definite and specific rewas really touched. on a mission.''I began to think what

sponsibility. Finally, there is the CounIn my humble opinon, we are build- a lovely thing it is for a father and a

cil of the Presiding Bishopric who preing a greater youth today than we have son to become acquainted through one side over the Aaronic Priesthood of the ever had before and preparing them to of the great programs of the Church

Church. Has it ever occurred to you take over positions of responsibility the ward teaching program.

that as you sit here in conference, you which will certainly come to them as Finally, I feel to say: "What is the

are in the presence of these great counthey prove worthy. In passing I would objective of our Heavenly Father after

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.Hearken... you

With your homemade worlds...

Hear me, as I speak From greater heights Than any you have conquered..

For, I also occupy this atmosphere Thrust forth two thousand years ago

By the very Hand That gave to you Your geniusThrust forth With a brightness That all your manmade planets Cannot match, And charged with a mission The magnitude of which The most brilliant minds among you

Cannot grasp.

Here, from this noble height, I dispel the darkness of this world

And point with a glowing finger

To the very Source Of Faith, and Hope, and Charity,

Consuming in my burning heat Each sphere of hate and fear That men may launch.

Hearken... you

With your homemade worlds...

I also occupy this atmosphere Thrust forth two thousand years ago

To light your way to Peace.

Hearken... you

With your homemade worlds...

/ am the Christmas Star!

JOHN DEERE moline Illinois

I JOHN DEE RE /

DECEMBER 1958 971 all"? I should like to quote a passage holds the priesthood magnified his callof scripture that Brother Hinckley gave ing in that priesthood, we would go for-

U,,!; in his message last Friday. One of the ward with a power the like of which

Lord's objectives has been put in these this world has never seen before. Nothwords: "For behold this is my work and ing could stay it.

are engaged in our my glory—to bring to pass the immorLiterally, we

tality and eternal life of man."(Moses Father's business. Have you ever

1:39.) thought of the impact of this statement,

Brethren of the priesthood, we are the to be engaged in our Father's business?

assistants of our Heavenly Father in Many of us are engaged in a business helping him to achieve this great obor we work for men engaged in a busijective for the blessing and benefit of ness, but how many of the eternal blessthose who live upon the earth. When ings will come to us from our work in

we magnify our callings in the priestthese businesses? Compare your busihood to the extent that we are willing ness with our Father's business, and then

to put our arms around our brethren thank the Lord that you have an opwho need assistance and encouragement, portunity of being engaged in his we are strengthening the kingdom of business. It is a tremendous responsiGod. If every man in the Church who bility and yet a wonderful opportunity.

THE WORK OF thousandengaged infulltimecarryingmissionariesthe gospel whomessageare noticeableeffective wayincreaseof teachingin convertthe gospel,baptismsa is a result of these improvements in fortyearth in the of the the peopleTHE LORD to

It methods. is an of six Church. the missions

inspiring experience to watch the growth Brethren and sisters, the Lord is blessstirring It is a work. the missionary these ing to that comes and developmentHenry D. Taylor

the with to sit in a meeting experience walks missionaries. from all come They

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of life, from the farm, from the cattle missionaries and hear them relate inranch, the sheep camp, from business stances where they have been led by and professional fields, students from the Spirit of the Lord to certain doors.

the schoolroom, and many young men They have knocked on the door, introgreet people the themselves, had servduced the armed released from recently sisters, after brethren and My dear in, say, we and "Come regardless yet them warmly country. ices of our And to be waiting dayssitting for three

called on to speak, it has been difficult of where they are when the call comes have been waiting for you to call.

for me to realize the great blessing that from the President of the Church, they Why have you been so long in comcomes to him who endures to the end. gladly respond. They are happy to be

one fine with woman acquainted of the Lord. I am in the work engaged deeply thrilled and soul has beenMy

quite some passed away husband with share parents them this whose Their this of inspiration the withtouched conference, and more than ever in my great happiness, and support them fitime ago. She was deeply impressed

of one of our LDS the beauty with offer encouragement. and in the nancially life I appreciate membership my

resomewhat heard temples. She had and young women These young men of Latterday Christ of JesusChurch

Saints. go out into the world with little formal garding our beliefs of a literal resur-

I would like my message today to be training. They are inexperienced, often rection, our belief in a life hereafter,

an expression of gratitude and appreimmature, timid, lacking in confidence, and wanted to know more concerning ciation for the privilege that has been and yet we find that their home trainthose concepts. One day upon arising

Sister Taylor's and mine of laboring for ing, activity in the priesthood quorums, from her prayers she began scanning the past three years with your sons and auxiliaries, in the seminaries, is a wonthrough the telephone book in an atdaughters in the mission field. It has derful blessing and advantage in pretempt to discover the address of one of

been a glorious period in our lives, a paring them to do missionary work. our LDS chapels. Just then a knock

rich and rewarding experience. We Through study, prayer, hard work, and came on her door, and upon answering

love these young people. the blessings of the Lord, these young it she found two young missionaries

by the prompted there. gain had been develop. They They grow and do people is asked, often question 'Why The

inthis home. Spirit to approach Upon confidence, gospel; of the knowledge a enChurch socalled the Mormon does

invited they were themselves, troducing their far beyond maturity a power, and proproselyting active in such an gage good that teaching in and commenced burnstrong a and acquire years. They is, the have answer Our gram?""We

is a gospel, she and the now woman testimony that ing testimony, and bear responsithe not only have truth and the of faithful devout member and it carries conthat a fervency such with to share desire urgent bility, the but

Church. they people of the hearts to the viction all people the truth who dwell with that

life of a the in of a mission time The teaching. are been earth. have the here upon We

is dedication. of time a person young the of teaching the methods Certainly of responsibility the have warned; we

consecration. of Young It is a time years the over changed gospel have neighbor."our warning worldly to forego willing are people mission the in of us were since vimany prophetic of fulfilment in Also

of things on concentrate is pleasures and using what currently are field. has which message, We gospel sion, the

spirit. the or Uniform Systematic, the as known to every carried be restored, must been

conparents. to you I am our now And gospel, where the of teaching Plan people. tongue, and kindred, nation,

all I mission the represent that fident systematic, in a are presented beliefs primarily young and men Young women

I say the of Church when presidents proved an has fashion. This orderly five of excess in constitute the army

NO NEED TO PAY HIGH PRICES FOR

I sincerely hope and pray we will always be found engaged in our Father's VITAMIN AND MINERAL PRODUCTS business, helping to carry his great message of glad tidings and peace on earth There are many good products on the ion, a more satisfactory formula than to the people of the world, and keeping market today. For example, a very either of those mentioned above. It's

active those who are members of his popular MultiVitamin and Mineral so ld in a two (2) months container at kingdom now established in the earth. formula is sold nationally for $19.50 only $10.00 or a $5.00 for one (1)

My testimony is that if we dedicate for a one months supply by a direct months supply.

our lives to magnifying our calling in selling force. A similar formula is sold

the priesthood and awake and arise to from a catalogue by a direct mail house A six months package, which conour opportunities, the work of our at $5.95 for one (1) months supply. tain 3 two (2) months containers

will prosper Father andHeavenly grow sells gives for you $25.00. That only fall other supplements food someMost

it. isuntil stay can This power no my for price one of the $4.18 low low this range. in price where I toconviction testimony you. and my

supply. opin- 2 to 1 is, in our months Lyman's Don (1) in will that ourpray Father heaven

give us the deep and abiding appreciation for our membership in the Church CONTENTS OF DON LYMAN'S 2 to 1 FOOD SUPPLEMENT all serve to as us thenand nudge we tablets in mineral for tablets (red) over 20 years contain Vitamin The it I before, served never ask andhave Threefor consumption. ingredients. elements vitamin 24 and human Christ.in the of Jesus Amen. name

tablet all fourths comes of our vitathe generous quantity of A (%) mins that are known to be needed as from this deposit which has 2 5 or well as most of the elements suspected more identifiable elements including of being helpful in human nutrition over 20 Trace Minerals and other eleare put into the vitamin tablets in ments as Humas and Organic Nitroknown quantities. gen.

to you, "Thanks for the encouragement The listed vitamins and other inIn addition to Panaca (deposit mathat you give to your sons and your gredients are put into a rich base that terial), we have added 10 other mindaughters, not only the financial asconsists of some 24 more wonderful eral elements from natural and organic sistance furnish that you them, but for natural products. Hips, Rose Wheat sources in known quantities. love understanding."your your and Bean, Germ, Yeast, Soya and Alfalfa

Your hearts would be warmed if you concentrates, Rice Polishings, Kelp, The label shows 48 ingredients in sitcould in a testimony meeting 3 5 and the in Tablet and 16 other and helpful and natural prodstand, tears thehear people with young 8 total of Mineral 3 known ucts. the VitaminTablet—a their "Iin say, eyes, love father and my also are elements. other There bonus tablets Mineral (white) The are for grateful mother. sactheand I am

rifices that they are making that I might made of material from the Natural food factors from the natural products be here in the mission field. I neglected Sedimentary Deposits found at Panaca, used, such as synergests, enzymes, coto express that love before I left home, Nevada. These deposits have been used enzymes, catalysts, and amino acids.

but when I return that will all be changed. I shall always be grateful to DON'T BE FOOLED BY A COMPARABLE PRICE

them."products are the this field experience in on market There Lyman's many Don Missionary is a wonderful work as his cost to that the about determination untoday operate same and on a very Donselfish strongly urge I would work, and 1. profit less. small 2 to even has helped to produce Lyman's Some of them him

that every young man in this Church The only way you can be sure about the product that will give wonderful resultsa set as an aim and a goal the filling of value of such products is to compare the at a price that any family can afford to a mission; that he will live a clean and formula of Don Lyman's 2 to 1 with such pay.

pure life so that when he reaches the products. You will find that 2 to 1 has 2 to 1 is a family product which is rearequired age his bishop and his stake anywhere from 2 to 3 times the potency of sonable enough in price for every adult

family. in the child Children food supplements offered at a comand maypresident can recommend him for misother

price. to 1 for 2 use $2.09 a only parable month.sionary service.

It has out that been pointed every WRITE FOR INFORMATION in can should the Church andmember be a missionary. We can do that, Write for full information about 2 to 1. Show it to your doctor if

brethren and sisters, by setting proper you like. He will be pleasantly surprised to see such a fine complete

examples, keeping being good neighbors, formula at such a reasonable price.

noticed I have all the commandments.

in the various sessions of the conferDon Lyman's SURE MEAL is also available. See the September

ence groups of our young men and and November issues of frThe Improvement Era"for full the wearing uniformwomen who are of the armed forces. Now you young information.

brethren and sisters in the military service can be effective missionaries if you MAIL THIS COUPON FOR INFORMATION TODAY..

will remember that "actions speak louder than words."We know that you I'm interested...

temptations, are confronted with many Family Use live the but if you will commandments \\ Personal Use Q you can be a shining example for your Dealership: [ Full Time [] Part Time

associates.

I have been impressed with the great Name number of young men that we have in the mission field today who were conStreet Address verted to the Church while they were City.;. State

Mail To: Don Lyman & Assoc, 472 S. 10th East

Salt Lake City, UtahPhone EM 3-9674

DECEMBER 1958 973 in the military services, and that was the chosen prophet through whom the through the efforts of their good comrestoration was effected; that the Book

EVAPORATED panions, faithful Latterday Saint boys. of Mormon is true and was translated

MllK You can be good missionaries, brethren, from ancient golden plates by power if you will maintain the standards of from on high to Joseph Smith; that

the Church. prophets have succeeded Joseph Smith

Now, brethren and sisters, what is the as Presidents of the Church of Jesus message that the missionaries are teachChrist of Latterday Saints; that PresiIt's better blending aing?SupremeIn brief,Being.it isHethis:is thethatFatherthere ofis sidingdent Davidhigh O.priest,McKay,is a theprophet,great seer,preour spirits. He is our Father in heaven: and revelator, and holds all the keys

...that good That our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and the powers that had been bestowed

is the Redeemer of this world, and upon his predecessors.

is asteach- subscribe to I accept these and missionaries. possiings of the I bear Morning Milk throughsurred ofhissalvationatonementand mankindhas the you my

bilities of exaltation; that the gospel and testimony and witness my brethren and

the priesthood, which was taken from sisters, that I do know they are true, the earth due to the acts of men, has and this I humbly do in the name of

Enjoy tastier dishes by using been restored, and Joseph Smith was Jesus Christ. Amen.

Morning Milk instead o

ordinary milk or cream. For

Morning Milk is superhomogenized to a creamysmooth consistency to blend spect for the conscience of others; and

sixth, if it renders forgiveness more easy, better with all other ingredfortune less arrogant, duty more dear;

ients. A BLESSING theThebeyondgospellesswhenvisionary."obeyed does all that

No other form of milk can and more. To this every true member

guarantee such superior President David O. McKay ofdaytheSaintsChurchcan ofbearJesuswitness.Christ of Lattercooking results. I love these associates of the General

Authorities, and love them in the spirit

My brethren and sisterSj we have come of the true meaning of that word, the

IMPORTED 5-PIECE toference.the closingMy soul,exerciseswith ofyours,a greathas beenconlovebless ofthemthe brotherhoodand bless theirof Christ.wives Godand

filled with thanksgiving and gratitude their children that the ideals that make to our Heavenly Father for the outpourfor the dignity of manhood, that lead ings of his Holy Spirit. We have heard into the presence of our Heavenly

some great messages from the leaders Father may eventually continue to be of this Church, and what I have noperpetuated in our homes, in our assoticed with great satisfaction, are the ciation with our business fellows, and receptive audiences, showing that the in all our travels.

messages were received graciously, with God bless Zion, the pure in heart.

gratitude. God bless our friends with whom we

At noon today, there came to me the associate, who are contributing, too, to memory of something I had read years the advancement of this great Church.

ago in a book entitled, The Simple Life, We appreciate their fellowship.

written by Charles Wagner. He said: God bless those who speak evil against

"Your religion is good—first, if it is us because they do not know us, and

vital and active; second, if it nourishes give us charity in our hearts for them,

in you confidence, hope, love, and a and may he enlighten their minds and Reg. $3.50 Value of existtheir souls that the vision they infinite of of open value the lid sentiment and can

is is if as it it Christ's is allied Church flag ence; third, with or large may see what

from plastic is it stands. the for worst, in Hasten best which what and that you against Jolly bag ofOrx% $JOO and of peace shall our Lord forever necessity coming holds when before the Corn Time Pop you

Shipped Postpaid direct from Europe ofmakesbecomingyou understanda new man;thatfourth,pain ifis ita reignlished,andI thepraykingdomin the ofnameGod beof estabJesus

Jolly Time—most delicious pop corn ever deliverer; fifth, if it increases your reChrist. Amen.—offers you this opportunity to get handsome, 5-piece manicure set, sent direct

Solingen,from West Germany. Forged

steel. Nickel plated. leather Help Fight TB Simulated

case with zipper. Send to Jolly Time, Dept.

249, Sioux City, Iowa. Your order will be

rushed to Europe for acceptance and delivery

Buy Christmas Seals

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editors Page

(Continued) and power, used togovern men and to crush them—WINTER

these are the enemies to peace.

They bring misery to the individual.

They bring unhappiness in thehome. They bring war and contenCAN BE

tion in the world, discontent, misery, and death. They are the opposite

of the peace which Christ came to give the world. Why cannot men

strive more earnestly than ever before to leave them out of their hearts, to overcome avarice, to give rather than to get?

Only by the triumph of principles over evil can the world have that peace which Christ came to give to the world. No peace has

ever been won or has ever been obtained by the cultivation of any of the six passions I have named. We

seldom meet a man who docs not say he wishes he might have peace, and yet it seems very few are willing to pay the price. We rather hold

to those things which the evil one thrusts upon us. He promises that

if we get, we shall be happy.

It is not true. One cannot have

peace by getting unless one uses what one gets for the happiness and the betterment of mankind. Only

by serving our fellow men can we obtain that peace which Christ wishes to establish, by means of obedience to the gospel of Jesus

Christ.

Some men say: "We must find

God before we can love our fellow men."Is it not more in keeping with

the truth to say: "We shall find God

by living righteously and by loving our fellow men"? I think that is the

message we find in that phrase from the angels'chorus: "Good will toward

men."(Luke 2:14.) Worshiping God

and loving our fellow men—"On these

two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."(Matt. 22:40.)

You see we have in that early story the message that Christ later gave: Make the winter profitable by advancing your education at the,. V::.

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God Church university, which offers spiritual growth in addition to the with all thy heart, and with all thy finest academic and physical training. As the largest university in

soul, and with all thy strength, and the intermssuntain area it provides all the advantages of a big uniwith all thy mind; and thy neighbour versity yet all the friendliness and attention of the small college.

to register Winter Quarter.as thyself."(Luke 10:27.) This Plan NOW

message was anticipated by the For information write Public Relations Dept.

angels who sang: "Glory to God in

the highest, and on earth peace, good Brigham Young University will toward men."(Ibid., 2:14.)

PROVO, UTAH

DECEMBER 1958 975 The Magic of Christmas awfully busy, Darling. We didn't are a better decoration than any

get them up. You aren't angry, are Santa Claus on the roof!"

(Continued) But when they you?"Just then, the front door of the

reached the big house on Manor "No, Honey, of course not. But house opened and Bud and Linda

Drive he exclaimed, "Where are the don't the kids feel bad?"came hurrying out. Bud opened the

Christmas lights, the decorations"? They had made no mention of it. car door, "Merry Christmas, Dad!"

Always their house had been the I guess, she thought now, they knew Linda threw her arms around her most lavishly decorated on the block I'd say, "We can't afford it."I've father's neck. "Welcome home,

with Santa Claus and his reindeers done so much of that this past year. Daddy!"

all in lights scampering across the I'm sure they think I'm a pessimistic, As they walked into the house, roof. She opened her mouth to say, nagging mother. She felt a sudden Linda said, "Only twelve hours un-

"But Tony, we couldn't afford the deep weariness. til we can open our gifts!"She was

expense of all those lights this year,"And then she kissed Tony, saying, tall for thirteen, but all at once she but she said instead, "We've been "Having you home is enough. You looked as she had at six with her

eyes very blue, her blond hair shining, counting the hours, the minutes until the great moment.

"Did Mom tell you about our this Christmas plans,there tallDad?"and Budgangling,asked.hisHehairstoodcut

in a crew cut, his dark eyes shining.

For a moment Tony did not answer. He was looking into the GIVE DAD RELAXATION living room seeing the small Christmas tree on the table, contrasting

it, Ann knew, with last year's

Christmas tree that had stood in the corner of the room and reached the ceiling, ablaze with hundreds of lights and ornaments.

"I thought I'd let you tell him our plans, Bud,"Ann said quickly.

Tony seemed to pull himself back to the present with an effort. He

with Mr. Stauffer's "Magic Couch"plans?"asked, "Yes, Bud, what are your

"I have to deliver the Morning

Now Dad can get the regular exercise essential to good health. tierald, and so I thought all of you

With the "Magic Couch"(PostureRestE) exercise is procould help me deliver, and then vided effortlessly... without fatigue. we'll open our presents when we get

back. Not even one peek before

Yes, he'll not only relax away normal muscular and nervous then. Okay?"

tensions but with the Stauffer Home Plan of effortless exercise "Bud and I have it all planned!"

and calorie reduction he can lose excess pounds and inches, too. Linda said.

Again Ann thought that never Get complete details today.. had they been so excited.

"Okay, Dad?"Bud asked. "Think

Write or Call... you're up to riding in the car?"

Tony grinned. "You bet I am,

Idaho Utah Son. It sounds wonderful. And

STAUFFER HOME PLAN STAUFFER HOME PLAN now, what's for supper? After all

111 North Higbee 520 East 4th South that hospital cooking I can't wait

JA 2-1014 DA 8-0531 to eat your mother's cooking!"

Idaho Falls, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah All through supper Tony kept them laughing, making a joke of

I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation. his hospital experiences. But when

they were alone, after the children had gone up to bed, Tony faced her

Name Phone in the living room. "What do you

have for the children's Christmas,

Address Honey?"

She told him.

City State. "And that's all?"

"Tony, I've told them that it must

AN OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTUNITY IS AVAILABLE FOR LDS WOMEN IN UTAH be a very practical Christmas."

AND IDAHO... CONTACT YOUR STATE OFFICE

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "But didn't they ask for other and their excitement, their anticipaelastic the papers while I deliver."

things?"tion was a magic which put stars in Ann was suddenly caught up in

Her eyes evaded his. "Oh, Linda their eyes. Ann's heart sank. Tony the excitement of the adventure and

has talked about a record player. was right. They were still children it lasted while she drove slowly

She mentioned new skis and a ski with the childish wonderful faith in along the route. Tony seemed hapoutfit, and Bud had been talking Christmas. py, too. She could hear him joking

about a gun, a car coat. But they "Come on, come on!"Linda was to Linda. "Well, never thought I'd

didn't actually ask for them, Tony. fairly dancing up and down. Bud be a newspaper carrier at my age."

They know such things are impospicked up the bundle of newspapers Linda laughed, "You're doing sible this year."that the supervisor had delivered okay. Maybe Bud can get you a

Tony shook his head. "You saw there that morning. "You drive, route."

their excitement, their anticipation Mom. Dad and Linda can sit in Lights were going on in houses

when they hung their stockings up. the back seat. They can fold and now. It was a wellto-do residenThey are still young enough to believe in the magic of Christmas, to

forget the coldly practical and believe, Ann, really believe that what they want will be under the tree tomorrow morning!"

chair, the in down He sank his We'll give you '2.00 floor falling tocrutches the and

buried his face in his hands. "I've

ruined everything, Ann. Maybe if to start his mission or college fund

I had gone a bit slower on the road that night. I live it over and over

in Maybe—"my mind.

Darling.""Don't, She knelt beside The years fly swiftly. That call for a mission or college will

him. arrive for your son or daughter sooner than you think. When he

"It will take us years to get on our is ready, you'll want to be ready too.

feet and until then the children will What finer Christmas gift could you give him than the start still I to help. Darling, Oh, have for savings of a college? or account a mission to wish You may

life to pleasant be easy andwanted tell will too, him, dollar every in.. puts that you match hefor them!"

"Maybe we made things too easy, paperroute money, snow shoveling money, and later, money too pleasant for them. It hasn't from a summer job.

hurt them to help out, Tony. They To get the fund started, First Federal Savings makes a special

have loved doing it."Christmas offer to all Improvement Era readers. We'll add $2 to But even as she said the words

she was remembering the tears and your new account of $10 or more. You can save by mail, too. We

!resentment in the beginning. She pay postage both ways and provide free envelopes. Act now

had just beaten them down. Maybe This Christmas start a savings account for your missionthey would never forgive her and ary or student.

their father, and in years to come they would be case histories in a psychiatrist's office. She had read

in magazines the case histories of people whose mental illness could be traced back to such things as this. "Let's go to bed, darling,"she said. "Remember we have to get up

early in the morning."

They went to bed in the downstairs bedroom then, but she could not sleep, and she knew Tony was awake beside her.

It was still dark when there was a knock on their door and Bud's voice, "Wake up, sleepyheads. It's

Christmas morning."

And Linda's excited voice, "Hurry! Santa Claus has been here."

"Coming!"she called.

They dressed hurriedly. Bud and

Linda were waiting in the hallway,

DECEMBER 1958 977 tial district, and through the winto God, but she could not speak "You have given your mother and dows Ann could see huge Christmas for fear she would cry. She saw me gifts which we will never forget,"

trees, and parents and children in the tears of pride in Tony's eyes as he said huskily, and she heard the pajamas and nightgowns running to he looked at his remarkable children reborn confidence in his voice as he gifts which were piled in mounds. who had met the challenge of the added, "This is the very best ChristTony was suddenly quiet, and Ann past hard year and grown strong. mas we have ever had!"

knew that he, too, was remembering the small pile of gifts on the table at home. All at once she dreaded

going home, dreaded that moment when the children would learn that the magic of Christmas had failed them.

But there was no stopping time, and soon the papers were all delivered, into walking and they were Some Ingredients of Happiness said,the house. Linda "Now, now!

Let's open our presents."And Bud

said, "Come on, Mom and Dad. Let's

see what old Santa brought us."Richard L. Evans

In that moment Ann wished with all her heart that she had gone deeply into debt, bought them everySurely the one thing most sought for in this life is thing they wanted. they Oh, had

it, call matter happiness—no what matter no we kids.been such thought, She good

it in right are or seeking whether THE ways. wrong we can't"I to stand their disapsee SPOKEN-, Often unhappiness the from comes overemphasizingpointment. WORD can't help but They

is situations. of side negative to This easy do—so will that last the it andshow be

crushing blow for Tony."easy that we might sometimes suppose that we have much less to

isn't us. Life for have. than of us always easy happy any make we in living then they the were And

it it if is so, else, for don't only anyone seems to be because weroom, she that there and saw was And all others. to subject are uncertainties about enough know We gifts, pile larger ofa larger much

than there had been the night beand to some adverse circumstances. Furthermore, no matter what

it seems that there are always some things we want.fore. For a second she thought, we have,

"There is a Santa Claus!"But those who have what we want—or what we think we wantis not confined And then Linda said, "Sit down, are not necessarily happier than we are. Happiness

It material to set of circumstances. of is not any the monopoly and Dad!"She and TonyMom

Its ingredients, or place or people. part any at least, are of them intosank obediently armchairs and

Bud and Linda picked up packages, faith and work, gratitude, a sincere purpose, a sense of being thrust them at her and Tony crywanted, and the ability to see the hopeful side. All these are ining, "Open them, open them!"dispensable elements, but faith and useful willing work would seem

With trembling hands Ann opened to underlie all else—faith in the providence of God, faith in life,

the packages took out a turquoise and in its everlasting plan and purpose—and work: work not only

scarf, a rhinestone necklace, and to satisfy physical wants, but work for the sense of service, and perfume. And Tony's packages refor the sense of accomplishment—work because men are so made

vealed cuff links, a coat sweater, and thatwith theyit. Thecannotrightbe asto happywork iswithoutGodgiven,willingandworktheasobligationthey can beto

pen and pencil set. work is also, and the necessity for it is in man's very nature. Now

"Gifts for ms from the children!"as to the element of comparison, which always enters in: Some

she thought with wonder. whom we think might not have cause, comparatively, to be as

"Do you like them? Do you, happy as some others, are often among the happiest, and among

Mom and Dad?"Bud and Linda the most grateful—perhaps their sense of values has been stripped

were talking at once. of some of the superficialities, perhaps because they have learned

Ann looked up into their faces still the great blessing of simple essentials. We clutter our lives with

glowing, their eyes still shining with so many unessentials. It all adds up to the fact that we have more

excitement and knew with the reason to be happy than we sometimes suppose, and to realize that brightness of the sun bringing an this is so, we need only lose some things we have—or see someone

end to a very dark night, "They have who has never had some things we have—and we may well find

received the greatest gift of all, the contrast convincing, and give gratitude to 'the Lord God who gave us all, including the opportunity of everlasting life, andbetter than the record player and the counsel and commandments to keep, that "men might have joy."*

car coat. For they have received

the happiness which comes only from giving to others. That is the "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

true magic of Christmas."Columbia Broadeasting System, September 28, 1958. Copyright 1958.

She said a silent prayer of thanks "Revised.

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS Melchizedek Priesthood For a Permaint Reference of the Improvement Era(Continued) payment of tithes.'"*

It cannot be stressed too strongly that this information is confidential and must not be made available by X or 12 issues in handquorum presidencies or bishops to any except those who are entitled some covers only $3. AH

to have it. It is unthinkable, for in- 1 orders should be accomstance, that a bishop's or a quorum

president's wife should ever learn panied with payment in this information.

Confidential interviews should be advance, plus postage for magle the year around, and not just return mail.

in November and December. If

there are 300 high priests in a stake, for instance, they should be divided into three groups of 100. The The West's Finest

president and each of his counselors Printers and Binders should take one group and starting in January make eight or nine interIfviews a the year around. month

there are in ninetysix elders a Deseret quorum, there will be thirtytwo interviews for each member of thepresidency which means two or three News each month. If three of the presidents in a seventies quorum are

affairsoperating the quorum and is 33 RICHARDS ST Press orother four foreign are on stake EM 4-2581 missions (as is recommended -where SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the missionary work is sufficient to W.

justify such), it will mean that the three remaining presidents have two interviews each to make each month.

If all visits confidential of the not1958 have they been made, for ''tis the Season to be jolfy should be completed immediately.

Then for 1959 they should be scattered more or less evenly over the 12month period. But above all—

this year and every year—the information gained through these

interviews should be used by quorum presidencies in priesthood reactivation, in bringing the full blessings of the priesthood into the lives of all their quorum members, in leading their fellow priesthood bearers along the path to eternal life in the Father's kingdom.

Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, page 59.

Nothing does it like SevenUpl

God, when he makes the prophet, does not unmake the man. IN THREE SIZES NOW

—John Locke REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY

7 0Z. 12 OZ. 28 OZ.

DECEMBER 1958 979 What about Shannon? the pure eye of faith I shall see speak truly. I shall honor my word.

God. I shall learn the truth and the truth

(Continued) I doubted it. "Third, from my season's gleanshall make me free."

So when Ray asked me, that night, ing, I shall bring an humble, obediKaren tied the green and gold how I was progressing, I shook my ent spirit. I shall obey God's laws ribbons around the wheat the girls

head wearily. with delight. I shall honor my had placed on the table, and handed

"There's a thing coming up in womanhood. I shall intelligently, the sheaf to me.

October called a 'Membership Comdiligently, and prayerfully perform The sweet voices chanted in radely.'It's supposed to be a little my duties. I shall know God. unison:

tea for the girls and their mothers; "Fourth, from my season's glean- "Thus, bearing my fourfold sheaf,

and they have a ceremony where ing I shall bring an honest mind. I shall hope to ascend into the hill

they bind some sheaves of wheat. I shall not bear false witness. I shall of the Lord and stand in his holy

I don't know much about serving a tea.

However, the girls grabbed delightedly at the idea of a party. Half

of them volunteered to bring cookies and half of them punch, and they took little written invitations home The happiness that faces facts theirto mothers.

They came to my house, the night of the Comradery. I had prepared Richard L. Evans

a small table, as the manual suggested, with the stalks of wheat on Last week we talked somewhat of the ceaseless it, and green and gold ribbons for search for happiness and of some of the elements tying them into a sheaf. THE that must go into its making—and that we are

The girls, wearing party dresses WORDSPOKEN sometimes happy or unhappy not so much because and nylons and heels for the occaof what we have or haven't, but because of comsion, sat proudly beside their parisons. Another fact about happiness is that every man, in a

mothers. We had an opening measure, defines it for himself. Within a framework of principles,

prayer; Lola sang a song; and it is the variability among men, the differences as well as the likeMickey told the story of Ruth the nesses, that permit happiness to be possible—for if all wanted to do

Gleaner. the same things at the same time in the same way, if all chose the

The girls stood, all together, and same kind of people as partners, not only would life be monotonous, picked up the stalks of wheat from but it would also present some impossible problems. In speaking

the table. Karen, the class presiof the duty of happiness, Sir John Lubbock said this sentence:

dent, began to recite the Gleaner "... the world would be better and brighter if our teachers would

Sheaf: dwell on the duty of happiness as well as on the happiness of

"Who shall ascend into the hill of duty.—"And then he added:—"... for we ought to be as cheerful

the Lord? or who shall stand in his as we can, if only because to be happy ourselves is a most effectual

holy place? He that hath clean contribution to the happiness of others.... To be bright and

hands, and a pure heart; who hath cheerful often requires an effort; there is a certain art in keeping

not lifted up his soul unto vanity, ourselves happy: and in this respect, as in others, we require to

nor sworn deceitfully. He shall rewatch over and manage ourselves almost as if we were somebody

ceive the blessing from the Lord, else.... Life... certainly may be, and ought to be, bright, interand righteousness from the God of esting, and happy.... If we do our best; if we do not magnify

his salvation."trifling troubles; if we look resolutely... at things as they really

She placed her wheat on the ribare; if we avail ourselves of the manifold blessings which surround

bon. us; we cannot but feel that life is... a glorious inheritance."1 To

I had lighted candles on the firethis we would add this word from Isaac Walton: "Let not the

place mantel, and the light flickered blessings we receive daily from God make us not to value or not on the lovely young faces of my praise him because they be common;... What would a blind

girls as they clasped their wheat and man give to see the pleasant rivers and meadows and flowers and each said a part. fountains."2 We would reaffirm the eternal fact that the Lord

"I, a Gleaner, from this season's God, our Father, who made us in his image, meant us to be happy—

gleanings, shall come forth bearing not the happiness of ignorance, but the happiness that seeks truth, my fourfold sheaf. First, I shall that solves problems, that faces facts—the happiness which is gratecleanbring a body—nothing forful for extent "the to ourselves can wish make what which we we

shall. "1, enterbidden it—no corruption to be; that happiness deeply endures,—the an with honest

shall touch it. It is my surety of working at life, and with a conviction that its opportunities are

eternal joy. limitless and everlasting.

"Second, I shall bring from my gleaning a pure heart. From it "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord"fromSystem,Temple OctoberSquare presented5, 1958. overCopyrightKSL and1958.the

shall flow high ideals, pure thoughts, iSir John Lubbock, The Duty of Happiness.clean speech, righteous actions. By 2Quoted in the above.

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA place; then shall I receive the blessThere were squeals and quick "His name is 'diet.'He's twentying from the Lord and righteousness clutching of papers, as they fished one, he has 'yummy blue eyes.'

from the God of my salvation."out the names. I knew that Mickey "The minute she came in flashing

I gave a little thankyou speech; had picked out mine, by the way she that ring, I could feel little waves

the girls served the punch and glanced at me and snickered. I of green envy going around that

cookies to their mothers; and we had reached for the last one. room. She's going to be married

our closing prayer. Shannon LeRov. Birthdav, March next summer in front of her mother's

I felt satisfied with the evening. 17. Hobbies: Dancing, buying new rosebanked fireplace. Chet is going

The girls seemed impressed with its clothes, boys. to buy a new car and take her to

message. But Shannon wasn't there. I almost laughed and almost wept. Mexico for a honeymoon.

She hadn't felt that it was important Here was my chance to reach her, "Oh, Ray,"I wept into his shoulenough to come. as a "Secret Pal."But how could I der, "how can I teach those girls the

I thought I might possibly strike ever do it, when she frankly stated importance of temple marriage and a spark in her several Tuesdays that she was interested only in boys waiting for the 'right one,'when later, when the girl's chose secret and clothes and dancing? everything that girl does and says

pals. The Tuesday after Thanksgiving shows me wrong?"

Everyone in the class wrote her I came home from Mutual really All he could say was, "Well, you name on a strip of paper, her birth shook up. I was so mad I was tried."

date, and her hobbies. We put the sputtering. The Junior GleanerJunior M Men

papers in a box, and then pulled "Ray!"I cried. "Do you know Stake Christmas Ball was to be held

out, secretly, the name of the girl what she's done?"in our ward because we had a large

we would be a "pal"to in the comHe didn't have to ask who "she"dance floor. Our boys and girls

ing year. We were to remember was. were asked to do the decorations.

forher special her birthday on next and the on work them "Well sixteen- "She's engaged! That

itholidays, I secret exlessons,"and three after our try to keep weeks tonight child yearold wearcame in the from. we'll plained. remembrance was putwho "Then them up

The girls, with giggles escaping ing a diamond so big she needed Saturday morning before the dance.

like leaky hoses, wrote their informa- a crutch. What can her parents be Do any of you have any suggestions

tion and sneaked the folded papers thinking of?"for pretty decorations?"They chatinto the box. Shannon, with a bored "I suspect thev're not. Who is tered happily for the next half hour

flip, tossed hers in, too. he?"about Christmas trees and Santa

V'mo*i Wire Rope Wire

Industrial Wire Cloth Heavy and Special Steel Items and Space Screens

Welded Wire THE COLORADO FUEL AND IRON CORPORATION FormedSpringsWiresand

Fabric Salt Lake City Sales Office: 212 West 13th South Street

Metal Processing Belts Rails and Fasteners Hardware Products and Realock Chain Link Fence

Wire Products for Farm and Ranch

DECEMBER 1958 981'NEW BEAUTY FOR YOUR HOME WITH

.. Another hind of Courage

Richard L. Evans

It takes many kinds of courage to live through life—the courage to face facts, to solve problems;

THE the courage to accept assignments, to stay with what

SPOKEN we have started, the courage to follow through; WORD

the courage to preserve principles, and sometimes to fight for them. And there are times, paradoxically, that call forTROPICBLOX another kind of courage—even the courage to run away. It is this BEAUTY INFORMAL, ENDURING kind talk of courage of for a or two, first would moment that we WITH ECONOMY

recalling of it in the decision in that an example saved Joseph

TropieIT'S TROPICBLOX EASY THE WAY! Precisioncut

blox make sparkling new interiors when applied diEgypt when Potiphar's wife enticed and tempted him—"But he

rectly over dingy painted or papered walls. Their refused and said unto his master's wife... how then can I do this

parquet patterns harmonize with traditional or modern great wickedness, and sin against God?... and he fled, and got

concolor schemes. newmodes and When planning then the reads "the record him out."that Lord 1 And was with

struction, provide sure Tropicblox. to see They be a Joseph, mercy, favour"shewed and and gave him him 1—because in for homebuilders. idea Use thembreathtaking new

any room in the house. And remember—it's goodbye he had the strength, the courage to "flee, and get out."Some

to painting and redecorating with Baylaun Philippine lightness of humor has sometimes been suggested in walking back right stains or dust Tropicblox; wipeMahogany off! from rides rather than yielding to improper proposals. But the 16"squares x 16"are precisioncutBaylaun Tropicblox

of Philippine Mahoganyfaced plywood. Each square courage to walk out away from moral compromise is a high kind

is slightly beveled on four sides, perfect fitting. Availof courage: the courage to remain virtuous, to preserve chastity;

able in White Lauan or Red Tanguile. the courage to sever an undesirable association. There are many

Distributed by enticements in life, many temptations—to compromise principles,

MORRISONMERRILL toapproval.come withAndthe whilecrowd,it tois followgenerallyfalsegoodfashions,to beto asplaypleasantfor popularwith

&CO. people as possible, it is never good to be agreeable to enter into

Building Material Distributors any act of evil. There is an old saying that misery likes company.

And evil does also—and it doesn't easily let loose. And it sometimes

takes a special kind of courage on the part of young people to turn from ridicule, from the pointing of ringers, from the accusation of being afraid to take a dare—to do what shouldn't be done. Yes,

Metered lifeswallowrequirespride,manyto kindsadmit ofa courage—themistake, to repent,couragetoto forgive,turn back,to beto

reconciled, to leave bad habits behind. Courage is required someto retreat, times to stand. at stay sometimes that and and But

precarious evil of PIANO ALBUMS the odds are uppermost, moment when may we

CELESTIAL ECHOESRovenger 1.00 most need the courage to walk out, to close the door, to leave the

LORENZ PIANISTCHURCH evil environment, even as did a young man in ancient Egypt, who

Vols. 1, 2, 3 ea. 1.50

PIANO HYMN VOLUNTARIES- "fled, and got him out."

Lorenz 1.50

PIANO TRANSCRIPTIONS OF FAVORITE YOUR HYMNS 1.25 "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord"fromSystem,TempleOctoberSquare 12,presented1958. overCopyrightKSL and1958.the

1.25 VOLUNTARIESPresser PIANO

PRELUDES, OFFERTORIES a iGenesis 39:8, 9, 12, 21.

POSTLUDESVols. 1 & 2-Stickles ea. 1.25

SACRED MUSIC FOR PIANO SOLO 1.50

SACRED PIANO ALBUMGahm 1.25

SACRED PIANISTStickles 1.25

TRANQUIL HOURSPresser 1.50

Music Sent on Approval this advertisement Use as your order blank PRAYER FOR TODAY

i DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY j 15 E. 1st South

1 Salt City 11, Lake Utah Please the send music indicated above. by Mirla Greenwood Thayne

On Approval Charge Money Enclosed Great God of Truth, deliver us from this:

l Name The cowardice that shrinks from truth that's new,

I Address The laziness that knows the doubtful bliss dross content that halftruth tends to brew. And

!| City & State us the arrogance that thinks Spare it knows

All truth—to spurn the need of any more.

aunes Music UnsealIn open ourfields,mindsnewandvistasleadto ourexplore.vagrant feet

Trrrrrrm 15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOV''Salt Lake City 11, Utah 982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For business or pleasure, Clauses and "Where can we get for anything IN THE WEST /* some tail stepladders?"under the sun

Through all the discussion, ShanBonanza flies youGO BY AIR non said nothing. But when the to the fun! GO BONANZAclass was over, and I was collecting Now serving

my books, she came up to me and 22 resort cities in said, "I'd like to do the decorations."California, Arizona,

I couldn't hide my surprise. "Have Nevada and Utah

you ever done anything like that?"

"I've had a little experience,"she RENO said loftily.

"Yah,"Terry volunteered. "She

was in charge of decorations for the Sophomore Prom last year."

"She's real good,"said Betty.

"I'm willing to put you in charge,

Shannon, if the others say you can doit.""Sure, we'll let her,"they agreed.

For the next three weeks, after the LOS ANGELES lesson, they worked with blue and INTL.*

silver paper and sequins, fashioning stars and snowflakes and flying reindeer. SAN DIEGO

In her cool little way, Shannon had a good deal of ability. She was COMING SOON

clever and artistic, and she could F-27 Silver Darts..,

make the others do what she wanted. America's newest

Being artistically stupid myself, I turboprop airplanes was glad to let her do it.

The Saturday morning of the girlsdance, the and fellows arrived the decorations.to hang In old FLY BONANZA AIR LINES

shirts and rolledup jeans, they stood around and laughed and waited to be told what to do. I didn't feel

that it was my project anymore, so

I waited, too, for Shannon.

In she strolled, wearing figurehugging toreador pants. In five minutes she had the work organized—the

girls, including me, sticking stars and snowflakes on the walls, and the boys climbing stepladders to hang the reindeer. We decorated IF CHRIST WALKED THE EARTH

the effect. hall with charming The TfiniY—i Qvitipncnii 11 n/ it if

stars glitsequined and snowflakes tered.and twinkled the walls, from

silverand the reindeer flew about NORMAN VINCENT PEALE; DR.

the room, suspended on threads RALPH VI. SOCKMAN; DULY the ceiling.from

It was a beautiful dance, and GRAHAM; GUSTAVE WEIGEL,S..I.

Shannon's decorations made it so.

But where was the girl? While the

teenagers of the stake foxtrotted, and waltzed, through the evening, she never, came. People everywhere

were exclaiming how pretty the hall was. She should have been there

for the applause. It wasn't like her

to miss a personal triumph. and much more of interest and inspiration.

There would be no more Mutual You will be spiritually richer for having until after the New Year. I went read MAN AND GOD...the special

Christmas shopping the Monday December issue of COSMOPOLITAN after the dance, and finished my day entirely devoted to the eternal values.

on your newsstand Nov. 25

DECEMBER 1958 983 with a dilemma. What, oh, what, and lifted it out. It was a beautiful house, we opened our presents. We

could I buy my Secret Pal? I had little gold box, with a hinged lid gave the boys the new ski equipment

a feeling her taste and mine were and—I had been right—it did have, they had been hinting for; I prenot the same. What I would conengraved on the top, entwined sented Ray with the full set of the

sider pretty and useful she would stalks of wheat. Comprehensive History of the

probably scorn. I wanted to reach "I'll take it,"I said. I didn't even Church which he had long wanted.

her, very much. I knew she had ask the price. Shannon would know He gave me the new mixer I needed,

talent, and the abilities of a leader. who had sent it, but I didn't care. and hosiery, and a new robe. The

I didn't want to see her throw it all It was perfect. boys had pooled their resources and

away in an unwise marriage. If I "Dear Shannon: (I wrote on the bought us, jointly, a gasoline camp

could do something to make her accard stove. Their motive was hideously

cept me as a friend. Standing in the "For all you value most highly, I apparent, but we laughed and

snow, I prayed that Shannon might send this little box. thanked them and hugged one anrealize the Gleaner ideal of woman- "From one who treasures you, other.

hood, and make its goals her own. "Your Secret Pal"The doorbell chimed. My men

It was getting late and starting were busy examing the camp stove, to snow again. I hurried to the bus Christmas Eve Ray and I went to so I went to answer it.

stop and stood waiting, my back to meet our boys at the bus, home from There on the steps, tears streaking a store window. college for the holidays. They her face, stood Shannon.

The bus was late, so I turned to tramped about the house, and ate "My dear, what's wrong?"I exlook at the wares in the showcase enormously and laughed and told claimed. I had never seen her show

behind me. It was a jewelry store, college jokes and called up girls. It emotion of any kind.

flashy with rings and watches and was good to have them home. "Mrs.—S i s t e r Gregory, I"—she

rhinestone bracelets. Christmas morning I was up early gulped back a sob, "I got the little

Shannon might appreciate a piece to put the turkey in the oven, but box you sent. I knew it was from

of jewelry. But I couldn't afford no earlier than the boys, who you, so I—I wanted to thank you,"

anything that could possibly comthundered down the stairs to turn she wailed.

pete with the glaring diamond she on the tree lights and put some "Well, you're welcome, Shannon;

wore. I peered closer at an object Christmas carols on the record but I'm sorry it made you cry."

in the corner, then went inside to player. "Sister Gregory."She was strugget a better look. With our tree aglitter, and "Oh, gling to control her voice. "Do you

"That jewelry box?"the clerk said, Come, All Ye Faithful"filling the know what I got for Christmas this

The Perfect Family Gift!

KEYSTONE ELECTRICEYE MOVIE CAMERA Now... take perfect pictures the second

the action takes place. Just sight and shoot.

Electric eye setsits cameracamera automatically.automatically.

Builtin filters.

Turret with f1.8 reg. lens. $8995

With 3 lenses. *119.95

MAIL name,Same termswife'sapply.name, Pleaseaddress,sendcityin yourand

sta,e employer's name and a credit ORDER reference.'

SALT LAKE155 S. Main273 S. Main2190 Highland Dr.

Other Camera Depts.—Ogden, Provo, Idaho Falls

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA morning? My mother gave me a

new dress, and Daddy gave me a check; and you gave me the little

box. I went to put my treasures in

it, like you said on the card, and do you know? I only had two treasures—only two real treasures—my

Junior Gleaner necklace and that little card you gave me, with the

Gleaner Sheaf on it. I didn't have

another thing that was really important.

Her voice was very low. "I

realized, all of a sudden, how poor

I was. "Oh, Sister Gregory."The Kleenex

she was dabbing at her eyes wasn't stemming the flow. "I wanted to

come to that dance. I wanted to

see how the room looked, and have fun with the other kids."

"Why didn't you come, Shannon?"

"Chet didn't want to go. He said

Church stuff was stupid. I gave him

back his ring. See?"She held out

her empty hand.

"I want to be like the other girls and like you!"

She was trembling, and I realized that she was cold.

I took her in my arms and led her into the house.

"Ill help you, Shannon,"I said, "to be much better than I am. And

I'm going to be your really true

Secret Pal."

UTOCO MOOD MUSIC

by Leah Sherman For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves

IT! The dream YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET

Whitened against far hills. Utah Oil Refining Co.

Stars

for plucking enoughLow IT COST sky. HOW MUCH WOULD the midnight Blossomed "Silent Night"caroled through stillTO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

ness The average homeowner today carLet us check your

Of cathedral firs—laughter—ries only 40% enough fire insurance.

The mountains nearing propertyHe's thin kingcost, backwardinstead o f toforwardwhat histo replacement valUntil we stood upon one, what it wou d cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

Reaching arms wide To embrace the night. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents 20 South Main Street Salt Lake City 1

DECEMBER 1958 985 Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Yourself this GIVE of

Your Time, Your Energy, Your Inspiration

As a Person Real, At Christmas time,

You joyously give Of material things To those you love and hold most dear.

As a Person of Worth, The whole year round,

Give of yourself;

Give service sincere, And follow His teachings; he is near ever.

The most precious gift is yourself—wrap yourself

up securely with your heartstrings and deliver happily.

Thought plus heart makes a precious combination for any gift.

You are giving of yourself in such a big way when you give food you have made for gifts, and - holiday parties, for fun. One precaution, be careful to plan well so

most of the work is done ahead of the exciting last week, before

Christmas. Too tired mothers do

not add to the holiday spirit. Most

of the food giftso can be made.-

and stored in advance and simple, wellplanned entertain- -.-"""*. ing ment is best.

Tin's entertaining business must include the whole family; It isn't fair for parents

just to entertain their own friends, pushing the children PrizeWinning Cook gives a new twist to pizza—calls it "Turkey Trizza"!

"Just add yeast to biscuit mix for real Italian pizza crust—top it with creamy turkeyand-cheese

filling. A perfect way to finish the holiday bird!"

says Mrs. Hoyt Palmer, prizewinning

cook at the Utah State Fair.

"You know, yeast cookery has a wonderful flavor all its own. And now it's easy

with the new yeast and biscuit mix recipes. Just be sure that you use

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast—it

rises so fast and keeps for months."

Christmas Turkey Trizza \

until tender... into cup bowl warm Sautd %Your Ideas, Measure

to 115F.) green. pepper.. V2 cup 105 (not chopped hot—water

Sprinkle in... 1 package Stir in... 2 cans condensed cream

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast of chicken soup, undiluted

Stir until dissolved Add.. 2 cups cutup leftover turkey

Add... 2V2 cups biscuit mix Cook 5 minutes, pour into crust.

cheese, with Mozzarella 2 oz. surTop onto vigorously. dough Turn Beat is for everytime aside—Christmas

in cut 6.. squares biscuit mix. dusted well with Knead face eight of mother in one—I know one at 20 minhot 425F. 1 5 to oven Bake times. into Roll until 20 about smooth,

who decided to let each child have rectangle about 15 x 11 inches. Place utes, until crust is brown, filling hot and

one day to entertain his or her speon ungreased baking sheet. Roll back bubbly. Serve immediately.

edge to form and pinch of dough cial friends. Everyone entered in edge asparagus The yeast high. Place cooked Y2 inch

and, to say the least, a busy time spears on crust to form 6 squares. prizewinning

was had by all. This mother said Melt in skillet... 1 tablespoon cooks prefer

perhaps it was a good idea for margarine or butter. Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. "-———.—.... y one year but another time she would V

group the different ages together and hold two or three parties at the very most, in this way leaving time for each other.

Tradition is a wonderful thing.

Families are bound closer together by building up things "we always do."For instance: are you always

ready ahead of time with "thank you's"for carolers? Have a small

tree tied with candy canes to give each singer, or have a huge basket of popcorn balls on the hall table, or a big kettle of hot punch ready to serve.

Now what about Christmas Eve?

It's always a busy time but we still must eat. How do big bowls of

oyster soup. with sesame seed toast

and Christmas fruit cake appeal to you?

Little stomachs must be fed Christmas morning after the excitement of examining gifts and stockings filled with goodies. This breakfast must be something a little more

special than usual to tempt everySOMETHING'S STIRRING! Have you heard talk lately about Rancho Vegetable Soup?

What tickles us is that folks say they love it. We hear comments like "real fresh

vegetable flavor... nicer color... more body... better seasoned."Why not an opinion

pollfrom yourfamily on Rancho Vegetable Soup? Tonight, perhaps? Tomorrow, sure!

DECEMBER. 1958 987

one. Try slicing oranges and sprinMint Puffs

kling coconut over the top, add 1 c. water (hot)

pecans to waffles just before baking, Vi lb. butter

and beat some honey into the butter 3 c. sugar

as a spread. Of course milk, as usual, 2 tb. white Karo

makes the best drink, but shake a tiny bit of nutmeg on top. Stir until dissolved, put lid on and

There will be a time during the cook three minutes slowly. Remove

holidays, when groups of youngsters lid, stir crystals off, cook until it

LIVE BETTER will come.in hungry and 'cold from threads in cold water, or 250 F.

skating, sleigh riding, or skiing. Pour onto buttered slab. Add 2 or

ELECTRICALLY Prepare 3 drops of peppermint flavoring.

with Best ever chili Stretch until cold and then cut.

Full Cheese hard rolls (rolls sliced alApplets most through to bottom and c. cold applesauce spread with creamed cheese and Vi HOUSEPOWER 2 tb. gelatine Knox butter seasoned with caraway

seeds and heated in oven) % c. applesauce

Mild tasty chocolate 2 c. sugar

Fruit and nuts 1 c. chopped walnuts

Electricity Costs So Little 1 tb. vanilla

Best Ever Chili You Can Afford a Lot Soak gelatine in cold applesauce 3 c. chili beans for 10 minutes. Combine % c. ap-

2 leaves bay plesauce sugar and and boil on UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. 2 lbs. ground beef (lean) minutes. 10 medium heat Combine

4 onions, chopped both* mixtures and boil slowly 15 1 section garlic, minced minutes, stirring constantly. Take

Cayenne pepper to taste from heat. Add nuts and vanilla.

1 qt. canned tomatoes Pour into loaf tin and let stand over-

1 tb. chili powder night. Remove from pan with

Vz tsp. curry powder fingers covered with powdered

1 tb. powdered cumin sugar and cut into squares and roll

1 tb. salt each square in powered sugar.

GIVE A LIFETIME Wash chili beans, put in kettle Peanut Brittle 1 c. sugar 1 tb. butter OF HEALTH withBoil until6 cupstender.water andFrvthemeat,bay onions,leaves.

V2 c. corn tsp. syrup Vz vanilla garlic until to brown. Add FOR CHRISTMAS and V2 cup water 1 tsp. soda indrained with beans remaining

PUT A LEE gredients. Simmer for about an hour. 1 c. peanuts UNDER THE TREE

LEE HOUSEHOLD Looking back over the vears a Cook sugar, syrup, and water to

FLOUR MILL happy time in many a person's soft ball, add peanuts and continue

ELECTRIC cooking until the is syrup light the evenings set aside were memory PORTABLE brown gives and a test. hard crack AUTOMATIC to by candy. mother make One

ECONOMICAL fire from Remove vanilla, and add child usually nuts, crack anwould other stir the boiling syrup, another stir, then add soda and butter.

beat the poured creamy mass, and Making cookies is another "tostill to another decorate and mold gether"time. Butter cookies VaW may simple inexpenandA the finished product. Everyone into sive put be a cookie to get way press more and come

nutrition tasted, into your helped, everyeveryone and out desirable any festive shape. daily diet.

results. of the one are proud was Here grind stoneWhen you

flour a few hours befour good slightly different recipes. Ice Box Butter Cookies

fore baking you can

ference! really taste the difPanocha 1 c. butter

CHOICE 4 OF MILLS c. sugar %

PRICES! FORWRITE 1 pkg. brown sugar 2 eggs Prompt Shipment!

2 c. sugar white this Save on intro- 1 tsp. vanilla flourductory offer. c. light cream VhSend coupon with 2V2 c. flornorcheck ormoney

forder lb. 5 pkg. ingredients Mix together. Bring

Flour butter, is stone ground sugar. Cream add Beat to boil slowly, shipped.day crystals wipe down eggs thoroughly Stir add. in andLee Engineering Co. side of on pan. stirring Cook conMilwaukee 1, Wis. flour flavoring. rolls. and in Form stantly to softball a stage. on Pour ChillLEE well ENGINEERING press. COMPANY, Dept. IE12 and put through marble slab or platter to cool. Wisconsin Ave.,2023 W. Milwaukee 1, Wis. Beat Bake at 375 F. until light brown. 5-lb. DEAF pkg. SMITH Pp. FLOUR, Only $1.50 until creamy. Pour into buttered WIS. 5-lb. pkg. -MINN. FLOUR, Only Pp. $1.00

N arne pan and cut in squares. But there are times when nothing

Street

City., State

988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will quite take the place of a good old sugar cookie. These can berolled out and cut into every shape Covacfd

imaginable. the After cookies are Rot Shoppes Icut frostand decorate with baked I nevvTmericT/ B I p ''Food whole family"fill for theing gifts for baskets or and

parking Ample adecorate Christmas whole tree with CENTER OF lightsnothing twinkling but and CONVENIENCE the opening Announcingcookies tied with ribbon bows. IN addition! of Covey a new

Sugar Cookies SALT LAKE CITY..individually controlled healing and air

Vi c. butter or margarine conditioning... wallto-wall carpeting..

1 c. white sugar semiprivate dressing areas... instant

2 eggs central music facilities... TV rooms...

1 tb. milk tile baths, luh and shower combinations.

3/2 tsp. salt Now 320 beautifully appointed rooms.

1 tsp. baking powder

1 tsp. vanilla or lemon

flour—about 2 cups

Cream shortening. Add sugar and

eggs. Beat for five minutes. Add

milk and flour mixed with salt and baking powder. Dough should be

of consistency to roll. Chill, roll,

sprinkle with sugar and cut in fancy shapes. Bake at 375.

Food gifts can be very special.

Try a few of the following suggestions:

Large shortening can, painted, at 3-6781 FIFTH STREET Phone SOUTH MAIN EM

Street; also for convenience: West Temple Main easy two entrancesdecorated, and filled with a standard Now

quick homemade pastry mix.

Pretty glass filled with spiced nuts / Here's all you do:

and tied with a big bow.

Peanut brittle poured out in a atDepositState$100.Savings,CO or moreand

Pizza pan and covered with saran along with a big 31/2% wrap. earnings on your savJams, plain in the container they ings,Sheafferyou cartridgewill receivefoun-a

were canned in, or taken out in a tain pen and pencil set.

bowl, and a half cup of nuts folded This is an executive into the jam, then placed in a pretty type pen that writes dish, covered with saran wrap. withpoint ink,pen. not However,a ballBasket of popcorn balls or choice when the pen runs dry,

fruit or nuts. just slip in a new carSweet breads formed in the shape tridge. Four refills come

of Christmas trees, wreaths and withday foreachan set.idealSendChristto-

braids, and decorated with frosting mas gift. Give a savings

and candied fruit. It is nice to give account and a Sheaffer

these breads on a new cookie sheet. set.

Pastry Mix 6 c. sifted flour

1 lb. lard 3 tsp. salt 'Current dividend 3V2%

Sift flour and salt together and You may open your account by mail and receive your Sheaffer pen and pencil set.

blend in lard. Store in covered jar 1in refrigerator. This mix will keep era

nicely for six to eight weeks. For Name

one double crust pie blend in lightly 4 tsp. cold water in 2 c. of the Street or RFD

pastry mix.

City State Give of yourselves this Christmas time. Have a happy, joyful time Savings(Check orAmountMoney EnclosedOrder) $

together.

Your pen and pencil set will be mailed to you.

AND56 SouthLOANMain, ASSOCIATIONSalt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1958 989 Ah, Wilderness to +>cLlt cJLahe Litu. cominf 9 (Continued) parents mentally. He

may do this by committing nightawaiting your arrival is the new and beautiful time burglaries, stealing cars, committing vandalism, playing hooky from school, or indulging in some of the local adult vices. He knows

this will alienate him from his parHOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE ents but he deliberately lunges into it with a defiant shout of retaliatory is out to show his Conveniently located adjacent to the Tern vengeance. He

pie Grounds, the Hotel Utah Motor parents he can hurt them.

Lodge offers spacious, attractive, Strangely enough, an overpro- rooms, airconditioned each tected boy may do exactly the same television with and thing.

radio.

Overprotection is another form

Also, you will find deof rejection. "Momism"can be

licious foods at The lavished upon a boy to the point

Crossroads restaurant. So, to where the love she showers upon

be sure your Salt him becomes a symbol of destrucLake visit is an tion. The boy feels her flood of love

enjoyable one is drowning him. He can never be

himself, stick up for himself or find

Make your out for himself. Always mother is reservations

now at the right there to take over. A boy

ultimately comes to feel that the mother does not really love him but her satiate to trying is merely HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE like feels a instinct. maternal He

Max Carpenter, Mgr. moth in a cocoon—ready to burst

forth to freedom. Crime sometimes

becomes the symbol of that freedom.

Why the Increase in Adolescent Crime?

a MORRISON MEAT PIE is a The pressures of modern living plus the explosive powers of early adolescence frequently combine to Banquet Anytime create criminal thrusts on the part

LOOK for the RED and ofare thebeginningmultiproblemto feel boy.that Expertssociety

YELLOW LABEL! itselfby settingis contributingup values whichto the areproblemproving fallacious. This is particularly

of the evident more progresin some 1136 SOUTH STATE STREET as sive nations such Sweden,

States. counThese the United and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Britain,

sociological tries highest the have development, but often 13and 14year-olds are committing the crimes of violence ordinarily expected of adults.

Many experts feel. that in our

anxiety to share the new levels of

I fjcmw ituAj J)jMaxtm&n prosperity and free, comfortable

Please send a free Home Study Catalog tot living with everyone, we have taken

Name. a lot of the discipline out of human Street

City State relations. Not only have we softened

MAIL TO: AdultBrighamEducationYoung Universityand Extension Services our behavior restrictions for adults,

Home Study Department Provo, Utah but we have sometimes battered down practically all of the important brings classes restrictionsing crime countfor youth.has beenA theskyrocketresult.

to you

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rebuilding the "barriers of security"in society can be done in a very short time. It simply requires

the elimination of some false values and the popularizing of some true ones.

What are some of the false values?* 1. The idea that children can be

raised as well by nursery schools or some social agency as by their mothers. 2. That delinquency thrives only

in big cities and poor neighborhoods.

3. That youth are not responsible

for their criminal conduct until they Delicious... nourishing

have passed the age of a juvenile. Contains the non fat solids of a full glass of milk

4. That delinquent youth are

Enriched with vitamins and ironsimply "maladjusted."

5. That children develop best Salt Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogdenwhen parents have satisfied all of

the children's "needs."

6. That it is all right to keep children in one world and adults in J%e S-6

another. 7. That it is all right for adults "BANQUETMASTER"

LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEWto indulge in themselves pracpoor TABLE FOLDING BANQUET Replace crowded "hat for Designed beautiful today'stices so as long they not allow do trees"efficient with S-6 Churches Schools Office (have Valets room Cafes Private their to children Homes "until do so they. for guests too) Valet Each

6 spaced coatgrow up."provides

ventilated hangers, 6 hat spaces, to In contrast umbrellastand false these values, and30"overshoe platforms of the truewhat arc some ones? xl6"floor space. Keepin

1. Society has never worked out wrapspress". aired,Lifetimedry andwelded"in

a satisfactory substitute for a good steelloosens,construction—neverwobbles or tips

over. of Choice modernmother. It should therefore become by West Made finishes. Sold baked by L.D.S. in workmen.the culturalpart of our to framework office leading furniture buy, compare BanBefore you BISHOPS—dealers everywhere.encourage material to for quality of and mothers at quetmasters remain

home with their children if at all workmanship,for descriptive beautybrochureof withdesign.pricesWriteand

possible. discounts.

Satisfaction Guaranteed VALET WLCC&J2A RACKS 2. Delinquency can be expected SampleWrite ortabletelephonesent forcollectyourJA inspection.2-6601. industrial Commercial, Stationary porand striketo in either city or countryside, institutional and and wardrobe table Wardrobe locker

equipment and complete checkrooms. Racko for the office and the home.in rich homes as well as poor homes. D. H. LOOSLIIdaho Falls, IdahoCO., INC.

must revise our CO. present VOGELPETERSON 3. We SJr

West 37th Street Chicago 9, U.S.A. 690 1121trend to protect their youth from

criminal acts which have been deliberately planned and calculatingly executed. 4. Every human being is maladjusted of aspect to some life and PARTY FOODS BOOK being learn to mustevery human

adjust to changing circumstances by Luanda C. Larsen

from day to day. Therefore, we Approximately 324 pages of valuable recipes, complete inshould refuse to make special constructions, and unusual methods of party foods preparation

fit for to students occasion every homemakers, andcessions to a youth pleads who original, follow professionals. to choice, easy mostly Very

clinicalhe is "maladjusted"unless guides. selection recipes exciting picture with Every an

studies show him to be physically or adventure in fine eating. Selected recipes drawn from the

mentally handicapped to a signifiauthor's many years of professional experience. Widely

cant degree. $6.50 hasknownwrittenfor herthiswonderfulbook forfoodsher manyand hospitality,friends. Mrs. Larsen

5. After a child has provided been

his essentialwith the needs parent CAXTON PRINTERS Caldwell, Idaho -. Complete Catalog No. 931 E Is Yours For the Asking

Please send: PARTY FOODS BOOK.

Several of these were suggested to me by Enclosed find $6.50

Dr. Manuel LopezRey, chief of the United

Nations Section Social Defense, on who has Name CAXTON a conductingbeen survey worldwide on juvenile crime. of

Address CALDWELL, IDAHO City and State j

DECEMBER 1958 991 Shopat- Home should not try to spend every waking the sooner the child is likely to taste

Custom moment attempting to keep Junior the fruit of happy, welladjusted

Services from feeling frustrated or developliving.

ing "tensions."Children should be 7. Parents should decide what

taught to try to work out their tenthey want their children to be like sions and satisfy their own needs and then strive to lead them to it by insofar as possible. example. Otherwise many children

Phone Now! 6. There is only one world for will strike out at their parents. They

Shop for both children and adults, and the resent discriminatory parents who

Any Room sooner children acquire the ambition force them to do what the parents in Your to meet the demands and responsiwill not do themselves.

Home! bilities of the adult world of reality, (To be continued)

These Times level of religious zealotry, none such even at Christmas, feels oversorry (Continued) meting out the law for the wilful, lazy, or improvident.

Living full measure, to be feared. But at Predestination and depravity neatly

Room Christmas time it is hardly the aloof, took care of the Lord's poor as well respected Father nor the terrible as the poor devils.

and mighty Judge that comes into But is that the point of it all?

PHONE EL 5-6651 mind. It is the loving and tender Despite modern revelation and a

For Free Estimates Parent of a newborn Son—with the clearer conception of what Joseph

call will furnishing consultant home A it is the the most important Too, him. Smith called cross awaiting

will assist samples. on you with you He the namother; the question of the picture young men ask—namely, in in right selecting colors fabrics and

your own home. No obligation, of Son of God himself as an infant, ture and character of God—do we

course! sweet, gentle, and mild. The Father tend to misread men and the uniand the Son, viewed from the scene verse except for a few moments at

of the nativity, are seen in the most Christmas?c*#<K<*M<t*y6tc4'SEARS sympathetic of human terms. The Can we afford lack of compassion

rest of the year they may be visualfor anything or anyone? Are some

Order Today izedthe lawas theand,oneswe hope,who standforgivebehindus if menof thetodamned,be consignedas withto theCalvin?categoryOr

is not done, or if not, to the categories of being wilGRIND YOUR OWN our ward teaching our with busier lazy, genefully neglectful, if get improvident? we don't FLOUR & CEREAL a better achieve to to or fail underhelp are there reasons alogy, Or sturdy with this

all at Sacrament suffering? month next stand attendance human We

meeting. But on Christmas Eve, all trust God will never view us as havall is forgiveness, is uning placed ourselves, or having love, all is been WHEATMAK>=S PERFECT MILLGIFT! glowbask in the consigned, compasderstanding. beyond mercy, More Than We

10,000 Sold ing radiance of this aspect of the sion, and his help. We all believe, to Date

truth of Christmas. in principle, and in the abstract, in

ONLY Calvin's emphasis on predestinahis love for us and for all men: that

to "strive"in order that who deserts his family, the alcoholic, $650 tionand womenstimulated many western men the prisoner, the psychotic, the man

POSTPAID their grace and salvation might be the social or moral deviant, all "need

ANYWHERE IN evident to all through the demonhelp"; perhaps no more than those

AMERICA strated competence and orderliness who can express gratitude and thank of their lives. "The New England God, like the Sadducee, that we are

conscience"is familiar to us all. not as other men. Yet, there are

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all This "drive"to demonstrate worth times which come to many of us, kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds IV2 and status among "the elect"has when, like the publican, we wish to

flour or cereal of pounds per minute. been noted by the great sociologist stand afaroff with bowed head and

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Max Weber in his classic, The utter the prayer: "God, be merciful

Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of to me, a sinner."

Please send one Wheat me Mill. Enclosed is Capitalism, and by his British conPerhaps it is time to think more order.) or (check money S6.50

truth about that the the fact in his also about temporary, R. H. Tawney,

truth; that the is simply Rise Christmas the Religion andName... notable work,

Address of Capitalism. Our society is under life's quest is the search for truth,

City heavy debt to this impulse. Its il- "the noblest prize to which mortals

State..... logical fruit in economics, carried too or Gods can aspire"; and that life's

far, is Ebenezer Scrooge. At the problems yield to the search for

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE flTY, UTAH

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Have truth; that if any man lack wisdomhe can ask of God "who giveth to enough V

all men liberally and upbraideth not."Christmas

The truth of Christmas is neither pagan relief from the ascetism ofCalvin nor casting ourselves on the cash?

maudlin mercy of an errorproof You can enjoy a debtfree holiday in 1959.

regime of effortless ease. The truth Start planning for next Christmas now!

of Christmas, the annual revelation Open your Christmas savings account at of those refined feelings of peace we AMERICAN SAVINGS, and each pay day experience, is the demonstration of save a regular amount toward your Christwhat life can become on other days. mas goal. While you save, AMERICAN

It might be possible for those feelactually pays you at 314% current rate.

ings to be extended into more days Then, next year you can pay for Christmas

..of the year. The same feelings come with cash! Start saving today at

after a job well done in July or

August. They come with the discovery of new and rewarding things CURRENT RATEin April or October. One of the dme/umn Scmnak

greatest of modern revelations has SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH:

Dr.ve. 2186 Highland truth; forto with the search with do OFFICE: HOME 63 South Main, Salt City Lake 1 I, Utah Cily late 6, Utah INSURED fact thatthe be Soil must by nature man

Honolulu. OFFICE: Hawaii DIVISIONAL inSouih Morlcet Street, eternal 3555 Salt Lake being, GRANGER:a truthseeking an

H.lo, OFFICE: Hawaii BRANCH City 4, Utah

:vestigator

"Ye were also in the beginning Whenever you movewith the Father; that which is Spirit, DRINK Send your old mailing label toeven the Spirit of truth; gether with your new address to

is of things truth knowledge "And ficq A delightful THE ERA IMPROVEMENT are, as they were,as and they and those for hot beverage

North Main Street 50 coffee.... drink don't who to areas come; they

"The glory of God is intelligence, AT YOUR GROCERS Salt Lake City 16, Utah or, in other words, light and truth."

(D&C 93:2324,36.)

The feelings we experience at Christmas, then, imply more than giftgiving. necesthe They imply I s t h e Ct)Urd) life, of the endsitv of the Godlike %WS

less search for light, truth, and intelligence. To this extent our gifts,

like Christ the Son and the other in vour home?gifts of God, who "upbraideth not,"become good gifts. "Go, search in y

the depths where it glittering lies;

or ascend, in pursuit, to the loftiest Every week the Deseret News skies,"said John Jacques. Only the "Church News"Section brings

truth will stand, unpropped, after

Latterday Saints together.Christmas.

It is an official organ of the Church and contains reports, instruction and news that should be in every

L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail

this coupon now for information.

"CHURCH NEWS"Knowledge is proud that he has 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Please send me subscription information on the learned so much; "Church News."

Wisdom is humble that he knows Name no more.—Cowper Address

City State

DECEMBER 1958 993 r KITCHEn CHAR1TI WAXED PAPER The Kindness of Correction

KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER! Richard L. Evans

We would turn for a moment or two today to what could seem to be a paradoxical subject: The kindTHE ness of correction. We are thinking of some lines

SPOKEN of a letter from a girl whose parents had corrected WORD her for some wayward ways: "You know, right then

I decided my parents really did love me,"she said. "They loved

me enough to care what I did or what became of me, and to try to keep me from getting into trouble."What kind of mother or

father would fail to teach or fail to correct a child as occasion requires? We all make mistakes, and correction is part of the

teaching process. It should be positive and purposeful, not cutting

or unkind, not with an edge on it, and, if possible, not in angeralways taking feelings and circumstances into consideration, but never failing to distinguish right from wrong. How can anyone

ever learn, if someone doesn't care enough to correct. And even

though there is some sting in it at the time, some embarrassment, some resentment, nevertheless, as we look back later in life, we come to know that we have cause to be grateful to those who cared enough to correct. Of course, there are the caustic critics, the

cruel critics, the selfappointed faultfinders who too much enjoy their task, and the harsh punishers of people who needlessly embarrass. But blessedly there are also the pleaders, the persuaders,

the true teachers, the molders and the shapers who try to be kind, circumstances than constructive, more severe no and make and WITH MILLIONS POPULAR essential. inseparably with are absolutely each So we associated... OF HOUSEWIVES

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS itotheris withthat thefailures,successandof sochildrenit is withis thesorrows.success ofAndparents,to parentsand so

young parents especially—we would say: It is never too early to

teach, never too early to set a proper example, never too early to correct in kindness—and there is no real way of removing from

For Home and Ward parents the responsibility to teach their children. In youth, and

Library all along the years of life, we all do things that call for the kindness of correction. it, or in taking giving should learn And in it, we Use

... "persuasion, the indispensable that elements: these are among

longsuffering,... gentleness and meekness.... Reproving betimes

Bind your '57 with sharpness... and then showing forth afterwards an increase

of love toward him whom thou hast reproved."1 Love, earnest

ERAS and "unfeigned love"1 is among the greatest elements in a successful kind of correction. J.

Send 4c stamp for "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

, index to Columbia Broadcasting System, October 19, 1958. Copyright 1958.

]D & C 121:41, 43.

The Improvement Era 50 North Main St. CALENDAR REVISED

Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah by E. C. Craig

Where are the high resolves -"—"- IT "TIT"M "TT "1 "'- You made last New Year's Day?

"Broken like most such vowsIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS It's nothing new,"you say.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth Yet in your heart you yearn and throat irritations. To start afresh next year,

Forgetting all the while HALL'S REMEDY You might begin from here.

Salt Lake City, Utah

994 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Cover, Camera Clix John Davenport, art, 885 Harold M. Lambert Studios, 888, 909

Ed Maryon and Ralph Reynolds, art, 900901

Walter Lillian, 898, 903 Dobson Rroadhead, sketches, 914974

Dave Burton, art, 904, 988 Lorin Wiggins, 906907, 988 Jeanne Lindorff, art, 907, 912

Vanden Bosch Studio, Ogden, 911

NEIGHBOR

by Eleanor Alletta Chaffee

Her hair you would never remember;

No stars glowed in her eyes;

No drama quickened her even way

Or touched her to surprise.

She baked and mended and raised

Her precious four without Complications: her simple faith

Untarnished by any doubt.

But when she left, they missed her

As one lacks, after storm, The quiet blessing of sun on stone,

Or in winter, the slow flame, warm.

Direct Prices & Discounts to Schools, Churches, Clubs, Lodges, and all Institutions CHRISTMAS CAROLS

by Robison Alma Higbee TRUCKS MONROE storing For truck wayTables easy,either modernFoldingtables of choirspermits EachandConstrucstorageChairs No TSCorI felt no glow of Christmas tionin limited Truckspace though TransportTrack No.StorageTS handlesthe

scent of pine Write for Discounts and Catalog showing 54 sizes and ur%r%f /--+:$Filled the room; wind spoke an icy populartypes oflineMONROEof FoldingFoldingChairs.Tables, and Trucks. Also

word outside;

W1ctt*oe. THE COMPANY littleThe...to you and you tree with silver glistened, 249 STREET. CHURCH COLFAX, 10WA \ the shine

Of candlelight enriched the sheen...from you...you

of wide Red...and you Christmas ribbon bow that FIL AF bound

The holly wreath, then suddenly the DEVELOPED & PRINTED No Christmas gift is more widespread in or important effect still than Christmas Seals i fight which

Night awoke to the clear and joyous a a M m 1 tuberculosis. 'H jumbop Given by most

help they possound make."ir Americans,.""Exposure sible fcEs3HfPV9!ffW!*ffW the greatest gift of all- 'fill that musicOf seemed to lift and Ron; 35?or life health, itself. wSSJBBSBw gladness. world withThe At the gift the To give that OLD lives Copied and Printed PHOTOS saves

door I found... use Christmas Seals each every on for GENEALOGY—60*Moneyback Guarantee!. letter, card, and package be.. andEight girls singing praises to young

sure to send in your contribution his name, SAM'S today. PHOTO LABTheir 1115, Dept. AA, Salt faces lifted, eyes tender, lips )P. OBox Lake Clty.JW

apart, Buy and use And overhead I saw one star's white Genealogy Sheets Christmas Seals flame, or Copied Documents This space contributed to the thereThen was Christmas, warm ea. to 35c 50 sheets National Tuberculosis Association

to ea. 25c sheets 100 heart. within its affiliates my and by sheets, 100 Over 20c each

Donna Green 130 South 13th East, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EL 9-9975 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DECEMBER 1958 995 The Last Word

"Oh, yes,'*'said Mrs. Blodgett proudly, "we can Sign at a railroad crossing near Colorado Springs:

trace our ancestors back—to—well, I don't know exactly "The average time it takes a train to pass this crossing

who, but we've been descending for centuries."14 seconds—whether vour car is on it or not."

The greatest wealth is to live content with little; The Mother bounced her fouryear-old daughter on

for there is never want where the mind is satisfied. a chair and told her to stay there, because she had

—Lucretius been naughty. The little girl sat there awhile very

quietly, and then exclaimed, "I'll bet if Daddy had

Keeping up with the Jones isn't half as dangerous known you were going to act this way, he wouldn't as trying to pass the Smiths on a hill. have married you!"

ajHMWHWUlM

I should always distrust the man who raves of "I just love to lie in bed in the morning and ring beauty in distant lands and under foreign skies, and for the valet."

yet has never awakened to the beautiful within five "Do you mean to tell me you have a valet?"

miles of the place where he is livingig- "No, No! But I have a bell."

Any time you feel indispensable, take a walk "Well, Johnny,"the father remarked at suppertime, through a cemetery and read the headstones. These "did you do your good deed today?"

people were thought indispensable, too. "Yup. Today I did two good deeds."

"So?"Success or failure in business is caused even more "Yup. I went over to see Aunt Lucy, and she was

by mental attitudes than by mental capacities. glad. Then I came home, and she was glad again."

Our greatest reward is the satisfaction we derive Economy in our affairs has the same effect upon from knowing that we are discharging our full reour fortunes that good breeding has upon our consponsibility. versation.

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sverlasting as the Spirit of Christmas.

On this Christmas day and throughout the New Year, as we worship the Prince of Peace in sacred sanctuaries that dot the valleys and hills, may each of us dwell more deeply on the teachings of hope and good will that have survived through centuries,.

and so thinking draw closer to families, friends, and neighbors. May peace, happiness and contentment

dwell with you always on Christmas and every dav of the New Year.

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

INTERSTATE BRICK CO.

3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ffi 'i*

J<X

will How you express your love?

This is the season for giftgiving and expressions of love. As you

search for appropriate gifts...

gifts that express fully the love and appreciation you feel for your family, there is one gift you may want to include. It is the gift of a

mother's time. It is also the gift of

a full life... a home... an education

for the children... financial

independence. In a word, it is life

insurance, the one sure way to

fill all these needs.

Talk over giftgiving the life insurance way with your Beneficial man. He

can help you give a truly

beneficial gift.

BENEFICIAL LITE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah