->*-. ri

Furnishes to the Family a Complete—

Evenings Entertainment Because the "News"is filled with Mirth—Entertainment—Information—Refinement-—Dignity—Inspiration and Record of the

life of the world for the passing day.

A combination that not only makes the "News"a wholeit to the some newspaper for every Utah home—but has forced

envious position of being

Utah's Leading Evening Newspaper

m Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Poat to any part of the United States If paid In advance, 20c extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here

In onr own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

plrces on market. Mall your order to us now and say yon saw It In the

"Improvement Era."If order Is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached S1.40

11 Light weight cotton. 1.00

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

00 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

B0 Extra white double bleached,'mercerised...'., 8.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 8.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture,. 4.00

70 Snow white SUklleen S.40

18 All Merino Wool... 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 62 to 64 length, as desired. - Longer than 04

Inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra. Garments'with double

backs 25c extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top if

shoulder down to Inside of ankle. Orders for Ie>e than two garments not

accepted.

We manufacture Sweater, coats, Jersey good* and underwear, also flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

MODEL KNITTING WORKS sFRANKLYN CHRISTIANSON, Manager 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake Cty, Utah Phone Hy. 516

"RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE tyPROVBUBNT BRA

AjPlace of Prayer

Wilford Woodruff, fourth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, and the first General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I.

A., (born in Farmington (now A\on), Connecticut, March 1, 1807; died in

San Francisco, September 2, 1898) before he joined the Church and ever after, was a strong believer in the efficacy of prayer. He had a place of

prayer. In the early spring of 1830, he was employed to run a flour mill

at Collinsville, Connecticut. During this time he became especially anxious

to know the will of the Lord. He says:

"My work in the mill was very light, and I passed much of my time in reading, in meditation, and in prayer. I read the Bible, and it was

like a new book to me. I received much light in perusing its sacred pages.

If I was cast down, tried, or tempted, I found in it relief in connection with the Spirit of God.

"A short distance from the mill was a beautiful island upon the top of which was a level field covered with flowers. The island was surrounded by a rapid current of water dashing over the rocks. The banks

of the current were thickly studded by tall, waving pines. I chose the

pleasant retreat on the top of the island as my place of prayer and supplication. I retired to it many times, both by day and by night, and offered

up my soul in prayer to the Lord. I never shall forget the happy hours

I spent alone in meditation and prayer upon that solitary island. When

sitting there alone, there would come to my mind the words of Robert

Pollok: "'In the wide desert where the view was large,

Pleasant were many scenes, but most to me

The solitude of vast extent untouched by hand

Whose nature sowed herself and reaped her crop;

Whose garments were the clouds; whose minstrels, brooks;

Whose lamps, the moon and stars; whose organ choir,

The voice of many waters; whose banquets,

The falling leaves; whose heroes, storms; whose warriors,

Mighty winds; whose lovers, flowers;

Whose orators, the thunderbolt of God;

Whose palaces, the everlasting hills;

Whose ceilings, heaven's unfathomable blue;

And from whose rocky turrets, battled high,

Prospects immense spread out on all sides in air,

Lost now between the welkin and the main,

Now walked with hills that slept above the storm.'

"The Lord blessed me with joy and happiness such as I had never before enjoyed, doubtless because I was living up to the best light I had. I

had no apostle or prophet to teach me the right way; so I had to do the

best I could. In my zeal to promote good, I got up prayer meetings in

our village, and prayed for light and knowledge. It was my desire to

receive the ordinances of the gospel, as I could plainly see by reading the

Bible that baptism by immersion was a sacred ordinance. In my eagerness, yet being ignorant of the holy priesthood and of the true authority

to officiate in the ordinances of eternal life, I requested the Baptist minister to baptize me. At first he refused because I told him I would not

join his church, as it did not harmonize with the apostolic church which our Savior established. Finally after several conversations, he baptized me

on the 5th of May, 1831. This was the first and only gospel ordinance I

sought for until I joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

Improvement era

Vol. XXV MARCH, 1922 No. 5

Prayer

Prepared by Bishop J. W. Condie by Appointment of the

Oneida Stake Presidency

That prayer has always been one of the fundamental principles of the religious life of every people can scarcely be questioned. There are very few pages of Holy Writ that do not

breathe of its sacred essence. It is implied and expressed in

such unquestionable terms, that even a superficial study of the

Scriptures should convince the most skeptical as to its importance in the evolution of human society. Yet there are many

of the socalled scholars of the day, who while they do not deny entirely the efficacy of prayer are inclined to regard it as of minor significance in shaping the destiny of a people or of an individual. Some even regard it as a practice that is out of

date and "old fashioned,"while those who are more liberal in their views consider its virtue as merely subjective. They may

admit that it is a good thing for the individual to have faith in prayer, because they say it gives him a steadiness of purpose, an aim in life, as well as producing a stimulating effect on his courage and self determination, which of themselves become a power for bringing about the desired end. In other words they

would argue that the only value served by prayer is the psychological effect it may have upon the individual.

But every now and then we hear of some of these learned men of materialistic bent of mind, who are confronted with such an array of evidence of Divine intercession that they are at a loss at times to know where to anchor their theories of life.

There is an incident known to have happened in England within the last few years, whereby a little girl, perhaps the only child of a wellto-do family, became very ill. At once the family

physician was summoned, but in spite of his efforts the child 386 IMPROVEMENT ERA

grew worse. The parents in dismay called other medical aid

the best that could be found, but to no avail or purpose. Weeks

passed by but each day found her growing weaker and more ill. Finally the doctors held a consultation and decided that

her case was so critical that she could not possibly live. AJ1

earthly help had now come to be of no avail. The parents with

hearts bowed down in grief knelt by the bedside of the dying child and poured out their soul in tears to their heavenly

Father. Here it was they solemnly promised to serve the Lord

to the end of their days if he would but spare the life of their little child. >A few simple words were uttered but they came

from two repentant souls in "sack cloth and in ashes."One of

the physicians stood near with head bowed in reverence, and when the "amen"was spoken he became a living witness to the fact that the little girl was beginning to show signs of returning life. In course of time she became entirely healed. The

attending physicians, while they had no explanation to offer, were obliged to admit that her recovery to health was not due to any human skill.

While we as Latterday Saints do not deny what this subjective motive for prayer is well worth while even though there were no other; yet we feel there are volumes of proof to substantiate the fact that there is an objective phase to the question quite as important, if not more so, as the former one

named.

At a meeting held in the Oneida stake some few years ago one of our apostles, who ranks high in the scientific world today, declared in reference to this subject that there is as real and tangible power emanating from prayer, when properly entered into, as is generated from an electric dynamo. That the

laws governing prayer are as natural as those which control the generating and distribution of electrical energy, and that some day we shall understand these laws as we now do the simplest ones of science. But the skeptic never fails to point out what

appears to him to be an inconsistency in the possibility of God's being able to keep in daily communication with individuals scattered over this vast earth's surface; or, if even this were possible, how one Supreme Being can administer to the personal

needs of each. While this does present questions that seem

inexplicable, yet there are countless truths of every day occurrence quite as marvelous and unanswerable as the ones regarding God's manner of dealing with his children. The pulsation

of the human heart; the action of the brain; the return of leaves

and blossoms to trees in springtime; the magnet's attraction for

certain metals at its positive poles, and its repulsion for the same objects at the negative end; the real meaning of gravity;

PRAYER 387

these and a thousand others too numerous to mention present questions equally incomprenhensible to the human mind. But

if we know that God lives and answers our petitions, why should we fail to place ourselves in line to receive his blessings simply because we can not understand just how he performs these apparent wonders? Yet we are not in utter ignorance as to the

hand dealing of God. When we consider the wonderful advancements made by weak mortal man along the line of scientific

discoveries and inventions it does not require any great flight of the imagination to conceive of what God's possibilities are; yet

both are obtaining results by the application of natural law.

The wireless telephone, the Edison phonograph, the motion picture, the use of radium in prolonging life, these and countless other discoveries of man reveal to him his possibilities of even duplicating, in a crude way, Godlike powers and attributes.

For any one today to deny the reality of man's ability to transmit the human voice through thousands of miles of unconnected space would be exposing his ignorance quite as much as the ungainly, overgrown, country youth, who, going to a circus for the first time in his life stood gazing at a longnecked giraffe for several minutes. Finally turning on his heels in disgust, feeling

that he had been duped, he was heard to exclaim, "There ain't no such animal."Fifty years ago the idea of such common

feats as flying across the Atlantic ocean, voyaging in a submarine, being entertained in our own parlors by the noted musical artists of the world merely by pressing the lever of a phonograph, would have been considered the dream of a madman only, or the wild imagination of Darius Green. Then does

it not appear that any person is in danger of exposing his lack of culture who undertakes to criticize too severely any principle of which he is ignorant?

Returning to the principles governing prayer, we may say that while they have not been revealed to man in their fulness, yet we are not left in doubt as to the operation of many of them.

In the first place the laws governing prayer are as immutable as those of chemistry, agriculture or any other science. That is

to say, response is only to be predicated by complying with the conditions of the problem. Just as the farmer reaps his harvest

as a result of following definite rules of planting and cultivation, so we obtain answers to prayer by complying with certain requests of our heavenly Father. For instance, we must

live every day of our lives in such manner that we are entitled to the companionship of his Holy Spirit, for without this we sever the connection by which we communicate with him.

"His Spirit will not always abide with man,"we are told only do we retain it by keeping his commandments. This prin388 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ciple is like the wireless telephone whose success of operation depends upon all associated instruments being kept in perfect harmony with each other. Any disturbing factor interrupts the

transmission of messages. So in prayer, man's soul must be kept

in tune with God's Spirit, by righteous living, if he would gain the desired end. This being complied with God is obligated;

he can not turn a deaf ear, for as was explained by the apostle referred to, there is a power emanating from prayer that the gates of heaven can not withstand. So every Latterday Saint

who so sets his house in order, has established such a perfect connection between his home and the throne of God that he will never fail to receive daily, hourly—yes, continuous—assistance from on High, and he will never be deserted, as were

the people of Judah and Jerusalem who, as recorded in Isaiah 1:15, received the following chastisement: "And when ye spread

forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye

make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of

blood."What a sad condition for people to be left in when,

through transgression, they are shut out from the presence of

God! How helpless we are without his assistance; how little we

can do except by his guiding hand. Some one has said that

not a human being in all the world can make even a blade of grass to grow. We can not produce a single head of wheat if

God should withhold his help. This beautiful green and prosperous world of ours would become as barren and desolate as

the Sahara desert, if God forgot us but for one season. Then

why should we be so neglectful of our prayers? Why should it

be necessary for an apostle of our Church to deliver a message from the Lord to the people of this stake that we were so neglectful of this sacred duty, that it had become displeasing in

God's sight?

God has made no promise to the unfaithful; they can claim

no blessings from him, so that if we have failed in this important duty unless we repent we must pay the penalty. On the

other hand the eternal riches promised to those who will love him and keep his commandments are more than worth every effort that it costs to obtain them. What can be more gratifying to griefstricken parents who sit by the bed side of a beautiful child stricken with disease, when during the awful stillness

of midnight they behold the features of death stamped upon the face of this child of their bosom? What comfort, I repeat,

what a load of care is lifted, when two humble elders of the

Church step upon the threshold of the doorway! They come

by way of invitation of the fond parents in obedience to the iniunction of the ancient Apostle James who said: "Is any

sick among you, let him call for the elders of the Church, and

PRAYER 389

let them pray over him, anointing him with oil, in the name of the Lord: And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and

the Lord shall raise him up."The child according to this

promise recovers, or may perchance die, but whatever the result, there comes to that family as a result of obedience to this commandment such a sweet, heavenly relief from anguish that convinces beyond all doubt that God does live and has heard their prayer. Then it is, like Abraham of old, that they are

ready to stake their all upon the altar of God. But the lamentable thing is that when health is again restored, and prosperity comes their way, they, too, soon forget to observe that

great commandment given by the Master in I Thessalonians 5:

17. "Pray without ceasing,"and Psalms 55:17, "Evening and

morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud, he shall hear my voice."If Christ himself found it necessary while on earth

to observe this principle, how much greater need have we to follow his example; and that he did make this a practice of his

life might be inferred from the following, Luke 6:12: "And it

came to pass, in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God."

Our duty in this regard is furthermore made known in the

Doctrine and Covenants Sec. 64:4.

Pray unto the Lord, call unon his holy name, make known his wonderful works among the people."

Again Sec. 61:3739 (speaking to Joseph Smith, Oliver

Cowdery and Sidney Rigdon and the same injunction applies to us all) "And inasmuch as you have humbled yourselves before me the blessing of the kingdom ij yours. Pray always that you enter not into temptation, that you may abide the <lay of his coming, whether in life or in death'

As proof of the seriousness of this neglect in the sight of the Lord, observe Sec. 68:33:

"And a commandment I give unto them, thai he that observes not his prayers before the Lord in the season thereof, let him be had in remembrance before the judge of my people."

Furthermore, our duty does not end by merely attending to this principle as parents, but we are instructed in the 68th Sec.

28 verse as follows:

"And they sliall also teach their children to pray and to walk uprightly before the Lord."

Many of our hymns point out very poetically but none the less specifically this obligation to our heavenly Father, as in the following:

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Ere you left your room this morning,

Did you think to pray?

In the name of Christ our Savior,

Did you sue for loving favor, As a shield today?"

"Prayer is the soul's sincere desire,

Unuttered or expressed, The motion of a hidden fire That trembles in the breast."

"How the Lord will provide From the storehouse in Heaven,

We know not alway, Yet to him will we pray:

For we're never denied, When in poverty driven We ask of our Father, The Lord will provide."

"Sweet hour of prayer! Sweet hour of prayer

That calls me from a world of care,

And bids me at my Father's throne

Make all my wants and wishes known:

In seasons of distress and grief.

My soul has often found relief,

And oft escaped the tempter'snare

By thy return, sweet hour of prayer."

There are other principles upon which the efficacy of prayer depend; for example Luke 11:8 reads: "Ask and it shall

be given you, seek and ye shall find,"but the law also states:

"Let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth

is like the waves of the sea, driven with the wind and tossed."

Again, Matthew 21:22: "And all things whatsoever ye shall ask

in prayer, believing, ye shall receive."From these passages of

scripture we are to infer that man must be sincere in what he asks for, and have faith that his prayers will be answered, and work to that end, otherwise they are of little consequence. Nor is the prayer that is learned

and repeated by rote of much virtue. Although Jesus,

when asked by his disciples to teach them to pray, gave a simple pattern as a guide, yet he did not expect this to be repeated parrotlike on all occasions. One can not be sincere in following any set form of petition day after day. Unless there is

conscientious thought involved in what we ask of the Father, our prayers become as insincere as that of a certain man who, so the story goes, became so accustomed to asking for the same thing in the same monotonous way, day after day, that finally he decided as time became more pressing to have his prayer printed and hung upon the wall of his room. As each morning

and evening arrived, instead of bowing down in the attitude

PRAYER 391

of prayer he simply pointed to his printed card and said, "Lord, these are my sentiments."Let us beware of falling into such a

rut; for, as pointed out by Elder Talmage, at our recent conference, this is nol praying it is simply, "saying prayers."

Another error we are likely to drift into, especially in public prayer is in the repetition of words and phrases not our own which mean little to us because they have been acquired from someone else and are used for rhetorical effect only. They are

of the type that Jesus warned his apostles against using when lile said, "But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do, for they think they shall be heard for their much speaking."(Matthew 6:7.) In other words, God has made it

plain to us that he does not care to listen to our petitions clothed in the splendor and glitter of high sounding terms and phrases, but prefers our simple, everyday language such as the following: "Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy

name."While there are many types of prayer, such as secret prayer, family prayer, public prayer, blessing on the Sacrament and administration to the sick, the first two mentioned should concern us most at this time. Secret prayer is perhaps the most

important of all in that it furnishes man an opportunity to "pour out his soul"in confidence to his Maker. Here in humility he communes with God in a heartto-heart talk where

he knows mercy and charity will be extended for all his weaknesses. That this should have a place in every person's daily

program may be inferred from Matthew 6:6, "When thou

prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father

which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly."What comfort this is to a heart bowed down in grief to know that there

is a solace to be found for every earthly ill! How beautifully

this truth is made known in the hymn:

"When sailing o'er life's stormy sea, '

Mid billows of despair, 'Tis solace to my soul to know

God hears my secret prayer."

As to the family prayer, this should come as a part of the daily worship. It is suggested that before bowing down in the

family circle a passage of scripture might be read or a hymn sung. This will have a tendency to create a proper atmosphere

for the sacred ordinance that is to follow. It will also be the

is to be asked. Likemeans of concentrating thought upon what

other forms of prayer, it ought not to be long and tiresome for younger members of the family to follow; it should breathe a

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

spirit of thanksgiving and praise to our Father for all blessings, both spiritual and temporal, which we are privileged to enjoy. In the same simple language as used by our Savior, in

the Lord's prayer, we may ask for our daily needs. To be sure,

it is not out of place to petition for material blessings; as for

food and raiment, for success in business, and the reasonable comforts of life. Like a kind and indulgent father, the Lord

is always pleased to grant us those things which will contribute to our happiness and well being, if only in return we will show our appreciation by remaining humble and keeping his commadments.

In conclusion let it be said that God is no respecter of persons, that while he has promised to show mercy unto those that love and keep his commandments, yet will he deal justly by all.

The scriptures are filled with injunctions pointing out man's duty in regard to prayer, so that no Christian is left with any excuse for neglect in this known duty. That it is not inconsistent with natural law for God to hear and answer personal prayers has been pointed out and that there is evidence

in support of this may be verified by myriads of living testimonies, as well as instances from holy Writ. Then let us so

order our lives in this stake that whatsoever trials we may be called to bear, we may go before the Lord with a clear conscience and ask for his divine assistance.

Preston, Idaho

Through the Years

The days reach out before me, filled with problems to be) solved*

With possibilities as yet unknown.

Each hour like a golden stair unto my mind appears,

On which to mount to heights where there are shown

Those beacon lights that beckon mankind onward through the years.

No need have I of ermine robes to clothe me for the way,

No need of priceless gems to deck my brow;

The courage born of purpose my heritage must be,

The strength of zeal to bridge each where and how.

The hours are mine, the hours are thine, Godship our destiny.

Or we may be like beastial things in mire of the earth,

Content to eat and sleep the time away;

The choice is thine, the choice is mine, divinity's bequest,

But each in turn, in full his debt must pay,

The privilege ours to upward climb, a curse the sluggard's rest.

Provo, Utah Grace Ingles Frost

President Heber J. Grant and a company leaving the Brigham Young

University building, "Leadership Week,"Wednesday, January 25, after the general session.

A Laboratory for Leadership

By Lowry Nelson

"I like to think of the Brigham Young University as a laboratory for leadership,"said Superintendent Adam S. Bennion before the vast body of Church, social, and educational

leaders, assembled at the leading Church educational institution during the week January 23 to 27. The occasion was the

Friday assembly of Leadership Week, a week devoted by the authorities of the B. Y. U. to the giving of a series of short

courses designed to train and stimulate leaders for the various activities in the Church.

Fully 3,500 people, in addition to the 900 regular students of the institution received instruction in one or more of the twentythree different departments that were conducted daily throughout the week. There were fortythree different stakes

represented by those who registered. Since all of those who

came did not register, it is possible that this number might actually be larger.

A LABORATORY FOR LEADERSHIP 395

The stakes represented were: Utah, Nebo, Alpine, Wasatch,

the four Salt Lake City stakes, North Sanpete, South Sanpete,

South Sevier, Juab, South Davis, North Davis, Box* Elder, Blackfoot, Curlew, Jordan, Fremont, Parowan, Carbon, Lost River,

Garfield, Deseret, Millard, Beaver, St. George, San Juan, St.

Johns, Duchesne, Shelley, Franklin, Uintah, Weber, Juarez,

Taylor, Blaine, Summit, Tooele, Woodruff, Northwestern mission.

The average daily attendance was as follows: from 9 to 10

a. m., 800; from 10 to 11, 1,495; from 11 to 12, 1,640. The

largest attendance during the week was on Friday, when the attendance during the third hour ran to 2,003. The general assembly at 1:30 each day crowded the College Hall beyond its

capacity, and on Wednesday and Friday overflow meetings were held in the library. Even then, on these days, many people

were unable to get into the meetings. These facts are given to

indicate the interest that people are taking in the work.

While the inevitable result of the convention was inspiration, a conscious effort was made by those in charge of the programs, to supply, first of all, information. Real meat and

drink for those "hungered and athirst"was offered at the intellectual banquet board. In addition to the regular faculty of

the University, there were over fifty special lecturers engaged during the week, comprising many of the leaders in the religious, social and educational thought of the state.

Included in this group were President Heber J. Grant, President Anthony W. Ivins, nine of the members of the council of the

Twelve apostles, two presidents of seventies; the two counselors

of the presiding bishop; the Church school commission and

superintendent, members of general boards of the various auxiliary organizations; also the following educators in the state:

Professor Henry Peterson of the Utah Agricultural College, Dr.

E. E. Erickson and Professor Leroy Cowles of the University of

Utah, President Guy C. Wilson of the Latterday Saints University, State Superintendent G. N. Child, and a number of district school superintendents and others.

Original Students Present The week was unique in that it brought together again in actual school work many exstudents and alumni of the Brigham

Young University and other schools. Four of the original class

in the Brigham Young Academy were present the first day.

They were, Dr. James E. Talmage, Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall, Joseph

B. Keeler, of Provo, and S. D. Moore, of Payson. All met and

recalled after fortysix years, those memorable days when they

A LABORATORY FOR LEADERSHIP 397

all came thirsting up to quaff the waters of this new fountain of knowledge.

Boy Scouts Encampment Boy Scout leaders came from various portions of the state and were provided cots and blankets free by the institution in the Maeser Memorial building. About fifty scoutmasters, assistants, and patrol leaders, were in regular attendance at the

meetings and hikes during the week. Nature hikes were participated in daily, and were led by botanists, geologists and other

naturalists. A "Good Turn Box"wa3 installed in the hall and

each scout leader was asked to drop an unsigned slip in it daily describing some good turn he had done during the day.

The one doing the best good turn was awarded an orange ribbon. In addition, there was a prize offered by Scout Executive

Oscar A. Kirkham for the best scout song composed during the

week. This prize, as well as one offered by the Daily Leader,

was won by Mr. Claud C. Cornwall. The words to the song are

as follows:

The Scout Patrol (Tune: Peggy CTNeil)

If vou want a group worth while,

That's the Y Patrol.

If you want a real scout smile,

Watch the Y Patrol.

Doing things with precision and snap,

Put the scout program square on the map;

Growing in fellowship, training for leadership;

That's the Y Patrol.

As originally composed the word "Iceberg"was used instead of "Y,"to commemorate the first night the men spent in the Maeser building; when the steam was turned off on them.

Subsequent nights the fireman was on the job all night.

"The Daily Leader9 'One of the interesting features of the convention for the visitors as well as for the local students and faculty, was the institution of the Daily Leader, a fourpage mimeographed "pheet"published by the General Committee and distributed each morning. In announcing the policy of the Daily Leader,

the "editorial staff"saw fit to remark in the first issue:

We pledge its columns to he free from scandal, love stories, and stale jokes. It will be devoted to the recording of the daily temperature and

temperament of Leadership Week. And say, folks, if you see anything you

want around here, help yourselves; except the chairs, leave them. We

need 'em.

A regular feature of this new "daily"was the observations

A LABORATORY FOR LEADERSHIP 399

of "Rube Harrison"(Professor H. R. Merrill). Interesting bits

of news of the day and the daily program were also published.

Social Leadership Work Popular

The work in social dancing, games, folk dancing, etc., conducted during three periods daily, was one of the most interesting features of the convention. That large groups could

be successfully organized in play was demonstrated when between 350 and 400 people actually participated in play from 4 to 5 p. m. daily. The social dancing class was also large and

some very valuable work was done in that department. Then the

social hour for everyone, at 5 o'clock each day, gave the entire group the recreation they needed and made them better acquainted with one another as the days passed. Three days

during the week Professor Sauer's band furnished the music for the dancers.

Music and Art Much in Evidence

Other things that were very much enjoyed by the people were the excellent music furnished by the music department, under Professor Jepperson, at the daily general assembly, and the art exhibits that graced the halls of the University. The

exhibit of John Hafen's pictures was especially enjoyed by many of the visitors. Other exhibits included one of Samuel Jepperson, prominent Provo artist, and the group of paintings by

artists in Church schools.

Presidents Grant and Ivins Attend

Hundreds of people flocked to hear the address of President Heber J. Grant on Wednesday. This address: "The Fruits

soulinspiring, and many remarked thatof 'Mormonism'"—was

it was one of the finest that they had heard the President give.

He was at his best, it seemed, and held the vast audience spellbound for over an hour, relating faithpromoting experiences that had transpired in his eventful life. President Ivins addressed the Missionary and Genealogical sections during the

morning.

"Deacons in Myriads"The Daily Leader accused President T. N. Taylor of using

Church influence in getting the priesthood well represented and also asserted that there was something prophetic about his initials, T. N. T. "His simple word,"the Leader continued,

"brought the deacons in myriads and the elders in hordes.

Seven hundred fourteen attended the two priesthood sections

A LABORATORY FOR LEADERSHIP 401 on Tuesday."A large audience of Priests were instructed by

Bishop David A. Smith on Thursday morning.

Practical Needs Not Ignored While there was greater stress placed upon the training for leadership in Church activities, the every day needs of other people, not included in these classes, were given attention. For

example, there was held a section for business men and one for homemakers. In the former section the lecturers included

Stephen L. Richards, W. W. Armstrong, and F. C. Adams.

The homemaking sections were very popular, and some excellent work was accomplished. In addition to the general lectures which were given from 11 to 12 daily, laboratory demonstrations were conducted daily in the following divisions: millinery, quantity cookery, clothing problems, and two lectures

were given on art in the home. In the section in millinery, ten

hats were made by the women, under the direction of the instructor.

Evenings Well Provided For Each evening of the week was given over to some activity at which the members of the convention were admitted free. The first night was a getacquainted party; Tuesday night

the students entertained; Wednesday night the college play,

"Clarence"was presented; Thursday night the music department gave a recital, and Friday night a series of hymn illustrations were presented by the class in pageantry.

A Need Fulfilled That such an event as Leadership Week fills a need in the life of Utah was eloquently evidenced by the overwhelming response given this year. As Superintendent Adam S. Bennion

remarked, "It points the way to possibilities of which this is only the foreshadowing."

President F. S. Harris, in summing up the situation, has

this to say:

Leadership Week stands out most prominently, not so much for what it was, but for the possibilities for greater service to mankind in the future which it suggests. It will become an annual event at the Brigham Young

University, and the subject matter will be so arranged that the same people may return year after year and find a perennial freshness of information and inspiration. The response this year greatly exceeded our expectations,

and has impressed us with the particular responsibility and the possibilities which the occasion carried with it.

Progress of State Schools

By Mosiah Hall, Professor of Education, University of Utah

Utah believes in education. This belief is manifested in

both faith and works. From the beginning two ideals have

dominated the current of progress in the state:

"Without vision the people perish"and "The glory of God is intelligence."

Scarcely had the pioneers wrested from the parched soil the bare necessities of life when their thoughts turned to education. The University of Deseret, now the University of Utah,

was founded in 1850, three years after the valley was settled.

Before this date elementary schools had been conducted in tents, log cabins, or other temporary quarters. The first substantial buildings erected were school houses which at the same

time were meetinghouses or community centres. From that

time until the present, education has kept pace with the spiritual and economic development of the state, and today the school system of Utah, according to the Russell Sage Foundation ranks seventh among state school systems of the union.

Progress During the Past Decade

High Schools. During the past decade, educational progress has been particularly rapid. In 1911 state aid for the encouragement of high schools was provided, and at the same time

the state board of education set up definite standards to guide the schools in their development. Since then high school facilities have been afforded in practically every county in the

state, more than 40 splendidly equipped high school buildings have been erected, and the enrollment has increased from 4,009 in 1910 to 16,184 in 1920. Best of all, among the young people

of the state, the habit of attending high school is becoming fixed, and compulsory measures are now scarcely necessary. The

belief is current that a high school education is the birthright of every American boy and girl. If certain authorities are right

in maintaining that a high school education adds more than 100% to the efficiency of its possessor, then Utah is doubly blessed in thus securing a higher quality of citizenship and at the same time augmenting materially her prospective wealth.

Consolidation. In 1915 the legislature completed the consolidation of the rural schools, making with the five city systems, a total of only 40 school districts or units in the state.

Undoubtedly this was the biggest piece of school legislation ever enacted by the state. It gave to the schools an efficient orPROGRESS OF STATE SCHOOLS 403

ganization, equalized school advantages and burdens within the respective districts, and made possible a wise administration of school affairs. Progress under consolidation has been remarkable. The census of 1920 credits Utah with the largest per

capita enrollment, between the ages of 5 and 20, of any state in the union. No other state has so complete a system of consolidation, and in this respect, Utah is the model for other states

to emulate.

Providing $25 per capita. Consolidation, however, was only

the first step necessary to the making of an effective state system of schools. It is an accepted axiom, that a cheap school is

a poor school. Within reasonable limits, it is equally evident that any school unit tends to become as good as the amount

put into it is large. It is necessary, therefore, to have behind

each child a sufficient, definite school fund. In this respect

it was found among the various units that almost fatal inequalities existed. A local tax of 5 mills in a certain district, yielded

only $6.90 per capita of the school population, while the same

levy in another district gave $57.10 per capita. This disparity

is due to the fact that the latter district has a large per capita amount of wealth while the former is comparatively poor. Such

inequalities made it imperative that something be done to help equalize school revenues. Consequently in 1921 the legislature

put into effect a constitutional amendment providing for a state fund of $25.00 per capita of the school population to be

distributed to the various districts. This measure is eminently

just. It recognizes the principle that the wealth of the state

should bear a just proportion of the expenses needed to educate the children of the state. Most of the states in the union

are endeavoring to provide a state fund, covering approximately onehalf of the expenses of maintaining their schools, the remainder to come from local taxes and federal aid. There are

other states which exceed Utah in the amount of state funds provided. California provides a state fund of $30.00 per capita

for her elementary school population and $60.00 per capita for

those of high school age.

A comprehensive program. The schools of the state offer a

comprehensive program of education. The child with his capacities and possibilities is regarded as the centre of educational

effort. His needs as a developing personality and as a prospective citizen of the commonwealth form the basis for the

selection of subjectmatter and a guide to school method and government. Borrowing from the language of the boy scouts,

the purpose is to make every child, so far as his nature will permit: physically fit; mentally alert; morally straight; vocationally skilled; esthetically inclined, and spiritually alive.

404 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In this farreaching endeavor, the schools rely upon the cooperation of the home, the church, and the community. In

the final analysis, the purpose of all these institutions is the same. Like education they aim to promote complete living

and so add to the happiness of existence.

Among the objectives enumerated above it is recognized that spiritual or ideal values are fundamental. The home and

the church, however, are primarily responsible for the development of spirituality, it cannot be taught directly by the schools, but it does come as a byproduct of school effort and discipline.

Health Education. Consequently, health education is regarded as the first direct essential of school activity. The reis so prolationship of spirit and body is so intimate—one

is neededfoundly influenced by the other—that no argument

to justify the placing of health education first in the curriculum. Moreover, the lessons of the worldwar are yet fresh in

memory. Onethird of the young men examined for the draft

were unfit for military service because of physical defects which for the most part could have been remedied in childhood. For

every soldier killed abroad, eleven children under five years of age died at home largely from preventable causes. The plague

of influenza, engendered by the war, caused the death of 500,000 people in the U. S., about ten times as many as were killed in

the war. Facts such as these cry aloud for a more efficient system of health education in the schools of the country. They

justify the effort Utah is putting in this direction, and occasion a feeling of pride in the fact that her health program i3 unexcelled by that of any other state.

Other Essentials. Other essentials of education receive due

emphasis. The teaching and practice of civics go hand in hand.

Everywhere children are assisting as never before to care for school buildings and grounds—broken windows and marred

school houses are almost a thing of the past. From this attention to school property, they are led naturally to protect

public property, to take pride in the appearance of their respective towns and to particiate in community affairs. A generation of such teaching will banish the fear of Bolshevism

from the land.

Music and art, and an appreciation of the finer values of life, receive marked attention. The development of esthetic

sentiments is more essential now than ever. They serve as a

guide to the wise employment of leisure time, besides adding to the beauty and joy of life itself.

Vocational instruction and practice, particularly in the rural high schools, occupy a large place in the curriculum. The

fact is recognized that a majority of people must engage in

PROGRESS OF STATE SCHOOLS 405

agricultural and industrial pursuits. From onefourth to onehalf of the time of students in the rural schools is devoted to

this practical work. Splendid facilities are offered by the

various high schools in the matter of shops, laboratories, and domestic science equipment. That these activities justify themselves in an economic sense cannot be doubted. Federal vocational agent, Mr. H. M. Skidmore, in a recent visit, declared, as

reported in the press, that for every dollar used for summer supervision the state received $1.92 in return; that the federal

department estimated that for every dollar spent for vocational education, the nation is receiving fully $12.00 in the value of

added production.

While these newer activities are making rapid progress, attention to the "tools of thought"is by no means neglected. Children in the grades "read, write, and cipher"better than ever

before, and in other essential subjects they are making satisfactory progress. Moreover, school is so attractive to the children

that the question of discipline is no longer a torment to teachers, and corporal punishment is practically abandoned.

The new law on Americanization is justifying itself. Aliens

who cannot read or write are required to pay a fee of $10.00

which is utilized for their instruction. The state itself is not

obligated to spend a dollar for this purpose. Classes have been

started in Salt Lake, Ogden, Jordan, Granite, Box Elder, Tintic,

Wasatch, Weber, Park City, Murray, Emery, Millard and Beaver.

While progress is necessarily slow, yet it is encouraging. This

splendid experiment is being watched by other states with great interest. The effort deserves to succeed, it should be given a

chance. Thus far it has not received the public support that its

importance merits.

The School Program Challenged. The voice of reaction is

heard in the land. The educational program of the state is

challenged. The world war with its demoralizing aftereffects

is responsible for this condition. Men are suspicious of things

which they once viewed with confidence; they have lost

faith in much that was formerly regarded as sacred. Education, in common with other institutions of society, is subjected

to this withering influence. It is said that Utah has gone. educationally mad; that her schools are shot through with irrelevant matter; that she cannot afford to keep up with the educational procession. It is to be hoped that this lack of faith is

temporary and that with the return of financial stability, a clarity of vision will ensue.

No Backward Step Possible. Utah cannot afford to take a

backward step. To tear down is easy, to build up difficult.

Nothing could justify a serious lowering of school efficiency.

406 IMPROVEMENT ERA

To take a backward step would be calamitous. Let the irrelevant matter, if it exists, be eliminated. Let those who believe

that Utah should yield her leadership in education and drag along at the tail end of progress give mighty reasons to justify this pessimism. When a people lose their faith and pride they

lose also the possibility of salvation.

"Without vision the people perish."The citizens of the

state have deliberately put this educational program into effect.

They were not coerced into it. It is the logical result of the

natural outgrowth of theirspiritual vision of the pioneers—a

faith and works. To say that this magnificent achievement is

madness is to challenge the entire history and development of the state. Utah may be trusted to keep the faith.

Roots By Professor C. Y. Cannon, Department of Agriculture,

Brigham Young University Not long ago while watching some men at work digging a large hole in which to build a cistern, I noticed a long alfalfa root that had worked its way into a large rock and had grown to such proportions that it had burst the rock into pieces. I

picked up the various fragments, as they were loosened, and examined them. I discovered that the rock had originally been

solid, except for one small flaw. It was into this flaw that the

tip of the root had first found its way. Once there, the substances thrown off by the growing organism caused much decay

in the crevice; thus the work of destruction went on.

The course taken by the root, after having broken this one rock, was downward for a short distance, until it found another one in its path. This time the root did not pierce and

fracture the stone as it had done the first one, but turned in its course and went out around and down its side. This stone,

flaws whatupon examination, showed absolute solidity—no

ever.

As the alfalfa root entered the rock, so may the root of evil enter even the smallest flaws of our characters. Once it

finds an opportunity it forces its way in, throwing off its disintegrating material, and eventually, by its enlargement, it shatters our very lives. On the other hand, the character without

flaw turns from its course the evil whose way is downward, and remains unaffected by its contanimating touch. Jesus said to

his disciples, "Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation."So must we to keep ourselves sound and solid, impervious

to the clinging tentacles of the root of evil.

Provo, Utah A Thrilling Experience and a Testimony

By M. Vernon Coombs, President of the Tongan Mission

We were set apart for our mission to Tonga by Presidents Lund and Penrose, Brother Penrose being mouth. Among

the beautiful blessings pronounced upon our head, the two following were impressed indelibly upon my mind. Speaking to

Sister Coombs he said, "You shall accompany your husband on his mission, and return in safety, bringing your sheaves with you."To me he promised, "You shall go in safety on land and by sea."These two promises are indeed remarkable when considered in the light of subsequent events. We left for our field

of labor with two small sons; by the time we had been here

two months we had been blessed by the arrival of a fine baby girl. Three fine "sheaves"and Sister Coombs had been promised that she would return to Zion with them in safety. We

Were thoroughly enjoying Elder David O. McKay's visit and had

held a very successful conference in Togatabu, many of the

Saints having come from the Haapai and distant Vavau conferences that they might shake by the hand and associate with an apostle of the Lord. In justice to the many faithful Saints

of these two northern conferences, and to give Brother McKay an opportunity to see the whole of our mission, it was decided that we visit them during the few days remaining before the arrival of the steamer which would carry Brother McKay away from us. Sister Coombs decided to accompany us on this trip

with the three small children L'Monte, aged three and onehalf years; Melburn, aged two years, and Vemetta not yet weaned.

The Haapai Saints had, a few days before, returned in their own boat to Haapai. The Vavau Saints waited to go north with us.

Elder May was able to charter a small two mast vessel, the

Tararawa of only 35 tons on which ninety of us crowded and set sail one afternoon at four o'clock. The vessel boasted of no

passenger accommodation at all. The cargo of flour, in the

hold, with our trunks and boxes, had been piled against the sides of the hold and many of the women with small children occupied the space below thus provided. One woman, Sister

Maeli Wolfgramme was there with her little threemonths-old baby. The rest of us squatted on the dirty, greasy decks as best

we might. The Captain had given his berth in the cabin tp

408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sister Coombs while the half cast mate had left his berth for any one who wanted it. Besides these two officers the crew

consisted of four Fijians.

The sails were all set, and we were looking forward to an interesting voyage, for this was the first time that gome of our elders, with Brother McKay and Sister Coombs, had experienced a voyage at sea in a sailing vessel. At first we had a pleasant

wind and all were in the best spirits. Everything went along

splendidly until dusk. We had cleared the dangers as well as

the protection afforded of the outer reefs and were out on the open sea. Without warning, a heavy wind came up which made

the boat behave in such a fashion that we elders, and many of the natives, were suddenly reminded that the rail was a pretty good friend upon which to lean in case of an emergency.

Even Brother McKay, experienced sailor that he now is, was glad to avail himself of the mate's unoccupied berth. Sister

Coombs had likewise gone below leaving the three little tots entirely in the care of the natives. I was even content to stay

near to the rail with the heavy seas washing over me, for I knew from past experiences how my stomach would act when upset by a rough sea. Neither of us was able to look after those

helpless babies.

If we were ever grateful for friends, we were then. A few

of the natives who were better sailors than the rest, cared for those children during the terrors of three long nights and two seemingly endless days that will never be forgotten. The tiny

craft, rocked, leapt, careened and rolled from side to side in a manner that beggars all description, while wave after wave broke on the deck causing the cans of kerosene to bang and float about creating a horrid din. The wind howled in the rigging

like a maniac straining at the bands with which he was bound.

At irregular intervals a flash of lightning would make the scene more vivid. We were wet, time and time again, by the heavy

seas which came thundering over the rails, and all the time we were clinging on for dear life, for to have been washed overboard would have been the last. The captain was drinking

heavily and but for the heroic vigil kept by Elder McKay he would have completely incapacitated himself. The helm was

lashed down and the boat was left with no one to guide her and to drift as best she might for the night. There was more than

one prayer for safety offered during the course of that night.

My consolation and assurance lay in the promise of President

Penrose. He was acting in his official capacity when those

blessings were pronounced upon our heads, and I knew that they would be fulfilled to the very letter.

During the night the only life boat was washed loose and

A THRILLING EXPERIENCE 409

hit with a sickening thud on the leg of a poor old sister who as ai result has lain in the hospital for eight weeks. The vessel went

on her very side and the luggage and boxes and sacks of flour came down in an avalanche on those poor women and children in the hold, but fortunately no one was hurt. Our three children were in there. Two of the elders, Brothers F. L. Clark

and C. A. Oborn, of Ogden, were all but washed overboard, and

but for their becoming entangled in the rigging would not have been with us at the end of that voyage. At regular intervals

little Vernetta was taken to her mother to be fed, and in so doing both she and the native who carried her ran chances of being washed away, for we could not move about but had to hold fast to something solid to avoid just such an accident. One

girl, Jiene found protection for herself and Melbourn in the cook's gaily, a small shanty situated on the forward deck from which location not even the expostulations of the Fijian cook could oust her.

As the wind continued to increase in force, the half drunken captain came on deck to see if he could not do something to mitigate our danger from being swamped. All sails were taken

in but the main sail and this was made as small as possible by reefing, for the rudder had split, and too much strain might render it completely useless. The wind was now so strong that

the captain was afraid to change the course of the boat by tacking lest when the sail was changed to the opposite side, the vessel be swamped or the mast snapped off by the force of the wind. One of the good Saints, Lui Wolfgramme, then took the

helm and stayed with it all day and piloted us through the intricate passages of the Haapai reefs. That morning we saw in

the distance a small boat, the Malolo with all sails down, drifting helplessly. We learned afterward that her crew had given

up hope and after taking down the sails had thrown out two anchors before going below the deck in the desperate hope that one or both of them might catch on to something and thus save the little raft from drifting on to the treacherous reef. It was

indeed a relief that evening to land at Haapai at 8 o'clock after twentyeight hours of such experiences.

The next day at 2 p. m., not daunted in the least because

of the experiences still fresh in mind, and not yet recovered from the sea sickness, we again boarded the Tararawa, her rudder having been repaired, and we set out for Vavau. Again, at

dusk the wind increased with renewed violence. Last night it

howled through the rigging, tonight it fairly shrieked, as it wrestled with the shrouds. The captain afterwards informed

me that it was the roughest voyage he had undertaken for three

410 IMPROVEMENT ERA years. We had expected to sight Vavau that evening, but due

to the heavy mists and because the captain was unacquainted with the passages we kept too far to the west. In his efforts to

avoid the Vavau reefs he missed Vavau altogether, so that when night came we were lost. Again another terrible night of aimless, helpless drifting about on an angry sea! In spite of the

ELDER DAVID O. McKAY AND ELDERS OF THE

TONGAN MISSION Front row: George W. Robinson, Clarence Henderson, Walter J. Phillips, Reuben Clark, Lewis B. Parkin; center: Clermont A. Oborn, president of Haapai Con-; Francis L. Clark, retiring president of Haapai Con.,

Mission President M. Vernon Coombs, Elder David O. McKays Sister La

Vera Coombs, S. Ibey May, retiring president of Vavau Con., Reuben M.

Wiberg, president of Vavau Con.; standing. Harvey G. Sorenson, Emil C.

Dunn, presdent of Togatabu Con.; Reuben L. Hansen.

loyal protection rendered our babies by those loyal native

Saints, Melbourn and D'Monte were drenched by the huge salty seas which bombarded our tiny craft all night. We were unable to find our trunks and their clothing so that they had to

remain in their wet clothes wrapped in blankets and native gatu they didn't even catch a cold. The captain was again under

the influence of liquor so that when the morning dawned we were way over by the island of Late, and fifty miles off our proper course. After a great amount of tacking and zigzagging

A THRILLING EXPERIENCE 411

against a heavy head wind we were able to make the harbor and with thankful hearts dragged ourselves ashore at 3 p. m.,

Sunday. We had been three days and two nights on the sea,

and it was the worst passage that the captain had experienced in three years of continuous sailing of the South Seas. Even the

residents of the islands, when they heard that we had weathered that rough passage all safe, sighed in relief.

Truly, President Penrose must have been prompted by the

Spirit of God when he pronounced those two blessings upon

Sister Coombs and me. Then, too, Elder McKay was aboard that

vessel as a special envoy of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, to visit the nations of the world in the interests of the Church of Christ. Verily yes, the Lord will protect his

faithful servants in the performance of their duties.

Nukualofa, Tonga

Our Tree

So this is our tree, our woodland tree,

A fond remembrance to you and me

Of the happy days we lingered here

Among the scenes we love so dear!

As it stands up here in the mountain grove,

Offering its shade to all who rove,

Symbolic of ours, it seems to me,

Is the life of this our Aspen tree.

Yes, here it stands when the winter's blast

Is fierce and cold and the snow falls fast,

Or the summer sun shines warm and free

O'er this leafy dell and our Aspen tree.

So, carefully note this woodland tree!

Ah, isn't it much like you and me;

A few dead branches here and there,

But alive at the top and growing fair?

Then may the future for you and me

Resemble the life of our Aspen tree;

May we bravely meet the toil and strife

That come with the changing scenes of life.

Then a few dead branches, like our tree,

Will matter little to you and me,

If we meet with a smile our daily care.

Keep alive at the top, and growing there.

Provo, Utah Samuel Biddulph g

The Lord Sustains the Falt'ring Soul

Words by Edward H. Anderson Music by Evan Stephens.

Tenderly. 42—pa S*=-SiIpiil S* y V y—

1. The Lord sustains the falt'ring soul, He answers those who

2. He leads us from the evil path That charms the stubborn

-l-r-l-

*= F=T. -r->- -N—i<=g: -gu—la m IS

call; The ten - der mercies of His care Are

will, And by the whisp'rings of His voice Re-

I - 4 1—tr-A --=--3—-iJ

-—t:

=t FT:—lr fr? <5-—3 *—2—* -F e m

o - ver one and all. Are o - ver one and all.

mains our guardian still. Re - mains our guardian still.

i -H F*—*———M p-v—*—J * V I—r—4-Z2-—

Dim. * FpT=g—-.J|t====P=-p—f-ff: fcfc=|:

HeI chastens with His loving hand To strengthen in the

Then praise His high and holy name In every land and -MV--I- fctr- E 1 F*-t=fc 3—5—

THE LORD SUSTAINS THE FALT'RING SOUL 413

struggle with the load,, us to sing His love.

right, But in our strug gle with the load, He makes the tongue, And join with us to sing His love While yet your

-- ifEfEEEEEf 1 Wt- -&r*- nrfmbur - den light. He makes the bur - den light,

years are young. While yet your years are young.

giifiiiiiiigii

A Hymn of Confidence

Broad as the blue expanse above

Is his dear love, my Savior's love,

Deep as his heart's great sympathy

Is his dear love that pleads for me.

I am assured through faith and hope,

With all temptations I may cope,

To rise o'er ills of time and place

Uplifted by his love and grace.

Whene'er my wayward footsteps stray,

I may regain his narrow way;

Repent again, forsake my pride,

And in my Savior's love confide.

So let me trust, in sweet accord,

As a coworker with my Lord:

His Spirit will suffice for me,

That where he is, there I may be.

Albuquerque, N. M. Joseph Longking Totvnsend

My Personal Devil

By Eva Navone

I like to remember the buzz that went through the old office at home when it became known that I, Darrell Williams, was being sent to the Pacific Coast as manager of the new plant.

It was the first glory I had ever had.

My promotion was so unexpected that I suppose it turned my head. My starveling soul dared to crawl up and look out of

years in themy eyes. At last I was somebody—after twenty

service of the company. I suppose it is a strange fancy, but I

have never been able to get over the idea that when my soul ascended from its twentyyear-old prison, the dark cavern where it had languished had been too long filled for nature to endure a vacuum, and the devil was not long in slipping in. How else

can I account for the surprising things I did? He urged me to

be even with the world.

I picked out honest, ambitious young men to work for me.

I selected pretty girls, all of them young. Kathleen Riley I had

to keep; she had served some years while a small office was our

sole representation in the West. She had done her work well,

and I could not dismiss her, though I should have preferred to.

She was not beautiful, she was not young, she knew too much, she looked at me in a way that made me squirm. How could the

scratching devil within me expect to hide from such eyes?

My office force—every one energetic, young, anxious to get

their heads up andahead—I changed from employees who held

were proud of their house, to sneaking, clockwatching wageslaves. All my life no one had expected more of me than that

I should slide through my work with the smallest possible margin; and now, so long as my management passed muster,

why should I concern myself about the added efficiency my clerks'goodwill would have brought to the business? Such

profit would never come into my pocket.

Miss Riley I could not change. She stuck to her work as

conscientiously as before. At first she tried to make things

pleasant for me; something of the hospitality of the California

pioneer must have come down to her, and she had the instinct of the West to welcome the East with kindly hands.

But gradually I began to feel that she had a scorn for me which disdained words. She was the one fly in my ointment,

MY PERSONAL DEVIL 415

and I did everything I could to humiliate her. I found fault

with her work; I pounced on every trifling mistake as a flagrant

attempt at dishonesty. It was then that she began to fight me,

and her weapon was—a laugh.

Confidential matters and heavy responsibilities had been left to her before I came along, and I knew that it hurt her to feel hat she was no longer trusted. I thought to break her

through her woman's nerves, and I did succeed in staggering her so that her work became less reliable. I saw her flush, but she

still laughed at me. Once she sighed, and said that Easterners

were sometimes a plague which must be endured.

The girls were as handsome a lot as you could get together.

I had picked them for their various types, for here as elsewhere

I was anxious to exercise my own volition. I had them thin and

spiritual, plump and enticing, blueeyed, browneyed, with faces of every appeal from the houris to the Madonnas. I let them

see that to favor me with their smiles was to protect themselves from my criticism, which I made as harsh as I well knew how. I liked best those who dissolved into tears under my rebukes, for it gave me an excuse to put an arm about them or to

console them by stroking their hands.

Though she pretended to see nothing, Miss Riley sat and watched. After a time I noticed that in some indescribable

way the girls relied on her for moral support; I received fewer

sweet smiles, and there was less of a flutter when I went down the overheard Miss Riley saying that I strutted. aisle—I

There was some excuse for me. How could she know that

for a quarter of a century I had nourished a secret burning to be popular? And in leaving home I had escaped at the age of forty

from the oversight of a prim mother and three Boston sisters.

After that I went to work to undermine Kathleen Riley.

In the meantime I luxuriated in a headstrong blindness. I

I forgot regarded my workers as so many slaves toiling for me.

that I myself was merely an agent. I could not see in those

days that back of me they toiled for the company, and back of the company, for humanity.

In good time I was ready for Miss Riley. I managed, in

crafty ways, known to expert accountants, to trap her. I shall

never forget the look in her eyes. Accountants prize a fastidious reputation for honesty, and she could not have said anything that I would have felt more than the few words she did

say: "I have watched you,"she said, "and I've seen much, but

I didn't imagine until today that you could steal!"

In vain I thundered at her that it was not I who was the thief, but she.

416 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stolidly she listened, and when I had finished she sat down at her typewriter. She wrote for a long time, and when the

noise of her machine at last ceased, she sealed the sheets in a long envelope bearing the printed address of the home office!

I had thrown enough work at her to keep her busy for the rest of the day, but she let it lie as if it had been so much blank paper. She took her long envelope, got her hat and coat,

and without a word to me walked out of the office in the middle of the afternoon!

I was a trifle uneasy about that letter to the home office.

But I tried to feel secure in the thought that her word could not have much weight against mine.

Next morning I had the grace to be ashamed of myself. I

lingered over my breakfast, I looked out on a dismal rain, and reflected that my promotion had not brought me happiness. It

was not until late in the day that I went down to the office. Miss

Riley was not there; of course, she was not—she would not be

again. I selected the most likely of the girls and set the bookkeeper to train her for the vacant place.

In exactly two weeks from the day Miss Riley had sat typing

Mclntyre, theout I knew not doubt about me—Mr. what—no

Big Chief, appeared. He came to the plant for me in a taxicab

and took me to his hotel. I went with the sensation of being a

dirty terrier grasped in its master's one hand, while in the other is carried a rawhide. He read every word of that letter to me.

Then he instructed me to wait at the hotel until he returned.

I knew what that meant. The Big Chief was down at the

plant talking in that confidential way of his with my bookkeeper, and with every blessed employee in the place. I could

see it as plainly as if I was there. I smiled to think that all of

them were sneaks and would say nothing for fear of their jobs.

Thereupon I reflected that at bottom they were upright, and I trembled in the region of my spine. I cursed the Big Chief's

friendliness, which could win from those simple people information that he would use against them or for them, as he saw fit.

But, at least, I had Kathleen Riley. Mclntrye would have

nothing for it but her word and mine. She was unknown to

him personally; I had not dissembled a penny in twenty laborious years.

the room, lookSomehow I passed the time—striding abouting out the window. There was nothing else I could do—except

to think. From Mclntyre's room, in the Fairmont, I looked out

on the varying blues of the San Francisco landscape. I idled

over the sparkle of the brilliant sun in the chill freshness of the autumn day. I felt foreign and very far from my proper sphere.

MY PERSONAL DEVIL 417

It was not that I was longing for the old office. I was not homesick for my mother and my three Boston sisters. The vagaries

of a pleasureloving and incorrigible West did not oppress me.

It was rather that I was hungry for myself—for something that

I had lost almost as soon as it had dared to assert that it existed. I saw that I had been strangled and sapped by the devil

that had made his way into my chest. I was alarmed to see how

near he had come to killing my soul and himself crawling up and in his turn looking out of my eyes!

After an interminable time the Big Chief came back, and with him was Miss Riley. As we stood in his sittingroom she

appeared in some way to be the dominant figure. She was no

longer an employee; she was a woman. Even Mclntyre recognized that and waited. There was a sweetness about her that I

had never seen before. Was there something else I had missed?

Had I made a mistake in looking only for physical beauty in women? "Don't be harsh with him, Mr. Mclntyre,"she begged, and

he listened to her as to a mother pleading for a naughty boy.

"Don't you see what his life must have been? I wrote that letter not to crush Mr. Williams, but to save those fine boys and

girls before it was too late."

It was / she was asking his clemency for!

"You must understand that the business is my main consideration,"said Mclntyre. "I should hardly have crossed the

continent to right the wrongs of a handful of clerks."The Big

Chief was used to reckoning his employees by the quantity. He

had tons of them.

Miss Riley smiled queerly. "I don't need to tell you, Mr.

Mclntyre, that your employees are your business. You know

that much better than I. And don't you see where injustice

leads? It makes such men as Darrell Williams, and they in

their turn go on blighting the young people under them."

I had no desire to say anything. I was too absorbed in

I was amazement. She thought me a victim, then—and such

and she defended me!

"I don't know how Williams came to be sent,"grumbled

Mclntyre. "The board might have made a wiser choice."

"Perhaps. But can you be sure? All your men have been

trained in the same school. Mr. Williams had in him all these

Your grinding mill could years a valuable thing—character.

not grind it out of him. He was young, ambitious, he had ability, he wanted to get somewhere in life, he found himself always

thwarted. What must he have suffered! Think, Mr. Mclntyre,

of twenty years of commands, complaints, exacting men over him, tedious hours and poor pay."

418 IMPROVEMENT ERA "How do you know?"I broke in. "No one ever understood

before!""A woman has a good opportunity to know,"she sadly answered, but without reproach. "Her hope of climbing to the

top in business is less than yours. She goes through the same

years of apprenticeship, she bides her time as patiently, and, if she doesn't marry, the business becomes her life in a way a man doesn't think of."

The Big Chief looked from her to me, and I could see that he was undecided.

"Forgive me,"she said. "Perhaps we of the West are a

little too may call it undisciplined. We can't courageous—you

get the breeze out of our blood. But I want to ask you not to

recall Mr. Williams."

She asked him not to recall me! Had she gone mad?

"Your clemency and a kindly talk with him about his responsibilities will turn him back to the days of his own youth,"she went on. "He will remember in what ways he was injured;

and he'll see that by helping instead of hindering his employees he will raise himself and them and the business."

"Perhaps you're right,"reflected Mclntyre, though with an air of unwillingness. "I know our company has been behind others in looking to the welfare of its people. But you

have yet to account for his charge against your honesty."

I dashed forward before she could speak. I did not stop to

propelled me. "It was a lie!"I cried. "Thisthink—something

woman is as honest as sunshine!"The blood rushed to my

face, and a sudden weakness trembled over me. I felt the devil

wrench himself out of me, and I was happier than I had been since I had come West. There was much that I wanted to say,

but my feelings choked me.

"Thank you,"said Miss Riley. And she smiled. It was

like her smile when I had first known her, but kinder and more intimate.

She went on speaking to Mclntyre. "As best I could I

bolstered up the human fabric he was trying to destroy. I got

in his way, and it was logical that he should want to rid himself of me."

Like an impatient leopard the Big Chief strode about the room. He thrust his hands into his pockets, took them out,

waved them in front of him almost as if they were in his way.

"Very well, Williams,"he said at last. "You will stay."

"Oh, thank you!"said Miss Riley.

Searchingly Mclntyre looked at her, as if he could not understand her strong emotion.

She nervously flushed. Now that her battle was won, she

MY PERSONAL DEVIL 419

was merging once more into the ranks of the employed woman.

"Shall I go?"she asked.

A lump in my throat, I grasped the Big Chief's hand. He

must have detained Miss Riley by a glance, for she came back from the door and stood waiting.

"Miss Riley must also have her place again,"I said.

"No,"said Mclntyre, with his slow smile that sits oddly on his nervous face. "I rather think Miss Riley is wasted on you.

I'm going to take her back East and put her at the head of our

Welfare Work."

San Francisco, Cat.

WillPower in Quitting Tobacco

By Will H. Brown

William Hood, for thirtyfive years the chief engineer of the Southern Pacific, who built the wonderful trestle work, known as the "Lucin Cutoff,"over the Great Salt Lake some years ago, had smoked from the time he was a boy until 58, when he quit upon the advice of his physician, according to the American Magazine. When his doctor found Mr. Hood

physically below par and advised him to give up tobacco, "Hood tossed his cigar away and has never smoked since,"we are told. The Improvement Era, commenting upon this, says: "Is

there a thinking young man with a will who cannot say, 'I will quit using tobacco,'after such an example?"When Mr.

Hood followed his physician's advice he began to improve, and although then 75 years of age, was still active as chief engineer of the Southern Pacific. Some of the most astounding engineering feats of recent years have been accomplished by this

man who had the willpower to face a deepseated habit and rout it.

The former editor of an Oakland, Calif., weekly paper,

who had also used tobacco from the days of his youth, found his heart going back on him at 65, and "in the twinkling of an eye,"made up his mind to quit tobacco, and did so. But

he had a hard fight, for he had smoked as many as ten to fifteen highpriced cigars a day. He says he had spent $18,000 for the

of the home he now owns. It hasweed—four times the value

been a year since he quit, and he says he feels like a new man, declaring: "I had actually forgotten what food tasted like. I

used to think I could not eat without smoking. Why I never

knew that food could taste so good as it does now. Tobacco

had robbed me of the real taste, the delicious taste of food."

Oakland, Calif.

Lest We Forget

By Dr. Seymour B. Young, of tlve First Council of Seventy

VI.—What Utah Stood for in the Civil War (Continued)

Judge Advocate General Thomas B. Hopkins, wrote that

the Utah volunteers were armed and equipped, furnished their own horses, saddles and bridles, and all equipments necessary for the service, at their own expense, and were on the march in three days after the order had been given calling them to enlist. Something otherwise unknown in the history of the Civil

War. Many were the hardships endured on that memorable

campaign, about which much might be said or written. For

eight days they were without bread or other rations, and many fatalities occurred in their ranks, soon after their return home, as a result of the hardships endured while in the service of their country. Captain Smith was complimented from Washington

for the alacrity with which his men responded to their country's call, and for their splendid performance of duty. The war

department records that as a company, and as individuals, their conduct in the service was above reproach. 'Again, Thomas B.

Hopkins, Judge Advocate General of the G. A. R., made the

following statement:

"This organization was just as much a part of the army of the United

States as were any of the regiments of the great armies of the east and west, and I therefore advise that in the official records of the government it be made to read that these men were duly mustered into the service of the United States and after faithfully serving their country were honorably discharged therefrom and are eligible to membership in the

Grand Army of the Republic."

On the first day of May, 1862, the Utah Volunteer Companies, "A"and "B"of the First Cavalry Utah Militia, took up their line of march, entering the defile of Emigration Canyon, They halted about three miles above the mouth of said canyon, and were here overtaken by exGovernor Brigham

Young and General D. H. Wells. Governor Young addressed

the volunteers as follows:

I desire of the officers and privates of this company, that in this service they will conduct themselves as gentlemen, remembering their allegiance and loyalty to our government, and also not forgetting that they are members of the organization to which they belong, never indulging in intoxicants of any kind, and never associating with bad men or lewd women, always seeking to make peace with the Indians. Aim never to take

the life of an Indian or white man, unless compelled to do so in the disLEST WE FORGET 421

charge of duty, or in defense of your own lives, or that of your comrades.

Whenever and wherever you can hold council with their sachems, or peacechiefs, do not fail to embrace the opportunity, and thus win their friendship and prevent the shedding of blood if possible. Another thing

I would have you remember is that, although you are United States soldiers you are still members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, and while you have sworn allegiance to the constitution and government of our country, and we have vowed to preserve the Union, the best way to accomplish this high purpose is to shun all evil associations, and remember your prayers, and try to establish peace with the Indians, and always give ready obedience to the orders of your commanding officers. If you will do this I promise you, as a servant of the Lord, that not

one of you shall fall by the hand of an enemy.

Tim Goodell At the bivouac on the mountain side the soldier who is on the night watch may be careless or indifferent, only anxious for the expiration of his watch, or guard duty. With this indifference he exposes his sleeping comrades and himself also,

to the sudden spring and stealthy attack of the lurking savage.

He may be, and generally is, awake, alert and exceedingly watchful, realizing that his comrades are resting with assurance that no foes can approach the camp unchallenged, and unopposed, without immediate warning to his comrades that a vengeful foe is lurking near, with deadly purpose of dealing death with scalping knife and tomahawk.

On the 20th day of May, 1862, Lot Smith's command of

Utah Volunteers encamped near the three crossings of the

Sweetwater, where was once a flourishing mail station, on Ben

Holliday's mail line. Now all that remained of it was one room,

or part of the enclosure belonging to the horse stables, and at the northwest corner of the enclosure stood a lone corner post, this corner post was the only other remains of the station. On

nailed a notice which read as follows:

The volunteer soldiers from Utah are out to make war on the Indians, the mountain ers, and squaw men, and are endeavoring to drive them out of the country and take possession of their lands.

This paper was signed by the principal mountaineers of the region, with the exception of Jack Robinson, who always had shown his faith and loyalty to the Utah people.

At the bottom of the list was the name of Tim Goodell, who claimed a large acreage of grazing land, and had several hundred head of finebred cattle, in the region of the Pacific

Springs..,

As Tim was one of the most prominent and widely known mountaineers, and had considerable influence among his fellows, it was advised by our commanding general of Utah militia, 422 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Robert T. Burton, who had just arrived at our camp on his way

home from the North Platte, that a small party be sent to Tim

Goodell's camp, located some thirtyfive miles southeast of our present encampment, with a warrant for his arrest and with orders to bring him into camp for a hearing before a court martial. When this decision was reached, two of General

Burton's command were elected, namely, Colonel Heber P. Kimball, and Sergeant Stephen W. Taylor; and one from the command of Captain Smith, namely, Corporal S. B. Young. The

small party assigned to this duty might at first sight seem insufficient, but they proved equal to the occasion and accomplished what they were sent to do. They left camp at 5 a. m.

the following morning and followed the trail in the direction of the mountaineer's camp. About 11 a. m. a lone horseman was

seen approaching from the south, and when within about forty rods of our party he dismounted and, turning his animal broadside to us, crouched behind this living breastwork, placed his rifle across the saddle, and took deadly aim at one of our party.

Comrade Taylor remarked, "What's that fellow going to do?

Evidently he intends to shoot one of us."But the shot was

not fired, for the fellow suddenly withdrew his rifle from the rest across his saddle, remounted, and rode up to our party.

"Why did you aim your rifle at us?"was the question asked.

The fellow replied, "I took you for Indians, and was intending to sell my life as dearly as possible, but on drawing a sight on you over my rifle barrel I discovered that you were white men, hence concluded that I did not have any need to fear an attack from you."We questioned the fellow in regard to the whereabouts of Tim Goodell's camp. He readily gave us directions

how to reach it, which afterwards proved to be correct. We arrived at the ranch of Mr. Goodell about 1 o'clock in the afternoon, having covered a distance of thirtyfive miles, since leaving our encampment on the Sweetwater. The warrant of arrest was read to the mountaineer by Comrade Taylor, as Mr.

Goodell declared that he could not read or write even his own name. On hearing the warrant of arrest Mr. Goodell seemed to

be considering the matter for a few moments, and finally made this reply, "I will go with vou to your headquarters, without any opposition on my part."This was a very proper and safe answer

for us, because there were only three of our party, and we were in the stronghold of the mountaineer, and outnumbered at least three to one. Then Mr. Goodell showed the proverbial hospitality of the rane rider and plainsman, extending to us an invitation to have dinner with him, which we gladly accepted. Dinner was prepared, consisting of choice cuts of elk meat fried to

a turn in the bake kettle, over a live woodfire, and fresh baked,

LEST WE FORGET 423 warm biscuits, and coffee, to all of which our party did ample justice. As soon as dinner was over, we mounted our horses

and, with Mr. Goodell, started on our return for headquarters

at the camp on Sweetwater. From the time that Mr. Goodell

consented to go with us, he immediately began drinking from a large whiskey bottle, and when dinner was over and we were ready to start on our return, the old mountaineer was so thoroughly drunk that one of our party was compelled to ride by his side and help to hold him in his saddle. His condition, and

the assistance we had to give him, detained us, and taps had been sounded and lights were out, hours before our return to camp.

The prisoner was placed in the guardtent and a special guard was set to watch over him the balance of the night. When

we left the ranch of Mr. Goodell he bade goodby to his Indian

wife, and said I am never coming back. The following morning after our arrival in camp, a court martial was organized

with General Burton presiding, and Mr. Goodell was placed

on trial. Here he again declared he could neither read nor write

not even his own name, and that some other party, without his consent or knowledge, had written his name on that offensive document found nailed to the corner post of the burned corral.

So well did this old mountaineer plead his cause that the members of the court martial were convinced of his innocence, and he was set at liberty. We saw him start for his home, on

the adjournment of the court, and as he rode a little distance from our camp, he turned in his saddle and gave three cheers, seeming to be thoroughly impressed with thankfulness for his till the follife and liberty. We saw no more of Tim Goodell

lowing month of July when we had again established our camp in the region of the Pacific Springs. Mr. Goodell, in the mean

time, had moved his headquarters in close proximity to the

Springs. Our command at this date had consumed all their

rations, and a letter was sent by Corporal Young to Mr. Goodell

with a requisition for a thousand pounds of flour and a dressed beef. When the note was presented to Mr. Goodell he looked

at it, gave it back to the messenger and said, "Please read this for me,"and when the contents of the note were made known to him, Mr. Goodell said:

Please tell Captain Smith that the beef and flour will be delivered at his camp early tomorrow morning, and that I have here 200 head of fat cattle, and cattle and five thousand pounds of flour, and every hoof of my th; flour are at his disposal and subject to his order.

And this was his way of showing gratitude for life and liberty given him at the trial of the court martial, some months before, resulting from the burned corral document.

<r?Where Angels Fear to Tread"

By O. S. Johnson

"That's all right, Pete, but it won't work out. It's like that

gold mine old Tom found once, that would have made millions for him had there been any gold in it. Your idea would be

wonderful if it would work out, but it won't."

"Did you ever try it? Did any one you ever heard of try

it?""No. But that doesn't prove that it's no good."

"Don't, eh? Well I'd like to know how you're going to prove

it then. If you'll tell us that perhaps we'll try out your scheme

and see if it'll work."

"The only way there is to prove a thing is to try it. When

you've tried it and found it a failure, or even found anyone who has tried it and found it a failure, then I'll give up."

"Well, when you tell us the use of trying when all the "best"men of the country say it's no good, then we'll go after it and try it ourselves."

"Well, just because some of the most 'prominent'men say it's not good, that don't prove it isn't. How do they know any

more about it than we do? They've never tried it according to

some of their own words, but there are those who have tried it. And I'm one of them. You've all tried it, and it was successful. But you're too much wrapped up in yourselves to

acknowledge anyone's help but your own. Do you know what

happens to such people? Read your books that have been

given to you for guides. Read the Book of Mormon, or any

other of our Church works."

"How do we know they tried what they say they tried?

We never saw any of them try it."

"Yes, but we know that they did try it. We have seen people who saw them try it and who say it is true themselves.

Let's take the men of this town. I'll bet the ones who have

done it are more successful than the ones who have never done it, and I'll go farther and say that the ones who are trying it now are still more successful, and farther yet and say that I can pick them out without asking them."

There was a kind of silence—the kind that comes amongst

a bunch of boys who have just heard one swear unusually hard. A little bit awed, but still a bit of surprise mixed with

WHERE ANGELS FEAR TO TREAD 425 it. A silence that gives the one who secured it the floor until

the others get their breath. Pete had the floor. The dozen

loafers in the store were ready to listen then, and he made use of their willingness, or perhaps not so much willingness as dazedness.

Pete was a collector of hides. All kinds of hides, and a

bit of a philosopher into the bargain. He had breezed in that

morning, and as he always had been, was in a hurry. He had

time, however, as he always did have, for a mental skirmish with the loafers. He liked to daze them once in a while, and

once in a great while he made them think. But he considered them mostly as a bunch of fools that rushed into any kind

of an argument, and sometimes it was not the cleanest kind.

It had been so that day. One of them had said something

about praying for a stick of candy. Pete was not the kind to let

an opportunity pass to leave them with as near a clear idea on any subject as was in his power to do so. Prayer was one of

his hobbies. It was about that that they were talking. It was

about that which he had challenged them. It was that particular

subject that he had succeeded in putting forth in such a manner as to produce that peculiar kind of silence. And with a

merry, satisfied twinkle, he viewed their dazedness, proceeded to make his purchases and turned to go.

"Hold on, Pete, let's get this thing right. You say that

you can pick the prayers out without asking them if they pray, by their looks?"

Pete turned. It was not often that he met real intelligence

in such a place, but he had struck it this time, and turned with the joy of battle in his eye. The joy that proclaimed him a

victor even before the fight. He hid that joy in his voice by

calmly admitting, "Yes, boys, that's what I said. And that's

what I meant."

The speaker, Lije, looked over the room, frowned in a way that plainly showed he was trying to hide a smile, and said, "Do you see any of that brand here?"

"One,"calmly without even glancing around. "There are

one or two who have attempted it at times, but one only who really prayed for something that was worth having."He looked

around then, as if daring them to ask him who. And it so surprised him when it did come that he almost shouted, "You for

one, Bill Davis. And I can tell you what you prayed for, and

it's a God's blessing that that prayer was answered or you would have been the worst goodfor-nothing in this part of the world. Do you want me to tell what you prayed for?"

Bill was almost white, and it was noticeable that he shook a little as he took a match from his mouth, which he had there 426 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in place of the customary cigarette. He couldn't smoke in the

store. Pete with a kind of sneer, that didn't mean to be a

sneer, looked at his discomfiture. "Don't eh? Well I don't

blame you, and anyway it was only a sort of trial. You're not

one of the prayers. Not the one I spoke of. He keeps still, and

I know he's not ashamed of it. See that young silent fellow

over there. Do you know how successful he is, any of you?"

They all stared their negative reply.

"Neither do I, boys,"and his voice sank lower, "but God does. And Sam, don't you let this little discovery make you

blush so, you'll be a hero in a few minutes."But Sam was not

the blushing kind. He merely smiled in an appreciative way,

and went on listening.

Pete watching him, smiled in a way that said, "I know you. You're the real thing all right."To the audience he

said, "Bill here was afraid to have me tell what he prayed for, because he was afraid someone would look as if it were a joke. And he was afraid that if anyone looked like that, he

would hit him good and hard. I don't blame him for feeling

that way, for if anyone looked the least bit like they were thinking lightly of anything that was half as important to me as the answer to Bill's prayer is to him, I'd come very near going too far with my fists, feet and other members of my anatomy. "Sam's different. He knows that what people think of

him doesn't matter as long as they just think, and people rarely say anything slighting about an answer to a prayer. They

have that divine part of their being, and it gets riled up when they start to thinking about such things. They feel like they

are not certain just what would happen if they said what they think, so they are silent, when on any other occasion they'd split their mouth wider talking."

He stopped for breath, and after getting a supply of it, waited to see if there were any who wanted to have their say.

Finding nothing but a silence of curiosity he proceeded to prick the bubble by announcing that if there was anyone in the room who had never prayed he dared him to acknowledge it. Not a sign rewarded the dare.

"Just as I supposed. All of you have prayed at sometime

in your lives. Lem, tell me honestly when you were the freest

from worry."

Promptly the reply came, "When I was a kid."

"Just so. You know why, don't you? Not because you

prayed. No, no. Not because you never thought serious

thoughts either. But because you trusted. You hadn't ever

been beaten in a knife trade. No one had ever threatened to

WHERE ANGELS FEAR TO TREAD 427

cut your worthless hide to ribbons if you didn't stay off the premises. You thought the world was a fine place. People in

general were good to you, and you always had a feeling that there was a power around you that was very sweet and secure.

Isn't that true?"Lem nodded. So did several others.

Lem's eyes got a little bright, but the glitter died. Pete

saw it and a warm sympathy enveloped him. "Lem, let me tell

you how to get the good feeling again. Don't you remember

that you were mostly busy them days? Well just you try getting

a good job for a month, and while you're working, just as a little experiment, pray God to send you one happy moment, in order that you may know the real feeling when it comes. He'll

send it, Lem. You just try it. And then when you get home

again, don't spend your Sundays thinking how you're going to beat Bill out of old Topsy, spend them in church. Ask the

Bishop to let you go round with one of the ward teachers.

You'll be so surprised to find that a busy brain has no time for faultfinding that you'll keep clear of the loafer's corner for ever after. It's only the idler that kicks.

"It's the idler that complains about how the big men spend the tithing. The same fellow who finds fault with his

neighbor's way of raising hay. You never heard a full tithepayer kick about the way his money was spent. You never

heard a farmer say that his neighbor was a lazy dog. That old

story about the Devil taking possession of all empty places is about right. Let ideas begin to get scarce in your heads and

he gets in there mighty quick. And he's the most discontented

cuss in the whole Universe. He never was pleased with the

way things were going, and he never will be. But he's a mighty

idle fellow and likes idlers for company."

Pete had delivered his shot, and knowing that it would bear some kind of fruit seemed willing to wait and see what sort. With a hearty, "Try it out, fellows, it's the only road to

happiness,"he passed out of the store into his waiting Ford and was gone. Out of the whole group, not one seemed to be

communicative. Sam smiled a quiet good day, and left them.

He was not one of them. As Pete had said, he was a prayer,

and prayers are always workers. Lem shortly followed him,

and applied to Sam's father for a sheepherding job. He got

it. No need to say that he was going to test the theory. But

no doubt he knew the outcome. For as Pete had said of him,

once he had been happy. And he knew that Pete was right.

Bill left in a slow, almost melancholy silence. He was the only

one who could have told why there was a sort of sadness in his leaving.

He went directly home, and when his good wife came in 428 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with an armful of wood, he kissed her in a manner that quite surprised her. "God gave you to me Jennie, and I've been a

fool. To prove that I've awoke, I'm going to present this whole

carton of tobacco to Old Jones across the way, who really will get more joy out of it than I ever had. But not as much joy as

I will in getting rid of it. Why dear, don't cry. I'm not going

to be away long. Just a few months, in order to get a start.

Perhaps you will be able to come with me later."And they

awoke to the fact that each was really of value to the other, and in a way they realized that they had missed a great deal.

It is likely that Bill had hopes of making it up. In his hopes

they will both be happier than before.

Other members of that gang took Pete's advice seriously, or tried to, But the majority only smiled and went on being philosophers. Pete summed up his idea for the case when he got

home. "Well, dear,"this from his wife, "Was it a good day?"

"Fine. Had a good chance for some missionary work, if

I'd had time."

"What sort of missionary work, dear?"

"Oh it was a case of "Fools rush in, where angels fear to tread.""And you, I suppose, were the angel. I'll bet you acted

your part poorest of all."To which Pete chuckled and related the incident as he knew it. Of that which he knew nothing, however, he said nothing. And yet it was by far the most

important part.

Cannonville, Utah

Uphold the Right

To chase the darkness out of night,

Uphold the right;

To bask the soul in purest light,

Uphold the right;

And when grim weakness sadly sighs,

Just choke all doubt until it dies,

Uphold the right.

When sadness settles thick and sore,

Uphold the right;

When sweat is dripping from each pore,

Uphold the right;

And when you feel that death is nigh,

Or that 'twould be real sweet to die,

Uphold the right.

J. S. Dudley, Jr.

America's Responsibility How Shall She Meet It?

By President Elmer G. Peterson, Utah Agricultural College

During the last century America has been combatting the hard forces of nature, laying the physical foundation for our great civilization. Railroads have been built, harbors constructed, canals led out from gigantic reservoirs, great mineral

deposits opened up; cities of stupendous size have been built

and transportation and traffic in these, from city to city, over the great country, have assumed amazing proportions. This

great wealth of natural resource had hardly been exposed and directed to the channels of commerce when European civilization collapsed.

Rival nations flew at each others throats. In the death

strugge which ensued, we were drawn in, finally, to preserve our own liberties and in the interest of freedom everywhere.

From the struggle Europe has emerged fatally hurt; her manpower depleted, her wealth gone, and her people without confidence. America, comparatively untouched by the withering

struggle, has suddenly become the arbiter of nations. Here,

as nowhere else on earth, untouched are the cherished ideals of white civilization. Here, untouched, is the power of humanity, protected by two oceans and containing within us the physical things upon which civilization is built. These are food,

steel, cotton and wool, the finer metals and the existing wealth of the world in minted gold. From the horrible seething of the

War the leadership of America has crystallized. This is the

most outstanding thing in the world today.

How shall we accept this leadership? What are its privileges; what are its responsibilites? First we must recognize

that mere physical resource or wealth cannot maintain leadership. There must be in America a new spiritual ideal if we

are to measure up to the civilization which now asks us to lead.

Brotherhood has become a commercial thing as well as a religious ideal. Christianity has suddenly become good business. Over nineteen hundred years, the voice of the Man of

Galilee comes to us in accents that now fill the whole earth:

"As ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them."Here is the answer to the millions who look to

high heaven for the meaning of the world's agony. Here is the

430 IMPROVEMENT ERA

answer to the prayer of the mothers of earth who hold their young to them in fear. No other remedy will cure. Can America raise itself to this level? No one on earth, I presume,

knows; but we shall be privileged to answer as positively as

though God said. "This is the way; there is no other."The

young men and women of America who would serve our blessed country in the days ahead, must not believe that any material advantage which we have will keep us secure if we perfect ourselves in the selfishness of commerce only, as did

Europe, and forget the greater truth.

I have emphasized this thought because I believe it is the most important thought in the world today. With this as a

foundation what else must we do to be fit leaders? We must,

most emphatically, be trained in production, in trade and in manufacturing. We must equal or surpass the great manufacturing and technical efficiency of Germany before the War.

We must enter as did Germany and England the markets of the world. We must speak the language of our customers. We

must study trade as did England and Germany and manufacture what the world desires, not what we think the world desires.

I would say that at least the following training must be part of the education of the youth of America if we are to succeed in our new work. There must be a superior knowledge of agriculture and a very high level of citizenship on our farms and

in our homes. In this we can benefit by England's failure to

develop a great agriculture. A contented, intelligent and prosperous rural life is the first material need of any nation. Second only to making of our farmers the intelligent leaders they

must be if we are to be socially sound, is the training of the

American mothers for proficiency in the delicate and difficult tasks of child rearing. This training of women may distinguish us as a nation. If civilizations vary in greatness as their

treatment and respect for women varies, so may a civilization be true or false depending upon the intelligence and character of the mothers.

We should study the sciences which underlie modern industry. These are particularly, in addition to agriculture, chemistry, physics, economics, commerce, sociology, bacteriology, sanitation, and engineering. Our youth should study in America

applied art and the foreign languages, particularly Spanish,

French, and German. Why should not hundreds of our Utah

youth find most honorable place in the future trade with Latin

America and the Pacific? Russia too holds out a great opportunity to America in trade possibilities.

Science and art must come to the aid of our manufacturing. At one time before the war, England had developed such

a disrespect for her own technical proficiency that goods made

AMERICA'S RESPONSIBILITY 431

in England were shipped to Germany, marked "Made in Germany"and shipped back to England for sale. Germany had so

conquered the details of manufacturing that her goods were universally accepted. Furthermore, they were beautifully made.

Beauty is a commercial asset. Immediately after the outbreak

of the war an English commission conducted an extensive investigation to determine why Germany had so sensationally succeeded in manufacturing and commerce. Many things were announced by the commission among which was the assertion that

the German artisan and artist had developed a real love for beautiful and efficient articles, a love totally aside from the money values involved. They loved their work and thought of

its earning power only secondarily. So we had coming from the

factories of Germany not only very superior products from the standpoint of their direct utility but also things of beauty.

You have all seen such beautiful stew pans, knives and forks, china ware, binoculars; and everyone knows how Germany dominated the field of scientific apparatus and supplies such as

microscopes, glass ware, surveying and engineering instruments and other instruments of percision, and chemicals. There was

here mastery of science and also a utilization of art. In the

manufacture of dyestuffs and certain drugs and medicines German chemists had a complete domination of the field. It has

been gravely suggested, if not proved, that this domination was secured sometimes by fraudulent means. However that may be,

the undoubted challenge to the American youth today is along the lines of thorough and efficient education. Not only in

Europe but in the Orient is this challenge sent us. This is the

friendly rivalry of the years immediately ahead of us. Already

we are started along this road but there must be a continuous effort if we are to succeed. We have in America, I believe, blood

strains the equal or superior of any on earth. We have the innate ability, the inventive genius, the capacity for industry, if

aroused and sustained by proper vision, and the spiritual ideals which will enable us to peacefully guide the world to a higher standard of industrial and social well being.

Logan, Utah

My Life Code

Plain food for the stomach, vigorous exercise for the muscles, pure air for the lungs, sound sleep for the nerves, good cheer for the liver, great thoughts for the head, holy aspirations for the heart, kind deeds for neighbors, and pure love for things make life worth living and heaven sure of God—these

winning. Nephi Jensen,

Dina

By Alfred Lambourne

"As a woman thinketh so is She.* 9 In its tranquility and

peace her face was like the psalm. "He maketh me to lie down

in green pastures. He leadeth me beside still waters."One

could imagine her lips repeating the words. In the depths of

her clear and steady eyes, were shown a gentleness, a resignation, and yet they revealed as well an introspection in the soul.

One realized that in the life of the possessor of that face there had been an experience that was both sacred and untold. In

her heart there was raised an altar where the soul could worship, upon which could burn the holy flame of love, to all the world unknown.

Books have souls; one learns to know them as he reads. The

booksoul is a portion of the soul of its author. A book holds

fast to that life of its own, a life that is dead to change. He

who puts life into those words, a soul, may pass on, even retrograde, but the book remains the same. Books are soulchil-

dren, milestones on the road of soul development. They are

records and a portion of the ego. There is often a meeting of

souls through books. There the soul of the author is met by the

soul of the reader. Why should not such a one as she find her

soulmate through the soul of a book?

In an ivory casket inlaid with gold, Dina kept the treasures which made her memorial of love. There was the book in

which she had first read his name. There were his letters, his

portrait, a lock of his hair, and lastly a few withered flowers, relics which had been gathered and sent by a friend, from his unseen grave.

Can souls so meet and love? They can and did. Never in

life did she look upon him; never was she seen by his mortal

eyes, and yet to them love became the undying passion of life.

Once they were so near to each other that they all but met, and still they did not care to see each other in the flesh. In her

it was as if she were in a nunnery cell; to himroom—her world,

the world was a home. She lived within the most narrow

bounds; to him the Orient and the Occident were as one. While

she listened each year to the spring note of the same robin upon the lawn. He heard the music of the chang, the Hebrew cymbals, or the voluptuous clicking of the castanets. While her

small circle of friends remained the same, he made new ones as he inhaled the incense of the Koslym and the Narghileh with

DINA 433

the Persian, the Turk, the Arab, or smoked the peacepipe, the calumet, with savages in their native wilds. As her sphere of

life narrowed toward that one sanctuary, the stillness of her room, his broadened to the Seven Seas. But the farther apart

their lives, the nearer was soul to soul.

Truly like seeks like, and yet it may be in a very antithesis of being. We will not forget the Little White Lady who once

loved the Lord of Newstead, nor the sweetheart of the aged

Goethe. Perhaps the soul to which she was drawn might have

revelled in the sensuous beauties of the earth, as she in the ecstacy of the spirit. Such a soul meeting was independent of

space and time, and such a love is religion.

How dear to a woman's soul is a gift from romance. And

dearer still it becomes if, in the romance of their love, there is a touch of the mysterious, of the supernatural. Above all

would it be dear to such a nature as that Dina of whom we write. To her how priceless some token from the unknown to

set a seal of divine sanction upon her love. To her such a

gift was of greater worth than all earthly riches, or of earthly pleasures. It built for her a palace of the soul.

Too lengthy a prelude, and the event how small. Yet explain that event who may? A wedding ring, and yet not marriage. That word "marriage"had never been written in one of

those letters. A wedding ring, and from where? Not found in

any letter; not received from any hand. That room had been

inviolate, and yet the ring was there. Death had put the final

period to their correspondence; the letters whose envelopes

bore the postmarks of so many lands, and then came from only one, at last would come no more. The man whom she had

learned to love, who had traveled so far, was now at rest, his wanderings ended, by the shore of a distant sea. But the

ring? It had not come as a reminder of that which might have

been on earth; it had not been found among the possessions of

the man who was dead. It did not come with the sacred flowers,

that had been gathered and sent from that unseen grave. Then,

whence had it come? Was it a token from the dead? It came,

it appeared, from out the infinite and returned into the unknown. There it lay upon her dresser, a plain, shining band of

purest gold. For one short hour she had worn that ring upon

the marriage finger of her hand. Then she had placed it away

among the other sacred relics in the ivory casket, inlaid with gold. Her room, we have said, was inviolate, none had entered there, the key of the casket was ever with her, and yet,

when she looked again, the ring was gone. Gone! And where?

Never did Dina know. But she might believe. Yes, that emblem

had come from out the infinite, and returned from whence it

434 IMPROVEMENT ERA came. And the one who wore the ring for one short hour yet

awaits the end; for the time when shall come the perfect marriage of soul to soul, not here but in some realm beyond.

Dying Day

Into the west sinks the day, Rosyhued day, Out of the east comes the night;

Sunset is fading to gray, Fading away, Dark stealing after the light.

So fails the day of the brave,

Bravest of brave;

Worn by the toil and the strife,

Monarch and minion and slave Sink to the grave Death closing down upon life.

But say, does the day ever die

Out of the sky?

Does the day ever yield to the night?

Or is somewhere the sun ever high

In the valleys that lie Beyond the horizons of sight?

close on the heels of the day,

Firebright day, May follow the wings of the night,

Dark never conquers the day On its westwending way In the valleys ahead of the night!

There is ever a new day begun With the swiftsetting sun In the far western valleys of Earth is done And the soul of a life that

Is a soul that has gone To a new and more beautiful birth.

Vernon, Utah Rulon P. Bennion

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness

A Study for the Advanced Senior Class, M. I. A. 192122

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

Lesson XIX.—HomeComings

During one of the recent "ownplaces was as wide of good busiyour-ownhome"campaigns, the ness as the family shoeshop, spinproblem was found to possess two ning and weaving room, bakery sides of very upto-date interest, and laundry; some of which have

and the question arose as to whethproved their unfitness to survive, er home attraction was not based and others are fast passing into the more upon animal instinct than realm of the obsolete. Summed up,

upon rationality. On one side it the argument against the home

was urged that home attractivemeant that more of the real honey ness was more than instinctive, that of life could be conserved in teneit had behind it an intrinsic idealment hives than in homes.

ity, the attainment of which was The question is still an open a high form of happiness, that one, and time alone can determine there was truth as well as poetry in which side was right, but with the the expression, "Be it ever so humassumption that we are still in the ble, there's no place like home."home age, we can stand safely on

"A charm from the sky"not only the ground that homecomings are "seems to hallow us there,"but sources of joy and factors of hapdoes hallow us there; "which seen piness.

through the world is ne'er met The Family HomeComing.—

with elsewhere."It was urged that Fences and what they surround,

"the orchard, the meadow, the walls and what is within them, do'deeptangled wildwood, and every not constitute home. The real

loved spot that my infancy knew"home is life environed by home contributed a joy to life for which surroundings, and the life of home there could be no adequate substiis the family. Family homecom-

tute. It was also urged that homeings may fittingly be held anymaking, homekeeping, was but a where designated as a place of

miniature worldcreating and heavgathering. The most ideal place

enmaking. When it came to the is the old homestead, the place of

question of economics it was shown patriarchal interest as was Adanithat the apartment house plan ondiAhman, where the first famcould claim life advantages which ily homecoming was held and the segregated home could not where a greater one still is to be give, that the building and mainheld. Doctrine and Covenants,

taining of individual dwelling section 107:5356; 116:1.

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our forefather, Adam, set a ness of life by mingling the past splendid example in regard to with the present, there is an exhome-comings, he did not leave it change of ideas, a sort of traffic until some deathbell tolled the of ambitions, a commerce of expefuneral call; his multitudinous riences, that is of intrinsic value

household gathered to rejoice, it to the community. The homewas a great family reunion, and a comer enriches the old town, and

time of rejoicing and blessing. the old town with its newness adds

Birthdays, wedding days, victo the homecomer, and thus these torious returns of missionaries, are comeback community conferences all propitious days for family contribute materially to the welhome-comings, as is also Thanksfare of all within the circle of the giving day, Christmas, New Year's gathering's interests.

day, the Fourth and the TwentyThere is a form of subhome-

Fourth of July. The social and incoming gaining in popularity, such

dustrial freedom, coming from as the gathering in one city of all public holiday provisions, may be the former inhabitants of another allmade to contribute to interest in city or state. The gathering of

family homecomings without dethe Spanish Forkers residing in tracting in any way from the comSalt Lake City, or all Utahns in ilmunity holiday interest. Washington, or New York, are

The program that will distribute lustrations.

the homecoming activities mo:t It is preeminently fitting that

widely will succeed best. That the M. I. A. should lead out in

branch of the family which has these high grade community funcsomething to do will rarely be untions, which have claim to perrepresented and generally will repetuity on the grounds that they spond in full force. are sources of joy and factors of

have family happiness. Houseparties.—We houseparties, many of which, too School Homecomings.—T h e

large) for private residences, are school is our foster home, in recogit our Alheld in public meetinghouses. nition of which we call

Then we have the family outing ma Mater. While every comis more than aand greater still, the family Temmencement exercise

ple day, where help from earth is call for the graduates to come back handed up to increase the joys of and see the school and contribute heaven. to its greatness by their presence,

is to Community HomeComings.—a prevalent college custom

These gatherings have more than have a homecoming every decade, a social value. Besides the greetfor a rallying of the classes, a reings, the renewal of acquaintancenewal of oldtime college yells and

ship, the recounting of comrade songs, a reviewing of oldtime epihardships and adventure, the vissodes and escapades, the retelling iting of childhood haunts or places of college tales, and the opening up endeared by longago associations, of the stream of inquiry concernall of which contribute to the fuling the what and where and who of

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACOTRS OF HAPPINESS 437

both the present and the absent. vine love catches the soulcry and

These school homecomings, like the Father of all hastens to meet all other gatherings that bring us the returning wanderer with his back to where we may have expeparental heart full of forgiveness, riences of which we may exclaim hands outstretched to lead him to thereafter, "For that brief space, I the feast, the temporary guest of was a boy again."honor, finally to find his place for

When a homecoming college which he has proved his ability, procession has in it a relatively a position of trust in great things, strong showing of graduates, it beparallel with his proved capacity comes an exhibition of its present to handle small things.

strength, and a prophecy of its fuThe permanent guest of honor at ture greatness. The college jubithe great hereafter homecoming is

lee homecoming and the centenhe who, with polestar fidelity, nial gathering of the graduates are stood by his Father and whose events of rarity, but as civilizatemporary flush of irritation, by a tion evolves so will they increase, seeming act of injustice, was cooled for education and civilization are by the chiding of his momentary complements of each other, one is selfishness, with the reminder that not without the other all that his Father has is his. The

Homecomings Hereafter—The Father has his sons, both sons have

future that is worth while is the a father and a father's love. One

present more nearly perfected. has kept his full inheritance, a

Heaven without family heartpart of which is the unmarred throbs, quickened and made warmconfidence of his Father.

er than those of earth, is undesirAs to the call for the great able for contemplation; for the pichome-coming hereafter, the comture of it there is no place in the pany, the conditions, and the prodrawing room of our desires. cedure, the following [wonderful

No matter who or what is there, hymn by W. W. Phelps is subFor all its bounties, who would care, mitted:

Without earth's loved ones there to share? Come to me, will ye come to the Saints

Our joy will be full with the that have died,

To the next, better world where the rightconsciousness that each of our eous reside, loved ones has his relative share. Where the angels and spirits in harmony

Men cannot be saved in perpetual be, loneliness. In the joys of a vast paradise? Come to

When the prodigal son said, "I me.

will arise,"he uttered more than Come to me, where the truth and the he knew. The homecoming yearnvirtues prevail,

ing always lifts, and a yielding to Wliere the union is one, and the years the impulse elevates the soul, and never fail;

For no heart can conceive, and no human when it is accompanied by a eye see willingness to get back through the What the Lord has prepared for the just, door of repentance, the ear of diCome to me.

IMPROVEMENT ERAm Come to me, where there is no destrucHere's the "Fountain,"the "River of tion nor war, Life,"and the "Tree!"

Neither tyrants, nor mobbers, nor naHere's your Prophet and Seer, Joseph tions ajar; Smith. Come to me.

Where the system is perfect and happiSee also Doc. and Cov. 27:3-15.

ness free, And the life is eternal with God. Come Suggestions.—Have someone

to me. sing, "Home, Sweet Home"as an

introduction to the lesson, and

Come to me, will ye come to the manclose the exercise by singing, "O, sions above, Father,"or at least the lastWhere the bliss and the knowledge, the my light and the love, stanza.

And the glory of God shall eternally be. Questions and ProblemsDeath, the wages of sin, is not here.

Come to me. 1. In what way does the observance of

home evening tend to stimulate homeCome to me; here are Adam and Eve at coming? What is lost to life by living in rentthe head 2.

Of a multitude quickened and raised ed habitations?

Show how one energetic member of from the dead; 3.

Here's the knowledge that was, or that is, the family may initiate a family homecoming. or will be,

In the gen'ral assembly of worlds. Come 4. Illustrate the value of a wide disto me. tribution of the programmed exercises as

a means of securing a good attendance at a family homecoming.

Come to me; here are mysteries man 5. Show the value of a paper on famhath not seen, ily achievements being made a part of

Here's our Father in heaven, and Mother, the homecoming program.

the Queen. 6. Discuss the mortgaging of homes.

Here are worlds that have been, and the 7. In what way does a community

worlds yet to be, homecoming benefit both the communHere's eternity endless; amen. Come to ity and the homecomers?

me. 8. What organizations, civic and ecclesiastical, may unite in providing for comCome to me, all ye faithful and blest of munity homecoming?

Nauvoo, 9. Discuss this problem: School

Come, ye Twelve, and ye High Priests, homecomings have two great objects, and Seventies, too, the promotion of alumni gatherings and

Come, ye Elders, and all of the great the fostering of the institution.

company, 10. Where was the first great family

When your work you have finished on homecoming held, and what is yet to earth, come to me. take place there? (For description of

this place see Church History, Vol. 3,

Come to me; here's the future, the prespages 3440.)

ent, and past, 11. Which two lines of the hymn,

Here is Alpha, Omega, the first and the "Come to me"would be your choice for last, a memory gem?

Lesson XX.—Neighbourliness

in mean the social application of the Introduction.—Neighborliness

this lesson shall stand for civil. Golden Rule. Neighborliness made

peaceful, kind, helpful treatment up of such conduct is man's part of one person by another, it shall of making the millennium; it repSOURCES OF JOY AND FACOTRS OF HAPPINESS 439

resents the Abou Ben Adam side would no more make the highway of salvation. unsightly than he would litter his

Neighborliness does not stop at own walk. His anxiety for the rereciprocity; it carries over into the turn of that which he borrows far

field of sympathy and sacrifice. It exceeds his eagerness to borrow.

invests in a helpfulness that holds He helps without humiliating; his

out no promise of dividend in favors are all barbless.

kind. In its most enduring form it

His Social Neighbors.—He makesis wisely forbearing and juneighbors whose neighborliness isdiciously generous, and while it

chiefly social. They become hiswould rather suffer than do wrong,

through the art of consistent enit guards against an endurance tertainment. With such he neverwhich becomes injurious. Neighstoops except to lift. He does notborliness has no hatchets buried

rob his neighbors of sleep throughwith the handles sticking out.

the medium of a barking dog, nor Making Good Neighbors.—The does he steal his neighbor's gardengood neighbor never hunts good

truck by means of unpenned chickneighbors, he makes them. He

ens. In the social sea, keeping hisnever leaves a neighborhood withhead above the waves, he becomesout carrying neighborliness with

is hail felhim. He makes neighbors of sev- a center of safety. He low well met, always on high eral types, but all good. ground. He might be consistently His Intellectual Neighbors.—He cartooned as bighearted, but never

finds material for intellectual as bigheaded. He makes a neighneighbors, he makes them through bor of the newcomer, by calling

an exchange of ideas, taking care upon him and by extending cordial that the bartering is not onesided greetings at casual meetings, by inby having the questions all on one viting him into his home. He also side and the information all on the invites his neighbor to affiliate

other. He talks with and not to with organizations with which he

his neighbors in the making. In has membership, and he is eshis friendly visits he does not make pecially solicitous of his neighbor overdraughts upon his welcome in cases of trouble, such as sickaccount; he does not strain the ness and death.

confidence of his neighbor to the breaking point by confessing other His Religious Neighbors.—Our

people's sins. He makes of his good neighbormaker gives evineighbor an intellectual comrade, dence of spiritual sincerity, with

even though that neighbor cannot no air of selfrighteousness. He

become his peer. loves his God and worships him in

his own way. To him, as a ChristHis Business Neighbors.—He

makes neighbors by minding his ian, the keeping of the second own business, keeping his credit great law requires the keeping of giltedged, caring for the property the first. He knows that to hoe in

mow held in common with his neighhis garden, repair his fence, bors as he cares for his own. He his lawn, or do any other avoidable

440 IMPROVEMENT ERA

weekday work on a Sunday, not diate and prospective, here and beonly gives evidence of a disregard yond.

for Deity, but it is positively unSuggestions.—Have someone

neighborly in any Christian comread, sing, or recite the hymn, "A munity. The good neighbor keeps poor wayfaring man of grief."The

the Sabbath day holy. If he inreciting of "Abou Ben Adam"

vites his njeighbor to attend his would also be appropriate.

church, he is not above accepting Problems and Questions an invitation to attend his neighbor's church. He courts relig- 1. Give Webster's definition of neighborliness.

ious conversation, but avoids 2. What does neighborliness mean in

heated discussion of religious subthis lesson?

jects. In friendly argument he 3. How did Christ answer the lawis my neighbor?"emphasizes 'the beauties of his yer's question, "Who

Luke 10:2536.

faith and leaves the defects of his 4. Why is the following desk sign unneighbor's belief to be seen necessary for a good neighbor, "This is

through silent comparison. Neither my busy day"?

his neighbors nor his neighbor's 5. Illustrate helping without humiliatchildren hear him use with irreving.6. Why is a violation of the Sabbath

erence the name of God. Whatday unneighborly in a Christian comever his religion requires, he gives munity?

evidence of trying to do; whatever 7. What is religious aloofness, and

how does it affect neighborliness?his religion forbids, from that he

refrains. He keeps the command- 8. Discuss disturbance of the peace by

ment recorded in Matt. 5:16. His dogs.9. Have a fourminute talk or a fiveneighborliness is a source of joy minute paper on the neglected newand a factor of happiness, immecomer.

Lesson XXL—Obedience

In its widest sense, obedience the greater the liberty, and that means the yielding of one thing to the only way to become a beneanother voluntarily, involuntarily, ficiary of any law is to obey it, and or nonvoluntarily. We voluntarthat the more perfect the obediily extend a cordial greeting to a ence, the greater the gift of the

friend, we involuntarily scowl at law. Obedience, then, is the acthe approach of an enemy, we nonceptance of opportunity to be free

voluntarily absorb heat. In any and, therefore, to be happy.

case we obey law. The universe is Willing or acquiescent obedigoverned by law. As a whole it ence is doubly fruitful as a factor

obeys the law of its existence and of happiness. It yields happiness

each part obeys the law of the in the act as well as in the results whole. Law reigns everywhere and of the act. It is a condition of

obedience is compliance with law. joy in the pursuit, and satisfaction

Liberty, being one of the highest in the possession. The direction of

conditions of life, it is well to reone's willing obedience determines member that the higher the law the objects of his love; under the

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACOTRS OF HAPPINESS 441 law, which we grow to love in the family brings distress upon the endirection of our willing service and tire family. The return of the

acquiescent obedience, is service prodigal could not compensate for for the sake of service as wlell as all the distress that his disobedifor the object of service. ence had caused. He not only

To determine whom or what we squandered his share of the family will obey is to decide whom or substance, but he cut down the what we shall love. joyincome of the whole houseObedience as a Source of Indihold. The prodigal was brought

vidual Happiness.—Upward obediback to heaven's highway, not by

ence is power. Cooperation of the divine coercion, but by the buffetindividual with something greater ings of Satan.

increases not only the freedom of The group can be saved from the individual, but his power to itself only through the obedience act. In an act of obedience, thereof the individuals to the group

fore, one is greater than himself, rules. In democracies, if the highhe is all of himself plus the reinest form of liberty is to be enjoyed,

forcement that comes through his the group, while in a reflective union with that which he obeys. mood, when reason and judgment

As with agency or authority so are in the ascendency, frame conwith obedience, they each and both stitutions and enact laws that shall make us more than we possibly prevent or at least check the going could be without them. Through to ruin at times when the passions

obedience to law one has the benetemporarily rise to the ascendfit of the operations of the law; ency; and these legislative provisand through obedience to authorions for obedience are to the exity, one has the benefit of the inistence and freedom and happiness

telligence and the experience beof the group what the rudder is hind the authority. To refuse obeto the ship in fair weather, and

dience to authority is to lose an what the anchor is in storm; and

opportunity of investing one's the member of the group who reagency, intelligence, and ability fuses obedience to these proviswith the agency, intelligence, and ions for progress and safety, and ability of a greater than one's own seeks to nullify them, is like one ability or authority. who would break the rudder or

Every act of obedience to law cut the anchor cable of the ship on and authority is a prophecy of which he rides. A sense of safety

success. It is nature's declaration is psychic salvation, and salvation

of a fitness to survive, and fitness is a synonym for happiness.

of survival is a high source of joy. It is said that a good thing can

An unerring prophecy of success be done in such a bad way that is, to say the least, a factor of prosthe method makes it bad, and the pective happiness. nullifying of an unwise law by anObedience as a Source of Haparchistic procedure is a case of the

cure being worse than the disease;piness to the Group.—Disobedience of a single member of the and the sorrowproduct of the pro442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cedure is more than the joyprod- John 14:15; 15:10. Behind this

uct of the results; and, therefore, declaration is the law of growth

it is fundamentally wrong. Nulliin the direction of service. We

fication at best stabs patriotism to grow to love the objects of our reach the end that should be willing service, and willing obedisought only through revision or ence is the highest form of serrepeal. vice.

In case of conflict, where the The privilege of mortal existchoice of necessity must be made, ence was based upon premortal it were well always to remember obedience. Pearl of Great Price,

the wisdom of him who said at the "Book of Abraham,"3:24, 25, 26.

gates of Capernaum, "Render unto It would seem that it is perfectly

Caesar that which is Caesar's, and safe theologically to declare that unto God that which is God's."no one can be saved in disobediThe history of the Latterday ence, but through obedience, both

Saints furnishes a most striking exsalvation and exaltation are made ample of the perpetuity of that certain.

policy. Questions and Problems

If obedience leaves a household, 1. Show that obedience is the first law

unhappiness enters; if it flees a of heaven. Give reasons for answer.

country, safety follows it. 2. Discuss this proposition: As the essence of crime is intention, so the effiObedience and Religion.—It was

the disobedience, and not the fruit, cacy of ordinance depends upon obedience.

that caused man's spiritual death 3. Where is this saying, and what cirin Eden. No number of unofficial cumstance brought it forth, "Obedience is

or unwilling baptisms could have better than sacrifice"?

resulted in man's spiritual rebirth. 4. Show that the absence of obedience

results in social chaos.

President Young is quoted as hav- 5. Why is there more freedom in taking said, "As well baptize a bag of ing counsel than in obeying commands?

sand as an unrepentant person."6. What kind of disobedience may fitThere can be no such thing as tingly be called the "seeds of anarchy"?

7. Show that obedience is a source of

coerced conversion. The one great immediate individual joy, and that

call heavenward is, "Son, give me group happiness depends upon obedithine heart."ence?

Before it was said of mankind, 8. Give scriptural proof that obedi-

"They shall have joy,"it was deence9. Proveis a principlethe impotencyof the gospel.of faith withclared, "They shall be obedient."out obedience.

Pearl of Great Price, "Book of 10. Show that obedience to law govAbraham,"chapter 4:31. The erns both the giving and the receiving of

fundamental object of man's exblessing. Doctrine and Covenants, 130:

20. 21. istence is joy, but obedience is the 11. Connect up Pearl of Great Price,

only roadway to that goal. Heaven Book of Abraham, Chap. 4:25 with the

without a love for God does not following definition of instincts: "Inexist, and the declaration of the stincts are blind impulses leading to wise

Redeemer on this point is, "If ye ends."12. Distinguish between blind obedilove me, keep my commandments."ence and the obedience of confidence.

Seven Gospel Fundamentals A Study for the Joint Senior M. I. A. Class for April and May, 1922

Introduction There is Divine Authority It is recommended that the senClass leaders should aim to have as ior classes of the Y. M. M. I. A. many as possible of the members relate

and Y. L. M. I. A. unite and coninstances of the manifestation of divine

authority, preferably those which havesider these topics and outlines occurred in the present period of the jointly. They should not be preChurch, as, for example: power and desented in the usual lesson or lecvelopment which have come to men who

ture form, but rather in the nature have received the Priesthood, fulfilled promises in patriarchal blessings, healingof an open forum or free, roundof the sick, etc. Simple incidents may be

table discussion. The aim should as effective as more remarkable ones. A

be to get as many as possible of careful assignment should be made in the young people to participate. order to insure participation.

To stimulate discussion, the followingIt is suggested that each week sevoutline is given:

eral members of the class (at least What is authority? What is the

five young men and five young authority of superior knowledge?

women) be assigned to lead out in Explain delegated authority. Why

the giving of personal experiences, is divine authority indispensable in working out the plan of salvaor to prepare the incidents and iltion? Show how divine authority

lustrations referred to in the outwas given for each fundamental lines. step in the history of the Church.

Illustrate the power of ai thority from:

Young people of senior age can a. The Old Testament; b. The New Testabe appealed to through topics of ment; c. The Book of Mormon; d. The

a spiritual nature; intelligent disHistory of the Church; e. Personal expecussion of religion never fails to riences among class members, or others.

interest them. If you have returned missionaries who are or II Be Believingshould be members of the Senior

classes, make use of them in these Let the members of the class give experiences in the exercise of faith in God, in discussions. The principles of the the atonement of Jesus Christ, and in ihe

gospel here treated are vital. They restoration of the gospel to the prophet

are as applicable today in the lives Joseph Smith, either personal, or those of of the Latterday Saints as at any other people, which have resulted in its increase in their lives and actions. This

time in history. discussion should occupy most of the peWhere the young men are diriod. Try to have all members particividing their lesson time, they pate.

should be given the privilege of Outline to assist in the discussion: Show how faith is developed. Show

meeting separately, if they so dewhy it is necessary to understand sire. the attributes of God in order to

444 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have faith in him. What is meant IV

by the statement that faith is a principle of power? Illustrate. On Godly Sorrow

what evidence does faith in God The major portion of the class period rest? Prove that faith in God and is to be spent by the members in relating

in the atonement of his Son Jesus incidents of repentance from their own

Christ is essential to progress and experience, either personal, or which to ultimate salvation. Show that have come under their observation. Often

faith is a gift from God. Show those of the simplest nature may be most

that true faith finds expression in effective.

action.

Helps to the discussion:

References: Talmage's Articles of Explain the meaning of repentance.

Faith, Lecture 5. Book of Mormon, Point out the beauty of this prinAlma 14:2629; Helarm.n 5:2052. Old ciple, its saving power, its continand New Testaments. Church History. ued necessity. Show the difference between a "Godly Sorrow"

Ill and the "Sorrow of the World."

Communion with God (II Cor. 7:10.) Show the steps in

repentance. (See Outlines for

Open the class period by a recital in TeacherTraining, 1922, p. 42.)

concert of the Lord's Prayer. Instances of repentance, David's reFor the consideration of this topic evpentance, Psalms 25; 38:1-6; 51; Alma's

ery member should be able to bring to. repentance, Mos. 27, especially verses 24class a story or incident showing the ef28; the repentance of Oliver Cowdery,

ficacy of prayer. Encourage the telling Era, Vol. 24, p. 620, and also Journal,

of simple, everyday personal experiences. May, 1921, p. 315.

Make careful assignment. Preachers of repentance: John the

Outline to aid the discussion: Baptist, Matt. 3:1-12; the Apostle Peter,

What is prayer? Prayer is communion Acts 2:3840; 3.19; Alma, 5:1526; 9:29,

with God; it is the soul's sincere desire. 30; III Nephi 7:1626; Luther; Joseph

There are prayers of praise, thanksgivSmith.

ing, pleading, supplication, confession.

Prayer of desire the commonest form:

people pray oftenest when they want something, or when they are in distress. The Way to Success

Prayer of praise. Illustration: Psalms

of David. Spend the greater portion of the time

There should be mental preparation in relating instances of success which for prayer. Humility, purity, and unhave come through obedience. If parselfishness should be conditions attendents, grandparents, or others of the older

ant on prayer. Effort should accompany members of the Church are consulted,

prayer. and incidents obtained from them, a

Effect of prayer on the individual. wealth of choice material may be brought Value of prayer habit—"Prayer will to the class.

keep a man from sin, and sin will keep Outline: Show that obedience is one

a man from prayer."President Brigham of the fundamental principles of the gosYoung. pel. See this Era, pp. 440-2.

Explain what it means to "pray unDiscuss obedience: a. To parents; b.

ceasingly."To secular authority; c. To the counsels

Are prayers answered? Give inciof the Church.

dents. Show how there can be no order withWhy are prayers sometimes unanout obedience.

swered? Examples of obedience in ancient

Read "A Place of Prayer,"and an times: a. Adam's obedience, Pearl

article on "Prayer,"pp. 383, 38592 of this of Great Price, Mos. 5:5-6. b. Abissue of the Era, also story, pp. 424-8. raham's obedience, Gen. 12:1-14,

SEVEN GOSPEL FUNDAMENTALS 445

Pearl of Great Price, Abraham, 2: Doc. and Cov. 64:2324; 97:11; 119:1-7;

3, 4. c. Lehi's obedience, I Nephi Articles of Faith, pages 448, 449.)

2:2-3. d. Nephi's obedience, I NeExplain the benefits of tithepaying to

phi 3 and 4. e. The widow womthe individual.

an's obedience, I Kings 17:1016. Explain the benefits of this law to the

Examples of obedience in modern Church—the purposes for which tithing

times: Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, is used.

Heber C. Kimball, Life of Heber C.

Kimball, p. 275-6. VII

Blessings promised the obedient: a. To

Abraham, Gen. 22:1518. b. To all who Missionary Experiences

obey the law of tithing, Mai. 3:10. c. To

all who keep the Word of Wisdom, Doc. At the close of this course, a most

and Cov. 89:1821. profitable hour may be spent in the recital of missionary experiences, showing

VI the power of the Priesthood, the loving watchcare of the Lord for his servants,

The Lord's Portion the kindness of the people towards the elders, the joy that comes through serThe entire class should relate instances vice. Returned missionaries will rejoice

showing the satisfaction and blessing rein the opportunity of attending this class sulting from the honest payment of tithand relating their experiences. Others

ing. who have not been upon missions may

Suggestions to aid in the discussion: tell of incidents related to them by fathThe principle of tithing was wisely iners or brothers or friends in the field. It

stituted by the Lord, (a) as a means of is realized that most of our returned mischaracter development in the tithepayer, s'onaries are members (or should be) of and (b) as a means of providing for the the Advanced Senior Class, and it is not financial security of the Church. the intention to disturb that class, but

The individual who keeps the law of there may be yet others in the ward, tithing is putting himself in a position not identified with Mutual, who would to grow in brotherly kindness, and he appreciate being invited to this session may rest assured that his name is written of the Senior Class and to participate in in the books from which he will be the discussion.

judged. "He that is tithed shall not In many wards of the Church splendid

be burned at his coming."Doc. and Cov. home missionary work is being carried

64:23. on, attended by experiences which have

Explain that an accurate tithing is onegreatly increased the faith and joy of tenth of one's increase; any amount less those participating. These may profitthan onetenth is not a tithing. ably be related.

Give historical instances of tithepay- Discuss the question: What can be

ing and blessings promised therefor. (See done generally to promote the same misGen. 14:1820; 28:2022; Deut. 14:2228; sionary spirit at home as in the field?

Contrast

There is nothing so well but it could be better;

There is nothing so bad but it could be worse.

There is none of us perfect in deed or in letter,

And few of us "good"till we ride in a hearse.

But man does not judge the heart, you know, 'Tis God alone knows our intent,

He watches and guards us here below,

And claims a reck'ning for talent's lent.

Enoch Jorgensen, B. S.

The Man the Bears Wouldn't Eat

By H. R. Merrill, of the Brigham Young University

lAs I was recently sitting in a moving picture show in Grace, a small town in the southeastern part of the state of Idaho, a local advertisement was flashed upon the screen. It read:

William Vaughan, Shoemaker, "The Man The Bears Wouldn't Eat;"

Shoes repaired while you wait.

I smelled a story. Consequently, I sought Mr. Vaughan

early next morning and drew from him this unusual tale.

"About thirtynine and a half years ago—I am now

carried away by an old shebear from whom I wasone—I was fortylater rescued by the neighbors, after having been in her possession nearly twenty hours. John Allsop, the manager of the

picture show, was one of the rescuing party, therefore, when I came back here and began business, he added that line on my ad.""Then the statement is really true?"I inquired.

"I suppose so,"he replied. "Here I am."

"Certainly an unusual story,"I responded. "It is a wonder

that you are alive."

"Oh, not very much of a wonder,"he replied. "A bear is

as playful as a growing puppy. She merely wished to play

with me. She had no intention of harming me."

Give me the details of this strange adventure,"I suggested.

"Not much to it,"he declared, rather embarrassedly. "What

I know I only have from hearsay. You'd better go over and

have Allsop tell it to you."

After another importunity he began this brief but rather interesting account: "When I was about eighteen months old

my parents, my brothers and sisters, and I lived over in the mouth of one of those big canyons about seven miles from here. We had no very near neighbors in those days. Our house

which was built of logs, stood near quite a dense growth of quakingasp trees (quaking aspens). One day while mother was

washing behind the house in the shade, my brothers and sisters started over to one of the neighbors to play. It is thought that

I attempted to follow. Anyway, after a little time, mother

came around the house to look for us. Upon discovering that

we were gone she started to hunt us. She followed my tracks in

the dust to a nearby cornfield where they disappeared among the gigantic tracks made very recently by a bear. Mother's

heart almost failed her. She searched here and there, but was

unable to locate me, although she was half expecting to find

MAN THE BEARS WOULDN'T EAT 447 my mangled body at any moment. This was about 4 p. m. As

soon as she discovered that I was really gone she rushed over to the neighbors, about a quarter of a mile away, and told them that I was missing. The neighbor immediately placed a boy on

a horse and sent him down the valley (Gentile Valley) to give the alarm while he went with mother and began a search.

Soon, twelve men, all of the male residents of the valley, had arrived upon the scene when a more careful and systematic search was begun. For some reason it was impossible to trace

the bear, although all felt that she had something to do with my disappearance. Nearly all of the searchers thought they

would find mere fragments of me as they believed the bear would eat me.

"All night long the search continued and still I was not found. Of course, mother was nearly frantic. The searchers

worked in ever widening circles with the house as the center, having the understanding that whoever found me was to fire his gun as a signal. About ten o'clock the following morning

a man by the name of E. Goaslind, now dead, found me and fired

the signal shot. They found me in a little clearing among the

quaking asps, about three and a half miles from the house.

Signs that the old bear had been with me very recently—she was

probably scared away by the approach of the searchers—were

very numerous. Mr. Goasling said I was sleeping peacefully in

a little prepared nest, and that I was not injured in anyway except for a small scratch across one cheek where some thorn or bush had scratched me, as I was being carried through the brush., searchers "Of course mother was overjoyed, and all of the were delighted. Some old hunters among them stated that the

bear, in a playful, motherly mood, had carried me away and probably would have merely gone and left me when tired of her plaything. John Allsop, manager of the picture show, was

there when I was found. If you wish to hear his story I am

sure he will tell it to you."

I later interviewed Mr. Allsop who corroborated Mr.

Vaughan's statement.

I asked Mr. Vaughan if he had any peculiar feelings toward

bears. He replied: "I have been with hunting parties and

have seen bears killed, but I have never shot at nor attempted to

I have a sort of injure a bear of any kind anywhere. Somehow

feeling that they are sacred to me. I would almost as soon shoot

a human being as a bear, especially a grizzly bear, as it was a grizzly that carried me off. If she was ever killed, I never

i heard of it."

Provo, Utah A Trip to Haleakala (The largest extinct volcano in the world!

By Ora Haven Barlow

"There's sunshine in the heart of me,

My blood sings in the breeze;

The mountains are a part of me,

I'm fellow to the trees.

"In every throbbing vein of me,

I feel the fast Earthcall;

body, heart and brain of me, Praise Him who made it all!"

. Service.—Robert W

A trip to Haleakala! This was the thought suggested by

President E. Wesley Smith, of the Latterday Saints'Hawaiian

mission to the elders of Maui, while he was on that island attending the semiannual conferences. Of course, everyone was enthusiastic, because all would be disappointed if they should

leave Maui for some other island or home probably, without seeing the big crater, Haleakala.

So, accordingly, Thursday evening, October 27, 1921, President and Sister Smith, together with nine of us elders, two being natives, were at the ranch home of Brother and Sister

Ako, at the foot of the alluring slopes. Mules and horses sufficient to accommodate all had been secured. Eight a. m.

Friday saw a file of us riders awakening the mountain road leading to the summit of the crater, which lay along a deepblue bulwark, against the morning sky. There were to be twelve

miles of incessant climbing at a grade ranging from eight to ten degrees at the bottom, but which would gradually increase. So

the animals were not crowded at first, were such a thing possible with the persistent quadrupeds known as mules. They

had "enjoyed"the trip too many times to be as enthusiastic as their anxious human burdens.

AH about and above us were rolling, ascending hills, grassy slopes to be sure, but with abundant evidences of overlapping lava flows, which were belched forth from their prison of fire, ages ago. Clumps of eucalyptus trees could be seen, now and

then, grouped together in the distance. The largest of these,

the "kamaainas"(old timers) pointed out as Olinda, from

A TRIP TO HALEAKALA 449

"We saw the sand cones which appeared like mole hills but in reality ranged from four to nine hundred feet in height and are the last remnants of the aweinspiring fire that played hundreds of years ago."

which we would secure the keys to the mountain "Rest House"at the summit. Reaching this place, we left the wide road and

took to the trail up through the pastures.

The higher we mounted, the more beautiful did the vast carpet area of central and west Maui seem. Each nook and bay

could be readily distinguished and each little village pointed out. The white breakers, in their morning rage, appeared to us

as only broad, blanched lines along the shore, lifeless in the distance. Clouds, like fresh piled snow, lay sleeping on the summit of the West Mauri range, which was about twentyfive miles

away, while their resultant shadows far below, covered the mountain gulches and villages. Wailuku, the largest city of

Maui, could faintly be seen at the edge of the shade.

We turned to the slopes above. A mist like an approaching

stormcloud had appeared to the east, and with long, feathery hands was writhingly reaching out and gradually cohering the hillside. The grass had become thinner and the shrubbery

scarcer. The trail had been getting more rocky and the animals

had settled down to the monotonous upward tread. Even we

riders had been growing indifferent to the jog, jog, jog.

And then came the mist upon us when we were five miles from the summit. At first it was merely comfortable, but as it

continued, and as we climbed higher, it became colder and colder, until it fairly pierced the bone. And during the re450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mainder of the ascent it hung about us. On we induced our

tired beasts over slippery rocks thinking of nothing but "excelsior."

When the "Rest House"was at last reached, each with a sigh, unsaddled his brute and placed him in the shelter of a rockbuilt stable covered with corrugated iron roofing, and then quickly sought the sturdy cement wall of our own abode. A

fire was kindled after much exertion, for the mist that chilled us had also dampened the wood which we were forced to carry from two miles below, practically no vegetation grows at the top. It was two o'clock and we had been climbing six hours.

After a delicious luncheon, which Sisters Smith and Ako had prepared, together with plenty of hot postum, oh, how relieved and satisfied we felt, physically! But we were much disappointed mentally, for the mist lay all afternoon and darkness came on without giving us even a glimpse of the big pit.

So we contented ourselves with hugging the fire and playing games for the misty night air ten thousand feet above the sea was chilly after we had lived down where one is never cold.

Blankets and cots were furnished at the house, so the bed was sought early after the climb.

But while we slept, an angel crept

And drew away the pall, And the stars did flare with a torchlight glare,

Till the heavens seemed to call.

So it was a more jolly crowd of missionaries that arose early at someone's call to see the dawn. The new moon had

arisen with two bright morning stars in a straight line above it, while at her feet all the mists of the night before lay curled up, dozing like sheep asleep. "On top of the world"was a

fitting expression, for it is seldom one has the privilege of seeing a sea of clouds below him. Never a move did they make

and gradually the east became brighter, the hidden sun shooting huge broad rays, divulging where he was below the mountain peaks.

The two large gaps in the volcano, Koolau or Keanae and

Kaupo, could be seen. These gaps were formed during the life

of the volcano by two sides of the crater giving way and the molten lava rushing through them into the sea. This is why

Haleakala is different from other volcanic mountains of the islands, it being hollow, a bowl two thousand five hundred feet deep, while the craters of most of the others have been obliterated, or nearly so, by their being filled up with lava before their extinction.

"See the sun!"The first rays had shot out from their

A TRIP TO HALEARALA 451

hiding and were shining down on the backs of the dozing cloudsheep. 'Twas the shepherd's call, for almost immediately

they became restless, moving and jostling to and fro. Then

the mists began to arise from among them and were wafted down through the crater and out and away by the morning wind, while fresh clouds seemed to take their places from the eastland fold.

The weather conditions were not at their best. Therefore,

few were the glimpses we caught of the crater itself. Between

cloud banks we saw the sand cones which appeared like mole hills, but in reality ranged from four to nine hundred feet in

* '. *? '?L>- ajvvlStrfVv

President and Mrs. E. Wesley Smith, and Hawaiian Brother John Kaleikini. Elder Leo Van Wagoner took the picture which was taken near the

top of the crater.

height, and are the last remnants of the aweinspiring fire that played hundreds of years ago. The far edge of the crater appeared apparently near in the morning air, but was really nine

miles away, while it is nearly twentyfive miles around the pit.

Far beyond, we saw the majestic tips of Mauna Kea, Mualala, and Mauna Loa all volcanic peaks on the island of Hawaii, the latter being just one hundred miles away, and the former at least seventyfive. Such is the lucidity of the high atmosphere. The

immensity of the crater does not appal one until it is realized that a city the size of the Island of Manhattan could be comfortably placed therein. The whole of Salt Lake City would

not be able to cover its volcanic floor. Far down yet on the

near side, we saw moving specks, and taking the field glasses, discerned plainly the little wild black and white goats climb452 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing on rocky perches or nipping at the scarce and dwarfed shrubbery existing on the ashy plains beneath.

While the mountain and crater is known as Hal-e-a-kala, i. e., Houseof-thesun, legends bear out the fact that it should

be Aleheka-la, i. e., Sunsnarer, because it is here that the Hawaiians localize the sun snaring legend which is told among the

Polynesians and Indians.

But to our breakfast we hastened, after which we swept and left the guest house in order; saddled our "hokies"(mules) and

horses, and began the long downward fall to the sea, having the satisfaction that we had seen Haleakala, the greatest extinct crater in the world.

Wailuku, Maui, T. H. Nov. 12, 1921

M. I. A. Scouts Enjoy "Good Turn'

The Scouts'"Good turn"practiced by troop 5, M. I. A. Scouts of the

Bingham stake, resulted in the collection of 410 articles of toys and clothing and their distribution to the poor families of the ward by the

Relief Society. The troop composed of 23 boys, under the able leadership of Scoutmaster Leonard G. Fox, determined early in December to

gladden the homes of the poor for Christmas. The ward was dis'ricted

by the patrol leaders and the boys divided into pairs of two. Hand

sleighs were used in most cases.

The results were amazing. The material received included 214 articles of clothing for men and boys, 102 articles of clothing for women

and girls, 30 articles for children and babies, 64 toys, 20 quarts of fruif and vegetables, and 100 pounds of potatoes. The pictures show the boys

collecting and distributing the gifts. Many a heart was gladdened, but

most of all the boys thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity for rendering service. J.'O. Ellsworth, Deputy Special Field Scout Commissioner.

The Duty of Cheerfulness

By Dr. Frank L. West, Director, Division of Interior Instruction,

Utah Agricultural College

We ought to be as cheerful as we can, not only for our own sakes but for the benefit of those around us. The most effective way to make others happy is just to be happy ourselves.

A genuine smile is appealing and contagious.

Have you not noticed how much a cheerful friend is like a sunny days that sheds brightness all around? Such a one is

obliging, kind, and pleasing. Let us make our neighborhood

brighter, happier and better because we are there.

To be bright and cheerful sometimes requires an effort.

In fact it is an art to keep ourselves happy. We need to watch

and manage ourselves almost as if we were some one else.

When annoying things have happened, or misfortunes have overtaken us, then we must act as if we are truly happy by singing some cheerful song, telling a funny but clean story, or counting our many blessings. In this manner we will force the

thought of our recent reverses out of our minds, and we will soon find ourselves actually happy. The cheerfulness which

was at first forced will thereby become free and natural.

Nothing is gained by becoming despondent and discouraged, thus appearing to others sad. A frown is ugly, a scowl

disagreeable, sour,forbidding, a grouch abhorrent—a crabbed,

sullen, illnatured one is hideous and repulsive.

To talk about our troubles makes us live through them once more and makes us more unhappy. Then, too, it makes those

who listen unhappy. It therefore serves no useful purpose, is

unfair and unkind to the one who hears and therefore should not be engaged in. We have no right to make others sad. Besides, some of our reverses are often blessings in disguise.

Thorny paths, full of obstacles, call forth patient endurance, stimulate greater effort and produce strength. Some of the

most attractive and lovely spirits are those who have had much trouble and have not succumbed and had their spirit broken, but have overcome.

To be happy and hopeful in the face of great trials and difficulties requires courage. The real test of a man is this.

still take heart?How many times can he take a drubbing and

The world has only contempt for the quitter. Man has not yet

454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

contrived a substitute for determination, nor a machine that can produce artificial courage. When drenched with trouble

and despair, we need to keep our jaw squared and our wills dogged. We must demonstrate that we are daring, selfreliant,

plucky, fighting men. We should never give up, but play the

of nothing except cowardice.game to the very end—afraid

Let us not brood over fond hopes, unrealized, but be as nature intended us to be—fountain springs of cheerfulness. We

should forget our blunders and start each day serenely and well and with a high, carefree spirit.

Those who desire to be cheerful must not be sensitive but be sensible. A man needs enough selfconfidence to keep himself sweet. He will not then chafe under the obstinate questionings as to his own worth, or be depressed by the thought

of his defects, or sensitive to the random attacks of criticism;

not quick to take offense nor fearful lest he be unequal to any emergency. Hope and confidence (not boastfulness) breed optimism, earnestness, and enthusiasm; and enthusiasm is like

steam in the boiler, or like juice in the trolley wire. Believe in

yourself. If you are competent you can and will repeat your

former success.

Those who succeed are usually cheerful and hopeful. They

go about their business with a light heart and radiant countenance, and take the changes and chances of life like men. Let us

selfforget-wear the smile that suggests wellbeing—the peace of

fulness.

What if we have suffered financial losses and have become encumbered with debt! Very few, if any, are actually suffering from cold and hunger. Too much lamentation might indicate that our hearts are set too fully on earthly treasures, rather

than on eternal riches. How happy we should be when we

consider the many blessings that are ours. We live in the best

country in the world. We have the true and everlasting gospel

which has brought us joy and holds bright hopes and promises for the future. Unexcelled schools and libraries are ours. We

have health, good, peaceful homes, friends and loved ones. How

great would the loss be if we had to part with but one of these.

How thankful we should be that the great war was so successfully terminated, and that the influenza scourge has passed by.

Let us then maintain a brave, resigned and hopeful spirit, "have faith where we cannot understand, travel the hardest road with patience, and carry unto the dark places the light of a cheerful heart."

Logan, Utah ruiHij IVTobacco and the Public Schools

When we take into account the fact that the tobacco habit lowers the moral nature and helps young men down the ladder of life to poverty, leanness of intellect, and shame, we may well agree that the tobacco evil is one of the greatest problems in America today. One of the remedies is the public school

system. It may well be said that it is almost impossible to

convert a tobacco user from the filthy habit after he has become addicted to the dirt of nicotine. One of the difficulties

in the way of reform in the matter of the use of tobacco is the many men who are addicted to the habit, and who therefore stand as advocates of the evil. In their minds anyone who

seeks to eliminate the evil is a fanatic and is held in contempt by them. This, with the amount of money that is at the command of workers for nicotine, stands largely in the way of

any effort that people who are not in favor of tobacco may exercise, to drive the stuff out of existence, or to compel the observance of law and decency in regard to smoking and other uses of tobacco in public places.

One remedy at hand in the right direction is our public school system. Perhaps it is not generally known that every

'state in the Union has a law requiring scientific temperance instruction in the public schools, which includes instruction concerning the nature and effects of tobacco. If all the educators

of the land were in harmony with the elimination of tobacco and its nonuse among the human race the proper training could be given in the schools to this desirable end. The use

of tobacco would thus in time be abandoned by choice by new generations entirely familiar with its degenerating effects.

citiWe hope that all Latterday Saints and all other good zens of the land who love boys and girls, and who are interested in the future of their beloved America will do their best to have this remedy applied. In the Y. M. M. I. A. "We stand for

loyal citizenship.""We stand for the nonuse and the nonsale

of tobacco."

I. A. report for January, We notice that in the Y. M. M.

only 34 out of the 83 stakes of Zion reporting were efficient 456 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in work on the slogans. For March let us get busy looking into

the actions of the public grade and high schools on the subject of tobacco.

Let our officers enquire if the schools in their communities are giving the required instruction upon this subject. Also, if

there are any teachers who use tobacco, and are thus disqualified from teaching its evil effects. Here is the opportunity

for a special effort for the officers to promote the slogan by using personal appeal to school boards, teachers, and the press, to advocate and put into effect the remedy suggested. Petitions

should be circulated, asking each school board that instructions concerning the nature and effects of tobacco be emphasized in every school in letter and in spirit. All good citizens should

insist that the children shall know the truth about tobacco, and that they shall obtain this information in the public schools as provided by law. We are wholly convinced that one or

two generations of well informed children would let the sunlight of truth prove the short cut to tobacco prohibition. A.

The Vacuum Tube Amplifier

Notice that heading again. What is it? It is the greatest

scientific wonder of the century in electricity. It is about the

size of an ordinary incandescent light bulb, and may be smaller or larger. It is so arranged that a feeble energy coming in by

one wire is increased to a shout coming out at another. A

whisper is increased to a shout, a "still small voice,"to an outcry in clarity as well as volume.

What will it do? The inventor, Earl C. Hanson, a Californian, born some 29 years ago, says in the February number

of the American Magazine that "it will help the deaf to hear;

make the human voice audible across the continent—even

around the globe; enable vessels to find their way through

fog and darkness; save the lives of people in aeroplanes; make

wireless telegraphy far more efficient; help to win wars; enable

one person to talk directly to thousands in an ordinary tone of as it enabled President Harding to talk to 100,000voice—just

people at his inauguration, and on Armistice Day."One unit

of electrical energy, it is stated, is increased ten times by means of the vacuum tube amplifier. By using sets of these tubes, the

voice can be magnified more than a million times. Passing

energy successfully through six of these tubes you will have amplified a million times the gentlest whisper of the spheres, and so "listen to sounds which no human ears have heard since

EDITORS'TABLE 45?

the world began. It may be that we shall actually be able to

hear things growing, and to listen to the changes taking place in matter."

It was not possible to telephone across the continent until the vacuum tube amplifier made it so. Now, by using the

amplifier, one can talk over a telephone from New York to San

Francisco, and, by using several, even around the earth. By the

installation of proper instruments and the use of these amplifiers, it is possible to telephone by wireless so that one's voice may be heard distinctly by thousands long distances away. Already, in this country, people are delivering their messages by

means of the wireless telephone in connection with the amplifier in different cities, hundreds of miles away from the places where they are located. It is not impossible that, by 1925, or

sooner, the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints may be able to deliver his sermons in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle and be heard by congregations assembled in every settlement of the Church from Canada to Mexico, and from

California to Colorado. There are a thousand thoughts that

arise in the mind in contemplation of this most wonderful instrument and the possibilities arising therefrom. One may well

exclaim, "What hath God wrought!"In this connection, let

us remember also that, if man can invent instruments to serve him in this wonderful achievement, how easy it is for God, with his greater knowledge, not only to communicate with man by his "still small voice,"in case where man by righteousness has attuned his soul to receive his whisperings, but also for him to hear and answer man's earnest petitions sent out in prayer to God. A.

Books

Official Announcement

We have pleasure in announcing new issues of the Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl of Great Price, with doublecolumn pages, index and other helps, all conforming in general to the style and arrangement of the latest edition of the

Book of Mormon.

The text of the Doctrine and Covenants is preceded by an "Explanatory Introduction"comprising in concise form the essential facts relating to the history of this sacred volume of latterday revelation. Another introductory feature is the

"Chronological Order of Contents"in which the several Sections 458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are listed with date and place relating to each. Each Section

is introduced by a comprehensive heading, in which are stated the circumstances under which the particular Sedition waa given, and a brief summary of its contents. An extended "Index

and Concordance"is included.

The Pearl of Great Price is also provided with a copious index and other helps not hitherto published.

The books are issued in the following styles:

1. Doctrine and Covenants, Library edition, corresponding

in typography, material, and workmanship to the Library edition of the Book of Mormon.

2. Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price on

thin paper, flexible leather binding, forming a companion volume to the India paper issue of the Book of Mormon.

3. Combination edition, comprising Book of Mormon,

Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price, on India paper, flexible leather binding.

We recommend these new issues of the three distinctive standard works of the Church for thoughtful and prayerful study.

Heber J. Grant,

Charles. Penrose, W

Anthony W. Ivins,

First Presidency, Salt Lake City, Utah, Dec. 17, 1921.

Messages from the Missions

Change of Conference Presidents

Elder John E. Hipwell, Melbourne, Australia, recently reported the

release of Elder Milton B. Jensen, President of the Victorian conference

for nearly two years last October. His faithfulness as a missionary has

endeared him to the Saints, and investigators, and missionaries, who admired his unselfish service in the cause of truth. Elder Hipwell was

chosen to succeed Elder Jensen as conference president last October. There

are three other missionaries laboring in Melbourne, Alvin Engelstead,

Doris Baker, and F. Dewey Fronk. Many of the 700,000 people in Melbourne were reported as indifferent in regards to religion, but as a rule,

their hearts are "big"and they had treated the elders very nicely. The

ciders had found a few who are willing to receive the glad tidings, and many homes had been opened to them in trading, and new members were being baptized quite frequently.

Optimistic Regarding the Outcome

Conference President E. W. Barber, writing from Palmerston, New

Zealand, December 20, says: "Our work includes the cities of Palmerston

North, Wanganui, and nearby towns. Among the white population, generally speaking, we find the people quite indifferent to the gospel message

with no desire for religion. However, our efforts are beginning to show

areresults in the accumulation of many friends and investigators."We

all optimistic with regard to the ou come of the 'spring drive.'

Top: Elders left to right: E. M. Stanger, H. J. Hymas, E. W. Barber,

E. A. Fredricson, Taranaki conference. Front row: C. W. Clark, Manawater conference; M. C. Stewart, R. G. Andrew, Taranaki conference;

and R. H. Manning, all of Palmerston, N. Z.

Bottom: Names of elders, top row: L. Ericksen, S. A. Archibald, E. R.

J. N.Miller, F. W. Cowley, J. L. Pate, S. L. Tanner, P. W. Manwaring and

Transtrum. Middle row: B. F. Grun, B. J. Allen, Conference President

Werner Kiepe, President Winslow Farr Smith, Sister E. Smith, B. H.

Reeve, J. F. Powell. Bottom row: H. F. Elder, G. L. Wa:son, C- A,

Neusenschwander, R. Schaer, all of Northern Illinois conference.

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Twenty New Converts

Elder Werner Kiepe, conference president Northern Illinois conference, January 25, says: "The missionaries of this conference have enjoyed

I heir work for the past year most thoroughly. Our efforts have not been

in vain. Right from the very towns and surrounding country from where

the Saints were driven westward we have been able to make friends and converts. At Galesburg, sixty miles from Nauvoo, a branch was started

this year, and over twenty converts were obtained, increasing the number to over forty, each nerson active and desirious of spreading the truth.

California Mission

Front row, left to right. Anna B. Quist, Mission Matron; William B.

Hawkins; Marion Cutler, Corresponding secretary; Axel A. Madsen, Conference President; Jos. W. McMurrin, Mission President; Claude C. Cornwall, Superintendent of Sunday schools and M. I. A.; William G. Brown,

Mission Secretary; Margaret Gardner; Gustive O. Larson; second row,

sitting: Geo. C. Peterson; Rulon H. Cheney, Editor of Mission paper, The

Calimis; Wayne C. Gardner; J. Cheney Willis; third row: Gwendolin

Woolley; Ruth Tanner; Grace Cheever; Alexander F. Schieiner; Thomas

N. Price; Victoria Campbell; Keith Murdock; Gecoza McRae; Edna Loveless; fourth row: Melvin Freebairn; Florence Peck; Arthur S. Woods;

Archie F. Clifford; Henry Luthi; Orlando F. Peterson; Ralph J. Mellor;

Melvin J. Clark; fifth row, back: Gilbert B. Lewis; Walter Knell; Parley

G. Hall; Oscar W. Evans; Clarence A. White; Irving Jenkins; Rulon P.

Keetch; Leland J. Gammon; Vernal J. Stimpson.

Nine Baptisms for Each Missionary

Elder Harold B. Lee, president of the Denver conference, Western

States mission, writes under date of January 16: "The work of God has

progressed wonderfully in this conference. During 1921 we have had

71 baptisms, making an average of 9 baptisms for each missionary who has labored here. In Denver, Boulder, Greeley, Fort Collins, and wherever

462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

our missionaries have labored, we have found people who had been watching and waiting for years for a more definite and positive way to serve God than what they had possessed. At this distance from Salt Lake

City we meet hundreds of people who have either been interested in, or embittered against, 'Mormonism'by the actions of men whom they met there, who professed to be Latterday Saints. How well it would be for the

cause we represent if we could always remember, as the Savior said, 'To be as a light set upon a hill.'Our chief opposition, at present, comes

from Hale Smith, a descendant of the Prophet, and a leader of the

Reorganites in Denver, who is becoming alarmed at the serious inroads made by missionaries in his following, in this vicinity."

Top row, left to right: Henry H. Stokes, Dawson Lindsay, Esdras

Finlinson, Ralph Anderson, Olin H. Jeppson, Urban S. Madsen, Geo.

S. Pond, Lyman A. Kartchner, Cornell Knight, Claudius Winget. Third

row: Albert L. Thomas, E. Roy Erickson, Nellie Porter, Zenna Worthen,

Abraham T. James, Leah McKell, Caroline Adams, Ruby Nielsen, Andrew

Hood, William N. Thomas, Robert A. Leatham. Second row: Earl H.

Shumway, Lorenzo J. Cummings, Owen H. Martin, Mission Secretary,

Vernal A. Bergeson, Sadie Winmill, Matron, Florence R. Knight, President

of Mission Relief Societies, John M. Knight, Mission President, Minnie

Knight, Harold B. Lee, Conference President; Daniel Petersen. First row:

Richard, Ralph, Rodney, and Newell Knight.

"The Power of God is in the Church"

President Nephi Jensen of the Canadian Mission writes under date of January, 20: "Missionary work in Canada is progressing very satisfactorily. During the year, 1921, our elders baptized ninetythree converts. Our Church reports for last year show that we have over two

hundred people in the mission who are converted, but who have not yet joined the Church through baptism. The power of God has been made

manifest in the ministry of our companions. In one instance a man who

had not been able to hear for nine years was given the ability to hear the gospel message through the faith and fasting and prayers of our missionaries. Recently, on the way to Toronto I had a conversation with

a man, not a member of the Church, who told me that his little child was given up by the doctor to die, last November. The elders came to his

home by solicitation at one o'clock in the morning and administered to the child. The next day the child sat up in bed and played. Our companions are obtaining daily witnesses of the fact that the power of God

is in the Church of which we are members. Our missionaries greatly

enjoy the Era"PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE

The Melchizedek Priesthood Study for 192223

Seven hundred and sixty eight representatives of the Priesthood of the Salt Lake stakes met in the Assembly hall Feb. 8, to hear Elders

Joseph Fielding Smith and John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve

explain the priesthood course of study for the higher priesthood and the priests for the years 192223, using the new text Essentials in Church

History, by Joseph Fielding Smith. President Rudger Clawson presided

and briefly explained the object of the meeting.

Elder Smith spoke first. He said it was important in the study of

the history of the Church to consider foundation events and principles.

We live in the last dispensation, into which all former dispensations are completed; therefore, it is necessary that the history shall deal briefly

with those.former periods. Elder Smith then explained the arrangement

of the text book, its nature and contents. He had, he said, endeavored

to weave into the history the development of the doctrines of the Church, as both of these divisions could best be studied together, they having a close relationship. The book aims to present the essentials; of the

history only, as a one volume work could do. no more; but the many notes

and references should be followed to the more complete works so that the student could get a fuller knowledge of events. The speaker pointed

out the necessity of the student having access not only to the standard works of the Church, but to the documentary history of the Church, published in six volumes and copies of which it would be well if each quorum could possess. He also stated that it was necessary to become

acquainted with the geographical facts connected with the history. When

time and place are associated with the event, a much more lasting impression is made.

Elder John A. Widtsoe said he was pleased to see so many of the

priesthood engaged in priesthood work. He spoke highly of the book

to be used as a text for the next two years, and then presented some of the best methods of using it in the classes of the priesthood. A succession of facts alone is of little value in such a study. One must not

get lost in the maze of facts and figures so that the meaning of the history and the principles underlying is not obtained. How God has

built the Church historically should ever be in view. He explained that

outlines are in course of preparation to help in the study of the text in classes. Care should be taken not to use any outline too closely, as there

should always be room for the individuality and the initiative of the teacher. However, the outlines should be followed closely enough to

allow all to finish the book within the prescribed two years'time. The

speaker outlined a lesson from the book, using a blackboard for his diagram. He pointed out that questions on the lesson should not be

limited to a review of the facts taught, but they should be in the form of problems for discussion growing out of the facts in the lesson. The

opening prayer was delivered by Elder Edward H. Anderson, and the

benediction was pronounced by Elder Richard R. Lyman. Two musical

numbers were rendered by Raymond Edwards, accompanied by Professor A. C. Lund on the piano.

Honor the Sabbath Day and Keep it Holy

Appropriate Sunday activities for young men holding the

Aaronic Priesthood The list of things which should NOT be done on the Sabbath day is presented so often that it is quite familiar to us all. It might be interesting to consider how a deacon, teacher or priest might best occupy

his time on the Lord's day.

464 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In this matter more is expected of the young man who holds the holy priesthood, or, we might consider that this honor offers the boy even greater opportunity to get real joy out of this wonderful day, made all the more wonderful because it is hallowed and sacred.

This is directed only to young men who hold the Aaronic Priesthood, deacons, teachers and priests between the ages of perhaps twelve and twentyone. They should not be expected to spend the entire day in

meetings, neither will they have time to do so if they live up to all their priesthood opportunities.

Undoubtedly the first duty is to attend the quorum meeting, and of next importance is the sacramental meeting of the ward. If the priesthood

meeting is not held on Sunday, there is the Sunday school in the morning and perhaps the M. I. A. in the evening.

If the boy can find time this is the best time of the week to prepare his lessons for the Church organizations to which he belongs—the priesthood lessons and those for the auxiliary associations.

As a pleasant diversion from study and attendance at meetings the lesser priesthood activities offer a wonderful program. In fact the faithful

priesthood member is very busy even during the meetings assisting with the Sacrament; acting as door tender, in receiving and seating the people

in the house of the Lord and in looking after their comfort; distributing

and collecting song and other books; arranging seats; providing flowers

for the stand; assisting the Bishop; acting as messenger for the presiding

officers of the several gatherings and other such activities which should make Sunday meetings appeal to members of the priesthood with an interest which could not be felt by other youths.

Then there is the great program of outside activities. There is no

better time than on Sunday for deacons, either individually or in groups, to visit among quorum members. There may be some who are sick or

otherwise in sorrow or trouble. How could boys find greater joy than

in comforting such ones? They might well visit members who have beeu

absent from quorum meetings or otherwise neglecting duty. Then there

are visi';s among the widows and the poor in the ward.

The ordained teachers who are to mingle among the Saints and comfort, encourage and teach might do much of this on the Sabbath day.

They could bring great happiness into the homes of elders who are out in the missionary field. Either in their own capacity or in company with

older, visiting teachers they might do a great missionary work among weak and discouraged Church members. Such hearts would be made

happy by well told pioneer or gospel stories and by the songs of Zion sung by soloists or group singers from these priesthood quorums whose duty it is to comfort and bless the Saints.

The priests also might spend much of their Sunday time in activities pertaining specially to their offices. Unless otherwise provided for baptisms might well be performed on the Sabbath at which the priests should

assist and officiate. They might not only visit and mingle among prospective and new converts but hold cottage and public meetings both

indoors and outof-doors. They might be given the responsibility of seeing

that all the sacrament, the bread and the water, that is to be served during the day is sweet and pure, the utensils clean and the service properly conducted. They themselves should officiate in the ordinance of the Lord's

Supper.

These are but few of the many priesthood duties which might make up very busy and joyous Sundays in the lives of LesserPriesthood members.

If youths holding this sacred privilege have the spirit of their callings will be humble, prayerful and willing to serve the Lord diligently on his day, he will magnify them. They will have no time to dishonor the

Sabbath and their activities on this day will make it the most glorious of all the days of the week. LeRoi C. Snow.

Advanced Senior Department "We Stand for Loyal Citizenship""Obedience to law is liberty"should be inscribed upon the hearts and memories of the present day generation. In these lawless times when

life and property are no longer held sacred by so many, it is timely that we should resolve anew to "stand 1 for loyal citizenship."When one of

our respected citizens was recently called from his hearthstone at the evening meal only to be ruthlessly slain in cold blood, a socalled preacher denounced some of our laws now being enforced as "fanatical legislation."

It was poor consolation to the friends of this innocent victim of lawlessness to have the very source of law characterized as "fanatical."If

preachers of religion make free to attack the very foundation of law and order, can we expect the unfortunates of society to be lawabiding i

If ministers of religion will undermine laws which, perchance, may interfere with some of their appeties, will the homeless and hungry man permit the "fanatical laws"against robbery, burglary, assault, and murder, to stand between him and his desires? Good citizenship should uphold

and enforce every law. The unwise law, if enforced, will the sooner be

repealed. In a republic, where the people are the source of all law and

authority, it is important that the citizens "shall stand for loyal citizenship."

Summer Work The joint Social and Summer Work committee of the two M. I. A.

General Boards has prepared an outline for summer work which provides for four programs for the evenings of June, July, August and September fast Sundays. There are also programs for such associations as

continue the regular weekly meeting throughout the summer, either on

Sunday or weekday sessions. The new outline and program will be ready

for distribution at about the April Conference, and will also appear in the Improvement Era and the Young Woman's Journal. A number of new

features are suggested which will not only make the program very attractive, but will be of great interest and value where efficiently carried out.

Los Angeles Conference

Over 3,000 members and investigators attended the sessions of the semiannual conference held here Nov. 5-7 under direction of Conference President Axel A. Madsen. Almost 1,000 more people attended this

conference than attended any other in the California mission this season.

Two new conferences, Long Beach and San Diego, have been organized out of the Los Angeles Conference during the summer yet there were practically as many people in attendance this fall as last spring.

Presiding Bishop of the Church, Bishop Chas. W. Nibley was in attendance and spoke. All reports showed that there had been a vast increase. Superintendent Cornwall reported that there were now 49 Sunday

schools in the mission as compared with 19 two years ago, and that there were 24 mutuals as compared with 12 two years ago; 950 new officers

466 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are working in tliese new organizations. There is almost an equal percentage of increase in the number of Branches and the number of Relief

Society organizations. The Vision, by Evan Stevens, was given Sunday

evening by the combined Los Angeles and Ocean Park choirs, 70 voices, under direction of William B. Salt. There were 840 crowded in the building, and many were turned away. Elder Everard McMurrin gave a masterful introduction to the cantata. Preparatory to the chorus, "The Vision,"

aU lights in the chapel were turned out for a few seconds, and a strong searchlight from without was thrown upon the colored art window at the front of the chapel which shows the Father and the Son appearing to the boy Prophet, it gave a wonderful setting to the chorus.

A Natural Leader Recognized Sometime ago the Era printed an account of

Scout Robert P. Zemp saving William Rosenthal

from drowning in Bear River, July 19, 1920. For

such service the National Court of Honor of the

Boy Scouts of America have awarded him an

Honor Medal. Robert registered as a Scout, February 2, 1920, joining Troop No. 2 of Evanston,

Wyoming. On March 30, 1920, he qualified as a

second class scout. He became a first class scout,

April 9, 1921. Since that time he has a total of

23 merit badges to his credit, qualifying as a Life and Star scout, August 22, 1921, and on September 8, 1921, he became an Eagle scout. He has

been senior patrol leader of Troop No. 2, since

April 9, 1921. Robert was born at Evanston,

Wyoming, August 14, 1904, and has resided continuously at thai place. Shortly after he became

a scout he began looking for something to do so he could become thrifty, and finally he was given the position of janitor at the Uinta county library, June 1, 1920. He has served in that position since, doing the work, before and after

school and on Saturday. He is a natural leader,

for everything "Bob"does is applauded by the other boys. He is not puffedup over his attainments, he is just anxious to do the things

that are required of him. Scout work has meant

a great deal to this boy. He has been a more

thoughtful son, a more diligent student, and his future appears bright.

First Annual Fathers and Sons'Outing, Teton Stake, Idaho

Time: August 1011-12. Place: Table Rock Mountain.

Headed by Stake President Albert Choules, stake superintendent of

Y. M. M. I. A. Leon M. Strong, and stake Scout leader Clifford S, Wilson,

the fathers and sons of Teton stake had their first annual outing August 1011-12, 1921. A glorious trip. Automobiles carried the happy crowd to the

head of Teton canyon, Targhee National Forest, the night of the 10th. The

pitched camps formed a complete circle on a little island with clear mountain water completely encircling the camp. The prescribed exercises were carried out under the direction of C. S. Wilson. While the several fires were

flickering faintly toward their evening's end, the final evening program drew to a close with physical contests and camp stories. The fathers

MUTUAL WORK 467

matched themselves in physical prowess against their sons only to learn that on the next annual outing the sons would be the better men. The

following morning the party was ready early, and eager for that muchtalk-of climb to Table Rock, situated immediately below the famous Teton peaks. The procession swung out in long, slender file and soon disappeared in the foliage, the boys, Uncuslike, nimbly threading their way

through the undergrowth in advance of their senior companions. They

were anxious to show "dad"how to climb. It was a strenuous climb

for the first half. President Choules and Bishop Harris, inured to the

smooth tread of the merchant, proved themselves real Scouts in sticking with it to the bitter (?) end.

Showing the south end of Table Rock looking west.

The large glacier in the foreground has been there probably as long as the rock.

After two hours of joyful climbing the Grand Teton, the watch tower of the Rockies, came into view again. Somber and silent it pointed

majestically upward as it did when Fremont and Bonneville explored the unknown. This peak is about 14,000 feet in the air, and so steep

and rugged that it is said no one has ever reached the zenith. Others

hold that once a mountaineer succeeded in planting a small U. S. flag at

the very top. Table Rock is, as the name implies, a table of rock, from the

distance seemingly jutting out from the peaks, but at close range a flat elevation standing out alone, with a glacier that never goes immediately below, at the east. Between Table Rock and the Peaks is a stretch of

shale rock leading to a perpendicular cliff, between which and the Peaks is a tremendous gulf, hundreds of feet deep, with a creek to be seen faintly at the bottom in Glacier canyon. Lovers of mountain scenery who

have visited the wonders of the U. S. testify that Table Rock Glacier

canyon, and the Teton Peaks are second to none in grandeur. A"er exploring considerably, eating dinner with the tiny mountain rabbits, and

refreshing with draughts of sparkling cold water as it ran from a small 468 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hole in a huge rock, the party betook themselves to camp to dream about explorers, The Virginian, Indians, and—mother! Leon M. Strong.

A jew of the survivors. Between them and the peaks is the awful

gulf walled in on three sides by perpendicular rock walls, with Hurricane

Pass at the right, leading through the glacier canyon on to Jennie's Lake,

Jackson Hole country.

Y. M. M. I. A. EFFICIENCY REPORT, JANUARY, 1922

rt a M uU uOr-!

S o X- 5irt 2 | 3u O C STAKES.n to

B V rt 2 U

Alpine 9 10 10 10 7 9 10 Bear River 10 5 10 10 9 10 8 77

Beaver 9 10 8 6 7 10 4 69 Benson 10 6 10 9 10 9 10 9 90 Box Elder 10 7 10 6 10 10 10 9 89

Cache I 10 6 9 10 8 8 10 9 82 Carbon 10 10 10 5 5 10 9 10 87

Cottonwood... 10 8 9 9 8 8 9 7 84

Deseret 10 6 7 3 5 8 9 6 67 Emery 8 6 9 4 10 7 10 8 75 Ensign 7 6 10 10 10 8 10 9 81 Garfield 9 10 8 3 10 10 3 64 Granite 8 8 9 10 5 9 10 78 Hyrum 10 9 10 8 10 9 10 10 92 Jordan 10 6 9 9 6 9 9 9 78 Juab 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Kanab 10 6 9 7 10 10 10 10 88 Logan 10 10 9 10 10 8 10 9 92 Liberty 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 10 90 Millard 10 9 7 7 8 9 10 5 78 Morgan 10 5 6 3 8 10 10 5 68 Nebo 9 6 10 8 9 6 9 9 79 North Davis... 9 5 10 6 4 7 9 3 66

North Sanpete 10 10 9 8 8 8 9 8 79

M. I A. EFFICIENCY REPORT (Continued)

ou -V. u ct'a

-* uo J VIu t;-* CDa 73 a. B <; STAKES u.5 w o o Xl CH a.Hti O H.9-. S o VI BQ t/) bo Wu to.ago 55 BV oH T|jj UV s > u Oh- <J5

North Sevier 10 8 4 2 2 "To 4 io R 55

North Weber 8 8 8 5 8 8 6 8 10 6 75

Ogden 8 8 10 9 10 9 8 10 10 in 84

Panguitch 10 5 7 1 7 7 2 9 in 6 64

Parowan q q 8 4 6 g 6 8 5 4 65

Pioneer 7 s in 8 7 6 8 10 10 6 77

Roosevelt 10 10 in 10 10 in 10 10 9 9 98

St. George 10 10 8 1 9 6 6 10 7 67

Salt Lake 9 6 9 8 10 10 9 9 10 8 88

San Juan 7 6 8 8 7 6 3 8 8 7 68

Sevier 10 8 in 8 10 8 7 9 8 q 87

South Davis 10 4 9 9 10 10 9 8 in 8 87

South Sanpete 10 10 8 3 7 7 ** 9 4 6 68

South Sevier 9 8 10 3 6 7 9 6 7 65

Summit 10 10 8 7 9 8 6 9 4 71 Tooele 8 8 6 1 6 1 2 6 1 2 41 Uintah 9 9 7 4 9 8 5 8 7 6 72 Utah 8 q q 8 q q 9 9 in 7 87 Wasatch 9 7 10 3 7 10 7 10 8 7 78

Wayne in 8 8 4 10 4 5 59 Weber 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 9 98

Bannock 10 6 6 4 2 6 6 8 8 4 60

Bear Lake 10 8 7 2 10 10 9 10 7 5 78

Bingham in 8 5 4 7 s 6 8 5 5 63

Blackfoot 10 8 10 7 10 10 6 10 in 5 86

Blaine 10 10 10 5 10 5 5 10 10 5 80

Boise 10 6 9 5 10 7 4 10 10 5 76

Burley 10 5 9 9 9 8 6 9 9 8 82

Cassia 10 6 10 8 10 9 9 10 8 6 86

Curlew 9 9 8 5 5 8 9 10 5 5 73

Fremont 10 9 10 10 10 10 9 10 9 9 96

Franklin 10 6 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 5 86

Idaho 10 10 8 4 8 7 7 9 6 4 73

Lost River 10 10 10 5 10 10 5 10 8 5 83

Malad 10 9 5 2 7 8 8 6 6 6 67 Montpelier 10 6 9 5 7 8 7 9 8 4 73

Oneida 7 5 10 5 10 10 8 10 7 5 77

Pocatello 10 9 10 7 8 9 9 10 8 6 86

Portneuf 10 10 10 5 10 10 4 10 7 5 81

Raft River 10 10 7 6 9 6 10 3 4 65

Rigby 8 5 7 4 1 7 6 7 9 4 58 Shelley 10 8 10 5 9 10 9 10 10 9 90

Teton 6 5 4 1 2 6 4 2 2 32 Twin Falls 10 5 10 9 7 5 7 10 4 V 74

Yellowstone 10 9 8 4 10 9 7 10 8 6 81

Maricopa 10 9 10 5 10 10 7 10 in 10 91

St. Johns 10 10 6 2 6 5 2 10 in 8 69

St. Joseph 10 6 8 3 10 7 3 10 8 8 73

Snowflake 10 9 7 10 10 9 10 5 5 75

Big Horn 10 9 10 9 10 9 7 9 b 9 87

Star Valley 10 6 5 1 6 5 4 8 6 4 45

Woodruff 1 7 10 10 3 10 7 b 8 5 5 70

M. I. A. EFFICIENCY REPORT (Continued)

d c/> o..M o * <- V. I. bo

ID aabo o o Program STAKES a* 13n3 n "rtuW f*4 Participati M. 55 EV J<02

11 in cn-p rt i Urt 8 C/) H

San Luis 10 10 10 5 5 5 5 10 10 5 75

Young 10 10 4 4 6 4 6 5 49 Alberta 10 7 6 5 7 3 8 5 3 54 Taylor 10 8 10 10 8 10 9 10 6 9 90

Moapa (Nev.) 10 9 6 3 4 7 6 10 8 5 68

Union (Ore.). 10 10 10 10 10 7 10 6 10 83

Juarez (Mex.) 10 10 10 5 5 5 10 10 65

REMARKS We appreciate the prompt response of the 83 stakes to our request for

January reports. We regret that Duchesne, Tintic, and Lethbridge sent

no reports. Now let us all have a complete report for February by March

10. These reports will be a splendid basis for work for next season.

Y. M. M. I. A. STATISTICAL REPORT FOR JANUARY, 1922

D bo u V rt fco flg a <u *- V U c v Vbo u -o-oV 1 > rt i-o.2.2 a 6.2 bot-.i3c | fcW a STAKES n rtwv C rt sg o Ven u rt> 3 |P| > H 2 c O T3 Z u w 2gg < <HOH fi2 S<2 <HOH 3 <eV %cW w << < 1

VW Alpine 899 18 18 270 188 368 826 187 121 258 566

Bear River.... 516 12 12 299 114 154 567 141 57 70 268

Beaver 287 7 6 99 80 52 234 51 59 74 184

Benson 761 13 13 252 327 314 893 126 182 208 516

Box Elder 770 12 12 402 263 302 967 233 150 186 569

Cache 520 8 8 157 258 281 696 76 126 180 382

Carbon 360 9 3 120 118 139 377 88 85 93 266

Cottonwood.. 749 12 12 223 281 327 831 104 140 203 447

Deseret 398 10 10 213 106 136 455 110 60 75 245

Emery 555 9 9 61 194 222 477 39 107 143 289

Ensign 907 7 7 138 193 286 617 72 104 174 350

Garfield 271 8 4 40 139 80 259 36 76 58 170

Granite 1722 16 16 343 351 | 579 1273 183 200 402 785

Hyrum 500 10 10 189 151 204 544 111 116 117 344

Jordan 914 16 8 169 161 168 498 59 74 69 202

Juab 352 5 5 175 106 162 443 122 80 128 330

Kanab 210 7 7 122 61 84 267 56 36 52 144

Logan 610 11 11 192 162 252 606 139 160 195 494

Liberty 1041 11 11 376 228 412 1016 218 126 277 621

Millard 338 6 6 106 135 107 348 62 81 64 207

Morgan 216 9 8 127 135 103 365 42 81 56 179

Nebo 912 14 11 217 248 290 755 177 165 195 537

North Davis.. 423 7 7 84 135 159 378 37 63 92 192

No. Sanpete 766 14 12 143 205 233 581 96 118 156 370

No. Sevier 272 5 5 108 113 80 301 49 55 50 154

North Weber 626 16 14 100 226 179 505 45 115 91 251

Ogden 682 11 11 220 175 200 595 190 140 180 510

Panguitch 276 6 6 112 102 101 315 56 51 60 167

Parowan 487 9 7 105 83 69 257 65 57 46 168

Pioneer 933 14 12 180 213 305 698 61 105 166 332

M I. A. STATISTICAL REPORT (Continued)

m uu 4) V V urt bo u v.OT3u o c.2 E.2 c.J< u > STAKES 2? 13.2 "1.2.2 n.2 <

t3 o V o 3 2 OH of; 2 ** > V 3 > V OH w w < <J

35 V Roosevelt 325 10 10 Ill 112 156 379 66 78 112 256

St. George.... 643 15 15 204 377 281 862 118 195 187 500

Salt Lake 1026 12 12 297 235 365 897 168 144 214 526

San Juan 250 4 3 91 42 59 192 52 26 30 108

Sevier 363 6 6 115 166 164 445 55 99 98 252

South Davis.. 476 9 9 148 172 237 557 68 67 110 245

Sou'ii Sanpete 440 10 10 138 291 194 623 102 191 130 423

So. Sevier 300 7 7 23 100 117 235 18 80 96 194

Summit 210 12 12 30 167 140 337 15 llo 96 227

Tooele 425 9 6 90 100 150 340 72 80 120 272

Uintah 409 9 8 88 136 141 365 53 87 83 223

Utah 1399 20 20 323 340 456 1119 300 290 400 990

Wasatch 375 9 9 86 132 122 340 61 93 91 245

Wayne 201 6 6 18 126 87 231 9 59 51 119

Weber 1060 14 14 364 337 360 1061 230 190 294 714

Bannock 257 10 9 156 80 112 348 103 44 75 222

Bear Lake.... 384 11 11 175 155 184 514 88 110 127 325

Bingham 564 14 11 258 137 180 575 148 79 96 323

Blackfoot 474 9 V 237 118 134 489 114 75 75 264

Blaine 460 13 8 15 15 16 46 9 10 15 34

Boise 280 8 8 81 119 95 295 53 67 59 179

Burley 375 11 11 193 125 150 468 100 68 76 244

Cassia 181 6 6 108 64 77 249 52 31 31 114

Curlew 147 10 5 19 96 59 174 4 64 30 98

Fremont 655 13 13 288 233 298 819 166 133 170 469

Franklin 437 10 10 201 162 156 519 105 103 86 294

Idaho 218 12 11 118 91 136 345 74 68 74 216

Lost River.... 153 8 6 75 87 58 220 54 58 49 161

Malad 347 11 8 91 180 105 376 63 103 62 228

Montpelier.... 392 11 11 152 169 155 476 75 95 98 268

Oneida 370 11 8 124 78 85 288 72 38 52 162

Pocatello 358 10 10 159 109 165 433 86 68 108 262

Portneuf 300 12 10 33 184 115 332 21 123 93 237

Raft River.... 160 9 9 119 56 68 243 73 46 48 167

Rigby 550 16 11 206 106 155 467 109 63 80 252

Shelley 350 8 8 192 118 123 433 103 61 78 242

Teton 299 8 4 40 99 36 175 13 54 19 86

Twin Falls.... 182 5 4 78 26 35 138 46 13 21 80

Yellowstone 338 8 8 180 77 105 362 103 57 70 230 8 196 132 142 470 106 81 80 26/Maricopa 368 8

St. Johns 220 7 7 133 49 74 256 100 32 59 191

St. Joseph 500 15 14 88 292 266 646 41 169 130 340

Snowflake 257 10 10 207 39 95 341 130 30 61 221

Big Horn 289 6 6 116 130 84 330 74 70 64 208

Star Valley.... 334 11 11 126 151 158 435 60 83 101 244

Woodruff 425 9 8 112 77 297 486 8b 60 65 210

San Luis 200 4 3 88 74 62 224 74 44 49 167

Young 99 5 3 45 30 49 124 24 18 30 74

Alberja 425 11 10 202 167 142 511 118 101 92 311

Taylor..: 325 5 5 162 167 115 444 87 88 66 241

Moapa (Nev.) 190 8 6 10 10 9 29 9 9 8 26

Union (Ore.) 148 5 5 96 35 41 172 63 25 30 148

Juarez (Mex.) 135 5 4 48 30 76 154 30 20 60 110

Frederick Theurer, former bishop at Providence, died at the age of 82 years. He was a native of Switzerland, born September 29, 1839.

General Christian R. Dewet, commander of the Boer forces during the

war with Great Britain in 1899, died at Dewetdorp, South Africa, Feb. 3,

at the age of 78 years.

Giovanna Virga, noted Italian novelist and poet died Jan. 27, aged 82

years. One of his best known works was Cavalleria Rusticana from which

Mascagni's opera was adapted.

Former Bishop George S. Coleman of Teasdale died, Jan. 22, 1922, as

a result of injuries received when a horse he was riding fell. He was

born in Smithfield, May 20, 1866.

C. W. Anderson, Mt. Pleasant, San Pete county, Utah, died Feb 10,

at his home, 79 years old. He was a native of Sweden, born Nov. 12, 1843,

and came to Mt. Pleasant in 1859.

"Nellie Bly*'died in New York, Jan. 27, of pneumonia. Her name

was Mrs. Elizabeth C. Seaman. She became famous as a journalist when

she traveled around the globe for the New York World, in 1889.

The permanent international court of justice at the Hague has elected

Judge B. T. C. Loder, a Hollander, as president and Judge Charles Andre

Weiss, French as vice president, says a dispatch from the Hague, Feb. 7.

Dr. John A. Widtsoe was appointed commissioner of education of the

Church, on motion of Elder David O. McKay, Jan. 26, 1922. Elder McKay

resigned that position owing to a desire to devote more time to foreign missions.

Viscount Bryce died suddenly Jan. 22, at Sidmouth, England. In

America he was best known for his work on the "American Commonwealth."He was credited with knowing more about America than most

Americans.

James Arno Kirkham, of the British Mission, returned from Liverpool, January 17. He states that the anti-"Mormon"campaign of Winifred

Graham had blown over before his departure and that the mission is in excellent condition.

Mrs. Zina Huntington Smoot, died at Provo, Jan. 18, as a result of

paralysis caused by cerebral hemorrhage. She was the widow of State

Senator A. O. Smoot, and was born in Springville, the daughter of Don

C. and Malinda Singleton Huntington.

Nathanael V. Jones, who passed away in Salt Lake City, April 18,

1921, was born in this city Nov. 9, 1850, the son of Nathanael Vary and

Rebecca Maria Burton Jones. He held important positions in the Church

and was a prominent figure in the community.

Mrs. Elizabeth Huffaker died Jan. 27, at the home of her daughter,

Mrs. Joseph Gardner, West Jordan, at the age of 83 years. She was born in

PASSING EVENTS 473

Missouri, March 3, 1839, and came to Utah in 1847. She is survived by

7 children, 51 grandchildren, and 61 greatgrandchildren.'

Mrs. Lydia Shurtliff, 85 years of age, died, Jan. 18, at her home, Salt

Lake City. She was a native of Nauvoo, 111., and had been a resident of

Utah for the past seventyeight years. Mrs. Shurtliff was a sister of L.

W. Shurtliff, president of the Weber stake of the Church.

Maude Adams gave her country estate to a Catholic sisterhood. The

donation is valued at $130,000 says a New York dispatch of Jan. 16.

Miss Adams was born in Salt Lake City, in 1872, and is said to be a

Protestant. As an actress she has achieved international fame.

Cardinal Achille Ratti was elected pope, Feb. 6, to succeed Benedict

XV. He was born in Desio, Italy, March 31, 1857. When the new republic of Poland was established, Ratti was made archbishop and sent to

Poland as the representative of the holy see. He will be known as Pius XI.

Sir Ernest Shackleton died, Jan. 5, on board the ship Quest on which

he was making another expedition into the Antarctic. The body was

brought to Montevideo, Uruguay, on a Norwegian steamer, Professor

Cruvel. The death occurred off the South Georgia Island. Captain Wild

continued the expedition.

A. Barton Hepburn died in New York, Jan. 25, as a result of injuries

received when struck by a "bus"Jan. 20. He was well known as a

financier and philanthropist. He contributed more than three million

dollars to educational and benevolent institutions.

George Stringfellow died, Feb. 4, at his home in Salt Lake City, at

the age of 84 years. He was born at Hucknall, Huthwaite, England. With

his mother and two sisters, he emigrated to Utah in 1864. They crossed

the Atlantic ocean in the sailing vessel General McCiellan, making the voyage in thirtytwo days.

The B. Y. U., Provo, won the championship, Jan. 20, when its negative

team defeated the U. of U. affirmative team in Salt Lake City, and its

affirmative team triumphed over the negative of the U. A. C, at Provo.

The question debated was: "Resolved, that the U. S. government cancel

all war loans to the nations associated with her in the war against Germany, provided Great Britain does likewise."

A new college, to be known as College of Applied Arts, was added to the Brigham Young University, Provo, by a decision of a meeting of the trustees Jan. 25, President Heber J. Grant presiding. Dr. M. C. Merrill

was appointed dean of the college, and his wife, Mrs. Amy Lyman Merrill,

was made dean of women of the University.

A medallion in honor of Marshal Foch will be made by the Utah

Sculptor, Cyrus E. Dallin, to whom falls ths honor of being commissioned

by the state of Massachusetts to execute that work of art in honor of the visit of General Ferdinand Foch, commanderin-chief of the allied armies in the late war, on the occasion of his visi! to the United States.

The agricultural conference called by President Harding, convened at

Washington, Jan. 23, with about 300 delegates present. The president, in

his opening address, made several suggestions of topics for discussion, including the development of the water resources and a code of laws and business procedure; cooperative loaning, buying and selling, etc.

Fire in the Lafayette school building, Salt Lake City, Jan. 20, caused

a damage estimated at $200,000. When the flames were extinguished only

the walls were standing. The mercury registered in the neighborhood of

474 IMPROVEMENT ERA

6 degrees below zero, and some of the firemen were frost bitten and had to be taken to the hospital. The building was completed in 1904.

Mrs. Elizabeth Jolly Hicks, wife of George A. Hicks and one of the

first settlers of Spanish Fork, died at her home Jan., 29, after an illness

of three days from pneumonia. Mrs. Hicks was born in Weekly county,

Tenn., May 6, 1837, the daughter of Henry B. M. and Britannia May

Jolly. Her parents embraced the gospel and went to Nauvoo in 1840.

A new gas from straw obtained by distinctive distillation has been produced by the United States government at one of its experimental farms at Arlington, Va. An automobile has been operated with the new

combustible, and it has been used for illuminating purposes as well as for cooking, but the possibilities of straw gas have not yet been fully determined.

Joseph Armstrong Fisher died at his home, Salt Lake City, Feb. 5.

He was a pioneer of 1850, born in Nauvoo, 111., July 28, 1841. In 1862 he

served in the Civil war by helping keep the lines of communication open between San Francisco and Omaha, under Captain Lot Smith. In 1863 he

crossed the plains a second time, this time for the purpose of assisting emigrants into Utah.

Famine in Russia is said to be threatening fifteen million people with death, unless speedy relief comes. That was the statement made by Dr.

Nansen before the relief committee of the League of Nations at Geneva,

Jan. 25. He said 33,000,000 souls are affected by the lack of food. Cannibalism he said is resorted to in the faminestricken area, as reported

in a dispatch dated Jan. 30.

Mrs. Mary Tobitha Coon, a pioneer of 1847, died Jan. 25, at the home

of her son, Bishop Isaac W. Coon, Pleasant Green, Utah, of bronchial

pneumonia. She was born March 3, 1834, at Nashville, Tenn., and came

to Utah in the Daniel Spencer company, in 1847. She married John

Coon in 1854 and became the mother of ten children. She had 67 grandchildren, 87 great grandchildren, and 4 greatgreat grandchildren.

The Knickerbocker Theater, Washington, collapsed Jan. 28, under

the weight of two feet of snow on the roof. One hundred and seven persons were killed and 134 injured. Among those reported dead was Guy

S. Eldredge, of Salt Lake City, brotherin-law of Senator Reed Smoot.

Scott A. Dahlquist and Albert H. Paul, two Utah boys, arrived as the

building collapsed and rendered efficient service in rescuing the injured in the debris.

Methodists favor the law of tithing, according to a statement by Dr.

Lovejoy, secretary of the stewardship movement of that church, made in an address at Detroit, Jan. 15. "The basic coin for church and Sunday

school purposes still is the red cent,"he said. "Churchmen today are

giving but a trifle more than their grandfathers did for religion. A man

still may be a respected member of a fashionable city church, ride in an $8000 automobile and pay 25 cents a week for his religion."

Pope Benedict XV died Jan. 22, after a few days'illness which developed into pneumonia. He was born near Genoa, Italy, in 1854, and

became pope, Sept. 6, 1914. Benedict succeeded in restoring diplomatic

relations with many countries, including Great Britain, and a short time before his death he had formulated a plan for reconciliation between the Vatican and the Italian government, on the basis of the recognition of the political independence of the Vatican ground and buildings. The

remains were laid to rest in St. Peters church Jan. 26.

Eli A. Folland was called by death at a hospital in Salt Lake City,

PASSING EVENTS 475

as a result of pneumonia. He was born April 8, 1855, at Exeter, England,

and came to Utah with his parents in 1865 as members of the oxcarl company headed by Captain George Holliday. He has resided in the Sixteenth

ward for fiftyfour years. Mr. Folland served the city as a member of the

city council in the years 1890, 1891, 1892 and 1893. He was a member

of the building committee during the construction of the city and coun'.y

building. He was for ten years superintendent of the Salt Lake Foundry

and Machine Co. He spent the years of 1881 and 1882 in missionary work.

One hundred and thirtyseven years old was the reputed age of GaBe-NaWoncer also known as John Smith and "Wrinkled Meat,"a

Chippewa Indian, who died at Cass Lake, Minn., Feb. 7, after a week's

illness of pneumonia. A year ago he became totally blind, but his mind

remained clear and he often recalled when he was a scout for the Cbippewas in the wars with the Sioux. He also remembered events of the war

of 1812. One of his boasts was that he had never fought against the white

man. Up to four years ago he had never visited a big city. He had been

married eight times. He had no children, and the only survivor is Tom

Smith, an adopted son, with whom he lived.

Mrs. Amy Lyman Merrill, Superintendent of the Practice House and

Chairman of the Woman's Advisory Committee, at the Utah Agricultural

College, was recently appointed Dean of Women at the Brigham Young

University for the next school year. Mrs. Merrill is a daughter of the late

President Francis M. Lyman. She is a graduate of the Utah Agricultural

College and has taught in the public schools in Utah and also in the

L. D. S. U., where she was head of the Domestic Science Department.

She was the first Home Demonstrator in Utah. Mrs. Merrill has done

work at both the University of Chicago, and Columbia University, having done special Practice House work at the latter in the summer of 1919.

She is the wife of Dr. M. C. Merrill, who was recently appointed Professor

of Horticulture and Dean of the new College of Applied Arts, at the

Brigham Young University.

The armament conference in Washington was formally closed Feb. 6,

with the signing of various documents and a farewell address of President

Harding. As a result of the conference there will be a "naval holiday"as

regards the building of the largest type of battleships and scrapping of a certain number, thus obviating naval competition between the United

States, Great Britain, and Japan. The AngloFrench alliance will be

terminated and an agreement between the United States, Great Britain,

Japan, and France will take its place; certain restrictions regarding the

use of submarines and poison gases have been agreed on; Japan and

China have reached an understanding concerning the Shantung controversy, but Japan has made it clear that she has no intention to withdraw from Manchuria and Siberia; finally, the United States has agreed not

to have any naval station in the Pacific west of the Hawaiian Islands, in consideration of an understanding that Japan will not fortify certain islands.

Dr. M. C. Merrill, Professor of Horticulture at the Utah Agricultural

College, has just been appointed Professor of Horticulture, and Dean of the new College of Applied Arts, at the Brigham Young University. Dr.

Merrill is the son of the late Elder Marriner W. Merrill. He was graduated

from the Utah Agricultural College in 1905. After a year of teaching in

Springville he accepted a position with the Bureau of Agriculture as Agricultural Inspector and Superintendent of an experiment station in the

Philippine Islands. He resigned this position in 1910, and spent the following year studying agriculture in Japan, China, Ceylon, Egypt, Palestine,

and twelve countries of Europe and the British Isles. Upon his return

476 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lo America he spent one year in graduate work at Cornell, after which he entered the University of Chicago where he received a master's degree in

Botany, in 1912. The next year he entered Harvard University, from

which he received a master's degree in Chemistry, in 1913. From Harvard

he went to the Missuori Botanical Garden, at St. Louis, receiving the Ph.

D. degree from Washington University in 1915.

Moses W. Taylor, who passed away at his home in Salt Lake City,

Jan. 13, was a son of the late President John Taylor and Sophia Whitaker

Taylor. He was born in Salt Lake City, March 9, 1862. From 1901 till

1921 he presided over Summit stake and was released on account of failing health. From a paper by Elder Charles R. Jones, patriarch of Summit

stake, the following extracts are made:

"His work as a Stake President and leader among the people of Summit

Stake, where he labored for twenty years, stands today as a monument to his honesty, integrity, and devotion to the cause in which he was engaged.

During the years that he presided over that stake he attended every meeting and appointment that it was his duty to attend, with the exception of three or four, having traveled many miles at times to be at his post of duty. No weather was ever too inclement or roads too muddy to hinder

him from attending to his duties. He was ever anxious for the welfare of

his people; to see them succeed and prosper brought! happiness to him.

Surrounded, as he was, with a faithful and devoted wife and family, he was encouraged to go forth in the performance of his duties; he knew

that their faith and prayers were always for him. The law of tithing was

strictly obeyed by President Taylor, and upon several occasions when he has handed to me, as his bishop, a check for tithing, he would remark that it was for more than he had earned, but he always wanted to be on the safe side with the Lord. As a strict observer of the Word of Wisdom he

led a clean and pure life—worthy of imitation by all his associates. Presf*

dent Taylor delighted to visit the homes of the people, whether they were members of the Church or not, and his presence in the home always brought joy to the occupants. He loved to bless and comfort those in

trouble and need."

. Riter passed away at the Latterday Saints hospital, Salt William W

Lake City, Jan. 17, at the age of 83 years, after an illness of about three

months. He was a pioneer of 1847, a faithful Church worker, and.one of

the leading business men of the West. Elder Riter was born in Chester

county, Pa., September 4, 1838, and came with his parents to Utah in the

exodus from Nauvoo, 111., reaching Salt Lake in September, 1847. In the

early '70s he was associated with President Brigham Young as one of the contractors in the construction of the Union Pacific, had an active part in the building of the Utah Central and was superintendent and manager of numerous of the branch roads that were big factors in the development of the state. In 1886 and 1888 he was the speaker of the house of

the Utah legislature, and for more than thirty years he was a member of the board of regents of the University, chairman since 1905. Mr. Riter

was vice president of the Deseret National bank, president of the Deseret

Savings bank, vice president of the Ogden Savings bank, of the First

National bank of Rexburg, Idaho, and of the Oregon Lumber company and the Utah Hotel company of Salt Lake. He was twice married; first at

New York City in March, 1871, to Miss Susan Denton of East Rockaway,

Long Island, N. Y., by whom he had two children. She died in this city

in 1879. Four years later, in April, 1883, Mr. Riter was married to Miss

Priscilla Jennings, daughter of William Jennings, once mayor of this city, by whom he has had six children. Funeral services were held in the

Assembly hall, Jan. 19. President Heber J. Grant was one of the speakers

who paid tribute to the sterling qualities of the departed.

Invest in Manhood

Finance Week, March 1-8, 1922 1—100percent Annual Fund, based on enrollment of 1921

2—10 or more Life Members in each stake. This means

only one to a ward in many of our stakes

During this week see that each ward has met its quota.

Let us do it now, and do it together.

Use the personal appeal plan, or in case of the General

Fund, you may have an attractive social or dancing party.

Let us clear up this important part of our work.

When your stake and 85 other stakes have paid in full, then our work will be guaranteed.

A Plan, a leader, a little work and the job is done.

maiiiBiBijjiMiflniittii

*\G CHURCH OF JES ATTERDAY SAINTS c/A f/t 4 %

Htfe Jffle Certificate

tEfjts Certifies ttjat ofWard, sum of Five Dollars into the LIFE

MEMBERSHIP FUND, is hereby decTZEGd a Life Member of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Wthurch of Jesus Christ ofLatterday Saints, in tCeimonp SBbmof. we haMhereunto set our hands at Salt Lake City, Utah,

thisday of—A. D., 19 general &upertntenbenep. 01. iW. J. A.

At. 497 By General Secretary

fflmiimimiiiumiDn Mr. Kenneth Kutter, D. V. M., United States Department of Agriculture, Bureau

of Animal Industry. Mansfield, Louisiana says: "It has been my privilege to be

a subscriber to the Era for a number of years. I find it consoling indeed when

so far from Zion, and it is the next thing to a meeting with those who love the things I love. A recent contribution to the Improvement Era, "The Girl,"by

Nephi Anderson, without exaggeration, I enjoyed more than any fiction I have ever read. It seems to me there can be no more pleasing climax than reality.'*

Elder John E. Hipwell, writing from Melbourne, Australia, says: "We appreciate the Improvement Era very much. It is a great factor in producing faith

among the Saints and in promulgating the gospel among investigators. The Melbourne Library has been presented with some copies, and the elders had received

a letter from the public library asking for certain numbers of volume 24, so that a complete volume could he suitably bound and preserved in the library.

The elders also presented the library with a new edition of the Book of Mormon."

Improvement Era, March, 1922 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, ) Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, J Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

Members of the Board of Trustees, B. Y. U Frontispiece

A Place of Prayer Prest. Wilford Woodruff 383

Prayer Bishop J. W. Condie 385

Through the Years. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 392

A Laboratory for Leadership. Illustrated Lowry Nelson 393

Progress of State Schools Mosiah Hall 402

Roots Prof. C. Y. Cannon 406

A Thrilling Experience and a Testimony M. Vernon Coombs 407

Our Tree. A Poem Samuel Biddulph 411

The Lord Sustains the FaltVing Soul. Male Edward H. Anderson, Evan

Quartet Steplvens 412 A Hymn of Confidence Joseph Longking Townsend.... 413

My Personal Devil. A Story Eva Navone... 414

WillPower in Quitting Tobacco Will H. Brown 419

Lest We Forget—VI Dr. Seymour B. Young 420

"Where Angels Fear to Tread."A Story O. S. Johnson 424

Uphold the Right. A Poem J. S. Dudley, Jr 428

America's Responsibility Prest. Elmer G. Peterson 429

Dina. A Story Alfred Lambourne.... 432

Dying Day. A Poem Rulon P. Bennion 434

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness—XIXXXI Dr. George H. Brimhall 435

Seven Gospel Fundamentals 443 Contrast. A Poem Enoch Jorgensen, B. S 445

The Man the Bears Wouldn't Eat. An Incident H. R. Merrill 446

A Trip to Haleakala. IUustrated Ora Hansen Barlow 448

M. I. A. Scouts Enjoy "Good Turn"452

The Duty of Cheerfulness Dr. Frank L. West 453

Editors'Table—Tobacco and the Public Schools 455

The Vacuum Tube Amplifier... 456

Books 457 Messages from the Missions '. 458

Priesthood Quorums'Table - 463

Mutual Work 465 Passing Events j. 472

NEW FREE CATALOG AND PRICE LIST Just released from the press, a new 36page Catalog of Church Publications. Includes short descriptions of

scores of books, with complete price information. Also

information on the finest lines of Bibles and miscellaneous Books that we carry in stock.

L. D. S, CHURCH PUBLICATIONS

Send for your copy of the Catalog today. It's free for

the asking. Orders for books sent in by mail receive

our careful and prompt attention.

Send for your copy at once.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph Smith as Scientist A valuable book for missionaries and students

Cloth Binding $1.00

Paper 25 Send orders to 67 E. South Temple Salt Lake City

LOST DOLLARS

Every dollar lost by destruction by fire is lost forever. It

has vanished from the world's wealth.

A policy in the UTAH SOME FIRE helps mightily to mitigate the lo9s.

Over thirtyfour years. of service

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General A genu >alt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

Is Your Life Insurance Beneficial?

The very best there is in Life Insurance issued by

The Big Home Company You need Our Insurance We want Your Business

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Hober J. Grant, Pre.. STILT L71KB Lorenzo N. StohLV.Pres. & Mgr.

There's Nothing Better

than a

Z.C.M.I. FactoryMade

Summit Shoe Strong, serviceable Shoes built for service Ask your dealer for them

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA