"The Strength of a Nation'is in its Youth.'Vol.

I.

SEPTEMBER, 1880.

No.

12.

CONFIDENCE.

Resuming the subject of confidence for the purpose of closing the present series with the final number of the first volume of the Contributor, I express my regret at not being able, owing to the press of other duties, to follow the subject through all the numbers of the now completed volume.

The reader will readily comprehend that the subject has only been touched, and that, mainly on the more minor points. The deeper cords underlying this key to earthly happiness, have but faintly vibrated, under the touch of an unskillful hand.

But, if the articles have, in anyway, aided in producing good desires, or strengthened those already formed in the mind of a single reader, the reward shall be esteemed as more than equal to the humble effort made in writing them.

As members of Mutual Improvement Associations, as individuals, as citizens or as Saints we cannot place too high an estimate on the value and importance of establishing and perpetuating confidence.

It should be the pride of every young man in Israel that he has the confidence of those who know him best; that by no word or act has he ever created distrust in the minds of the pure and good;

that he yields not to intemperance, evil thoughts, nor wicked words;

that no "blush of shame mantles his cheek when in the society of the daughters of Zion;

that no touch, thought nor word of his pollutes the pure atmosphere surrounding them.

But, with conscience void of offence, let the sons and daughters of Zion stand forth spotless, proud monuments of God's noblest work;

pure, chaste and holy, with hopes unscorched by the hot breath of lust, and cheeks unfurrowed by crime.

Chaste boys and girls make chaste men and women,—chaste men and women make chaste husbands and wives. There is no relation in life where the preservation of unshaken confidence is more desirable than in the family.

What must be the condition of the husband who has no confidence in his wife, or of the wife who fails to believe in her husband? Sad indeed, for where confidence dies, there respect must find a grave Love's shadow may survive both,—a wreck, assuming more frequently the form of fretful jealousy, than of that pure, trusting, divine gift that cometh down from heaven to the truthful, good and honest, who live for others and the good they can do.

Our young people should reflect upon this matter.

It is important.

They will assume the responsibilities of married life, a relation holy 'before God, and one that ought to be held deeply sacred by men and women a relation, in which, without the Spirit of God no man can fulfill the requirements of the New and Everlasting Covenant.

How can he have that spirit while practicing deceit and ignoring the laws of heaven?

On the other handjliving near to God,humble, just and true—who shall condemn him?

CONFIDENCE.

Misjudged, criticised, injured and insulted he may be ignorant, self-constituted society regulators, prompted by envious spite may vex and annoy, but honest men and women will learn, notwithstanding the persistent efforts of evil doers to harm them, that the Holy Spirit directs, comforts and cheers only such as love righteousness and hate iniquity.

Those who have carefully followed the series will have discovered the not entirely fruitless aim of the writer to show that envy and jealousy when roused, even among Saints, are potent agencies, under the baneful influences of which, Confidence, always trusting but timid, shrinks back, wounded and almost crushed. The deep designing ways of envy;

the scope of unrelenting hate, over-riding man's more noble attributes, can, perhaps, only be fathomed by such, as have felt the biting sting of both.

They can be cherished only in hearts where ingratitude has dethroned mercy, banished love and fostered spite.

Whence come these cruel, cowardly passions?

With whom did they originate?

Answering, I quote Milton, the poet, in Paradise Lost:

"Till pride and worse ambition threw me down,

Warring in heaven against heaven's matchless King:

Ah, wherefore? he deserved no such return

From me, whom he created what I was In that bright eminence, and with his good

Upbraided none;

nor was his service hard.

What could be less than afford him praise,

The easiest recompense, and pay him thanks?

How due!

Yet all his good proved ill in me, And wrought but malice.;

lifted up so high I disdain'd subjection, and thought one step higher

Would set me highest, and in a moment quit The debt immense of endless gratitude,

So burdensome;

still paying, still to owe:

Forgetful what from him I still received, And understood not that a grateful mind

By owing owes not, but still pays, at once

Indebted and discharged.

What burden then?

But heaven's free love dealt equally to all?

Be then his love accursed, since love or hate,

To me alike, it deals eternal woe.

Nay, cursed be thou;

since against his thy will Chose freely what it now, so justly rues.

Me miserable!

Which way shall I fly Infinite wrath, and infinite despair?

Which way I fly is hell;

myself am hell;

And, in the lowest deep, a lower deep

Still threatening to devour me, opens wide,

To which the hell I suffer seems a heaven.

To reign is worth ambition, though in hell:

Better to reign in hell, than serve in heaven.

Continuing, Satan in his sufferings is made to enquire if there is no place for repentance and pardon left?

and then answers "None left but by submission; and that word

Disdain forbids me, and my dread shame

Among the spirits beneath, whom

I seduced With other promises and other vaunts

Than to submit, boasting I could subdue The Omnipotent.

Ah, me!

They little know How dearly I abide that boast so vain, Under what torments inwardly I groan,

While they adore me on the throne of hell."

Revelation teaches us that in heaven, before the fall, Satan was an accuser of his brethren.

He doubtless often made them offenders for a word, criticising perhaps the sentiments written on the banners of heaven, his envious eye, jealous heart and ambitious mind distorting every act and word of others as intent of personal injury, or as encroachment upon his self-claimed, over-reaching, unearned and unestablished prerogatives.

While planning to dethrone Jehovah and to crush, with false accusations, his brethren, no doubt he claimed to be the most abused person of all those surrounding the throne of God. Cast out from heaven, his purpose unmasked, treachery made bare—rebellion defeated; hear the song of angels turned to lamentation as the envious, self-condemned, fallen deceiver, crawls in serpent form to the portals of Eden's happy garden;

revenge, his purpose to corrupt man's allegiance to heaven's law, the mode; to destroy God's gift of "peace on earth and good will to man,"the end.

Banish, I beseech you, my young friends, all malignant, revengeful, envious

INTERIOR OF THE EARTH.

thoughts.

Be not, I pray you, guided by such unholy influences.

You know their origin; you cannot be ignorant of their fatal results.

Revenge! why the spirit of it, is from the devil; than which nothing makes man more like him.

Nothing can be more opposed to the Spirit of the

Gospel.

Revenge!

if it be not satisfied will give torment now;

if it be, it will produce anguish and misery hereafter.

A revengeful, malicious, envious man is a great self-tormentor, for the poison of his own temper will often turn in upon himself, causing him perhaps to feel that he would rather "reign in hell, than serve in heaven.""Let not the sun go down upon your wrath."May it never shine upon your envy. "Make not your brother an offender for a word.""Lay not a snare for him that reproveth in the gate."

Plead with the wayward.

"A soft answer turneth away wrath."

Go alone to him that offends you, and, in a spirit of kindness and brotherly love point out his fault.

Pluck not at the "mote"in the eye of another, while the "beam"of a greater fault, blindeth thine own.

From him that would borrow, turn thou not away.

Feed the hungry.

Clothe the naked.

With kindness and gentle words soothe the mourner.

Wipe away the tears of the orphan.

Let not the cry of the poor ascend to the Lord.

Love your neighbor as yourself, and God with all your might, mind and strength.

Honor your father and mother.

Love and obey the priesthood. Venerate age and respect infirmity.

Resent not a slur cast upon the memory of a dead father, or a reproach upon the character of a living mother, while carelessly listening to the blasphemous use of the name of the Creator, or hearing without a shudder the name of the Savior blackened by foul lips and poisoned tongues.

Let us not rest upon false dignity nor boast of defended family honor, while the names of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, without resentment or rebuke from us, are trailed in the dust. Let us be consistent.

If we would gain the victory over the powers of darkness and evil—over death, hell and the grave, we must, with unswerving confidence keep the commandments of the Father, acknowledge the mediation of the Son and follow the lead of the Holy Spirit.

Failing in this, our feet may slip, our eyes grow dim, our ears grow heavy, our tongues speak guile, our hearts become faint, and our hopes cut off.

There are many called, but few are chosen.

Let us learn the reason, and, profiting thereby, the doctrines of the Priesthood will distill upon our minds like the dews of heaven, dispelling unholy thoughts, shaming unrighteous acts.

The Holy Ghost will become our constant companion and our dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, which shall flow unto us, without compulsory means forever.

Who can desire more?

Who will be satisfied with less?

Moses Thatcher.

Syllables govern the world.

Coke.

INTERIOR OF THE EARTH.

In the history of the progress of science, if we look back even no more than a century, we are surprised at the great number of absurd theories entertained even by the most distinguished thinkers of those times.

Many of the theories advanced then and before that time are still adhered to firmly, while others are being gradually forgotten; and this will probably be the fate of many more that are now considered as firm ly established, before another century passes away.

Such an experience as this should make us rather cautious in taking sides on any scientific question.

The mathematician now puts everything, whenever possible, to the severest test, which if it can not stand, it must fall.

In regard to the constitution of the interior of the earth, some new ideas

INTERIOR OF THE EARTH.

have been advanced within the past few years, and are fast gaining ground, and will no doubt, soon overthrow entirely the theory of the earth's molten interior, or at. least greatly modify it.

In going down towards the interior of the earth, we will find at a certain distance from the surface, a stratum in which the temperature remains the same all the year round, and this temperature is nearly the same as the average at the surface for the whole year.

At the equator, where the extremes of heat and cold are nearest to each other, the depth at which the temperature always remains uniform, is only one or two feet below the surface; in our latitude, it is about sixty feet below, while in northern latitudes near the poles it must be about one hundred feet.

Below the stratum of invariable temperature, it has been found that the heat increases at the average rate of one degree in every fifty-three feet.

These figures have been accurately determined from observations made in mines and artesian wells.

'J In some cases where the rock is a poor conductor, the increase is one degree in thirty feet, while in other cases, it is one degree in ninety feet.

In Cornwall, there is a mine eighteen hundred feet deep, where the temperature is one hundred degrees, so great that the miners wear but little or no clothing, and are obliged at times to ascend and plunge into tanks of cold water.

Artesian wells that descend to great depths, always furnish warm water, as illustrated in the famous well at Greenville, near Paris, which furnishes water so warm, that it is used in heating up the large hospital located there.

The same is the case with the wells at Wurtemburg, in Germany, at Louisville, Charleston, and other places.

Volcanoes also give evidence of the great interior heat of the earth.

The facts mentioned above, together with others, such as earthquakes, and the gradual rise and fall of the earth's surface at various points, are regarded as the proofs of the liquid state of the earth's interior.

If the rate of increase is one degree in fifty-three feet, at a depth of twentyfive or thirty miles, a temperature would be reached sufficient to melt the hardest rocks; and hence below this depth, we would expect to find everything in a molten state.

In a globe, two feet in diameter, if the above statement is correct, we could properly represent the crust of the earth, by a crust one-tenth of an inch in thickness.

Artesian wells, hot springs and geysers, simply show that there is an interior heat.

The gradual elevations and depressions of the earth's surface are supposed to indicate that its foundation is not a solid, but a yielding liquid, while the sudden elevations and depressions as in earthquakes, indicate some great tidal wave of the liquid interior, acting with such force as to crack the crust here and there.

Volcanoes are supposed to be direct communications with the interior.

To prove that the crust is only twentyfive or thirty miles thick, we will have to suppose that the rate of increase in temperature is uniform for the whole distance, but we have no good reason to believe that this is really the case, in fact we have good reason to believe that the rate of increase becomes less rapid the farther down we go.

To illustrate if we take a rod of carbon, or any poor conductor of heat, that is, material that will not easily allow heat to be carried through it, and a rod of copper, or silver, or any good conductor, and place the ends in a fire, in time, these ends will become highly heated, say red hot, while the outer end of the carbon rod will not be so warm but that it may be held in the hand, while in the case of the copper or silver rod, the outer end will be almost as hot as the end in the fire.

We can now readily tell in proceeding from the outer ends towards the fire, in which case the rise in temperature will be the greater.

In the case of the copper bar, there is little difference

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

in temperature between the two ends, while in case of the carbon there are the greatest extremes; so in proceeding from the outer ends towards the fire, for every foot the increase of heat would be much greater in the case of the carbon, the poor conductor, than in the case of copper or silver, good conductors.

Now if we can only prove that the farther down we go, the better is the earth's conducting power, we then show that the increase in temperature will not be so rapid, as near the surface, that is, instead of being one degree for fifty-three feet, it may be only one degree for one or two hundred feet.

The weight of the material for the earth's crust is about two and a half times that of water, but the earth as a whole, according to the Cavendish and other experiments, weighs about five and a half times the weight of water.

So if the crust is so much lighter than the average, the interior must be so much heavier to make up the difference.

Now it has been estimated that the interior must be about sixteen times as heavy as water, in order to make up this difference.

But all these facts seem to have no bearing on the question.

It has been demonstrated beyond any doubt, that the denser a material becomes, the better conductor of heat it is.

Now the deeper down we go, the heavier the interior becomes, and hence a better conductor, and if a better conductor, the less rapid will be the increase in temperature as we proceed towards the source of heat, as shown in the experiments above.

We now see that the rate of increase can not be uniform, but must be less rapid the farther down we go.

Another question arises:

Will the rock melt at the same temperature at the depth of twenty-five miles as at the surface?

If pressure be applied to water, it requires two hundred and twelve degrees to boil it, and if it be removed, it requires less.

Heat expands granite and other rock when melted.

Now if great pressure be applied, the same degree of heat could not melt granite, for, before it required all that heat to melt and expand it without any pressure, now it will require additional heat to overcome this pressure. We can readily conceive that there must be an immense compressing force at the depth of twenty-five or thirty miles, and that there must be a great increase in heat to melt rocks at that depth.

Now the rise in the melting point,and rise in temperature may be so nearly equal that the earth is kept solid to the very centre.

There are astronomical reasons also that have led modern scientists to the conclusion that the earth is solid, in fact, it could not be made up of a great liquid ball with a thin crust, even though it were as rigid as steel.

Even if there is a molten interior, it cannot be within two or three hundred miles of the surface, hence for all practical purposes we may consider the earth a solid body.

Quebec A failure establishes only this, tha one's determination to succeed was no strong enough.

Bovee.

Dost thou love life?

Then do no squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.

Franklin.

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

JACOB, THE ZORAMITE.

Jacob can in no wise be called one of the lights of the Book of Mormon; we present him, rather, as a contrast to the worthies of our former sketches.

In the year B. C. 64, at the time of the great war which had its origin in Amalidkiah's ambitious attempt to overthrow the

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Nephrite commonwealth and establish himself as sole monarch of the American continent, the Nephite city of Mulek, situated near the shore of the Carribean

Sea, was, with many others, in the hands of the Lamanites.

The general who held it was named Jacob.

He was a Nephite apostate, who had accepted the errors of the Zoramites.

His appointment was one characteristic of the prevailing policy of Amalickiah, as it afterwards was of his successor Ammaron, to give the command of the Lamanite armies to men, who like themselves were traitors to their own government;

for in such cases, to military knowledge was almost invariably added intense religious hate, which neither asked nor gave quarter on the battle field, but fought to the last extremity with unconquerable fury.

Such a one was Jacob.

He had entrenched himself in the strongly fortified city of Mulek, the most northern of any of the Nephite cities that had fallen into the enemy's hands.

It was a key to the surrounding country. Whilst it remained in Lamanite possession it was very little use for Moroni, the Nephite Commanderin-Chief, to attempt to recover the cities that lay along the shores of the East Sea, yet farther south. The Nephite generals did not consider themselves justified in making the attempt to carry the place by storm, such an effort would have cost too many noble lives, and probably have proven unsuccessful.

Moroni had with him at this time two of his most trusted lieutenants, Lehi and Teancum, both of whom were little inferior to the chief captain in wisdom and valor.

At a council of war it was determined to attempt the capture of Mulek, by strategy, as they had already sent embassies to Jacob desiring him to bring his armies into the open plain to meet the Nephrites in battle, but the Lamanite commanders were too well acquainted with the discipline and courage of the Nephite forces to take such a risk.

There was, therefore, but one plan left, other than to patiently sit down before the city and reduce it by a regular seige, and that was to decoy a portion of its defenders beyond the protection of its walls, and when it was thus weakened to carry it by storm.

Moroni determined on this course.

By command of Moroni, the gallant Teancum, with a small force, marched down along the sea shore to the neighborhood of Mulek; whilst Moroni, with the main body of the army, unperceived by the enemy, made a forced march by night into the wilderness which lay on the west of the city, where he rested.

Lehi, with a third corps, remained in the city of Bountiful.

On the morrow, Teancum's small division was discovered by the Lamanite outposts, and from the fewness of numbers they judged it would fall an easy prey.

Jacob at once sallied forth at the head of his warriors to attack the presumptuous Nephites.

On their approach Teancum cautiously retreated along the sea shore towards the city of Bountiful.

Jacob followed in vigorous pursuit.

Moroni, in the meanwhile, divided his army into two corps, one of which he dispatched to capture the city, and with the other he closed in between

Jacob's army and Mulek. The first corps accomplished its work, without difficulty, for Jacob had left but a small force behind him, and all who would not surrender were slain.

The Lamanites crowded after Teancum in hot pursuit, until they came nigh unto Bountiful, when they were met by

Lehi and the small force under his command.

At his appearance the Lamanite captains fled in confusion, lest they should be out-generalled and cut off from their fortifications.

Jacob's warriors were weary by reason of their long and hasty advance, whilst Lehi's soldiery were fresh and unfatigued; but the latter refrained from pressing too vigorously on his retreating foes, as his object was not to exhaust his men until the hour of battle came, and he was anxious to defer that until he and Moroni could simultaneously attack the Lamanites in front and rear.

When Jacob drew -near the city he

RELATION OF EDUCATION TO CRIME.

found himself confronted by the armies of Moroni, who closed in around his warriors and barred their further progress southward, whilst Lehi, putting forth his pent up energies, fell with fury on their rear.

Weary and worn as they were, Jacob would not surrender.

Whatever his faults may have been, and they were undoubtedly numerous, he had a resolute, unconquerable spirit that would fight to the last.

He determined, if possible, to cut his way through to Mulek.

With this intent he made a desperate, though ineffectual charge on Moroni's lines.

The Nephites being fresh and unwearied, never wavered, but received the shock firm as a rock upon which the waves of the ocean break in vain.

The battle here raged with indescribable fierceness, and with heavy loss on both sides.

The wild Lamanites, in the frenzy of desperation, dashed with all their strength and prowess against the well ordered ranks of the

Nephites in the one absorbing endeavor to break their way through, while the Nephites, in the heroic courage which religion and patriotism inspires, stood cool, unwavering and undismayed, breaking the shock of each charge, then "On the wounded and the slain,

Closed their diminished files again."to receive the next onslaught.

In this desperate encounter Moroni was wounded and Jacob slain.

Whilst Jacob was thus furiously charging on Moroni's corps, Lehi with his "strong men,"was as furiously driving in the Lamanite rear;

at last the soldiers of Jacob in that part of the field surrendered.

Their leader slain, the remainder of the troops hesitated between throwing down their arms and continuing the mad strife.

Moroni, with his strong hatred of unnecessary blood-shed, when he noticed that they wavered, cried out that if they would lay down their weapons and deliver themselves up he would spare their lives. His offer was accepted^ the chief captains, who remained, came forward and placed their weapons at his feet and commanded their men to do the same.

Most of the warriors obeyed, yet numbers would not, they preferred death io surrender, and force had to be used to wrest their weapons from them.

The Lamanite prisoners were then sent under an escort to the city of Bountiful, and when counted, were found to exceed in numbers the slain on both sides in the late battle.

Thus fell Mulek and thus died its defender, Jacob, the Zoramite.

R.

RELATION OF EDUCATION TO CRIME.

If all the legislators, statesmen and teachers in the world, had the exact statistics in regard to the whole prior condition of the criminals, we should know almost exactly how crime was caused, and what measures would prevent it.

The influence of France may be compared to that which ancient Greece possessed over the civilized world.

The French language has become the language of courts and embassadors;

the literature of the same people has been admired by the enlightened of every nation.

The inference of the reader from this declaration must be that the French are really an educated people, and producing the highest results of education in the fruits of humanity and civilizationBut if this were said of what is really the nation, that is, of a great mass of the people, it would be entirely untrue, and furnish a signal proof of the superficial manner in which history is written.

By reliable authority,it is shown that in 1832, the number of pupils in school was one in twenty-three of the population of France.

The number of children and youth in the public schools of Ohio is

RELATION OF EDUCATION TO CRIME.

rather more than one in four of the whole population.

The number in the schools of France was at that time only one-sixth the number in population to the

State of Ohio, or, in other words, of the number that ought to be in school in order to educate the whole people.

In 1833, out of thirty-eight thousand French communities, fourteen thousand were without any schools.

In the mean time great efforts were made to increase popular education;

but in there were still eight hundred communities totally without schools.

It is said there are now five millions of children attending school,but as the population of France is thirty-seven millions, even all that are now claimed to be in school is only one in seventy-four, that is to say, only about one-half of what would be if the whole people were educated.

In 1856 there were only sixty-three thousand primary schools, which, at the usual proportion of pupils, would give about four millions five hundred thousand pupils.

Looking then to the facts above given, that in 1832 only 'one-sixth of the French people were educated at all; that in 1856 less than one-half were'educated, and that in 1870, only a 'half, we shall be within bounds when we say that in more than half the French nation were not educated at all.

Now let us look at the number and proportion of crimes committed in such a population.

Let us take such general facts as we have, without reference to details.

The number of births annually was about nine hundred thousand, of which seventy-four thousand were illegitimate.

This is over eight per cent, of the whole.

If we were to go into any neighborhood we should find each thirteenth child illegitimate.

This shows how far ignorance has depraved the morals of the lower classes of the people.

In 1871, it was stated in the papers that there had been four thousand five hundred suicides in the city of Paris, which is two hundred fold the proportion in the State of Ohio.

This shows how the want of the restraining force of education (especially of moral and religious education) affects the very life of society.

Let us now proceed to trace the effects of this great ignorance in France on the number and character of crimes..

The following facts are the most startling and convincing of any we have seen to exhibit the relation of education and ignorance to crime.

From the best authority we find that the whole number of persons under arrest from 1867 to 1869, was four hundred aud forty-four thousand one hundred and thirty-three;

of this number unable to read, four hundred and forty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-four, or over ninety-five per cent.

Average number of convicts from to 1868, eighteen thousand six hundred and forty-three; number unable to read, sixteen thousand and fifteen, or over eighty-seven per cent.

Average number of juvenile prisoners from 1866 to 1868, was eight thousand one hundred and thirty-nine;

of this number unable to read, six thousand six hundred and seven, or over eighty-one per cent.

We have shown above that at least half of the French people are in a state of total ignorance.

Let us assume it as just half.

At that time France had, in round numbers, thirty-six millions of people.

Then we find these proportions, viz.:

In eighteen millions of people unable to read and write there were four hundred and forty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-four arrests that is, one in fortyone.

In the eighteen millions of people who were commonly educated there were one thousand nine hundred and thirtynine arrests;

that is, one in nine thousand two hundred and ninety-one.

Thus proving the proportion of criminals in the uneducated classes to be two hundred and twenty-six times as great as that of the educated classes.

The reader may say, this is an exaggerated case, and, while the facts are apparently true, this proportion will not hold good in other countries.

We shall show in the sequence that

RELATION OF EDUCATION TO

CRIME.

the same general principle is true, and s that when the people of different countries are more and more educated, mentally, morally and religiously, then this proportion diminishes, until, if we could imagine such a thing, society would present itself on the one hand thoroughly educated, and on the other hand without crime and without reproach.

Our mother country is, in every just sense of the word, England.

We therefore look with curious interest to the condition of her education, and its influence upon the production or cure of crime.

Let us look at the facts.

There were committed to county or borough prisons, one hundred and fiftyseven thousand two hundred and twentythree;

of these could neither read nor write, fifty-three thousand two hundred and sixty-five;

proportion of totally ignorant, thirty-four per cent.

Of the prisoners of Belgium there are forty-nine per cent, unable to read.

Of Switzerland eighty-three per cent, of the prisoners are unable to read.

Throughout Europe we find that the proportion of criminals totally ignorant, varies from thirty-five to ninety-five per cent.

These statistics prove that in Europe ignorance among criminals is the rule, and education the exception.

It is beyond all doubt that, except the negroes of the South, the mass of the people of the United States is much better educated than in Europe.

This is especially the case in New England, New York, and the central States of the north-west.

But in either case the general fact is shown, beyond doubt or controversy, that ignorance is one great cause of crime, and that, in elevating the education of society, both religious and intellectual, we advance the interests of society by diminishing crime.

Just so far, therefore, as society neglects to educate the people, just so far does it prepare the crime which the criminal commits.

We might here test facts in regard to the influence of ignorance in producing crime.

If the proportion of ignorant criminals to the whole number should prove greatly above that of the illiterate of the whole population, it will be a fact conclusive that ignorance is one great cause of crime.

In the middle States we find the proportion of illiterate criminals is eight-fold the proportion of illiterate people.

Let us see exactly how this fact will operate in New York or Pennsylvania.

Let us take ten thousand people as the unit of measure.

The result will be, according to the best authority:

people, ten thousand;

illiterate, four hundred;

estimated prisoners, forty;

prisoners illiterate, thirty-five;

others, five.

The "others"mean only a common education.

The practical result then is, that because four hundred persons out of ten thousand have been kept totally ignorant, the country or municipality has seven times as many criminals as it need have, and seven times as much expense and evil of all kinds resulting from it.

Having thus established certain general principles by the incontrovertible testimony of statistics, we shall further give a few general facts which indicate the causes of crime.

A few years ago, in the Detroit House of Correction, there were eight thousand, seven hundred and forty-four prisoners; forty-four per cent, were under thirty years of age;

sixtyfive per cent, acknowledged themselves habitually intemperate six-five per cent, were living out of the family relations only fifty-seven per cent, claimed to be able to read and write;

forty-three per cent, acknowledged themselves without any education at all.

The whole eight thousand, seven hundred and forty-four, almost without exception, were poor and generally penniless on their admission to the institution.

This fact, so generally true of criminals, must bear relation to their criminality: The improvidence that makes the spendthrift and pauper, produces also the sensuality and selfishness that seek the means of indulgence without self-denial or regard for consequences.

RELATION OF EDUCATION

TO CRIME.

The board of inspectors of the State Penitentiary of Tennessee says:

"One out of every twenty-five of the entire population of Great Britian is a juvenile delinquent—a destitute vagabond, abandoned, and, in many cases, a law-breaking child before the age of seventeen.

While the same proportion of such a class cannot be supposed to exist in this State, still the number is very large, and augmented daily with our increasing population.

While no section of the State is free from their presence, our large cities swarm with them.

They are found in every corner, and in every alley;

at the doors of the saloon and the theatre;

at our depots and wharves; here their faces greet you with features pinched by their necessities into expressions of premature shrewdness, bordering on villainy, totally foreign to the faces of well-cared-for childhood.

From the teeming crop of ignorant, neglected and criminal children is produced the large majority, if not all, of the theives, counterfeiters, forgers, burglars, robbers and murderers who fill our penitentiaries;

as also those subjects for seduction, and consequent prostitution, who fill the brothels of our cities."There is society preparing the crime which the criminal commits.

There is the negative preparation of non-education, and the positive one of temptation.

Of all reformatory agencies, religion is the first in importance, because most potent in its action on the human heart and life.

Education is also one of the vital powers in the reformation of fallen men and women, who have generally sinned through the influences of some form of ignorance conjoined with vice.

Its tendency is to quicken the intellect, expel old thoughts, give new ideas, supply material for meditation, inspire selfrespect, support pride of character, excite to higher aims, open fresh fields of exertion, minister to social and personal improvement, and afford a healthful substitute for low, vicious amusements.

Education is, therefore, a matter of primary importance in the prevention of crime and the improvement of society.

The evidence upon the intimate reflation of crime and ignorance is clear, complete and ample.

It may be comprised in two general propositions:

First:

That one-third of all criminals are totally uneducated, and that fourfifths are practically uneducated.

Secondly:

That the proportion of criminals from the illiterate classes is at least ten-fold as great as the proportion having some education.

If these proportions are true, then, after making due allowance for crimes committed from passion, without regard to education, and crimes, such as forgery, frauds, etc., which require some education, we must come to the conclusion that two-thirds of the crimes might be avoided by education, but more especially by religious training.

Against this fact some one may reply that a large number of criminals are intemperate, and, therefore, we may attribute to intemperance a large number of the crimes we now attribute to ignorance.

True, if these were parallel causes, but they are not.

In the first place, a large number of the intemperate are such from want of education, and especially from want of moral and religious training.

We see a great many educated persons (that is, commonly educated), who are intemperate, but they seldom commit crime.

Secondly, many of those committed to prison have become intemperate on account of previous criminal and vicious habits.

O. H. Riggs.

Be not simply good,—be good for something.

Kites rise against, not with, the wind.

No man ever worked his passage anywhere in a dead calm.

John Neal.

Be what nature intended you for, and you will succeed; be anything else and you will be ten thousand times worse than nothing.

Sidney Smith.

OLD LETTERS.

THE SAVIOR.

The following description of the person of the Lord Jesus

Christ was found in an ancient manuscript sent by Publius

Lentullus, President of Judea, to the Senate of Rome:

"There lives at this time, in Judea, a man of singular character, whose name is

Jesus Christ.

The barbarians esteem him as their prophet; but his followers adore him as the immediate offspring of the immortal God.

He is endowed with such unparalleled virtue as to call back the dead from their graves, and to heal every kind of disease with a word or touch.

His person is tall and elegantly shaped;

his aspect amiable and reverent;

his hair grows in those beauteous shades which no united color can match, falling in graceful curls below his ears, agreeably couching on his shoulders and parting on the crown of his head;

his dress of the sect of Nazarites; his forehead is smooth and large; his cheeks without either spot save that of lovely red;

his nose and mouth are formed with exquisite symmetry;

his beard is thick and suitable to the hair of his head, reaching a little below his chin, and parting in the middle like a fork;

his eyes are bright, clear and serene.

He rebukes with mildness, and invites with the most tender, persuasive language his whole address, whether in word or deed, being elegant, grave and strictly characteristic of so exalted a being.

No man has ever seen him laugh but the whole world beholds him weep frequently; and so persuasive are his tears, that the whole multitude cannot refrain their tears from joining in sympathy with him.

He is moderate, temperate and wise.

In short, whatever the phenomenon may turn out in the end, he seems at present to be a man of excellent beauty and divine perfections, every way surpassing men."The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, without a thought of fame.

Longfellow.

OLD LETTERS.

Those letters;

faded, worn and pale, But yet how dear, how cherished still,

For in their folds, full many a tale,

Of by-gone years, their pages fill, Which bring to life, as once again We read them o'er, mem'rys dull pain.

They bring back youth, its love, its hope, The visions of the shadowy past;

And as we trace life's inclined scope,

And backward glances hurrying cast,

We gather to our hearts as then,

The treasures which to us remain.

In living characters enshrined,

Feelings and thoughts are here portrayed,

Which speak the impress of the mind,

By friendship or affection swayed;

A true impression of the time,

When we and they were in our prime.

We live again in fancy's maze,

Our varnished life, its grief or joy;

And into former years we gaze,

And all our mental powers employ;

Recalling friends and "days of yore,"

Garnered away in memory's store.

Ah! heeded we the mute appeal,

Or thought of sympathy the need 'Tis well! when anguish we may feel, In vain ourselves we shall not plead;

For that true friendship, which bestows

An earnest care for other's woes.

Preserve those sacred treasures then,

A living flame of trust and truth;

In after years they bring again

The grace and sweetness of one's youth;

Sweet messengers of joy to me,

Freighted with love so tenderly.

Ah while we linger o'er each word,

To shapes of sympathy they've grown,

In fancy are those voices heard,

Each by a subtile influence known.

And now as then the hours beguile,

With their soft music as erstwhile.

Emmeline B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, - September, 1880.

END OF VOLUME ONE.

The present number concludes the first volume of the Contributor.

It was believed, a year ago, by the promoters of the publication, that the literary exercises of our Organization were of sufficient merit and that members had developed ability that would justify the publication of a journal in their interests.

Also that the widespread desire, which had been expressed for such a representative organ, containing the reflections of the young ladies and gentlemen of the community, would secure the publisher in the necessary outlay required to produce a magazine that would be a credit to the Associations and all who were interested in it.

The success of volume one has proven that these expectations were well founded.

Many young men and women possessing talent, some approaching genius, have been led for the first time, to give their literary productions the publicity they deserved, and continuing to write, they have improved themselves in every effort, presenting at times articles which some of the most distinguished literary, brethren of our community have pronounced as full of merit, and deserving publication in the best magazines of the day.

As to the patronage, the subscriptions received for the volume came as the voluntary expression of favor from the people.

But little canvassing was undertaken, and the publication has from the first relied on its worth for public favor, and while not attaining a very extensive circulation, it has received sufficient encouragement to pay expenses, and secure its continuation.

The second volume will begin on the first of October.

It will be enlarged by the addition of eight pages and of six lines on each page, equivalent to an increase of about ten pages of reading matter.

It will be printed on slightly tinted, fine paper, and will in every way be an improvement on the first volume.

Those who have written in the past, will mostly continue, and we anticipate introducing many new names of writers for its columns.

The increased space will afford opportunity for those who have literary taste to cultivate it, and the invitation to them, one and all, to contribute, is cordially extended.

In view of the enlargement, which we believe will be most satisfactory to subscribers, and which can be effected only by great additional expense, we respectfully request the officers of Associations and all who have acted as agents heretofore, to make a thorough canvass of their respective wards and endeavor not only to renew all old subscriptions, but to add as many more as possible.

We desire to tender our thanks to those who have aided in the establishment of the magazine by writing for its columns, and while doing so, invite them to continue their efforts, believing that the exercise will result in their improvement and in the development of better literary tastes among those who read.

It is a desirable end to have a pure and lofty tone characterizing the literature that meets with favor among t'he youth of our people, and this can only be attained by the careful cultivation of taste, feeding the appetite for reading with wholesome matter, that possesses the qualities of truth and purity, and that will eradicate the widespread disposition to waste time in pouring over the pages of worthless fiction.

Our endeavor shall be as heretofore, to

EDITORIAL.

encourage the young people of Zion to develop the gifts that have been so abundantly showered upon them by a gracious

Providence.

To advocate mutual improvement in all things, and the advancement and perpetuation of the Associations which have been organized for that purpose.

We desire to see them operating upon a broad, systematic principle, embracing every good feature calculated to promote the real interests of the members and to secure to them the most satisfactory results.

To this end the columns of the Contributor will be devoted, by publishing the best exercises, the reports of important meetings and the suggestions of those most interested and competent to advise, as well as contributed articles upon all subjects that will benefit and entertain those who are striving to improve themselves and to advance the cause of culture and improvement in the homes of the Saints.

THE MEMORIAL MONUMENT.

Not long after the funeral of the martyr Joseph Standing, the officers of the Y. M. M.

I.

Associations of the Salt Lake Stake, manifesting commendable interest in the fate of a heroic, fallen comrade, inaugurated the project of erecting to his memory a suitable memorial monument.

Notice of this intention was duly given to the Associations and subscriptions, not exceeding in amount, twenty-five cents for each person called for.

An enthusiastic response soon placed sufficient means in the hands of the committee to commence work.

Designs and estimates were made by several firms and finally the contract was awarded to Watson Bros, of this city.

These brethren completed their labors on Tuesday, the 17th of August, when at four o'clock p. m. the urn, surmounting the elegant monument, was placed in position.

There was present on the occasion the following brethren:

Rudger Clawson, T. B. Lewis, Jos. H. Felt,

Geo. C. Lambert, John W. Taylor, Jos.

Summerhays, Orson F. Whitney, William S. Burton, Heber J. Grant, Richard

W. Young and Junius F. Wells.

The monument is in the Grecian style and presents a very chaste and classical appearance.

It is cut out of the best Italian marble, except the lettering die which is of fine white marble from the quaries of Vermont.

The first granite base was presented by the Church, and is embedded in the earth, it is surmounted by a smaller one of the same stone.

Resting upon the latter is a heavily moulded marble base, which supports the die, and has inscribed upon the side facing south the name, "Joseph Standing"in large gold letters, and on the west side the following inscription:

"Erected by the M. LA. of Salt Lake

Stake, 1880."The inscriptions on the die are as follows, fronting west:

IN MEMORIAM JOSEPH STANDING, SON OF James and Mary Standing, born OCT.

5, 1854, IN SALT LAKE CITV, U. T.

On the side fronting the south is an account of the deceased's martrydom, with the names of the murderers as follows:

MARTYRED For the testimony of Jesus, while with Elder Rudger Clawson (through whose heroism the body was afterwards rescued), July 21st, 1879, near Varnell Station, Whitfield County, Georgia, by an armed mob of twelve men, viz.:

David D.

Nations, Jasper N.

Nations, A. S. Smith, David Smith, Benj. Clark, Wm.

Nations, Andrew Bradley, James Faucett, Hugh Blair, Jos.

Nations, Jefferson Hunter, Mack McClure.

On the east side is recorded the indictment and acquittal of the murderers:

THE WORSHIP OF THE PAST.

HIS MURDERERS Were indicted and two of them tried, the first upon a charge for murder and the other for riot.

Through bigotry and prejudice, both were acquitted.

Evidence of guilt was not lacking, but as the assassins boasted, "There is no law in Georgia for the Mormons."And on the side facing the north are twelve lines, composed by Bishop O.

F.

Whitney, as follows:

Beneath this stone, by friendship's hand, is lain The martyred form of one, untimely slain;

A servant of the Lord, whose works revealed

The love of Truth for which his doom was sealed.

Where foes beset—when but a single friend

Stood true, nor shunned his comrade's cruel end

Deep in the shades of ill-starred Georgia's wood,

Fair freedom's soil was crimsoned with his blood.

Our brother rests beneath his native sod,

His murderers are in the hands of God.

Weep, weep for them, not him whose silent dust

Here waits the resurrection of the just.

Within the block bearing the inscriptions is a galvanized iron box, containing the Daily Constitution, a paper published at Atlanta, Ga., of date October 23, 1879; Descret Evening News oi July 22, August 4, October 20, 25, 28 and 30, and of November 3, 1879;

Salt Lake Daily Herald of August 1, 1879, and August 17, 1880; Woman 's Exponent of

August 1, 1879; Juvenile Instructor of August r, 1879 and April 15, 1880;

and the Contributor for January, 1880.

Besides these papers, a photograph of Elder Joseph Standing, another of him and Elder Rudger Clawson, taken together, Watson Brothers'bill, and a written article concerning the erection of the monument.

Above the die is a beautifully carved cap with egg and tongue moulds, upon which rests the octagonal spire of Italian marble with its finely moulded base, the whole being surmounted by an elaborately carved blazing urn, symbolical of eternal life.

The height of the monument from the ground is twelve feet.

The workmanship shows great skill.

The script chosen is very beautiful and the letters, upwards of one thousand in number, have been cut, with but a few slight errors, in an artistic manner.

A massive sandstone coping surrounds the monument.

It will in a short time support the fence, which is being prepared, and will be an elegant iron panel, with posts at each corner.

Thus has been expressed for one whose valor and integrity elicits the admiration of mankind, the love and respect in which he was held by surviving comrades, who are preparing themselves for the labor, in which he found great delight and in the performance of which he was called to a martyr's grave.

THE WORSHIP OF THE PAST.

At Summer eve, when heaven's aerial bow

Spans with bright arch the glittering hills below,

Why to yon mountain turns the musing eye,

Whose sun-bright summit mingles with the sky?

Why do those cliffs of shadowy tint appear

More sweet than all the landscape smiling near?

'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,

And robes the mountain in its azure hue.

Campbell.

The above beautiful lines, which it is scarcely necessary to inform the reader, are the opening ones of that world popular poem, The Pleasures of Hope, were suggested to the poet by a theme quite the reverse of the one we are about to consider; and yet, before closing this essay, the writer hopes to establish something of a relation between the text and the sentiments it is here intended to foreshow.

Hope certainly paints with a fairy hand, and her portraits are so charming

THE WORSHIP OF JHE PAST.

that they frequently draw the mind away from neater objects, which, though often more beautiful than the realization of those bright dreams which "spring eternal in the human breast,"suffer materially by comparison with them, in the far away gaze of the worshiper of idealities.

But what is true of hope is also true of memory, and retrospective imaginings in general.

The worship of the past—the respect shown for things that have vanished and are beyond recall, and the comparative disregard for matters pertaining to the present, is a remarkable trait of human nature.

We sometimes hear persons speak of the good time coming, frequently hear them mourn over the good times that are gone, but there are few who say or think much of the good time already here.

It is perhaps not too much to say, that in this world where one alludes to the joys of futurity, or is engaged in securing them by utilizing the medium of the present, one hundred are bemoaning the lapse of time, faded expectations, and dwelling on joys that are gone forever.

Youth looks back upon childhood with regret, and longs for the toys and playthings, once the sole furniture of the little world it inhabited, and nearly all that was required to ensure perfect happiness therein.

Manhood glances back to youth, and sorrows over neglected opportunities which might have been used in the acquisition of mental and physical power with which to grapple the stern realities of life.

Even the grayhaired veteran will complain of himself, and bewail the loss of golden moments wasted in his prime.

And so, from youth to age, the opportunities of the present are swiftly slipping away while we are mourning over those which have already disappeared.

How strange it is that most men never think of these precious things until they are beyond their reach, and that instead of looking at and appreciating the things around them, they are continually gazing at the far off mountain and investing it with glories superior to the noble height upon which they stand; glories, too, to which it is only entitled by reason of its distance from the point of observation.

Mankind has always been ungrateful to the present, and overwhelmingly generous to the past.

Distance lends enchantment to the view.

We do not know how to appreciate our cotemporaries because their virtues are too near, and their faults too apparent.

They will not bear the scrutiny they would if removed to a distance.

When we look at our fellowmen around us, it is as though we gazed at their virtues through the large end of a telescope, and their vices through the small end; by which operation the former are unfairly diminished and the latter unduly magnified.

But when they die and a few years have elapsed, we reverse the telescope and to those virtues cry, "Beautiful"and to those vices, "Requiescat."This is why men neglect, abuse and persecute their fellow beings while living, and build costly and tenderly inscribed monuments over them when they are dead.

There once lived a great poet, who, in addition to his genius, had what most men have, some virtues and some vices.

His genius won the world's admiration and an imperishable renown;

his good qualities were quietly ignored, as such things generally are until the void they filled is made conspicuous by their absence but his errors were talked about, written about, preached about, stormed about, and the wretched man was fairly hunted into his grave, where he took refuge at an early day, and the lifeless clay was refused burial in the spot where the immortal spirit had earned it a resting place, among the bones of his country's illustrious dead.

Fifty-five years have elapsed since then, and what do we behold?

They are building him a monument, the gift of two famous nations; the one that gave him birth and the one that witnessed his death.

His poetry is still the praise and wonder of the world;

his vices are nearly forgotten or forgiven,

THE WORSHIP OF THE PAST.

and his virtues are at last coming to the surface to be talked about and magnified in their turn.

Shakspeare says:

"The evil that men do lives after them,

The good is oft interred with their bones."

We will not say that in Lord Byron's case this rule was reversed, but it certainly seems to have been only temporarily or partially true.

Here is a case somewhat different, but it points the same moral:

The name of Washington is deservedly a world-wide synonym for goodness and greatness in humanity.

His virtues have been sung and his name praised on the sea and land of both hemispheres, for over a hundred years, and probably will be down to the end of time.

But what of his faults?

Not one word.

Is it because he had none?

As well might it be said the rose has no thorn, or the day no-night.

Then who knew of them?

They who were his intimate associates.

The reason that Washington is so admired—almost deified—is because he was a great and good man, whose noble traits outnumbered his imperfections and threw them into the shade.

But a great deal of this admiration is due to the fact that he now lives only in history.

His cotemporaries saw him and knew him as he moved among them, but we who behold him today, are gazing at a mountain, grand and beautiful in itself, but made still more so by the softened light which the sunset of a century throws over it.

They were doubtless incapable, for reasons given, of fully appreciating his great and noble qualities; but we are liable to commit the error of imagining that he was perfection incarnate—a distinction which can be claimed only by One, of all the beings that have walked the earth.

To illustrate still more forcibly this propensity for trampling on the Now and bowing down to the Has Been—irrespective of vice or virtue in the subject—let us take this pure and perfect

Being as an example.

When the Son of God came down among men, he found the same state of affairs of which we have been speaking.

Moses and other dead prophets were popular, but Jesus of Nazareth was not wanted.

And he was reviled, spit upon, persecuted and put to death by these Jewish past-worshipers because he told of his heavenly origin, and had come to fulfill what was written in the very books they studied and pretended to reverence so profoundly.

Eighteen hundred years have passed, and what do we see?

Four hundred millions of people worshiping, or professing to worship, that same Jesus who was crucified, and holding sacred every word contained in the testament of his meek and lowly disciples.

And yet, if Jesus or any one of his ancient associates was to come to earth to-day and tell the things once told in Palestine and recorded in Scripture, there are those among these very professors of Christianity, who* had they the power, would again hang them upon the ignominious tree for having the audacity to bear such a testimony.

Is proof of this wanting?

Far from it.

Who instigated the murder of Joseph Smith, the first prophet raised up, since the death of the Savior and his apostles, to restore and preach the identical Gospel for which they laid down their lives?

Who were the real assassins of Joseph Standing, an elder sent forth to promulgate the principles of the selfsame religion?

They were ministers of the Gospel of Christ, professedly, and the tools they used to accomplish their work were members of the flocks these pious shepherds were leading to drink of the waters of eternal life!

And yet, "A murderer hath not eternal life abiding within him."It is the same to-day as of old.

"We have Moses and want no Jesus,"was the ancient cry of the Pharisaic mob;

the modern one is, "We have Jesus and want no Joseph Smith."Why is the system called "Mormonism"in such bad repute among the nations?

Simply because it is alive and not dead—awake instead of sleeping.

And the reason sectarian Christianity is so well spoken of is be-

THE WORSHIP OF THE PAST.

cause it is a thing of the past—a defunct body from which the spirit has departed.

But, it might be asked, will "Mormonism"have to die to become popular?

Perhaps it would were the world to remain in its present condition.

But this it will not do.

"Mormonism"is destined to become popular in its lifetime, and the world will be compelled to acknowledge its truth as it was compelled to acknowledge the truth of Galileo's startling proposition: "The earth moves."

Like every scientific and religious fact, it will have to fight its way to the summit of popularity.

This it is prepared to do.

Not by basely abdicating its position, compromising with error, or relinquishing a single tenet of the faith again delivered to the Saints.

But by steadily pushing forward in the fierce struggle of Right against Wrong, contesting for every inch until it is won, and awaiting with patience the inevitable hour when Truth, the mighty, will prevail, and righteousness shall rule from the rivers to the ends of the earth.

Then "Mormonism"will be popular, and its murdered prophets and elders praised and honored everywhere as inspired instruments of Almighty God, to prepare for his second coming.

The sun is no surer to shine to-morrow, than is this to take place in this generation.

But how few are looking for it!

Christ of the past is the all-absorbing theme of modern

Christianity; but what of the Christ of the future?

Which subject is worthiest of attention at this hour?

Ah, this blind and exclusive worship of the past is sometimes a dangerous thing.

That which is gone is not the better part of life.

The past is dead, but the present lives and breathes it is the pathway by which we reach what is to come, while the future has undeveloped treasures whose discovery will yet astonish this wise world, and cause its paltry greatness to wither to a bagstelle.

Should the past then be entirely ignored?

By no means.

The experience of what has been is the guide book to the present and the future.

We should remember the past and heed its lessons;

act in the present and grasp its opportunities; look onward to the future and live for its promised blessings.

Boys and girls!

Wish no longer for your toys and playthings; seize the books and instruments of labor, and start now to keep time with the everlasting march of progress.

Young men and women!

Heed what the past has taught you.

Be not disheartened if you have lost some valuable moments, but be careful lest in pondering over them you lose others even more precious.

Do your duty to the present, for it will soon be the past. And might I offer, without presumption, a word to the aged?

Be comforted, grayhaired fathers and mothers

If you have faithfully served the Lord all your days, or even a portion of your days, He will remember and reward you as you deserve.

Think, too, of the words of the poet:

"Something remains for us to do or dare,

Even the oldest tree some fruit may bear."And let us all cherish one thing:

The memory of the past is not to be compared to the hope of the future; and the future, with all its glories, is only to be attained through the active and unceasing effort of the present.

O. F. Whitney.

Faith cometh not by signs, but by hearing the word of God.

Jos. Smith.

If Pain comes into a heart, he is quickly followed by Pleasure; and if Pleasure enters you may be sure that Pain is not far off.

Addison.

It is an uncontroverted truth that no man ever made an ill-figure who understood his own talents, nor a good one who mistook them.

Swift.

The courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest to the grateful and appreciating heart.

It is the picayune compliments which are the most appreciated;

far more than the double ones which we sometimes pay.

Henry Clay.

A NAVAJO'S PLUCK A NAVAJO'S PLUCK.

The visit of a large party of Navajo chiefs to Salt Lake City and other towns of our prosperous Territory, a few years since, is still remembered by many who were perhaps ignorant of the causes leading to the visit.

I happened to be in Sevier County a year or so before this peaceable invasion of the valleys by the band of aboriginal dignitaries, and learned with more or less accuracy the nature of the dastardly outrage for which they came to solicit reparation.

The Navajoes, skilled in the manufacture of the durable and excellent blankets, so frequently found in our settlements, trade their wares very extensively among the neighboring and less civilized tribes, for such things as they need and do not produce.

For years, in fact it may be for hundreds of years, the Utes have been among their customers, giving in exchange for blankets the tough mustang ponies of which they raise so many.

A small trading party of Navajoes,consisting of three somewhat prominent men, and the twenty year old son of the nation's principal war-chief, set out in the middle of winter from their reservation in Arizona, to visit the camps of Anguscib and Jo, then located in Grass Valley, near Fish Lake.

They were not provided with an extensive supply of blankets, but went more as agents of the tribe, to see if commerce, which had been interrupted for some time, could not be resumed.

Much of the route from the reservation to the Colorado is along a barren and sandy desert, and over rocks and almost impassable mountains;

the river is passable at only one or two places along the entire extent of the Grand Canon, one of which they were forced to seek.

Only those who have journeyed from the river to the Utah settlements know the difficult nature of the road;

the lack of water and vegetation, and the deep sand make it one of the most tedious drives in the mountains.

However, the Indians accomplished these disheartening five hundred miles, latterly through snow and ice; they attended to their trading, and started back somewhat wealthier in horses than they came, for they had disposed of the samples they had brought along.

The journey homeward had scarcely been begun, when, falsely accused of having killed a calf belonging to a couple of non-"Mormon"ranchmen, the innocent Navajoes were. ambuscaded by these bloodthirsty wretches.

Whether the object of the ranchmen was the plunder of the small party of Indians, or whether the reckless deed arose from a careless indifference to the shedding of blood and a criminal forgetfulness of the danger, from the inveterate and powerful

Navajoes, to which such an inconsiderate action would subject our weak and unprotected frontiers, has not to my knowledge ever been determined.

The unsuspecting Indians were caught in the ambush so treacherously laid for them;

three were shot dead from their horses, and the fourth, the brave son of the old chief, was pierced through and through by a ball from one of the assassins guns, he was pursued and finally his horse was shot from under him, but friendly darkness interposed and the wounded man escaped under its protection;

in his flight he had thrown away his gun, blanket, knife and everything that tended to lessen his speed.

Then began a journey, which for hardship and peril has scarcely ever been paralleled.

Being under the impression that Mormons had committed the assault and that the people were all concerned in the outrage, he seduously avoided all settlements and houses, subsisting upon roots, which he dug from the frozen and snow covered ground with his fingers.

His wound was frightful, the bullet entered his right side and came out on the left, just missing the heart;

yet his undauntable grit sustained him under the

BITS OF TRAVEL.

hardships and sufferings to which he was subjected.

The bark of cedar trees wrapped around his body and limbs subserved the place of clothing;

for when safe from his pursuers he had found himself nearly naked.

The young fellow, foot-sore and frostbitten, after untold misery, reached the precipitous banks of the Colorado; he did not dare to apply to the ferryman for transportation, fearing the ranchmen would be in waiting for him so his only alternative, and the one to which he did not hesitate to have recourse, was to climb down, as best he could, the cliffs of the Grand Canon (in places a mile high), swim the rapid stream and reach the top of the other wall-like bank; after which, there remained the desert and mountains to cross.

At last this journey, of whose pain and privations only the imagination can write the details or grasp the extent, came to an end. The mournful story of his companions death was told by the excited youth, who demanded, in language which the recollection of past experiences and the promptings of an unhealed wound rendered more impressive, that revenge be summarily taken, that the lives of a hundred Mormons be sacrificed for each of the slaughtered Indians, that their farms be made desolate, and all the terrors of uncivilized warfare be visited upon the settlements of Southern Utah.

A few of the Mormon missionaries, including the renowned Jacob Hamblin, who chanced to be among the Navajoes at this time, saw some of the most perilous moments of their lives;

time after time the knife and gun were raised to perform their deadly work, but the sage counsels of the old and conservative

Indians prevailed, and the brethren escaped uninjured, after obtaining from the wrathful braves a promise to send an influential delegation to Utah to inquire into the matter.

It was shown to the entire satisfaction of the visiting chiefs, that our policy was and always had been, peace with the Indians, and proven conclusively to them that our people had nothing to do with the murderous assault.

Thus was prevented a war with one of the most powerful, fearless and aggressive tribes now existing.

R. W. Young.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

XII.

CITY OF MILAN.

Besides being the grand capital of Lombardy, Milan is the seat of an archbishop, and is one of the wealthiest and most prosperous cities, of Italy.

Large manufactories of silk and woolen goods afford employment to many thousands of the inhabitants and supply the staple commodities of the province.

In its patronage of Art, it takes a leading rank among the cities of the kingdom sculpture more particularly engaging the attention of its artists.

In this department so many people are employed with such success that it has become a special industry.

The Milanese sculptures are remarkable for their faithful imitations of nature, and have attained a wide notoriety for the technical skill which characterize them.

The chief picture gallery of Milan is in the Brera, formerly a Jesuit college.

It also contains the library of the academy, founded in 11 70, comprising two hundred thousand volumes, a collection of fifty thousand coins and an archaeological museum.

In the principal court is a bronze statue of Napoleon, as a Roman emperor, with a long staff in his left hand and a statue of Victory in his right.

It is above life size, and is considered one of the best works of the artist, Canova.

The gallery contains up-

BITS OF TRAVEL.

wards of eight hundred paintings, the gem of all being Raphael's far-famed Sposalizio, or the Nuptials of the Virgin, a picture about which crowds always linger in admiration and wonder.

It is surrounded by choice productions from the hands of Leonardo da Vinci, Titian,

Tintoretto, Bellini, and of foreign artists,

Rubens, Vandyke, Rembrandt and many others.

The centre of business and life in Milan is the Piazza del Duomo facing the cathedral.

From it radiate the principal thoroughfares and the Victor Emanuel

Gallery.

The latter is the most remarkable structure of the kind in Europe.

Many cities abroad have arcades and covered galleries in which are located fine shops for the sale of all kinds of fancy goods, pictures, brie a brae, etc., but of them all, this one in Milan takes the leading place.

It extends a thousand feet, is fifty Teet wide and is a hundred feet high, being covered by an artistic ceiling.

It is in the form of a Latin cross, with an octogon in the centre, over which rises a handsomely decorated cupola, one hundred and eighty feet high.

The frescoes on the sides of the octagon represent Europe, Asia, Africa and America, while those over the entrance arches are emblematical of Art, Science,

Industry and Agriculture.

The gallery is illuminated at night by two thousand gas-jets, which are lighted almost instantaneously by a small engine with clockwork attachment. The sudden flood of light over the ten thousand articles of beauty, displayed for sale, is an effect quite novel and attractive.

The Biblioteca Ambrosiana is worth visiting, for the purpose of seeing the ancient manuscripts which it contains, among the twenty thousand that fill its archives is a collection of original drawings and letters by the great master Leonardo da Vinci;

a copy of Virgil with marginal notes by Petrarch fragments of a manuscript copy of Homer, illuminated, dated the end of the fourth century;

and letters of Tasso, Galileo and other eminent scientists. The library contains one hundred and forty thousand volumes, some of which are very rare and valuable.

Not far from this building is the suppressed monastery of St. Maria delle Grazie, now occupied as a cavalry barracks.

It however is the centre of attraction to all artists and many thousand connoiseurs of art, who clamor for admission at its gates that they might behold, upon its walls, the celebrated painting of Leonardo da Vinci:

"The Last Supper."The picture is in bad preservation, there being many copies extant that have a much brighter and more satisfactory appearance.

Notwithstanding this fact there is much truth in the following observation of an eminent critic:

"Deplorable as is the condition of the "Last Supper,"the chief work executed by Leonardo during his stay in Milan, the original alone exhibits, to its full extent, the emotions which the master intended to express and which even the best copies fail to reproduce.

The motive of the work has been well explained by Goethe;

'The shock by which the artist represents the company at the sacred repast as deeply agitated, has been pronounced by the Master's words, 'One of you shall betray me.'They have been pronounced; the whole party is in dismay, while He himself bows his head with downcast eyes.

His whole attitude, the motion of his arms and hands, all seem to repeat with heavenly resignation, and his silence to confirm the mournful words—It cannot be otherwise.

'One of you shall betray me.'"Proceeding from the barracks, a short walk brings one to the oldest church in Milan.

It is that of St.

Ambrogio, founded by Saint Ambrose in the fourth century, on the ruins of an ancient temple of Bacchus.

It was, with all the buildings of Milan, almost entirely destroyed by the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in the year 1162.

It was rebuilt, however, and has stood in its present form since the twelfth century.

The gates of the

THE WARFARE THEN AND NOW.

church are represented as those which St. Ambrose closed against the emperor

Theodosius after his return from the massacre of Thessalonica. Within the church are very ancient mosaics, earlier than those of Venice, representing the Savior and the life of St. Ambrose.

In the nave is a very interesting relic, the identity of which the under credulous may question.

It is a brazen serpent upon a column and is said to be the one, which was raised by

Moses in the wilderness.

The Lombard kings and the emperors of ancient Germany formerly came to the

Church of St. Ambrose to be crowned with the celebrated Iron Crown, which previous to the reign of Barbarossa was preserved within its treasury.

It has since that time been in the custody of the Cathedral of Monsa, a few miles in the suburbs of Milan.

This cathedral is something of a remarkable structure, dating back to the year 595, when it was built by Theodolinda, the queen of Lombardy.

It contains in a casket, forming the centre of a richly decorated cross over the altar, the famous crown of iron with which thirty-four Lombard kings were crowned.

The venerable relic was last used at the coronation of the Emperor Charles V, of Napoleon, in 1805, and of

Ferdinand I, in 1838.

It consists of a broad hoop of gold, adorned with precious stones, round the interior of which is a thins trip of iron, which is reported to have been made of a nail from the true cross, brought by the empress Helena from Palestine.

In the crown was carried away by the Austrians, but was restored in to its former repository.

In the treasury of Monsa Cathedral are preserved several articles of historic interest, among them a hen with seven chickens, in gold, made by order of Queen Theodolinda, to represent Lombardy and its seven provinces; there are also two silver loaves, presented by Napoleon after his coronation;

the cross which was placed upon the breast of the

Lombard Kings at the moment of their coronation:

the goblet of Berengaria, and a mummy of one of the Visconti, dated 1413.

We have not space in this article to linger about the many old churches in and around Milan, nor to speak of the parks, the theatres, among them the world renowned Scala, where -the great prima donnas make their debuts, the beautiful streets and promenades, art collections, hotels, and a hundred other wonders, the last and greatest of which, the eighth wonder of the world to the

Milanese—the great cathedral of Milan, will form the subject for our first sketch of Travels in Italy, to begin with the next volume.

De Vallibus.

THE WARFARE THEN AND NOW.

I have always been an admirer of those noble patriots known as the revolutionary fathers.

How I love them for resisting with such manly firmness the oppression of the British ministry. What inexpressible joy thrills one while reading the eloquent sentences of that old time hero, Patrick Henry!

His words to-day arouse within one as pure a love of liberty and justice, and as deep a hatred of oppression, as glowed within his noble heart.

Who can withhold his admiration of the honesty and wisdom of

Franklin, the fiery zeal of Jefferson, the cool determination of Adams, and in fact of the intrepidity of all those noble patriots who dared, in the face of imprisonment and death, to oppose the tyranny of a bigoted king and ministry;

and when unable to get justice as subjects of the king, had the courage to declare themselves free and independent of his government?

But we must not confine our admira-

2 86 THE WARFARE THEN AND NOW.

tion to those who labored in the councils of our nation.

Those who braved the dangers of the field, to enforce the measures adopted by the legislative assemblies, are equally worthy of our honored remembrance.

We love Washington for his patience, courage and nobleness, manifested under all circumstances;

Green and Wayne for their lively zeal and vigilance; LaFayette for his determination;

Sullivan for his faithfulness and energy;

Marion, Sumter and other patriot leaders, for their fearlessness.

Indeed, we love all, whether common soldiers or commanders, citizens or statesmen, who struggled so long and nobly to secure to themselves and their posterity the blessings of freedom.

The American people demonstrated by their actions that with them "A day, an hour of virtuous liberty, is worth a whole eternity in bondage."I have often wished, in my early youth, that I had lived in those never-to-be-forgotten days, when the cause of Freedom gained a victory over oppression.

Do you ask why?

My answer would be, that I might have raised my voice in the cause of justice, or have had the honor to strike a blow in the defense of the principles that secure to man the blessings of "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."But hold! need I, or any one else, wish to have lived in those days, in order to defend these glorious principles?

Reflect a moment.

Are we not aware that there is a great struggle—aye, a greater struggle being carried on today, than that which took place one hundred years ago?

There is even more depending upon the issue of this war than there ever was on that.

The revolutionary war only concerned, at most, the nations engaged in it, with their posterity;

the war now being carried on concerns every nation, kindred, tongue and people that now live upon the earth not only them, but all people who have ever lived upon it since it rolled forth from its Creator's hand, also all those who may live upon it in the future, even down to the end of time. This important contest is between the hosts of

Heaven and the legions of Lucifer.

The principles contended for are eternal liberty, truth, righteousness, peace, happiness and eternal life; opposed to eternal slavery or bondage, error, wickedness, strife, misery and death.

If the generals of the revolution were great, patient, courageous, energetic and noble, the chieftains of the conflict now in progress are infinitely more so.

The great Commander-in-chief is Jesus Christ the Son of God.

Then follow a number of names spoken of in Holy Writ, that have exhibited as great courage, or greater, than any of those characters mentioned in the history of the revolution.

No longer, then, need we, my young brethren of Zion, desire to have lived in days now gone by, in order to have engaged in a contest for the establishment of great principles that are to bless man and his posterity.

No! there is as good an opportunity for noble actions in the living present as there ever was in the past.

If we, then, are desirous of being valiant in a good cause, let us gird on the whole armor of righteousness, put on the helmet of salvation, take the shield of faith, grasp the sword of the Spirit, and fight manfully in the cause of right.

Let us run patiently the race set before us, and if we do so battle until the end of life, there remains for us victory—

a reward even of eternal life in the presence of God and his Son Jesus

Christ, together with all the good and noble prophets, apostles and saints who have ever lived upon the earth.

B. H. Roberts.

Seek not proud riches, but such as thou mayest get justly, use soberly, distribute cheerfully and leave contentedly;

yet have no abstract or friarly contempt of them.

Bacon.

The height of fashion and the height of folly reach to about the same altitude.

MEMORY.

MEMORY.

How often we hear the expressions, "I don't remember!""I have forgotten!"Many a boy ruins the memory nature has endowed him with, by their use.

It becomes a habit to excuse himself by them, and he never makes the effort to remember, which is necessary to start the faculty of memory in motion.

If such excuses were not listened to, and young people were taught that they have no right to forget, we might hope to see the habit of observation more generally cultivated.

And the resort to such subterfuges as the above expressions would be considered, as it deserves, very flimsy and unworthy an intelligent mind.

The memory of most people is good enough for all practical purposes, provided they rely upon it, and by cultivation it can be made to perform wonders.

As an example, the following extract from the Phrenological

Journal, is presented "The history of the celebrated conjuror,

Robert Houdin, furnishes a remarkable example of the power of memory acquired by practice.

He and his brother, while yet boys, invented a game which they played in this wise:

They would pass a shop window and glance into it as they passed, without stopping, and then at the next corner compare notes and see which could recollect the greatest number of things in the window, including their relative positions.

Having tested the accuracy of their observations, returning to the window, they would go and repeat the experiment elsewhere. By this means they acquired incredible powers of observation and memory, so that after running by a shop window once, and glancing as they passed, they would enumerate every article in it.

"When Robert became a professional conjuror, this habit enabled him to achieve feats apparently miraculous.

It is told of him that, visiting a gentleman once in a friend's house, where he had never been before, he caught a glimpse of the book-case as he passed the halfopen library door.

In the course of the evening, when some of the company expressed their anxiety to witness some specimen of his power, he said to his host:

'Well, sir, I shall tell you, without stirring from this place, what books you have in your library.''Come, come,'said he, incredulously, 'that is too good.''We shall see,'replied Houdin;

'let some of the company go into the library and look, and I shall call out their names from here.'"They did so, and Houdin began: 'Top shelf, left hand, two volumes in red morocco, Gibbon's Decline and Fall; next to these four volumes in half calf, Boswell's Johnson;

Rasselas, in cloth;

Hume's History of England, in calf, two volumes, but the second one wanting,'and so ton, shelf after shelf, to the unspeakable wonder of the whole company.

More than once a gentleman stole into the drawing-room, certain that he would catch Houdin reading a catalogue but there sat the conjuror with his hands in his pockets, looking into the fire.

"This is a remarkable illustration of the result of training the perceptive faculties but it must be observed that to attain anything like such an effect, the practice must be based upon naturally good development of the organs relating to senseperception."

We may not all possess this extraordinary development of the memorizing faculty, that would enable us to perform such a feat as the above, but there are very few of the intelligent boys and girls of Utah, but have it in their power to remember the important affairs of life and the names, dates and incidents of history, if they will refrain from the abuse of memory by the habit of offering excuses.

Repay kindness in kind, not in forgetfulness.

IN MEMORIAM.

IN MEMORIAM.

We are again called upon to mourn the untimely death of a dear relative and one whose life endeared him to all who enjoyed his acquaintance.

Elder William Oliver Free departed this life Thursday, August 19, 1880, at 10 o'clock a.m.

He was born in St.

Clair County, Illinois, November 18, 1842.

Ten days previous to his death, while unhitching his team from a mowing machine, the animals became frightened and ran away.

He endeavored to save himself, but was caught by the machine, and thrown to the ground.

Four of the pointed guards, protecting the blade, entered his back, just below the shoulders, and he also received a severe blow on the neck; from the latter, and one of the wounds,which partially severed the spinal cord, paralysis immediately seized his limbs and the greater portion of his body below the shoulders.

The shock was sufficient to have caused instant death, but by the faith of friends and the administration of the Priesthood, it is believed, his life was spared for several days;

if for no other purpose, to reconcile his aged mother, who witnessed the accident, to the loss of her youngest child and constant companion for thirty-seven years.

During the time he survived, he remained conscious, spoke frequently to all of his friends who visited him, and did not suffer greatly from acute pain, though patiently enduring intense anguish from the inability to use his limbs or relieve himself in any manner.

The spark of life to which he clung gradually wasted away and he died peacefully, while his grey haired father pronounced upon him the blessings of the Priesthood.

The funeral services were held at his late residence in Sugar House Ward, on

Saturday, August 21, and were attended by a large assembly of relatives and friends.

The speakers on the occasion were, Elders Daniel H. Wells, Lorenzo D.

Young, Elnathan Eldredge, James Johnston and Bishop Apollos Driggs;

each of whom bore testimony to the noble character of the deceased, and offered words of consolation to the sorrowing relatives present.

The following lines, composed by Brother Paul Elkin, were sung by the choir:

Again, O monster!

grim and dread, Again we feel thy blow;

For thou hast numbered with the dead,

And called one hence to go, A brother, who was well beloved,

And who had labored well In Zion's cause, and whose delight

Was with the Saints to dwell.

Just in the prime of life, he went In health and strength and bloom

Grim monster Death the message sent

And called him to the tomb.

Dear Oliver where art thou now

Say dost thou linger near, And art thou mingling with the just,

That once have labored here?

We mourn thy loss dear brother,

And fain would have kept thee here,

But thou art gone to plead our cause

In a more holy sphere.

Thy will, O Lord, be done, not ours,

But let thy grace, we pray, Attend the mourners of the flower

That thus hath passed away.

Cheer up his aged parents'hearts

That they may realize, That though they now in sorrow part

They'll meet beyond the skies.

The funeral cortege, consisting of many carriages, proceeded to the city cemetery, where were laid away the remains of a just man to await a glorious resurrection.

His spirit, welcomed in the realms beyond the grave by those of brothers and sisters gone before, will perform the work that makes life perfect, and prepares the soul for that eternal felicity, promised the faithful, in an immortal life within the gates of the celestial city.