The Youth of Zion will maintain the Faith of their Fathers.

Vol.

I.

MARCH, 1880.

No.

6.

CONFIDENCE.

VI.

In number five the writer endeavored to show how the confidence of one man professing to be a Saintwas self-destroyed in his brother, and hopes to be able in this to portray the manner in which such unhappy differences frequently cut off innocent parties from some of heaven's richest blessings.

God has vouchsafed to us few greater blessings than the healing powers of the

Holy Spirit, through the prayer of faith accompanying the administration of His servants. We may safely believe, also, that there are few things which so completely humble the human heart as Death, when it lays its hand on a near relative, -or dear friend.

It was the silent touch of the angel of death smiting, at midnight, all the first-born of Egypt that caused the haughtyPharaoh and his proud oppressive hosts to cry out in fear and in anguish, and with humbled pride beseech

Moses and down-trodden, enslaved Israel to do quickly that which he had many times before denied them.

When disease gathers around us, driving peace and rest from the home, how quickly do our wandering, wayward thoughts hover around the smitten one

And how small then do seem the flitting joys of earth, how insignificant the hope of earthly gain Worldly ambition flies away, and a yearning, earnest, heartfelt prayer to God for help, becomes the living, moving passion of the soul.

A sea of regrets, crested by the dark waves of neglected duty, may intervene, but with such as have known the tender mercy of

Him who notes the sparrow's fall, the pleading supplication goes on.

In the midst of deep distress and anxiety, that presses heavily on the aching heart, the words of duty, which lead to hope, are whispered—^if any be sick among you, let him send for the Elders, who shall anoint him with oil, and, if he be not appointed unto death, the prayer of faith shall save the sick.

The brethren referred to above being neighbors, are sent for to administer to a sick, perhaps dying child, whose father knows nothing of the trouble existing between them, for they are recognized as members of the Church in full fellowship; they partake of the sacrament on the same day and under the same roof; they are prominent men, teachers of the people and members of the same ward.

There has been no Bishop's trial in which they were connected, hence it has never occurred to the father that they may be unable to offer a "prayer of faith "in behalf of his child.

He has never heard that one has no confidence in the other, and has questioned his brother's honesty.

Of all these things he is ignorant.

The first responds to the call, but feels keenly that he is not prepared to administer -in the sacred ordinances of the Holy Priesthood, and especially shrinks from laying hands upon the sick;

for he has clearly realized that his prayers are not answered

CONFIDENCE.

as they once were.

His faith is not so strong as it was before he confided to his friends his distrustful suspicions of his brother.

Frequently since that time he has been made to understand that he has asked and has not received;

knocked and the door of heaven's blessings has not been opened to him.

Lately he has prayed less, but his dislike for his brother has increased daily.

Brotherly love has gradually but surely yielded, and envy and hatred have found a place in his heart.

The wisdom of the Spirit has fled, and he is blindly trying to believe that he loves God, when he knows he hates his brother.

In this condition he reaches the bedside of his neighbor's afflicted child, and, by the quickened pulse, burning brow and throbbing heart, his experienced judgment tells him that nothing less than the power of God can save the fast ebbing life.

He is moved with deep sympathy, but painfully realizes how hard it is to exercise a saving faith.

He begins to comprehend his true position, and feels that his administration would be of no avail—little less than a mockery;

a hollow, meaningless, powerless, self-condemning lip-service.

Feeling this, and now realizing his utter unworthiness, and consequent lack of faith, he wishes, from the bottom of his heart, that they had called somebody else; and he wonders why they did not, forgetting that the self-made burden under which he bows is unknown to them.

While thus reflecting, his injured brother also comes.

They two meet, but not, at least on one side, as friends.

Are they of one heart and of one mind Can they unite as touching any one thing, even the saving of the life of that child

Can the first be united in prayer with the other, whom he has denounced as dishonest

If he thinks him to be dishonest, he cannot believe that the healing powers of God will flow to the sick through such a medium.

If, on the other hand, he now feels that he has wronged and falsely accused him, but fails to make acknowledgment accordingly, he knows himself to be a slanderer, and, as such, cannot "inherit the kingdom of God,"nor can he call down the healing powers of the Holy

One.

If, therefore, the life of the child depends upon his prayer, it must die.

Thus do the innocent suffer in consequence of the guilt of the wicked.

This is not a dream picture, drawn from a diseased or distorted imagination, but is, as many well know, a faithful record of facts which have transpired more than once in

Zion.

Under the circumstances, such a man ought to have been ashamed to touch the sick, much less to offer the mockery of a prayer over a dying child.

It would have been more the act of a Saint had he confessed his guilt there and then, and proclaimed his utter unworthiness to administer in an ordinance of the house of

God.

He had no right, under the circumstances, to administer to the sick;

revelation forbade him;

the power of healing was not in him; he had not faith;

he was more ill than the dying child for whom he tried, but could not pray;

his soul was sick and could not be healed, until he laid his offering upon the altar, and ceased to hate and became reconciled with his brother.

It is sometimes said that we have fewer manifestations of healing in Zion than many of the Saints used to enjoy in the lands from whence they have gathered.

One cause, if such be the case, is pointed out in the above.

When the Lord delivered the children of Israel from bondage,

He promised them, if they would keep His commandments, that they should have none of the diseases that afflicted the Egyptians.

He has promised to heal our sick, conditionally;

one condition being that they be not appointed unto death;

in which event, also on certain conditions, they die unto the Lord another, the anointing with oil, and the prayer of faith by the Elders.

Now, any one may anoint with oil, but every Elder cannot pray with faith.

For faith is the gift of God, and is seldom given to those

CONFIDENCE.

who knowingly break His commandments.

By faith worlds have been created, and the waves of the ocean have been stayed.

With faith man has stopped the mouths of lions, and resisted and overcome fire.

By it the sick have been healed, the dead raised, and Zion thus far established.

Can we then believe God is willing to bestow this key of power upon the backbiter, false accuser, blasphemer, or upon him who says he loves God when he hates his brother No, we do not believe it.

Thus, how sad to contemplate the evil results produced by an ungoverned tongue, whose possessor has suffered a discontented and fault-finding spirit to taint his soul, till his whole body is diseased, rendering even the tones of his voice harsh, unfeeling and repulsive;

blighting with his withering breath and bitter words all with whom he comes in contact.

Earth is filled with cruel words, whose fiery blasts scorch many a tender, confiding heart, and dry up its fountains of joy.

Many a life has been darkened and made sad and sore by their heavy, grinding weight.

To brethren and sisters, wives and children, some perhaps utter them carelessly, but they have, nevertheless, framed words that scatter poisonous seed, that will bring forth deadly fruitage.

Yes, men speak these sharp-cutting words to and about their brethren, and then wonder at the desolation and ruin they cause, and seem astonished that good men turn away from and cease to prize or respect them.

If we sow tares, can we expect to reap wheat?

"Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?"

Are we so blind that we do not see the unloveliness and confidence-destroying sin of these hasty, spite-begotten words

No wonder that we find the pages of our life-book blotted and stained, for our eyes seem closed to the lessons which are written all about us.

The ruin and desolation caused by our bitter, passionate words and cruel accusations, lie scattered along our path of life.

Sweet joys are withered by their breath;

bright hopes are killed at their birth faith and confidence shrink back, while fond, trustful hearts are torn and writhing.

Such in part—we shall hereafter pay the uttermost farthing—is the price we are paying for the deadly blows we are dealing with these rash, unfeeling words and selfish, unjust judgments.

Would it not be wiser and better to turn away from these things now, than to meet them and answer the consequences hereafter, when our faculties are quickened by immortality? When the books are opened, blessed shall be he who finds their pages unstained by his cruel, hasty, earth-spoken words.

How much evil we do when we might do good How much reproach we bring upon ourselves and others by our inconsistencies

How little we practice what we preach How little indeed we do unto others as we would that they should do unto us How often we destroy confidence in each other by yielding to the prompting of short-sighted self-interest!

We permit little jealousies and animosities to rankle in our hearts, and pride and envy, vain and impotent, to fill them.

How little of real charity and genuine esteem we feel for our brethren and sisters

How imperfect are the lives which we might make majestic and beautiful, with the daily expressions of loving words and tender sympathies, and by deeds of kindness and gentle ministrations.

Did you never see those that have appeared the very embodiment of goodness, in whose presence was a magical, irresistible attraction Have they not seemed to you like an oasis in a desert, or like green and fertile spots in a barren waste You have sighed to be like them, as good and beautiful.

You can be, if you will only make the endeavor;

you can adorn your soul with such grace, you can make your life so attractive, that you will carry with you, wherever you go, a charm most potent.

Did you receive that bitter upbraiding patiently and silently Did you speak words of sym-

CONFIDENCE.

pathy and hopeful cheer to that poor dependent soul Did you feed the hungry and clothe the naked Did you cheer the forsaken and wipe away the tears of the distressed With a soft word did you turn away wrath Did you lighten the burden of that weary brother or sister

Heaven will reward you;

assistance will come down from above when you are weary and heavy ladened.

Would that we treasured these opportunities for doing good, and prized them more highly; they are unfading jewels, with which we may adorn our souls.

Let us strive to so live that our acts may cast no remorseful shadows around us.

It is only as we grow nobler and better that we really live; only as the heart advances and cherishes that which is pure and good, that we move on towards the peace and repose of final victory.

While making the journey, and fighting the battles of life, there are few things of more importance than confidence between man and man, "brother and brother, husband and wife, parents and children it is a bond of priceless value that can only be established by a thorough knowledge of the Gospel, and practical illustration of the same by acts rather than words.

Thank God there are many individuals in the midst of the Saints who have never bowed the knee to Baal, and in whom the fullest faith is felt by all good men and women who have the pleasure of their acquaintance.

Any trust which they undertake is invariably discharged with fidelity;

any statement made by them is worthy of the utmost confidence, for they are truthful, reliable and trustworthy.

When appealed to as arbiters, or sitting, under the laws of the Church, as judges, their decision is depended upon as that of equity, reason and justice.

Such characters constitute shining examples, worthy of just admiration; forming as they do an incentive to the pure, virtuous and highminded.

They carry with them unquestioned endorsements to which our young people should look with confidence and courage, as the highest earthly reward of their youthful efforts in life.

"There are men who are good for goodness'sake.

In obscurity, in retirement, beneath the shadow of ten thousand dwellings, scarcely known to the world, and never asking to be known, there are good men in adversity, in poverty, amid temptations, amid all the severity of earthly trials, there are good men, whose lives shed brightness upon the dark clouds that surround them.

Be it true, if we must admit the sad truth, that many are wrong and persist in living wrong;

that many are false to every holy trust, and faithless toward every holy affection;

that many are estranged from infinite goodness;

that many are coldly selfish and meanly sensual—yes, cold and dead to everything that is not wrapped up in the veil of fleshly appetites.

Be it so;

but we thank God that is not all we are obliged to believe.

No;

there are true hearts amid the throng of the false and the faithless.

There are warm and generous hearts, which the cold atmosphere of surrounding selfishness never chills and eyes, unused to weep for personal sorrow, which often overflow with sympathy for the sorrows of others.

Yes, there are good men, and true men; we thank them and bless them for what they are.

God from on high doth bless them, and He giveth His angels charge to keep them; and nowhere in the holy record are there words more precious or strong than those in which it is written that God loveth these righteous ones.

Such men there are;

let not their precious virtues be distrusted.

As surely and as evidently as some men have obeyed the calls of ambition and pleasure, so surely and so evidently have other men obeyed the call of conscience, and "chosen rather to suffer with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season."Why, every meek man suffers in a conflict keener far than the contestant for honor and applause.

And there are such men, who, amid injury and insult, and misconstruction, and

THE COMPASS.

the pointed finger, and the scornful look of pride, stand firm in their integrity and allegiance to loftier principles; who still their throbbing hearts in prayer, and hush them to the gentle motions of kindness and pity.

Such are the witnesses, even in this bad world, that a redeeming work is going forward amid its mournful dereliction; proofs that it is not a world entirely forsaken of heaven;

pledges that it will not be forsaken; tokens that cheer and touch every good and thoughtful mind, beyond all other power of earth to penetrate and enkindle it."

Moses Thatcher.

A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city; and their contentions are like the bars of a castle.

THE COMPASS.

In certain parts of the world, but especially in Sweden, is found an ore which is very extensively used in the manufacture of iron and steel of the very best quality.

It is called magnetic oxyd of iron, or lodestone.

A very peculiar characteristic of this stone is, that it will readily attract and hold to its surface anything made of iron.

If the bar is of steel, it will itself be able to attract like the stone.

Another fact would also be noticed, if we should throw iron filings on and around the bar, namely;

that they are all attracted at the ends of the bar, while those that are near the centre are not attracted at all;

thus showing that the force resides in the ends only.

Now, if another bar be taken and treated in the same way, it will be noticed, on bringing them together, that the two ends which occupied the same position on the stone will not be drawn to each other, but will be repelled.

But if the ends that occupied opposite positions while they were lying on the stone are brought together it would be noticed that they are immediately drawn together.

The ends of a bar in which this force has been induced are called poles, and the bar itself is said to be magnetized and also polarized.

From the above simple experiment we can readily deduce the law of attraction of polarized bodies, namely:

Like poles repel, and unlike attract.

Another peculiarity of this force would be observed, if a needle, magnetized as above, was suspended by means of a fine silk thread, and allowed to swing around until it came to rest, when it would be observed to point in a direction nearly north, and in some parts of the world it would point directly north; but here in Salt Lake City it points about sixteen or seventeen degrees to the east.

No matter how often it were disturbed it would always come to rest, pointing in the same direction and with the same end toward the north.

If in our latitude a needle be suspended by means of a thread, and in such a manner that it is perfectly horizontal, and it be then magnetized, the north end will be inclined towards the earth's surface, as though it were heavier, and the further north we go the more it would be inclined, until if we should come to some point in Baffin's Bay, the needle would point directly toward the surface of the earth.

But if we should go south, it would approach nearer and nearer to a horizontal position until we arrived near to the equator, where neither one end nor the other would appear to be heavier, but on going still further south, the south end would begin to dip toward the earth, and when we should reach a point opposite to that already mentioned the needle would be in a vertical position, only the south end would point toward the earth.

Nearly the same results would follow,. if we should move the needle, suspended

THE COMPASS.

as above, over a magnetized rod, thus showing that the earth itself acts like a great magnet, but the poles, as we have seen above, do not coincide with the geographical poles of the earth.

And, since this is so, and the attractive force residing in the earth draws the needle to the North Magnetic Pole, the direction taken can be directly north only on certain parts of the earth's surface, while on all others it must be either to the east or west of a north and south line; hence, a needle located here, would point to the east of north, as stated above.

The nature of the interior of the earth from which is derived this magnetic force is little understood in fact, all that we know of it is that the force exists, and also that it is simply a directing force, for if we suspend a needle as above, though the most accurate observations be made, the thread still remains vertical, thus showing that the only effect of this force in the earth has been to give the needle direction simply, and not to draw it any nearer to the north.

Most of the facts above slated can be readily learned by some interesting experiments, in which the only apparatus necessary is some silk thread and a steel knife blade or steel wire, which may be magnetized by bringing in contact with lodestone, or any bar or horseshoe magnet, such as most of us no doubt have already seen.

Before the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries of the present era, navigators possessed no instrument whereby they might ascertain the direction in which they were sailing, when the heavens were hidden from view by the clouds;

thus they were obliged to sail along the coast, and always keep it in view, otherwise they might encounter a storm and, not knowing in what direction they were sailing, they would be lost.

A voyage which might now occupy but a few days, would in those times require almost as many months for its completion, in consequence of its great length, as they were obliged to follow the sinuous windings of the coast.

Thus it is seen that some instrument was necessary to enable them to venture out on the open sea without fear of being lost, before any great improvement in navigation could be expected.

Though the polarity of lodestone and magnetic needles seems to have been known among

Europeans for some time, it was not until about the time of Christopher Columbus, or a little before, that the compass came into general use among civilized nations.

It required some time before its importance could be fully understood.

The compass, as we have it now, is not the invention of any one person, but probably of many who have at times suggested one little improvement after another, so that, though several may lay claim to it, to no one of them in particular can the honor be assigned.

The first mention we have in history of anything approaching the compass in character is found in the Chinese history.

The Emperor Hoang-ti, 2634 B. C, while carrying on war with an enemy was enveloped in a fog on a great plain and was unable to find his way out, but in this crisis a machine was constructed in the figure of a man pointing to the south, and was placed on a chariot.

By means of this he was enabled to find his way out, and then falling suddenly on his enemy, he gained a complete victory.

The power of the lodestone, to make iron magnetic, was not known until about 121 A. D., and this fact is also contained in the Chinese history;

but it seems to have been put to no very important use until between the years 265 and 419 A.

D., when it was employed, according to the Chinese, as a means of determining direction in making their sea voyages.

Navigation has made but very little progress among this people for the last two thousand years in fact, it seems to have gone backward, as we read in their history of the long voyages which they were accustomed to make, even as far as

Hindostan; but when China was first visited by

Europeans in the beginning of the sixteenth century, it was not custom-

CHARACTER SKETCHES.

ary for the Chinese to make voyages much farther than the peninsula of Malacca.

Their compass, consisting of a bar of magnetized iron balanced on a pivot, was immersed in water, so that it would come to rest much sooner, and being partly buoyed up by the water, would be more delicately poised, and hence indicate the direction with greater accuracy.

How the compass was introduced into Europe is a question very difficult to decide, but it is believed by some that it came through the Arabs, who were the most civilized people upon the globe before the nations of Europe; though Chardin, a great traveler in the East, would lead us to believe from his narratives that the Chinese and other Eastern nations knew nothing of the use of the compass until it was introduced among them by the Europeans.

Barlowe, on the other hand, in the report of an interview he had with two natives of the East Indies, who were on a visit to England, proves quite conclusively that the people of the East were long acquainted with various forms of the compass as the needle delicately poised and immersed in water, mentioned above a splinter of wood floated on water with the magnetic needle upon it, and the fish of magnetized iron made hollow so as to float.

In European history, the first to mention the compass is Neckham, some time in the twelfth century, and shortly after this we hear of its use by the Norwegians, who long before this time had been the boldest navigators on the Northern seas, and the most daring pirates on the coasts of the Baltic and German Ocean.

They had even gone so far as to discover the islands of Greenland and Iceland, and also the coast of America, where they are believed to have established some few settlements as early as the eleventh century.

One Gioja, a native of the city of Naples, has the reputation of having invented the mariner's compass, but his claims are not now considered good. Nor is the story better founded, that Marco

Polo, the great Venetian traveler, brought the compass with him on his return from his wonderful journey to Pekin in the thirteenth century.

Quebec.

Open rebuke is better than secret love.

CHARACTER SKETCHES, IV.

THE SONS OF DIOMEDES.

Before the nations of ancient Greece became subject to the power of Rome, they calculated their time according to periods of four years each, called Olympiads.

These Olympiads derived their name from certain national games near the city of Olympia, taking place every four years, and consisting partly in various athletic exercises, and partly in the reading of poetical compositions, etc., in all of which young men from the various

Grecian nations struggled in noble competition for the honor of the highest prize a crown or wreath of laurel, besides having their names inscribed on the tablets of Olympia, among the victors of many centuries.

Great was the honor of such a young man, and his name was passed from mouth to mouth, from city to city, from one Grecian country to another, until the next Olympiad made room for similar honors to others.

There was peace throughout Greece while the games lasted, for the contentions, wars and civil strifes among the Grecian tribes remained suspended during that hallowed time.

On one of these occasions, it happened that all three sons of a man with the name of Diomedes, himself once a victor at the games, were crowned, each as

SELF EDUCATION.

a victor at some game; but they immediately started in search of their aged father, followed by a shouting and jubilant multitude, and as soon as they met him, placed their laurel wreaths upon his venerable head, hoisted him upon their shoulders, and carried him in triumph around the theatre, declaring that he, who had enabled his children, by careful training, to earn the crowns, ought to wear them;

which declaration aroused the enthusiasm of the people to such an extent that each endeavored to excel the other in praising those noble sons, who thus honored their aged father;

extolling their gratitude, and realizing that crowns had never been placed upon worthier heads.

While this extraordinary procession was making its round from nation to nation, as each was stationed at the great plain, a Spartan stepped up in front of the group, and, addressing the father enthroned upon the shoulders of his honored sons, exclaimed:

"Die, Diomedes, die, for such a glorious day thou never canst see again And, it is said, old Diomedes, overcome by the great joy of his heart, dropped his head upon his breast, and, with his arms around the necks of his two sons, while the third was kneeling before him, holding his trembling feet, he breathed his last.

One cannot deny to those three young men the just tribute of praise and admiration, not so much for their victories at the games, which were only of value from a Grecian point of view, but for that far greater victory which the gratitude of their hearts gained over personal vanity, securing thereby that crown which

God has promised to all that will honor their father and mother.

These young men were heathen, worshiping idols, or creations of poetical fancies, and were even not acquainted with the written law of Moses, called the

Fifth Commandment, but it was in their hearts, standing there as a portion of that great universal law of nature, which

God has written, as well as that of Mount

Sinai.

The sons and daughters of the Latterday Saints, having in addition to these two laws the Spirit of Revelation, the guidance of the Holy Priesthood, and an organization of brotherhood and sisterhood encircling them round about, by which they may become acquainted with all those principles that raise men in the scale of nobility, and are calculated to bring them nearer unto their God, would search in vain for an excuse for having neglected that duty toward their parents, which God has enjoined upon them, and which their parents so richly deserve and their own hearts should dictate.

For to their parents they are indebted for the greatest of all crowns, not lasting for only four years, but destined to stand the changes of all times, provided they earn it by their compliance with the received instruction—an eternal inheritance in the

Kingdom of Heaven.

K. G. M.

Wisdom is better than weapons of war.

SELF EDUCATION.

Children are flowers in the garden of the world, placed there to be nourished, trained and developed.

In nature there is an order and march of development.

If we disturb or interfere with this order, we mar the peace and harmony of the mind.

The child's intellectual training must be considered a part of its moral training.

For whatever increases our knowledge of things as they are, leads to the appreciation of truth;

for truth, in the widest sense of the term, is this knowledge.

But the acquisition of knowledge, as requiring mental effort, and therefore exercising the active powers, necessarily increases the capacity to form judgments and moral questions;

so that, in ratio, as

SELF EDUCATION.

we cultivate the will, the affections and the conscience, with a view to independent action, we must cultivate the intellect, which is to impose the proper limits on that independence;

and on the other hand, in ratio as we cultivate the intellect, we must train the moral powers which are to carry its decisions into effect.

Moral and intellectual education must consequently, in the formation of the human being, proceed together, the one stimulating and maintaining the action of the other.

We must, therefore, instruct as well as educate; and indeed educate by means of instruction.

The teacher is the accoucheur of the mind; he brings it out into the sunlight of life, arouses its dormant powers and makes it conscious of their possession.

The great strength of the teacher lies in his ability for developing the faculties of his pupil, to set the intellectual machinery in motion, to make it work and keep it working; this is the principal object at which the true teacher aims.

The mind is a living power;

it is acted upon by stirring up its own activities.

The operation upon mind, unlike the operation upon matter, must have the active, voluntary cooperation of that upon which it works.

The teacher is doing his work only so far as he gets work from the pupil.

The very essence and root of the work are in the pupil, not in the teacher.

The old Romans, in their word education, educate, to draw out, seem to have come nearer to the true idea than any other people have done.

The teacher is to draw out the resources of the pupil.

Yet, even this word comes short of the exact truth.

The teacher must put in as well as draw out.

No process of pumping will draw out of a child's mind knowledge which is not there.

All the power of the Socratic method, could it be applied by Socrates himself, would be unavailing to draw from the child's mind, by mere questioning, a knowledge, for instance, of chemical affinity, of the solar system, of the temperature of the Gulf Stream, etc.

Teaching is causing any one to know.

No one can be made to know a thing but by the act of his own powers.

This selfdevelopment is the consequence of the self-activity of the pupil's own mind—of the experience which his mind goes through in dealing with the matter to be learned.

This experience must be his own;

by no other experience than his own can he be educated at all.

The education, therefore, that he gains is selfeducation; and the teacher is constituted as the stimulator and director of the intellectual processes by which the learner educates himself.

This I hold to be the central principle of all education, of all teaching.

The most important part of an edifice, as to its strength and durability, is its foundation.

Our educational strength, in a great measure, depends upon the construction of its foundation.

Therefore,elementary education should have our special attention.

Elementary education means not definite instruction in special subjects, but the eliciting of the powers of the child as preparatory to definite instruction—it means that course of cultivation which the mind of every child ought to go through, in order to secure the allsided development of its powers.

It does not mean learning to read, write and cipher, which are matters of instruction, but the exercises which should precede them.

Viewed more generally, it is that assiduous work of the child's mind upon facts, as the building materials of knowledge, by which they are to be shaped and prepared for their place in the edifice.

After this is done, and not before, instruction proper commences its systematic work.

We might lay this down as a rule for our guidance

Always have the child begin his education by dealing with concrete things and facts, never with abstractions and generalizations, such as definitions, rules, and propositions couched in words.

Things first, afterwards words—particular facts first, afterwards general facts or principles.

He has eyes, ears and fingers, which he can employ on things and facts,

i3° SELF EDUCA TION.

and gain ideas, that is, knowledge, from them.

This employment constitutes his elementary education—the education which makes him conscious of his powers, forms the mind, and prepares it for its afterwork.

Some recognize observation as the absolute basis of all knowledge.

The idea, perhaps, corresponds rather more closely to our word perception.

We see a thing which merely flits before our eyes, but we perceive it only when we have exhausted the action of our senses upon it, when we have dealt with it by the whole mind.

The act of perception, then, is the act by which we know the object.

If observation is the absolute basis of all knowledge, and we have the best of reasons for believing it is, it must be the prime agent in elementary education.

The demands of this theory can only be satisfied by educating the learner's senses, and making him, by their use, an accurate observer; and this is not merely for the purpose of quickening the senses, but of securing clear and definite perceptions; and this again with a view to lay firmly the foundation of all knowledge.

The habit of accurate observation is not taught by nature.

It must be acquired by experience.

A child does not catch a gold fish in water at the first trial, however good his eyes may be, and how.

ever clear the water.

The powers of observation must be trained.

Knowledge and method are necessary to enable him to take what is actually before his eyes and under his hand.

It is scarcely necessary to show in detail what is meant by the education of the senses.

This education consists in their exercise—an exercise which involves the development of all the elementary powers of the learner.

Any one may see this education going on in the games and employments of the Kindergarten, and indeed in the occupations of every little child left to himself.

It is therefore in the strictest sense of the term, self-education.

Elementary education, rightly understood, applies also to the initiatory stage of all definite instruction.

If we accept the doctrine that all education must begin with the near, the actual, the real, the concrete, we must not begin any subject whatever, in the case of children, with the remote, the abstract, and the ideal, that is, never with definitions, generalties, or rules; which, as far as their experience is concerned, all belong to this category.

In teaching physics, then, we must begin with the phenomena themselves;

in teaching magnetism, for instance, with the child's actual experience of the mutual attraction of the magnet and the steel bar;

arithmetic must begin with counting and grouping tangible objects, not with abstract numbers;

geography, not with excursions into unknown regions, but with the schoolroom, the houses, the play-grounds, etc., then proceeding concentrically;

language, too, with observing words and sentences as facts to be compared together, classified and generalized by the learner himself.

In all these cases the same principle applies.

The learner must first gain personal experience in the area of the near and the real, in which he can exercise his own powers;

this area thus becomes the known, which is to interpret the unknown, and thus the principle is established that the learner educates hionself under the stimulation and direction of the educator.

"Pour in knowledge gently,"says Plato, who was one of the wisest men of ancient Greece.

He observed that "the minds of children are like bottles with very narrow mouths.

If you attempt to fill them too rapidly, much knowledge is wasted and little received, whereas with a small stream they are easily filled.''Socrates, who was Plato's teacher, made it the great business of his life to drawout or educe truth, by questionings and analogies.

But to-day we neither use the pouring in nor the drawing out systems, but a more perfect development of the principle based upon the knowledge of the fact that the mind is an independent, living intelligence, susceptible ot

DRIFTING.

growth and capable of originating thought.

This growth commences by feeding the mind sparingly with only such material as it is capable of digesting, and for which a healthy, regular appetite is thus created.

We must give the children some mental aliment that they can relish, some material for thought that they can comprehend.

0. H. Riggs.

The AVay to Prosperity.—When one man has done well in the world, it is natural for the rest to wish to know by what means he prospered.

If we make this inquiry respecting Benjamin Franklin, we shall find satisfactory answers in the writings he has left to us.

He says:

"The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market.

It depends chiefly on two words—industry and frugality;

that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both.

Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with, everything.

After industry and frugality, nothing contributes more to the raising of a young man in the world than punctuality and justice in all his dealings."Diligence is the mother of good luck.

God gives all things to the industrious.

Work while it is called to-day> for you know not how much you may be hindered to-morrow.

Never leave that till to-morrow which you can do to-day.

If you were a servant, would you not be ashamed that a good master should catch you idle?

If then you are your own master, be ashamed to catch yourself idle. Employ your time well, if you mean to gain leisure, and since you are not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour.

Thorgsison.

Reprove not a scorner lest he hate thee rebuke a wise man and he will love thee.

Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with conscious pride, but allude to his wooden head, and he's mad in a minute.

"What is your name?"asked ateacher of a boy.

"My name is Jule,"was the reply.

Whereupon the teacher impressively said:

"You should have said, 'Julius, sir.'And now, my lad,"turning to another boy, "what is your name?""Billious, sir."DRIFTING.

Drifting apart, two fallen leaves

On the rippling face of a laughing tide,

Yet each coquetting with makebelieves

That yet they are floating side by side

Dancing and drifting to music sweet

Murmuring music 'neath autumn's sun

They, in the spring-time and summer's heat,

On the same tree had their life as one

Drifting apart, obstructions tell

Further and further they now divide;

One goes down where the rapids swell, The other finds home by a silent ride

Quiet it floats, and a peaceful nook

Controls its end where it sinks away;

The other is dashed and rudely shook,

But like its fellow it meets decay Drifting apart—two human hearts, Though life's sun glows in their azure skies, And ever from each the one thought starts, "'Tis only a moment,"which both despise.

A moment of life, yet fraught with death, From chilling words, or a dark surmise 'Tis drifting apart, yet neither saith, "The distance is creeping,"with slight disguise

The one by a quiet pathway lies

Out of the current, in shady nooks

The other, the whirl of excitement tries,

For pleasure is followed by garish looks

Destiny, acting on self, is met, Through self-delusion the end portray,

Dancing or silent, the sun will set,

And drifting apart, love meets decay 1.

//. W. Naisbitt

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, March, 1880.

INTEGRITY OF THE YOUTH.

The question is often asked by strangers, and others interested in the subject "Do the young Mormons believe in the doctrines of their fathers, and will they adhere as tenaciously as the older ones have, to the obnoxious tenets of faith that have given Mormonism world wide fame?"There are some who think they see indications among the youthful portion of our community that assures them of decided indifference, if not of opposition existing in the breasts of the rising generation to those doctrines.

The missionary teachers and sectarian priests who have located in our country, seem to predicate their hopes of uprooting the whole Institution and of sweeping Mormonism from the face of the earth, on the evidences of youthful infidelity which they think they have discovered here.

There is no argument they so zealously and persistently advance when on their begging trips in the East, as this.

They say, these young Mormons are sick of their father's doctrines, and of their father's ways.

They are naturally bright and intelligent—thanks, gentlemen, thanks—and we want to educate them as we are educated in the world.

Let us do this and in a few years we will show the grand solution of the Mormon problem.

It appears that this kind of representation has been going on for a long time, and has more effectually reached the hearts of the benevolent and untied the purse strings of the charitable than any other villainous fabrication the ingenuity of this class of would-be benefactors have been able to conjure up.

It must be a very superficial view those take, if there are any such, who really believe that there is lack of interest, faith, or devotion on the part of the youth of this people in the principles of the Gospel which their parents have taught them.

And, to suppose from such imaginary evidence, that these doctrines will eventually be abandoned and the Institution known as Mormonism will be destroyed, is the most absurd nonsense, and clearly shows that those who entertain such ideas are wholly ignorant of the nature of that Institution, and have failed to examine or inquire into the influences at work to secure its establishment and perpetuation forever.

Should the benevolent people of the world require the mission priests and teachers, who go from here, to show the actual facts as they exist on this subject before giving their means to support mission schools, we are of the opinion that mission schools would not be so numerous here, and that mission teachers would not be so able to extend education so freely, without money and without price, to their own children and the children of their particular friends, as they do at present.

Slight investigation would probably develop the fact that the money begged of people in the East to educate poor deluded Mormon boys and girls, really goes to educate the children of the poor beggars themselves and of their immediate friends.

That there are Mormons who are foolish enough to give some grounds for the piteous cry for help, more money, backsheesh, by sending their children to the mission schools cannot be denied.

Although those who do so, generally pay the highest rates of tuition, and so far from being the objects of charity, consider themselves very liberally disposed towards the real objects of charity, the

EDITORIAL.

mission teachers and mission priests, by patronizing them.

Mormonism is too true either to die a natural death or to be destroyed by the infidelity of apostates, the sectarian education of mission schools, the prejudiced rulings of courts or the force of infuriated armed hosts.

And being true it is planted in the very being of tens of thousands, now in their minority, who would no more waver from its precepts, or depart from the sacred and natural obligations it, as their birth-right, secured by the sufferings of their fathers, has imposed upon them, than they would violate any other natural law, the consequence of which would be destruction.

There are many reasons why the Mormon youth hold with the strongest grasp the doctrines of their fathers, aud look forward to success in life only through obedience to and faith in the sacred injunctions put upon them.

The early history of the Church affords such convincing evidence of the recognition and favor of the Divine Being lavished upon the persecuted Saints, that even strangers acknowledge their remarkable deliverances, and the children of those Saints praise God and honor Him for His watchcare and His supreme power, by which deliverance was made possible, and prosperity and success, in the face of relentless opposition, has been secured.

Seeing the favor of God winning victory and glorious triumph for their fathers over every obstacle and foe, is it reasonable that the youth should abandon the holy principles, which convince their reason and enliven every noble sentiment of their hearts, for the horrid fate of an apostate, that is made to appear doubly odious by seeing the wretched examples of apostasy that are among us.

The Mormon youth know that they were never taught a thing for Mormonism that is not pure, true, virtuous, upright and that will not bear the closest scrutiny and stand the severest test that can be applied to it.

And that they must do something wrong, mean, low, contemptible and unworthy an honest heart to ever depart from the principles of truth bequeathed them by their faithful parents.

A child reared in Mormonism, and taught so that he understands the doctrines, cannot at any future time ignore and depart from them, without wilfully breaking the simplest commandments of God known to all Christendom;

rendering himself devoid of self respect and unworthy the respect of others.

It is as impossible for him to do so as it would be for a child, taught at school that twice two are four, to deny it in after life and escape being called a fool.

And yet we have known of professed

Christian ministers in their unhallowed zeal, to entirely waive the matter of conscience, reason, truth, right and honesty, and to implore the youth of Mormondom to sacrifice all these and be one with them.

Carefully contemplate the worth of a union, bought at such a price, and you have the exact value of any possible union, between an apostate from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and any man or association of men.

Therefore, if the love of truth does not maintain the integrity of Zion's youth to the principles which they inherit, the fear of that falsity of an apostate and the unbearable woe which it entails, will.

In regard to indifference of the youth;

where there is one so foolish and weak that he will yield to the temptations and snares set for him by the cunning agents, whose work is to destroy rather than to save, ten are engaged in honest toil, with the future of Zion before them as their life's work.

Valiant in their advocacy of the-truth; honest in their purpose to live the lives of saints; unswerving in their integrity to the cause, they will never bring the blush of shame to the pale cheek of a father grown old in the battle, but will push on in the warfare until Zion conquers, and all men acknowledge that the Lord is most powerful and that Truth will prevail.

*34 THE NAUVOO BRASS BAND.

THE NAUVOO BRASS BAND.

Anything that carries us back to the early experiences of the Church, whether it be interesting in itself or not, cannot fail to afford entertainment, from the associations with which it is connected;

a sketch, therefore, of the Nauvoo Brass Band, an organization which existed during the most troublous period of Church history, may be read with pleasure by those who feel an interest in the events of that time.

The city of Nauvoo sprang from a group of old houses standing on the left bank of the Mississippi, and distinguished, until the settlement of the Saints in that region, by the name of Commerce; from 1839, the date of the exodus from Missouri, the city continued to be enlarged by the arrival of families of Saints, until in 1844 its population was estimated to be from twelve to fifteen thousand souls.

The immunity from persecution, which it was hoped might be enjoyed in this spot, and which was really enjoyed for a brief period, turned out to be of short duration;

political hatred, the detractions of enemies in Missouri,the envy of adjacent settlements, combined before long to render the liberties of the Saints as insecure as they had ever been.

It was from these causes that the Governor of Illinois, powerless to afford any other protection, was induced to authorize the organization of the Nauvoo Legion, which, while it was subject to the call of the State as Militia, served also as a check to the violence of the mob.

After Joseph Smith received his commission as Lieutenant General of

Militia, the Nauvoo Legion amounted to four or five thousand men; and when the ranks were swelled by volunteers from the surrounding country, the number was often increased several thousand more.

To E. P. Dusette, a man of whom it is said he made the drum almost a solo instrument, had been given the rank of Chief of Music in the Legion a Martial Band had been formed, with Levi W.

Hancock as Fife Major, and the frequent drills and parades had been executed to the time of some dozen fifes and drums.* The manoeuvres of so large a body as the Legion grew to be could not properly be conducted with one small band of music, and the thought of a brass band therefore suggested itself to the General.

Upon inquiry it was found that there were several men in the ranks who either were or had been at some time performers on brass and reed instruments; and at the call of the Prophet a meeting was held in the house of John W. Coolidge, some time during the year 1842—but the precise date of which I have been unable to ascertain—where the organization of the Nauvoo Brass Band was formally effected.

As far as the memory of my informants serves them, there were present on this occasion, Win, Pitt, trumpet, James Smithers and Chas. H.

Hales, trombones, Stephen Hales, James

Standing, Martin H. Peck and George McKenzie, clarionets, Geo.

Hales and John Kay, French horns, Wm. Cahoon, bass drum, Andrew Cahoon and David Cahoon, piccolos, and Edmund Ellsworth, cavalry cornet; some time afterward the following were also enrolled as members: Robt. T. Burton, trumpet, John

Blazard and David Smith, key bugles, Jacob Hutchinson, E flat clarionet, and Gustavus Hill, arranger and copyist of music;

in all, numbering eighteen, and among them doubtless many names which will recall numerous forgotten incidents to the minds of such of the old pioneers as may chance to read this list.

* The Nauvoo Martial Band afterwards fell under the leadership of Elisha Averett, and as "Averett's Band"was for some time known;

later, Dimick Huntington took charge of it in the capacity of drum major; and it was from this beginning that "Dimick's Band"so popular with the boys of ten years ago, sprang and continued for many years.

THE NAUVOO BRASS BAND.

To William Pitt, as the man best versed in music, was given the leadership of the

Brass Band.

He was an Englishman by birth, having been raised in the village of Dymock, in Gloucestershire.

In his youth he took every occasion to cultivate the art of music, and with his father and brothers assisted in the musical exercises of two churches in his parish—generally playing the clarionet.

He was one of those early converted by the preaching of

Elder Wilford Woodruff, and emigrated to Nauvoo with other members of the family soon after joining the Church.

He brought with him a vast collection of music arranged for brass instruments, and it was principally from this store that the band played its selections.

He had some talent in arranging for small orchestras, and performed on several instruments; but that on which he most excelled, the flute, and on which it is said he might have risen to a high degree of proficiency, was unfortunately the one in which he took the least interest; he was violinist in the orchestra of the Salt Lake theatre for some years previous to his death, and is spoken of by his associates as a man of some peculiarities, but of the utmost geniality of heart and uprightness of mind.

The new band took its place in the Legion, and despite many unfavorable circumstances, soon rose to a degree of popularity with the people, which never diminished.

The scarcity of the times made it difficult either to devote much attention to practice or to obtain the proper instruments for carrying it on; the pieces owned in the band were mostly old fashioned and inconvenient for advanced playing;

the drum was manufacfactured by the same hands that beat it those of Wm. Cahoon.

A uniform being out of the question (little, if any, was worn in the ranks of the Legion), the members of the band decided to come as near to one as possible, and accordingly appeared in pants of the same color white being the one chosen.

The organzation, however, gave ample satisfaction to its friends; musical accomplishments in those parts were neither so extensive nor so numerous that people could afford to criticise them.

The city of Carthage on a certain Fourth of July, sent to Nauvoo for the music necessary to the celebration;

and H.

K. Whitney and Levi W. Hancock, with a single fife and drum, discoursed patriotic airs between the speeches, to the full satisfaction of all Carthage.

The Brass Band was from the first an institution in which Joseph Smith greatly interested himself;

through his efforts funds were raised for the Band, which greatly improved its condition.

Excursions, picnics and concerts were inaugurated.

One of the most notable of the former being a trip performed by the "Maid of Iowa,"the Prophet's steamer, to Ouincy and return, the full proceeds of which went to the Band.

With the aid of such encouragements, the Band was enabled to erect, in 1843, the Nauvoo

Concert Hall, where frequent entertainments were from that time held;

in these the Band was assisted by the late Wm.

Clayton, as violinist;

by the once well known John Kay, who is said to have possessed a magnificent baritone voice, and the sisters Susan and Cornelia Divine, as vocalists.

A Quadrille Band,composedof stringed and reed instruments, was organized in the Brass Band about this time, and gave its services for all the dancing parties of the Saints the first occasion of this kind at which the Quadrille Band played was a ball given in "The Mansion,"Joseph's residence; an occasion which Bro. Wm.

Cahoon states will always be remembered by him as being the first dancing party ever approved by the Prophet.

This evening will also be recalled to the memory of those who were present, if from no other reminder, from the circumstance of a hornpipe executed by James Standing, who, being called upon by Joseph

Smith for that exercise, astonished the Prophet and every one else with his marvellous dexterity in dancing.

i3<5 THE NAUVOO BRASS BAND.

The assassination of Joseph and HyKim occurred on a Thursday, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and the news of it was received in Nauvoo the next morning at daylight.

The grief and consternation which filled the city of the Saints when the calamity was realized, need not be dwelt upon here, it has been sufficiently depicted in other records;

suffice it to say that when the tidings came of the approach of the martyrs'bodies, a miscellaneous concourse of men, women and children moved out of the city, in the direction from which the conveyance was expected.

It was met on the edge of the prairie—a wagon covered with green boughs, under which the bodies of the martyred brothers, placed together, rested in a rude coffin.

Falling into line of procession, the Brass Band immediately preceding the bodies, and playing at intervals, the whole procession returned into Nauvoo.

No funeral ceremony was held after being dressed, the bodies were laid in the dining room of "The Mansion,"where for a whole day they were viewed by the mourning SaintsThe Brass Band stood outside the house playing appropriate airs, while the people moved in and out of the building.

In 1846, when President Young, and the Twelve set out for the West, the Brass Band was called to accompany them, and the entire organization responded.

In the hardships of the winter march through Iowa, the Band was nearly concerned;

it crossed the Mississippi on the ice from the 10th to the 14th of February, and joined the camp on Sugar Creek.

In the subsequent march to Council Bluffs, the Band was enabled to perform material service to the company; besides charming the tired Saints with strains of enlivening music after a weary day's march, it often rendered more substantial service.

In the backwoods settlements music was a thing almost entirely unknown; and the spectacle of a full band excited the utmost astonishment among the settlers.

Concerts were given in various places as the company passed along, and money, provisions, utensils, etc., were obtained for the relief of the pioneers.

One of these impromptus, given at a place called Keosauqua, where John Kay sang his famous song of "The Sea,"was remarkable for the supplies it brought to camp, as well as for the delight it gave the backwoodsmen.

At Garden Grove, a settlement formed by the Saints, and about midway between

Nauvoo and Council Bluffs, the Brass Band separated;

some pushed on with, the first company to the Missouri river, others, and among them the Hales brothers, remained at Garden Grove.

Here farms were broken and several crops were planted.

Of those who had gone on to Council Bluffs but few were able to set out for the Rocky Mountains with President Young's company;

some remained there at work, others sought employment among the farms of Iowa and

Missouri, and still others returned to Nauvoo to dispose of the effects they had left behind.

Among the few members of the Band who arrived in this valley with the first company, were William Pitt, Robert T.

Burton and William Clayton;

a reorganization was affected by them in 1849, and practices were held for some time at the house of the last named.

In course of time the old members began to arrive, and after several years, the Nauvoo Brass Band was again before the public, and as well known in Utah as it had been in Nauvoo.

The accumulation of other duties after a time forced Captain Pitt to retire from the Band, and James Smithers succeeded to the place of leader.

The organization, however, did not long hold together after this period; some members settled in other parts of the Territory, and other musical organizations sprang up—the most notable being Ballo's Band to use Brother Wm. Cahoon's language:

"We played and practiced till we thought we had done our share in serving the people;

and as other bands had started, we

HISTORIANS OF THE NEPHITES.

thought we would retire and let them see what they could do."Few things are more interesting than to listen to a recital of these old time experiences from the lips of those who were concerned in them.

I have lately spent some entertaining moments in the company of Bros.

Robert T.

Burton, William Cahoon and Stephen Hales, three of the survivors of the old Band, who were present at its organization, and to whom I am indebted for the main particulars of this sketch.

I had also hoped to have received some information from Bro. James Standing—father of the martyred Joseph Standing—and former Secretary of the Nauvoo Brass Band, but through some mischance I have failed to receive an answer to my inquiries from him.

I have had the privilege of looking over a number of papers—copies of articles written in the times of which

I have been writing—and now in the hands of Bro. Burton; one is a poem, "God save the Band,"written in the quaint and pleasing style which distinguish oldfashioned productions.

Another is the following hymn, which, being from the pen of Elder P.

P.

Pratt, and never before published, is here given as originally written.

Horace G: Whitney* HYMN FOR THE DEDICATION OF THE NAUVOO CONCERT HALL.

Truth is our theme, our joy, our song,

How sweet its numbers flow;

All music's charms to Truth belong,

To Truth ourselves we owe.

'Twas Truth that brought us from afar, 'Twas Truth that placed us here

Union and Truth without a jar Can halls and temples rear.

'Twas Truth first formed our band and choir,

On Zion's western plains;

'Twas Truth that tuned our earliest lyre

In sweet, harmonious strains.

Sacred to Truth this Hall shall be,

While earth and time remains Where the Band and Choir in harmony

Shall swell their sweetest strains.

By Truth our union is complete, Our songs in concert rise;

And by the power of Truth we'll meet

To sing amid the skies.

Hosannah to the Prince of Peace

His Truth has made us free;

All hail the day of full release

The earth's glad Jubilee HISTORIANS OF THE NEPHITES.

It may be interesting to such of the readers of the Contributor as are students of the Book of Mormon,'and we trust their name is Legion, to consider for a short time who were the men to whom we are indebted for the annals of the Nephite nation, they being also the custodians of the Sacred Plates, the Urim and

Thummim and other holy things.

The sacred records of the Nephites, from the time that Nephi, the founder of the nation, transferred them to the care of his brother Jacob, to the time that Moroni finally hid them in the hill Cumorah, were in the hands of four families, who had charge of them, as near as can 6® be told from the abridgement that we have'in the Book of Mormon, as follows

Jacob and his descendants held them from B.

C. 546 to about B. C. 200, when they were transferred to King Benjamin, who, with his son Mosiah, the younger, held them until B. C. 91, at which time they were given into the care of Alma, the Chief Judge, and he and his posterity retained them until 320 years after the advent of the Messiah.

After these, Mormon and Moroni were the custodians until the close of the record in the year 420 after Christ.

In the table that follows, B. C. signifies before Christ, and A. C. after Christ,

1 38 HISTORIANS OF THE NEPHITES.

counting from the true date of His birth as given in the Book of Mormon, and not from the accepted Christian Anno Domini (year of our Lord), which is now almost universally admitted to be from two to four years wrong.

In those places where no date is given, the desired information is not afforded in the Book of Mormon, and therefore can only be guessed at. We therefore prefer to leave such places blank.

It will also be remembered that Mormon, just before the great last battle, which resulted in the extinction of the Nephite nation, hid up in the hill Cumorah all the records which had been entrusted to him by the hand of the Lord, save it were the few plates which he gave to his son Moroni.

The following are the names of the Nephite historians, with the times during which they held the records Nephi, from to 546 B. C.

Jacob, from 546 to.

Enos, from to 422.

Jarom, from 422 to 362.

Omni, from 362 to 318, Amaron, from 318 to 28O.

Chemish, from 280 to.

Abinadom, from to.

Amaleki, from to 200 (about).

King Benjamin, from 200 to 125.

King Mosiah, from 125 to 91.

Alma (the younger), from 91 to •]$.

Heleman (the elder), from jt, to 57.

Shiblon, from 57 to 53.

Heleman (the younger), from 53 to 39.

Nephi, from 39 to 1.

Nephi (the disciple), from to 34 A. C.

Nephi, from 34 to no.

Amos, from no to 194.

Amos, from 194 to 306.

Ammaron, from 306 to 320.

Mormon, from 320 to 385.

Moroni, from 385 to 420.

In the above table, one thing will most certainly strike the attention of the observant reader.

It is the lengthened period that some of the historians held the records.

Jacob and his son Enos held them one hundred and twenty-four years.

Jarom held them sixty.

In this fact we find a very pleasing confirmation of the statement of Nephi that during the time he and his brethren were wandering in the wilderness, living on raw meat and suffering all kinds of hardships, fatigue and privations, the Lord so greatly blessed the women in the company that they "were strong, yea, even like unto the men,"having an abundance of milk to suckle the babes born unto them.

Jacob was born at this time, and doubtless inherited an exceedingly strong constitution, which he transmitted to his posterity.

The second epoch at which the longevity of the custodians of the'plates is remarkable is during that reign of universal righteousness which followed the ministry of the crucified Savior.

By living unto the Lord in all things their lives were marvelously prolonged, especially the children of those generations, born during the continuance of this happy and holy period and before the effects of the after apostasy had begun to work on the lives of those born during its blessed continuance.

Thus Nephi, the son of Nephi the disciple, had charge of the records seventy-six years, his son Amos eighty-four years, and Amos, the son of the last named, the wonderful period of one hundred and twelve years, or father, son and grandson, three generations, a total of two hundred and seventy-two years.

What a powerful sermon this one fact preaches in favor of entire submission of body and soul to the perfect and perfecting law of God.

7?.

Human nature is not a tiger which needs a constant chain.

In this case it is the chain which makes the tiger.

It is the oppressor who has made man fit only for a yoke.

The progress in society consists in nothing more, than in bringing out the individual, in giving him a consciousness of his own being, and in quickening him to strengthen and elevate his own mind.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

VIENNA TO MUNICH.

As the shades of night lowered over the spire of St. Stephen's and enveloped in darkness the Rotunda of the Exposition, we slowly rolled past the palatial residences of the suburbs, and took a parting, enraptured gaze at Vienna. We were, however, aroused from ^everies that threatened soon to plunge us into regrets at leaving the fair city of such beauty and interest, by the loud and earnest singing in the next compartment of the car in which we rode.

The voices were unmistakably American, and so delighted were we to hear our mother tongue that we readily excused the hilarity of our neighbors, as well as the song they had chosen, by which to express their delight at starting home.

It war, that melodious and pathetic hymn the first lines of which are as follows "Three black crows sat on a tree,

And they were black as crows could be."

On inquiry, at the first eating station, we learned that our jovial countrymen had been confined for six months, as exhibitors, to the routine of classic concerts, Itahan opera and the tread of the mighty dnim-majors and heavily uniformed bands- of Europe.

It was a relief indeed to them as, homeward bound, they threw off restraint and gave full vent to the joy within them in the songs of their native land.

The road to Munich lies along the banks of the upper Danube until Linz is reached, when it turns southerly to Salzburg, a frontier commercial city of importance, and the birthplace of the great composers Mozart and Haydn.

Near this city are the famous Austrian salt mines, in which entertainments are sometimes given, and of which the illuminated chambers and passage ways are said to be as brilliant and dazzling as the enchanted halls of fairyland.

Munich, on the Isar, is one of the pleasantest and best regulated cities of Europe.

It abounds in wide, clean streets, lined with trees;

in beautiful private and public buildings, picturesque surroundings and an air of peace, good order and thrift.

Parliament met on the day of our arrival, and we were in time to witness the procession of noblemen, headed by Prince

Ludwig, uncle of the king, as they paraded the streets from the royal palace to the capitol.

The government of Bavaria is a limited monarchy;

the executive authority being vested in the king, whose ministers, however, are responsible for his acts.

This is usually the case with the limited monarchies of Europe, the doctrine that "the king can do no wrong"being generally accepted.

This is rather severe on the present government of Bavaria, if all the stories told about young Ludwig II are true.

He is understood to be eccentric, taking but little interest in governmental affairs, and inclined to be morose and seclusive.

Munich is a patron city of the fine arts, ranking next to Dresden in the encouragement she gives, and in the grandeur and completeness of her galleries.

The famous Glyptothek (sculpture gallery) contains Thorwaldsen's "Adonis"and Canova's "Paris,"two of the finest statues of modern times and the walls of the Pinacothek (picture gallery) are lined with paintings from the hands of Rubens, Vandyke, Correggio and all the famous ancient and modern painters of Germany;

other less noted galleries also exhibit many works of merit.

The Frauen-Kirke (cathedral) contains a splendid statue of Maximilian, father of the present king, and is adorned with many elaborately carved and decorated chapels, each a work of art upon which years of labor and thousands of dollars have been expended.

The bronze foundries of Munich are the most celebrated of any in the world.

From them came the beautiful fountain

HOME.

at Cincinnati the bronze doors of the Capitol and the American soldiers'commemorative monument to the valiant dead, at Washington.

All the great cities of Europe patronize these foundries for statues and monuments, in preference to any others.

However, the greatest achievement in bronze of the Bavarians is "Bavaria."The exact dimensions of this famous statue I am unable to remember, but, erected upon a fortification of stone, on a commanding site, overlooking many miles of greensward and forest, it is the most magnificent figure in

Europe.

There is a winding staircase within the statue that leads up to the head, inside of which are seats for eight persons.

Through apertures in the coronet an extended and strikingly picturesque view is had.

If you employ a guide to show you around Munich, he will drive you from "Bavaria,"the statue, to "Konigs Brouirrie,"the brewery, where the small beer, the common beverage of the country, is made by millions of barrels.

It happened that our guide was an old man, and not at all an exception to the rule, so far as the national habit of beer drinking is concerned.

As we rode from the brewery, my companion remarked that Bavarians must drink a good deal of beer.

"Yes,"said the guide, "all Bavarians drink beer, some of them drink too much—as many as twenty glasses a day sometimes.

We all like it.

I take a little every day, always have, all my life."

My friend, who is of a mathematical mind, asked him what he called a little.

He replied that he supposed he had averaged ten glasses a day.

As we returned to the city, my friend, who ever since the last statement had been intently at work with pencil and paper, made the startling announcement that the modest specimen of Bavarian temperance, couched on the high seat before us, had actually drunk twenty-six thousand seven hundred gallons of beer.

And he only drank a little.

Yet we saw no indication of disorder or of intemperance in Munich.

At ten o'clock in the evening the lights are all out, and the city is wrapped in slumber;

even the theatres and operas are not open after that hour.

De Vallibus.

The greatest benefactor to society is not he who serves it by single acts, but he whose general character is the manifestation of a higher spirit than pervades the mass.

HOME, in.

SITE OF HOUSE.

WALKS.

After the ground is properly enclosed the most important consideration is the situation for a house.

It should be on raised ground, if possible, so that it will be dry and warm.

If all the land is low, it will be well to have a foundation three or four feet high, and fill up around with rocks and gravel.

The pleasure of having a dry yard in wet weather, and a place where children can play early in Spring, is appreciated by those who are so situated, and may be understood by others whg Jjve in muddy districts, No moderate means or expense should be spared at first to make the immediate surroundings of the house so that they will be hard and dry at all times.

This advice is not given for the purpose of making the labor or outlay of money any greater, but to secure comfort and health to the dear ones who share our lot and are the spirit and joy of home.

The sanitary arrangements of home should be studied more carefully than they are.

There are many smart men who would not allow a horse or cow to be surrounded by anything that would injure its health, who.

never consider the wel-.

HOME.

fare of their families.

There will be pools of filth and piles of rubbish close around the door, and no one will take time to remove it.

Poisonous vapors will rise from stable and outhouses close at hand, and when these result in rooting disease among the children, we think Providence unkind to us.

It is the veriest sacrilege to charge Deity with the authorship of all the ills we are heir to.

When careless about the hygienic influences surrounding us, we must bear the responsibility of increasing the ills of life.

Water is a prolific source of disease, when contaminated, as it easily is.

It is not uncommon to find wells close to the barn yards, and in such a situation that the filth from the latter soon renders the water unfit for use;

or slops from the kitchen are thrown so closely that they soon find their way back into the house, to carry disease and possibly death.

It is not a proof of purity that water is clear, and we should avoid all possibility of danger.

Wells should never be dug so that any impure substances will probably reach their waters.

Stables, barn yards and pens should always be far enough away that the vapors arising therefrom will not reach the house.

If the grounds be not large enough to allow of having animals a suitable distance from the house, care should be taken to keep their quarters always clean.

For this purpose nothing is better than fine, dry soil, that may be spread evenly over manure and rubbish and will absorb liquid poisons that would soon vaporize.

Dry earth is nature's deodorizer, and will be found useful in many ways that will suggest themselves to the thoughtful.

Places where slops have been thrown during Winter, should be dug up early in the Spring, that the injurious elements may be absorbed.

By changing the places where rubbish is thrown, and digging often, all evil effects may be overcome.

It was before stated that the house should, if possible, be built on an eleva= tion, and this should incline to the south or east.

Such a situation will insure the early rays of sunshine, and will allow of drainage away from the building.

There should be no hollows, where pools of water may stand and stagnate in irrigating time.

Nor should the cellar, for storing roots and fruit, be too close to the dwelling.

The odor given off from ripe fruit is said to be very injurious to health, and decaying vegetable matter of any kind is the rankest poison to animal life.

Of course cellars should always be kept clean, but to avoid the evils of neglect, a safe distance is desirable.

In starting a home, nothing should be neglected that will secure greater immunity from disease.

The consideration of a few dollars should have no effect, since a proper foundation alone can make the surroundings as healthful and enjoyable as they should be.

The only real safety is in being out of danger, and our situation should be such as to insure this result.

Before giving any instruction for making, it will be well to explain a principle connected with laying out walks. A majority of people consider anything but straight walks as very bad taste.

But let us inquire if this decision is not premature.

In art, a double curve is acknowledged to be the "line of beauty."So in nature it will be found that curved lines are the rule and not the exception.

Follow the trail of any animal, on a level or up and down hill;

or a path made by Indians or white men, and you will soon discover that in an unrestrained condition, all walking beings describe curves in their locomotion.

Could we follow the tracks of people in cities, no doubt this same principle would hold good.

Wagon roads are never straight.

Why?

Because it is natural for the animals to take a zig zag course.

Railroads are the most formal lines, being laid upon strict mathematical principles.

Still, do we find them deviating from our rule?

Not in a single case.

Railroad curves are never constructed for their beauty,

THE ANGEL MORONI.

though we find them as regular as if marked out with a compass.

These curves are intended only for utility, but still are as even as the artist's "line of beauty."The surveyor may never think of it, but all curves properly constructed will be found to be beautiful in their regularity.

These facts may enable us to state a proposition for future guidance.

Beauty and utility combine to show that a curved line marks the natural course of locomotion in all animals.

T.

THE ANGEL MORONI.

"And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying, with a loud voice, 'Fear God, and give glory to Him, for the hour of His judgment is come.'

And then followed another angel, saying, 'Babylon is fallen, is fallen—that great city^because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.'"Rev. xiv., 6, 7, 8.

When the gospel referred to by

John was committed unto the children of men in the first century of the Christian era, it was not by the ministration of an angel, but through the personal advent of the Lord Jesus Christ, not only in the land of Judea, but also in America, and other lands which at that time were unknown to the inhabitants of Europe, Asia, or Africa.

When this gospel had been taught for some twenty years after the crucifixion of the Savior, John beheld in vision, on the Isle of Patmos, the complete overthrow of the Church, the martyrdom of the Apostles and many of the Saints, and the Priesthood, with its powers, ordinances and blessings, caught up into heaven.

This vision, looking down through the dark vista of time, reached the dispensation of the "fulness of times,"when John beheld "Another angel,"who held the keys of the gospel, to commit to man—even the fulness of the everlasting gospel, which, when once more delivered to mankind, would be followed by the establishing of the kingdom of God and the Millennial reign.

This angel, whose name is Moroni, has come.

His first visit was on the night of September, 21, 1823.

On the morning of September, 22, 1827, he delivered the plates of the Book of Mormon, containing the fulness of the everlasting gospel, with the Urim and Thummim, to Joseph Smith, who translated them by the power of God and published them to the world.

Following these events, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was organized with six members.

Zion began to flourish, and soon, in the Temple erected to the name of the Lord, in Kirtland, the glory and resplendent light of the countenance of God and His holy prophets, who held the keys of the former dispensations, were made manifest; angels ministered to many, visions, in all their heavenly splendor and intelligence, burst upon the assembled Priesthood, and the voice of Jehovah was heard in that house, erected to his name in this nineteenth century, April 3, 1836.

This angel Moroni lived in the flesh in the ending of the fourth century and for some twenty years of the fifth century.

He was the son of General Mormon, who made the abridgement of the plates of Nephi, and called it the "Book of Mormon."Moroni was present at the great battle of Cumorah, in the State of New York, and was general over ten thousand troops.

He witnessed the entire destruction of the people called in the Book of

Mormon "Nephites."Just previous to this great and last battle, General Mormon, who held all the sacred writings the Liahonah, the Urim and Thummim, or interpreters, as they were called, and

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

the plates of the Book of Mormon, deposited all these things, excepting the plates, in the hill Ramah, or, as the Nephites called it, Cumorah.

Moroni lived thirty-five years after this great battle, which took place in the year of the Christian era 385.

The plates of gold which General Mormon in his day, by the command of the Lord, prepared, for the purpose of an abridged account, or history, from the plates of Nephi, were not entirely filled up, and during the thirty-five years Moroni held them in his possession he filled them up with a translation of the twenty-four plates which Limhi's people found, which consists of the "Book of Ether "in the Book of Mormon, and contains a history of the Jaredites, who came from the great Tower just before the confusion of the language and dispersion of the people.

He also added to these plates two letters, containing important doctrinal points, which were written to him by his father, Mormon, some years pevious to Mormon's death, and other valuable writings.

Moroni closes up these plates in the year 420 of the Christian era, and deposits them in a stone 'box, along with the Urim and Thummim and a golden breast plate.

He then buried them several feet under the earth in the side of the Hill Cumorah, where they remained for fourteen centuries.

Moroni is the guardian of that sacred hill, whose treasure and sacred writings in due time will be revealed.

Fifty-two years have now passed since the first of those records was brought forth, and the time is near when that other angel which John saw will make his proclamation, and the kingdoms of this earth will become the kingdoms of our God and His Christ.

Let glory, power and dominion be ascribed <unto God and the Lamb, for ever and ever, and the earth rejoice at the sound of the gospel proclamation of the angel Moroni, and prepare for the coming of our Lord.

W. H. H. Sharp.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NOTICE.

The semi-annual meeting of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations will be held in Salt Lake City during the General Conference in April.

A general attendance of officers and members is desired.

County officers are particularly requested to be present, and where it is impossible for them to attend personally, they will please instruct a suitable representative.

Report blanks are ready and will be distributed immediately.

The Associations will please fill up the report blanks as completely as possible and return them to the Stake Superintendents, who are requested to forward their County reports kKthis city by April 1.

Junius F. Wells, Milton H. Hardy, Rodney C. Badger.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCES.

The regular quarterly conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. Associations of Box Elder County was held Sunday evening, Jan. 25, at Brigham City.

After the usual opening exercises, President Thomas H. Wilde stated the object of the meeting was principally to receive verbal reports from the different Associations.

The following then reported their Associations:

E.

A.

Box, Oscar Dunn, Brigham Tippets, John Bott, Brigham City; John Peters, Three Mile Creek;

Dan Jensen, Honeyville.

Superintendent Wilde recommended that the inter-missionary labor among the Associations should be continued.

Thought the reports, as far as given, were of a very encouraging nature.

After making some remarks concerning

A SSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE

dancing, the speaker called for an expression of the house as to whether the practice of round dancing in our parties should be discontinued;

vote in the affirmative.

Conference adjourned for three months.

Wm. H.

Jones, Secfy pro tern.

The Y.

M.

M.

I. Associations of Wasatch Stake held a quarterly conference February i, in Heber City.

Meeting called to order by Superintendent David L. Murdoch.

The Superintendent said he would not presume to instruct the Presidents of the different Associations on the principles of the Gospel, for he was satisfied they were more familiar with these than he was, but felt like counseling them in regard to the necessity of keeping proper minutes of their meetings; record of questions asked and answered;

the advantages of manuscript papers;

the desirability, of each Association becoming owner of a piece of land, and the need for cultivating the same;

and the wisdom of handling the young men gently and kindly.

Joseph Moulton, representing Heber Association, said that those members enrolled were lively, and were willing to co-operate with the priesthood had a good library—great many Church works, and intended to encourage the reading of these works, that the novel reading of the place may be done away in a measure; was desirous of doing all he could to build up the Kingdom, etc.

Ira N. Jacobs represented the Midway

Association as getting along pretty well.

Some few were not taking hold, still their names were retained.

During this last winter a good number had been admitted; thought the interest in the work was increasing among the younger boys.

R.

C. Camp represented the Wallsburgh Association felt happy to be able to make a favorable report;

had thirty.

ive members;

felt satisfied the young men were doing better than they were this time last year;

had considerable sickness in the place, and was glad to see the usefulness of the young men acting as nurses; had an excellent manuscript paper.

Bishop Cluff, Centre Ward, could say the young men were improving in morals, good conduct and speaking;

were getting over their diffidence and felt anxious to get up and express themselves.

George Smith, Charleston; were getting along first rate; paying strict attention to programme of Central Committee; were enrolling only those who came forward regularly.

Bishop William Foreman looked upon these Associations as a preparatory work for the young people, and said it would only be a short time before almost every missionary would be drawn from the ranks of the Y. M. M.

I.

Associations.

Dismissed by William Lindsay.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

From James Dwyer, bookseller, East

Temple Street, Salt Lake City.

Harper's Monthly.

The March number of this excellent publication, is full of fine illustrations and excellent reading matter.

Scribner's Monthly, contains its full complement of pictures and choice articles.

The history of "Peter the Great,"commenced in the February number, is intensely interesting and very instructive.

The North American Review.

The current number of this political journal contains arguments for and against the '•Third Term,"written by two of the ablest lawyers of America.

Popular Science Monthly.

The M arch number is an unusually fine one, being replete with scientific discoveries, and treatises on the prevailing questions of science of the day.

Among the contents is a very interesting account of the Dolmens of Japan, illustrated with views of the interior and exterior appearance of those unique underground structures.