The Fourth and Twenty-fourth; Independence and Religious Liberty.

Vol.

I.

JULY, 1880.

No.

re.

LIGHT.

If it is asked how an object may be seen, we would say that it is done by means of the eye; but on reflecting a moment we will be obliged to conclude that something else is necessary.

There must be something to produce an impression on the eye from the object.

All space and transparent bodies are supposed to be filled with a substance called ether.

This is so light that it can not be weighed, and of such a subtle character that we are utterly ignorant of its chemical constitution, and even of its existence, except by the impressions made upon the organ of vision.

Now, in order that the proper impressions may be made, it is necessary that the ether be set in motion, and waves be produced in it.

These then enter the pupil of the eye, and pass through the different humors until they come in contact with the retina, which is a membrane spread over the back of the eyeball, and containing the branching optic nerve, which extends to the brain.

Just below the optic nerve in the retina are situated a large number of little rods and cones, and among these are also small crystalline particles. When the waves of ether strike against these little rods and cones, pointing like so many fingers towards the light, and also against the crystalline particles, they set them trembling, and this motion is thence communicated through the branches of the optic nerve to the brain.

Thus, in order to see, we must have, besides the eye, the medium in which these waves can be produced, and also the objec;

seen must set the ether moving.

Most of the objects that we see around us are invisible, unless some illuminating body be present.

In the day time we see them because of the light of the sun.

In the night we see them by the light of the moon, which is itself rendered visible by the light it gets from the sun; or we may see objects by means of some artificial source of light.

It may seem strange that bodies that do not give forth any light of themselves can be seen when some luminous body is present.

The light, however, strikes against the non-luminous object, but is not all lost there, a portion of it is sent back just like an elastic ball when thrown against a wall.

This portion sent back is scattered in all directions from a rough surface, and thus we are enabled to see it in whatever direction we may look at it.

All bodies may be made to give forth light of themselves provided the temperature be raised high enough.

This may be illustrated in heating a piece of iron.

At first it becomes red hot, and then if the heat is increased it begins to change color until it becomes white hot.

Along with the rays of light are sent the heat and chemical rays, as we know from the fact that we get warmth from the sun, and also that its light brings about chemical changes as seen in the work of the photographer.

LIGHT.

The waves of ether may be compared to those of sound, as they are given off in every direction from a common point.

They are like so many shells, one inside the other, all originating from the service source of the light, and having it for the common center.

The light that comes from the sun is white, but this color is composed of seven other colors, so united as to produce that impression on the eye we call white light.

But when we look at a landscape, as we have learned already, we see it by means of the sun's white light, and yet it does not appear all white.

Most objects are unable to reflect all the seven colors combined in a beam of sunlight, some reflect one color some another.

The foliage of trees sends to the eye only the green, other surfaces send back the blue, and some the yellow, and so on, while some are capable of reflecting two or more of these seven colors, and the result is that we have a color different from any one of them produced by their combination.

The waves of sound are from a few inches to several feet in length, and do not move at a very rapid rate, about 1,120 feet per second, but the case is quite different with the waves of light; 40.000 red and 60,000 violet waves are comprised within the limits of a single inch.

The rate at which light travels is about 185,000 miles per second.

These waves succeed each other so rapidly, and travel with such wonderful velocity, that we would be inclined to think it impossible that any measurements whatever could be made.

But notwithstanding all these difficulties, the great scientists of modern times have been enabled to make their instruments so delicate, that these measurements have been made with a very high degree of accuracy.

To explain the principles on which these instruments are made, and how they are used would, no doubt, be very interesting, but we shall not be able to do that at present.

Light is sent forward in straight lines always, unless the nature of the medium through which it travels, changes in character, when it may be made to bend a little to one side or the- other.

To prove the principle above stated, we may take two pieces of pasteboard, for instance, and pierce through each of them a very small hole; now separate them by any convenient distance and place in line with the two holes a light which can be plainly seen through them but if one of them be moved a little in any direction, so as to bring the holes out of line, the light can no longer be seen.

This principle will also explain how it is that a shadow is cast, as the light is not able to flow around an object, but just grazes past it, and proceeding in straight lines, leaves the space behind the object without any light.

If a very small opening be made in the shutter of a dark room, or in the side of a box perfectly closed in every other way, there will be seen on the wall just opposite to the opening a complete picture of the landscape outside, upside down, however.

This may seem rather strange, but from what we know already of the nature of light, we shall be able with a few moments of thought to understand how this is.

We wdl suppose that there is situated just before the small opening a tree, and if we can see how a picture of this may be produced, the same reasons will apply for all other objects.

The green light coming from the leaves of the tree above, in passingthrough the small hole, must travel in a straight line, and hence this green light will be sent down to the lower part of the wall opposite the small opening.

The light that comes from the trunk below must cross at the opening, that which comes from the top of the tree, and passing on strikes the opposite wall above, and here then we will have an image of the trunk, while below will be the image of the foliage.

The picture thus formed will not be very bright, as only a very small quantity of light can

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

enter the opening.

But when this latter is made larger so as to admit more light, the rays from different points of the object may spread over the same place on the opposite wall and thus the picture becomes indistinct and confused.

But in order to remedy this difficulty a lens. is sometimes used; by this means much more light may be admitted as the opening is made as large as the lens.

The effect of the lens is to bring the rays of light coming from one point of the object, and scattered all over the surface of the lens to one point on the wall or screen behind.

The explanation of the effect produced on light by a lens we shall not now attempt to give.

Sometimes the lens is placed in the top of a dark room, and made 'moveable so that the view on all sides can be seen.

In this case, however, there is a looking-glass, or some other reflecting surface placed near the lens in proper position, so as to throw the light down on a table, where a beautiful picture may be seen of everything around.

At one of the pleasure gardens in Salt Lake City, is located one of these dark chambers, arranged as above, which would be highly interesting and instructive to those who have seen nothing of the kind before.

Many of the readers of this article may not have the opportunity of seeing any thing of this kind; they may therefore perform the following experiment, which will prove of some interest to them.

Make a very small hole in a card, and hold it before a light, and behind the card on a screen, there may be seen a perfect image of the flame of the candle or lamp, only it will be inverted, as explained above.

When walking along under the shade of trees in the day time or on a moonlight night, we may sometimes see on the ground an image of the sun or moon.

This is produced exactly as in the case of the image of the candle-flame, the light passing through the minute openings between the leaves of the trees.

Quebec.

He is happy whose circumstances suit his temper: but he is more excellent who can suit his temper to any circumstances.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

The first minutes recorded are under date of "September n, 1852.

Meeting was called to order at Robert Pixton's.

The names of Philip and Henry Margetts, Barnett and Seth

Rigby, William Dunn, and Brothers Grimshaw and Baker were entered on the roll, they having joined previous to this meeting;

Captain Pitt nominated James Smithers to be captain of the band until his return from a mission to England.

Adopted unanimously.

"September 14.

Band met at the Council House Captain Pitt was with us for the last time;

in an address he expressed his good feelings for us all, his interest in the welfare of the band, and urged us to be humble, and to be careful of one another's feelings.

"September 28.

Band met and played as usual.

Brother Wm. Thompson donated, for the use of the band, one pound of star candles, and they played 'Home,

Sweet Home,'for him.

"October 22.

General training day;

played well, and went through many maneuvres successfully.

"October 23. General inspection; John

Kay, our chaplain, was appointed surgeon to the First Division of Infantry;

after dismissal, practiced at the Council House.

"October to December 23.

Held several meetings at the houses of the wives of our brethren, who had gone on

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

missions, cheering and comforting them with our music.

"December 25. Christmas Day.

Band met at Brother Pixton's to serenade the authorities of the Church; marched in order to President B. Young's, and played before his house; from thence to President Kimball's, President Richards', and the houses of the Twelve.

"December 28.

Tuesday.

By invitation of General Wells, the band met at his house this evening, and was received with every mark of attention by his family and attendants.

After playing, and singing many songs, the General announced that supper was in waiting;

being ushered into the dining room, we surrounded a table spread with every luxury that this valley affords (which we partook of heartily).

After supper the General made an address to the band, remarking with what feelings of satisfaction he welcomed us to his house, and how it reminded him of the times we had assembled at his home in Nauvoo;

spoke of the willingness the band had always shown to come out at the call of the Saints; urged us to become acquainted with the calls in the Legion, in case of a campaign, and closed by bestowing his blessing on the members of the band.

After some remarks by Major G. Grant to the same effect, the party broke up.

Being provided with two sleighs, each drawn by two span, through the courtesy of General Wells, we rode around serenading the city, at length going home with the pleasing reflection that we had been honored by a man who was greatly esteemed by the Prophet Joseph, a man full of faith and integrity, and holding the position of Lieutenant General in the

Nauvoo Legion.

"1853, New Year's Day.

Being furnished two teams by General

Wells, the band serenaded the city, not forgetting the families of our absent friends, cheering their spirits, and causing them to feel as though they were not forgotten.

"January 30.

But few meetings were held this month, owing to the theatrical organization in the Social Hall requiring so many of the members.

A committee was appointed this evening to make out a programme for a concert.

"February 14.

This day the ground was staked out and consecrated for the building of the Temple;

the band met at R. Pixton's, at 10 o'clock a.m.

; marched to the Temple grounds among thousands of people, and there played alternately with Captain Ballo's band.

After a speech by President Young, both bands united in the centre of the ground and played 'Auld Lang Syne,'it being the first time they had ever played together.

Our concert was laid over for the present, as the Theatrical Association had gathered up about all the loose change among the fun-loving public.

"March, 1853.—During this month Jacob Hutchinson, E flat clarionettist—the leading instrument—resigned from the Band, by advice of President Young, on account of failing health.

Captain Ballo and band met with us several times in the Social Hall, to practice two excellent marches which he had composed for both bands to play at the laying of the corner stones of the Temple on April 6.

"April 6.—The Band was ready to do its duty on this joyful occasion—acting in a double capacity—first playing on their instruments, then singing as members of the choir at the laying of each stone.

The Nauvoo Brass Band was placed on the east, and Captain Ballo's Band on the west end of the Temple Block, the Martial Band being stationed on a slight eminence near by.

After the prayers and dedication at each stone, by the several orders of the Priesthood, the

Brass Band and Captain Ballo's band* united, and performed the marches com- *This must have been the largest number of instruments, performed by a home hand, ever heard here.

The enthusiastic Ballo, immediately after this occasion, composed "The Capstone jVIarch,"designing to play it when the Temple was finished, little dreaming that neither he nor many of his band would live to see the final stone of that structure placed in position.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

posed for the occasion as the people were retiring.

This was a great and glorious day, and long to be remembered; our Band performed its part well, but felt weakened by the loss of our leading instrument.

May the Lord bless us, and inspire us to be on hand on every like important occasion.

"April and May.—The President and suite having gone south and found some

Mexican traders and Indians hostile towards the Mormons, word was sent the Legion to be ready for them.

The Band accordingly met several times for training and inspection with the Legion. Two letters from Captain Pitt to the Band were read and ordered written in the minutes; one was dated at St. Louis, the other in Dymock, his old home.

He speaks of some of his experiences, and urges the Band to be faithful to one another and to their religion;

closing with an assurance of his constant interest in their welfare.

"July 24.—Coming on a Sunday, this day was not celebrated as usual.

Met and practiced a number of fine pieces, being instructed in them by a Californian emigrant, who trained us without any expectation of reward.

The Band, afterwards, however, paid his board bill to Sister Cook, as a recompense for his services.

"October 1 1.—The Band met at the residence of Brother Wm. Clayton, who had just returned from Europe.

He was glad to see the Nauvoo Brass Band again, and said its strains were pleasanter to his ear than any sounds he knew.

Brother Henry Pugh, Sen., joined the Band about this time; he had been a leader of military bands in England, and was quite a talented composer, besides.

He was soon after appointed to the position of leader and arranger of music in this Band.

He brought out some new music, and assisted greatly in tuning some of the instruments.

Two good letters were received from Captain Pitt, and read to the Band.

"November 14.—Brother Brewer gave > a party and supper to the Band and their families, at his own expense, in the 14th Ward School House.

During the evening several toasts were proposed, among them the following:

'Brother Brewer;

he has risen among us like the clear sun in a May morning;

may his course through life continue without a cloud and his 'Rest be glorious to which Brother Brewer replied, 'May we all enjoy the like blessings.'It is said this party cost Brother Brewer seventy dollars.

"December 26.

The band gave a Christmas serenade to the Presidency, and to the Legislature;

being invited into the Assembly Hall, played many favorite airs;

also serenaded Elder John Taylor, who treated the band well in return.

"December 29.

By invitation of A.

W.

Babbitt, Esq., Secretary of Utah, the band met at the U.S. Hotel, to partake of supper with him.

The evening was delightfully spent in singing, dancing, eating and drinking;

the party concluding with a vote of thanks to the Hon. Secretary for his good feelings and excellent entertainment.

"January 27, 1854.

A grand party, under the auspices of the Nauvoo Brass Band, Ballo's Band and the Martial Band, was given this evening in the Social Hall;

opened with prayer by George A.

Smith;

an excellent spirit prevailed all through the party;

dismissed at one o'clock by General Wells.

The committee found on examining the receipts that we had $98.05 on hand.

Governor Brigham Young advised us to divide it among the families of our brethren who were absent on missions, which was done to the satisfaction of all.* *"The theatrical season having commenced, the hand had little leisure for practice meetings for some months.

On February 7, 1855, at the suggestion of Henry Pugh, Sr.

, a grand concert band was organized, embracing all the members of the brass band and comprising twenty-two instruments, stringed, reed and brass.

Volume II of the records begins with the minutes of the new organization.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

"February 10, 1855.

The grand concert band came together according to previous appointment, in Pioneer Hall, owned by George Wardle.

Among the tunes practiced were 'Her Majesty's Court Polka'and the overture to 'Lodiska.''•'February 24.

Met in Pioneer Hall and opened by prayer according to custom;

at the conclusion the question arose, 'when shall we meet again,'and when I asked Brother Wardle if we could have the hall for another evening, Brother George said he would leave it to any person to look at the floor and say if it was right; but if the band would provide spitting boxes he would have no objection.

J. Standing announced that Governor Young had said we could have the

Social Hall, and adjournment was taken, to meet there next Saturday night.

"March 3.

Met at the Social Hall, where Governor Young handed us the key; found within, stove, chairs, spittingboxes, etc.

Philip Margetts spoke of the necessity of having a concert to pay for the uniform of the band.

Captain Smithers and Conductor Pugh addressed a note to Governor Young on the matter, and found he would rent us the hall for $25 per night for concerts.

"April 14.

Band gave four concerts, three evenings and one afternoon, on March 28, 31, and April 7.

All spoke in praise of the performances, and Brother

George A.

Smith wrote a flattering article in our praise to The Mormon.

Among other pieces given were songs by Miss Sarah Kay;

Lodiska by the band, and a drum solo by Major Duzette.

Owing to stormy weather and hard times, however, the concerts were poorly attended.

The receipts were $132.25, and the expenses $113.05; in view of these facts, President Young very generously returned to Captain Smithers $65 of the rent, making his donations for band uniforms amount to $90.

"April 14.

Orchestral band met with the Scientific Association in the Council

House, Wilford Woodruff, President.

"May 3.

Orchestral band met at the Social Hall.

About this time Robert Neslen withdrew from the band, and O.

Pratt, Jr. was accepted a member;

on this day William Westwood moved secretly to California without giving notice to the band of any of his movements.

"June 19.

Joshua Midgley was present with his new opheicleide.

"June 30.

At the request of Colonel Little and Major Burton, the band played in the procession at the funeral of Judge

Shaefer.

"July 4.

The band took part in the grand celebration to-day, by invitation of

Brothers Eldredge, Richards, Clawson, Hardy and Little, the committee; played in the morning in the procession to the parade grounds on Jordan bottoms, and in the afternoon as an orchestral band in the Bowery.

"July 24.

No celebration.

The band serenaded the Presidency and Bishop Hunter.

"August 4.

Orchestral band met with the Scientific Association in the Social Hall; Elder Orson Pratt lectured on the planetary rotation discovered by him November 11, 1854.

"August 28.

Some of the band went to hold concerts in the northern settlements, where they had an excellent time, clearing $218.

Having returned, we serenaded P. P. Pratt, who had been on a mission to California.

"September 4.

The band spent the evening at the residence of Howard Egan, a former member, he and his lady provided an excellent supper, and a most agreeable time was enjoyed.

Separated, wishing our friend much happiness and prosperity.

"September 11.

A letter was read from Captain Pitt, dated Camp of Israel,

August 18.

Among other expressions he said he longed for a day to sit down with us and talk over old times he expects to reach the valley in five or six weeks from date of his letter.

"September 14.

The band played for

FELICIA HEMANS.

the Horticultural Society, and was treated to peaches.

"September 17.

The band got word that Brother Ballantyne, Captain Pitt and company would cross the Big Mountain to-day, accordingly the brass band, mounted on horses, went to meet them, two baggage wagons of luggage following; we found the company camped on the other side of Little Mountain; as the band came up within five rods of the camp, Captain Glover with his guard, fired a salute, and at the same time the band struck up, 'Long, long ago,'amidst great cheering;

the company, men, women and children assembled in front of the wagons, and Captain Pitt then came out; he raised his hands, and while his soul was full almost to bursting, said:

'God bless you my brethren;

may the God of Israel bless you and your families may God bless them that bless you, and curse them that curse you;

I have not given up the ship, and I have always remembered the boys of the

Nauvoo Brass Band;'and many more words of like import he addressed to us, while the tears of joy and gratitude trickled down most of our faces.

He then led us into the centre of the camp, where we played several times, and then partook of refreshments;

the joy and hilarity were kept up till twelve o'clock at night, the band playing all around the camp, inside and out, with Captain Glover's guard, before retiring; we were roused early in the morning by the preparations for moving on.

Previous to starting, we listened to some good instructions from Elder Erastus Snow and from Brother Richard Ballantyne, president of the company, who thanked the band for coming out to meet them.

The camp began to move about eight o'clock, the band in front, playing as their spirits moved them until they reached Salt Lake

City;

halted at Union Square, and played 'Home, Sweet Home;'cheers were given by the camp, returned by the band and the crowd then dispersed.

Thus were our brethren honored by us on their return from long and distant missions thus have our prayers been answered in their behalf, and they returned to their families and to our society with honor to themselves, to the Church and to the Nauvoo Brass Band.

Even so, amen.

James Standing, Clerk.

This concludes the record:

a list of those donating for the uniforms of the band follows the above account;

after which, the book is occupied by the minutes of the Twenty-eighth Quorum of Seventies.

It is probable that the band did not long remain together after this time, and that no record was taken of the meetings—if any were held.

There are many other particulars in this old volume, which lack of space and time has forbidden me to touch upon;

these and the numerous items set down, which are rather of interest to the band than to the public;

would doubtless entertain the survivors of the old organization;

and as the book will remain in my possession for some time yet—through the kindness of Bro.

Standing—any who feel interested in its contents are welcome to look it over.

H. G. Whitney.

FELICIA 1.

If others admire the subject of this article as much as does the writer, I am certain that a short sketch of her life will not be unwelcome.

Felicia Hemans "The very music of the name, has gone

Into my being! "HEMANS.

Felicia D.

Browne was of mingled Erse and Tuscan blood.

Her father was a native of Ireland, and her mother was of German and Italian ancestry.

Felicia was the fifth in succession of a family of seven, and was born in Liverpool, England, September 25, 1793. Na-

FELICIA HEMANS.

Jure endowed her with exqusite beauty and precocity.

Her father was a Liverpool merchant, but owing to political agitations which affected many on the Liverpool exchange, he removed with his family to Gwrych, a large, old house on the northern coast of Wales, before Felicia had reached her seventh birthday.

Beautiful scenery enclosed this place and it entered, with all its enchantment, the poetical soul of the child; she drank in the traditions of the country and thus acquired the romance which pervades her narrative and dramatic poetry.

At Gwrych and Bronwylfa, a subsequent home, she imbibed that love of nature which is so displayed in all her writings.

With full access to an extensive library, sweet intercourse with brothers and sisters, the love and admiration of friends and the nurture and fond affection of a mother, who seems to have been well qualified to train and educate, and stimulate the rising genius, she spent at the old mansion nine years of her unclouded youth.

She possessed a wonderful memory.

Her sister says:

"When still a child, she could repeat pages of poetry from her favorite authors, after having read them once.

Her perceptives were equally rapid,.if not as powerful, for she could extract the meaning of an author by a glance at his pages, when a bystander would imagine she was carelessly turning over the leaves."She possessed a strong taste for drawing, and had it been made a prominent branch of education, would doubtless have become distinguished in it.

Mrs.

Sigourney says:

"To music she was keenly susceptible, and played well on harp and piano, accompanying them with a clear, melodious voice. She excelled in strains of a pensive character, and also in such national airs as embalmed traditions or suggested noble sentiment. These she decidedly preferred, to such as merely exhibit superiority of voice, or startle by brilliancy of execution.

She possessed a peculiarly soft and sustained touch, which gave the piano almost the swell of the organ."Sir Walter Scott admired her musical talents so much, that he was proud of leading her to the piano, even when princes were his guests.

She became familiar with French and Italian, while yet very young;

to these she added Spanish and Portuguese and the rudiments of German.

Of the latter she continued to increase her knowledge and almost entered into the enthusiasm of the learned lady, Elizabeth Smith, who used to say that "only a few of the very best people were worthy of understanding the German language."

Mrs. Hemans began to write poetry when only eight years old, and some of her short poems and sonnets written between eight and sixteen are very sweet and deep for one so young.

Shakspeare became her favorite at the early age of six.

It almost surpasses our comprehension how the depth and peculiarity of Shakspeare could be appreciated by a girl of that age.

Her poem, entitled, "England and Spain"for fourteen, and "The Domestic Affections,"for sixteen, are unparalleled in beauty and purity of sentiment, and expression and depth of research.

At the solicitations of her friends, she published, in her fifteenth year, a quartovolume of her poems, which had been freely scattered among them whenever their joys or sorrows elicited her sympathies.

The result of this first publication, was that she smarted for a few days under the lash of severe critics, but the buoyancy of youth expressed itself again in spontaneous song: "Like a stone cast harshly into a tuneful brook, it made the gushing waters that surmounted it more clear and sonorous."

She became acquainted with Captain Hemans at the age of fifteen.

He was romantic, vivacious and chivalrous;

of fine person and education, and the fervent expression of impassioned admiration from such a man was not lost upon an artless and susceptible heart.

His love was reciprocated, and, although they were separated from each other for three

READING THE IUBLE.

years, and Felicia's friends were loth to surrender her, so young, so beautiful, so talented and so unsophisticated, to a man of whose character they knew but little, all objections were silenced when they saw how fervently she loved him, and they were married before the bride had reached her nineteenth birthday.

(This would be considered a very early marriage in England.) "Bright hopes cast a coloring on all around, as with woman's perfect trust, she left parents and kindred, to make an Eden home for him, whom she had chosen as her more than brother, and her next to God!"

But she had scarcely more than crossed the threshold of married life, ere her idol broke and left her affections poured out upon the dust!

She must have thought of her own sad life when she wrote "Her lot is on you—silent tears to weep,

And patient smiles to wear through suffering's hour, And sunless riches from affections deep,

To pour on the broken reeds, a wasted shower!

And to make idols and to find them clay,

And to bewail that worship.

Therefore pray!

or when she said:

"They who place affections perfect trust on

Aught of earth, have many a dream to start from!"After her marriage she read and studied much; learned the Latin language, translated from the languages she had already learned, and her perseverance and tenacity in clinging to study and the cultivation and expansion of her intellect is really astonishing, when it is considered that in the course of six years she became the mother of a family of five sons, who made constant demands upon her time, attention, and physical strength.

In 1818, her husband left her for Rome, "for the benefit of his health"it was said, but, although at the time of his departure it was not believed that his stay would be permanent, it proved to be so, and during the remaining seventeen years of her life, she never looked upon his face again.

Such pure souls as Mrs.

Hemans'can be unselfish in their love and forget themselves in the loved object.

What vain longing and regret,fond love and prayers for heaven's protection upon his head must have accompanied him thither, and been constantly wafted across the sea from the sweet, angelic spirit of Felicia Hemans to the unconscious husband, who had wandered from the one who, of all the world, had loved him best!

. Or was he unconscious?

Did no soft memory of the past steal over.his spirit to remind him of his former home and faithful wife?

Did not the soul of that almost heavenly being, even at that distance, awaken a softened, relenting, loving feeling?

In his dreams, did no sweet, childish voices call him "father,"and softly, gently touch his lips with theirs, and climb upon his knee and entwine their small, loving arms around him?

It is not for us to know;

but it is a credit to Mrs. Hemans that, even after he had deserted her, she continued to correspond with him and consult his wishes with regard to the education of their children, and complied with his wishes in sending"their two elder sons,

Arthur and George, to him at Rome, where Arthur, the oldest of her children died, following his mother to that unfading, glorious land two years after she had gone thither.

Maria M. Miller, READING THE BIBLE In this age of pretension, deceit and infidelity, we can not wonder that many object to the use of the Bible in the public schools;

and observation has confirmed the opinion that even among our people there are some who seriously question the propriety of placing that book in the hands of their children, on

READING THE BIBLE.

account ot the exceeding plainness with which some of the historical events it contains are recorded.

Without stopping to argue this question, further than to say that we have not, as yet, found any words in the Bible, exclusive of proper names, that we could not find with their definitions, in Webster, we will endeavor to give a few of the reasons why the Bible should be read by the members of the Mutual Improvement

Associations.

While we do not claim that every word of the Bible is the product of direct inspiration, yet, considering it is the oldest historical record to which we have access;

that it contains some of the most sublime expressions that are to be found, as well as every variety of rhetorical figure that the student can desire, we do not hesitate to recommend it to those who are not conversant with its contents.

"In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth.

And the earth was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.

And God said, 'Let there be light,'and there was light. "

What a condensed account of great and mighty events What a subject for contemplation

Let us reflect a moment, and imagine, if we can, the chaotic state of the earth, enveloped in the waters, surrounded by impenetrable darkness; and we may, perhaps, be able to form a conception of the vast amount of faith, knowledge and power that would be required to dispel the darkness and cause to emerge from the womb of waters, a glorious orb, fitted to take its place among the planets, prepared for the dwellingplace of the sons of God, who were waiting with great anxiety to make it their temporary and eternal home.

Yet the sacred historian uses this sublime and simple language: "And God said, 'Let there be light;'and there was light."We will not dwell upon this subject, but refer our readers to the whole of the first chapter of Genesis, and ask the intelligent if they can rise from its perusal with a taste for the trashy literature for which so many thousands of dollars are annually spent.

Many years after the creation, when the descendants of Adam had become corrupted by the great Adversary, it became necessary for those who feared God to be gathered from the midst of sin and wickedness; hence, the Lord appeared to Enoch and gave him commandments concerning the building up of Zion; yet how little is said of this mission, "Enoch walked with God for three hundred years, and he was not;

for God took him."—Gen.

v. 22-24.

How astonishing the brevity of the writer!

We are left to ponder over the faith Enoch must have had, and the revelations he received to prepare himself and people for their glorious translation.

What marvelous faith led Noah to preach the gospel for one hundred and twenty years, Gen. vi.

3, and to build an ark for his temporal salvation;

ridiculed and derided upon every hand, and at last compelled to enter the vessel with but his own family as the result of so many years'labor!

Again we exclaim, what food for reflection to contemplate these events in the early history of the world!

The fall of man, the spread of sin, the translation of Enoch, the destruction of the wicked by a flood, the repeopling of the earth by Noah and his posterity, the confusion of tongues, and many others so briefly recorded!

Yet sufficient is said that it requires but little aid of the imagination to cause these interesting scenes to pass in panoramic succession before our eyes.

When we come to the calling of Abraham and the founding of the Israelitish nation, we have the history more in detail;

but what excellent personations of faith and implicit confidence in the Lord, and devotion to its laws are found among its founders Read Gen.

xxiv and contrast the simple faith and prayer of Eliezer, when sent to obtain a wife for his master's son, with the proud assertions of the would-be wise men and states-

READING THE BIBLE, men of the present generation, namely, that God does not interfere and is not concerned in our daily thoughts and actions.

Who can read the accounts of the dealings of God with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the story of Joseph, abandoned by his brethren, sold into bondage by men, but protected by God, and finally elevated to the second place in the monarchy of Egypt, and then say the Bible is not interesting?

Trace the history of the Israelites, their miraculous deliverance from bondage, the blessings they received for humility, the misery entailed upon them for disobedience, etc.

If you get tired of the details of the law of sacrifice and other laws now obsolete, pass them by, do not lay the book aside until you are able to connect the historical events and understand the rise and decline of God's peculiar people.

If you admire language, beautiful, sublime, abounding in simile, metaphor, personification, vision, interrogation, exclamation and other rhetorical figures, you will certainly be enchanted with that found in the book of Job, the Psalms, Proverbs and the prophecies of Isaiah.

Do not fail to read the poetical and prophetic utterances of the shepherd, poet, musician, warrior, and king of the Israelites, David.

Of his psalms, an eminent writer used the following language:

"There is no other hymn book so pregnant with expression of the heart's emotions, under all the vicissitudes of life, or so adapted to all climes and ages to be the universal medium of praise for all nations of the world."If the Psalms may be regarded as a manual of daily devotion;

then, truly the Proverbs are equally valuable for practical rules of life adapted to all the ages and conditions of men.

Without referring particularly to the sublime and lofty utterances of the prophets more than to advise our readers by all means to read them, we pass along to the New Testament, the record of the sayings and doings of Him who spake as never man spake.

We may take the language of the Savior, commit it to memory, and every time we repeat over a paragraph we will learn something new.

Why?

To use the language of a modern apostle, "the mind of man is not sufficiently comprehensive to grasp all the truth and import of such language at once,"hence we have to learn "line upon line and precept upon precept.""Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors."What a lesson is contained in these few words!

Who among us, comprehending them, dares to make them a portion of his petition to the throne of grace?

He summed up the commandments in few words, but who observes them?

Yet he said:

"If ye love me, keep my commandments."When in the moment of agony, so great that it caused Him to sweat great drops of blood, He felt it was impossible to drink the bitter cup;

how beautifully is his resignation expressed in the sentence, "Not my will, but Thine be done.""Father forgive them, for they know not what they do."

These words uttered when suffering extremely upon the cross, portray to us the

Godlike character of that holy Being who died that we might live.

Who, reading the acts of the apostles and their epistles, can fail to admire the faith, the devotion and the heroism of these followers of the much derided and maltreated Redeemer?

The appropriate finale to this holy book is the revelation of St.

John, portraying the past, the present, and the future in symbolical as well as plain terms, that all may be left without excuse.

Therefore, we say to all, read the Bible, not to see how much you can read, but for the sake of learning;

read it because it is the oldest and only reliable history of a great period of time;

read it because of its simplicity and plainness, its grandeur and sublimity;

lead it because it contains the words of God, and because you can not read it with an unprejudiced and reflective mind without being made wiser and better by so doing.

J.

J.

Chandler.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, July, i< POLITICAL PARTIES AND THE FUTURE.

The two great political parties of the nation have named their champions, and are strapping on their armor for the coming electoral contest, where one or the other will be declared the victor, to hold the reins of government and wield the administrative power for the next four years.

The campaign promises to be an exceedingly active and interesting one.

The parties are about equal in popularity and influence, and will each do its best to win, by every lawful means, intrigue and strategem, known in the political science that has been adopted by our country in the art of president-making.

To name the influences that are resorted to by the friends of candidates to secure their nomination, and after that to lead the polls, would be to present for contemplation, besides the fair and honorable trial of popular favor, an amount of scheming, villainy, shrewd sharp practice and bribery that we would willingly remain in ignorance of.

It has become the custom of politicians of the present day to eniploy argument, just or otherwise, to promote their candidate's cause to use official influence;

to promise official patronage to bribe with flattery and gold; and to debase the fair fame of woman, whom they enlist in their too zealous hankering for position and notoriety.

The contentious feelings of the people for their favorites, that rise with the nominations, will be fanned into raging flames of passion by the campaign orators and the partisan press before the day of election comes; and under the wildest and most ungovernable impetuosity the ballots will be cast, which secures the coveted office to the candidate of the successful party.

Should the election be close, as in 1 876, while doubtful States are yet to be heard from, an angry storm of opposition and distrust, of party hatred and sectional strife, will sweep over the land, menacing not only the union of the country, but the lives of thousands of ber citizens.

In such hours of intense and vicious clamor, it requires sober heads and steady hands to save the nation from going to pieces, or localities from riot and bloodshed.

We have witnessed the personal encounter of near kindred, holding different views, over the counting of electoral votes, and have seen the ties of nature and the love of humanity flung to the ground and crushed under the heel o-f political opinion; and have seen crowds of angry mobs surging through the streets of the most civilized cities of the country, bearing aloft banners with the illuminated motto:

"Our Candidate or Blood."Remote from these scenes,in our peaceful

Territory in the mountains, where party feeling has not gained the supreme ascendancy of reason, intelligence and good order, we can hardly realize the embitterment that poisons the flood of passion, from which the citizens of our great nation regale themselves during the Presidential contest.

It is well for us that we are so situated; and better that we should continue so, if we are not prepared to act our part in national affairs with more deliberation, loftier sentiments and better manners than have been named as characterizing the struggle of the great political parties every four years.

Whenever the time arrives that State sovereignty shall be given to our Territory, her citizens will set the nation an example in this respect that would be well to follow.

As a peace-loving, liberal and high-

EDITORIAL.

minded community, loyal to the

Constitution and eager to see its wise provisions overshadowing all, we would be ashamed to sink our best and noblest feelings in the quagmire of selfishness, or drown them in the flood of passion that takes away reason and makes men mere maniacs for the sake of an opinion.

Good order and a sincere desire to promote the public interests should be preserved inviolate in the conventions, in the campaign work and in the election of the chief dignitaries of the country, in order to secure the confidence of the people, the respect of other nations, and to prevent the sinful broils of the masses, which are a disgrace to civilization.

Controversy and opposition may exist, and various parties nominate their favorites, and proceed to do all in their power lawfully to elect them;

but it is a sin against conscience, against country and against humanity to use the means now employed for that purpose, and those guilty of it will reap their reward in the dissolution and ruin their unrestrained and intemperate ambition is fast bringing upon the nation.

One party, so far as we are able to discern, is not any better than the other.

The Republicans, in power, employ all the influence and force of power to keep it; while the Democrats resort to every unholy machination and device possible to wrest it from their opponents, with no assurance that it would be wielded more justly if they should obtain it.

We do not see why we should admire either of them, but rather why we should distrust both.

There are good reasons besides our removal from the hotbed of politics, and the thraldom of a provincial government that binds us, why our people can have no particular affinity for either of these great parties, or an absorbing interest in the result of the November elections.

We will fare about the same under the administration of Republican or Democratic presidents.

While the latter kind were in power, we were mercilessly mobbed and driven from

Missouri and Illinois.

Under the former stripe we have had a judicial warfare to wage, scarcely less vindictive and severe, involving enormous expense, annoyance and suffering.

Though we disclaim allegiance to the great political parties, we have love of country and an interest in her welfare, and as the sons of Columbia, Utah numbers thousands who inherit the spirit of patriotism that shook off the yoke of tyranny and declared our country free.

They are now forbidden participation in the glory of citizenship by prejudice and bigotry, but the time will come when they will have an opportunity to show their loyalty and prove their integrity to the principles of freedom and good government, which their fathers, under the inspiration of the Almighty, framed for their welfare and protection, whatever their religion might be, as well as for the howling priests of sectarianism, who now deprive them of their rights.

In that day when the power of partisanship shall be shaken and the nation shall totter under her load of corruption and infamy, when the cup of her iniquity shall be full, and the vengeance of Him, who first established her upon the earth and from whom her children have turned away, shall be visited upon her, then will be seen, through the dark vail of trouble hanging over her, a numerous army in the West, with bright banners flying, marching to the relief of her distress.

These are the Sons of Columbia and the

Sons of Zion!

We are pleased to welcome home Elder B. F. Cummings, jr., former Secretary of the Y. M. M.

I.

A., and a valued writer for the Contributor. He returned from Washington with Hon.

George O. Cannon and family, June 23, and is in excellent health and spirits.

His sojourn in the capital has given him a fine experience which he appears to have appreciated.

TRIALS AND HAPPINESS.

TRIALS AND HAPPINESS.

When all is beautiful, and bright and fair,

And tranquil flows the pleasant stream of life;

We may forget its sorrows, toil, or care, Perchance e'en bitterness, and pain, and strife.

Some precious lessons, trials may have taught;

We may be purer, wiser and more just,

Some beauty in our souls may have been wrought, Through faith in God, obedience and trust.

And tho'we did not clearly understand

The voice that whispered thrillingly, "be still,'

Yet we are sure, there was a guiding hand,

That buoy'd us up life's duties to fulfill.

And when our weary feet had found a place,

Where we might rest upon the great highway;

Then we have gathered courage, strength and grace, To bear the burdens of another day.

And thus we struggle on 'gainst adverse powers,

For earth-life is not perfect, nor complete;

Yet there are hallowed moments, blissful hours,

Wherein we quaff ambrosial nectar sweet,

And stand as 'twere upon enchanted ground,

Breathing an atmosphere of purity,

While love and beauty everywhere abound.

And joy, and light, and heavenly charity.

The past with all its dreariness and pains,

Sinks into insignificance compared to this;

And for the time a brilliant summer reigns,

That floods the soul with light and happiness;

Then hope sits high within the human heart,

Waving her banner o'er the buried past,

And we seem strong, to choose "that better part."- Knowing in pleasant lines our lot is cast.

Our vision of the infinite—afar

Is quickened;

and we draw so near We almost see the gates of life ajar And angel voices chanting praises hear.

And we interpret—in our own, poor way

Some of the doubts and'mysteries we've seen

But in the light of an eternal day,

Then we shall know, why, all these things have been.

Emmeline B.

Wells.

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

TEANCUM.

In that glorious galaxy of patriotpriests, or warrior-prophets, call them what we may, to whose stern integrity, inspired valor, and unflinching virtue the

Nephite Republic, in its earlier days, owed so much of its stability, and was so greatly indebted for its perpetuity, Teancum shines amongst the brightest.

View him from whatever point we please, there is no mistaking the man—his ardent disposition, his fiery impetuosity, his zealous patriotism, his undaunted courage, his love of liberty, his entire disinterestedness, shine forth in every action.

Indeed, we might almost call him rash, so little did he consider his personal safety when he thought the good of his country required the sacrifice.

In picturing the heroes of those days, Teancum looms up before us almost as a Hotspur or Murat.

In our mind's eye we can see him charging Ihe solid phalanxes of the Lamanites, rushing at full speed towards the enemy several lengths ahead of his line of battle his commanding presence inspiring confidence, his unwavering voice ringing out the word of command, his bright armor shining in the sun, and his auburn hair streaming from beneath his helmet, as, regardless of all save the lib-.

erties of his country, he falls upon the thickest of the foe, seeking out thei r chief captains, that by their death an end may possibly be put to the horrors of war.

Thus we find him slaying with his own hand, at different times, Morianton, Amalickiah and Ammoron.

In fact, it is quite noticeable that in nearly all the great battles of this age, the Nephites appear to have made it a conspicuous part of their tactics to slay the commander of the opposing hosts;

so fell Amlici, Morianton, Jacob, Coriantumr and others.

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Teancum appears to have had command of the Nephite army of the North (under the direction of Moroni, the Commander in Chief of all the forces of the

Republic), and to have had committed to him the defense of the Land Bountiful and the Isthmus of Panama.

His first exploit to which our attention is drawn is the defeat of the dissatisfied people of the hot-headed Morianton, who, having unjustly quarreled with their neighbors, the people of the City of Lehi, and being apparently aware of the unrighteousness of their cause, determined to migrate to the land northward, and there establish an independent government.

Such a movement being evidently dangerous to the peace and stability of the Republic, Moroni determined to prevent the accomplishment of their scheme.

He dispatched Teancum at the head of a body of troops to head them off.

This the gallant officer succeeded in doing, but not until they had reached the Isthmus, when a stubbornly-fought battle ensued, in which Teancum slew Morianton with his own hand, and compelled the surrender of his followers.

(B. C. 68.) The prisoners were brought back, the grievances of the two people were investigated, a union between them brought about, and both were restored to their own lands.

In the following year (B.

C.

67), Amalickiah, the apostate Nephite who reigned over the Lamanites, commenced his devastating invasion of the Atlantic provinces of the Nephites.

Commencing at Moroni, on the extreme southeast, he gradually advanced northward, capturing and garrisoning all the Nephite cities along the coast, until toward the close of the year he reached the borders of the land Bountiful, driving the forces of the Republic before him.

At this point he was met by Teancum and a corps of veterans renowned for their courage, skill and dicipline.

The Lamanite leader endeavored to force his way to the Isthmus, with the intention of occupying the northern continent.

In this he was foiled, for the trained valor of Teancum's warriors was too much for that of Amalickiah's half-savage hordes.

All day the fight lasted, and at night the worn out soldiery camped in close proximity, the Lamanites on the sea beach, and the Nephites on the borders of the land Bountiful.

It was the last night of the old year (according to Nephite reckoning);

the great heat and the terrible efforts of the day had overcome both officers and men.

The murmur of the Atlantic's waves sounded a soft lullaby in the ears of Amalickiah and his men, who, for the first time during the campaign, had suffered a check in their triumphal march.

Even Amalickiah slept; but not so with Teancum.

He was brooding over the wrongs and perils of his beloved country, and his own sufferings, the deadly fruit of one man's insatiate ambition.

As he pondered he grew more angry, and at last determined by one desperate stroke to put an end to the war;

or, if not that, at least to slay the cause of it, taking one servant with him, he secretly stole out of his own camp into that of his enemy.

A deathlike silence reigned in both.

Cautiously and unobserved he searched out the royal tent.

There lay the foe; there lay his guards, all overcome with resistless fatigue.

To draw his javelin, to thrust it into the king's heart and then flee, was but the work of a moment, and so adroitly did he fulfill his purpose, that the traitor died without a struggle or a cry, and it was not until the morning that his guards discovered that the hosts of

Laman were without a head.

When Teancum returned to his own warriors, he awoke them from their slumbers and rehearsed to them all that he had done.

It is not difficult to imagine their enthusiasm, which, lest they should arouse the enemy, they were compelled to restrain.

Nor does it require any very great stretch of fancy to believe we can hear Teancum's patriotic appeal.

How he incited them to valor by the recollections of Israel's ancient warriors, by the love they bore to their wives and little

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON

ones; how he pictured the horrors of the

Lamanite invasion—homes desolated, temples defiled, the true church prostrated, the idols triumphant.

And then invoking the protection and guidance of the Lord of Hosts, he would cry: "Oh, Thou sole Ruler amongst unnumbered worlds, to whom all things submit, be with us, thou God of our fathers, Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.

Gird on thy sword, thou Most Mighty One, go forth with our hosts in the day of battle; add to their inherited valor that confidence which springs from Thy presence.

As thou went before Moses, and Joshua, and

Jephthah, and Gideon, and Nephi, and Alma, so go before us in the power of thy might.

Pour into our hearts the spirit of thy departed servants, and inflame us with thine own, that whilst led by thy hand and fighting for the liberties thou hast confirmed unto us, we may ever march to victory, that the people may be comforted, thy Church preserved, and thy Most Holy name be glorified."

Fearing that when the Lamanites awoke they, in their desperate anger, might make a sudden onslaught, Teancum kept his men under arms during the remainder of the night.

But when the Laman.

ites saw his preparations they were affrighted, and hastily retreated to the neighboring city of Mulek, where they shut themselves up.

Each commander now felt only sufficiently strong to act on the defensive, and Teancum employed his soldiery in vigorously strengthening the fortifications of the land Bountiful, and also, by Moroni's orders, the Isthmus which formed the natural northern boundary of that land.

Moroni likewise desired him to harass and scourge the enemy whenever opportunity offered, but they kept too closely within their fortifications for much to be done in this way.

This state of mutual watching, without any aggressive movements, continued for some time.

Once Teancum, by Moroni's direction, made reconnoissance in force towards Mulek, but he found it too strongly fortified to warrant an attempt to capture it by assault.

He therefore retired to Bountiful and awaited Moroni's arrival, that officer being now conducting operations in the southwest, in the region lying between the Pacific Ocean and the upper waters of the Sidon; where, also,

Ammoron, Amalickiah's brother and successor, was directing the movements of the invaders.

Moroni did not rejoin Teancum until the end of the year B. C. 65.

At the commencement of the next year a grand council of war was held at the Nephite headquarters.

Efforts had been made to induce the Lamanites to come out and fight on the open plains between

Mulek and Bountiful, but their leaders very prudently declined.

It was therefore decided to make an effort to draw them out by strategem.

The Nephite army was divided into three divisions, commanded by Moroni, Lehi and Teancum respectively.

Teancum advanced with a small body of men near to the walls of Mulek.

The Lamanites, noticing his weakness, sallied forth to capture him.

He retreated rapidly northward along the sea beach, in well-feigned trepidation.

The enemy followed in hot pursuit.

When they neared Bountiful, Lehi and his men marched out, covered the retreat, and confronted the now fatigued legions of Laman.

Jacob, their leader, ordered a retreat to Mulek; Lehi leisurely advanced, till they reached the place where Moroni's command blockaded the road, then both Nephite commanders met the Lamanites in the shock of battle, front and rear.

The Lamanites were disastrously defeated, Jacob was killed and Mulek fell into the hands of the Nephites.

This was the turning point in the war, for from this time the patriots gradually regained their lost cities.

We have no details of the services ot

Teancum in the brilliant campaign that followed, during which the tide of victory rolled resistlessly down the Atlantic shore.

In the year B. C. 62, Moroni was compelled to march to the rescue of the Chief

Judge,Pahoran, who had been driven out of the City of Zarahemla by a traitorous

BITS OF TRAVEL.

*33 body of royalists, who took advantage of their country's misfortunes to advance their own ambitious schemes.

Moroni then left Lehi and Teancum in command of the forces in the east. When the royalist movement had been overthrown, and Pahoran had been reinstated on the judgment seat, Moroni returned to the work of driving out the invaders. The details of this campaign belong more properly to the life of Moroni than Teancum;

we will therefore simply say that at last the soldiers of Ammoron were driven out of every Nephite City on the Atlantic seaboard, except the outlaying one, called Moroni, where the whole of the invading host were massed for a final desperate stand, and around which Moroni, with hurried and lengthened marches, had concentrated his warriors.

It was the night before an expected decisive battle, and the Nephite officers and soldiery were too worn out to either devise strategems or execute them.

Teancum alone was in a condition of unrest.

He remembered with intense bitterness all the bloodshed, woes, hardships, famine, etc., that had been brought about in this great and lasting war between the two races, which he rightlv attributed to the infamous ambition of Amalickiah and Ammoron. He reflected how he had slain the former, and determined that as he had slain Amalickiah, so should Ammoron fall.

In his anger he stole forth into the enemy's camp, let himself over the walls of the city, sought out the king's tent, and when he had found out the object of his search, he cast a javelin at him, which pierced him near the heart;

but, unlike Amalickiah* Ammoron's death was not instantaneous, he had time to wake up his servant before he passed away.

The alarm was given,, the guards started in pursuit, Teancum was overtaken, caught and slain.

On the morrow Moroni attacked the Lamanites, defeated them with great slaughter, captured the city, and drove them entirely out of Nephite Territory.

(B. C. 61.) The writer of the Book of Alma records: "When Lehi and Moroni knew that Teancum was dead they were exceedingly sorrowful;

for behold, he had been a man who had fought valiantly for his country, yea, a true friend to liberty and he had suffered very many exceeding sore afflictions.

But behold, he was dead, and had gone the way of all the earth."X.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

ST. GOTTHARD PASS.

The season when travel in the Alps is considered the most enjoyable by European tourists commences in May and closes in the early days of October.

During the latter month, however, many are attracted to the lower slopes of the majestic mountains by the autumnal tints of the dying vegetation, which clothes the hillsides in robes of exquisite coloring, and when illuminated by the rays of the rising or setting sun, reflected back from the white ciests above, presents the most splendid tableaux vivants of mountain scenerv in the world.

Later than October the mountain passes are considered dangerous, and are seldom traversed by pleasure seekers, the traffic being confined to commercial travelers and the mail, with an occasional venturesome tourist, who is willing to run the risk of delay and exposure for the sake of witnessing the carnival of King Winter held in his favorite Alpine home, where he is throned, in spotless robes, among the loveliest valleys, surrounded by towering peaks reaching to the sky, which likewise own his sway.

It so happened that we were obliged to make the Swiss tour late in the season, and to cross the mountain barrier into

'34 BITS OF TRAVEL.

Italy, like Napoleon and his army, in the dead of winter.

The Reuss, across which the road passes many times in the ascent to St.

Gotthard, is crowded between the precipitous cliffs, which form its banks and raise their snowy heads aloft thousands of feet.

Its waters roar dismally from below as they leap over their rough bed and are lashed into fury by the jutting rocks.

We commenced the journey by diligence, stage coach, at Fluelen, and reached Wasen in good time, shortly after crossing the third bridge, or Pfaffensprung,

Priest's Leap, named from the tradition that a monk once leaped across the stream at this place with a girl in his arms.

The view from Wasen is very beautiful in both directions.

The ascent becoming more abrupt as we leave the little village, makes our progress slow, but gradually Ave climb the hilly road, winding through the gorge and crossing the stream often, until we reach the eighth bridge, called the Teufels-briicke, or Devil's Bridge, having attained an altitude of nearly five thousand feet.

The river here falls in a beautiful cascade into an abyss one hundred feet below, while its spray bedews the bridge above.

One is likely, while gazing over the steep banks, to encounter the "hatrogue,"the name given by the natives to the wind, which blows in such sudden gusts here as often to endanger the hats of unwary strangers.

Twenty feet below, where this fine granite bridge now spans the river in a single arch, is the time-worn structure of a hundred years ago, covered over with moss and lichen, but still a lasting memento of a hard fought battle, which occurred between the Austrians and French in the year 1799.

The Austrians had taken up a strong position near the bridge, but were unable to withstand the impetuous attack of the

French.

They therefore blew up the small side-arch nearest them, in consequence of which hundreds of soldiers were precipitated into the abyss and communication cut off.

The French then scaled the right bank of the Reuss, and compelled the Austrians to retire in the night.

Their success, however, was of short duration. A month after, Suwarow, with an army of Russians, marched over the St. Gotthard and pressed hard upon the French.

The latter had taken up quarters above the bridge and just below the Urner Loch, a tunnel seventy yards long cut through the solid rock, and originally only broad enough for pedestrians and horses, but at that time widened out so as to admit a platoon of soldiers.

This tunnel had been carefully filled with masses of rock and walled up, but the Russians removed the obstacles and reopened the road.

As they emerged from the tunnel they were exposed to a murderous fire from the French, in spite of which, however, they forced a passage and drove their enemy back as far as the

Lake of Lucerne.

The peaceful valley of Urseren, which is reached soon after emerging from the wild canon below, presents a striking appearance.

In the summer time it is no doubt a charming place—a quiet vale in the tops of the mountains, carpeted with luxuriant vegetation, upon which the small black cattle of the Alps graze unmolested. The rippling stream, meandering through its entire length, divides the valley and waters its pastures.

The fourteen hundred inhabitants are subject to the cold of winter eight months in the year, and often require fires during the summer nights.

They gain a livelihood by feeding cattle and conveying passengers and goods over the St. Gotthard.

As we saw this nook in the mountains it was a broad expanse of snow, dreary and forbidding in the extreme.

Andermatt, the chief village of the valley, contains a church believed to date back to the time of the Lombards adjoining it is the charnel-house, in which are numerous skulls bearing inscriptions.

It is a curious custom in some parts of Switzerland, and prevails even to the present day, on the occasional opening of the family vaults, for survivinsr members to convey the

BITS OF TRAVEL.

skulls of their lamented dead to the charnel-house, where, with what are considered appropriate inscriptions painted on them, they are arranged as ornaments of the buildings, and are exhibited as sacred relics of the dear departed.

Just beyond Andermatt we were obliged to leave the comfortable old diligence and take to sleds, which were rude affairs, resembling the pictures we have seen of Laplander's sledges.

Each sled would hold two passengers, or their equivalent in goods or baggage, and a driver, who sat as much outside as within the runners.

They were drawn by a single horse, around whose neck tinkled a tiny bell, and each was provided with a dim lantern.

By the time- all the baggage had been loaded and we were ready to resume our journey, we presented the appearance of an imposing cavalcade of upwards of twenty sleds, such as we have read about accompanying young Russian noblemen upon their overland winter journeys to pay their addresses to their betrothed, carrying with them great quantities of presents.

We took up our line of march, going slowly, just as the last glimmering of the sunlight faded away from the tops of the mountains in the east, and as the large, airy snowflakes began to fall around us threateningly.

We passed through Hospenthal as it was getting dark.

Here the first act of extortion was practiced upon us by the cunning drivers, who made a demand for the usual gratuity before going farther.

They then repaired to the Meyerhof, and having taken what appeared to be a liberal draught of a stimulating beverage, resumed their seats and drove on.

The ascent to the Pass of St. Gotthard is made by a winding road through a desolate valley, an arm of which reaches clear up to the summit, seven thousand feet above the sea, where the road passes between several small lakes.

Here we halted a few moments while the straps on the baggage sleds were being tightened, and preparations made for the descent.

We felt the solitude of Nature as we peered out upon the dismal waste of snow around us, only relieved by tall trees breaking through and coated over with hoary frost, sparkling with the light of diamonds as the flickering rays from our lanterns fell upon them.

On the south side of the pass the snow falls to a great depth often thirty or forty feet.

Avalanches are frequent, the road being blocked up by vast slides of snow, that sometimes do not melt entirely away during the whole summer.

The downward path is exceedingly steep and tortuous, and when we passed over it, was very narrow and dangerous, being broken through the snow by the sleds that preceded us.

Down the narrow defile we followed each other, whenever possible, at a slow trotting pace.

The intricate windings of the road and steep declivity would often show us the dancing lights of the forward sleds below us headed in three directions, the merry little bells being faintly heard as the horses shook the falling snow from their manes.

Once a poor beast missed his footing and slipped half over the side of the trodden road, and being unable to rise again his load was put upon another sled, the remaining ones passed over him and he was left in the snow.

By this incident we were assured that a departure from the beaten path would be fatal, and the narrowness of the road, which was not more than four feet wide, gave us gloomy forbodings, not at all re"lieved by the conduct of our driver, who seemed to be under the influence of the last strong cup, taken at a friendly Hospice just after leaving the summit.

The Hospices are often the salvation of travelers lost in the snow.

They are managed by orders of priests and are provided with beds and provisions for poor travelers, who are fed gratuitously.

At the one referred to upwards of ten thousand persons are entertained annually.

There are also kept at the Hospices the fine race of Newfoundland dogs, which are employed in the humane

3 6 YSTER RA ISING.

service of life-saving when occasion requires.

We had made very good progress down the mountain, and were beginning to feel relieved of anxiety, when an accident occurred that revived all our distrust of the driver and gave us great affright.

Just before crossing a bridge that spanned the ravine, in the bottom of which, a hundred feet below, the dark, rumbling raver rolled on, sending up a dismal sound, we were suddenly alarmed by a piercing cry.

It came from the occupants of the sled in front of us;

and looking ahead, as well as we could in the darkness, we saw them standing, their faces blanched and hair on end, while their sleigh sped on within an inch of the edge of the bridge.

It carried them safely over, however, but was very near plunging them into the abyss below.

We had no sooner recovered from this alarm and congratulated ourselves on crossing the bridge in safety, than we were thrown into greater distress.

We were tipped out into the snow, our sled on top of us, and our heads dangling over the the side of the precipice, with eternity fearfully near.

With the driver's help, however, we soon righted up the sled and took our seats again, suffering only a nervous shock and the loss of a hat, which was lodged on the snowy bank sixty feet below, but entirely beyond recovery.

The remainder of the journey was made in safety, and leaving the sleds at Faido, we entered a diligence and rolled into the ancient Italian town of Bellinzona as the gray dawn broke, where, before our winter's night in an Alpine pass, we had seen the fading light of the settine sun.

IX:

Vallibus.

OYSTER I am not going to give a scientific treatise on conchology, but propose merely to tell how I obtained some practical knowledge of oysters and how they are produced.

Late one afternoon in autumn, 1 reached the town of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, situated on Raritan River, near the head of Raritan Bay, and in the midst of the most prolific oyster region in the world.

I supposed that oysters were not caught with a hook and line, but I had to confess to a rather dim idea of the manner in which the market was supplied with these delicious bivalves.

But I now had an opportunity of acquainting myself with the whole matter, and so took a walk down to the shore of the river, with a view to learning a practical lesson in oyster raising.

soon spied a skiff heavily laden with unopened oysters, which was moored to a wharf.

In the skiff were a man and a boy.

I approached and accosted the man, by saying that I was from the west, where such things did not grow, and would be pleased to get RAISING.

some information on the manner of producing oysters.

The river here was very wide and apparently but a few feet deep, and I noticed a great many poles sticking up in it, at greater or less distances apart.

"Well,"said the man, "we plant the oysters, and when they get big enough, we take them up and send them to market.""Plant them,"said I, "where do you get the seed?""Here,"he replied, picking up a large unopened oyster, the shell of which was nearly as large as my hand, and very rough and dirty.

He gave it a rinse in the water, and then tossed it to me.

"You see them little things a stickin'onto the shell, 'bout as big as yer thumb nail,"said he.

I told him that I saw them.

"Well,"said he, "them's the seed.

They're little oysters.

They stick to the old one's shell till they giow big enough, and then they come off.

Me and my boy's jest goin'over these here in the boat, a pickin'off the seed."On examining the oyster he had tossed to me, I saw probably a dozen

QUEEN VICTORIA'S CHILDHOOD.

*37 small objects, shaped like a large oyster shell, but no larger than a silver dime, adhering to the parent shell.

The oyster man was very ignorant about everything except oysters, but he knew all about them.

He informed me that at a certain season of the year, "the old oyster laid its eggs,"that is, produced its spawn.

This spawn, issuing from the shell, would adhere to the sides of it, or to stones or some rough surface with which it came in contact in the water.

Thus lodged, a shell soon formed around the germ, and, in due course of time, a fine fat oyster was the result.

''Where do you plant the seed you are picking off!"I asked.

He called my attention to the poles I had seen sticking up in the river, and said they marked the boundaries of the oyster fields of the men engaged in raising oysters.

From the account he gave me, it appeared that the surface or rather the bed of the river had been divided up into plats with as much precision as the town had, and that every man in the business owned or leased one or more of these plats, and any trespass on the plat of another, was as flagrant breach of law as a trespass in another's garden would be.

The "seed"was scattered on these plats and allowed to lie on the bottom till they became large enough for market.

They were then taken up by means of an implement called an oyster rake, the "seed"adhering to them in turn, were picked off, and they were sent to market.

"How long does it take to raise a crop from the seed?"I asked.

"They get big enough to eat in two years,"he replied, "but it pays better to let 'em lay three years.

They bring a good deal better price then.

We can't get much for twoyear-olds.""How much do they bring?""For the biggest ones, such as restaurants keep to eat on the half-shell, we get three dollars a thousand, for the smaller ones, two dollars, or less."He said that the oysters were all soiled, according to size before being sent to market.

He then tossed me up a quantity, showed me how to open them, and said if I liked oysters on the half-shell, I would like these, as they had just been taken from the water.

"Are they alive?"I asked, as I held one on the point of my penknife.

"O yes,"said he, "but you needn't be afraid to take 'em in.

They can't neither kick nor squeal."Thus encouraged, I placed the creature in my mouth.

It offered no resistance as I swallowed it, and was so delicious that I tried another and another until Fcould eat no more.

Tossing the man a coin, I bade him good day, well pleased with my lesson in conchology.

B. F.

Ciimmings, Jr.

QUEEN VICTORIA'S CHILDHOOD.

The Princess Victoria was born within the homely brick walls of Kensington Palace, on the 24th of May, 1819.

When she was only a few months old her father died, closely followed by his father, poor old King George.

Before this, it is recorded that "the Regent was not kind to his brother,"and when the Duke of Kent died, it was found that "the poor Duke had left his family deprived of all means of existence."Thus the position of the mother of the future sovereign, a young German princess, so soon left alone in this strange and not always very genial country, was far from consoling.

Her brother, Prince Leopold, hastened to her in her distress, and stood by her in all her future difficulties.

Few women have had a severer piece of work to undertake.

But for that wise and kind brother, the

Duchess of Kent, though the mother of the future Queen, was all but unfriended in a home with which she had as yet but little time to get acquainted.

She was a foreigner, accustomed to different ways of living, and had not even the easy elasticity of youth which accustoms itself to anything, for she was already over thirty when she married the Duke; and while occupying so great a position, she was comparatively poor.

Had she withdrawn with her child to her own country, to bring the little Princess up among her

ASSOC!A TION INTELLIGENCE.

own people, cheaply and kindly, far away from the criticisms and extravagances,, the late hours and bustle, of English life, who could have wondered?

But the Duchess had the temperate Coburg blood in her veins, and shared the sound sense and judgment of her race.

She never forgot that her eight-months-old baby was the first Princess of the blood, English above all things, and imperatively requiring an English education.

And she began her long career of self-denial by steadily remaining in England, though far from her friends and everything that was most dear to her.

The little family, bereaved, returned to the old palace at Kensington, where the child had been born, and there the early days of the Princess were chiefly spent.

More happy than most children in her position, the little heiress of England had the society of an elder sister, whose superior age must, in those innocent days, have neutralized the immense difference of position, and given something of the sweet natural humility of a younger child in a well-regulated household to this most important member of the family, all unconscious of her own greatness.

This sister, Princess Feodora, afterward Princess

Hohenlohe, was the tenderest of friends and companions to the Queen during her whole life. They were brought up together in quiet old Kensington, and in the sweeter solitude of Claremont, the house where Prince Leopold had spent his short married life, which belonged to him, and in which he often received his widowed sister and her little girl.

They were there in the summer of 18245 and so bright must that summer have been that its brightness still lasts in recollection, though the little Princess was but five years old.

"Those days of Claremont,"the Queen herself tells us, "were the happiest days of her childhood.

The most careful education was given to the young Princess.

Over this training Prince Leopold watched with all the interests of a statesman, and all the tenderness of a father.

Already, too, other visions of the future were dawning before the far-seeing eyes of the man who, with the sincerest desire for the welfare of England, and a longing, no doubt made all the stronger by the melancholy failure of his personal hopes, to give to the country which had received him a kindly and noble sovereign, had at the same time a natural wish to advance his own family, worthy by constitution and character as it had already proved itself.

Another child, Prince Albert, standing to him in exactly the same relationship as Victoria, was born just after her in the little ducal court at Saxe-Coburg, in the cheerful country house of Rosenau. While the children were still in their cradles the idea of iheir union seems to have communicated itself to all about them. The families were in constant communication, the young mothers exchanging those pleasant experiences and bits of nursery news, as mothers will do as long as the species lasts.

All the doings and growing of "the little May-flower,"as the Princess was called by the kind German kinsfolk, were recorded with fond simplicity for the pleasure of the old grandmother at home.

The good German nurse, who passed from one house to another as her services were wanted, "could not sufficiently describe what a dear little love"the baby at Kensington was, and the baby of Rosenau had the enthusiastic pen of his mother to do him full justice.

Ex.

ASSOCIATION We are in receipt of letters from some of the Stake Superintendents, stating that the full membership of their Associations and complete returns of their exerINTELLIGENCE.

I cises do not appear in the Statistical Report, published in the June number.

We I are aware that the whole report is in I many respects deficient, doubtless be-

ASSOC!A TION INTELLIGENCE.

cause it is the first supplied on printed forms.

Blanks are, however, now prepared, on which the quarterly Reports should be made out, and if the Superintendents see that their quarterly Reports come in, properly filled up, we will assure them of a complete and far more satisfactory exhibit when the next annual report is made up from their returns.

OFFICERS OF THE Y. L. M.

I. A.

At the General Conference of the Relief Societies, Young Ladies'and Primary Associations, held in the Salt Lake

Assembly Hall June 18 and 19, the following Territorial officers were chosen for the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations:

President, Mrs.

Elmina S. Taylor;

Counselors, Mrs. Maggie Y. Taylor and Miss Mattie J. Home;

Secretary, Miss Louie Wells; Treasurer, Mrs. Fanny Y. Thatcher.

At the same time the following ladies were sustained as officers lor the Salt Lake Stake: Mary A.

Freeze, Superintendent;

Louie Felt and Clara V. Conrad, Counselors; Augusta

J. Crocheron, Secretary.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCES.

The Quarterly Conference of the Y.

M. M. LA. and Y. L. M.

I. A. of Bear Lake was held at Paris on the evening of

May 8.

After the opening exercises, the several Associations of the Stake were reported verbally by representatives, from whom we learned that they were, on the whole, in a very good condition, and had accomplished much good among the young men.

Several of the Associations have started libraries, and some are publishing manuscript papers.

The Y. L. M.

I. A. were also reported by representatives, the reports being very encouraging.

Amongst those who addressed the meeting were President Alice Rich, of the Y. L. M.

I. Associations, and Superintendent H.

S. Woolley, who besides giving the young men some good instructions, read the Stake statistical report.

President James H. Hart addressed the meeting:

Said he looked forward to the time when these Associations would be the means of stamping out every evil and depraved habit and taste among the young.

Exhorted the young to make good use of the opportunities given them to learn of the principles of the Gospel.

Also exhorted the young ladies to encourage home industries.

Prayed that God would bless all who were laboring in any way to advance the Kingdom of God.

The quarterly conference of the Y. M- and Y. L. M.

I. A. of Davis County convened in the Farmington Meeting-house,

May 23, 1880.

Wilford Woodruff and Jos. F.

Smith, of the General Superintendency also Junius F. Wells, Wm. S. Burton, Sisters

Home and Woodruff, President Wm. R.

Smith and others were present on the stand.

Meeting called to order by Asst.

Supt. Thomas J. Steed.

Quarterly reports of both Associations were read by their respective secretaries, followed by verbal reports by the Association Presidents, which were generally favorable and encouraging.

President Nancy A.

Clark reported her labors, showing that the young ladies are improving.

She was followed by Asst.

Superintendents Steed and Hatch, who reported favorably of the north and south missionary districts.

They were followed by remarks from Apostle Jos.

F.

Smith on different subjects for the benefit of the young, which were listened to with marked attention.

Elder Junius F. Wells read extracts from a letter written by

Supt. B.

H.

Roberts, now on a mission to the Western States At 2 p.m. the sacrament was administered.

The general officers were unanimously sustained.

In consequence of Supt. Roberts having gone on a mission,

Anson V. Call was nominated and sustained as Superintendent of the Y. M. M.

I. A. of this stake.

The conference was then addressed by Sisters Home and Woodruff, who each in turn gave excellent

2 40 PUBLICA TIONS RECEIVED.

advice and instruction.

They were followed by Supt. Woodruff on the advancement and consequent improvement of the young through the medium of the

Associations.

He spoke of his visit among the Indians of Arizona, their habits, customs, etc., which was very interesting.

The conference was very well attended and a good spirit prevailed.

Adjourned for three months.

Quarterly Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of Beaver County, met in the Beaver Meeting-house, Sunday evening, May 30, 1880.

After the opening exercises, Superintendent S. A. Wixom arose and made a few introductory remarks, after which the minutes of the General Conference held in Salt Lake City were read and the officers were unanimously sustained.

The Stake officers were then presented and sustained by a unanimous vote.

Verbal reports were received, showing a lively interest and fair prospects for beneficial results.

Remarks were made by President J.

P. M. Farnsworth, Alzina Skinner and Fanny Tolton, of the Y. L. M. I. A., and

S. O. White, Superintendent Wixom, of the Young Men's Association, and by President John Ashworth all spoke encouragingly, and exhorted us to improve the opportunities we now have, and as far as possible to sustain the Contributor by subscriptions and contributions.

Conference adjourned to meet in Minersville on the evening of August 28.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

Spring Blossoms;

a choice collection of Historical and Literary Essays and Original Poems, by Leo Haefeli and E. H. Anderson, of the Ogden Junction Publishing Co.

As spring had given us the go bye this year, we were beginning to think that "Spring Blossoms"would serve us the same way, when suddenly it appears before us, bright and fresh from the press.

The well written prose articles are, Three

Ideals of Education, Family Joys and Griefs, and Mary Stuart, by Haefeli; and

Biographical sketches of Bacon, Shakspeare and

Milton, by Anderson.

The latter also contributes three very pretty poems, entitled, respectively;

Home, Eternity and Love.

These complete the volume, which is one that will be read with pleasure by all who appreciate choice literature from the pens of home writers.

Two POEMS; by O.

F. Whitney, a sixteen page pamphlet, handsomely printed.

For sale at the Exponent Office.

Price 15 cents per copy or two for 25 cents.

"The land of Shinehah"has already been noticed in these columns, but the later poem; "The Women of the Everlasting Covenant,"is new to us.

It is a fair companion for its elder sister, and breathes forth the same earnest poetic feeling that makes all of Bishop Whitney's writings so impressive. We present two extracts Heroines of unsounded fame!

I raise A feeble voice to sing your virtues'praise;

But themes are few, and inspiration rare,

Whose words suffice your merits to declare.

"Tis glorified where angel tongues approve,

Enrolled among the hallowed claims of Love,

Where voices, soaring in celestial song,

Resound the realms of Endless Life among.

These honor give, where Honor's wealth is due,

A hymn of Heaven's praise for hearts as true,

And echoes, soft as rains in early Spring,

Bequeathe to Earth the Muse's offering.

My mother!

on thy pale and care-lined ^row,

O'erhung with Sorrow's wreath of silver snow,

Outvying fabled Splendor's fairest gem,

Shall shine, in heaven's light, a diadem.

Thy tear-dimmed eve shall be forever bright,

Thy form renewed and robed in living light,

Where souls redeemed, immortal glories share,

And God is near and Love IS EVERYWHERE.

Hope deferred maketh the heart sick;

but when the desire cometh it is a tree of life.

When a man dies, people inquire what property he left behind.

Angels will ask what eood deeds he has sent before him.