"Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth.,"

Vol.

I.

JANUARY, 1880.

No.

4.

CONFIDENCE.

IV.

"I rejoice, therefore, that I have confidence in you in all things."ii Cor.

vii, 16.

Let us enquire why the Apostle Paul had confidence in all things, in the people to whom he was writing.

By reference to the next chapter, commencing at verse 13, we find the following: "For I mean not that other men be eased and ye burdened: but by an equality that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want, that there may be equality.

As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack."Again, verse 21:

"Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men."Such doctrines preached and practiced honestly among any people with whom God has dealings, should receive the unreserved confidence of all good men.

For the practice of divine principles of this nature portrays a warmth of love, which alone can be cherished by hearts wherein individual selfishness has been crucified for the welfare and salvation of others.

This same doctrine, thoroughly observed by the Nephite people, to whom I have before alluded, enabled them to deal justly with each other, gave them a complete victory over that narrow-minded, over-reaching selfishness, which is such a. curse to the inhabitants of the earth to-day; and which, to some extent finds a nourishing soil even among the Latterday Saints.

The Nephites, through the firm establishment of that perfect, heaven-born confidence, succeeded in shaming pride, disarming suspicion, a*hd driving from their midst jealousy and hatred;

while envy, that "rottenness of the bones,"found no place among them.

A happier, purer and more devoted people never lived. And strange as it may seem, they grew, while under this just and equitable system, exceedingly rich.

Rich in what?

Why, rich in the wealth of this world! and, what was far better, rich in the things of heaven.

They sought first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all other things, according to the infallible promises of Jehovah, were added.

Among them there were no idlers to eat the bread of the laborers, no betrayers of public or private trusts, no slanderers, false accusers or hypocrites.

For none of these things could exist among a people where every man dealt justly with his neighbor.

To do this in its perfect sense pertains not only to transactions arising in the exchange of goods and chattels, but it has a broader meaning.

One person may take an undue and even dishonest advantage of another in a business transaction, and we would say he dealt unjustly.

But what shall we say of him who misrepresents, impugns, casts shadows of distrust upon others, defaming their good name

CONFIDENCE.

wrongfully Is such a one unjust Yes, worse than unjust;

for he steals, as Shakspeare says, that which not enriches him, but makes others poor indeed.

With the knowledge we have regarding these matters, is it not a marvel and a wonder that we have any in our midst who seem disposed to destroy rather than to create confidence, to tear down what it has taken better men years to build up, to cherish envy rather than love, hatred instead of compassion, pride instead of meekness, and the love of the world instead of the love of God.

It seems strange indeed that we cannot, as an entire people, realize that it was through harboring such wicked sentiments that Satan was prompted to rebel against the Creator and was cast down to the earth, where in the darkness of chaos, surrounded with the anguish of the damned, beaten, foiled and banished from the realms of glory, the poet Milton pictures him rising in the midst of his kind and proclaiming that "it is better to reign in hell than to serve in heaven."

Can we wonder that the angels should cry with a loud voice "Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea!

for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath."Are we surprised that the heavens and those who dwell in them were bidden to rejoice, because of the casting down of him who had been the accuser of their brethren day and night before God, and yet, while still rejoicing in heaven, turned with sorrow and compassion towards us, when beholding the woes to which the children of earth would be subjected, because of the mission of hate, envy and bitterness which Satan and those over whom he would gain power, would perform?

It was this spirit and power which tempted mother Eve in the Garden of Eden, destroying peace and happiness there, as he had sought to do in heaven.

It was this power which, in different ages, has worked in the hearts of men, causing them to persecute and slay the prophets of the Lord, and to wrap the followers of Jesus in the skins of wild beasts, that so they might be worried and torn in pieces by dogs.

Men swayed by this influence would, if they had the power, paint angels black and declare to the world that they were devils.

He it was, that old serpent, the father of lies, who tempted the Savior forty days in the wilderness, offering the kingdoms of the world as an inducement to worship him.

He it was that tauntingly bade the Lord make bread from stones to satisfy his hunger; and, when rebuked, caused the Jews to persecute and hate their Messiah, until He became a man of sorrow and acquainted with grief, weeping over Jerusalem and her inhabitants with emotions of anguish, the like of which have never stirred another's breast.

Hear the cry of Him in whom there was no guile, as alone He bore the heavy burden of a nation's ingratitude:

"O Jerusalem, Jerusalem!

thou that killest the prophets and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would

I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

Behold, your house is left unto you desolate."He knew why their house would be left unto them desolate, understanding the trials and sufferings and death through which

He would have to pass, while they heaped upon Him indignities, the very contemplation of which caused drops of blood to issue from the pores of His undefiled body, which they, rejoicingly, nailed upon the cross, veiling the heavens and earth in darkness, and loading their children with a curse under the weight of which they have groaned, finding no rest, for over eighteen hundred years.

It was this same power of evil, revived with intense hatred, which caused trouble at Kirtland and Nauvoo, and at Carthage bathed the soil of liberty with the blood of the prophets Joseph and his brother Hyrum;

and finally drove a destitute and almost starving people a thousand miles into a trackless wilderness.

These

CONFIDENCE, more modern tribulations, at least, we ought not soon to forget, nor should we fail to profit by knowledge so dearly bought.

Whatever in the justice of God may happen to those who have given themselves to dark and cruel deeds, listing to obey their master,who was a murderer and a liar from the beginning, let us, the rising generation, the hope of Israel, never forget that this same power, within and without, is still very great, and will continue until the Prince of peace shall cast him and his hosts down to hell, as He cast them out from heaven.

He will cause the opulent, the proud, the heady and high-minded to excuse themselves from attending the marriage supper of the Lamb.

But worse than this, he will cause all in Zion to sleep while the Bridegroom tarries; and when the cry is heard, "Behold, the Bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet Him,"one half of the entire people who have believed themselves Saints, will have no oil, and while they go to buy, the door is closed, and Him whom they have believed their Master knows them not.

We cannot fail to make the proper application of this parable.

It is meant for the Latter-day Saints and none others.

We all have lamps, but as the Lord lives we will be without oil, if we practice the evils about which I have been writing, or others which I will name hereafter.

I bear this testimony humbly and in the name of the Lord, not only to the young, but to all.

There are evils in our midst which are harbored by the middle-aged and old as well as by the young, and which bear the fruits of bitterness and dry up the oil in our lamps.

And as God is just and His words fail not, so sure, if we turn not away from these things and cease to do them, will we find ourselves in darkness at a time when the possession of light would secure our eternal salvation.

I therefore earnestly beseech and implore the young people, now growing to manhood in Zion, to commence, while yet young, to conform their words and acts to the laws of the gospel, even if their fathers and mothers do sometimes fail to set them the example.

Commence at the beginning.

"Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother."

Here we find a command, the practice of which will beget a desire to save, and will create a love in the human heart that nothing else can.

The desire to save (gain) others, touched that strong cord of love, and caused the Savior to leave the mansions of glory above and descend beneath, that he might arise with others, the fruits of his victory, above all things.

How infinitely above, how more divinely lovely are the tender vibrations of our better natures as they leap from the heart with a desire to save, than are those which spring from an evil nature, a sin-ladened soul, with desires to crush and kill with the poisoned darts of slander!

"Forgive us our trespasses, as we are willing to forgive the trespasses of others against us Upon this basis and upon this condition let us live and build a sure foundation, upon which true heaven-born and God-blessed confidence may rest forever.

Should a hope of any earthly reward inspire us with a zeal equal to that which attends us while performing a mission of peace to another, whom we willingly forgive, even as we desire forgiveness, that the heavens be not as brass over our heads?

Are we not deceiving ourselves, and binding our limbs with fetters of our own forging, when we speak evil to others of our brethren, who may have trespassed against us, but unto whom we have not gone according to the command to seek either reparation or reconciliation?

In vain shall we seek the blessings of the Lord, if we forgive not each other for, if we fail to do this, we stand condemned before Him, and in us is the greater sin.

We may pray and preach and hold responsible places among the

CONFIDENCE.

people, yet our hearts will be far removed from God, and His Spirit will neither be our light nor our guide.

The Book of Covenants plainly informs us that the disciples of Jesus were destroyed because they in their hearts forgave not one another.

We should profit by their experience and avoid a similar fate.

With these waymarks so clearly indicating the experience of others, and showing as they do the sad results which follow the breaking of apparently simple commandments, why is it that we cannot, or do not, observe in all things the ways of the Lord and walk in

His paths?

The answer is simple, the cause is apparent.

That same spirit which in every age has captivated the hearts of men, leading them whithersoever he will, still has power.

To Satan it matters but little by what name a man is known, or what his professions may be, if he will but yield to the influence of darkness and do the behests of him, whom he has, though perhaps ignorantly, listed to serve.

Satan would as soon a man be called

Latter-day Saint, and recognized as such among the people, as anything else, if he will only go upon the streets, in the highways and byways, and tell others of the trespasses of his brethren, real'or imaginary, instead of going alone to the offenders, seeking to gain instead of lose them.

In prompting us to neglect the observance of

God's holy commandment, the keeping of which would bind us with cords of love in a union which he could never break, Satan has but one object, and that is to destroy.

As to the means of accomplishing the destruction of our souls he cares but little.

If he can cause you and me not to forgive each other, but to speak evil of and slander our brethren form and pronounce unjust, harsh and cruel judgments upon them; slander our neighbors, or entertain feelings of animosity towards them;

and, while under these sinful influences, cause us unworthily to partake of the emblems of the broken body and spilt blood of Christ, that we may eat and drink to the condemnation of our own souls, to the drying up of the oil in our lamps, and the grieving of the Holy Spirit away from our hearts;

he will rejoice at swelling the ranks of the lost over whom he will reign in hell.

But says one, "May I not be forgiven of the injury which I have done my neighbor?"I answer that God is gracious, full of mercy and loving kindness toward us, and is quick to hear the repentant cries of those who have covenanted to serve Him; but in His laws of eternal justice, that of restitution finds a place.

I may say a harsh, unjust, unkind word about my brother to-day, and it may be caught by envious tongues and sent upon the wings of slander to the ends of the earth.

And wherever he goes, there he must meet the poison of my malice, like a viper with its fangs always ready to sting.

Long after I have forgotten the cruel saying, years after the tongue, moved in envy and prompted by hatred to speak it, may have cleaved to the mouth which pronounced it, and while both may be rotting in the grave, still may my brother be annoyed, vexed and harmed by the surviving infliction.

A lady in the Catholic church besought from a priest absolution.

The priest desired to know the nature of her sin, and was informed that she had slandered her neighbors.

The priest sorrowfully shook his head, but finally took from the wall a dry mustard stalk, upon the limbs of which hung many pods.

Handing this to the woman, he bade her go into the yard of each of her neighbors whom she had slandered, and while there, to strike sharply with a stick the mustard stalk, and then return and acquaint him with the result.

Returning, the lady informed the priest that each time she had stricken the mustard stalk the pods opened, and the little seeds were scattered by the winds all over the yard.

"Certainly,''replied the priest, "that would be the

THE PRESSURE OF THE ATMOSPHERE.

natural consequence.

But go now and gather up the little seeds and bring them back to me, and I will absolve your sin.""Nay, nay,"in anguish cried the woman, "the accomplishment of your requirement is impossible.""So also,"sadly replied the priest, "is absolution from such a sin impossible, the consequences thereof being beyond human reach."Moses Thatcher.

THE PRESSURE OF THE ATMOSPHERE.

The many names given by the ancients to the atmosphere, such as air, spirit, life, breath and others, indicate plainly the fact that their ideas on the subject were very vague.

Aristotle attempted to find the weight of the air by filling a bladder with it, and weighing it, and then weighing the bladder empty.

Of course he found no difference in the weights, and hence at once concluded that it has no weight; he also advanced the idea that nature abhors a vacuum, a principle considered as indisputable by the scientific world for centuries afterward.

When the great modern philosopher, Galileo, was called upon to explain the reason why water would not rise in a pump to a greater elevation than thirty-four feet being unable to do so satisfactorily, he could only declare that nature ceased to abhor a vacuum above that height.

It was not long after this, however, that many began to suspect that it must be the pressure of the air upon the surface of water that forces it up the pump, and that, when a certain height has been reached, the pressure is not great enough to force it higher.

This fact was not fully proved until some time after Galileo, when his pupil, Terricelli, making use of a tube about forty inches in length, filled it with mercury, a liquid thirteen and a half times heavier than water, closed it at one end, and then turned it upside down so as to bring the open mouth of the tube under the surface of a basin of mercury.

The liquid fell to a height of about thirty inches, thus leaving a space above of about ten inches a complete vacuum.

If the atmosphere has any weight, it must exert its pressure on the surface ot liquids that are exposed to it, and as the particles of all fluids move freely among themselves, a force applied at any point must be communicated to all parts.

Now, in the above experiment, the air presses equally on all parts of the surface of the mercury in the basin, and in order to preserve the balance the mercury in the tube must exert the same downward force, for if it exerted less, the weight of the air would raise it higher;

or if more, the air could not keep it up, hence it would fall.

From this we see that the weight of a column of air reaching to the limits of the atmosphere, exactly balances that of a column of mercury thirty inches high and this pressure is found, by actual weighing, to be equal to about fifteen pounds to the square inch.

Pascal, a Frenchman, carried these experiments still further.

He took his apparatus, similar to the above, to the tops of high steeples and mountains, and found that the column of mercury became shorter the higher he went, thus proving that the pressure of the air grows less as we ascend.

This, of course, is quite natural, as the higher we go the more air we leave below us, and consequently the less we have above.

It may seem strange that the hand can be stretched out, and, though there is a pressure of fifteen pounds on each square inch, it is not borne down.

This is owing to the fact that there is air under the hand exerting a corresponding pressure upward, thus counterbalancing each other.

But if we could only obtain some means of removing the air from under the hand,

THE PRESSURE OF THE ATMOSPHERE.

the weight of that above would soon be made evident.

This may be done by placing the hand over a glass open at both ends, and then by means of an air pump exhausting the air, when the hand seems to be sucked down into the glass it is not because anything draws it down, but it is in consequence of the weight of the air above pressing it down.

Another illustration of the great weight of the atmosphere is exhibited by means of the Magdeburg hemispheres, which are made hollow, and which fit so closely that they are air-tight.

When they are put together they can be very easily separated, as the air within is the same as that without, hence the pressure inside and outside are equal to each other; but if the air be removed from within, by means of an air pump, then there is nothing to counterbalance the outside pressure, hence it is found very difficult to separate them; nor does it make any difference in what way they are held, the difficulty is the same, thus showing that the pressure is the same in all directions, and this of course is the natural consequence of the- nature of the atmosphere, its particles, as in the case of a liquid, being able to move with perfect freedom among themselves.

The experiment above mentioned was first performed by Otto Guericke, burgomaster of Magdeburg, hence the name, and excited considerable astonishment in the scientific world at that time, when so little was known of the substantial nature of the air.

The hemispheres that he constructed were three feet in diameter.

Although twenty horses of the Emperor of Germany were hitched to them, it was found impossible to pull them apart when there was no air in the interior.

Many simple experiments can.be performed to illustrate more clearly the facts above stated for instance, drawing water through a straw.

If we were called on to explain this, we would immediately do so by saying that the water is sucked up, and we would suppose that the explanation is perfectly clear.

But if we reflect a few moments, and attempt to ascertain why the water is sucked up, the difficulty becomes apparent.

But knowing, from what has been stated above, something of the properties of the air, we see at once that air being withdrawn from within the straw removes the pressure from the surface of the water inside, thus leaving the weight of the air on the surface outside unbalanced; hence it forces the water up the straw.

The same principle is illustrated in the smoking of a cigar, also in that plaything with which everybody is acquainted, the "sucker,"made from a piece of rather stiff leather well soaked, which, pressed against a rock, or any other smooth body, and by means of a string attached to the centre, may be made to raise a considerable weight.

Natural History affords some illustrations:

thus, the fly is seen to walk with perfect ease up a smooth pane of glass, or on the ceiling.

On examining its foot with a magnifying power, it is found to consist of an arrangement very much like that of the "sucker "above mentioned.

Another and more perfect illustration is that of the Cuttle-fish, whose arms are supplied with cups, or rather disks, so constructed that when these are applied to any surface, the central parts can be drawn inward, producing a vacuum, hence the full weight of the water presses the disk against the surface, and so strongly is it held that the arm itself, to which these cups are attached, may be torn off before they will let go their hold.

The Octopus, another animal similar to the above, has eight arms, which, in the largest specimens, are from four to six feet in length, and on each arm there are no less than two hundred and forty suckers, making altogether nineteen hundred and twenty.

Bathers in Southern seas have frequently run great risks of being taken down by these hideous monsters.

Air is exceedingly light, one cubic foot weighing only an ounce and a quarter, while the same amount of water weighs one thousand ounces; thus we see one is eight hundred times heavier than the

THE PRESSURE OF THE ATMOSPHERE.

other.

But, as we ascend higher, the air becomes even lighter still, as the particles are driven farther from each other, owing to a property possessed by all gases, namely, elasticity.

This may be proven by means of a tube closed at one end, and with a tightly fitting rod, or piston, moving freely up and down, but so as not to allow any of the air to escape from within. We may now press down upon this rod, and the air within seems to yield under the weight like india rubber; but unlike this it will, after the pressure is removed, resume its original bulk, and retain the same elasticity, no matter how often the experiment may be performed.

This property is illustrated also in the pop gun.

It seems strange that the human body is capable of sustaining the weight of the air, that is, fifteen pounds on every square inch.

The body of an adult is estimated to have an area of about fifteen square feet, hence the whole pressure would be about thirty-two thousand four hundred pounds, or over fifteen tons.

This weight is not exerted in one direction, downward, like that of one stone upon another, but in all directions, both on the outside and inside as well.

The parts of the body are also so constructed as to resist just so much pressure, and by going down into deep mines, or up to high altitudes, we soon notice the difference in pressure.

Persons in ascending high mountains find great difficulty in breathing, and soon become faint.

The mountaineers of the Andes can hardly go more than ten paces at an elevation of sixteen thousand feet without resting.

When one ascends in a balloon, there being little or no bodily exertion connected with it, a much higher elevation can be reached without danger.

The height of twenty-three thousand feet has been very frequently reached by balloonists,but not without considerable danger.

At a distance of about eight miles from the earth's surface the air is supposed to be too rare to sustain animal life.

The highest point reached by man is supposed to be about seven miles.

This was accomplished in 1862 by Messrs Glaisher and Coxwell.

The former was able to make observations to a height of nineteen thousand feet, and at twenty-nine thousand feet his eyesight failed, and soon after his hearing and other mental faculties.

At these high elevations the nose begins to bleed, and sometimes the blood begins to start even from the finger ends, the accustomed pressure having been removed.

The cold at these altitudes is very severe, and the lungs are sometimes unable to accommodate themselves to the sudden change, and suffocation follows.

This will account for the fatal results of the ascent of the "Zenith"in 1875.

Sivel, Tissandier and Croce Spinelli, for the purpose of making some scientific observations, started, rising rapidly, at the rate of nine feet per second, at first, but afterward somewhat slower.

In an hour and a half they had reached the height of about twenty-three thousand feet.

Here more ballast was thrown overboard, and they commenced to ascend still more rapidly when Tissandier fainted.

After his recovery more ballast was thrown overboard, and at the same time Spinelli, unconsciously no doubt, threw overboard a portion of the apparatus weighing about eighty pounds.

This was of course the cause of another rapid ascent.

Tissandier fell asleep for an hour;

when he awoke he found the balloon rapidly descending, and his two companions lying dead, bleeding at the nose and mouth.

Suffocation was probably the cause of these fatal results.

The balloon f according to the register, had reached the height of nearly twenty-eight thousand feet.

The height to which the atmosphere extends is variously estimated by different philosophers and mathematicians, some placing it at fifty miles, others at two hundred, while still others declare there is no absolute limit,butthat it extends indefinitely into space.

The weight of authority seems, however, to be against the last opinion.

8o CHARACTER SKETCHES.

CHARACTER SKETCHES.

ALONZO DE GALBA.

Al the time of Ferdinand and Isabella, those monarchs of Spain during whose reign Christopher Columbus discovered

America, and the Moors and Jews were expelled from that country, there was instituted by royal decree, under the auspices and special management of the

Dominican monks, a tribunal for the purpose of trying all persons that were suspected to be either disloyal to the king or infidels to the doctrines of the Catholic church.

The first president of the Inquisition, or of the Holy Hermandad, as that tribunal was called, was the notorious cardinal Torquemada, a zealotical priest, in whose eyes everyone was doomed to everlasting damnation who only, in the least, doubted the divinity of the Catholic doctrines, or of the authority of the pope.

In consequence of these views, he sought out his victims by secret spies, before whom the closest ties of family and affection guaranteed no safety, had them arrested in the silence of the night, confined in subterranean dungeons, and subjected to indescribable tortures, in order to extort from them the confession of their guilt, a confession which was given in many cases of absolute innocence, only to be safe from a continuance of those horrible tortures, to which the victims were subjected.

Neither age nor sex, neither position in life, nor distinguished services to mankind or the country were taken into consideration, when this dreadful monster, the Holy Hermandad, had fastened its fangs upon some unfortunate; even up and into the surroundings of the king I it had several times been hunting successfully for its game, and carried off tigerlike its prey to its lair.

It had its branch institutions in the most important cities of Spain and Portugal, where the same proceedings were carried on as in Madrid, the capital city, only on a smaller scale.

When in any of these places the prisons became so crowded, that nobody else could be "accommodated"any more, then a certain day was arranged with the authorities of the city for an Auto-da-Fe, on which the poor victims were to receive their public punishment;

some to be burned alive, some to be strangled before the burning, and others to do public penance, to receive once more a paternal admonition from "His

Mercy, the Grand Inquisitor,"(this was his title), to sin no more and then be set at liberty, but with the consciousness, that henceforth every word, every step, and every expression of the countenance would be watched, for the purpose of having them taken back at the least supposed sign of a relapse, when nothing would be left for them but the stake.

When such a glorious day of an Autoda-Fe arrived for a town, it was a general holiday for the country round about, the country people flocked into the city from all sides, the church bells kept ringing, and the whole city put on a festive appearance, everybody smiled, was happy, and praised God, the Holy Virgin, and all the Saints that some more heretics were getting their just reward for the glory of God, for woe to him who manifested the least sign of grief or indignation, even at the fate of some beloved one among the unfortunates, it would have sealed his own fate in a similar manner.

Some people did not even know what had become of their friends for some time, until they saw them issuing forth from the gates of the palace of the Inquisition, in the dread procession of the condemned, accompanied at their right and left by Dominican monks, who were endeavoring to prepare them for their awful fate by words of exhortation.

At one of those Auto-da-Fes, a whole family of the ancient and noble name of Galba were seen among the condemned.

This family consisted of Senor Galba, his aged mother, his wife, his oldest

THE FIRST FLAG OF FREEDOM.

daughter, and his little son of about twelve years, all condemned to die in the flames.

When the mournful procession was filing before the Grand Inquisitor's high chair, the family halted, admonished to do so by their accompanying priests, for the purpose of once more imploring for pardon, and to give assurance of faithfulness to the church in future.

When Senor Galba saw his aged mother, his beloved wife and his dear children destined for such a terrible fate, his strength forsook him, he bent his knees before the Cardinal and begged for mercy, promising to do anything that would be required of him.

Torquemada looked down frowningly upon him, and finally turned his face away with contempt, motioning the procession to move on.

At that moment, the little boy, Alonzo, stepped from out his still kneeling family, and placing himself with glaring eyes before that fearful man, exclaimed:

"Grand Inquisitor Torquemada! My father has bent his knees before thee, his eyes have filled with tears, and his hands are shaking, not for himself, but for us whom he loves.

I do not weep, nor beg of you; and whatever you may boast of, you shall not say that you have made me fear or respect you.

I at this moment am a better Catholic than you are, and die in the faith of my fathers!

Move on!

For the first time, perhaps, in his bloody career Torquemada was moved, and rising from his chair, he ordered the family to be released, but on the condition to leave the country—a condition which was, under the circumstances, far more a blessing than a punishment.

Youth of Israel!

This boy had not the knowledge of the Revealed Word, was not assisted by the power of the Holy Priesthood, and with only that faint glimmer of truth lighting up his soul, which even the darkness of Catholicism had never been able fully to obstruct throughout the dreary times of the Middle ages, this boy rose in the grand moment of emergency to the grandeur of inspiration, manifesting by this the nobility of his own soul, and the unerring instincts of a true child of God.

What of you, that by covenant, birth and inheritance should belong to that great select race, chosen by Heaven for the reformation and redemption of mankind, when you fling away in carelessness, ignorance or indifference that for which that boy in Spain would have gloried in dying, if he had known it!

Arouse, that ye may not be judged on the great day by those who, under less favorable advantages, have acted more nobly than you might have done K. G. M.

Be it even pitch, welcome if gratis.

THE FIRST FLAG OF FREEDOM.

If we wish to learn when first the fires of liberty burned in the hearts of Americans, we must not dally among the heroes of modern history, or think of such names as Washington, Lee, Marion and their compatriots;

nor need we tarry, as we hurry back through the centuries gone by, at the age when the Incas and the Montezumas reigned supreme in their respective empires.

But we must continue our flight through time past until we come to the era when Nephite and

Lamanite filled this wide western land with their numerous progeny, and too often rent the air with fierce battle cries, as their contending hosts met in deadly strife.

In such a day we find the holy love of freedom burning as brightly, and nerving men to as marvelous deeds of valor as ever graced and glorified the annals of our national war of independence.

In a day such as this the first flag of freedom was flung to the breeze on American soil;

strange was its his-

THE FIRST FLAG OF FREEDOM.

tory, unique its composition, and glorious its mission.

It was a perilous day* for the Nephite nations when the subtle Amalickiah bent all his brilliant energies to the fulfilment of his ambitious dreams.

True, he had been a member of Christ's holy Church, but now the love of God had given place to the hatred of his servants; he was the citizen of a republic, but what of that?

He aspired to overthrow its liberties, and reign as king over his fellow-citizens.

Ah! he had cherished thoughts of still greater power, even to be monarch of the entire continent; both Nephite and

Lamanite should bow to his undisputed sway.

Such were his nightly dreams, and the continual thoughts of his waking hours, and to this end he bent all the energies of his mind, all the craft of his soul, all the cunning of his tongue, all the weight of influence, kindred, friendship, and personal advantage, and with promises rich as the gold of Ophir and numerous as the snowflakes in a winter's hurricane, he beguiled his weaker fellows;

men who, like him, loved power, hated the truth, delighted in iniquity, but who had not the lofty ambition, the unhallowed valor, and the deep designing cunning, that distinguished their leader.

To his call the dissatisfied, the corrupt, the apostate, rallied.

Opposed to him stood the dauntless leader of the armies of the Nephites Moroni.

Inspired by an unquenchable love for truth and liberty, he sensed with every heart's pulsation that no man could fight for a holier, more glorious cause than virtue and mankind.

Thus inspired, he tore a portion of his robe from its surrounding parts, and inscribing thereon his battle cry, he lifted it high upon a pole.

Then girding on his armor in its completeness, incasing his head with its fit covering, shielding his body with its breastplates, girding the proper pieces round his thighs and loins, he kneeled in humble, heartfelt prayer be- * In the year B. C. 73.

fore Jehovah, presented his "Title Liberty"before Him and asked His blessing, His protection, His guidance and His victorious aid in the coming struggle.

He gathered the hosts of the Nephites; from place to place he sped, waving in the air the ensign on which all could read the burning words he had inscribed:

"In Memory of our God, our Religion and Freedom, and our Peace, our Wives and our Children."Nor did he cry in vain the patriot Nephites, the members of the Church of Christ, (who even then were called Christians,) hastened with ready feet to the response.

The streets of Zarahemla were alive with the gathering hosts, and each warrior, to show his devotion to the liberties with which God had endowed this branch of Israel's house, and his fealty to the Great Giver, rent his robe, as the young general had done, and thereby made covenant with God and his brethren, to be faithful and true, in life and in death, in the council chamber and on the battle field, while an enemy remained to menace their liberties, national or religious.

Nor was Zarahemla alone in the manifestation of her patriotic love.

Moroni's stirring appeal was spread far and wide throughout the lands of the Nephites.

Swift footed, banner bearing messengers hastened down the Sidon's banks to the dwellers in the north, arousing the patriots of each peaceful city to the peril of the hour.

Onward they hurried until Desolation re-echoed back to Bountiful the battle cry of liberty.

Others gave no rest to the soles of their feet until Melek,

Jershon, and the sister cities that lined the Caribbean Sea had flung from their tower tops the sacred banner.

Through the narrow defiles and rocky canyons that lay between the Andes'lofty peaks, other couriers pushed their unwearied way into the western wilderness and hence to the Pacific's strand, until every city held by Nephites had gathered her sons to the defense of their rights and their liberties, their altars and their fire-

ARISTOCRACY.

sides.

Nor were Manti, Gideon, and the other cities of the south forgotten;

the faithful and the brave, who lined the borders of the great southern wilderness, heard the rallying cry.

From every city, every home, the converging hosts gathered, with sword and spear, with bow and arrow, with slings and stones; from the top of every tower and citadel throughout the Nephites'land, the sacred standard fluttered in the breeze.

Men of strong arms and stout hearts were they, of faith unfaltering, and courage undiminished.

No wonder, then, that when Amalickiah's emissaries brought the evil-boding news of this great awakening to his unwilling ears, that he faltered in his purpose, that his followers lost heart, that retreat was deemed the fittest show of wisdom, and discretion the better part of valor.

No wonder that when, by Moroni's vigilance, that retreat was cut off, that the rebels succumbed and surrendered, that Amalickiah fled for safety to the Lamanites, and that this first flag of freedom continued to float uninterruptedly from the Atlantic to the Pacific Coast, as far as Nephi's children ruled, or Nephite homes were found, and that Moroni and his people rejoiced with intensified delight in their liberties, now more than ever dear to them through the efforts they had put forth for their preservation.

R.

"The stone is hard and the drop is small,

But a hole is made by the constant fall."It is better to lose an eye that one's reputation.

Washington to Franklin.—"If to be venerated for benevolence, if to be admired for talents, if to be esteemed for patriotism, if to be beloved for philanthropy can gratify the human mind, you must have the pleasing conviction that you have not lived in vain.

And I flatter myself that it will not be ranked among the least grateful occurrences of your life, to be assured, that so long as I retain my memory, you will be recollected with respect, veneration, and affection by your sincere friend."ARISTOCRACY.

AN EPIGRAM.

The world is his who sees its vain pretense,

And tries it with the touchstone—common sense;

And tho', with some, 'tis Title rules the earth, In Reason's balance, Brains far outweighs Birth.

Avails it, then, if Gossip's tongue beguiles The fashion throng where wanton

Folly smiles;

Or Vanity, the pampered child of Praise,

To win new lies from Flattery, essays;

While Genius, climbing to its destined place,

Encounters sneering Envy in the race

Where polish'd Dunce, with studied speech inflate,

Affects to scorn, but cannot emulate?

The mind of sterling Merit can despise

This meretricious tinsel of disguise

For, tho'decrees of Caste its way retard,

A conscious virtue "is its own reward."

What recks, if Pride on fancied honors dwell;

Or sordid Gain of Mammon's glories tell

Or fashion's queen, with stolen sceptre, play

The tyrant o'er dominions of a day?

Is not a crown of Virtue dearer prize

Than Gold which teaches Merit to despise?

A station "mong the kings and queens of Thought

A nobler rank than is of Name begot?

He'll find, who studies for his own behoof.

That 'tis the pillar which sustains the roof,

Whereon the fluttering ensigns, waving high,

In haughty grandeur court the distant sky.

And who would Ocean's hoarded treasure know;

Or gather of its gems, must search below

While further observation shows the wise

That air-distended bubbles always rise.

O. F.

Whitney

S4 EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, January, 1880.

EDUCATED LABOR.

On the evening of December 16, a class was organized in this city, under the auspices of the Deseret University, for instruction in mechanical engineering.

We understand the course of study will embrace mechanical drawing and calculation.

That is, it is designed to qualify each student to draft plans and prepare estimates of any piece of machinery he may be required to build, from a brass candlestick to a steam engine. We hail the establishment of such a class with great satisfaction, looking upon it, if successful, as the foundation of an essential school, in the education of any prosperous, growing community.

The ten thousand unsuccessful experiments, bringing disgrace and ruin upon the ignorant mechanic, will disappear in proportion to the encouragement of education of this kind, among the youthful artizans, who are to take the places of those taught in the hard school of experience.

Not only among the metal workers should the theory of labor receive attention, but in every other industry the education of the laborer is necessary and should be sought.

In architecture the deplorable ignorance of many, in our own Territory as well as elsewhere, who undertake to build and finish houses, has resulted in the erection of unsafe, top-heavy or foundationless structures, that appal the gaze and slaughter taste.

It has also led to housing people in pest breeding domiciles, in which the grim monster Death, ever finds a waiting victim, and from which he stalks forth to destroy his thousands.

They have no ideas of ventilation or drainage.

Convenience and beauty seemingly are never thought of.

While the excuse of poverty is put forth for the uninhabitable homes of many, the more genuine one is that no competent builder has been engaged in their erection.

There are, indeed, residences of the rich, upon which thousands of dollars have been expended in their construction and ornamentation, and to-day they are fittingly designated "monuments of folly,"possessing neither comfort nor elegance, the result of badly designed plans, poorly executed by ignorant workmen.

Mechanical education should however reach farther than to the architect or master builder;

it should extend to the plasterer and painter and to every man employed upon a building.

How many men there are, excellent workmen too, who plaster a house, but are unable to measure their work!

So with the laborer who digs a trench and builds a fence or wall.

This should be all reversed, and labor should be made honorable in the estimation of all, by the intelligence of the laborer.

We trust the class now organized will be successful and that others, of a like character will speedily follow until a polytechnic institute shall be established in our growing city, that will foster and encourage the education of mechanics, builders, manufacturers and artists, and shall also shed a beam of light upon the agriculturist and laborer of every kind, in whatever department of the universe he may seek for the employment of mind and body;

that all his actions may be profitable, and the work he does may be a credit to himself, of good to the world, and a stepping stone to that perfection of workmanship, which characterizes all the creations of God, the glory of whom is His intelligence.

EDITORIAL.

FEAR OF THE WASTE BASKET.

We take pleasure in publishing an article, from a new contributor, who forwards his first effort with the following modest apology:

"Brother Wells,—I begin my struggle with your waste basket by sending you the enclosed for publication."We desire to remind the young men and women of the Territory that the columns of the Contributor are at the service of these "first efforts,"which contain merit, and that the waste basket is not so ravenous as some of them seem to think.

While we receive a great deal of matter that is not published, the writers should not feel discouraged.

There are many reasons why contributions sent to us fail to appear:

the same subject is treated upon in different articles, while but one of them can reasonably be published.

Again, items of local interest are thrown together, and sent us, but they would be unreadable to the majority of our subscribers.

We wish however to encourage all, having literary tastes and ability, and respectfully urge the Associations to establish manuscript papers, in which practice will be given young writers, and as they improve,—their writings becoming of more general interest,—let them direct their attention to the Contributor, filling its pages with entertaining, lively, and instructive articles, the excellence of which will be a credit to themselves and to the Magazine.

COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.

We wish all subscribers and writers, friends of the Contributor, and officers and members of the Mutual Improvement Associations, "A Merry Christmas and Happy New Year,"and trust the resolutions entered into at this, the resolving season of the year, may be faithfully carried out, resulting in the mutual improvement of all, the advancement of our Organization, the cultivation of literature and good writing of our contributors and the increase of subscribers.

That we may all feel, at the end of the new year, that we have realized our sanguine and reasonable expectations, with thankfulness to the Giver of all good, for prosperity and success.

THE STANDING MONUMENT.

A few weeks ago the officers of the Y. M. M.

I. A. of Salt Lake County inaugurated a most commendable undertaking, namely, the erection of a suitable monument over the last resting place of the martyr Joseph Standing.

The members of Associations throughout the Stake, and all others who desire, have been invited, by these brethren, to contribute any sum not exceeding twentyfive cents, toward the execution of the project.

A very heartfelt response has thus far been given, and the probabilities are that a testimonial monument, expressing the regard of the young people of Utah for their murdered companion, who dared to proclaim the Truth to a wicked and infidel generation, though he lost his life for the testimony—will be raised above his grave.

Those who wish to subscribe to the fund being raised should forward the amounts to John W. Taylor at the Deseret News Office.

Let all respond and erect a memorial, though of perishable stone, to the heroism of one, whose fame is immortal and will never die, and whose name will be known among the honored ones who have died for the Gospel's sake, "while time shall last or immortality endure."The marriage of Elder Orson F.

Whitney, Secretary of the Central Committee of the

Y. M. M.

I. A.

to Miss Zina Smoot of Provo, was solemnized Dec.

18, 1879, President Daniel H.

Wells, performing the ceremony.

Our congratulations go with them upon the voyage of life, which we trust will be an exceedingly pleasant one.

CHRISTMAS AND THE HOLIDAYS.

CHRISTMAS AND THE HOLIDAYS.

These are the Christmas Holidays, some who have drained a bitter portion of the dregs of the cup of life designate them "The Hollow days,"but those who enjoy life as it really is, and accept its changing conditions with cheerfulness, old and middle-aged, as well as the young, look forward to these few days as a sort of respite from the wear and tear and constant strain of labor, and anticipate happy meetings with family and friends.

In these general holidays all are expected to participate in some of the pleasures, or gaieties of their respective localities.

The amusements may be very simple, or elaborate in detail, but whether in the lonely cottage of the poor, or the palatial residence of the opulent,

Christmas has its characteristic privileges and merriment.

Young people look forward to this festive period as one in which they will realize many a bright dream of blissfulness.

The fairies say, and we believe, many a love-token is sent as a Christmas gift, freighted over with tender caresses, secretly consecrated to some definite purpose.

Liberty is given to present and receive offerings of friendship and affection at this season it is the long-established custom, consequently there is no question as to its propriety, except in the delicate choice of suitable gifts and the appropriate manner of presentation.

Many happy hours, sometimes days or weeks are passed in preparing elegant and tasteful offerings for those especially beloved.

What exquisite pleasure "the labor of love "affords.

Busily the fingers ply the precious task and thought and fancy are busy too with conjecture and anticipation.

We can all who have arrived at years of maturity look back and enumerate the multiplied joys of these annual reunions.

Young lovers revel in a delightful series of walks, rides, dances and interchanges of love-tokens, during the holidays.

Happy youth and maiden in the prime innocence of love blessed meridian of bright sunshine, early noonday of gladness, in which scarce a cloud dims the radiance of the glowing vision opening up the Elysian fields of the future.

Ah!

happy youth or maiden bask in the fulness of the fresh atmosphere of gloriousness that lifts thee into the region where sparkling waters of joy refresh the soul, and a halo of light more beautiful than the painter's brush can portray crowns the charming picture;

enjoy the precious hours and become invigorated for the race of life;

and let it not be the pursuit of pleasure in which you enlist your best efforts, for whoever seeks this wary, dazzling goddess she is sure to elude she is a fickle, inconstant creature and leads her votaries many a weary idle chase.

Prepare thyself while in youth for the realities of life, by drinking from the pure fountain of the river which has its source at the roots of the tree of knowledge;

and tread cautiously over the stepping stones that lie in the pathway that leads to the hills of wisdom.

Remember bright dreamer, castle-builder, fancy-painter that there are shadows playing round thee ere the meridian sun has reached its height, and prepare thyself for the shade they may fling upon the enamored picture thy fancy hath drawn.

But dost thou not know, it is the shading, the darker touches, that mellow and soften the most beautiful pictures designed by the most perfect artist?

In like manner the trials, yea, even the sorrows that we sometimes rebel against, add a grace, a sweetness, and a heavenly calm to the character, making it more pliable and gentle in its nature, more generous in its estimate of others, more reliable in judgment, and adorning the possessor with those precious pearls of wisdom, that are only attained after much rich experience in the deep labyrinths that environ

THINK FOR YOURSELF.

us all, and hedge up our way, more or less in the varied pusuits of life.

How tenderly every human heart whose affections and sympathies have been cultivated is impressed by the significance of Christmas, its many messages of good will and peace to all, and its pleasant remmisences.

All these appeal forcibly to the affectional and social emotions.

Christmas speaks to us of the home, where peace and love unite to crown with blessings the happy household;

where the almost sacred interchanges of tokens of affection, form connecting links in the strong chain, which binds together those who have grown up under the same "rooftree,"or have plighted their faith and fidelity in that solemn compact which is so beautifully illustrated in the quaint and sublime story of Ruth and Naomi "Whither thou goest I will go, and where thou lodgest I will lodge;

thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God."Hail the merry Christmas!

blessings on those who established this beautiful method of celebrating the advent of One who is all love, and in whom the "quality of mercy is not strained."How inspiring the thought that in Him we have the example of the most complete, yea, perfect charity.

Christmas New Year!

their enjoyments weave into the homely web of life a thread of gold, that shines here and there, all down the vista of the years that wrap, one after another, their mantle of drapery in graceful, or in tumbled folds around us, as we pursue our earthly pilgrimage.

Passing from the Old to the New Year is more particularly the time for retrospection and resolves, and especially perhaps it is so with the young.

It is well to halt now and then and consider the best course for future action, and it is exceedingly pleasant to make these pauses in a happy mood, at some hopeful point in the long and sometimes difficult journey all must travel, who are ardently aiming to secure to themselves a guerdon of success;

or who have set out to reach the goal, which will insure them an entrance to the highest realms of intelligence.

In the new year whose auspicious dawning is just ready to burst upon us, let us hope that the youth of this people may make rapid strides in the right direction;

may gather a greater fund of useful information for the many exigencies of the battle of life, which is sure to place them in positions requiring careful and earnest attention, combined with prompt and decisive action.

Then hail gratefully the New Year!

and let your best efforts tell in the cause of advancement for all humanity.

A?tiethyst.

THINK FOR YOURSELF.

This is the age of shams and hypocrisy, of deliberate deception and dire delusion.

In these stirring, yet degenerate days, it is to the last degree important that every man and woman—yes and child—become a thinker.

Fraud of every possible complexion has become so almost universal that it is a mere matter of self-protection to trust nothing without a test.

Food, clothing and medicine, now-a- days, are adulterated and counterfeited almost beyond belief, and statements, professions and protestations are so much more spurious as to be beyond comparison.

This lesson of distrust and suspicion is the bitterest lesson in life for young people to learn, but it must be learned sooner or later; and if you will accept it from the lips of a friend, it will save you from learning it by experience at the hands of the enemy.

We all begin life surrounded by the love and care of our parents; who are true friends to us, whatever they may be to

8S THINK FOR YOURSELF.

others.

We are accustomed to their unselfish devotion to us, their true love, their watchful care and their sincere desire for our well-being.

Hence we are slow to believe, when we come in contact with those outside of the charmed circle of home, that others profess regard for us solely because they expect to gain something by it; they teach us that falsehood is truth and that evil is good, to accomplish purposes of their own, regardless of the trouble they may thus bring upon us.

And unfortunately this is more the rule than the exception in this sinful world.

Even the profession of religion does not alter the case in any marked degree; indeed a show of religion is about the most successful of all cloaks for villainy, for the plain reason that we are far less on our guard against one who seems very pious, and thus he the more easily takes us unawares than in any other guise.

This is not saying anything against genuine religion, a true and humble following in the footsteps of our Savior, and a sincere regard for ''every word which proceedeth forth from the mouth of God."It is only a warning against falling into a state of listless confidence, of dreamy belief that "all is well,"instead of being alert and watchful for our own good.

God, in His infinite mercy, has implanted within every human soul a spark of His own divine Spirit, which we call conscience, and an atom of His allsearching wisdom, which we denominate judgment or understanding; and these we must with all diligence cultivate and educate.

The first will then justly decide for us in all cases between right and wrong, and the second will weigh exactly for us the actions and motives of others as they concern ourselves.

It is a duty we owe to ourselves to take on trust nothing whatever, but to put all things to test before we accept them.

Our first parents, after their banishment from the Garden of Eden, being then subject to evil as well as good, were instructed not to accept a message even though brought by what seemed an angel of light, unless that messenger should give a certain required signal.

This is what St.

Paul meant when he said; "Though any man, though an angel from heaven shall teach any gospel than that which he had taught, let him be accursed."Thus spiritual teachers are required to show their credentials even as, in military life, he who approaches a sentinel on duty is required to give the countersign.

Trust not without scrutiny the statements, where they concern you, of those whom you know to be honest and wellmeaning;

for you know not by what cunning devices they may have been deceived, and even being "the friend of God "did not save David, the "man after God's own heart"from becoming so blinded as to connive at the murder of an innocent man;

so "put not your trust in the arm of flesh,"but in God alone.

Listen to the voice of a good and true conscience and follow its dictates even through sorrow and shame, the loss of property and the forfeit of worldly approbation.

"Blessed are ye,"said our Savior, "when men shall revile you and persecute you for righteousness'sake;"but let us be sure that it is for righteousness'sake before we dare say to ourselves; blessed are we when we feel persecuted.

Ignorance is no excuse for us when the means of knowledge are within our reach.

One of our most important duties is to learn to distinguish between right and wrong, and if through indolence and heedlessness we fail to learn this lesson, our ignorance, so far from being an excuse will be additional sin.

Even unavoidable ignorance only partly excuses mistakes, as who does not know that poison swallowed will take life even though not known to be poison.

Death ensues just the same and the one advantage in this case consists in the classification of the deceased by survivors with the "Accidentally killed,''instead of in the fearful list of "Suicides."Dear young brothers and sisters, it is

BITS OF TRAVEL.

8 9 time to biing my sermon to a close; but let me add that my remarks are not intended to encourage that foolish cynicism which sneers at everybody and everything, solely it would seem, for the sake of being disagreeable, and that too, in most cases, about things which are none of our business; but to urge you most solemnly to exercise your God-given judgment and to examine by the light of reason, and truth is reason, everything which concerns each one's self, that most precious of all God's handiwork "for what profiteth it a man though he gain the whole world and lose his own soul."

Luelle.

The kettle calls the sauce pan smutty.

Avoiding the rain, we meet the tempest.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

IV.

THE VIENNA EXPOSITION.

Of the seven and a quarter millions of visitors, we were among the last fifty thousand that entered the rotunda of the great World's Fair.

We arrived four days before the close, and spent the most of our time viewing the congregation of wonders, that had attracted so many thousands of people before us.

During this short time, altogether insufficient for the purpose, we attempted to see the exhibits of all nations, from the most distant countries of the Orient, in geographical order, to the far West.

It was like making a tour of the world;

starting among the bamboo looms of the manufacturing cities of Japan, and journeying in all lands and climes, until we passed our mountain home in the wilds of the Rockies, and dipped our weary feet in the surf of the great Pacific.

Commencing with China and Japan, all the nations situated east of Austria, were represented in the main hall and the wings east of the rotunda;

Western Europe and the Continent of America occupied all that portion of the immense building to the west of the rotunda.

This arrangement brought Austria and Germany to the centre.

Each country was represented not only by its manufactures, and articles on exhibition, but by its citizens arrayed in their national costumes;

a feature most picturesque and interesting.

I recollect noticing a group, near the grand music stand, in which were people of twelve countries, dressed in the holiday attire of their respective nations, speaking in twelve different languages, and enjoying the scene around them, each in his own way, but no two alike.

In the midst of the richest silks, laces and carpets;

surrounded by cases of diamonds, pearls, gold and other precious jewels; with the costliest furs and fabrics of all nations before us, we found the most interesting study of mankind, is man.

It afforded us real pleasure to observe the countenances of Austrian peasants, as with wonder distended pupils, their eyes were fixed upon fac simile gold nuggets of enormous size, from the Australia and California mines;

or of an elaborately robed Persian, as he looked in disdain upon the shawls of France, so much interior to those of Teheran.

On every hand something striking in the appearance or demeanor of foreigners attracted our attention.

Occasionally a small commotion among the visitors would be caused by the appearance of a distinguished nobleman and his suite, as they passed through the open corridors, or halted before the show cases of a particular exhibit.

It is impossible to describe the Exhibition in all its parts, and it is not my purpose to attempt it.

In addition to the

9° HOME.

main building, the beautiful park, in which it was the chief attraction, contained other large and handsomely constructed houses.

The machinery halls were very commodious and contained the manufacturing and agricultural implements of many nations, which were exhibited in motion.

All kinds of manufactures from French confectionary, and

Japanese silks to the armor plates of English war ships, were to be seen in process.

The Art galleries were crowded with the most beautiful paintings of ancient and modern artists, and with sculptures of Italy and Greece.

Among the Italian marbles the child figure, entitled: "The Forced Prayer,"was universally admired.

It represents a child, four or five years old, in his night dress, with little hands clasped together, and a woeful expression on his face his lip drawn up, and large tear drops coursing down his cheeks.

"I don't want to pray"could not be more emphatically uttered than in the features and expression, the fortunate artist has here depicted in marble.

The same statue was on exhibition, and was just as great a favorite, at the Centennial in Philadelphia.

Other buildings, representing the various styles of architecture, and used as annexes for the exhibition of specialties, or as bureaus by the officers, or as restaurants, of which there were many filled the park.

The grounds and fountains, choice trees and flowers and pleasant walks, were admirable.

The enlivening strains of sweet music were incessant, from the various bands that were engaged to relieve each other during the day.

One of these, the Strauss Band, was conducted by the celebrated composers, Edward and Johann Strauss, and elicited the highest praises from all lovers of good music.

De Vallibus.

HOME THE SITE AND FENCE.

Properly understood, there is no word in any language more comprehensive than our title.

In its broad sense of state or country the field is too large for our survey, and too full of difficulties to be overcome by one of meagre knowledge.

So also the contracted idea of the space between the walls of our dwellings, is far too limited for our purpose.

It may not come within reach of these articles to discuss the architecture or interior arrangement of our houses, but we assume to render our readers familiar with many items that will assist in making home the place we expect to find it.

If beautifying our surroundings were left to one class of people, everything would go to ruin; and if to another, sight of all objects but this one would be entirely lost.

The indolent must be stimulated and the radical advances checked by moderate instruction.

A desire to make the surroundings of our houses—the outward portion of home—beautiful and attractive, may come from fashion or other causes, but will never be entirely successful unless based on a foundation of love.

The successful men and women in all pursuits, are those whose hearts and souls are in their work.

So the successful amateur florist or landscape gardener, must really take paramount pleasure in the work at hand.

This is said not with a wish to discourage any from working, but to show some that they must not be surprised to find their neighbors securing better results than they do.

All who will can do much toward improving their grounds, whether a few rods or many acres.

While making no claim to be professional as florist or landscape gardener, or to be ahead of others who are working, we shall try to

HOME.

9i give, in a simple way, some of the general principles applicable to the subject.

The first thing to secure is a piece of ground.

If you can choose the best, take either a south-east, south, or an east slope.

When neither of these is eligible take what you can get, for almost any place will do with proper care.

The three situations first mentioned are preferable, because -they longer receive the sun's warmth—so essential to success.

With the situation, another consideration should be the nature of the soil.

The most desirable is a sandy loam, and next, stony land, where the stones can be removed.

So to have the best place, it should be a sandy loam, on a slope to the south-east or south.

But it will be with soil as the situation, many must take what they can get and may be fairly successful. The facilities for procuring water will be an important consideration in Utah, an abundance of which, with poor soil and situation, being preferable to good soil without water.

Having procured land and water, the next step will be to enclose the first.

In this the nature of the surroundings will govern to a great extent.

Where there are many cobbles or beds of rock, with sand and lime, these materials may be used for a wall;

where there is timber but no saw mill, a rail fence will be most practicable.

But where lumber is obtainable, the variety is almost endless, slabs or boards upright;

narrow boards as rails, or pickets, the latter affording more scope for real ornament.

It is almost useless to mention the particular styles, but we are pleased to note an increasing interest in small square pickets, with square posts and a plain base-board.

The pickets may be on a straight or curved line on top, but the less expense in the way of fancy tops for posts, etc., except gate-posts, the better.

All fancy work—but one or two strips of moulding—is superfluous and takes away considerable of the beauty.

Wide flat pickets, planed and painted, can be used to good effect; however, the owner must use his own taste.

Only a few points should be observed:

All fences or walls should be strong and substantial, without being too bulky;

and the different parts should be properly proportioned.

Some parts should not be extra heavy and others flimsy.

A light gate in a heavy fence or the reverse, will spoil the effect.

A little care in what may seem minor details will greatly add to the beauty.

Caps for gateposts should project, say half an inch to each foot, in height the squareness being relieved by small mouldings.

It is quite general on posts four or five feet high, to find caps projecting only half an inch or an inch, presenting much the appearance of a man whose hat is too small for him.

If there is an injurious wind prevailing from any direction, or an unsightly object to be hid, a high, close fence should be used;

and circumstances may make it necessary to have other high fences, but in most cases they should be avoided.

It seems strange that while we build nice houses and beautiful grounds—all to be admired by the public—we make our fences so high that few are able to look over them.

Open pickets even, when high, obstruct much of the view and spoil what is had.

For general purposes a fence need not be more than three and a half or four feet high.

Such a one will be sufficient protection, will make a pleasing border to mark the limit of your land, and will enable all to see whatever of beauty is visible.

John T. Caine, Jr.

Infidels reflect after the accident.

You cannot contract for the fish that is in the sea.

Grape juice, with patience and waiting, becomes wine;

and the mulberry leaf becomes satin.

Energy will do anything that can be done in the world;

and no talents, no circumstances, no opportunities will make a two-legged animal a man without it.

Goethe.

9 2 POWER OF EXAMPLE.

POWER OF EXAMPLE.

How easy it is to talk.

To quote Brother Millen Atwood's favorite phrase "Talking is the easiest part of our religion,"or in other words, to tell others how they should perform their duties.

Yet with all the advice that is given, how much'of it is practically applied?

There seems to be a natural desire in man at least to be considered good, and to have the reputation of exercising a good influence over others, and whether this is the cause for it or not, a disposition to teach or advise others very generally exists.

How naturally the question arises:

"Does he practice what he preaches?"and what a difference in the effects of his teaching does the answer have.

The Elders in going abroad to preach to the nations of the earth, told the people that God had restored the Gospel.

What effect would their teachings have had, if they had gone forth and said:

This is only an experiment with us, we think that if a people sufficiently large could be congregated and they would embrace such and such principles, certain results might follow.

But this was not the message they bore.

They said:

"We have obeyed the principles that we teach, and we know that they are of great value to mankind, because they have benefitted us, and for the sake of offering these principles to those who were unacquainted with them, we were willing to leave home and friends that all who desire it may enjoy the same blessings that we have enjoyed through our obedience.

And though in so doing, we may be regarded by the majority of the people as impostors and false teachers, that does not weaken our testimony in our own estimation, for we have obeyed the doctrines we teach, and know whereof we speak.

What a weight such testimonies, coupled with scriptural and reasonable requirements, would have with the honest in heart, and how much it would be appreciated by such, compared with the cant and hypocrisy and uncertainty of the doctrines taught in the world As members of Mutual Improvement Associations, we frequently hear it repeated that by seeking the Lord in humility, we can obtain the same testimonies, that our parents have taken so much pleasure in bearing, until we quite often hear the same instructions given by the young themselves to each other, in their meetings for mutual instruction; which is all right when such instructions are given in a proper way and under a proper influence.

But may we not ask the same question of the young as we would of those of maturer years: "Are you teaching from experience?

and if so, how do the principles that you teach affect your own life?

If a young man, urging his companions to seek the Lord, with a view to obtaining testimonies of the Truth, and a knowledge of the Father's will concerning him, can say:

"I took the course I recommended to you, and I enjoy the results that are promised."His words would have more effect than those of another person, young or old, who simply taught what they had heard some one else say, but had never realized themselves.

As an illustration:

There are certain blessings promised through observing a

Revelation called:

"The Word of Wisdom."A young man being desirous of obtaining the blessings promised through obedience to the counsel therein contained, follows the instruction given and finds that the promised results follow, and are of great benefit to him.

He feels a desire to impress the truth of the principle upon others.

What can be more forcible than such teaching?

Where the results of the course indicated are shown in the life and conduct of the teacher;

giving evidence that he does not talk for the sake of being heard, but because he

SELF GOVERNMENT.

wishes others to enjoy the same blessings that have attended his own obedience.

If such qualifications are necessary to those who teach the young people of God, is it not as essential that they should seek to qualify themselves, on the same principle, to teach the Gospel to the nations of the earth?

Because we have been benefitted through our obedience to principles that the world does not understand.

W. W.

Taylor.

SELF GOVERNMENT.

Of all things necessary for the improvement of the mind, Self Government is the most essential;

and nothing can be so deplorable as the loss of this power.

If one has his desires under restraint, and good control of his will, then is the principal barrier to his intellectual or moral improvement removed.

But so manifold are the allurements of the Tempter, and the vortex of pleasure promises so much enjoyment, that unless he possesses perfect control of his will, and exercises that power for good, Satan will not find it difficult to entice him from the more rugged and laborious path of improvement and duty, to the indulgence of the lusts of the flesh;

which is not only inimical to the spirit of improvement, but is also enmity to God.

The estrangement from salutary pursuits, however, is not accomplished at once.

No:

he, who is leading the devotee of pleasure to ruin, is more skilful in his vocation—the destruction of souls—than this.

"He leads them with a silken cord until within his power, and then binds them with his awful chains of darkness."It is so much easier to float with the stream than to pull against it.

We glide along with the smooth current without an effort.

The sky is clear and serene above.

The caroling of birds is heard in the majestic woods, that fringe the banks of the river.

Our companions are gay, and fascinate us with their pleasant conversation.

So engrossed do we become in viewing the windings of the stream, the beauties of nature, and in considering the enjoyment before us, that we apprehend no danger.

Unperceived by us, however, the bark in which we float has approached the falls, over which to shoot is certain death.

The sound of the cataract awakens us from our thoughtlessness, and we are aware of our danger, but, alas!

too late.

We may frantically endeavor to gain the shore, but all in vain.

Onr strength is not sufficient to prevail against the current.

We have Moated too far.

Our doom is sealed.

Our destruction sure.

Oh, how the thoughts of such a death curdles the blood!

How bitterly we regret our heedlessness

Thus it is with those who yield to the spirit of indolence—who listen to the voice of the tempter.

Little by little, step by step are they led into the whirlpool of worldly pleasure and dissipation.

So enwrapped do they become in the pursuit of what they falsely call pleasure, that they take no note of the elapse of time, until nature begins to sink beneath her heavy burden.

Then they begin to realize that much valuable time has been spent to the accomplishment of no good.

Old age is coming on.

They are nearing the falls.

They regret having wasted so much time, but their regrets will not recall the days that have taken their departure, and are gone to swell the volume of the past.

They may attempt reform, but in too many instances they have floated too far.

"Their strength is not sufficient to prevail against the stream."The appetites while seeking pleasure in ease and dissipation, have become vicious, and are beyond control—are stronger than the will;

that being the case, "their doom is sealed, their destruction sure."But to the future of

CORRESPONDENCE.

him, who has thus wasted his life;

See him appear before an offended God, to witness the knowledge of all the opportunities, which he has neglected, and to know that they are lost—lost for ever.

Oh, what anguish, vexation, and heartrending sorrow must be his

Truly such remorse of conscience is; "As a lake of fire and brimstone whose fire is not quenched."This sad condition is brought about by the loss of Self Government.—By allowing the passions to become stronger than the will; or in other words, by permitting the body to conquer the spirit.

And shall this be?

Nay;

God forbid.

It was not so designed by heaven.

Then if you would that your spirit should triumph, and by this victory save both body and spirit from an awful doom, "Resolve, resolve! and to he men aspire.

Exert that noblest privilege—alone

Here to mankind indulged:

control desire;

Let Godlike reason, from her sovereign throne

Speak the commanding word I WILL, and it is done."B. H. Roberts.

Johnson City, Washington County, Tennessee, Dec.

5, Editor Contributor:

Agreeable to promise I will write you a few lines informing you of my welfare,

I arrived at Carter's Depot on the 12th of last month in company with Brother R.

A.

Ballantyne.

. There had never been any missionaries in this section of country before.

The people seem as ignorant of our doctrine as the Indians, and I think a great deal more so.

I have thought that if we were in cages that it would be a profitable business for the manager to take us around.

The most of the people are afraid to converse with us, or invite us to their houses, as they have been warned not to do so by their ministers.

A man, who was converted in Virginia, lectured at Carter's Depot a few days before we arrived, and it appears, by what I can learn, that he told so many truths that the ministers got scared and warned the people, if they had any respect for themselves or love for the truth, to leave us alone, not to converse with us nor read any of our books.

He said that he did not advocate mobbing us, but would advise all of his hearers to let us strictly alone.

This warning had a very good effect, for I believe he has preached his CORRESPONDENCE.

last sermon in that house.

There was something occurred about the time to awaken the displeasure of his own sect.

A man died in a drunken fit, who had been a habitual drunkard and a profane man all the days of his life, he had drunk up and squandered the provision and clothing of his wife and children, in fact there was not a person in this place who had any respect for him.

After he was dead, the minister came in, and sprinkled some water over his forehead and called it baptism; the man of course, was ushered into the presence of the just, because he was thus baptised by a Methodist minister.

The members of his own church could not go that very well, and when we were denounced from the same stand where he taught this doctrine, there were a few who were bold enough to tell him he would get no more money from them.

We find the people here a long way behind the times. On visiting the county seat, a town that has been inhabited for seventy-five years, we find them in a deplorable condition.

The religious people that visit Utah, talk about their free school system; they have one in Elizabethton;

that is, they say they have; but I fail to see where it is.

The school house is a brick building about thirty by fifty-six, two storys high, with the windows all out of the upper

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

story, and about half out of the lower.

The teacher told us that he had leased the school house for ten years and was going to fix it up;

he has seventy-five pupils, he said, all in the spelling book but six.

His jterms are ten dollars for ten months for those in the spelling book, and fifteen dollars for those above; a strange free school we thought. We saw none of his pupils that looked to be younger than eight years, and they ranged from that to fourteen.

The negro school seems to be in a better condition;

we did not visit it, but judging from the appearance of the house, and the books that the students were carrying, we thought they must have the better school, in fact we find the darkies above par in this country.

We have preached three times since we came here to very good houses, and the people paid good attention to what we said.

We have hopes of converting a few, but think it will only be a few.

We have baptized one family, a man and his wife, and expect to baptize his mother and her family shortly.

They had heard the gospel preached before and were partly prepared to receive it.

They moved from Virginia here about three years ago, and are very anxious to go to

Utah.

I pray that the blessings of God will attend you in your efforts in the cause of improvement and in carrying on the Contributor.

I remain your Brother in the Gospel of

Christ, George R.

Hill.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

HISTORY OF THE GENERAL ORGANIZATION.—III.

Continuing their tour pursued in the

December number, Brothers Hardy and

Young visited on their return trip the east line of settlements:—Commencing at Camp Lorenzo, May 18, 1876;

back to Santa Clara on the 21, thence to Washington, 22;

Harrisburg, 23;

and Leeds, 24.

Thence to EAST KANE COUNTY, Visiting Toker, May 25, 1876;

Virgen 26;

Rockville, 28; Shonesburg, 30Mt.

Carmel, June Glendale, 2;

Orderville, 3; Kanab, 7;

Johnson, 8.

Returning to EASTERN IRON COUNTY, Visited Hillsdale on June 10, 1876;

Panguitch, 11.

Thence to SEVIER COUNTY, Monroe on June 14, 1876; Joseph, 15;

Elsinore, 16; Glenwood, 17;

Prattville, 18, to Richfield same day;

Salina, 19.

Through Southern Sanpete to Mayfield on the 20th, Gunnison again on the 21st.

Thence to Salt Lake City, arriving on the 24th.

Having traveled one thousand and twenty-five miles, walking one hundred and seventy-one miles, visiting fifty-six villages, holding fifty-four meetings, effecting twenty-four organizations, visiting seventeen Associations already organized, and ten schools, occupying sixty-six days.

In July following, a northern tour was arranged by the same brethren, visiting the villages in the following order:

ONEIDA COUNTY, IDAHO, Mound Valley, July 19, 1876, and Soda Springs on the 20.

Thence up the Bear River through BEAR LAKE COUNTY, IDAHO, To Georgetown, July 22, 1876;

Paris, 23;

Bennington, 25;

Montpelier, 26;

Ovid, 27;

Liberty, same day; Bloomington, 29;

St.

Charles, Fish Haven, 31; Swan Creek, August 1.

Through WESTERN RICH COUNTY, UTAH, To Lakctown, August 2, 1876;

Meadowville, 3;

via Blacksmith Fork to Hyrum, Cache County, thence to Brigham City, Box Elder County, and Farming-

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ton, Davis County, thence to Salt Lake City.

Making in twenty-seven days, four hundred and sixty miles, visiting twenty-one villages, holding twenty public meetings, organizing eleven Associations and visiting seven already organized.

During the time of these tours, Secretary M. H. Hardy, left with the Associations, and sent by mail, upwards of sixteen dozen tracts and pamphlets on the First Principles of the Gospel.

This concluded the first general movement in which public meetings were held in various cities, towns and villages of the

Saints.

District organizations of the Young Men were effected, and the plainest character of exercises presented and recommended.

Centers for collections for cabinets were established in five prominent and intermediate districts;

tracts on the First Principles of the Gospel were left with the various Associations; and the subjects of "Acquiring individual testimony of the divinity of the Mission of

Joseph Smith;""Why we have gathered from the nations to these Valleys;""The works and hardships of our fathers;""Our citizenship in the Government and Kingdom of God; ""The privileges we enjoy by reason of the faithful, sacrificing, heroic acts of our parents and the establishment of libraries were made prominent.

Weekly class work, monthly joint sessions, and serial lectures were begun.

December 8, 1876, a Central Committee of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, was organized at the

Council House, Salt Lake City.

Junius F. Wells was elected President, Milton H. Hardy and Rodney C. Badger were chosen Counselors; John Nicholson, R.

W. Young, and George F. Gibbs, Secretaries; and Mathoni W. Pratt, Treasurer.

The object of the Central Committee was to form a Board of Reference for the combined Associations throughout the Territory, to act at the head of the entire Organization, conduct missionary labor among the young people, receive reports and issue general instructions for the government of the Associations.

When the demand was made of Mehemet Ali, Governor of Egypt, for an army to besiege the Greek fort, Massalonghi, the death place of Lord Byron, he responded by raising a large force of men, under the leadership of his son Ibrahim, a general of great distinction and ability, who first came into prominence in an Egyptian expedition of importance, the command of which he obtained through the following incident:

When the nature of the undertaking, which was one calculated to reflect great honor upon its successful leader, became known, there arose among the military pashas a strife and contention as to who should command it.

The jealousy of the many aspirants for this position of honor and trust ran high, and threatened the success of the expedition.

Finally, the discreet Governor hit upon a happy expedient, whereby to allay all jealousies, and at the same time prove the ingenuity of the rivals.

He ordered all who sought the distinction, to assemble in the grand reception chamber of his palace on a certain day, when the selection of the commander would be made.

On their coming together, the Governor had his servants spread a magnificent carpet on the floor before the throne on which he sat, and place an orange in the centre of it.

This done, he announced that whoever should take up the orange, without stepping on the carpet, should receive the commission as Commander of the Expedition one after another, short, fat, long and lean of those present stretched out arms and legs with all their might to reach the fruit, but each, in turn, failed.

At last it came the turn of the Governor's son Ibrahim, who stepped forward and taking up the edge of the carpet, carefully rolled it up until he could seize the orange.

He was awarded the command, and as has been said, attained great celebrity as a military man.