The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

II.

NOVEMBER, 1880.

No.

2.

MEXICO AND THE The train leaving Vera Cruz at 11:30 p.m., deprived us of any view of the surrounding country, as well as that over which we were passing to the City of Mexico.

A subsequent trip, however, revealed to the writer that the first sixty or seventy miles, consists of a succession of low sand hills, alternating with occasional barren plains, relieved here and there by a few groves of a somewhat stunted growth.

By daylight on the morning of November 15th, our attention was drawn to the fact that we were gliding smoothly,but at the same time rapidly, through dense forests, the trees of which were strange and many hued.

The feathery leaved banana, mingling with the gracefully waving ferns, over-topped by the broader foliage of the fig and other wide-leaved, fruit bearing trees, each nodded from the sloping banks and abrupt mountain sides, under whose dark shadows we were swiftly drawn by a powerful, double grand Farley engine, which, under heavy "pressure, was constantly emitting bright sparks—lighting up the gloom of deep cuts and showering down the sides of huge hills.

Our route lay through the tierra caliente, the land of heat;

the land of beauty;

the land of cochineal, cocoa and vanilla; products of Mexico indigenous to the country, but long since classed among the luxuries of Europe.

Here, it is said, fruits and flowers chase each other in unbroken circle from year to year.

Here the perfume of flowers and the bloom of trees cause the senses MEXICANS.

to ache with a load of sweetness, while the eye is dazed with the variable hue of the bird, leaf and insect.

But alas!

amidst all this lovliness lurks the pestilent malaria;

for here thrives yellow fever and black vomito. The same glowing sun, which quickens into life the wonders of the vegetable kingdom and makes glorious animal life, also produces bilious disorders seldom known in the colder climate, prevailing on the high plateaus of Mexico.

Thus, nature regulates her works on the plan of compensation.

As the eastern sky gradually became more perceptibly tinged with morning light, towering mountain peaks seemed to rise from the midst around us, like silent sentinels—the watchers of ages.

Tightly buttoning our overcoats, and carefully wrapping our rugs about us, the chilling breezes admonish us that we are passing beyond the reach of malarial fevers and that scourge of the Europeans, vomito.

We are above the hot fumes of the tierra caliente^ and have reached a point where the vapors from the ocean strike, in their westward course, the mountains, and diffusing in gentle rains, maintain on the face of nature the richest verdure, throughout the year.

Here, during the day, the air is always bland and salubrious, rendering it desirable as a place of safety for the residents of the Gulf Coast, during the heat of summer.

With an echoing snort, our admirable engine drew us up to an attractive little station, located in the midst of a plantain grove, upon whose drooping leaves

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

hung, like tear-drops, the dews of early morning.

To the right, with background ornamented by a similar grove, stood a quaint, thatched and gothic roofed

Indian dwelling, the inmates of which, wrapped in peaceful slumber, were dreaming, perhaps, of the happy days of their forefathers, before the aggressive white man subjugated the dominion of the once proud, but in death long since silent, Aztec monarchs.

A moment's delay at this picturesque spot, and a sharp, double shriek, accompanied by the hiss of escaping steam, notified us that the train was moving forward to scenes of still more striking interest.

Curving gradually southward,we pass over a smooth grassy tract of tableland, and enter a long open cut, leading to the magnificent strap-iron tresselated bridge, crossing Metlac Canon.

To our left, we peer.down a thousand feet or more into this wonderfully grand gap;

the rushing torrent of which, appears to us like broken threads of silver, set in banks of waving ferns; while the broad foliage of tropical tree and bush, overhang with dripping leaves, the enchanting scene of surpassing beauty.

The train gliding smoothly over a grade, supported in many places by solid walls of masonry, seems suspended in midair, with yawning chasms far below, and frowning volcanic-rent mountains towering above.

Swiftly moving on a sharp,descending grade, though traveling in an opposite direction from the flow of the water, a glance forward, as we extend our head beyond the outer wall of the car, and our vision beyond the locomotive, presents to view the permanent road bed, seemingly bound together by two extended iron bars, which, however, we well know must be firmly spiked to hidden sleepers, imbedded securely in the rocky cut;

the whole marking the face of rugged nature and indicating the enterprise of capital and the achievement of labor, when directed by the engineering skill of man.

The crossing of the Metlac Canon by the Mexico and Vera Cruz Railway is one of the wonderful achievements of the age.

As an exhibition of scientific skill it has, of the kind, few equals.

In our own country we hear much of, and glowing articles have been written about the great "Horseshoe Bend,"near Altoona, in the Alleghany Mountains, and on the line of the Pennsylvania Railroad.

Artists have made that wonderful work known throughout the civilized world;

and yet it shrinks into insignificance when compared with the immense sweep required in the crossing of Metlac Canon, embracing, as it does, miles of cuttings with heavy grades, terminating on the center of the bridge, at a point hundreds of feet above the water, which rushes down the deep gorge in a mighty torrent.

The bridge itself is, with its approaches, nearly in the form of a complete half-circle, and hundreds of feet in length.

The division of its length marks the end of the descending and the beginning of the ascending grade,passing which we commence to rise sharply in a direction almost the reverse of that by which we descended the opposite mountain. A mile, perhaps, ahead, we glance through a tunnel, (there are sixteen on the line of this road, within a distance of about sixty miles,) which appears like the rising moon, with the lower section of the circle, behind a distant mountain.

Our powerful engine now labors hard while safety valves tremble under the pressure of steam.

We are pleased with the slow motion of the train, for our eyes are bewildered, and our whole being is awed by the magnificent scenery all around.

Our thoughts no longer linger in wonder and admiration over the works of man.

Metlac Canon is a masterpiece of the Great Designer.

Enraptured we gaze down, as into a fathomless ocean beneath, over which hangs fleecy, flitting clouds, while above all floats a golden purple haze, veiling nature in her slumbering beauty.

Beyond and to our right rise massive mountains, the base of which is met by sloping hills, covered with a tropical growth, whose richness surpasses anything which the writer had ever seen before.

As the sun rises, the shadows on the western slopes deepen, while those on the eastern are changing

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

and blending like the variable hues of the rainbow.

With a sudden increase of speed, and a sharp curve to the right, we enter the lovely little mountain girt valley of Orizaba.

The green turf, the cane and tobacco fields, as we flitted by old cathedrals and occasional ruins, presented a most pleasing contrast with the rocky, barren road which rises sharply behind the pretty little town.

To the south, and distant perhaps fifteen miles, appears grand old Mount Orizaba—the lone star mountain—whose summit, always covered with snow and ice, reaches an altitude of nearly sixteen thousand feet.

For ages untold and since the heat of the active volcano subsided, has this majestic mountain peak stood, alike unmindful of the rays of morning light, causing its ice-bound summit to sparkle like jewels in a diadem, and of the beatings of the rude blasts of the ocean-bred tempest.

Silent and alone, amid God's noble works, it stood when the shadowy Tolecas gazed in admiration upon its wondrous grandeur, while building his pyramids and temple.

It stood the silent watcher while Popocatepetl, with fiery upheavals, lit up the valley of Mexico and marked the rise and fall of the Aztec empire.

When the smouldering embers of the great volcano foreshadowed, perhaps, the waning power of Montezuma, the Lone Star Mountain was the beacon that led to the landing of Cortez.

A silent witness it has been to the greatness and the decay of the Spanish sway.

It has witnessed the growth of the Catholic power, under whose yoke thirty millions of people faded away, like the dews of heaven before the rising sun.

A silent witness of its rise, it stands there and will witness the fall.

In all ages the proud creation of God, Mount Orizaba, beautiful and grand, will stand until Him whose right it is to rule shall rule.

Remaining at the town long enongh to get a lunch and change engines, we once more moved forward; passing up a narrow valley, less productive than others left behind.

We see no more coffee plantations; the beautiful trees, new and strange to us, no longer gladden our eyes or excite our admiration.

High up the mountains are straggling groves and belts of pines, while down the steep winding paths we see pack trains of donkeys.

Patient, much abused little creatures, carrying wood to be consumed by the locomotives of the railway.

Their masters are strangers to Credit Mobilier stocks, or DeGolyer contracts.

But, it is said, there exists a community of interest between them and the firemen of the railroad company, who take their wood on at the stations, where weary donkeys have delivered it, and also throw it off the engine at suitable points, so that it can be picked up again and re-sold.

The ascent being gradual to Maltrata, the train makes good time, and we note objects with but a glance.

To the right we observe two pyramids, with forms perfectly defined. Neither would exceed thirty feet in height, and sixty or seventy at the base.

They appear to be formed of earth, and are in an excellent state of preservation.

At Maltrata, many Indian men, women and children met us with fruits of various kinds, numerous varieties new entirely to us.

Here we were urged to buy Pulque, the Mexican drink, about which I will say more hereafter.

The Mexicans use it as the English and Germans do beer, as the French and Italians do wine, and as the Americans whiskey.

It is an intoxicant, but not of the turbulent, fighting or profane kind.

An Indian under the influence of Pulque, unlike the average American under the influence of whiskey, laughs and sings.

At this place peaches bloom in January.

Ahead we see deep cuts, heavy fills, and bridges spanning deep gorges.

The grade appears so heavy that we can hardly believe it to be more than a wagon road.

But on inquiry we learn that it is the famous Cumbres de Aculzingo, beyond which we reach the cold zone, or tierra frio.

From there to Boca del Monte, (mouth of the mountain.) we rise in less than two hours, about four thousand five hundred feet.

And this amid the grandest scenery.

Moses Thatcher.

The world is theirs who take it.

THE STARS.

THE STARS, When we look at the heavens, they present the appearance of an immense dome touching the earth all around us, or of the half of a hollow sphere.

Now, if the earth could be removed from under us, we should be able to see the other half, thus making up the entire sphere, and this astronomers call the Celestial Sphere.

Now, if we watch the motion of the stars set in it, they all seem to move from east to west, that is, they rise in the east and set in the west, except some stars around the North Pole, which are always visible, but seem to move around a point in the north, called the North Pole, and this is almost exactly located by the North

Star.

This last star may be watched from hour to hour during the night, and so far as the eye can judge, it seems not to move at all.

There is a point in the Southern Hemisphere of the heavens just opposite the North Pole, called the South

Pole.

These two points seem to be the extremities of an axis on which the whole sphere turns.

This revolution of the sphere on its axis, is only apparent, as it is the earth that moves, in a contrary direction, in the course of its daily revolution from west to east.

If we observe stars from one evening to another, we shall see that most of them remain in the same fixed position, with reference to each other.

They look like so many bright objects set in a solid hollow sphere, so that they cannot approach each other nor recede from each other.

These are the stars proper or the fixed stars.

But there are a few that seem to move about among the others, some very slowly, so that we might continue our observations through many weeks or even months, before we could detect any change in position with the naked eye, while others move rapidly so that we can observe the change from one evening to another.

These are the wandering stars, more commonly called the planets, of which not more than six are visible to the naked eye, and even one of these can not be seen unless its position is exactly known.

If the reader were required to guess the number of stars that can be seen in the course of an evening, the number would, no doubt, be in the tens of thousands.

But in reality, if we could see even the stars of the Southern Hemisphere that are hidden from our view, because of the intervening earth, the number would not be more than about five thousand, though some whose eyes are good and well trained could see more, and others less. When we use an ordinary opera glass or telescope, where we saw only one before, we may now see tens or even hundreds, and with the most powerful telescopes of modern times, the number is increased prodigiously, the estimates ranging from thirty to fifty million.

Some stars seem to be much brighter than others.

This difference may be caused by some being nearer to us than others, or by a real difference in brightness or in size.

But still some stars that are known to be the nearest to us, are not by any means the brightest.

Stars are classified according to their magnitudes;

thus we speak of the brightest stars as those of the first magnitude, and so on, but by this, we are not to suppose that magnitude has any reference to size, for on this subject we know but very little, but to the degree of brightness.

All the stars of the first six magnitudes may be seen with the naked eye, but for the others, a telescope is necessary, and in order to see those of the sixteenth magnitude, the largest telescopes must be used, It has been found a very difficult matter to make an accurate measurer of light, so as to classify the stars with certainty.

Consequently, some have placed a star in one magnitude, while others have placed it in another, as they are obliged to guess at its brightness as nearly as the eye can determine.

Catalogues of stars have been gotten up from very early times, showing the positions of the most important.

The earliest of these is that contained in the

Almagist, a work written by the astrono-

THE STARS.

mer and geographer, Ptolemy, about the commencement of the Christian Era, and which continued for fourteen hundred years, without change, to be the text book in schools.

This catalogue is supposed to have been copied from the earlier one of Hipparchus, published about one hundred and fifty years before

Christ.

The number of stars was one thousand and eighty.

In modern times, star catalogues have been gotten up on a far more extensive scale.

That of Argelander, contains about three hundred thousand.

The ancients imagined they could see figures formed in the heavens by the peculiar grouping of the stars; although these figures may be found in the charts that accomany most school astronomies,it would be very difficult for us to make out such figures.

These star groups were named in very early times, some suppose as early as the Argonautic Expedition, as many of the heroes that took part in this, are represented in the heavens, but it is more reasonable to suppose that the names of these groups, called constellations, were applied from one age to another, until we have them as they are now.

Formerly, when it was desired to locate a star, the part of the body of the figure in which it was situated was named, but this method has gone almost entirely out of use, and likewise the method that followed that, of giving particular names to the stars, as Serius, the dog star, etc.

The present method, is that adopted by

Boyer, of Augsburg.

The stars of each constellation are named in the order of their brightness, after the letters of the Greek alphabet, and when these are exhausted, numbers are sometimes used.

But when neither of these methods are used, the star is located by giving its latitude and longitude.

All have noticed an irregular streak of what seems to be cloudy matter extending across the heavens.

This is called the Milky Way, and if the earth were removed from under us, we should see it extending through the Southern Hemisphere so as to form a complete circle around the whole heavens.

This is its appearance to the naked eye, but when we use the telescope, what seemed to us to be a white fleecy cloud, is now resolved into an immense number of stars so close together, that without this aid to the eye, they could not be distinguished from each other.

The distances at which stars are located from us, are simply beyond all comprehension, and in consequence of their immense distances, it has been found very difficult to make any measurements at all.

This has been one of the most difficult problems of modern astronomy, but by means of the refined methods now in use, some of these distances have been measured with tolerable accuracy.

The star nearest to the earth is Alpha

Centauri, that is the brightest star in the constellation of the Centaur;

as Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet.

If we should give the distance in miles, the imagination would have no conception of it, so we must use some other method.

Light travels at the rate of one hundred and eighty-five thousand miles per second; now, if a ray of light should start from this star to the earth, it would require at least three years and seven months to traverse that distance.

Another star, Cygni, on which the first observations for distance were made, is somewhat farther away.

Serius, the dog star, the brightest in the heavens, is so far away, that a wave of light must travel nearly twenty years to reach us.

It requires fifty years for light to reach us from the North Star, while some of the smallest that can be seen are at such immensely great distances, that the passage of light requires from two to four thousand years, and according to some, even tens of thousands.

Thus, stars may be blotted out of existance to-day, and it would require years before we could be aware of it, as the last ray of light that left it previous to its extinction would require that time to reach us.

We may give another illustration to show the immense distances.

To an observer on Alpha Centauri, a thread six hundred and fifty feet from the eye, would cover the radius of the earth's orbit, ninety-two and a half million miles, when looked at sidewise.

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

The stars arc all supposed to be suns, very much like our own, surrounded by their retinues of planets, but differing a little in chemical constitution from each other.

These planets, if there are any, must be very much like those of our own system, not shining by their own light, but simply by reflected light as in the case of the moon.

The amount of light they would give forth, therefore, would be so small that we could not see them, even with the most powerful telescopes;

for with the aid of one of these, even the star itself presents to us no disk, but only a mere point.

The instrument used to determine the chemical constitution of the stars, is the spectroscope, and by means of this, the presence of many of the most common elements that we are acquainted with, has been detected in the atmosphere of the stars.

Quebec.

Angels from friendship, gather half their joy.—You?ig.

There is nothing so imprudent as excessive prudence; where it obtains faith and progress are impossible.

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

SECOND LEAF.

Faith in God once quickened in the human heart, conscience is awakened and the mind is self-convicted of sin.

Repentance follows as the consequence.

This includes sorrow for the past and determination for the future.

The first of these without the second is not genuine repentance.

It is barren and fruitless, and is therefore unacceptable to God.

Resolutions of future rectitude are naturally accompanied by grief for past wrong-doing, but regret may exist without reform, and such is not saving repentance, the virtue of which is in turning from evil and cleaving to good.

Tears, self-reproaches, lamentations, selfabasement in language or in gesture do not constitute repentance, no matter how loudly they may be indulged in or how conspicuous they may appear, but it is evidenced by forsaking things one knows to be wrong and practicing that which one is satisfied is right.

Humility is one of its chief characteristics and this prompts obedience.

As repentance follows faith, so baptism succeeds repentance.

For the wish to work righteousness in future implies a desire for forgiveness of past guilt, and baptism is ordained for the remission of sins.

This opens the broad questions of sin and redemption and the doctrine of the atonement.

There are two general divisions of sin, viz., original and actual.

Original sin is that which was committed by the parents of the race, the consequences ot which pass upon all of their posterity.

Actual sin is that committed by each individual and for which he is personally responsible.

Adam and Eve broke the divine law given to them in the garden, the penalty for which was death;

natural and spiritual, the first being the separation of the spirit and the body, and the second, banishment from the presence of God.

The taint descended to their offspring.

Death is the common lot, and a vail is drawn between man and his maker.

Thus mankind are prone to do evil, and the consequence is that "all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.""The wages of sin is death."Redemption is rescue from the results of the fall.

This can only be achieved by the raising of the race from the dead and restoring them to the presence of God.

To effect this Christ came.

Doing no sin he gave himself as a ransom for those who sinned.

He upon whom death had no claim gave himself to death, that he might satisfy eternal justice and give mercy room to act.

Death came by Adam, life comes by Christ.

Through one act death entered the world, through one act life will come to all that death has grasped.

"As in Adam all die so in Christ will all be made alive."Good and bad, believer and unbeliever, male

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

and female, young and old will be raised from the dead and brought into the presence of the eternal father.

This is the work of Jesus of Nazareth, who shed his blood in this great atonement to redeem all mankind from the fall.

But this was only part of his work.

He died not only to atone for original sin but for actual sin, and to become the mediator between God and man.

"Without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sin;"this is the law.

His blood was shed for the sins of the whole world.

For original sin unconditionally;

for actual sin conditionally.

Mankind had no part in the commission of the original sin, they perform nothing in the redemption therefrom.

Its effects came through no acts of theirs; those effects will be removed without anything they may do.

No conditions are required as preliminaries to redemption from original sin;

it was committed by Adam, it was atoned for by Jesus Christ.

But as each person is guilty of his own sins, so he must comply with the conditions which will entitle him to the full benefits of Christ's atonement for his own sins.

Among these conditions are faith, repentance and baptism.

Saving faith must necessarily include the Son as well as the Father in its objects, because salvation comes from the Father through the Son, and as Christ died for all, there is no other name but his given under heaven whereby man can be saved.

Repentance, as we have shown, includes humility, which leads to obedience, and baptism follows, in which is given to the repentant believer that remission of sins, obtained through the shedding of Christ's blood in the place of the blood of the sinner.

Baptism as a part of the Gospel is the complete immersion in water of a repentant believer, by a man having authority to act "in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost."All this is essential to its validity.

The candidate must believe and repent.

The administrator must have divine authority.

The ordinance must be performed correctly.

There is but "one baptism,"as there is but "one Lord and one faith."Any other kind of baptism is spurious and of no effect.

The believing repentant sinner, after making covenant with God to forsake evil and keep His commandments, is taken down into the water by the duly authorized and ordained representative of the Lord Jesus, and being dead to his old sins by repentance, is buried from his old life by immersion in the watery grave;

and then raised up again to newness of life, is "born of the water"and stands on earth a new creature in Christ Jesus.

He is clean before God.

He is as pure from guilt as a new born babe.

Though his sins were as scarlet, he is now washed whiter than wool, and is prepared for the next step on the straight and narrow path which leads to life eternal.

Happy indeed is he.

Joy unspeakable fills his heart.

Peace indescribable dwells in his bosom.

Purity shines in all his nature.

He has entered in by the door into the sheep fold, and is one of the flock of Christ.

The load of his past misdeeds is rolled from his shoulders and he is free.

The liberty of the gospel is his.

Henceforth he should be the servant only of the King of Kings, and a soldier of the Cross.

But he has a warfare to fight which will require all his strength, resolution and fortitude.

For he has come out from the world and the world will hate him, and persecute him and malign him, and try to despitefully use him.

The flesh of his own being will be in conflict with his spiritual nature now brought into actual life.

And Satan, the great adversary of the children of light, with his hosts of emissaries will take special pains to tempt and try to allure him from the path of salvation.

But God will be on his side, and if he holds true to his baptismal covenants he will come off more than conqueror over all, and obtain the full and complete benefits of the atonement wrought out by the spotless and merciful Savior, who henceforth is his loved and loving Lord.

C. W. Penrose.

Work for some good, he it ever so slowly;

Cherish some flower, be it ever so lowly Labor—all labor is noble and holy.—Osgood.

4o TRAVELS IN ITALY.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

ii.

VERONA AND PADUA.

On the evening train leaving Milan for

Verona, November 15, 1873, the passengers were considerably diverted by the conduct of a pair of Lombard peasants, who were returning from the Cathedral City, where a few hours before they had been joined in the sacred bonds of matrimony.

We have no recollection of ever seeing a couple so much pleased with themselves and each other.

Their admiration not resting here, the happy groom busied himself directing his fellow passengers'attention to the beauties of his bride her eyes, smile, physique, costume, etc., were pointed to with rapturous delight, he always winding up by embracing the dear object of his admiration, who seemed greatly to enjoy the attention she attracted, and the esteem in which she was held.

We arrived at the famous city of the Scaligers in the middle of the night, a fitting time to trod the streets in which were fought the petty battles of the Capulets and Montagues.

On our way to the hotel, we passed the house in which fair Juliet lived, and—need it be said—

were wont to stop a while and lean against the carved pillars of the balcony, from which shot the fiery darts of love that pierced the enamored heart of Romeo.

It is surprising, considering the many thousand young men who visit this place, annually, each feeling himself a veritable Romeo, that the pillars are not worn away.

The family now occupying the building, it is said, is without daughters, and indeed it were unsafe for any other to think of making it their home.

Verona is an ancient town of sixty thousand inhabitants.

It was founded by the Gauls and passed into possession of the Lombard princes, who resided here during the middle ages;

afterwards it fell into the hands of the illustrious family of

Scaligers, under whose presidency the republic of Verona flourished for upwards of a hundred years, the rival, in many respects, of Venice.

Toward the close of the fourteenth century, however, it became subject to the latter government, and remained so until the end of the Venetian republic.

The town presents the appearance of being poverty-stricken;

the inhabitants of belonging to some other age; their fantastic garbs are such as are seen in the old plays; broad-brimmed hats, with feathers waving above the crown, and long, full cloaks being worn by the men.

Thus arrayed, their silent, measured tread falls upon the ear with apprehension, and their dark, flashing eyes are painfully suggestive of the deeds such characters dare to do. They make one feel that Verona is a good place to visit by daylight, rather than in the darkness of night.

The most interesting object in the city is the ancient Arena, built in the time of Diocletian, about 280 A. D.

It is above one hundred feet high, and is sixteen hundred feet in circumference, outside measurement.

The arena itself is about one hundred and fifty feet wide by two hundred and fifty feet long, or thcsize of the large Tabernacle, Salt Lake City.

Around it rise forty-five tiers of seats, having capacity for about twenty-five thousand spectators, besides standing room for seventy thousand more.

Here were witnessed the sports and games of the ancients; acrobatic, gladiatorial, and equestrian tournaments.

At present, within the interior is located a small theatre, while the arcades leading to it are rented by the town, to traders and merchants of every description, who display a wonderful variety of goods for sale at exorbitant prices.

The tombs of the Scaligers are elaborate marble, bronze and gold monuments located near the church of St.

Maria Antica in the open street.

The finest are surmounted by canopies, supported by beautifully carved columns, above which are equestrian statues of the princes, in whose honor they were erected; beneath the canopies are the Sarcophagi, surrounded with statues of Christian heroes, and symbolical figures representing

Christian virtues.

Around each tomb is a costly and elegant railing

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

4i in the construction of which frequently recurs a ladder, which forms the family crest.

In a land of monuments and tombs, designed to exhibit the wealth of princes and the perfection of Art, these of the Scaliger family are among the best.

The old cathedral is a Gothic structure of large proportions, but of secondary interest.

The church of St. Zeno Maggiore is one of the oldest and of the noblest proportions.

It dates from the eleventh century.

The balcony in front is supported by two immense lions, in red marble.

The portal is carved to represent Bible scenes from the creation of woman to the betrayal by Judas and the crucifixion;

also representations from the life of St.

Zeno, who was the bishop in the ninth century, and in whose memory the church has been built.

Within, a double row of massive pillars and columns alternating, support the arched roof, which is of open fretwork.

Numerous statues, among them those of the Savior and Twelve Apostles, are placed upon the choir screen, within the chancel and in side niches, between the windows.

The latter are of finely stained glass and are of themselves a pictorial history of the Bible and of sacred traditions, preserved in the characters of hero saints of all ages.

A vase of porphyry, just within the entrance, about thirty feet in circumference, attracts attention by its great size and artistic workmanship.

Across the rapid flowing Adige, which divides the town, upon a lofty eminence that rises abruptly from the river's bank, is located the castle of St. Peter, with a garrison of six thousand troops.

From the top of the barracks a magnificent view is obtained of the environs of Verona, the

Alps, and the distant Appennines.

Notfardistant,within an enclosed garden, a ruined chapel may be seen, in which a dilapidated tomb is exhibited as that of Shakspeare's Juliet.

It is of the red marble of Verona, and is altogether unattractive and desolate.

While the facts of the great author's play are undisputed, and indeed are recorded as having actually occurred in the time of Bartollomeo della Scala, 1300 A. D., the wretched excuse for Juliet's sepulchre, which the custodian here shows, is considered to be an imposition.

Almost any stage carpenter can get up a better tomb, and but for the location, one which is just as likely to have contained the fair sleeper, while her restless lover was slaying everybody about him and finally himself.

The road from Verona to Venice passes through Vicenza, a town of twenty-seven thousand inhabitants, in which many buildings designed by the great Palladio are erected, and give uniform evidence of the taste and ability of that renowned architect.

One of the finest of these is the city museum, in which is a picture gallery and a collection of Roman antiquities.

A few miles nearer "the city of the sea"is the ancient town of Padua, the capital of a province and place of considerable commercial importance.

It traces its origin to Antenor, the mythical king of Troy, and was, in the reign of Augustus, the wealthiest town in northern Italy.

It was, during the middle ages, a famous seat of learning, containing a university founded by

Frederick II, 1238 A. D.

The church of St. Anthony of Padua, is the most imposing structure in the city.

It is three hundred feet long, half as wide, and a hundred and twenty high.

It has seven domes, which rise conspicuously from the roof.

The interior possesses the usual variety of statues, pictures, treasures and relics that characterize the more favored churches of Italy.

It may be well here to remind the reader that the churches and cathedrals of this Catholic country are the repositories of the fine arts.

The most famous pictures, statues and works of art, will be found within them; and while the chanting of the choir boys may offend the ear of protestant Christians, and the smell of incense stifle and sicken, those who would see the wonderful works of the great masters in all the branches of art, must endure these annoyances and spend most of their time about the portals of the vast structures, named with the names of saints, and occupied by orders of shaven priests.

MORAL EDUCATION.

When President George A. Smith visited Europe and Asia, in 1872-3, some of his party objected to visiting so many churches,—some days they had as many as thirteen on their programme—but he realized the fact that the churches contain the "sights,"and could not be induced to change the programme.

It was amusing to see half his party take seats on the steps of some of these, while he and the others were rubbing against the melancholy priests inside.

De Vallibus.

MORAL EDUCATION.

About thirty-five years ago, an eminent English philosopher proposed to erect the laws of character into a science, and to call it Ethology.

I do not know that the idea has been developed, except in the speculations of phrenologists, sociologists, and expounders of heredity.

But we may some day have a special science treating of the laws, which regulate the formation of character.

No one doubts that every man is what he is, as the result of the operation of laws; and however diverse may be human characters, they have all been formed under the same laws.

All systematic training of children is a recognition of this principle.

It is not easy to construct this science, or it would have been done long ago but the clue is in hand when we see that its formative principles lie in the domain of psychology, and that the work to be done is the accommodation of these principles to this special subject.

Unload Ethics of its foreign matter, and it becomes simply, Rules of Conduct.

Its elements are simpler than the four rules of arithmetic, or rather, than the two fundamental principles, adding and substracting, out of which grow all arithmetical operations, and which become complicated only when applied to complicated problems.

Such is Ethics—

a few simple rules of conduct which any child can learn, but which become difficult of application when applied to complicated questions.

Notorious as moral philosophers are for their debates on incidental questions, they are remarkably agreed on what constitutes the ethical code.

They will debate as to why men ought to do right, but not as to what is right.

All-pervaded as society is by moral evils of every grade, how amazing that society should be without a moral code, without a statute book, without a moral Blackstone or Kent.

You are perhaps startled at this statement, but if there is such a book known to society, I do not know of it.

The Bible, you say?

But is the Bible a code?

No more than it is a body of divinity, or a catechism.

The Bible is a collection of sacred books, written by many authors, scattered along the track of fifteen centuries.

It blazes with moral principles, but they are scattered like physical facts over the face of nature.

And like the scattered parts of a tangram they must be brought together before they are seen to be a symmetrical whole.

Numbers, too, are staring us in the face always, but numbers become powerful only when made into arithmetic.

There is a grammar in all human speech, there is geographic truth in every foot of the earth's surface; but before geography and grammar can be taught properly, their principles and facts must be systematized.

And so, abundant as are the materials of ethics, we need the systematic moral code as the instrument of effective moral teaching.

The services of the Church in this direction are very important. To her, society is chiefly indebted for its general moral soundness and growth.

But the teaching of casuistry is only incidental to the mission of the Church, which is to fill men with the powers of the world to come.

A pure life on earth is of course required, and the broad principles by which that life is to be regulated are announced and insisted upon.

The Church gives men right principles, and let the

MORAL EDUCATION.

schools systematize them, and develop for themselves and for society those details which shall inform and guide men in their daily life, and be made a part of the scheme under which the young are educated.

It is not forgotten that much is wanted in moral training besides a text book—

a good mother, a good father, a good teacher, a good discipline, favoring circumstances, "line upon line, precept upon precept, here a little and there a little,"and all that.

Moreover, mental training is moral training to a certain extent; and the failure to recognize this has occasioned much needless concern among good people, especially in reference to public schools.

Though there may be no special moral religious training, the ordinary exercises of a well conducted school are highly ethical in their influence.

And when the teacher is high toned, his personal influence is elevating upon his pupils.

And there is a great deal of miscellaneous moral instruction given in every school as well as in every good home.

It is only proposed in this article to do systematically what is now done unsystematically, and hence incompletely;

to accept ethics as a study.

It is claimed that the subject is at least as important and susceptible of schoolroom treatment as geography or arithmetic.

And that, for the same reason that a child ought not to be left to pick up his arithmetic as he may, he ought not to be left to pick up his morals as he may.

It is, of course, desirable that parents should look after their children's improvement, both morally and intellectually, but parents may be incompetent or neglectful.

Moreover, the idea of education is that all its teachings shall be systematic; that it shall include the whole nature, moral, physical, and intellectual;

and that it shall leave nothing to chance.

If the teacher is expected to turn out an ethical character, he must have the ethical feature in his programme.

He is not to be satisfied with incidental effects and incomplete results, or with occasional efforts.

Children must understand that they are expected to behave themselves, not simply that they may not plague the teacher and disturb the school, but because behavior is the great thing of all the things they have to learn;

that morals are not subsidary to scholarship, but the reverse that what a boy learns is not as important as what he does;

and that, at the outcome of his school life, what he knows is not as important as what he is that what he can do is of small consequence compared with what he is inclined to do and what he does.

The details of this moral work on the pupil are for consideration and experiment.

As to the systematically didactic part, it should be both oral and textual.

With advancing maturity the simplicities of elementary teachings may properly pass into the more complex conditions of life, where sound principles conflict with each other, and difficult problems beset every pathway.

To a child nothing is more mysterious than the moral complications of life—nothing more impossible than the straightforward use of the moral maxims which he has learned.

The application of plain principles to actual life,

Aristotle considered the most bewildering puzzle of human existence.

He regarded practical virtue as the nice adjustment of a hundred forces.

He saw that human association would be an impossibility, if every good principle was to be run like a redhot ploughshare through the tangled vines of social life but a man must get along like a skirmisher feeling an enemy, by glancing warily to the right and to the left before advancing.

Nothing is good!

exclaimed Aristotle;

everything depends on the way you use it.

The wise man will "sound his dim and perilous way through life."

A right principle is, of course, not to be sacrificed;

but when it conflicts with the demands of other right principles, then comes the trouble.

When you exhort a child to ''speak the truth always,"how is he to know that you do not mean that he shall give every one "a bit of his mind"—or that private matters are to be made public—or that whatever he knows about people is to be spouted over the neighborhood?

Or, if you caution him against a deluge of truth,

MORAL EDUCATION.

shall he dry up entirely?

How is he to know what to tell and what to refuse to tell;

when to speak and when to be silent?

And what about evasions and flattering speeches, and all the strategies of society—and of war, too, if you choose?

Was John Champe right when he went after Benedict Arnold, and told a thousand lies to get him?

If not, what shall we say of General Washington, "who never told a lie,"and Henry Lee, "the soul of honor,"who sent him to the British to tell all those lies?

You say that was war.

All life is war!

Emerson says, "Regard your best friend as a beautiful enemy."We are always hiding spies under the flax.

What does Paul mean when he says he becomes all things to all men?

Is it right for you to flatter a popular prejudice which in your heart you despise?

These are everyday questions, and a sad part of a child's actual social education is to teach him to conceal the truth and to impose on others by false pretences.

Thomas Carlyle need not have made himself so unhappy about social shams; but the most of what he says is true.

These examples are mentioned, not to apologize for social shams, or to indicate any opinion in regard to them, but only to illustrate the difficulties of both children and grown people in applying plain cardinal principles of morality.

The field of American politics is our greatest moral chaos, because it is comparatively a new branch of human experience, and one offering a greater variety of strong temptations than any department of old world society.

The average American needs far more moral training than the average European.

The very features in our American life which most powerfully develop the individual, and give prosperity and power to the nation, are like the great motive powers—fullest ot danger.

Our business life is miscellaneous and unsettled, especially in the younger States, where new things and new questions arise hourly;

and our whole civil life is raw and exposed, and endlessly complicated, and largely without precedents.

Railroads, copper and silver mines are new elements in politics—and Satan never wears more angelic, garbs than when he approaches a public officer with a placebo.

If it were possible, he might deceive even the elect.

And if the great and mighty are deceived, who can wonder if the clodhopper should see no harm in selling his vote if it pays better than suckering tobacco from sun to sun in the hot days of summer?

He may not know whether it is best for the country for John Doe or Richard Roe to go to the legislature, but he knows that a little money is a good thing to have, and if he works for Farmer Smith's fifty cents a day, why shouldn't he work for John Doe's five dollars a day, with whisky thrown in?

Doesn't Dr. Black sell his time?

Doesn't Lawyer Jones sell himself for money to any horsethief that wants to get justice cheated?

Then "why may I not take money, yes, and work, and use money to elect John Doe?"The packing of conventions, the carrying of elections, the putting through of corporation measures, are among the mysteries of society.

The sharpest investigating committees, the keenest detectives, are often balked in their efforts to find the center of the plot; and yet many good men are misled by specious pretences, even when not carried to the point of corruption;

whilst others find themselves almost unwittingly involved in transactions which a clear moral insight would have led them to reject with scorn.

Mr. Jefferson said that even in his day rogues had a wonderful facility for getting into office;

for, in the first place, they stole the hearts of the people in order to get into office; and then, after getting in, went to stealing in other ways.

The explanation of the whole thing is found in the moral obtusity of the people at large.

It is said that the Tichborne claimant in England is regarded by the common people simply as a gentleman kept out of his rights.

If a public man is convicted of at least questionable moral conduct, he still has the chance of an ovation from his constituents.

The moral perspicacity of the masses must be quickened before we can be sure ol

EDMUND SPENSER.

having pure officers.

They must not require a candidate for their suffrages to blunt the edge of his moral nature in order to secure his own election, and then expect stern virtue from him after he gets into office.

They must not only require purity, but they must know what purity is; they must know how to apply moral principles to acts in all situations.

And they can learn this only in the primary schools;

for the masses never get beyond the primaries.

It is hard to believe, without examination, that the education of the primary school alone can do much to elevate the people intellectually or morally; but the student of history knows that the primary school has powerfully modified the characters of many nations.

And its future is to be far greater than its past.

The masses will certainly be made smart; but if they are to be made virtuous as well as smart, they must be at least as quick to solve a moral as an arithmetical problem.

The masses of men are honest in intention;

the danger lies in their obtusity.

When villainy is clearly shown to them, they put it down; and it is owing to this bottom honesty in the people, that when our political must is set to fermenting, it works itself clear for a while.

But these cycles of fraud are costly and dangerous.

We love self respect and the respect of the world; and our grand edifice of popular government is shaken to its foundations.

Moral doctrines are simple in their elements, and progressively complex and difficult.

They have a phase suited to every grade of school; and as in general scholarship, the lower schools are largely affected by the upper, so will it be in the teaching of Ethics.

And when through all the grades of education the work upon character becomes as systematic and thorough as the work upon intellect, it may fairly be expected that the material magnificence of the present will be far surpassed by the moral glory of the future.

O. H. Riggs.

EDMUND SPENSER.

The reign or Queen Elizabeth is illustrious for many things.

For no one is it so remarkable as for the many bright literary stars, which shone during its years;—stars such as Shakspeare, Sir Phillip Sidney, the great philosopher Bacon, and the greater poet Spenser.

After the death of Chaucer, the beautiful muse, Poetry, seemed to pass away from the English mind, leaving behind her but the rustle of her garments to fan into a dull spark, the drowsy imagination of some idle songster.

But in the sixteenth century she again appeared and made herself known through the beautiful words of Edmund Spenser.

This poet was born in London, about the year 1553.

He received his education at Cambridge, from which place he took his degree of M. A.

It was also at college that the poet made the acquaintance of Gabriel Harvey, a gentleman who proved to be a very useful friend.

After leaving Cambridge, Spenser went to the North of England, where he formed an attachment for a young lady who did not reciprocate his affection;

and to console himself, the young man wrote his first work, "The Shepherd's Calendar."This poem was sometime after re-arranged and dedicated to Master Phillip Sidney, to whom Spenser had been introduced by his friend Harvey.

The acquaintance of Sidney naturally brought the poet under the notice of the

Earl of Leicester, by whose influence the young man procured, in 1580, the position of secretary to Lord Grey, in Ireland.

He was also presented, by this nobleman, to the queen.

About six years after his presentation, the castle of Kilcohnan, near Cork, was awarded

Spenser, to which place he immediately removed and there remained, until a short time before his death.

The estate of Kilcohnan was situated upon one of the most lovely spots of the "Emerald Isle,"and in his first rapturous

EDMUND SPENSER.

enjoyment of its green earth, its blue sky, its murmuring lake, and its gently flowing river, Spenser composed the first and finest part of his greatest work, "The

Faerie Queen."The first three cantos of the poem having been highly praised by Sir Walter Raleigh, were published in 1590.

The Queen approving this fragment of the work, the first three books were quickly given to the world.

A pension of fifty pounds, awarded him by the

Queen, and the position of Sheriff of Cork, caused the poet to carry back to Ireland a happy heart and a determination to execute with fidelity, the duties of his new and difficult office.

At about the age of forty-one, Spenser was united in marriage to a lovely young lady by the name of Elizabeth; and in honor of this union, he composed one of the most beautiful marriage songs in the

English language.

The fourth, fifth and sixth books of "The Fairie Queen,'were taken to England for publication in 1596, and then the poet returned home, expecting to live in happiness and quietude with his gentle wife.

Spenser had, however, always been disliked by the

Irish, and when the insurrection occurred in 1598, himself and wife were compelled to flee.

Their infant child perished in the flames, which destroyed their home, and the poet himself survived this sad event but a few months.

He died in London, October, 1598, and was buried in Westminster Abbey beside his illustrious predecessor, Chaucer.

"Next Chaucer's bones sleepes Edmund Spenser's dust, in death;

In genius each, in tomb, the other nigh.

Here, near great poet Chaucer, poet Spenser lie, As near in Sepulture as poesy.

While thou wert living, England's muse lived joyauntly;

Dying, while thou art dead, she fears to die.""The Fairie Queen"was to have been written in twelve books, only six of which were completed.

Some biographers say that the other six were written and lost at sea;

this, though, is hardly possible, as Spenser had no time to write them.

It is not, however, to be regretted rhat only the first half of the poem was written, as the vigor and freshness which abound in the first, second and third books, seem to decline in the fourth, fifth, and sixth.

Prince Arthur, the hero of the whole, becoming enamored of the Queen of Fairie Land, seeks her realms and reaches them just as she is holding a twelve days'feast.

Twelve knights, representing in Allegory twelve moral virtues, in which Prince Arthur is to be perfected, accomplish twelve adventures, one for each day of the festival.

The hero of the first and finest book is the Red Cross Knight, or Holiness, who overcomes Heresy and espouses true Religion.

The second book relates the exploits of Sir Guyon, or Temperance;

the third those of Britomartis, or Chastity;

the fourth those of Triamond, or Friendship;

the fifth those of Artegall, or Justice; and the sixth those of Sir Calidore, or Courtesy.

Spenser's other works are "Mother Hubbard's Tale,""Colin Clouts Come Home Againe,""Astrophel,""Daphnaida,"and a fine prose composition entitled "A View of the State of Ireland."The stanza in which he generally wrote was afterwards called the Spenserian.

He was one of the finest descriptive writers in the language, and though at times his poems grow a little tedious, we cannot but enjoy his beautiful descriptions of nature, which are so exquisitely worded that the scenes he portrays with the pen, become almost visible to the eye.

The following lines are selected from his marriage song, called "Epithalamion:"Wake now, my love awake; for it is time The rosy morne long since left Tithon's bed,

All ready to her silver coche to clyme

And Pooebus 'gins to shew his glorious hed.

Hark! how the cheerfull birds do chaunt theyr laies, And carroll of Love's praise.

The merry larke her mattins sings aloft

The thrush replyes the mavis descant playes;

The ouzell shrills the ruddock warbles soft So goodly all agree, with sweet consent,

To this dayes merriment.

Ah! my deare love why doe ye sleepe thus long, When meeter were that ye should now awake,

T'awayt the comming of your joyous mate,

SPARTAN DISCIPLINE.

And hearken to the bird's love-learned song,

The dewy leaves among For they'of joy and pleasance to you sing,

That all the woods them answer, and theyr eccho ring.

My love is now awake out of her dreame,

And her fayre eyes, like stars that dimmed were

With darksome cloude, now shew theyr goodly beams More bright than Hesperus his hed doth rere.

Come now, ye damsels, daughters of delight,

Helpe quickly her to dight But first come ye fayre houres, which were begot

In Jove's sweet paradise of day and night

Which doe the seasons of the year allot,

And all, that ever in this world is fayre, Doe make and still repayre And ye three handmayds of the Cyprian queene,

The which do still adorne her beauties pride,

Helpe to adorne my beautifullest bride

And as ye her array, still throw betweene Some graces to be seene And as ye use to Venus, to her sing,

The whiles the woods shall answer and your eccho ring."ylva There is nothing so successful as success.

Heaven oft in mercy smites, e'en when the blow

Severest is.—Joanna Baillie.

SPARTAN DISCIPLINE.

Of the many petty states that in ancient times were numbered in the Grecian nation, Sparta was the most warlike.

The population was divided into three classes:

first, the Spartans, who were the descendants of the Dorian conquerors, and the nobles of the kingdom, holding in their own hands the entire political power; second, the free inhabitants of the country towns and villages;

these were citizens in a certain sense they fought in war as heavy armed troops, but were not subjected to the military training required of the Spartans;

third, the Helots, or slave population, who cultivated the farms of their Spartan masters, and as a rent, paid one-half of all they produced.

The Helots were at first few in number, but after the Messenian wars they became the most numerous class in the state.

From this time the Spartans feared them, and employed every means in their power to debase and weaken them.

Among other things, they were required to wear a peculiar kind of dress by which they were known wherever found.

The growing weakness of the crown alarmed the Spartans.

About the year 850 B. C, Lycurgus, a member of the royal family, though not in the direct line of descent, who had spent many years traveling in foreign lands, observing their manner of government, customs and habits, prepared a code of laws.

This code, while ostensibly intended for the benefit of the whole nation, was in reality designed to enhance the interests and strengthen the hands of the Spartans, at the time about nine thousand in number, and was adopted only after severe opposition.

It tended to unite the Spartans in the strongest ties, and to enable them to preserve their ascendancy as they had won it—by the sword.

To do this it subjected them to a discipline which, for sternness and rigor, is without a parallel in the history of any people.

Every child born in Sparta was examined publicly, and if found deformed, was exposed to perish on Mount Taygetus.

At the age of seven, the male children were taken from their parents, and placed in charge of officers appointed by the state.

Each child was trained in all kinds of gymnastic exercises, and in all the maneuvres required of Spartan troops in the field.

He was also required to engage in hunting, and to endure hardship and privation without repining. His courage was still further tested by a severe scourging received at the altar of Artemis, where many a youth died under the lash, without a murmur.

He was required to wear the same clothing winter and summer.

His meals, which consisted of the scantiest fare, were taken at

4 8 THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

the public table, and he slept with his comrades in the public buildings.

What is still more singular, after a certain age, he was allowed no food except that which he could steal without detection; and if caught in the theft he was punished severely.

Though he was taught in letters and music, he despised literature and philosophy.

They expressed their ideas with sententious brevity, and long speeches were their abhorrence.

Their songs were mostly hymns to the gods, or legends of former heroes.

Upon arriving at the age of manhood, the Spartan had but a slight release from his severe discipline.

He still ate at the public messes and slept in the public barracks.

He was required to marry at the age of thirty, and was punished if he failed to do so; and though married, he enjoyed no private life, since this was a privilege enjoyed by those only who were sixty years of age and upwards, when they were freed from their obligations of service to the state. Before that time their occupation consisted of military duties or hunting.

Girls also were required to engage in gymnastic exercises, that they might become healthy and robust, and give to Sparta vigorous sons.

They married when twenty years old, and though deprived almost entirely of their husband's society, they enjoyed greater freedom and respect than in any other of the Grecian states.

Cowardice was by them held in the greatest contempt, while gallant conduct met their warmest praise.

"Return with your shield or upon it,"was their exhortation to their sons when going to battle.

This trait in their characters is forcibly illustrated in the life of Pausanius, a great Spartan general, who in the war with the Persians, favored the enemy;

his guilt being discovered, he fled into the temple of Minerva to escape popular vengeance, where his indignant mother, unable to tolerate his act of treason, brought the first stone to wall up the entrance, and the populace completed the work; he being unable to escape, starved to death in the temple.

It is a remarkable fact that, notwithstanding the life of rigor and hardship which the Spartans led, they were exceedingly polite and courteous; parents were held in the greatest esteem, and old age was universally venerated.

In this respect, as well as in many others, the Spartan youths were models for us, notwithstanding their fierce life as compared with ours.

Zechariah Ballantyne.

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

Blunders are blessings in disguise.

Of course, there are times when blunders may be attended with disastrous results;

still, while it requires an unusually philosophical and repentant frame of mind to take this favorable view of our errors, nevertheless, it may be set down as a truism, that blunders are blessings in disguise. And for this reason:

No amount of theoretical reasoning, and no amount of reflection on the experience of others has yet had the effect of making persons pursue any other than the course that suits them best.

It is not to be presumed that everyone is not sometimes right, nor that everyone is not sometimes wrong.

One will always find it a matter of difficulty to make another see that he is wrong, however conspicuous that wrong may be, unless his interests are so manifestly effected that he is compelled to see his error.

It is not right that man should always be wrong, yet his proneness in that direction is so proverbial that, were it not for the kindly intervention of natural circumstances, brought about so mysteriously that it is difficult to trace their source, one might almost despair of the world ever getting right.

And thus it is, that when a man has just gone far enough in the wrong direction, he trips, and then learns that he has made a big, bouncing

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

blunder.

He feels sore;

his figurative bones fairly ache with the force of his fall but he learns to pursue a different course.

If he be but half as wise as he should be, his blunder will prove of incomparable value to him—hence the blessings.

Moreover blunders give evidence of character.

The most successful men, in nine cases out of ten, are those who have been guilty of the most and the greatest blunders.

To the shrewd and successful man, every blunder is fraught with a deep and lasting lesson, a lesson from which he gleans wisdom, wisdom which has been applied, an application from which he has reaped immediate, and will reap future benefits.

It has been of benefit because it has taught him to avoid committing a like blunder again.

Blunders give evidence of character, for the reason that a man of character never succumbs to them.

To such a man, every blunder is an additional round in the ladder by which he ascends to wealth and position;

while the person who does not profit by his mistakes, who cannot rise above them, falls to rise no more of his own 'power, and in the eternal fitness of things, is lost.

In the different effects blunders have upon different individuals, is found the evidence of character.

The most permanent and influential reputations have been acquired by the exhibitor of tact in turning his blunders to profit, and thus turned, they give a character and credit to men and to institutions such as can be secured in no other way.

The University of Deserethas not been without its experience in making mistakes,.and in the posssssion of a reputation for rising above and profitting by its blunders, is the institution already reaping the rewards, which are the portion of those fortunate enough to enjoy such a reputation.

It is not a creature of circumstance;

it has a character which it lias acquired as the result of years of study and intelligent progress, and it wields an influence in proportion to the liigh character it has attained.

The University, after having been conducted as a commercial college for a period, was to be transformed into a college of the general order.

Dr. Park had been called, and without a moment's intimation, was told to assume control, and instructed by the Chancellor and Board of Regents to re-organize the institution on the college plan.

He was given two weeks in which to mature a plan, perfect all the arrangements, and commence operations on the new basis.

The change was effected;

but it was precipitate.

It did not allow sufficient time for the consideration of many questions that would otherwise have arisen.

The change had become necessary, and while, in order to accommodate the existing requirements, it must have been thorough and complete, the one adopted was too radical.

The catalogue of the University, for the academic year of 1870-71, advertised the institution to give three courses—a classical, a scientific and a normal.

The classical was sub-divided yito freshman, sophomore, junior and senior years, the studies being of a character similar to those to be found in the colleges generally of that period.

The scientific course required three years study.

In the normal course the studies were the same as those taught in the scientific, excepting that a series of lectures were given in addition to the studies, which related to the theory and practice of teaching.

Outlines of the several lectures were published in the catalogue, and these embrace so much matter, are so thorough, and so comprehensive, that it is a debatable question if a more exhaustive basis for a series of lectures on the subject stated, could be laid down now, after eleven years of rapid progress.

The school was at once preparatory and final, as well as a normal college.

In addition to the departments mentioned above, was another called the "Model School."

The catalogue says, "The original design of the Model School was to afford the means of exhibiting the best methods of teaching, discipline and classification, in connection with the normal department of the University, illustrating practically the principles taught, and giving an opportunity to normal students for obser-

5° THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

vation."This continued to be a primary object as long as the Model School had an existence as such.

It was also held in the light of, and so employed, as a preparatory school, and consisted of three departments: "A primary, an intermediate, and an academic, which, if followed closely through successive grades, offer an opportunity for the most economical, judicious and profitable expenditure of time and application in study."Still extracting from the circular:

"Enough time and effort, it is believed, are usually spent by those attending our schools, in desultory and consequently almost profitless study, that, if wisely disposed and directed, would enable them to reach a respectable degree of education.

It is recommended, therefore, that all who enter the school, pursue regularly and fully the course here laid down, which, though it may not be completed by them, will still result in their greatest improvement."Thus we have a primary, an intermediate, an academic, a classical, a scientific and a normal department;

in other words, the whole range of school and college education was practically embraced in the University of Deseret at that date, though the three lower grades were really conducted as adjuncts.

This much time has been devoted to the

University, as it existed in 1870-71, because of the magnitude of the undertaktaking—an undertaking which would hardly be attempted anywhere in this day with any reasonable hope of permanent success, and which would naturally be a failure in 1870-71.

The circular regarding this mammoth institution, was not a mere advertisement; every effort was made to secure the success of the enterprise.

The array of professors was equal to that of many colleges even at this day.

The faculty and board of instruction embraced the following well known persons:

John R.

Park, M.D., president and professor of natural history; Orson Pratt, Sen., A.M., professor of mathematics, astronomy and moral science; Karl G. Maeser, professor of ancient languages and German;

F. D. Benedict, M.D., professor of chemistry;

J. L. Rawlins, assistant professor of mathematics; Geo.

Careless, professor of vocal and instrumental music;

Dan Weggeland, instructor in drawing;

Miss Ida I. Cook, instructor in academic department; M. H. Hardy, principal of intermediate department and instructor in phonography; Miss Mary E.

Cook, principal of primary department; Miss Seraph C. Young, Miss Dora Wilcken, and Mrs. Mildred E. Randall, assistants in primary department.

The college began operations under the most auspicious circumstances.

It had an array of talent in its professors equal to any institution that could possibly have been required for years;

it was supported by an almost enthusiastic public;

it supplied a want that existed and was keenly felt at that time, and supplied a great deal more it had a remarkable scholarship, the attendance in the several departments aggregating five hundred and eighty pupils;

and still, with all these encouraging features, it could not survive in that condition.

Of all the mistakes of the University,this was the greatest and its history in this regard, aptly illustrates the fact that all premature enterprises, however worthy, and be their prospects ever so bright, are certain to fail of the object intended.

It is not unfrequently the case that, instead of being beneficial in their results, such premature enterprises bring in- the wake of their failure a train of ills, from which it is oftentimes impossible to recover.

While the basis on which the University was organized and put in operation in 1869, was premature for that day, and the conditions as they then existed, as it would be even now, nevertheless it was not attended with fatal results.

It was controlled by Dr. J. R. Park until September, 1 87 1, when that gentleman was sent to Europe, remaining abroad almost one year.

During his absence the college continued in operation until the close of the academic year, in June, 1872,

It had been ascertained by Dr.

Park, soon after the commencement on the college basis, that the plan was impracticable, and therefore the work of training the school to the actual requirements

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

5i was commenced.

As soon as it became evident that a certain branch was unnecessary, that branch was discontinued,and by this process the institution was steadily reduced in proportions,until it reached a position where it could be conducted satisfactorily and permanently.

With the experience and wisdom of eleven years to aid us, we can readily perceive that the conditions in would not justify such an undertaking;

it was more than the conditions to-day, with the steady and rapid progress that has been made, would justify.

But the University was a state institution and therefore the reputation of the state was to an extent affected by its condition.

The circular had been issued for 1873, and it was not until November that the

University was re-opened, instead of which, it should have commenced in August, four months earlier.

The model school was discontinued as an adjunct of the University; the college plan was abandoned as impracticable, as in advance of the requirements then existing, and the institution lowered to a much humbler position, but to which every person and everything must come, before a reasonable hope of permanent success can be entertained.

When re-opened, it was on such a basis as, while it filled the demands that did exist, by furnishing an institution to which persons could look for competent teachers, and in which young men and women, ambitious to acquire more advanced educational attainments, could gratify their laudable desires, did not offer any superfluous inducements or assume a condition of things, and a want that had no existence.

Its object was to fill every need, and no more, until circumstances in the natural progress of events required more.

It was, in other words, re-constructed on what might be termed the sliding basis.

If the advancement of the Territory, educationally, did not justify a certain class of studies, or if the students had not, as a whole, been educated up to the standard prescribed by the faculty of the University, the standard was lowered until the student could just reach it.

This point, once attained, the standard was gradually and consistently raised, always keeping within the reach of the scholars, and yet sufficiently beyond as to require some exertion on their part to attain to it.

By this means the University has kept the standard of education in Utah, on the ascendancy, but so near the masses that it is within their grasp if they desire to reach it;

it has supplied every exigency while increasing the depth and breadth of that exigency;

it has been at once the tangible end, and the aspiring hope—the end to which all can attain;

and the hope to which all could reasonably aspire.

Figuratively speaking, the standard has been, and still is the educational Will-o'-the-Wisp. No sooner have the educational interests of the Territory advanced to a point where they can almost place their hands upon it, than it flits ahead, and the chase must be begun anew, and yet it is always so close that itself is the incentive which urges to the chase again.

That the University has now attained a foothold, which can only be shaken by the most unnatural and unlooked for circumstances, will be shown in another number.

R.

IV. Sloan.

Run if you like, but try to keep your breath

Work like a man, but don't be worked to death.

Holmes.

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

11.

NEHOR.

Will our readers kindly take a leap with us adown the stream of time, of somewhat over four hundred years, or from the days of Sherem to those of Nehor.

During these four hundred years the well favored branch of the house of Israel planted on this western continent had taken root, blossomed and

HISTORIAN'S OFFICE Church ifJesus Christ of Latltr-day Sahu

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

borne much fruit.

The Nephites, from a mere handful, had grown to be a numerous, a wealthy and a happy people.

They were governed by just and liberal laws, righteously administered;

the noble, talented, and God-zealous Alma being their first Chief Judge.

Though possessing such numerous blessings, some of the Nephites were not wholly at ease.

They desired a license to do what was right in their own eyes in a way, which neither the purity of the Gospel nor the rigid requirements of the law of Moses would permit.

It was not enough that they were free from the attacks of foreign foes—as none were strong enough to overcome them;

that they were effectually guarded in their personal liberties, had a voice in the affairs of the commonwealth, and were ruled by men inspired of God.

The restless, the weak minded, the depraved, and their ilk, wanted something new, something different to the established order, by which they could please the world, gratify the flesh, and pacify the devil, and at the same time soothe their consciences with the idea that their course was the one that would bring them out right at last.

To such the appearance and teaching of Nehor assumed the guise of a welcome, much needed revelation;

it was exactly what they wanted, just what suited their morals and their fears.

Could our readers take a glimpse at the fair capital of the Nephites, at that time (B. C. 91) already rich in the awards of human industry, combined with the lavish productions of nature in that much favored land, they might have noticed in the principal street a portly, handsome man, manifesting in his carriage the evidences of great bodily strength, combined with vanity, self-sufficiency and subtlety.

They might observe that his raiment is made of the finest fabrics that the looms of Zarahemla could produce, lavishly embroidered and ornamented with the labors of the cunning workman in silk, in feathers and the precious metals, whilst at his side hangs a richly decorated sword.

This man is no king, no governor, no general of the armies of Israel, he is simply Nehor, the successful religious charlatan of the hour, to whom the unstable listen and the weakminded flock.

Nehor's teachings had at any rate the interest of novelty to the Nephites, yet some of his theories were older than Idumea.

They had been rejected in the counsels of heaven before Lucifer, the son of the morning, fell.

He would save all men in their sins and with their sins;

he abolished hell, established a paid order of priests, and taught doctrines so liberal that every man could be a member of his church and yet continue to gratify every vice, every passion his nature inclined to.

For this liberality of doctrine, Nehor expected in return liberality of support for himself and assistants, in which expectation, unfortunately, he was not disappointed.

Many adopted his heresies;

his success fired his zeal, and developed his vaingloriousness.

He was so used to the sycophancy of his converts that he was restive under contradiction, and when one day an aged patriot and teacher in the true church, named Gideon, met him in the streets of Zarahemla, and upbraided him for his wicked course, neither respecting his great age nor his many virtues, Nehor drew his sword and smote him till he died.

For this wilful and unprovoked crime, the murderer was tried, convicted, and afterwards executed.

His execution took place on the hill Manti, and from the way in which his death is spoken of, we imagine he was hung.

Though Nehor's shameful life was thus prematurely ended, unfortunately his heresy did not die with him.

It was too grateful to those who desired to gain heaven by a life of sin or pleasure, and consequently spread through the teachings of those who had made the dissemination of his doctrines the business of their lives.

In later years the traitorous Amlicites, the apostate Amalekites, the bloodthirsty Amulonites and Ammonihahites, were all controlled by the priestcraft after the order of Nehor and were believers in his soul-destroying doctrines.

The blood shed, the misery produced, the treasure expended through the wick-

ANACREON.

edness and folly of these base creatures, cannot be computed.

The Book of Mormon thus summarizes Nehor's leading doctrines:

He preached "that every priest and teacher ought to become popular;

and they ought not to labor with their hands, but they ought to be supported by the people «- « \}^2X all mankind should be saved at the last day, and that they need not fear nor tremble, but that they might lift up their heads and rejoice;

for the Lord had created all men, and had also redeemed all men;

and in the end all men should have eternal life."* Still further light is thrown on his peculiar dogmas in the discussions that took place in the apostate city of Ammonihah, between Alma and Amulek on one side, and the members of the order of Nehors on the other, as recorded in the Book of

Alma, chapters eight to fourteen.

R.

* Book of Alma, chapter i, verses 3 and 4.

ANACREON.

There are few characters more interesting to the classical student, than the merry fellow whose name adorns the head of this paper.

Other names more distinguished are often encountered in his researches, as Socrates, Plato and Aristotle, those mighty intellects of the ancient world; but there is a charm, a freshness, a fascination in the sound of Anacreon's name, which calls up pleasant visions of roses, and gardens, and gladsome spirits, which none of the others have power to do.

The reason for this is to be found as much in his choice of subjects—the praise of fruits and wines and beauty—as in the flow of buoyant and careless spirits he always exhibits in his writings.

In this particular he was never surpassed by any of his countrymen, and Horace, five hundred years later, could not equal him in gaiety, though he excelled him in philosophy.

The accounts of Anacreon are meagre and confused to an extent highly provoking; chasms of twenty or thirty years of the poet's life are to be bridged by the imagination as best they may, and even then it is doubtful whether our surmisings have real foundation.

The following are the main incidents withwhich we are acquainted.

Anacreon was born in the small city of

Teos, in Ionia, about B.

C.

His father's name and social status are matters of uncertainty, as well as the poet's own residence during his youth.

This period of his life, however, appears to have been spent in his native city, from whence he perhaps removed to Abder2, when Teos was taken by Harpagus, the general of Cyrus, B.

C.

540.

At this same time he seems to have been known to Polycrates, the tyrant of Samos, for when the latter had obtained unlimited control over that city, he invited Anacreon to come to Samos and be his friend and instructor.

Thus early had the Teran bard acquired fame and popularity.

Anacreon visited the court of Polycrate's, according to the latter's desire, and spent many years with him in intercourse of a most familiar nature.

He appears to have been just and upright in his business relations, and to have gained the confidence and esteem of all the city.

He remained in Samos until the murder of his patron, in B. C, when he was invited by the despot, Hipparchus, to live in Athens.

Here he extended his circle of acquaintance, and became known to the poet Simonides, and other writers of distinction.

When Hipparchus was assassinated, in B.C., it appears that Anacreon returned to Teos, to spend the remainder of his days.

He died at the age of eighty-five years, about 478 B. C, but the time and place of his death are uncertain.

It was occasioned, some say, by a dried grape which choked him, but the account has always been regarded as a poetical fiction.

Simonides wrote two epitaphs upon him, one of which states that he was buried at

Teos.

Other writers, however, give it

ANACREON.

as a tradition that after his return home, he fled again to Abdera on account of the internal dissensions of his native city.

Which report is right will probably never be known.

The character of Anacreon, like that of many celebrated men, has been constantly misapprehended. Inconsequence of the themes upon which he sung, he has been often regarded as a most consummate voluptuary.

The warm outpourings of his poetic nature, have been held as the streams of a licentious imagination, and the most delicate and fanciful of his images, as the ever-present thoughts of a profligate debauchee. The best minds of that day, however, considered his residence at the Court of Polycrates as the most distinguished favor that fortune ever bestowed upon that tyrant.

Anacreon was the "lion"of the city; "nobles to do him honor took delight:"yet he never used their influence for self- aggrandisement, and even refused the magnificent presents Polycrates would have showered upon him, declaring they were not worth the keeping.

True to his early love, the lyric muse, he scorned all offers of bribery or corruption, and contented himself with the fervid thoughts and images, his glowing fancy inspired.

"He touched his harp and nations heard entranced;"at least all Greece did, which was all the world to him.

Commentators and translators have perverted and misconstrued his meaning;

but Anacreon never transgressed the bounds which every cultivated mind allows to poets of a warm and luxuriant imagination.

"There have always been persons unable to understand how a poet can sing of a drunken revelry, and yet be a sober man, and how the mere sight of the beautiful can raise enthusiasm.

All the writers of the best days of Greece, speak of Anacreon as a man, in the same high terms in which they record his praise as a poet; and a poet whom Plato calls the wise, was assuredly not a lover of licentiousness."It is forever to be regretted that the works of Anacreon have not come down to us entire.

The greater portion has been swept away by the lapse of two thousand four hundred years, and only fragments remain of what were once the delight of Greece.

Yet the few genuine fragments we do possess enable us to form some notion of the poet's genius, and to justify the unbounded admiration which hailed the originals.

From youth to age he ever sung in delightful variety, the praises of love, wine and beauty.

Whether it was in the character of the passionate lover, or the hale and joyous old man, he always brought the same cheerful spirit, the same sunshiny, mirthloving disposition.

Simonides says that his whole life breathed the Graces, Bacchus and Love.

His songs, long after his death, were collected into five books, and in the time of Plutarch, were sung on joyous and festive occasions to tunes which the poet himself composed.

All his works were written in the Ionic dialect.

In addition to the fragments we possess, there is a collection of fifty-five odes, which have been sometimes published as the productions of Anacreon.

They were first brought to light in Paris, in 1554, by Henry Stephens, who copied them, as he says, from two manuscripts, which no one else had seen.

These poems are dainty little love songs, but all the great critics agree, from internal evidence, that they were not written by Anacreon, and that some of them were composed as late as the fourth and fifth centuries.

The following reasons are given for not attributing them to Anacreon:

First: The genuine poems were full of allusions to circumstances and persons around him, while the odes of Stephens'collection contain nothing that suggests the circumstances of the author's life; they more resemble modern poems, written in the closet, than the ancient Greek lyrics.

Second: They contain ideas foreign to the age of Anacreon, as in representing Eros, the god of Love, as a wanton and mischievous boy; while down to the age of Alexander, he was always described as a full-grown youth.

Third: The language in some of the odes is barbarous, the versification faulty, and the sentiments trivial.

These, and some other considerations, are sufficient to

EVERY TIME;

OR, I SHAN'T PLAY.

stamp the odes published by Stephens as spurious.

From all this it appears that Anacreon was a man popular, beloved, admired.

His songs were approved by his countrymen to such an extent, that many sought reputation by trying to imitate them.

His fellow-citizens of Teos honored him by stamping their coins with his full figure.

The doctrine of enjoying the present moment at the expense of the future, was one he embraced in common with many of the great but darkened minds of antiquity.

This must be attributed to the ignorance of his age, which had not yet been enlightened by those rays of truth, which, five hundred years later chased away the darkness of heathenism.

"There is in his poetry such gracefulness and simplicity, such a lively humor, and easy playfulness, as render it inimitable, and have made him a universal favorite."The sixth ode, or as it is called, Anacreon's Dove, was much admired by Dr. Samuel Johnson, who, while dictating a translation of it to Mrs.

Thrale, said:

"As I never was much struck with anything in the Greek language till I read that, so I never read anything in the same language since, that pleased me as much."The two cdes, of which we give our own translation, are perhaps as characteristic as any of the fragments that remain.

We have attempted to give the spirit and the meaning of each;

the beauty of the original diction we cannot imitate.

These two odes—the fourth and seventh—are written upon himself, and appear to have been composed at different periods of life.

The first is as follows:

ON HIMSELF.

spread the tender myrtle blooms,

And lotus leaves with rich perfumes, 1 wish to quaff the sparkling wine,

As there my glowing limbs recline.

Let Cupid fold his golden vest,

About his waist, with cinctures prest,

And serve me as I softly lie, Beneath the blue and cloudless sky.

For life, revolving, runs its way,

Just as the chariot wheel to-day;

And when we fall—as fall we must, 'Tis to a little heap of dust.

Then why anoint the sculptured stone,

Or heap up gifts to dust alone?

Me, rather honor while ye may,

And deck my head with roses gay;

And call Cythera, in whose arms

I'll think of naught but pleasure's charms.

Before, O Cupid, I may go To Hades'choral bands below, I wish my thoughts and cares to roll

And drown them in the reeking bowl.

The next shows Anacreon in old age, and exhibits the full compass of his philosophy.

ON HIMSELF.

The women tell me every day, My youth and bloom have passed away;

That time has swept Anacreon's brow,

And left him old and feeble now.

"Go see thyself,"they, laughing say, "Reflected in the mirror's ray!

Thy locks have left thy forehead bare,

And naught but baldness glistens there!"

Whether my locks have ceased to grow,

I'm sure I neither care nor know;

But this I know—and this I feel

As nearer to the grave I steal;

That sport and pleasure give me more

Of joy than e'er they did before.

Beftpo.

EVERY TIME;

OR, I SHAN'T PLAY.

It was haying time, in the early part of August, not many years ago.

The boys and men of the little village were busily engaged in the fields mowing grass; some were manipulating the hay rake, guiding the steadiest horse in a way to gather all the grass that had been felled by the mowers, whose sounds could be heard all around, reminding one of the hum of bees gathering honey;

some were pitching the hay into little piles previous to hauling; here and there could be seen a wagon being loaded with hay;

and if the reader had wandered among the workmen, he would have noticed a number of boys_ making time as

EVERY TIME;

OR, I SHAN'T PLAY.

long as consistent, around and in the shade of the wagon, where it was pleasant to stretch on the stubbles of the meadow and drink from the little keg that had been filled in the cold spring creek early in the morning;

or, one might have seen them gathered at the spring near the willow trees, where they assembled from different fields and excused their lingering by philosophizing, like older heads, on the prospects for a rich harvest, and the abundance of grass and hay.

But no one could help noticing the careful, anxious look that each youth cast to the village, lying in the distance, as they dispersed and departed for their places of labor.

It was Saturday, and it was customary to let the boys have the afternoons of Saturdays to themselves;

which they generally spent in playing "rounders,"or base ball on the spacious square in the centre of the town.

Slowly the sun seemed to glide toward the zenith, and as slowly crept the shadow over the east end of the old rock schoolhouse, now half covering it.

This was the sign of noon.

The boys were not long in noticing it;

the first boy who saw it, raised a shout which was soon caught up by the others and sounded from field to field, until the hills, as if joining in with pleasure, reverberated a joyful echo.

The hand rakes were laid aside;

the horses unhitched, watered and fed;

the pitchfork was left standing in the unfinished "pile,"and all wended their way to the shade of the willow tree or wagon for a meal.

We know, now, what those youths at the spring had so anxiously watched for:

it was, of course, the shadow on the old rock schoolhouse, which was the signal for the scenes just described, and for their "half day off."The boys finished their dinner unusually fast that day, were soon together on their way to town, their thoughts filled with "rounders"and base ball, and their arguments drifting on who was the best "catcher,""batter,""short-stop,"and so on.

They did not stop except when they arrived at the clear spring creek where, either from custom or thirst, they all threw themselves down to smack their lips in the cooling waters.

No hindrances were in the road, except where they must go "single file"over the dangling poles across the little creeks on their way.

At one of these a boy of our company fell in;

the result was a shout from the others and a turning of the conversation from ball to walking on poles, which, however, did not last long, for they were now in town.

It was not always the case, in those days, that each boy had a baseball of his own, and for this reason the party who^ was lucky enough to possess one, was respected in fact, he was looked upon as we are in the habit of looking upon an aristocrat or a sovereign, who is able to turn the course of affairs his own way to a great extent.

"Sides"were soon chosen, and the leaders of each "side"were "throwing up"to ascertain who should take the bat.

It so happened that Henry Barnes, who was the owner of the ball, was chosen on the "outside.""Now, if I can't have my 'innings,'I shan't play, I'll just take my ball and go,"whined Henry, when he saw it was his turn to chase.

The result was, they had to "choose over,"with which proceeding, naturally enough, some of the boys found fault. But these were admonished by the more discreet, who would rather have their own rights disregarded than delay the procedure of the game:

"Never mind, it will soon be our turn; you know he wont play unless he has his own way."

After some wrangling, Barnes was at the bat, but he was caught out in making a foul strike.

"Now, that ain't fair, if you can't act right, I shan't play,"said Henry, as he threw himself down on the short grass.

"Let him try again,"said three or four voices.

He tried, and was successful in reaching the first base.

They now began to think of having a good game; but soon something went wrong with Barnes, and every time this was the case, the well known "I shan't play"came from him to the disgust of all the others.

To be short about it he spoiled the game.

The sun was rapidly n earing the west

THE DEATH OF THE FLOWERS.

ern hills, the cow herds wound slowly toward the town, and it was time the boys take charge of the calves and attend to other duties around home, stopping their play for another long week.

"Whatastory,"says the reader. Well,

I have no excuse for offering it, simply wishing to call attention to the fact that just such characters are found among ^he older boys and among the men, everywhere.

Thanks to goodness they are in the minority I have seen this story repeated in the young man, who has grown to be of some service to his parents, who will not do a favor for his father or his mother without being teased, thanked and rewarded;

I have seen this story repeated in the young girl, who never has a pleasant word for mother, unless she has her own way in all things I have seen it repeated in the man who has become of some service to the public, and is always telling how little he gets for it, and that he is soon going to quit and let the world see how it can get along without him;

I have seen it repeated in the man, who, through some chance has done a favor, and is ever repeating how.this has never been extended back to him by the favored party.

And in all cases, the same ending is the inevitable result;

in other words, they are left on the square with their playthings, while their companions go about their own business, eventually rising above these "I-shan't-play"people, out-doing them in all the things of life; just as the boys left Henry to amuse himself with his bat and ball, while they attended to milking the cows, and to housing the calves, each one determining to have a ball of his own next Saturday to show Henry Barnes they could do without him.

E. H. Anderson.

THE DEATH OF The melancholy days are come, the saddest of the year, Of wailing winds, and naked woods, and meadows brown and sear.

Heaped in the hollows of the grove, the autumn leaves lie dead;

They rustle to the eddying gust, and to the rabbit's tread.

The robin and the wren are flown, and from the shrubs the jay, And from the wood-top calls the crow, through all the gloomy day.

Where are the flowers, the fair young flowers, that lately sprang and stood In brighter light and softer airs a beauteous sisterhood?

Alas!

they all are in their graves, the gentle race of flowers Are lying in their lowly beds with the fair and good of ours.

The rain is falling where they lie;

but the cold November rain Calls not from out the gloomy earth, the lovely ones again.

The wind flower and the violet, they perished long ago, And the brier-rose and the orchis died, amid the summer glow;

Rut on the hill the golden rod, and the aster in the wood, THE FLOWERS.

And the yellow sunflower by the brook in autumn beauty stood, Till fell the frost from the clear cold heaven, as falls the plague on men, And the brightness of their smile was gone, from upland, glade, and glen.

And now, when comes the calm mild day, as still such days will come.

To call the squirrel and the bee from out their winter home;

When the sound of dropping nuts is heard, though all the trees are still,

And twinkle in the smoky light the waters of the rill, The south wind searches for the flowers, whose fragrance late he bore, And sighs to find them in the wood and by the stream no more.

And then I think of one, who in her youthful beauty died, The fair meek blossom that grew up and faded by my side;

In the cold moist earth we laid her, when the forests cast their leaf, And we wept that one so lovely should have a life so brief;

Yet not unmeet it wa#that one, like that young friend cf ours, So gentle and so beautiful, should perish with the flowers.

Bryant.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, November, 1880.

THE CONFERENCE.

The Fiftieth Semi-Annual Conference, which convened October 6, 1880, and was continued until Sunday 10th, was one long to be remembered by the

Latter-day Saints;

as well for the varied and excellent instructions given, as for the important business transacted.

The meetings were largely attended, the people coming from all parts of the Territory in great numbers.

The interest in the meetings, which continued for five days, was unabated to the last.

On Saturday evening, at a meeting of the Priesthood, in the Assembly Hall, instructions were read upon the organization and duties of the Priesthood, in continuation of the same subject, commenced on the previous evening.

At the conclusion of these instructions Elder Orson Pratt, announced the action of the Apostles, taken that afternoon, in nominating Apostle John Taylor to be President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,and Apostles George

Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith, to be his counselors.

Also that Apostle Wilford Woodruff had been chosen

President of the quorum of Twelve Apostles, and Francis Marion Lyman and John Henry Smith, to be members of that quorum, in the places vacated by the brethren called to the First Presidency.

The action of the Apostles, in thus organizing again the First Presidency of the Church, was unanimously sustained by the vote of the Priesthood assembled, and it was announced that on the following day the nominations would be presented to the assembled congregation of Israel, in the large Tabernacle.

Sunday afternoon, October 10, the immense building was filled to its utmost capacity, by the various quorums of the

Priesthood seated in order, and by an interested congregation numbering several thousands.

The meeting was called to order by President John Taylor.

Choir sang:

"O God, our help in ages past*'in the most impressive manner.

Elder Albert Carrington offered the opening prayer.

Choir sang:

"O God the Eternal Father."Elder Orson Pratt, who is the only remaining member of the original Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, then presented the authorities of the Church to the Conference, who were voted for unanimously by the orders of the Priesthood, each quorum according to its respective rank, and afterwards the whole congregation, rising to their feet with uplifted hands to heaven.

This solemn scene will live forever in the memory of all who witnessed it.

John Taylor was sustained as Prophet, Seer and Revelator and President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in all the world.

George Q.

Cannon as First Counselor and Joseph F.

Smith as Second Counselor in the

First Presidency.

Wilford Woodruff as President of the Twelve Apostles. The other members of the quorum were then sustained according to their order.

As Counselors to the Twelve, John W.

Young and Daniel H. Wells.

The names of Francis Marion Lyman* and John Henry Smith were then separately presented to be members of the Quorum of the Twelve, and were unanimously sustained.

All the other presiding officers were presented and sustained without change.

The new edition of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl of Great Price, were then presented for the acceptance of the Conference.

President Joseph F. Smith moved that the revelations in these books be received and accepted as revelations from God to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-

EDITORIAL.

day Saints, and to all the world.

The motion was seconded and sustained.

The congregation was addressed by Presidents Taylor and Woodruff, in an impressive manner, and the proceedings brought to a close by the adjournment of

Conference until April 6, 1881.

The choir and the vast congregation singing "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning."Benediction by President Joseph F.

Smith.

MISSIONARY APPOINTMENTS.

The brethren whose names were called at the young men's conference, October 6, have received their appointments and will make arrangements to fill them at the earliest opportunity.

The Territory has been divided into seven districts, and the appointments issued for two or more missionaries to each district.

In addition to the names called at the conference, a few others have been selected, while some of those, on account of other duties, have been excused.

The work of visiting all of the Associations in the Territory will probably go on without interruption during the fall and winter months.

We are of the opinion that a'great amount of good will result from this mission.

There is no field in the world that is more interesting and none in which a more earnest response will greet the intelligent efforts of those called to the labor of preaching and instruction.

If the young brethren now called will take up the work in the proper spirit and carry it on as instructed, they will have joy in their labors, and success will crown their efforts.

They will see, in consequence of their visiting, renewed interest in the work of mutual improvement.

Officers of Associations will be encouraged and strengthened.

The members will enter upon their duties with renewed energy;

while many who have not yet identified themselves with the organization will be drawn into it, and will reap the benefits to be derived from instructive meetings, conducted on a progressive systematic plan, that cannot fail to advance all the members, and to do an educational work among them that nothing else could do.

There is no feature of this missionary labor that is more gratifying than the system it will introduce.

While care is taken to not disorganize or to abruptly introduce any changes in the

Associations, that have adopted and are pursuing some intelligent plan, to those which are deficient in these respects suggestions will be made, which, if promptly carried out, will at once place those Associations on a permanent footing, with a clear course marked out before them that will greatly facilitate their work and make their progress more sure and satisfactory.

The districts in their order, with the approximate number of Associations in each, and the assignments of missionaries so far as made are as follows: No.

1. Bear Lake and Cache Stakes:

forty Associations; Junius F. Wells and John T.

Caine, Jr.

No.

2. Box Elder and Weber Stakes:

thirty-five Associations;

B.

F. Cummings, Jr.

and Edward H.

Anderson.

No.

3. Davis, Morgan, Summit and Wasatch Stakes:

thirty-five Associations;

Leonard G.

Hardy and Thomas J. Steed.

Juab and Millard Stakes:

thirty-five Associations;

John W.

Taylor and Joseph A. West. No. 5.

Sanpete, Sevier, Panguitch and Kanab Stakes:

thirtyfive Associations;

George C. Lambert and Rodney C. Badger.

Parowan and St. George Stakes: twentyfive Associations; William S. Burton and

Moroni Snow.

Salt Lake Stake:

thirty-five Associations;

Milton H.

Hardy, J. F. Wells and Royal B. Young.

The letters of appointment and instructions to these brethren are as follows:

CERTIFICATE OF APPOINTMENT.

This is to certify that Elder has been duly called and appointed by us to labor as a missionary among the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, in company with Elder in the following Stakes of Zion:

with instructions to aid the Stake Superintendents, whose co-operation is requested, in perfecting the organization, wherever necessary, in introducing sys-

6o EDITORIAL.

tematic exercises, encouraging the establishment of libraries and reading rooms, extending the circulation of the Contributor, and to preach, exhort, and labor with the youth as he may be led by the spirit of his mission.

We pray God to bless Elder in this mission, and we commend him to the hospitality and attention of the authorities of the Stakes and Wards he may visit, with a request that they aid him in the discharge of his duties, as time and circumstances may permit and require.

(Signed) INSTRUCTIONS.

Upon taking up your mission, which should be as soon as practicable, you will report to the Superintendents of the

Stakes you visit;

they, upon consulting with the Stake Presidencies, will appoint meetings for all of the Associations in their respective Stakes, and so far as practicable accompany you in your journey.

At your meetings, which will be of a general character, you will piesent the instructions of the General Superintendency, as they are published, and speak upon subjects relating to the mutual improvement of the young.

We recommend you to hold business meetings with the officers of each Association, and to instruct them in regard to keeping correct rolls, taking minutes, making reports, conducting exercises upon the progressive, systematic plan herein presented, and upon such details as you may discover them to be deficient in observing, that uniformity, so far as practicable, may be secured in the working of all Associations. We desire the young men to take up the study of the Scriptures and Church History, and proceed systematically in their researches.

We have examined the lists of subjects taken from the records, and prepared by Brother Milton H.

Hardy, and recommend their adoption to the Associations.

Complete lists of these subjects will appear, in their order, in the Contributor.

We here present an extract from each, which will give you an idea of their character, and supply you with an example to speak from:

BIBLE SUBJECTS.

Dispensation of Adam, period, B. C. (account;

Genesis, 1—v):

1. The Creation.

2. Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden.

3. The Fall.

4. Cain and Abel.

5. Enoch and the ten Patriarchs;

followed by the dispensations of Noah, Abraham, Moses, the Prophets, etc., in the same order.

BOOK OF MORMON SUBJECTS.

Dispensation of Nephi, period, B. C. (account in Books of Nephi):

1. Zedekiah, King of Judah.

2.

Lehi's Vision—his family—departure from Jerusalem and temporary home.

3. Return of Nephi and his brethren for Records.

4. Nephi's second journey to Jerusalem.

5.

Lehi's Third Vision, etc.; and so on through the record.

CHURCH HISTORY SUBJECTS.

First Period, Joseph Smith:

1. Ancestry and birth of the Prophet, 1805.

2. Joseph's First Vision. 1820.

3. Revelation of the Plates, 1823.

4. Possession of the Plates, 1827.

5. Exhibition of the Characters, etc., 1828.

6.

Conferring the Aaronic Priesthood, 1829.

7. The Three Witnesses of the Plates,

Testimony, 1829.

8. The Restoration of the Melchisedec

Priesthood, 1829;

etc., etc., through Church History.

These subjects may be presented as follows: A member should be assigned one of the subjects as:

The Creation, Lehi's Vision, or Birth of Joseph; and all of the members be instructed to read that portion of the Records relating to the subjects.

On the evening of the meeting,the member appointed will simply narrate in his own language the subject assigned him, with such references and quotations as he may be able to remember.

At the next meeting the succeeding subject on the list should be taken, and so on regularly, through the records.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

The Bible subjects should be rendered at every meeting, while the Book of Mormon and Church History may alternate.

A record of the number of subjects from each should be kept and reported.

Besides these exercises, we recommend the bearing of testimony in each meeting, not to consume all the time, but that a few minutes be so spent.

The Presidents should then vary the exercises by introducing essays, declamations, select readings, addresses, answering questions, etc., etc.

With these and the published instructions, we believe you will have sufficient matter to lay before the Associations and to occupy your time profitably to those you visit, we therefore pray the blessings of the Lord to attend your efforts in the interests of the youth.

Your brethren in the Gospel, IV.

Woodruff, Jos. F. Smith, Moses Thatcher.

General Superintendcncy Y. M. M. I A.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

The Fifth Semi-Annual Conference of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Wednesday evening, October 6th, 1880.

Present on the stand, of the General Superintendency, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith and Moses Thatcher Apostle George Q. Cannon, President Geo Teasdale, George Goddard and Junius F. Wells.

Meeting called to orderby the General

Superintendent.

Prayer by President George Teasdale.

Roll of Stakes called responded to by eleven representatives.

Elder George Q. Cannon expressed his pleasure at meeting with the young men and women of Zion.

He desired to say to the young men, that to succeed as Latter-day Saints, they must, in their youth, live the principles they profess.

Be Latter-day Saints in practice as well as in faith.

He urged the youth of both sexes to refrain from the indulgence of vicious appetites, saying, any person derives more pleasure from the restraint of appetites for smoking, drinking liquor, tea and coffee, etc., than from their indulgence.

I have found that true happiness can only be attained by living a righteous life.

Elder Moses Thatcher said:

I know of no field where intelligent missionary labor, guided by the Spirit of God, can be performed to better effect than among the youth of our people.

If we spent as much time and means to labor among them as we do among strangers in the world, the result, I am constrained to believe, would be of greater good than in the world.

But I have observed that many who are perfectly willing to go abroad on missions, to travel many miles to proclaim the truth to an infidel world, are averse to going a little'out of their way, to turn the steps of the youth at home from the paths of temptation.

If the children of the Saints have the same instruction that we give to the people of the world, without money or price,

I will venture to say that not one out of ten will turn from the truth, after once tasting the joys of a testimony.

Elder Wilford Woodruff bore testimony to the remarks already made.

The Lord raised up this work, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, who labored for its establishment and predicted many things, all of which thus far have been fulfilled, and there is no doubting the fact that all that remains will be, in due time.

I have witnessed the progress of this work for many years, and have gone through the trials and experiences of early times, and when I see this people to-day, numbering a hundred and fifty thousand, I see the hand of God among them.

I feel interested in the youth, because I look to them to bear off this work in triumph.

Many of the older authorities have passed away.

Joseph is gone, Brigham is gone, and others are

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

following.

When I think of the hardships they and many of us have passed through, traveling without purse or scrip—shouldering our knapsacks, leaving families and friends for the truth's sake, I sometimes am led to exclaim, Where O

God, are the children of the prophets, who have the stamina to shoulder the responsibility of the kingdom, and bear it off as their fathers have done Yet they are here, before and around me in the rising generation.

To them it will be given, and God will preserve among them those that will sustain his work.

I want to see the young men and women instructed aright.

We are responsible for this, and should do all in our power to train them in the principles of righteousness.

I would like to see the name of every young man in Israel enrolled in the Young Men's Associations, and every young lady a member of their Associations, that they may all be gaining intelligence, and learning of the things of

God.

I hope they will heed the counsels of their elders and avoid temptation.

This people were ordained before they were born to come forth in this generation and do the work they are doing.

I would rather not live another hour than to live so long that I should lose the fellowship of the Saints of God, or be estranged from the spirit of our religion.

I have an anxiety about these associations.

They are doing a good work in preparing young men for the field that is before them.

I was never called to perform a mission in my life but what

I was glad of it, after I got through, no matter what the circumstances were before going or while I was away. We have adopted some general instructions to the Associations, which

Brother Junius F. Wells will now read.

INSTRUCTIONS OJ the General Supcriniendency, to the Officers and Members of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations throughout the Church.

As the season for resuming your winter work is approaching, we deem it an opportune time to issue some general instructions in relation to the future working of the Associations, that will tend to systematize your efforts, and to revive and sustain a proper interest in the cause of Mutual Improvement among the young.

First:

In relation to Membership.

The Associations should be composed of young men, running to neither extreme as to their age.

Young ladies should not be admitted as members of these Associations;

they have an organization of their own, to which they should belong.

Where the Associations have admitted them in the past, in the approaching season they should erase their names from the rolls, that our organization may indeed be what it purports to be, according to the original instructions of President Young.

Meetings.—Each Association should, so far as practicable, commence to hold regular weekly meetings in the month of

October in each year, when officers should be chosen and sustained, and continue them until May, when a vacation may be taken until the following October.

At these meetings, which are for instruction, we desire to introduce systematic exercises, upon a plan that we have under consideration, and will make arrangements to present before the Associations during the present season.

Once a month the Associations should hold a conjoint meeting with the Young Ladies'Associations, at which a varied order of exercises may be rendered for the amusement and entertainment of the people invited to attend.

Quarterly Conferences of the Associations should be held in each Stake, at such times as the Stake authorities of the Priesthood may appoint.

At these conferences, reports from the several Associations should be given and the General and Stake officers sustained.

The Superintendents should inform the general officers of the times of their conferences, that the latter may attend them when convenient.

At the time of the semi-annual conferences of the Church, general meetings of the Associations will be called;

in October, to hear verbal reports and instructions, and in April to present the annual statistical report of the entire or-

ASSOCIA TION INTELLICENCE.

ganization. Stake Superintendents should send in their annual reports to the General

Secretary, on the blanks supplied, by the first of April of each year.

Whenever a change occurs in the office of president of any Association, the

Stake Superintendent should be notified, and whenever a vacancy occurs in the Stake superintendences, word should be sent to the general officers, that proper steps may be taken to preserve our Organization with effective officers at work in all its branches.

Libraries.—We have called to our assistance a Library Committee of three, to whom the secretary or librarian of each Association is requested to immediately report a list of all the books in their respective libraries.

The general supervision of the Association libraries, preparing lists of suitable books, arranging for their purchase and distribution, etc., will devolve upon this committee, whom all Associations should consult, when about to lay the foundations for libraries, or to purchase additional books for those already in existence.

Missionary Labor.—The inter-missionary labor of the Associations should be continued, as in the past; visitors from one Association attending the meetings of anothe-r each alternate week; not to occupy all the time in preaching, but to observe the exercises of the meeting, and to speak during the time usually allotted for testimony bearing, as they may be requested by the presidents. Appointments will issue from us, from time to time, of missionaries instructed to labor with the Associations, and to explain the general order of exercises we wish them to adopt.

Entertainments and Lectures.—We recommend the Associations to assume, wherever agreeable to the local authorities, the management of entertainments, the giving of concerts, dancing parties, etc.

All of these should be of a character in harmony with our work of Mutual

Improvement, and to reflect the progress of our Organization.

Public lectures upon timely and appropriate subjects, should be arranged for and given under the auspices of the Associations, at such times as may be convenient and agreeable, during the winter season.

The Contributor.—This magazine, as the organ of the Associations, should be sustained by them and the young people, its object being to reflect their progress and to record their improvement.

Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Superintendency of the

Y. M. M.

I. A.

Elder Thatcher then presented the general officers as follows, all of whom were unanimously sustained:

Wilford Woodruff, General Superintendent.

Joseph F.

Smith, Moses Thatcher, Counselors.

Junius F. Wells, Milton H. Hardy and

Rodney C. Badger, Assistants.

William S. Burton, Treasurer.

Heber J. Grant, Secretary.

Jeseph F. Smith, John R. Park and Joseph H. Felt, Library Committee.

The Contributor as the organ of the

Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual

Improvement Associations.

The following persons were called and sustained as missionaries to travel and labor with the Associations and to introduce systematic exercises among them:

Wm.

S. Burton, Heber J.

Grant, Milton H.

Hardy, Rodney C.

Badger, Joseph A. West, Edward H. Anderson,

Anson V. Call, Junius F. Wells, George

C. Lambert, B.

F. Cummings, Jr., John T. Caine, Jr., John W. Taylor.

After singing the doxology, the meeting was dismissed by Elder Joseph F.

Smith.

In answer to several inquiries, the following was published in the Deseret News, October 19, 1880:

From a number of communications which we have received from different persons, it seems desirable that we offer a few words further, in relation to Mutual

Improvement Associations.

Young ladies have an organization of their own, in which they should be enrolled.

Where the young men's associations have young ladies also on their rolls, we recommend that the names of

6 4 ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

the young ladies in each association be erased and placed on a roll by themselves.

Once a month the young men's and young ladies'associations might hold a conjoint meeting in each ward or district, at which a varied order of exercises might be rendered, for the entertainment, instruction and amusement of those who might attend, some experienced persons being of the opinion that greater good could be accomplished by the sexes holding three out of four of their meetings separately from each other.

However, there may be and doubtless are exceptions to this.

In some wards, the young men and young ladies belonging to one association, have been in the habit of holding all their meetings together, and have become attached to that method of organization, having their association interests united.

Where this is the case, the circumstances should be carefully considered, and no hasty or injudicious changes should be made.

But it would be well to have the names of the young ladies on separate rolls.

We do not desire to introduce any unnecessary rigid rules, nor to needlessly criticise the existing manner of organization.

We therefore wish it to be understood that we do not recommend the disorganization of any institution.

The general instructions for conducting these associations are published in the May number, Vol.

I, of the Contributor.

Wilford Woodruff, yoseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher, General Supertntendency Y. M. M.

I. A.

GOOD ADVICE.

George Francis Train recently gave the following advice to some college young men:

You want some good advice.

It has ruined many a man, but may not harm you, because you will not follow it:

"Rise early; be abstemious, be frugal;

attend to your own business and never trust it to another; be not afraid to work, and diligently, too, with your own hands;

treat every one with civrlity and respect good manners insure success; accomplish all you undertake decide, then persevere;

diligence and industry overcome all difficulties;

never be mean—rather give than take the odd shilling; never postpone till the morrow what can be done to-day;

never anticipate wealth from any source but labor; honesty is not only the best policy, but the only policy; commence at the first round and keep climbing; make your word as good as your bond; seek knowledge to plan enterprise to execute, honesty to govern all;

never trade beyond your stock;

never give too large credit;

time is money; make few promises; keep your secrets;

live within your income;

sobriety above all things; luck is a word that does not apply to a successful man; not too much caution—slow but sure is the thing;

the highest monuments are built piece by piece;

step by step we mount the pyramids; be bold—be resolute when the clouds gather;

difficulties are surmounted by opposition;

self confidence, self reliance is your capital; your conscience the best monitor; never be over sanguine, but don't underrate your own abilities;

don't be discouraged;

ninetynine may say no, the hundreth, yes; take off your coat, roll up your sleeves, don't be afraid of manual labor; America is large enough for all;

strike out for the west; the sea shore cities are too crowded the best letter of introduction is your own energy;

lean on yourself when you walk;

keep good company; the Spaniards say, 'if you lie down with dogs you will get up with fleas;'keep out of politics, unless you are sure to win; you are never sure to win, so keep out."

To know That which before us lies in daily life

Is the prime wisdom.—Milton.

Boys, never call your father, nor any body else's father, "the old man."—//".

C. Kimball.

Let your efforts be, not for wealth, but independence. Whatever be your talents, whatever your prospects,never be tempted to speculate away, on the chance of a palace, that which you need as a provision against the workhouse.—Lord Lytton.