"The Power of Speech is the Glory of Man.

Vol.

I.

JUNE, 1880.

No.

9.

THE MOON.

Near the middle of the present month we will notice, just after sunset, the new moon, making its appearance in the west in the shape of a crescent with its sharp horns turned away from the sun, or its convex or rounded side turned towards it.

The next evening it will appear somewhat higher and also a little larger, and so it will continue to increase in size for about two weeks, when we shall see it rise as the full moon, in that quarter of the heavens directly opposite to the point where the sun sets.

After this we shall have to wait until the sun sets before we can see the moon rise, and so on later each evening, until it finally rises so late that to see it we must get up early in the morning just before sunrise.

During this time it has also been decreasing in size Until we at last see it in the shape of a crescent again, with its horns turned from the sun as before, but also turned to the west, just the opposite of their former position.

After this, a day or two, the moon will make its appearance in the west again in the shape of a crescent, and will go through the same changes as before, occupying a period of about one month.

So far as the daily motion of the moon is concerned, it resembles that of the sun, rising in the east and setting in the west, and the explanation of this is the same as that for the sun.

It is not produced by any movement of these bodies themselves, but by the revolution of the earth upon its axis; but as the motion of the earth is so uniform and steady, we do not notice it, and thus transfer it to the sun and moon.

When sailing on a river, the banks seem to be moving backward in exactly the contrary direction to that in which we are going, while we suppose ourselves to be at rest.

A more common illustration of this transfer of motion we have in riding on a train of cars, and watching the objects around us as we pass.

This explains, then, what is called its diurnal motion, but if we watch it from one evening to another, we shall soon notice that it is moving among the stars, which always maintain the same relative position with reference to each other.

Now this motion takes place from west to east, and if we are careful to notice in what group of stars we saw it when we first commenced our observations, we shall see that it has returned to the same group in the space of about a month, or rather, somewhat less.

This shows to us plainly that the moon revolves around the earth in about one month's time.

A question that can now be easily answered is this:

Why does the moon present to us those changing forms, as crescent, half moon, full moon, etc., which we call its phases?

In order to illustrate this, so that all might readily understand it, would require much explanation, and perhaps even then it would not be satisfactory, so we will leave it to the reader who is interested enough in the subject to find it out for himself, but first showing him the way.

THE MOON.

The moon does not shine by its own light, but receives its light from the sun, that is, the sun shines upon it, makes one half of it appear bright, and what we see of the moon is that portion of its illuminated side that may be turned towards us.

The moon is not very distant from the earth when compared with the sun.

So, in the course of its monthly revolution, comes between us and the sun, as at new moon, at other times it is in the opposite part of the heavens,when we have full moon.

Let the student now place a lighted candle in a dark room, on a support at about the same level as his eye this will represent the sun.

Now take a ball for the moon, and hold it in the hand and cause it to make one complete revolution around the head, all the time keeping the eye upon it.

The head will, in this case, take the place of the earth.

When the ball was between the light and the eye, the student saw only its dark side, this would correspond to new moon.

After it had moved a little to the left he would be able to see a small portion of the illuminated side in the shape of a crescent like the new moon, as we see it in the west a little after sunset, and so on, it would be noticed to go through all the phases already described.

The moon appears to be of about the same size as the sun, that is, as we would see the latter on looking at it through smoked glass.

The moon, however, is only about two thousand one hundred and sixty miles through from one side to another, while the sun's diameter is eight hundred and sixty thousand miles.

The reason the sun appears so small is because it is about four hundred times farther away.

The distance of the moon is about two hundred and forty thousand miles.

Many of the planets like the earth have moons revolving about them, and then all these planets revolve about the sun as a common centre.

But the paths of the satellites and planets are not perfectly circular, but are more like circles lengthened out more or less in one direction.

A figure like this is called an ellipse.

The earth, in the case of the moon's orbit, is not, however, in the centre of this ellipse, but moved a little to one side.

It may be said that the earth revolves about the moon, as they both revolve about a common point, and this is the point on which they would be balanced, supposing we should place them, one on each end of a rod two hundred and forty thousand miles in length.

But as the earth is so much larger, and the material of which it is made is somewhat heavier, this balancing point is situated not. very far from its centre, and hence it revolves in a very small ellipse as compared with that of the moon.

We know that the earth makes one revolution on its axis in twenty-four hours, thus producing the changes we call day and night the moon also turns upon its axis, but its day is about a month long, instead of twenty-four hours, and it turns in such a way as to keep the one face always turned toward the earth, so that we will never be able to see the other half of its surface.

It is considered by some as rather unfortunate that we shall never be able to see more than half of our satellite, notwithstanding the fact that it is comparatively near, but we have no reason to believe that the other side would be in any way different from the visible half.

The earth is surrounded by an atmosphere which extends to about the distance of one hundred miles from its surface, but no atmosphere at all has been found on the moon; hence there is nothing to obstruct the heat of the sun in its passage to the moon or to retain it after it has reached there. During the long day, equal to about fifteen of ours, the surface must be heated up to a very high temperature, but during the long night of the same length, it cools off to a very low point.

The difference has been estimated by some as amounting to 500 F., that is, during the day it would be warmer than

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

boiling water, while during the night it would be colder than the coldest degree, either natural or artificial, ever known here on the earth.

When we look at the full moon with the naked eye, we see that its surface is not all of the same uniform brightness, some parts being much darker than others.

The earlier astronomers supposed that the darker portions were water, which would not reflect as much light as the solid land, but not long after the telescope was discovered it was found that the darker portions were much the same in character with the other portions, only they must be composed of darker material.

The surface is diversified by ranges of mountains and valleys; but they are altogether different from those we see on the earth.

Here we have our mountains ranged in long lines with long valleys between them, but on the moon many of the mountain systems are in circles with basin-like valleys inside, and in many cases we find in the centre of the basin a high solitary peak.

These basins are called craters, but of course they are much larger than those we have here upon the earth, some of them being about one hundred miles across.

As there is no air nor water on the moon, but very few changes can take place upon its surface.

There can be no vegetation and no animals, and although many astronomers have brought their imaginations to bear upon this subject, and have given us descriptions of the beautiful scenery upon its surface, and have even peopled it with inhabitants,we have every reason to believe that it is as barren and lifeless as an arid rock.

Quebec, A man that hath friends must show himself friendly;

and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

I have just received from the hands of

Brother James Standing, the old records of the Nauvoo Brass Band;

surely, if there is any reason stronger than another for noting our actions in a journal, it is in the pleasure we may derive from perusing it in after years and the clerk who copied this book-full of minutes must feel amply repaid for his trouble in the satisfaction of recalling those familiar times, which this record affords.

To those interested in the period when these minutes were recorded, and especially to the survivors of the old band, it might be interesting to look over some of the particulars set down in it;

there are, besides, in the book, mention of eminent men dear to Latter-day Saints, with notes of some of their actions, which speak more convincingly of their characters than men's tongues can do;

the unity of the band, the love which bound them together, their devotion to the Church, and their readiness at all times to obey its calls—are all borne witness to in these records; and the estimation in which the late Capt. Pitt was held by the organization, as well as his private worth, are shown by the feeling manner in which his name is always mentioned in this book.

In the following quotations from the record, I have adhered almost literally to the original; preferring to allow some few rhetorical lapses, than to destroy the old fashioned quaintness of utterances which it is so pleasing to read;

some things set down may be found amusing, some instructive and all, I trust, interesting.

The book is recorded in the handwritings of James Standing, the secretary of the band, of Geo.

Hales, clerk, and in several places in that of Wm.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

Pitt, leader;

from the constant use to which it has been put, the book is in a dilapidated condition, and most of the ink has turned to that yellow tint produced by age;

the characters are, however, easily legible, having been fairly written in the first place.

The fly leaf of the volume bears the following inscription, written in a bold hand:

"A Book containing the Minutes of Joseph's City*

Band;"and underneath this is an "introduction,"beginning as follows:

"The Brass Band of the city of Joseph was first organized in January, 1842, under the guidance and teachings of Capt.

"William Pitt, an ingenious musician, a good timeist, and an excellent performer upon various instruments that came to hand;

the few that commenced to learn under him were ignorant of the principles of music, and new beginners upon their instruments;

it therefore required great patience and exertion in our captain to fit us and bring us forth as a band of music for the Nauvoo Legion."Next follows a list of the members of the band, with twenty-seven names recorded, and with a note opposite each, stating date of birth, nativity, date of joining the band, and the kind of instrument played; from this we find that Pitt was born August 16, 1813, in Gloucestershire, England.

The first minutes bear the date of October 22, 1845;

on which occasion it would appear that a re-organization was effected, as resolutions were adopted providing for a new roll, new officers, and new by-laws;

"the meeting adjourned, on motion of Captain Pitt, to meet at Joseph Home's, next Sunday evening, at early candlelight.""October 26, 1845.

The band met this evening at the place appointed, with about all the members present; William Weeks, Joseph Herring, an Indian, and another friend, were present upon invita- * The name of Joseph's City was bestowed upon Nauvoo some time after its incorporation, but was not generally regarded, and finally fell into disuse altogether.

tion; we had a good practice and enjoyed ourselves.

After we got through, the Indian requested permission to talk to us.

He told us of his journey to Washington to claim his land from government, his talk with a.sectarian priest, with President Tyler, told of his sympathy for the Mormons, that the Indians would defend them on their journey west, of his hatred for Mormon persecutors and the American government, his determination to have full vengeance upon them, etc.

The Indian then called for 'Fisher's

Hornpipe,'and danced off admirably, to the pleasure and satisfaction of us all.

Adjournment was called, to meet next Saturday at the Masonic Hall.""November 30.

The band met at the residence of Brother B.

Young, and played a few tunes;

after which some excellent cake and wine were served;

Brothers* B. Young, H.

C. Kimball, S.

Hales, Jr., D. Cahoon and others had a short dance, everything passing off quiet and mirthfully;

the cake and wine were excellent, the wine being made of the pure grape, of Nauvoo manufacture.

After playing a few more tunes, the band adjourned, to meet at the Music Hall, on

Saturday next, at half past o'clock.

When we dismissed, Brother B. Young returned his thanks to the band."

For several meetings after this date, discussions were held regarding the exodus westward, in the coming Spring; the records state that the band were united in the determination to do all they could to help the company off, and committees were appointed to procure timbers, felloes, etc., for the manufacture of wagons for the band.

Having incurred a debt for new instruments purchased in St.

Louis, Captain Pitt conceived the idea of a concert to lift the indebtedness; accordingly it was announced that "A grand concert of vocal and instrumental music would be given in the Nauvoo Concert Hall, on Saturday evening, January 17, 1846."As it may be interesting to know the class of music with which our fathers entertained

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

themselves.

I give the following selections from the programme:

"1.

Introduction, Brass Band;

2.

Song, Duet;

3. 'No.

I, Salisbury,'Quadrille Band;

4.

Song, 'Satan, spare the Saints,'Trio;

5.

Comic Song, 'Bogus,'Solo and Chorus;

6.

Song, 'The Wolf,'Solo;

7. Finale, Brass Band."* The concert appears to have been a decided success;

it was given three times, on the last occasion for the benefit of the Temple hands, and each evening drew a crowded house.

"February 7, 1846.

A few of the band met at the usual place, but there was nothing done with the exception of talking about what to do with the timber we should leave when we went west.

Captain Pitt said a few words concerning our going;

after talking a few minutes, we adjourned sine die.

"February 9.

By request of Brother B. Young, the band met in the upper room of the Temple; played a few tunes, after which Brother Young arose and said that, as we were about to leave Nauvoo, we had come together, to pass off the evening, and that he thought it no harm to have a little recreation in singing, etc., as long as it is done in righteousness.

He then called on the Lord to take charge of the meeting; the brethren and sisters then joined in and danced;

during the evening they handed round some of our Nauvoo grape wine, which was excellent.

About o'clock they dismissed and all went home."The following extracts from "The account of the travels of the band from the time they left Nauvoo until they reached their place of destination,"appears to be in the handwriting of Wm.

Pitt, and is presumably of his authorship;f I have:>The whole number of pieces in the programme was twenty-four—a concert which, for length, is only surpassed by our ward entertainments and Sunday School jubilees of to-day.

fit is difficult to ascertain from the records owing to the similarity in penmanship—whether

Wm. Pitt or Jas. Standing wrote this account.

I have attributed it to the former, as its characters quoted to some length, as I do not remember to have seen elsewhere, any account which conveys a better idea of the tedious journey westward from Nauvoo.

"After it was understood that we had to take our exit from Nauvoo to some distant point in the west, we went to work as soon as possible to make wagons, as will be seen by the foregoing history of the band.

But as some who were to leave in the first company had no teams of their own, they had the privilege of getting teams and having them replaced by the Trustee-in-Trust.

Those of the band in the first company numbered fifteen, including Captain Pitt; they commenced crossing the Mississippi River on February 11, 1846, and continued until the 28th, when they encamped about eight miles from Nauvoo, on Sugar Creek.

"March 1.

They took their line of march westward from Sugar Creek about four miles, where they encamped for the night.

In the evening they played a few tunes, and then retired.

"March 2.

They proceeded on their journey about eight miles, and encamped for the night near the Des Moines river;

they played as usual in the evening, and then met in Brother Pitt's tent, when they organized into companies of tens, appointing VVm. F. Cahoon and Howard

Egan, captains.

"March 3.

Proceeded on their journey, passing through Farmington,

I. T., and camped three miles up the river.

"March 4.

The band arose early in the morning, and played at the front of

Brother B. Young's tent.

At o'clock they were informed that they had been requested to go to Farmington to play;

there was some demurring until it was found to be brother B. Young's wish, and the band then set out.

Played several times at the Gait House and at the schoolhouse, Brother Kay singing his song 'The Sea.'The citizens of Farmresemble those of Pitt's signature, which appears just above the account.

AN INTERESTING RECORD.

ington treated us like gentlemen; they paid for an excellent supper of which we partook at the Gait House; gave Captain

Pitt $5.00, and escorted us a mile towards home.

"March 5 and 6.

Crossed the Des Moines River at Bonaparte, making in all about eleven miles;

waited for some who had fallen behind to come up; played as usual, before retiring.

"March 7.

Made seven miles before camping;

some of the men took a job of making rails, and some went after corn played, and sang some songs before retiring.

"March 8.

Proceeded on the journey six miles.

Here the citizens of Keosaqua, a town ten miles distant, requested us to give a concert there on the 10th, which we consented to do, after consulting Brother B. Young.

"March 9, 10 and 11.

Brothers Pitt, Kay and Egan went to Keosaqua to make arrangements for the concert.

The evening of the 10th the Court House was filled with an appreciative audience by request we repeated the concert on the nth;

were invited by the citizens to take a ride on a 'light boat,'and when we were about to land they fired a cannon twice.

The band made about $30, clear of all expenses.

"March 12 to 16.

Rested, on account of bad weather and roads; went to work and finished a job of seven hundred rails for thirty bushels of oats.

"March 17.

Quadrille band went to Keosaqua to hold another concert.

"March 18.

In the evening took their horses, went around to each camp and played a few tunes before retiring.

"March 19 and 20.

Made about twenty-nine miles.

"March 21.

Proceeded on their journey about thirteen miles.

In tfae evening played a few tunes before Brothers

Young and Kimball's tents.

"March 22.

Crossed the Chariton River, making about five miles.

The company was here divided into fifties, Brother Haws'company uniting with the band, and George Hales acting as clerk for the fifty.

Stopped here till April 1, on account of bad weather.

"April 1. Proceeded about seven miles, and came up with P. P. Pratt's company.

"April 2.

Quadrille band played at a farmer's house, getting some corn for it.

"April 3.

Overtook Bishop Miller's company, after traveling eight miles remained here till the 8th, on account of bad weather.

"April 8 to 12.

Made five miles;

as it rained constantly, some of the band were unable to get to the camping place until others went back to assist them, taking five yoke of cattle to each team.

"April 13.

Proceeded on their journey five miles.

"April 14.

Proceeded about three miles, by doubling teams played a few tunes for Brothers Young and Kimball before retiring;

remained here till the 1 6th.

"April 16 to 22.

Made about thirtythree miles in this time were going to send out and sell certain articles, in order to raise means to go over the mountains, but concluded to go to Grand River first.

"April 23.

A part of the band proceeded on about six miles, and reached the east fork of the Grand River;

the rest of the band did not reach camp until the 26th, their teams having given out;

when the camp reached Grand River they went to putting in a crop; Wm. Pitt, Jno. McKay, Jacob F. Hutchinson, Edward P. Duzette and James Smithers left camp on the 28th, according to counsel, to give concerts in the adjoining settlements the rest of the band went to work to make fences and put up houses this place was named Garden Grove.

A note appended to this account, in different handwriting, states that the band became scattered until 1850, when a few united in Salt Lake City, under the leadership of a California emigrant who joined the Church; he soon after left the Territory, and the band once more came together under Captain Pitt's leadership.

REQUISITES OF SUCCESS.

REQUISITES We stand upon the threshold of life, gazing out into the unknown, uncertain future with eager, searching eye.

And what do we discern?

Life spreads out before us like a beautiful landscape, in which we behold lovely villages, with their border of mountains stretching away, away, till the last blue peak seems blended with the sky; and broad rivers winding among green hills, tall trees and graceful, overhanging bushes, all shimmering in the sunlight like burnished gold.

Winding in and out, across plain and through valleys, are two paths.

For a short distance they seem to run in the same direction and then they diverge.

One of them leads to a mountain;

we can see it far off in the distance on its summit stands a figure, one hand holds a cross, the other points to the path below, indicating that all who run with patience this race shall win the victor's crown. The path that leads to the mountain seems rough and stony;

there are hills to be climbed and dark streams to be crossed.

The other path, bordered with green grass and bright flowers, seems a pleasanter one to tread, but what will be gained if we choose it?

There may be pleasure for a season, but we cannot see what will be the end thereof.

Only the straight, rough pathway leads to the mountain, and only by climbing the mountain's craggy sides can we win the crown.

Thus we stand in the morning of life, our whole being filled with the longing desire to make our lives successful. The crown must be won at all hazards, and only by taking the straight path can we win it.

And what is it to be successful in life? Many and varied are the answers.

The miser is selling himself soul and body that he may get gold. He chuckles in glee as he piles up the glittering stuff;

the more of it he can get the more successful is his life.

The warrior dreams only of battlefields.

Every battle won, while it makes his success more sure, OF SUCCESS.

only causes him to sigh for more enemies to conquer.

The land owner looks out over broad acres, and smiles contentedly as he says to himself:

"These are all mine, and my life has been a success."

But from all these we turn with a feeling of dissatisfaction.

One should certainly have some higher and nobler aim in life than the mere accumulation of riches, or the striving for mere worldly renown.

Are there no broader fields of action?

One can but admire the depths and wonderful resources of the mind that could produce "Thanatopsis;"and, as we read the pathetic story of "Evangeline,"or "Hiawatha,"we long for the powers of imagination of Longfellow.

The youth reads the life of Napoleon, and sighs as he thinks how he, too, had he lived in those stirring times, might have led armed hosts from victory on to victory, and thus have become renowned in the world's history.

The maiden is lost in admiration as she contemplates the life of that heroine of the fifteenth century, Joan of Arc, and longs for a chance to prove herself as heroic as was that simple-minded peasant girl;

even the tragical death she would be willing to share that her name might, too, be immortalized.

But not every one can be a military hero; not every one can write the thoughts or speak the words that shall live for long ages; nor is it for every one to sing so as to gain the applause of listening"crowds.

Such brilliant careers are only for the favored few.

Yet, "All are architects of fate, Working in these walls of time;

Some with massive deeds and great,

Some with ornaments of rhyme."

It may not fall to us to perform the "massive deeds and great,"and we might be clumsy in doing ornamental work, yet the plain, solid work is more necessary to the completion of the structure than the

REQUISITES OF SUCCESS.

ornamental part.

The most successful life may not always be the one that comes prominently before the public in the performance of some great and daring deed.

Do not wait for grand opportunities for doing good.

We spend too much time in dreaming of the good we would like to do if circumstances were only more favorable.

Idle dreamers are at a discount in this busy,working world of ours.

It is the easiest thing in the world to build "air castles."It requires no outlay of strength to build a beautiful "castle"complete "from turret to foundation stone;"but without a moment's warning the frail structure vanishes into thin air, and the dreamer is forced to come down to terra firma from his aerial voyage, feeling discontented with his lot, and with no inclination to take up the plain, practical duties of life again.

Still we go on dreaming of the good we intend to do when we reach the island we call "Sometime."But, though we catch glimpses of that beauteous land, and frequently get so near that we can hear the music of the singing birds, and see the shady walks and cool bowers, suggestive of peace and repose, yet the hours, days and weeks form months, and the months years, but our feet do not tread its fair streets;

its luscious fruits are not ours;

its cool waters do not quench our thirst, and never will till we arouse ourselves to action.

That delusive "sometime"is the fatal rock on which so many lives are wrecked.

The good we intend to do will forever remain undone so long as we are content to drift idly with the tide, waiting and hoping that some day we shall have an opportunity to display our true heroism, or to astonish the world with our eloquence.

The idea is too prevalent that circumstances bind us down with iron chains.

To a great extent it is in every one's power to mould circumstances, climb the hill Difficulty, and move triumphantly forward.

What if, in climbing the mountain's side, our feet slip back and we are obliged to take the steps over again?

We learn by our failures, and we will be sure to get a firmer foothold next time.

Only the weak and faint hearted sit down and idly bemoan their fate.

To be successful in life, one must study himself;

study to know what his capabilities are. We all have God-given powers, and it is our duty to cultivate them.

We should try to find out the work for which we are best fitted, and when we have decided what our work is, do it with all our might.

Most of our lives are prosy and practical—some of them severely so—and you say, perhaps, that you have no need to ask yourself what your life-work is, for the answer comes with every day that brings its own hard labor.

Yes;

but did you ever stop to think, it is the manner in which you do this work that is to tell whether your life is successful?

It is in our power to make these homely, every day tasks stepping stones to something higher and better; there is no degradation in even the homeliest kind of toil, only in so far as we let it degrade us.

Some writer very prettily says that every day that is born into the world comes like a burst of music and sings itself all the way through.

It is hard to believe this of some days, at least;

there seems to be too many discords to admit of there being very beautiful pieces of music.

Yet the fault may be with us, and what seem to be discords might be only minor strains if played correctly.

The music may be beautiful, and the fault only with the performers.

Perhaps your life may'be "cold and dark and dreary,"but you need not look far to find lives much more sad and desolate than yours can possibly be.

All around you are earth's suffering creatures.

Try to cheer them.

In comforting other sad hearts, you will bring happiness into your own life.

Let us scatter smiles and pleasant words, as we journey through life; they may be likened unto flowers springing up along the dusty highway.

We should rid ourselves of the mistaken idea that our lives cannot be sue-

EMINENT WOMEN.

cessful unless we do some great work.

Deeds which the world calls great may never be placed within our reach;

but we may measure our greatness by our faithfulness in the little things that are given us to perform, and our love for our

Maker, by our love and labor for His children.

And thus, by doing the work that lies nearest to us,—it matters not whether it be great or small, only so we do it with what might our hands find to do, with a firm and unfaltering trust in the all-wise Father, even though we may never do any "glowing deeds and great"that shall cause our names to be placed high in the "Temple of Fame,"our lives may be successful in the truest sense of the word.

Remember, "Our reward Is in the race we run, not in the prize.

Those few to whom is given what they ne'er earned, Having by favor or inheritance

The dangerous gifts placed in their hands,

Know not, nor never can, the generous pride

That glows in him who on himself relies,

Entering the lists of life.

He speeds beyond Them all, and foremost in the race succeeds.

His joy is not that he has got the crown

But that the power to win the crown is his."

Gunhild.

EMINENT WOMEN.

We talk a great deal in this age, of originality and individuality, but circumstances and opportunities have much to do with both.

In a general way we find men and women possess the characteristics of the time to which they belong.

Thus we speak of remarkable persons as the best types of the period in which they lived.

There are many elements that enter into the formation of character.

The physical condition of the country itself, the pursuits incident to the time and place, and other considerations which belong to the period of one's existence have much to do with the lives of individuals.

In writing of the Mesdames Montagu,

I have in my mind a sort of historical panorama, or bird's eye view of the condition of society in England at the time, and I esteem these ladies as representative women of their day, and instead of wondering why they did not maintain the intellectual equality of the sexes, as exceptional women do in our day, I simply admire them for doing what they could to elevate woman socially and educationally.

This is essentially woman's era, and the wise understand why.

In some respects Elizabeth Montagu, (or as she is often termed, the other Montagu) was more illustrious than her predecessor, Lady Mary, though she never gained a title.

Her maiden name was Robinson, and she was born in 1720.

Elizabeth was educated with great care, under the tuition of Dr. Congers Middleton, a celebrated English divine.

According to her letters written previous to her marriage, she was on intimate terms with some of the nobility.

She must have been very lively, for she writes to the Duchess of Portland, describing "an assembly to which they drove eight miles every full moon and danced till twelve.""I must tell your Grace, that my papa forgets twenty years and nine children, and dances as nimbly as any of the quorum; but is now and then mortified by hearing the ladies cry, 'Old Mr.

Robinson!

Haysides and turn your daughter.'Other ladies who have a mind to appear young say, 'Well! there is my poor grandpa, he could no more dance so!'Then comes an old bachelor of fifty, and shakes him by the hand, and cries, 'Why you dance like one of us young fellows;'another more injudicious than the rest, says by way of compliment, 'Who would think you had six fine children taller than yourself?

I protest,

EMINENT WOMEN.

if I did not know you, I should take you to be young.'Then says the most antiquated virgin in the company, f Mr.

Robinson wears mighty well; my mother says he looks as well as ever she remembers him; he used to come often to the house when I was a girl.'"Mr. Robinson married at the early age of eighteen, and might not perhaps have been at ihis time more than forty, although he had some fine tall children.

We have given our readers this little passage that they may have an idea of Elizabeth's early life.

Miss Robinson married a man of wealth, and subsequently obtained "the reputation of a woman of learning."

Indeed, she was quite a power in her day, and drew around her a circle of learned and influential people of culture, who were anxious to be considered in Mrs. Montagu's set.

"Great souls by instinct to each other turn,

Demand alliance, and in friendship burn."

Even Johnson, with whom she had been on intimate terms, in alluding to her, said: "Mrs. Montagu has dropped me.

Now, sir, there are people whom one should like very well to drop, but would not wish to be dropped by."Among her cotemporaries we find Johnson, Boswell,

Walpole, Mrs. Thrale and Miss Burney (Madame d'Arbley), who all belonged to her coterie, and were entertained in splendor at her house, which Horace Walpole calls "a palace and a noble edifice."

Walpole writes that in the morning she breakfasted seven hundred people.

Miss Burney speaks of being present at one of her breakfasts when there were between four and five hundred guests at the table.

Besides these magnificent breakfasts, and surpassing them in grandeur, her whole house was thrown open occasionally for great gatherings, or parties.

But the most choice entertainments she gave were smaller parties in her drawing-room, where only "people of consequence"assembled.

These were the friends she made a point of cultivating.

At these parties it was customary to form a semi-circle around the fire, which would remain unbroken during the entire evening.

The hostess usually sat at one end of the circle, elegantly attired and brilliant with diamonds, and on one side of her, the person of the highest rank, and on the other, the one most eminent in literature.

"'Tis true (as the old proverb doth relate),

Equals with equals often congregate."

George, Lord Littleton, was a warm admirer of this talented lady.

It is stated she assisted him in the composition of his "Dialogues of the Dead."At the time of her great popularity, her manner was very stately and dignified, as became one so distinguished in the highest rank of wealth and literature.

Elizabeth Montagu was known and designated as the "queen of the blues."

Scribblers are indebted to this lady for the appelation blue-stocking. She formed a literary society known as the BlueStocking Club; the name originated from the circumstance of a gentleman, who was a member, constantly wearing stockings of that color, and has. ever since been applied to women who affect literature.

We must recollect that those were the palmy days of knee breeches; consequently the color of one's hose was a matter of taste in a man's appearance, quite as much as the color of his necktie, or any other item of his costume. We have to thank Mrs. Montagu for giving literary women a title.

But this is not the only peculiarity for which she is famous.

She invariably gave an annual dinner on May-day to all the chimneysweepers of the metropolis, in honor of her kinsman, Edward Wortley Montagu, who was for some time a chimney-sweep.

There must have been some excellent qualities of heart, joined with humility, underlying her pride and love of magnificence, which prompted her to observe regularly this commendable custom; and to remember in such a substantial manner, the poor chimney-sweepers of Lon-

AN ENIGMA.

don, and also to perpetuate in the minds of all the world her plebeian ancestor.

Her remarkable gift of conversation, which was really her strong point, by means of which she drew around her all the elite of that age of critics, would designate her in the nineteenth century as a magnetic woman, which no doubt she was.

Johnson said of her to his friend Boswell.

"She diffuses more knowledge in her conversation than any woman I know, and indeed almost more than any man."Mrs. Thrale replied, "I declare, I know no man equal to her, take away yourself and Burke, for that art."Some critics and reviewers, in alluding to her, have said: "It is difficult to believe, from anything Mrs. Montagu has left in writing, that her conversation deserved the high praise Johnson bestowed upon it."Who shall dispute what the reviewers say?

Their word's sufficient; and to ask a reason

In such a state as their's is downright treason.

The critics cut and thrust at her "Essay on Shakspeare,"although they acknowledge that at the time it was written it was supposed to do honor, not only to the author herself, but to Shakspeare.

Her "Letters "afford better reading, in their estimation, particularly those addressed to Lord Littleton, in which, says the editor, "She displays the full strength of her wings."Mrs. Montagu, unlike many women of "brilliant parts,"did not outlive her popularity, although most of her old-time friends had passed away before her.

She died A. D. 1800, at the age of eighty years.

There were many interesting little episodes in her life which are well worth recounting, but time and space will not now permit.

Amethyst.

Falsehood could do little mischief if it did not gain the credit of truth.

Whatever be the ignominy we may have incurred, we have it generally in our power to re-establish our reputation.

AN ENIGMA.

A mighty giant now walks the earth,

To vice and misery giving birth;

He lays the proud and lofty low,

And millions fall beneath his blow.

The poet, scholar, warrior, sage,

Men of all stations, rank and age, The monarch on imperial throne,

This mighty despot's power own.

I have seen a mother, with anguish wild,

Clasp to her bosom her starving child,

And, her poor heart riven, with tearful eye,

She has laid her down in the road to die;

And I asked the question, "Why, O why?"

And they whispered the giant's dreadful name,

And told me of many he thus had slain.

I visited once a madman's cell,

But the horrors 1 saw, I could not tell;

'Twould chill your very blood to hear

A tithe of the wretchedness, woe and fear

Which the maniac shewed, as with glaring eye

He gnashed his teeth, and tossing high

His manacled hands, he yelled and cursed 'Twas the giant, his madness caused at first.

And once before me a murderer stood,

His right hand steeped in his brother's blood,

And with frenzied eye and quivering frame,

He hissed in my ear the giant's name.

Ah!

speak not to me of the horrors of war;

If that slays its thousands, this monster does more;

It debases humanity and drags down the mind

To a depth leaving far, dumb creation behind.

It blights the fair prospects of many a man,

And places him under a terrible ban;

It poisons the body;

it ruins the soul.

Then search, my brethren, from equator to pole,

And tell out his name, let the monster be hurled

From the throne he usurps as a king in the world;

Let us once get him down, and he never will rise,

But shoutings of triumph shall sound thro'the skies.

B. Goddard.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, June, 1880.

CONVERSATION.

The Psalmist sings of the power to speak as the glory of man.

It is his distinguishing gift, and marks his superiority to the rest of creation.

It is given him that he may command his inferiors, counsel with his equals and praise his God.

Conversation, rightly directed, is the most fruitful source of intelligence and happiness, and should be cultivated as a necessary element of a good education by all who covet knowledge and desire the companionship of the intelligent and good.

The most agreeable men and women are those who can converse well.

They may not always be the best, but the best are more admirable when they have associated with their other accomplishments the power of pleasant speech.

We all have observed the potent influence of able conversers in the social circles of which we are members; how, by the harmonious use of simple words, they spin a thread of conversation that winds us all about and binds us in rapt attention to every syllable as they fall from the speaker's lips.

And again, we sit in respectful admiration of them while they are intelligently listening to the remarks of others;

for the silence of good conversers is often as eloquent as their most animated speech.

As this is one of the most desirable and useful accomplishments, it is also one of the rarest, and one that has been most neglected.

We often go into the homes of intelligent citizens, and are struck with the variety of amusements provided to take the place of conversation in an evening's entertainment. The sons and daughters are perhaps able to perform on the piano and to sing, or to engage in a game of checkers, dominoes or cards.

And the entire time, that might be spent so beneficially in the interchange of thought, is idled away shuffling and dividing a few pasteboard cards, "with no conversation but what is made up of a few game phrases, and no other ideas but those of black or red spots ranged together in different figures."The consequence of hours and days thus wasted in the precious lives of many young people is lamentable to contemplate.

Besides the loss of valuable time, for which they may reasonably expect to be called to account, their mentality, which is their priceless heritage from Heaven, suffers from desuetude, and lingers feebly, emitting only flickering spasms of light, where should shine bright, effulgent rays.

Not only in the lack of conversation, but in its misuse, do we find cause for regret and occasion to exhort the young.

No one, with his understanding clear, considers the foul, blasphemous language of the profane a proper exercise of the "glory"of man.

Swearing is not only a criminal disregard of the sacred injunction of the Savior, but it is at once the most inexcusable violation of good manners and the most foolish indulgence of a senseless habit.

There is no need to swear at all, and those whose words are so incredible that it takes an oath to back them up, are not deserving the confidence of their fellows under any circumstances.

With many, mild swearing has become a thoughtless mode of emphasis;

it is none the less reprehensible.

But with others it is carried beyond this to a most awful stage of profanation, even to the taking in vain of the holy name of Him to whom all owe their power of Speech. They seemingly forget that "the

Lord will not hold them guiltless, who I takeih his name in vain."

EDITORIAL.

Another abuse of conversation is in speaking untruths and slandering; detestable habits that lay the persons guilty of them open to the universal contempt which they deserve.

The effect of this kind of conversation, while it is more tolerable to be heard than swearing, is much more hurtful to society.

While the former depraves the individual addicted to it, the latter corrupts society at large.

The heinous crimes, for which the severest legal punishments are provided, are not more injurious to the moral condition of society than the practice of slander and calumny.

All are made sufferers by it.

No matter how virtuous and good they are, they can scarcely escape the stinging assault of the backbiter and those who love to make and tell a lie.

Less wicked but equally destructive of the beauty and grace of language is the use of slang.

What can be said to justify it?

It has its origin in the slums and by-ways from which issues the hoodlum, and the most ignorant class of humanity, yet it intrudes upon the conversation of all classes, except the truly educated and refined, But wherever it is found, it is the sure index of a weak mind and uncultivated taste.

Its use never helps the expression of a good thought, and certainly cannot be said to originate very exalted trains of reflection.

It rather disgusts whenever spoken, and panders to the waste of words upon mere shadows of ideas.

For the improvement of each other and for the sake of our common conversation, every young lady and gentleman, particularly of the Improvement Associations, should make it a study to cultivate and use good language.

Avoid the utterance of an oath as you would preserve favor with your Heavenly Father.

Show your love of humanity by never speaking evil of your fellows.

Let selfrespect preserve you, under all circumstances, from the defilement of your mother tongue by the use of slang.

If we would pursue with determination this course of self-culture, it would not be long before we could unite with Addison in his beautiful reflection upon the benefit of chaste conversation with true and virtuous friends.

He says:

"The mind never unbends itself so agreeably as in the conversation of a well chosen friend.

There is indeed no blessing of life that is any way comparable to the enjoyment of a discreet and virtuous friend.

It eases and unloads the mind, clears and improves the understanding, engenders thoughts and knowledge, animates virtue and good resolutions, soothes and allays the passions, and finds employment for most of the vacant hours of life."LIBRARY.

In the suggestions of the Apostles, reference is made to the condition of the Association libraries, and a suggestion is made to the General Superintendency to examine the books'composing them, for the purpose of eliminating any that may be found of a skeptical, improper or immoral nature, also to make arrangements for the purchase of suitable new books.

In accordance with these suggestions, preliminary steps are about to be taken, of which the Superintendents and Presidents of Associations will be notified by letter.

It will be well for the Librarian of each Association to at once catalogue the books in his charge, that when lists are called for they will be ready.

Lists of books will soon be prepared, that have the endorsement of the general officers, and other preparations will be made for supplying all who require them with the best works, on the most reasonable terms.

While on this subject, we again direct the attention of the Associations to the practice in several places of cultivating a few acres of land in marketable produce.

There is no better way to raise means for libraries than this, and we trust the present season will not be permitted to pass without a large acreage being devoted to this purpose.

2o6 LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

LESSER LIGHTS OF in.

SAMUEL, THE LAMANITE.

It is surprising how little we know of some of earth's greatest sons—greatest when weighed in the scales of God's eternal justice.

How much do we know of the histories of the great prophets Isaiah and Malachi? Who can tell aught of the private lives of the martyrs Stephen and Abinadi?

Whence came Lachoneus, or whither went Gidgiddoni?

So also is it with him whose name stands at the head of this paper;

he appears suddenly in the foreground of ancient American history, bearing a weighty and solemn message—a messenger of God's displeasure, he stands a Jonah to the Nephites.

That message is faithfully delivered;

then he disappears forever from our sight.

The condition of society in the days of

Samuel was somewhat peculiar.

The Nephites and Lamanites had, so far as righteousness is concerned, to a great extent exchanged places.

The former were puffed up with worldly pride, were full of vain boastings, envyings, strifes, malice, persecutions, murders and all manner of iniquities.

They cast out, they stoned, they slew the servants of God, whilst they encouraged, exalted and rewarded the false teachers who flattered them in their vileness and sung in their ears the siren's song of "all is well."They revelled in all the luxury that the fatness of the land brought forth;

they were ostentatious in the use of gold and silver and precious things;

but their hearts never turned in thankfulness to the great Giver of all these bounties.

The majority of the Lamanites, on the contrary, walked circumspectly before God, they were full of faith and integrity, were zealous in the work of converting their fellows, and kept the commandments, statutes and judgments of the Lord according to the law of Moses.

Such was the condition of affairs when the Lamanite prophet Samuel appeared

THE BOOK OF MORMON.

among the sin stained citizens of Zarahemla, and for many days preached repentance in their midst.

Their eyes were blind and their ears were deaf, sin filled their souls, and in their anger they cast him Out.

But the work of his mission was not yet accomplished.

As he was preparing to return to his own country, a holy angel visited him and proclaimed the voice of the Lord;

that voice was that he should turn back and prophesy to the people of Zarahemla the things that should come into his heart.

He returned to the city, but was refused admission at its gates.

The iniquitous dwellers therein had no desire to have their peace disturbed by the voice of divine threatenings.

But the prophet had the word of the Lord burning within him, and could not be restrained.

He mounted the walls of the city, and from this conspicuous vantage ground, with outstretched hands and loud voice, he proclaimed to the wicked the unwelcome tidings of their coming destruction.

Many listened to his proclamation, some few were pricked in their hearts, repented of their evil deeds, and sought the prophet

Nephi, that they might be baptized.

Others were angry, they gathered up the stones in the roadway and hurled them at

Samuel, they drew forth their bows and shot arrows at him, but to no effect;

the protecting power of the Holy

Spirit was around him, and he could not be harmed.

When some beheld how wonderfully the prophet was preserved, it was a testimony to them that God was with him, and they also sought Nephi, confessing their sins.

But the great body of the populace grew more enraged at the want of success that attended their murderous efforts.

They called upon their captains to seize and bind him; they cried out, "He hath a devil, and it is by this power he is preserved, take the fellow, bind him, and away with him!"Following the wild, satanic cry of the multitude, the officers

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

attempted to seize him, but he cast himself down and fled to his own country, where he began to preach and prophesy amongst his own people.

These things occurred in the eighty-sixth year of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, or B. O. 6.

And from that time the voice of SamueLwas never heard among the children 01 Nephi, but in later years Jesus, Nephi, Mormon and others quoted his prophecies or referred to his testimony.

Nearly all the events, great and glorious, terrible and heartrending, of which

Samuel prophesied, were fulfilled before the inspired historians of the Book of Mormon sealed up its record.

Promi- • nent among these predictions were the signs that should occur at the advent of our Savior;

the two days and a night of continued light, and the appearance of a new star in the heavens, that should mark his birth at Bethlehem, even to the exact year when these things should take place also the convulsions, the storms, the earthquakes that should attend His crucifixion, and the resurrection of many of the Saints that should follow His resurrection.

Again, how in subsequent years the Nephites should grow in iniquity, how, because of their wickedness, their treasures, their tools, their swords, etc., should become slippery, how magic and its like should abound, and how, within four hundred years, the Nephite race should be destroyed.

To the fulfillment of these prophecies Nephi, Mormon and Moroni bear record.

With regard to the final condition of his own race, Samuel utters a more pleasing cry, the dawning of the day of whose fulfillment we now dimly see.

He says, "That in the latter times, the promises of the Lord have been extended to our brethren, the Lamanites, and notwithstanding the many afflictions which they shall have, and notwithstanding they shall be driven to and fro upon the face of the earth, and be hunted, and shall be smitten and scattered abroad, having no place for refuge, the Lord shall be merciful unto them; and this is according to the prophecy, that they shall be brought to the true knowledge, which is the knowledge of their Redeemer, and their great and true Shepherd, and be numbered among his sheep."

He closes his prophecy with these emphatic words, "Therefore, saith the Lord,

I will not utterly destroy them;* but I will cause that in the day of my wisdom, they shall return again unto me, saith the Lord.

"And now behold, saith the Lord, concerning the people of the Nephites, if they will not repent and observe to do my will, I will utterly destroy them, saith the Lord, because of their unbelief, notwithstanding the many mighty works which I have done among them; and as surely as the Lord liveth shall these things be, saith the Lord."There is one portion of Samuel's testimony that we,who dwell in the fastnesses of these mountains, are continually reminded of.

He declares that at the crucifixion of the Savior the solid rocks, both above and below the surface, shall be broken up, shall be rent in twain, and "shall ever after be found in seams and in cracks, and in broken fragments upon the face of the whole earth yea, both above the earth and beneath."Is not such the case?

Is not the geology of this region an enigma to scientists?

Are not the strata of its upheaved mountains full of faults and breaks and walls, and unaccountable and unexpected changes?

Are not the layers of rocks often found as though turned upside down, the older formations lying nearer to the surface, or upended or thrown about in incomprehensible confusion?

Such is the description we have often heard from those experienced in geological matters, and thus the "testimony of the rocks"is today, and has been for ages, an ever present and abiding witness to the truth of Samuel's prophecy, and to the genuineness and divine inspiration of the Book of Mormon.

* The Lamanites, Book of Mormon, p. 472.

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

ANTIPUS.

It was on the last night of the Nephite year B.

C.

67, that Amalickiah, the traitor and apostate, was slain in his tent by the daring Teancum, one of the most valiant of Moroni's lieutenants.

His death, however, did not put an end to the savage war that for so long had desolated the land, and filled the homes of both Nephites and Lamanites with sorrow and mourning.

Ammoron, the brother of Amalickiah, succeeded him on the throne of the Lamanites, and continued his predecessor's policy by pushing the war vigorously on both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts; he also took personal command of his armies in the west.

Thither Moroni also repaired, leaving Teancum in temporary command of the Nephite forces in the land Bountiful.

But he does not appear to have remained many months in that region.

Having satisfied himself with what he could do there, he returned to Zarahemla, gathered up another army, and at its head marched to the relief of Teancum, whom he joined towards the end of the year B.

C. 65.

When he left the west coast he placed the Nephite forces in that department under the command of a general named

Antipus.

It is somewhat singular that the name of Antipus is never mentioned in the Book of Mormon, except in a letter written by Helaman, the son of Alma, in which he gives a detailed account of the military operations on the Pacific Coast from shortly after Moroni's departure to

B. C. 62, the date when it was written.

Helaman, with a corps of two thousand youthful Ammonites (Christian Lamanites), reached the scene of hostilities a short time after Moroni's departure.

He found the Nephite forces, numbering apparently about six thousand warriors, in a somewhat deplorable condition.

The Lamanites, in the strength of greatly superior numbers, had captured the cities of Manti, Cumeni, Zeezrom and Antiparah, and held possession of the country round about.

These cities had not been taken without much bloodshed on both sides, the Nephites especially losing large numbers of prisoners, who were generally put to death by their captors, except the superior officers, who were sent to the land of Nephi.

Antipus was locked up in the city of Judea, where, dispirited and weakened by excessive toil and fighting, his troops were making a desperate and painful effort to fortify the city.

The arrival of Helaman and his corps brought hope and joy again to their hearts, and renewed vigor to their endeavors.

King Ammoron, learning that reinforcements had reached the defenders of

Judea, ordered all active operations to be suspended for a season.

This suspension was most providential for the soldiers of Antipus, as it gave them time to finish the work of fortifying the beleaguered city, and also to recruit their health and energies.

By the commencement of the following year the works of defence were completed, and the Nephites became anxious for the onslaught they had so greatly dreaded a few months previous.

But they were disappointed, the Lamanites did not feel sufficiently strong to renew aggressive movements, but contented themselves with occupying the Nephite cities they had already captured.

In the second month of this year (B. C.

65) a convoy of provisions and two thousand additional warriors arrived from the land of Zarahemla.

The Nephites in the city of Judea were now ten thousand strong, with abundant provisions, and they were anxious for a forward movement in order, if possible, to retake some of their cities in the hands of the enemy.

Antipus and Helaman resolved on a ruse to entice the Lamanites from behind their fortifications.

It was decided that Helaman and his command should march out of Judea with the apparent intention of revictualling one of the cities in the hands of the Nephites, that was built near the seashore.

In executing this manoeuver, they purposely passed at no great distance from the city

BITS OF TRAVEL.

of. Antiparah, in which was stationed the most numerous of the Lamanite armies, with the hope that the Lamanites would notice that their numbers were few, and thus be led to attack them.

The stratagem proved successful.

The garrison of Antiparah issued forth in pursuit of Helaman, who, with all haste, retreated into the wilderness northward, his intent being to draw his pursuers as far as possible from Antiparah.

When the Lamanites had started in pursuit of Helaman, Antipus, with a considerable portion of his army, marched out of the city of Judea and fell into the Lamanites'rear.

The retreat soon became a race the Lamanites crowded forward with all possible expedition in the endeavor to reach Helaman before Antipus caught them; Helaman, on the other hand, using his utmost energy to keep out of their clutches.

Neither of the three bodies turned to the right or to the left, but kept straight on in the effort to outmarch their foes.

Night came and went, and on the morrow the double pursuit was still kept up. Another night fell, but neither dare turn from their course.

On the third morning the race for life and victory was again renewed, but before long the

Lamanites, concluding that they could not overtake Helaman, suddenly stopped?

and awaited the coming of Antipus and his weary soldiers, whom they unexpectedly attacked with great fury, slew Antipus and several of his captains, threw the Nephite troops into great confusion and forced them to commence a retreat.

In the meantime, Helaman discovered that he was no longer pursued, and not knowing the reason, was in doubt what course to take.

He called a hasty council of war, at which it was determined to return at once, and risk the chances of being caught in a trap by the crafty Lamanites.

They arrived none too soon on the field of battle; the soldiers of Antipus were already fleeing before their more numerous foes, but the valor and impetuosity of the youthful Ammonites was irresistible.

They fell on the Lamanite rear with a daring and miraculous strength possessed only by men who put their whole trust in God.

Thus attacked in the rear, the Lamanites immediately halted, changed front, and threw their whole force against the Ammonites. The surviving officers of Antipus'armies, finding that Helaman had come to their rescue, stopped the retreat, re-organized their scattered bands, and renewed the attack.

The Lamanites were compelled to succumb;

they could not resist the desperate courage of the Nephites that was driving them in, both front and rear.

Their whole force surrendered, and, by Helaman's orders, were all sent as prisoners of war to Zarahemla.

R.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

ON LAKE LUCERNE.

The little steamers on Lake Lucerne, during the summer season, are crowded with enthusiastic tourists, whose hearts swell in admiration of the strikingly grand and picturesque scenery of the lake and surrounding mountains.

There is indeed no place in the Alps more delightful.

Possessing so many and varied natural attractions—snow-clad peaks, deep and dangerous ravines, babbling brooks, flowing through miniature valleys, and roaring cataracts tumbling over precipitous crags, making up, with the irregular expanse of dark blue waters of the lovely lake, a grand ensemble of Natures most attractive features, this may be called the paradise of Switzerland.

Shortly after leaving Lucerne, an excellent view of the Rigi is obtained.

Near its base, farm houses, gardens and fruit trees cover the graceful slopes that lead to forests and green pastures, which

BITS OF TRAVEL.

encircle it above and crown its summit.

Opposite the Rigi, Pilatus rises abruptly from the shore.

Its barren and rugged peaks, seldom entirely free from cloud or mist, frown grimly over the cheerful landscape, presenting a marked contrast to the pastoral scene on the other side of the lake.

At Brunnen, on the east shore, the south arm of the lake, called the Lake of

Uri, commences.

The banks approach each other, and the peaks rise almost perpendicularly from the water, often to so great an altitude that their tops are covered with snow or veiled in mist. On the west bank of the narrow lake the guides direct attention to a pyramid of rock, rising from the surface of the water eighty feet.

On its face appears an inscription in large letters of gold, to the memory of Schiller, "the Bard of Tell."

There is another inscription on the same rock to a young Swiss officer, who accidentally lost his life at this place several years ago.

About a mile from here are the three springs of the Rutli, which trickle from an artificially planted rock, surrounded with pleasant grounds.

This spot is owned by the Swiss confederation, deriving its importance from the historic interest attached to it, and is described in the following lines from Schiller's poem, "William Tell.""On the lake's left bank, As we sail hence to Brunnen, right against

The Mythenstein, deep hidden in the wood

A meadow lies, by shepherds called the Rootli, Because the wood has been uprooted there.

'Tis where our canton's bound'ries verge on yours Thither by lonely bypaths let us wend

At midnight and deliberate o'er our plans."

At this romantic place, on the memorable night of November 7, 1307, thirtythree men met and entered into a solemn compact to be faithful to each other, and never to rest until the Austrian oppressor was driven from the land.

Tradition relates that on the spot where the three confederate leaders, Werner Stauffacher of Schwyz, Arnold of Unterwalden and

Walter Fiirstof Uri, took the oath, three fountains sprang up and were afterwards enclosed in a hut built over them.

On a ledge of rock at the foot of the Axenberg, shaded by overhanging trees and washed by the waters of the lake, stands the far-famed Tell's Chapel.

It is said to be located on the spot where the illustrious Swiss patriot landed when he jumped ashore from Gessler's boat, and is held dear to the memory of the inhabitants for many miles around to the present day.

The chapel contains frescoes representing scenes in the life of Tell.

On a certain Sunday in each year mass is performed in it, and boat loads of gaily attired peasants flock from all parts of the lake shore to attend.

Usually a patriotic discourse is delivered, and a general holiday indulged in by the people.

It is not far from this place that the passes of the Axenstrasse are seen.

Chromos and engravings of the picturesque tunnels cut through the calcareous rock, and of the projecting roadway hanging alarmingly over the lake, are to be found in all civilized countries, which fact alone indicates how beautiful and interesting are the scenes in this region.

A few minutes after passing the Chapel the little town of Fluelen becomes visible, nestling in a corner of the towering hills that close in together, bounding the lake and leaving only room between for the passage of the Reuss, which at this point has but attained the size of an inconsiderable brook.

Two miles from Fluelen is Altorf, capital of the canton Uri, containing nearly three thousand inhabitants.

It is a pleasant little town, around which centres a great deal of interest as being the traditional scene of the wonderful exploits of Tell, in the great part he is supposed to have taken in the liberation of his country from the yoke of Austrian tyranny.

It may be well here to observe that while tradition speaks with warm enthusiasm of William

Tell, and enshrines his memory among

"BOYS WILL BE BOYS:

the patriots, with a victor's crown, the written history of Switzerland fails even to mention his name.

However, in Altorf a colossal statue is erected to his memory on the spot, it is said, from which the intrepid archer aimed at the apple placed on the head of his son, at the command of Gessler.

About one hundred and fifty paces distant, and around a corner of a modern street, is a fountain, which occupies the place where the old lime tree stood against which was placed the fearless boy to await the arrow from his father's bow.

A party of young ladies from Salt Lake City were visiting these scenes a few summers ago, and were greatly interested in the story of the guide, as he pointed out the various points of this wonderful feat of the renowned archer.

What particularly puzzled one of the ladies was how in the world Tell, or any other man could shoot around the corner of the street.

It is but a short distance to Burglen, a picturesque village situated on a commanding height, and reputed to be the birthplace and home of Tell;

a fitting scene to call up in the hero's heart that grand and patriotic thought that seemed to swell within his breast when he exclaimed:

"Ye crags and peaks I'm with you once again!

I hold to you the hands you first beheld,

To show they still are free.

Methinks I hear A spirit in your echoes answer me, And bid your tenant welcome to his home again."

From Fluelen the diligence journey over the magnificent pass of St. Gotthard is commenced, an account of which, taken under the difficulties of winter, will be the subject for our next.

Dc Vallibus.

Correct Speaking.—We would advise all young people to acquire, in early life, the habit of correct speaking and writing;

and to abandon, as early as possible, any use of slang words and phrases.

The longer you live, the more difficult correct language will be; and if the golden age of youth, the proper season for the acquisition of language, be passed in its abuse, the unfortunate victim, if neglected, is very properly doomed to talk slang for life.

Money is not necessary to procure this education.

Every man has it in his power.

He has merely to use the language which he reads, instead of the slang phrases which he hears;

to form his taste from the best speakers and poets in the country;

to treasure up choice phrases in his memory, and habituate himself to their use, avoiding at the same time that pedantic precision and bombast, which show the weakness of vain ambition rather than the polish of an educated man.

"BOYS WILL BE BOYS."There is an old saying, which is often repeated by over-indulgent parents as an excuse for the follies and misdeeds of youth -< boys -will be boys"—and the boys hearing it, take the liberty implied by the sentence, and the way it is uttered, to act in a more unbecoming manner than before, thinking they have the right to behave, or rather misbehave, as they please.

A wiser saying would be "boys will be men."There is something in this that awakes reflection and appeals, to the better nature.

We all like to think of manhood there seems to be a fascination in life that increases with our years until manhood is attained, and even then keeps us looking forward to a time that is to come, while we often forget the lessons of the past, or the duties of to-day.

Day by day we are making our own record, forming habits that will no doubt cling to us as long as we live, and shaping our lives either for good or evil, for honor or disgrace;

which shall it be?

If we are not taking the best course, now is the time to change and get on the right track.

The young man who would be an honor to his parents and a respected member of society, must learn in his youth to say

ABUAM AND ZIMRI.

"No"when tempted to do that which he knows to be wrong.

Not in smoking, drinking, lying, swearing, or otherwise aping the vices of men, do we act the manly part, but in living above reproach, in avoiding evil companions and resisting all temptations to do wrong;

in honoring and obeying our parents, and striving to do the will of God;

in all this do we best fit ourselves for lives of usefulness upon the earth, and for the duties and responsibilities of manhood.

We read on the cover of the Contributor that "The society of the future is what we make it;"let us not forget that on our individual efforts depend not only our own lives, but in a great measure the history of the world for we have an influence, and can use it for good or evil;

let us use it for good every day of our lives, that the society of the future, as far as we are concerned in the forming of it, may be all that could be desired, and the world the better that we have lived.

Then in old age we shall not be ashamed of our youth, but may be able to look back on a life well spent, and look forward to a glory and exaltation with our Heavenly Father through life eternal.

George Manwaring.

ABRAM AND ZIMRI.

[The following composition accidentally fell into our hands.

It is a Deseret University student's exercise in Rhetoric, and not only possesses literary merit, but the subject teaches a high moral lesson.

—Editor.] Abram and Zimri were brothers, and tilled their lands in a happy vale together.

The same plow turned the sod of both their farms in the Spring, and when the Autumn came with its fruitful harvest, they shared equally the bounteous product of their common labor, and each stored away his portion in his barn.

Now Abram had a wife and seven sons, but Zimri lived alone.

One evening, as Zimri lay upon his lonely bed, he thought of Abram and his family, and said within himself: "There is my brother Abram.

He has a wife and seven sons, for whom he must provide, while I have neither wife nor child, and yet we share our crops alike.

Surely this is injustice to my brother.

I will arise and gird myself, and go down to the fields to add unto my brother's store."So he girded up his loins and went softly to the field.

The moon looked out from between the murky clouds, and threw a shimmering light upon the stubbled field, but newly reaped.

He took a generous third of sheaves from his own abundant store, and carried them unto his brother Abram's pile, and then returned with a light heart to his home, and soundly slept.

As Abram lay upon his bed that night, he thought of his brother and said within himself:

"There is my brother Zimri.

He is alone.

He has no sons to help him.

He does his work without assistance, while I have seven lusty sons who bind my sheaves, and yet we equally divide our gains.

Surely this is not pleasing in the sight of God.

I will arise and go down to the field and add unto my brother's store.

The trees stood up straight in the light of the cold, round moon, and their j'ellow leaves were shown, then hidden, as the playful moon sported with the clouds.

Abram arose and girded up his loins, and, guided by the doubtful light, stole softly to the fertile field.

From his ample store he took a generous third, and carried it to add unto his brother Zimri's pile, and then returned with a glad heart to his home and slept, for his soul was untormented.

When morning came, and each surveyed his store of sheaves, he wondered how it was his own store was not decreased, although the night before he

SLEEP AND DEATH.

had given away a third;

but neither of the brothers spoke in explanation.

At length their day's toil was ended, the sun reclined upon its bed covered by the western hills, and the brothers returned to their homes.

Before the generous Zimri slept that night, he arose and girded up his loins, and led by the beneficent thought that Abram's share should be greater than his own, again he visited the scene of his exploit the night before.

The tall cedars stood up black against the sky, and the moon silvered their high tops with a mellow, slanting light.

Again he carried from his sheaves a third, and stored them with his brother Abram's lot, and then retired behind his pile to watch.

It was not long before the noble Abram came stealing softly down the silent field.

He turned now right, now left, as if he wished not to be seen, and took from his sheaves again the third, to Zimri's store.

And now the brothers met.

Zimri saw it all, but could not speak, for his heart was full, and he leaned upon his brother's breast and wept.

SLEEP AND DEATH.

When the sable curtains of night are drawn around creation, the world and its beauties are hid from our view, and are no more to us till morning approaches when the sun arises in splendor and reillumines the earth. As night approaches, we feel the necessity of repose, the allotted portion of time for our daily labors is accomplished;

we commend ourselves to the protection of that God whose mercy is over all his works, and stretched upon our beds, we calmly await the approach of sleep;

when it has "steeped our senses in forgetfulness,''pulsation slackens, and the blood circulates with less rapidity, our limbs become almost immovable, our features inanimate, if in deep sleep we may be touched, or even moved without knowing it, and if called by name, are no longer sensible of hearing.

Who can view this counterpart of death without thinking of the reality?

Yet, while the sleeper seems thus inanimate, the spirit is enjoying a world of its own, and is per-, haps laughing or weeping, or conversing with relations or friends, who are perhaps, many miles distant, or, who have passed to that "bourne, from whence no traveler returns,"or with beings whom imagination alone created.

Does not all this declare "'the Divinity that stirs within us?"

Morning at length approaches, the sun arises with invigorating splendor and dispels the vapors of night; renovated life takes possession of the inanimate form we so lately viewed, and renewed strength fits him for the duties of the day.

Thus it is with the approach of death this world closes upon us, and its beauties and pleasures are no more for us.

We are stretched upon the bed of sickness, our warfare is accomplished, we feel we stand in need of rest.

The Christian commends his soul to that omniscient Being who bestowed it, and with confidence in his Maker, awaits the sleep of death; and though the body becomes inanimate, the.

soul is enjoying endless felicity in the Paradise of God, and the lifeless frame shall yet again receive a new and immortal life when the "sun of righteousness"alone illuminates the earth.

Rex.

He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty.

Never permit yourself to retrograde.

It is "as easy as lying"to go backward?

but no true man will ever take a step in that direction.

Keep your position.

Work for it.

Go forward, if only a single step in a year; even so little will be something gained.

Fix your aim ahead and high.

Never trample on any one else.

Never allow any fainting or falling back—never think such a thing possible.

From to-morrow always be able to look back to where you stood yesterday, not to have it look back upon you.

ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

REPORT OF THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

MEMB'RSHIP MEETINGS.

MISSIONARY LABOR.

STAKE.

SUPERINTENDENT.

s bo « a•

W1 in c o 09> t- *5 *c3 o o 's?

oh O 0ti w o c o o o Z;i:"Bear Lake.

Beaver Box Elder..

Cache Davis Juab Kanab Millard Morgan Panguitch...

Parowan Salt Lake....

Sanpete St. George..

Sevier Summit Tooele Utah Wasatch....

Weber H. S. Wooley S. A. Wixom T. PL Wilde George L.

Farrell...

B. H. Roberts Thos. Crawley W. D. Johnson, jr..

Alma Greenwood....

Wm. G. Brough David Cameron John Parry, jr Jos. H. Felt J. F. Allred, M. P.Romney D. E. Harris O. F. Lyons H. B. Haynes M. H. Hardy David L. Murdock.

Jos. A. West 57:

*Last Year's Report.

Totals, |239 9206 5755 47|2640 551 156 3394 1326 1155J390 73 IS Reports of the organization of Associations at Sunset, Arizona;

Liverpool, England;

Laie, ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCES.

The quarterly conference of the Y. M.

M.

I. A. of Weber Stake was held in -the

Tabernacle, Ogden City, April n, 1880.

General SuperintendentWilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith, Moses

Thatcher* F.

D.

Richards, Junius F. Wells and others were present on the stand.

The meeting was called to order by Supt.

Jos. A. West.

The reports of the different wards were read by their respective presidents.

They showed that the work is progressing favorably among the young of this Stake.

A compiled report of the county was read by Supt. West, and the morning exercises were concluded by an address from Supt. Woodruff, who spoke on different interesting topics for the young.

In the afternoon the sacrament was administered, and Supt.

Woodruff gave notice of the additional organization made to the Y. M. M.

I. A., by which he had been appointed Superintendent of the Associations, and Apostles Jos. F. Smith and Moses Thatcher his Counselors. The former officers of the Weber County Stake were then nominated by the Gen-

ASSOC!A TION INTELLIGENCE.

2'5 ASSOCIATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDING MARCH 31, 1880.

EXERCISES.

SCRIPTURE READING.

SUBJECTIVE LECTURES.

w 1-1V •d 1) en O enU s "o> -0 -0 n Oh.

"S T3 O V 3 m <v tn tHu ft ca l °i rt 1) ai 3 > V cc >1 U u O "O U v "3 Ih OU O.

IS °3 O 2 3 Z, J) <5 3 5s m '3 U A a H O 1u ^3 J "3 H H 'o £4 u,£3 A PQ OO pa Q m ffl u.* $ 280 60 200 00 ISO SO 212 00 757 2108 341?

414 85 29G 165 60 206 50 IS 10 25 G( 135 50 2(1 735 00 193 50 looe 53 00 94 85 29 95 37C 924 60 125 33fc 43S 175 25 155 00 4 26668 31369 10971 5980 3840 7796 55256 95 3554 $3986 45 274 14759 8212 717115501 J7701? 1015 812 2904 3295 Sandwich Islands; have been received, without statistics.

eral Superintendent, and unanimously sustained by the congregation.

This was followed by a very pleasing and instructive address from Apostle Moses Thatcher, on the habits and customs of the ancient Aztecs, and their mythological and historical traditions, which furnish conclusive evidences of the authenticity of the Book of Mormon.

Apostle Jos. F. Smith arose and made timely and powerful remarks on the necessity of cultivating morality, and on the influence and rights of women.

He was followed by Elder Junius F. Wells, who, among other suggestions, advised the Associations to commit to memory the Constitution of the United States, takingregular lessons at each meeting.

Supt. West expressed his gratification with the many good things heard, and gave some local instructions to the Associations of this Stake.

With an earnest prayer for the welfare of the cause, he adjourned the meeting for three months.

The Quarterly Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I. A. of Tooele County was held in Grantsville, April 18.

Verbal reports, showing that all the Associations are in active and improving condition, were given by President F. Kesler, of Grantsville,

Counselor A.

J.

McCuistion, of

2l6 ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Tooele, Joseph Rowberry, President of

Batesville, T. W.

Lee, of E.

T.

City.

Superintendent H.

B.

Haynes represented Lake View and St. John's Associations.

Remarks were made by Superintendent Haynes, Moroni

Pickett, President F. M. Lyman, Jas. Ure, Jno. Tate, Jr., and Robt. Brown, after which the following stake officers were unanimously sustained:

H. B. Haynes, Superintendent;

Jno. VV. Tate, First, and Robt. Brown, Second Counselors; H. T. Green, Secretary; T. W. Lee, Treasurer.

The Spirit of the Lord was made manifest all through the Conference.

Good advice was given and exhortation to faithfulness.

Remarks were made upon self-culture, and the necessity of our observing: the law of tithing.

The Quarterly Conference of the Y.

M. M.

I. Associations of Box Elder Co.

convened in the Court House, Brigham City, on Sunday evening, April 25, 1880.

Meeting called to order by Superintendent J. H. Wilde, Avho said: "Since our last Conference I have visited many of the Associations of the Stake, and know from personal observation that the meetings have been better attended, and more interest manifested in them, than during any previous winter since our organization."

Urged the members to renewed diligence after which he called upon the following Presidents to represent their respective Associations: John

Peters spoke briefly of the South Ward Association; E. A. Box represented the

Second Ward, Brigham City, B. Tippets the Third, and C.

Jensen the Mantua Ward.

The Stake officers were unanimously sustained in their positions, by the customary vote as follows:—Superintendent,

Thos.

H.

Wilde;

Counselors, B.

M.

Young and N. Madsen, Jr.

; Recording Secretary, R. H. Jones; Corresponding

Secretary, E. H. Pierce.

Apostle Moses Thatcher expressed pleasure and satisfaction at hearing the reports, and learning of the improvement made by our young people of these Associations.

Spoke of his personal acquaintance with Signor Altimirano, the second Judge of Mexico, and gave quite an extended history of him and his nation.

Advised the young people to marry early, and not wait to better their financial condition.

Touched upon intemperance, and said: "As a general rule, a young man has no license to commit an error that he would consider unchristianlike or unladylike in his sister."Read from the Doctrine and Covenants, and urged the necessity of becoming more familiar with the sublime truths contained in it, which cannot be grasped by any one mortal mind at one reading or two.

Concluded by referring to the two summary commandments of our Savior: "Observe them and you will soon learn that upon these things hang all the law and the prophets."After singing by the choir, Conference was adjourned for three months.

Benediction by E. H. Pierce.

Publications Received.—From Jas.

Dwyer we have lately received the following cheap publications.

They are of the"Standard Series,"which the publishers are issuing at remarkably low prices, placing the choicest works of the best authors in the reach of every one.

We are particularly pleased with "Knight's Popular History of England,"the volumes of which are now out, and cost but cents each.

The entire history, in eight parts, costs but $2.40, and is well worth binding.

Macaulay's Essays, 15 cents; Carlyle's Essays, 20 cents Life and work of St. Paul, by Canon Farrar, two parts, 25 cents each The Imitation of Christ, by Thomas a Kempis, 15 cents;

Self Culture, by John Stuart Blackie, 10 cents.

We have also received from the respective authors, "A Treatise on Silk Culture,"by Daniel Graves, and "The Latter-day Prophet,"by Elder John Nicholson.