'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of Knowledge."

Vol.

I.

FEBRUARY, 1880.

No.

5.

CONFIDENCE.

The practice of evil speaking, slandering and proclaiming unjust judgments, to the destruction of confidence, is too prevalent among us as a people.

It is the source of many sins, which, if not discontinued, will bring retribution.

I write plainly, but only assert, regarding these things, what the whole people know to be true.

I have but one object in view, and that is the accomplishment of good, by warning the young against practices, the fruits of which have been and always will be bitter.

Notwithstanding the wheat and tares must grow together until the time of separation, by those who shall be fully qualified to accomplish the work of plucking out and binding the latter for the fire, without destroying the former;

yet we can but feel that there are tares enough in the world without raising them among the few stalks of wheat, which the Lord through the untiring efforts of His servants has planted in Zion.

Whatever may be our feelings and desires regarding these matters, we cannot ignore the fact that we have some among us who speak evil of their neighbors;

and who, year after year, cherish animosity in their hearts, thereby eating and di inking condemnation to their souls;

for such seldom have wisdom enough to refrain from partaking of the sacrament.

If they ever knew, they seem to have forgotten the following commandment:

•'Therefore, if thou brine: thy grift to the alter, and there rememberest that thy brother hath aught against thee leave then thy gift before the alter and go thy way;

first be reconciled to thy brother and then come and offer thy gift."But, says the slanderer, the harsh unjust judge or false accuser, How shall I know whether or not my brother has aught against me?

Hypocrite!

it is no fault of yours if he has not.

Let him measure to you the measure of unjust judgment, which you, without stint, have heaped upon him, and then ask yourself if you have aught against him.

Be we seventies or high priests, presidents or members, apostles or deacons, and do these things, Satan has a hook in our jaws, with which he will lead us into other temptations and sins, unless we repent, until he will plant in our hearts the enmity of hell and the hatred of the damned.

Of all people on earth, we ought fully to comprehend this for surely we have been made to feel the poisoned sting of slander, and to suffer, some even unto death, under the false accusations of such as love and make a lie.

Is there an Elder in Israel who does not comprehend the hatred of a wicked world, or who does not know that the inhabitants thereof have sought to hedge up the way and stay the progress of God's kingdom?

In trying to accomplish which they have persecuted and misrepresented us, and have traversed land and sea to hurt and annoy.

They have

CONFIDENCE.

used the sword, bayonet and bullet, and have invoked, for our destruction, the aggressive powers of cities, countries, states, and governments.

Backed by legislative, judicial and executive encouragement, they have heaped upon us carpet-bag rulers, who with unmeasured wickedness have hated us.

But, through the infinite mercy of our heavenly Father, notwithstanding all their efforts, we are increasing and spreading abroad upon the face of the land.

And were it not for the evils existing among us, seriously effecting the basis of our social happiness, we would abound far more than we do now, in the better gifts and prevailing powers of the kingdom.

Permit me to illustrate, by drawing from the occurrences of daily life, how these small sins, so called, bear fruits of bitterness, destroy confidence and cut us off from a saving faith in God: As with the people of the world, so to a great extent it is with us.

In health and while surrounded with prosperity, family and friends, we are not always as humble and prayerful as we should be.

While enjoying these gifts, with but little thought of the Giver, one who is in full standing in the church, enters into a business transaction with his brother, in which he imagines the latter secures the better bargain, and he therefore feels himself aggrieved and injured.

He believes that his brother, in making the trade, misrepresented facts.

The Bible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants each point him to the remedy;

and he is not ignorant of the course to pursue in such a case;

for the servants of the Lord, faithful to their calling, are constantly admonishing the saints to follow the ways of truth.

He himself may preach th§ doctrines of the gospel, and as an expounder of the word, understands the law quite clearly.

But he goes not according to the commandment, alone to his brother, seeking in the spirit of humility and kindness to tell him of his fault, real or imaginary, that his brother may have a chance, through making restitu- tion if necessary, to be "gained"by fully securing a reconciliation.

"Oh no,"says he, "It is a small matter and

I can stand it if my brother can.

I will forgive him but I will not forget it soon.

I shall never trust him again, for

I have no confidence in him.

He may be honest but I doubt it."He does not tell all this to his brother.

No, indeed, he is far too considerate and kind for that, and has been a saint too long to hurt any one's feelings by offering an open insult.

Not he But he will just ease his mind by naming the matter to a few of his personal friends, requesting them, of course, to keep it secret.

Now such ways and such secrets form an important part of

Satan's stock in trade;

and, through them man is made to feel the bitter sting of an injured reputation.

His brother has forgiven him, but such forgiveness is of the kind that kills.

It is like the grasp of friendship with one hand, while the other, with a dagger, is made to pierce the heart.

Of such deceit was the kiss that betrayed the Savior.

Now my young readers I have a few questions to ask.

Of course it is not supposed that you know as much about the laws and requirements of the gospel of perfect liberty, as many of your older brethren do.

But you have learned some of its principles while attending Sunday schools, general meetings, and those of your Associations, as well as by reading.

Now what I want to ask you is this: Has a man the right, according to the Gospel, to tell others of the grievances which he holds against his brother, instead of going with them personally and alone to him?

Having failed to do this, that he might forgive as required, does he not stand condemned before the Lord?

It condemned before the Lord, having the weight of the greater sin upon him, what right have the people to hold him in full fellowship until he repents and as far as possible makes restitution?

Again, is it honorable, just, charitable or kind to allow such a man, while breaking a positive law of the Lord, to poison and pre-

CONFIDENCE.

judice our minds against his neighbor, and for us then to turn around on the hearsay of only one side, and try to plant the same wicked impressions in the hearts of others?

In doing this may we not destroy the confidence of the people in a man who is honest, self-sacrificing and good?

And is it not cowardly and wicked to even try to make such a stumbling block to the saints?

If we do our duty as Latter-day Saints, when he first confides to us his grievances against his brother, should we not tell him plainly that he should seek redress according to the law of the Lord?

If he refuses to do this and persists in speaking to the injury of his brother, is it not also our duty to prefer a charge against him for slandering his neighbor?

Carrying the responsibility a ltttle further, is it not the duty of those who hear men cast insinuations of cruel suspicion on the character of others to require them, before the bishop of the ward, to prove the truth of their hurtful accusations?

If we would all do our duty in these things and enforce the laws of the Lord, do you not think the dishonest, the liar, deceiver, slanderer and hypocrite in

Zion would tremble?

Will not a person who slanders your neighbor, also, when an opportunity arises, slander you?

Is it not true that those who, without protest listen to slander, will also try and make others listeners?

Is not a go-between, a mischief-maker, a wicked and dangerous character in any community?

Leaving parties interested to form their own judgment regarding these things, let us hear the voice of the watchmen who, standing on the walls, see afar off, and at the same time understand the condition of affairs nearly.

"Many persons have claimed fellowship in the Church who have not lived according to the requirements of the Gospel?

but this should no longer be permitted.

The laws of the Lord must be more strictly enforced, and such persons must repent and bring forth the fruits of righteousness in their lives, or be severed from the Church.

If persons professing to be members of the Church be guilty of lying, drunkenness, Sabbath-breaking, profanity, defrauding or back-biting their neighbor, or any other kind of wickedness or unrighteous dealing, they should be visited by the teachers of the ward in which they reside, and their wrongs be pointed out to them, in the spirit of meekness and brotherly kindness, and they be exhorted to repent.

If they should persist in their wrong doing, then their cases should be brought before the bishop and his counselors, and they should be cited to appear to answer the charges brought against them.

If, upon proper and sufficient testimony, it should appear that they have been guilty of acts which are in violation of the laws of God, and they will not repent, they should be expelled from the Church, and their names no longer numbered among the Saints.

If teachers, priests and bishops and other officers, suffer iniquity to exist in the Church, in districts where they preside, without taking action against it, they become partakers of other men's sins and they are unworthy of their positions.

If an officer of the Church will not perform his duty faithfully, he should be removed, and another appointed in his stead."

The above extract is from the Circular of the First Presidency of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, to the

Presidency of the various Stakes of Zion, to the Bishops of the different Wards, and to all officers and members of the Church, issued July u, 1877.

These instructions are so plain and positive that comments are unnecessary.

I shall therefore close this number, by expressing a fear that there is not one of the twenty stakes in Zion, wherein these instructions are enforced according to the meaning thereof, or according to the inspiration of the spirit by which they were written.

The Lord knows that this apprehension is not groundless.

May His power pierce the hearts, and cry in the ears of the guilty:

"Thou art the man."Moses Thatcher.

BUOYANCY OF THE AIR; THE BALLOON.

BUOYANCY OF THE AIR; THE BALLOON.

It is a fact well known to every one that if a light object, as a piece of cork or wood be thrown into water it will rise to the surface and remain there.

The reason for this is that the object is much lighter than water, but just 'as soon as we take something else heavier, bulk for bulk, than water, it will immediately sink to the bottom.

After what was stated in the last number in regard to the substantial nature of the atmosphere, we can readily see that it is possible for a very light object to float in the air, just like cork in water. A very common illustration of this, is noticed in the ascent of flame and smoke.

In this case the air is highly heated, expands, becomes lighter, and consequently rises, carrying along with it the small particles of coal in smoke, and those particles heated red hot in the case of flame.

In order to facilitate the upward movement of smoke, and to prevent it from moving in a horizontal direction, chimneys are constructed, and are generally made to taper upwards, so that as the heated air rises, and contracts, in consequence of loosing its heat, there will be just room enough to contain the ascending column, and no space will be left for the cold air from above to descend and thus create a downward current.

In an open grate the cold air enters the chimney above the fire and mixes with the warm air, thus making it heavier and preventing it from rising as rapidly. Here there is but little draft;

but when we put on a blower the air must now pass through the coals, and this has the effect of heating the air, and also to supply the coal with the oxygen of the air which it must use in the process of burning. The result of this operation is that a powerful draft is at once created, as the air rushing through the coal increases the fire, and this in turn heats the air that has passed through it, causing it to rise more rrapidly.

If there arc two fires in a room, it frequently happens that one of them smokes, while the other does not.

This may arise from the fact that one of them does not draw so well as the other, and hence a current of cold air passes down through it to supply the other.

This may sometimes be remedied by opening a window or door, and allowing sufficient air to enter to supply both chimneys.

The few facts stated above may be applied in ventilation.

The time when navigation was discovered must date very far back, in fact beyond any historical record that we are now acquainted with.

Great progress has been made in this, until now we have reached a very high degree of perfection, but not so with flying.

The nature of the air has been but little understood until within the last two or three centuries, and although at first sight it may seem that navigation in the air is not much more difficult than on the water, we find on comparing them more carefully there is great difference.

Water is a fluid, such that if any pressure, no matter how great, be applied to it, it cannot be compressed, or at most but very little, but this is by no means so in regard to the air, which if confined will yield to the slightest pressure.

In former times it was supposed that the air is an envelope surrounding the earth and having a well defined limit like the surface of the water, but we now know howfalse this idea is.

Therefore in case we construct a vessel to float in the air, it cannot float on the surface but must float entirely immersed in the fluid.

Again, a ship is acted on by two fluids, that is, it floats on the surface of water, and is propelled by the action of the air, but in the case of a balloon, there is but one fluid concerned.

Thus we see from what is stated above, and for other reasons that might be stated, that there is a great difference between sailing on water and in the air.

In the one case the world has made great progress, while the other is

BUOYANCY OF THE AIR; THE BALLOON.

still in its infancy, and at the present time there seems but little prospect of our advancing much beyond this point.

In very ancient times we have accounts of machines that were constructed for flying, but these are considered at the present time, as nothing more than mere fables.

In the middle ages, when superstition prevailed to a great extent over all Europe, nearly all persons who possessed a little more knowledge than usual were credited with the power of flying, and were supposed to be in league with the devil, so that even if any one should happen to make any important discovery it would be dangerous to make it known, as he would be liable to punishment for witchcraft.

But with all that has been claimed by the distinguished men of those times it is quite certain that nothing of importance was accomplished in this line, as some of their ideas fully prove.

It was supposed that fire is of an ethereal nature, and that if any hollow body could be filled with it, it would certainly float. Dew was supposed to be deposited by the stars in the night, but as it disappeared in the day time, it was believed to be taken up to the heavens again. Hence some of the distinguished scientists of those times declare that if hen's eggs be filled with dew, they will rise just as soon as the sun makes its appearance in the morning, and we even have accounts of persons that attempted to make a voyage to the moon by means of vessels filled with dew, but unfortunately as they were ascending some of the vessels broke and they were obliged to return to earth again.

We cannot expect much from the middle ages when they deal in such absurdities as these.

In the time of king James IV., of Scotland an Italian appeared at his court, and claimed that he could construct a flying machine. He was given every encouragement, and at pnce applied himself to the construction of an immense pair of wings.

When these were finished he took his position on the walls of Sterling Castle, declaring that he intended to fly to France.

He started, but of course, fell to the ground;

in the fall he broke his thigh bone.

He declared, however, that his want of success was due to the fact that he had used, in constructing his wings, feathers that had some affinity for the dunghill and hence drew him down to earth, but if he had used only the feathers of the eagle, he would certainly have been drawn to the air; one thing is certain, he never made the attempt again.

Borelli a mathematician, demonstrated beyond a doubt, that it is impossible to fly by means of wings, unless the muscular power of man be much increased above what it is now.

But he did not, as some suppose, show that it is impossible to construct a machine for that purpose.

Lana was the first to propose the construction of a machine based on correct principles. A number of hollow globes of copper were to be prepared, and from these the air was to be exhausted they were then to be attached to a light boat supplied with sails for directing its motion.

Although correct in principle, his plan could not be reduced to practice.

The globes must be made so thin that they would fall to pieces even by their own weight, and then the immense pressure of the atmosphere from the outside, after the air from within is exhausted would easily crush them even if made much stronger.

Two brothers, Stephen and Joseph Montgolfier, of France, were the inventors of the balloon.

They noticed that smoke and clouds rise to the higher regions of the atmosphere, a fact with which we are all acquainted, but which had never been applied to any use until their time.

It was known to them that smoke arises in consequence of being carried up by something that originates from the fire. We now know that it rises simply from the fact that the air is heated and carries the smoke along with it in its ascent.

The first balloon was made ot paper, and the air within heated with

MAHOMET AND HIS RELIGION.

a straw fire. As soon as it was released it began to rise immediately, and remained in the air for some minutes, when the air within cooling, it soon fell to the ground.

This occurred on June 5, 1783.

Shortlyafter this M. Charles of

Paris, sent up a balloon, but instead of filling it with hot air he proposed to fill it with hydrogen gas, as this is about fourteen times lighter than the air.

Owing to the imperfect methods then known of obtaining the gas, it required considerable time before it could be filled.

Bulletins were posted up in Paris every day announcing the progress made.

Finally it was filled and allowed to rise.

So much interested were the people in this experiment that, though a drizzling rain began to pour clown shortly after it was released, men and women of quality were still found in the streets, intently watching it as it ascended like a black speck over the city.

In the same year, 1783, Pilatre de Rozier first ascended in a balloon.

He was soon followed by others, all of whom were quite successful, though in some cases running considerable risks.

He in company with Romain made an attempt to cross the English channel with two balloons, one filled with hydrogen the other with hot air.

As they could regulate the heat of the balloon, they believed that they would be able to rise or sink at pleasure.

They had not gone far when a bright flash was noticed by the spectators, and at once the two voyagers began to fall.

The balloons had taken fire at an elevation of three thousand feet, and thus precipitated their burden to the earth.

The first fell dead instantly, Romain lived about ten minutes after the fall.

The balloon has been much used for purposes of pleasure, but of late years it has been also used in making scientific experiments in regard to the atmosphere, to ascertain the amount of watery vapor, carbonic acid, etc., at various elevations.

At the time of the French Revolution the balloon was made use of by the French to reconnoitre the position of the enemy, and it is said that on one or two occasions it was of great assistance to them.

But subsequently little seems to have been accomplished by its use, though it was employed in the Crimean war, and also during the rebellion in McClellan's army.

Within the last year or two several ascents have been made in the United States, and in some cases the results have been fatal.

To what all these experiments will lead, is difficult to say.

It seems, however, that there is little probability of our making any great headway in this direction, as we are now little if any in advance of balloonists of a century ago.

Quebec.

MAHOMET AND HIS RELIGION.

Mohammedanism with two hundred million believers, stands third in point of numbers among the religious bodies of the world;

Christianity, under its diverse and contradictory forms, being first; and

Buddhism, second.

Something concerning the founder and characteristics of a faith professed by such a large factor of the Earth's population, may not be unacceptable to the readers of the Contributor.

Arabia, the cradle of Islamism, was peopled, according to Arabian tradition, by the progeny of Shem.

Ishmael the son of Abraham afterwards settled in this semi-desert, and now many of its nomadic tribes may be found who ascribe their origin to him.

In the "Days of Ignorance,"as the Arabian calls the time previous to Mahomet, the people were divided between two religious beliefs.

The Sabeans originally believed in the existence of God and worshipped the stars as the abodes of his angels;

but the religion became debased, and the stars themselves were worshipped as

MAHOMET AND HIS RELIGION.

deities;

so with the Magians, followers of Zoroaster, who primitively held similar ideas of God;

but the sun was substituted as their object of adoration, and they forgot that they once looked upon this orb only as an instance of the power and beneficence of its Creator.

Idols and images were found in every temple, before which the tent dwellers and the builders of castles, as the two classes of

Arabs were designated according to their mode of life, bowed in idolatrous worship.

Mahomet was born in Mecca, April, A.

D. 569, or a year later, according to some historians, and was of the powerful tribe of the Koreishites.

Miraculous occurrences are said to have taken place at his birth;

the fire in the sacred temple of the

Magians, which had burned without interruption for a thousand years, was suddenly extinguished; by dreams and otherwise the rulers of surrounding countries were apprised that some calamity awaited them.

The babe was no sooner born than, opening his eyes, he exclaimed:

"God is great, there is no God but God, and I am his prophet."Reared under the administration of angels, so says Abulfada and other Moslem historians, and by nature a devout and honest person, he became known in his native place as a man in whose honesty and judgment all could place unlimited confidence.

He was poor at first, but became subsequently very wealthy by marriage.

When about forty years of age he became a hermit and lived in the cavern of Hara near Mecca.

During his whole life he was subject to a malady, which rendered him temporarily insensible while so affected he professed to have received the revelations which compose the Koran.

It was during his hermitage, and while laboring under this mental distemper, that he had a dream in which Allah commissioned him to preach, and appointed him the

Divine representative on earth.

He told his dream to his devoted wife, who assured him that he had undoubtedly received the "Divine Annunciation."At first, he doubted, but the repeated assurances of his wife and a few of his most intimate friends convinced him, and he began to proclaim his religion to those of his own household.

He met with but little success and at the end of three years had made only forty converts.

Even the people of Mecca, except a very few of his own tribe, were as yet ignorant of his religion, and did not dream that such a power was fomenting in their midst.

From the nature of his pretensions and doctrines, he became odious to his native people, who saw that he was making proselytes of their relatives and friends.

Pilgrimages were made to Mecca in the "Days of Ignorance,"for it contained the Caaba, the chief temple of the Sabeans.

It was during the holy month that Mahomet met a number of chiefs from Medina, a city of Arabia about two hundred and seventy-five miles north of

Mecca.

He made a number of important conversions among these influential men, and thus secured himself a place of refuge in case of continued persecutions in his native city.

It was not long before he was required to avail himself of the protection of his Medina converts;

for the chiefs of his own tribe, considering that his heresy was bringing disgrace upon their name, decided to band together to rid themselves and the world of such a dangerous impostor.

The time was appointed for them to slay him, but learning of their nefarious purpose, he escaped from the back door as the assassins were entering the front.

After painful sufferings and many hair-breadth escapes from his determined pursuers, he reached Medina, in company with his faithful follower and first successor, Abu Beker.

This event, known in history as the Hegira of the Prophet, occurred in 622, and is the epoch from which all Mussulmen compute time.

To repay the people of Medina for their timely aid, he promised to make their city his home and last

io4 MAHOMET AND HIS RELIGION.

resting place; both of these promises he faithfully fulfilled, although in after years he was much importuned to return to Mecca.

Soon after the flight Mahomet built his first mosque, and adopted the summons to prayers, which from that time to this has been heard throughout the East:—"God is great!

God is great!

there is no God but God Mahomet is the prophet of God.

Come to prayers, come to prayers.

God is great!

God is great!

There is no God but God,"and in the early morning was added, "Prayer is better than sleep!

Prayer is better than sleep!

Up to this time and for a short period after, he seemed to have acted on the principle that if a person smite you on one cheek, offer the other to him;

but such a doctrine did not conform to the warlike disposition of the Arabs and his progress was slow.

Yet, sometime after the Hegira, he found that his followers were as numerous as many of the petty

Arabian tribes, and judged that he could successfully cope with them.

Led on by the blind devotion of his followers, he issued the manifesto which contains the pith of the Mohammedan belief and practice.

"Different prophets,"he said, "have been sent by God to illustrate His different attributes,—Moses, His clemency and providence,—Solomon, His wisdom, majesty, and glory,—Jesus Christ,

His righteousness, omniscience, and power; none of these attributes have, however, been sufficient to enforce conviction, and even the miracles of Jesus and

Moses have been treated with unbelief.

I, therefore, the last and greatest of the prophets, am sent with the sword.

Let those who promulgate my faith enter into no argument nor discussion, but slay all who refuse to obey, and glorious will be the reward of those who fall fighting for the Faith."In accordance with his adopted policy, he began making predatory excursions into the surrounding country, and obtained a great deal of booty by the robbery of his neighbors and their caravans. But such a policy was not tasteful to the despoiled, and retaliations were made whenever possible.

The people of Mecca were especially bitter, and engaged in several hard fought battles with the faithful.

The success of Mahomet and the consequent hopes of personal aggrandisement, together with the indisputable superiority of his tenets to those of the idolatrous re - ligions, which he was so instrumental in uprooting, led many tribes to flock to his standard, and by the end of the fourth year of his flight, Mahomet found himself the most powerful ruler in Arabia.

He was not loth to use his newly acquired power in subjugation and conversions.

He sent letters to the rulers of the neighboring countries stating his divine mission, and submitting two alternatives equally obnoxious,—either war or the immediate profession of Mohammedanism.

Deferring, for the time, the execution of these comprehensive plans, he turned his attention to Arabia.

Mecca was to the Arabian what Jerusalem was to the Crusader;

and it was natural that Mahomet should wish to plant his faith there and transform the Caaba from a temple of idols into a Mohammedan mosque;

to conquer those who had persecuted him before the flight, and to enter as a conqueror the city from which he had escaped as a fugitive.

Summoning about forty thousand warriors to his standard, he marched to Mecca, and invested it;

its ruler seeing the futility of opposing such an overwhelming host, capitulated without terms.

The prophet was clement to the people, and readily forgave them;

but he was merciless to their graven images.

The three hundred idols of the Caaba were cast down and everything bearing resemblance to an image for worship was ruthlessly destroyed.

This occurrence which took place in the eighth year of the Hegira was the proudest day of Mahomet's life.

He returned to Medina;

sent some of his indefatigable generals—who in rap-

MAHOMET AND HIS RELIGION.

io5 idity of motion and force in striking were not unlike the southern general, Stonewall Jackson—to subdue a couple of false prophets who had risen in the south to dispute his claims; projected expeditions to Syria and preached to his zealous followers.

He died in the arms of his favorite wife, Ayesha, in the year 632.

Without disturbance but not without some jealousy, Abu Beker was elected first caliph or successor of Mahomet.

It was this stalwart caliph who gathered the Koran from various sources.

This book is today the code of penal, civil and religious law for the Mohammedan hosts, and is a compilation of the revelations of Mahomet.

Washington Irving says "With all its errors and discrepancies, if we consider it mainly as a work of one man and that an unlettered man, it remains a stupendous monument of sole legislation."An observance of the Golden Rule and the cardinal virtues are insisted upon as essential to salvation.

Although it is believed that Mahomet never saw the New

Testament, he met with monks in his youth who explained to him the beauties of the Gospel, and the ideas thus impressed upon him, together with the Hebrew

Talmud and Vishnu, are thought to be the main sources of the Koran.

He disputed the divinity of Christ, but acknowledged him to be the greatest of prophets besides himself;

although Moslem writers ascribe many miracles to Mahomet, he claimed but one—the Koran.

Five prayers at stated times are required daily; Mecca being the point towards which the praying Mohammedan bows his reverential head.

The resurrection and final judgment are parts of their faith.

They believe that in the day of judgment the Great Adjuster will use a pair of fine scales, and when a person advances for justice, his deeds of darkness will be taken from the book of life and placed on one side, and his deeds of light on the other, and according as the one or the other turns the scales, will the person be punished or rewarded.

Wrongs will be righted, by taking from the scales of the offender, a just amount of good deeds and placing them to the credit of the sufferer.

Mahomet made a night journey to the seven heavens and describes his idea of

Paradise it is sensual and unsatisfactory and lacks the pure and ennobling character of the heaven of Christ.

One of the inhabitants of Paradise is pictured as a being with seventy thousand heads, each head containing seventy thousand mouths and every mouth seventy thousand tongues, all proclaiming the majesty and power of Allah.

The solution of the riddle of Mahomet's life and motives has been a matter of wild conjecture with many philosophical minds.

He was wealthy and noble, and the highest religious and secular offices of his city were open to him;

yet, for thirteen or fourteen years he calmly submitted to every form of persecution.

That he and his companions were satisfied of his prophetic inspiration, can scarcely be questioned.

Although Mohammedanism is full of vital errors, still it is infinitely more perfect than the idolatry it supplanted. May it not be, among the Arabs and the Tartars of the desert, the Moors of the Mediterranean, the Turks of the Phosphorous, and the Hindoos of India, over whom it now exercises its potent sway the forerunner of true Christianity?

R. W.

Young.

Good character is above anything else.

There is no friend to man so true, so kind and so good as woman.

The coldest bodies warm with opposition, the hardest sparkle in collision.

—Junius.

A good old negro was burned to a crisp recently, somewhere down in Georgia.

The text at the funeral address was:

"Well done, thou good and faithful servant."

io6 THOROUGHNESS.

THOROUGHNESS.

If there is one characteristic of labor or effort more desirable than another it is that of our caption, and its cultivation where non-existent is one of those duties vvhieh no one, but especially the young, can afford to forget.

To be thorough is to be something more than industrious, energetic and earnest, for one may be all these and yet not be thorough, the latter quality means attention to detail, roundness, finish, and measurably implies perfection.

In this sense we have a beautiful illustration in the details of creation; God is thorough in his work, so that when on the sixth day or period he looked upon all these creations he pronounced them very good.

All observation of his works to-day, after the lapse of ages, demonstrates the primitive verdict of the overlooking mind.

Search the varied divisions of nature and this attribute appears to be omnipresent, every blade of grass, every blossom of earth, the simplest forms of growth beneath the snow-line of the everlasting hills are models of exquisite perfection and adaptation; amid the busy hosts of insect life what is there in form and coloring but that it will bear a microscopic test?

The wing of a butterfly, the feather of a bird, are simply perfect, while every thing of man's production seems to be far inferior;

the exquisite painting, the finest engraving, the most delicate work of nimble fingers becomes crude and unfinished under powers of vision far beneath those which we apply to the works of Deity.

Yet there are and have been men who exhibited in many respects, this crowning characteristic of the divine, their labor was a labor of love, their painstaking proved how much they were possessed of this grand ideal, there was soul, inspiration and faith in their work.

If in thought you visit with me some of those grand old architectural piles of Europe, they will bear their willing testimony to the subtle influences of these ideas;

religion was probably the one grand stimulus of those ancient times, companies of masons gave their lives to secure vitality to the conceptions of their master, and from the rude and untractable elements we find "sermons in stones,"the bloom and fruitage of persistent patience, which even to this day are neither surpassed nor even equalled.

And this attention to thoroughness in detail was not confined to the range of vision, for just as the prairie flower and the mountain moss are perfect, independent of prospective human observation, so is it in those grand cathedrals of an ancient race; you enter, amid the "deep religious gloom"induced by age, and favored by the colored windows;

you wait until the eye becomes accustomed to the surroundings;

you gaze upward to where the springing arch becomes perfection and some small figure, some floral emblem, some harmonious ornament, nearly beyond the range of sight is dimly seen, if you could reach there you would find the same delicate tracery, the same superb finish as in the capital of the column which supports the whole;

ah, what a wealth of industry, of devotion, of thoroughness those workers had acquired, how well they understood that "a thing of beauty is a joy for ever,"and how have the fleeting centuries done them justice in handing down comparatively unimpaired so sublime a lesson!

Now our young men and our young ladies should make this the fixed idea of every labor, whether in a domestic, social, literary or industrial direction;

a thorough housewife, a thorough workman in any direction commands esteem, while the slovenly slip-shod, half-andhalf man or woman becomes the butt of every jest and the despised of all who think.

When men slight their work, or because it is likely to be unseen neglect even common care, they will always be the last employed; a farmer who culti-

INVOCATION.

vates well the centre of his farm, but leaves his fences and ditches choked with every noisome and unwelcome weed, can not be called a thorough farmer;

a woman who never sweeps the corners of her house, or under her furniture or beds, would be esteemed a slattern and a fraud and those who seek to cover up their shortcomings, delinquencies and defects by hollow excuses, give but little credit to the penetration of their friends, or bring but little credit to themselves.

Many probably in writing to and for The Contributor will thus apologize, will plead lack of time, lack of ability, when the simple fact would be, they had not cultivated the habit of being thorough; now "whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well,"and all shuffling, all apology, all excuse will only intensify the dislike which most feel to the acts of those where this element is deficient. A good workman, a reliable man, a woman of power and influence are generally so held because they have been tried and found to possess this quality of heart and head, nothing to such is trivial, unimportant, or beneath consideration, and when men and women are cultivating in every path of goodness and of truth this grand characteristic, be sure they are making progress in the divine life, and they are not only bringing themselves more into harmony with the old masters, the giant workers of the past or present, but they also exemplify one of the highest attributes of "the Father of our Spirits,"He was, is, and for ever will be thorough in all his ways and works, and his children can afford to receive the ancient admonition, "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, in righteousness, do it with thy might."H. W. N.

Conductors on Utah railroads occasionally meet with travelers, to whom the wonders of "Mormondom"are so new and mysterious, that in their expressions of interest and astonishment they sometimes overdo themselves.

As an example:

Not long since a gentleman and his wife coming to this city, learned that the conductor is a "Mormon."Whereupon the lady, brim full of curiosity, asked the gentlemanly conductor how many wives he had.

He replied:

"Not more than nine.""Nine!

Goodness gracious sir, I wonder that you have a hair left on your head."At that moment, her husband happened to raise his hat, discovering a pate as bald and glossy as a sea of ice.

The lady retired behind her fan, her face suffused in blushes; and her inquisitive tongue stopped for the first time, as her husband afterwards testified, in sixteen years.

The object of all ambition should be to be happy at home.

If we are not happy there, we cannot be happy elsewhere.

INVOCATION.

Amid these tangled ways of life,

So thickly strewn with duty's calls,

Lord, let me not lose, in the strife, To fulfil each, 'gainst varied thralls That rise; remembrance of thy word to me,

Remembrance of thy promises To those who keep their trust in thee.

They who, in their souls'fastnesses,

Hear answer to their prayers to Thee.

Nature is thine, calm, clear and pure.

These walls we pass our lives within

No wonder, brief and insecure,

Our resolutions over sins That tempt us beyond governing

Imprisoned in their dull routine

Of dull, same duties, each and all, The soul longs for a rest between,

Unbroken by their harsh recall

Back to the time the heart knew not

A jar upon its upward dream Its pure imaginings of what The source, from whence life's mystic stream.

O thou far Friend forget not me, Though wandering in my lone, lost way

On earth, oft times I have missed Thee.

Call me; my heart will hear the word Shall lead me to Thyself once more

And rising, like the loosened bird,

Sing, above storms that lash the shore.

Augusta Joyce Crocheron.

ioS EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, February, 1880.

SCRIPTURE READING.

"Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life."jfohn v; jg.

Scriptural exercises, in some form, or other, have been almost universally attached to the programmes of the Associations.

In consequence of this fact a more general acquaintance with the Bible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants is being had by the young, and their faith is being strengthened by a knowledge of the written evidences found in those sacred volumes.

Some of the more popular methods adopted by the Associations to secure the interest of members in these exercises, may be named as follows: Home Reading, Historic Subjective Reading and Doctrinal Reading.

When the first was adopted it at once became very popular.

It consists in requiring each member of the Association to read in the Bible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, at home, during the week, and to report at the following meeting the number of chapters read in each book.

The aggregate read by all the members is then made up by the Secretary, and entered upon the minutes.

The quarterly reports of each Association to the Stake Superintendent contains this feature, which is often one of imposing prominence.

At one of the quarterly conferences in Weber stake, were reported upwards of sixty thousand chapters, read during a single quarter.

This exercise has its beneficial results, though the reading is objective; merely in many cases for the purpose of getting through the Bible, or out-rivalling some one else in the number of chapters read in the Book of Mormon.

It is better to read these works for such purposes than not to read them at all.

A person can hardly read either of the books named through, no matter what object impels him to the undertaking, without learning something.

Constant contact with the heavenly truths contained in them, will surely make its impression upon the reader.

Inveterate enemies of the Saints have been at times induced to take up the Doctrine and Covenants, trying to find a flaw, with which to break down the arguments of the Elders in the advocacy of its Divine origin.

But in proportion to the extent and thoroughness of their reading have they lost ground and been shaken in their opposition, and sometimes converted to the Truth, though such a result was farthest from their expectations.

Where Scripture reading has not become general among the young, this exercise of Home Reading may be profitably adopted, and a healthful rivalry among the younger members in trying to exceed each other in the number of chapters read will do no harm, but may result in a vast amount of good.

Their time at least will be employed more profitably than in idling about the streets, or engaged in foolish play.

This exercise will naturally lead to the successful introduction of the next, named above.

Historic Subjective Reading, as adopted by some of the Associations, consists in taking up the principal historic incidents of the Bible, Book of Mormon and

Church History, arranged as separate subjects, chronologically, and grouped into periods or dispensations.

As an example we will take the Adamic Dispensation.

Period, 4004 B.

C.

Names of Subjects: a The Creation;

b Adam and Eve in Paradise;

c The Fall; d Cain and Abel;

e Enoch and the Ten Patriarchs.

EDITORIAL.

Following this are the Dispensations of Noah, Moses, Abraham, the Prophets, etc., with lists of subjects attached to each.

To carry on this exercise the president appoints one member to deliver the first subject and so on until all are completed.

This consists in presenting at the meeting the historic account contained in the Scriptures, in the member's own language and requires that he makes a thorough study of the subject during the week.

All the members should be requested to read up the subject to be given, that they may be able to detect errors and understand the context, so that when any one of them shall be appointed on a subject, he will be able to connect it with the one previously given.

Properly conducted the result of the exercise will be to secure to every attentive member a knowledge of the leading historic events recorded in the

Scriptures, in the order in which they are named, which will be of incalculable advantage to them in future researches for names, dates, incidents or doctrines.

In regard to Doctrinal Reading, it is conducted most satisfactorily in classes, and should engage the attention of the older members of the Associations, or those who are likely to be called away on missions or to labor at home as teachers.

This exercise, if it amounts to much, requires application and study, and consists in searching out and committing to memory those passages of Scripture which relate to the principles of the Gospel.

Each principle is taken up singly, beginning with Faith and discoursed upon by the member, who advances as many quotations from the Bible, in support of it as he can commit to memory and retain, then quoting from the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, upon the same subject.

It is possible to make a most interesting and profound discourse from quotations alone, on these subjects without uttering a single original word.

And the more one learns of the thoughts and expressions of inspired men of ancient or modern times on the truths he is expected to promulge in the world, the stronger will be his own testimony, and the weightier his arguments before others.

It is hardly necessary to say anything of the importance of Scripture Readings.

It is apparent to the thoughtful of our people, that an acquaintance with sacred writings is an indispensable necessity to those, expecting to be Saints and to be engaged in the great work of preaching the Gospel to the nations that sit in darkness.

Let it therefore be one of the chief labors of the

Associations of the young to popularize, by every lawful means in their power, the study of the Scriptures.

A knowledge of which, coupled with the

Spirt of Truth, by which they can be interpreted, will make of those who obtain it, the most useful and successful servants of the Lord, in the important work he has for them to do.

Late information from Elder Moses Thatcher and his associates, laboring in the City of Mexico, indicates that they have obtained a good foothold there and are making rapid progress in the conversion of souls.

A small branch has been organized; additions are being made to it by baptism;

a publication called the Gazette del Deseret has been started; and the prospects are good for opening up one of the most interesting and important missionary fields in the World.

In view of these facts and that so large a number of the Indian tribes speak

Spanish, it will be well for the young men who have been called to take up the

Spanish language to give earnest attention to their studies, that they may be qualified for the time when their labors will be required.

Elder Thatcher in his last letter states that himself and companions are in good health.

Success to the Mexican Mission.

THE LOVE OF MYSTERY.

THE LOVE OF MYSTERY.

Mankind delights in mystery.

It is one of the notable perversities of human nature, that things least understood, are those which elicit the most praise and attention. A subject that is plain and easy of comprehension, seems to lose its interest, with most people, the moment it becomes generally understood.

They cease to inquire or seek after it, and it is almost esteemed unworthy of a place in their minds, as soon as the mind perceives its purport, and is enabled to make use of its merits.

In the realms of literature, with a certain class of readers, those authors are most appreciated who have succeeded in enveloping their meaning in a covering of doubt.

And even writers whose utterances are more like the ravings of a disordered imagination, than the inspired sentiments of genius or common sense, are, by many, called "deep,"and their chaotic productions "a study,"because their intent and purpose are a marvel and a mystery, and their significance something that is not comprehended, for the simple reason that, of necessity it is, and must forever remain, incomprehensible.

Things utterly devoid of meaning or consistency, with no utility or purpose, unless it be to reflect the folly of their author and the stupidity of his admirers, are taken as sweet morsels by such thoughtless devotees, who fall to praising the genius, and commenting with admiration on the far-reaching, highsoaring, deep-sounding intellect that has furnished their morbid taste for the unknowable, with such a charming piece of mysterious nonsense.

It is too often, that obscurity of diction and significance, is mistaken for an evidence of deep thought.

We may glance at the stage, and see the same folly illustrated.

The tragedian who "splits the ears of the groundlings,"and strides the platform in the most grandly unnatural manner, as well as the pseudo comedian, who does nothing but pull faces and play the circus clown throughout his entire part, violating art and consistency in every speech and gesture, is called a "splendid actor"by many would-be-intelligent critics, who from whim, or more likely ignorance, applaud that which they can not understand, and put their unmerited eulogiums into the mouths of others, likewise possessed of the bad habit of never thinking for themselves.

This system of "puffing"has made many a reputation, having no firmer basis than the opinions of persons incapable of holding one of their own.

There are others, however, who might be efficient and reliable critics, if they would but exercise more independence of thought and character;

persons who are ever imagining that the fault lies with themselves, if their judgments happen to discern anything that calls for criticism, instead of with the one whose inconsistencies have violated their inward sense of propriety.

Humility is right and proper in its place, and an impertinent fault-finder is always out of place, but save us from a humility so debasing as that self-conscious meanness which induces a person to surrender his judgment of right, and through fear of being deemed a caviler, concedes the propriety and truth of a manifest absurdity.

Rather is it the duty of every one to stand by his conscientious judgment, even though he suffer for so doing, than to yield ignonorance or sophistry an acknowledgement that black is white, or that the result of two, multiplied by itself, can ever be anything but four.

We were once told of a speech, made by a son of Erin, a land noted as well for wit and eloquence, as for blunders and stupidity, who was acting the part of an electioneer in a political campaign.

The language employed was as faultless as the rhetoric of such speeches generally are, and the manner of delivery worthy of a Demosthenes, but the sense and meaning of his effort was as beautifully

THE LOVE OF MYSTERY.

hi obscure, or rather absent, as the most exacting lover of mystery could desire.

Following is an extract:

"If we cast our minds backward, over the untrodden fields of the future, or soar aloft among the glorious expectations of the past; on every side, we behold the foot-prints of an Almighty hand.

And there's not a man, woman or child, within the sound of my voice, that has arrived at years of maturity, but have had these things running through their minds for centuries."Of course the speech was applauded as a "splendid effort;""the parallel of anything of its nature in ancient or modern times,"and the orator regarded, by the masses, who, pleased with the sound, entirely ignored the meaning of the oration, as one of the intellectual lights of the age.

Another example of the love of the vague and uncertain which finds a dwelling place in the minds of the ignorant and thoughtless.

We might give many others, but shall close this article by speaking of one which we cannot very well omit mentioning.

In religion, the love of mystery has existed, and still exists, to an alarming extent.

For centuries, the so-called "Christian"churches, have cherished and promulged as absurd and meaningless a set of dogmas, as ever man's ignorance and superstition could conceive, or his blind credulity accept and approve.

And these have been handed down from age to age, with a veneration that antiquated error could alone inspire, and guarded and preserved from open ridicule, the only thing they merited, by all the cruelty that the fanatic's mind could invent or holy malice had the power to inflict.

A heaven "beyond the bounds of time and space,"and a God "without body, parts or passions "were doctrines which to oppose, was a heresy deserving the most unmerciful punishment, while to doubt, for a moment, that the Creator "made the Earth and its contents out of nothing "was equivalent to expressing a disbelief in their existence.

Even, today, when the reflected light of the Gospel has partially dispelled such clouds of error, in some pious sectarian minds?

they are still held as truths which nothing short of a miracle could eradicate.

It would seem that a child's mind ought to perceive and reject such empty absurdities, and it would nowadays, but it is an established fact that these inconsistencies have been soberly studied upon and reverently approved, by many of the leading minds of past ages.

Those who were without the light of revelation in the world, to teach them better, are in a manner excusable for their blindness;

but what can be said or thought of the hundreds of thousands of poor, deluded creatures, who, now that the light has come, "love darkness rather than light,"and prefer these shallow, foolish mysteries, which must ever remain misunderstood and unexplainable, to the plain, simple, beautiful truths of the Gospel of Jesus Christ?

Show them the truth, and they refuse to look at it;

strive to convince them by argument, and they decline to listen;

they have been taught not to think—not to reason—not to judge.

And if brought face to face with one of their doctrinal absurdities and are asked to explain its meaning, they exclaim: "Great are the mysteries of godliness,"and turning about, hide deeper than ever, in the shadows that envelop their darling religion.

There is but one thing that will correct this evil—for it is an evil, and a lamentable one, to love mystery, to embrace darkness and shun the light—and that is, true education.

This will cover every case mentioned, but especially will it apply as a remedy for false religion.

The errors of sectarian doctrine have sprung from false theories and teachings.

Their votaries have been taught that "with God all things are possible; "but being devoid of the Spirit of Truth, to interpret the meaning of such things correctly, they have put their own construction thereto, "privately interpreted"what was spoken by the gift and power of the Holy Ghost,

A "LIVE MORMON"IN BOSTON.

and made the "dead letter"an immutable doctrinal cross, to which they have fastened their faith in a manner equally immovable.

The result is, that eternal matter is "immaterial;"three separate beings, (the God-head), make but one that this one is nothing, and made the world out of the same material that he exists nowhere and everwhere at the same time, and sits upon the top of a topless throne in a region "beyond the bounds of time and space."Is it not time for the light of truth and reason to burst upon this senseless mystery and dispel it forever?

We repeat, that education is the engine that must- batter this wall of error into pieces.

Ignorance and superstition are twin-sisters.

The weaker the mind, the less its capability of thinking for itself and hence the more apt to permit others to do its thinking;

educate the mind and it acquires strength to think for itself.

"Let there be Light,"and darkness will disappear; and when the time comes that everything shall be known, hidden things revealed, all problems solved and Truth entirely told;

then, and not till then, will this foolish and perverse love of mystery, vanish from the face of the earth, and from the hearts of the children of men.

O. F.

Whitney.

A "LIVE MORMON"IN BOSTON.

While engaged in genealogical research in Boston, some months since, I took a furnished room in a respectable lodging house, and ate my meals at any restaurant that came handy.

By the way, Boston abounds in small, clean, tidy restaurants, where the prices are exceedingly reasonable and the food is prepared and served in a neat and cleanly manner.

I had endured this life a fortnight and it was becoming unbearable.

I had no one to converse with or even speak to.

I would frequently meet other lodgers in the corridor or hall, but Boston etiquette forbade even a bow until a formal introduction had taken place, or close contact forced an acquaintance.

I resolved upon a change, as I had several weeks to remain in the "hub,"and they would be unspeakably tedious without more society.

I decided to take board in a private family, and so set out to find a place that would suit.

I knew about what streets to pass through to find what I wanted.

Many families in various parts of the city, add to their income by taking one or more boarders or lodgers, and a surprisingly large portion of the inhabitants, including many refined and well-to-do people, live in lodgings.

The fact that the family wants a boarder or lodger, is announced by a placard hung in the window.

The price for a furnished room, kept in order for the lodger, is from two to four dollars per week, board three to four dollars additional, in most respectable families, and the fare given at that price is excellent.

I soon approached a house whose outward appearance indicated quiet and respectability, in the window of which was the placard.

I rang, was admitted by a servant and conducted up stairs to look at the room.

It was cozy, and I told the landlady I would take it, and next morning removed my effects thither.

At noon, while the family and two or three boarders were at dinner,

I was passing the dining room door, going out, when the landlady opened it, stopped me, and, apologizing, asked my name again, as she had forgotten it.

In reply I gave her my card containing my name, and address, "Salt Lake City, Utah."She took the card back to the table, when a gentleman boarder, whom all knew by the initials of "M. D.,"took the card and read it aloud, exclaiming in

MOZART.

"3 amazement; "My goodness, he's a Mormon!"

Then came a scene—afterwards fully described to me.

The card was passed around the table with such exclamations as:

"A real Mormon!""Is it possible "Wonder how many wives he's got!"while one rigidly pious and elderly lady declared it scandalous to have a "Mormon"in the house.

The landlady persisted that "he looked like a gentleman anyhow,"while the head cook, a very intelligent lady, and very liberal in her religious views, at once declared her joy at having an opportunity to get acquainted with a "real, live Mormon,"as "she had read so much about them."

I had taken the room but had not engaged board, and soon after returning in the evening, I heard a tap on my door.

It was "M.

D.,"who asked me if I would not join the family and a few boarders in a "pop corn party,"in the dining room.

I readily assented, and spent a most enjoyable evening.

By the blessing of the Lord I made a good impression upon all present, and at their request became a boarder, and as one of the family.

All the inmates of the house, except the elderly and extremely orthodox lady, became very friendly and cordial.

I remained an inmate of the house about two months, in the meantime explaining my religion to those who made inquiries respecting it, and removing much prejudice from their minds.

"M.

D."and I became room-mates and the firmest of friends, and, though he has not yet embraced the gospel, he possesses many sterling traits that won my regardThe scene at the dinner table, with the various exclamations, and comments then expressed, was often related to me after I became intimate with the family, and all declared a "live Mormon,"to be a vastly different kind of a creature from that which their imaginations had led them to picture him.

B. F. Cummings, JrThe faculty of self control should be cultivated above all others.

Spencer.

It iz the little bits ov things that fret and worry us; we kan dodge an elephant but we kan't a fly.

Josh Billings.

MOZART.

Mozart's whole being was so absorbed in music, that he was a child in every other respect.

At a wonderful early period of his existence, he displayed remarkable talent as a composer of music, for he was only four years old when he composed several minuets, and other pieces, which are still extant.

His musical talents were cultivated to the utmost by his father.

When six years old his performances were so extraordinary that his father took him to Munich and Vienna, where he obtained encouragement from the elector of Bavaria and the emperor, Francis I.

At the age of eight years the family visited London;

while there, symphonies of his own composition were produced in a public concert.

During his visit he became acquainted with the works of Handel.

Before he was twenty-three he had become so successful, in his compositions and as a conductor, that at that age he was appointed composer to the imperial court of Vienna, where he then fixed his residence;

thence issued the musical works upon which his great fame chiefly depends.

His great opera Idomeneo was composed in his twenty-fourth year, with a view to induce the family of Mademoiselle Constance Weber, afterward his wife, to consent to their marriage, which had been declined on the ground of his reputation not being sufficiently established. The opera formed an epoch, not in the composer's life only, but also in the history of music.

It was in every imaginable respect a marked advance on all previous works of the kind, and established his

BITS OF TRAVEL.

reputation as the greatest musician, whom the world had ever seen.

Mozart only liveld to be thirty-five years of age, and was in constant fear of death.

The circumstance of the composition of the requiem for his own death is very singular.

On one occasion, when his spirit was unusually low, a stranger, of a tall, dignified appearance, came and told the composer that he was sent by a person, who did not wish to be known, to request him to compose a requiem for the soul of a friend whom he had recently lost.

Mozart undertook it, and promised to have it completed in one month.

The mystery of the visit seemed to affect the mind of the musician strangely.

After pondering over it for some time, he began to compose with uncommon zeal.

In his earnestness he overworked himself, which brought on fainting fits.

"I am writing this requiem for myself,"he said to his wife, "it will serve for my own funeral."This impression nev er left him.

At the end of the month the stranger came for the requiem. "I have found it impossible to keep my word,"said Mozart, "I will need another month to finish it."When the singular personage granted him the time and had gone, Mozart ordered a servant to follow and ascertain who he was.

The servant returned, and reported that he had lost sight of him.

Mozart was now more than ever convinced that his strange visitor was a messenger from the other world, sent to warn him that the end of his life was approaching.

He applied himself with greater zeal than ever to the requiem, and finished it before the end of the month. The stranger came for it at the appointed time but

Mozart was no more.

The great master was born at Salzburg, January 27, 1756.

His full name was Johann Chrysostom

Wolfgang Gottlieb Mozart.

"No composer has ever combined genius and learning in such perfect proportions, none have ever been able to dignify the highest and tritest forms by such profound scholarship;

or at the moment when he was drawing most largely on the resources of musical science, to appear so natural, so spontaneous, and so thoroughly at his ease."

Monda.

Good company and good conversation are the very sinews of virtue.

Small and steady gains give competency, with tranquility of mind.

To perseverance all things are possible, and when a desire to learn is strong, rapid attainment is certain.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

v.

CITY OF VIENNA.'The capital of the Austro-Hungarian empire is one of the most beautiful cities in the world.

A tourist can find much within the twenty mile circuit of its boundries, to attract and interest him at any time, whether it is the scene of a world's fair or not.

The old part of the city contains the imperial and arch-ducal palaces, the arsenal and many of the most substantial and interesting buildings, among them the magnificent old cathedral of St. Stephen.

This, like the churches of the Continent generally, is an art repository; containing many fine paintings and statues, wonderful marbles,, frescoes, capitals, carvings, pulpits, mosaics, gold and silver altars, and elaborately stained glass windows, all executed by the leading artists and mechanics of the times, in which they were added to the decoration of the massive old sanctuary.

The distinguishing feature of St.

Stephen's however is its spire;

one of the loftiest in Europe, if not the highestIt is ascended by a series of stair ways,

BITS OF TRAVEL.

"5 the upper being spiral and finally leading up to the dizzy height, of six hundred and fifty-three feet. We have nothing in

Utah to which such a height can be compared.

Those who are willing to endure the fatigue of climbing can step out on a balcony, four or five times as high above the ground, as the angel on the spire of the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, and then be a hundred feet from the top.

The view from St.

Stephen's spire is magnificent in the extreme; all around its base the old town seems busy with pigmy looking creatures, moving about like bugs, while farther away is seen the new residential portion of the city, laid off in spacious blocks, with the grandest intervening streets.

These streets or boulevards as they are called, are lined on each side by three rows of sycamore, beech, elm or other choice shade trees.

The walks are all paved and the roadways perfectly clean.

The blue Danube a wide, placid stream, glistening in the sun light, half surrounds the whole city, and flows away to the distant sea in the far east, directing the eye in its course, to the purple hills so far away that but a faint outline can be seen.

The country all around the fair city is a slightly undulating plain, productive of the cereals, fruits and vegetables necessary to sustain life, and dotted with forest groves, suburban villages, remote farm houses, and herds of cattlej browsing upon the dying grass.

It would take more time and study than we can give to portray all the sights, that enliven the plain on a lovely autumn day, as viewed from the balcony of St. Stephens. There are other and more pressing claims upon our time below.

We visited the Musik-vereinsaal, where the Strauss brothers hold their evening concerts, and heard the finest orchestra in the world.

Hundreds of people were there, sitting around small tables, with jugs and cups of beer before them, all engaged, between the pieces by the orchestra, in pleasant conversation;

but as soon as Herr Strauss steps upon the platform and raises his baton deathly stillness prevails, and the whole assembly yields undivided attention to the sweet melody that charms and fascinates all who hear.

In the grand opera house of Vienna was the finest in the world, since then that of Paris has been opened.

It probably seats three thousand persons not upon hard benches, but, in the parquette and lower circles, upon satin and velvet upholstered chairs;

and even in the fourth circle, the seats are cushioned and the railing decorated with gold and velvet;

marble columns, surmounted with busts of the great music and dramatic composers, encircle the parquette; the proscenium boxes are rich and elegant in their furnishings the frescoed ceiling is a work of art, and from it a thousand lights are burning to illuminate the building.

By feeing the doorkeeper, we were permitted to stand in the fourth gallery of this lovely building, while the opera was being performed before the royal family, and a crowded house of enthusiastic visitors from all parts of the globe every seat had been sold ten days before.

A more animated assemblage of uniformed men and jeweled women could hardly be seen anywhere than filled the house from pit to dome on this occasion.

After the Opera, we strolled out upon the Prater-strasse, the busiest promenade of Vienna, and found the scene without almost as dazzling as the one we had left.

The full moon shone upon thousands of holiday attired men and women, out in the warm night to enjoy the moonlight and to make the most of the few remaining hours of the great fete, that had made their city the summer resort of Europe and the objective point of interest to all travelers.

Politeness, jovialty and good humor shone from every countenance, as the promenaders passed to and fro; bands of music serenaded distinguished guests at the private palaces or hotels; open carriages rolled noiselessly along the streets and oc-

n6 HOME.

casionally a squad of horsemen would pass, who might be a relay of the guard, or gentlemen returning from a day's hunt in a neighboring wood.

Such life and pleasure in the moonlight night we had never seen before.

We were tired and weary when at length in the early morning, we found our way to the hotel, and prepared to turn our course westward to other scenes, none of which we could hope would equal the brilliance, glory and splendor of Vienna, during the closing days of her great exhibition.

De Vallibus.

Profitable Way to Read.—More may be learned by devoting a few moments daily to reading, than is commonly supposed.

Five pages may be read in fifteen minutes; twenty pages in one hour;

at which rate one may peruse thirty-six volumes of two hundred pages in a year.

You say you have none to guide you.

The best scholars and men of science will tell you that by far the most valuable part of their education is that which they have given themselves.

Volumes have been filled with the autobiography of self-taught men.

Think of Franklin, the printer, of Linne, the shoemaker, of

John Hunter, the cabinet-maker, of Doland, the weaver, of Herschel, the astronomer, of Turner, the painter, of Burritt, the blacksmith.

Love learning and you will become learned.

When there is a will there will be a way.

Begin at once;

take time by the forelock, and remember that it is only the first step that costs;

and having begun, resolve to learn something every day.

Strike the blow, and avoid the weakness of those who spend half of life in thinking what they shall do next.

Always have a volume near -you, which you may catch up at such odd minutes as are your own.

It is incredible, until trial has been made, how much real knowledge may be acquired in these fragments of time.

HOME GATES AND HEDGES.

After putting up a suitable fence or wall, a little attention should be given to the gates.

Do not have them so narrow as to make a person entering, feel that he must contract himself to avoid collision with the posts;

nor so wide as to be out of proportion.

With a fence four feet high, the small gates may be about four feet wide larger ones, if for a carriage only, eight feet;

but if for loaded wagons, ten feet.

The style of the gate should harmonize with the fence if not exactly like it;

but in general may suit the owners taste.

There is one point many will overlook, that is quite important—the junction of the fence and gates.

As generally arranged they form a straight line; but this adheres too closely to the old idea that everything should be straight.

A number of pleasing deviations can be made that will add to the attractiveness of the enclosure.

Set the gate posts inside the regular line of fence, any distance you please—two to four feet being preferable.

Then having fence posts about as many feet to either side, the fence and gate posts may be joined in several ways:

First, by straight rails;

second, by rails concave or convex;

third, by a double curve.

The concave and double curve are best, and produce the most agreeable effect.

A convex rail has the general expression of repulsion, while the concave most plainly opens its arms for you, and says—"Welcome."

Some may be surprised at the use of the word expression in the sense above.

But is it not correct?

Has not everything in Nature its individual expression?

Take a piece of barren land, and make grass grow, you give it complexion;

dot it with flowers and it blooms with health;

HOME.

cause a little brook to babble through, and it will speak and sing;

the glancing sunbeams are its merry eyes;

let shady trees be grown in many forms, and these are its attire.

The bushes, shrubs and vines are little touches which complete the toilet; and altogether when the heart beats well, there is a picture of serene happiness.

As a contrast, see a dead tree, whose blanched stump is a fitting monument of its departed life;

at its base a stagnant pool is fed by sluggish streams the scant vegetation grows rank and poisonous;

the place is dark, secluded, and never inhabited.

Could we experience any pleasure in such a spot?

By no means.

There we would expect foul murders to be committed, and so they might, as the principal idea is that of dissolution.

When a careful writer depicts life as it is, he must study the connection between the surroundings of men and their acts.

There are certain rules—expressions of natural laws—that cannot be overlooked without injury.

So, in building houses, small doors and windows, low ceilings and scant work, betoken in some respect—aside from the necessities of poverty the impecunious man.

While spacious openings, lofty ceilings and careful work, show liberal thoughts and acts.

It is not impossible to judge fairly of men by the houses in which they live as well as by personal appearance.

And applying these principles to our subject will enable all to comprehend many things that were before vague, and to appreciate better the knowledge they possess.

But to the gates again.

In his work Rural Studies—Mr. Donald G.

Mitchell suggests a form that in many places would be very appropriate.

To make the entrance inviting as it should be, he would have the gate posts eight or ten feet high and covered with a neat roof.

It may be thatched, shingled, covered with rough, rustic boards, or the framework hid by climbing vines.

Such a covering would afford shelter from sun and rain, and would be very acceptable at times.

Rough brackets fastened to the posts could be used to support the roof.

If the posts were allowed to extend above the roof, and the ends were roughly carved in some plain form the effect would be more pleasing.

This style of gateway is—as far as we are aware—not known in our territory, but could be introduced to advantage, especially in country places, by those seeking a change.

Before leaving this chapter we are reminded of having forgotten a very useful factor in ornamenting—hedges.

Hedges may by adopted where persons are willing to exercise care and patience for a few years.

Where there is a good fence, if a hedge is desired, seeds may be sown a few feet within; and the plants carefully cut back several times a season until the roots and stalks become heavy enough to bear considerable abuse. Thus strengthened they may gradually be allowed to grow higher until they form a living barrier against animals, uninjured by weather, and improved with age.

A hedge of this kind properly grown, ten or fifteen feet high, would be an excellent protection from prevailing injurious winds, greatly modifying their ill effect.

A hedge cannot, like a fence, be made in a few days and, unless willing to wait and train it properly, some other protection will be better.

A hedge grown wild is likely to be unsightly and injurious.

Of all plants used for hedge fences the

Osage Orange is perhaps the best.

It has been tried in Utah and been found to bear the climate well.

The best hedge we remember to have seen, is that of D.

O.

Calder, Esq., surrounding his residence in Salt Lake City.

This hedge, started perhaps fifteen years ago, is now thick enough to exclude nearly all animals, and strong enough to resist any.

Though barren as other deciduous trees in Winter, during the Summer it is one of the finest of the many horticultural beauties of the city.

Osage Orange has been grown in other places andjts sue-

i iS SOCRA TES.

cess has been less, only in proportion to the neglect, or improper care.

Where hedges are established, perhaps the best form of gateway, is to let the bushes grow higher, and trim accurately as an arch or square as the taste may prefer.

The eastern entrance through the hedge mentioned above is a good example of this style.

It is what a favorite writer would call an "hospitable gate "—it invites one to rest under its cooling shade;

and then charms him with its homely, substantial beauty.

T.

SOCRATES.

Most prominent among ancient philosophers stands the name of the celebrated

Socrates.

He was a citizen of Athens, and obtained his education not by many year's travel in foreign countries and study of abstract philosophy, as was the custom of his time, but by devoting himself principally to the study of ethics. He is therefore called the founder of moral philosophy in Greece. Much of his time was spent in the contemplation of nature, in which he conceived the idea, first taught by him among pagans, that one all powerful being governs the universe and many arguments were produced by him to substantiate this assertion.

He took great pains to teach the youth of Athens to regard virtue, honesty and truth, and became very popular with them.

The good example set by this great philosopher could not fail to make a deep impression upon those acquainted with him.

His patience and self government are almost incredible.

It is related that on one occasion his slave offended him very much, but the only reproof given by Socrates was:

"If I were not angry I would punish you."At another time his wife Xantippe, noted as much for her ill temper as he for his patience, gave him a very severe scolding.

Incensed at the calmness with which he received the tirade of abuse she dashed a bucket of water over him.

He simply replied:

"One might expect a shower after so much thunder."

No school was established by Socrates, as by other philosophers, where his pupils could assemble to hear his lectures at stated times, but his mode of teaching consisted simply in conversing upon morality and other subjects on the streets, or wherever opportunity was offered to impart a useful lesson, and he accepted no money for his instructions.

During the famous rule of the Thirty

Tyrants over Athens, he was accused of infidelity to the gods, and brought to trial by some of his enemies.

Lysias, a celebrated orator and philosopher, composed an elegant address defending Socrates, but when read to him it did not meet his approval, notwithstanding he admitted it was very good.

"But, why,"exclaimed Lysias, "does it not suit you if you think it good?""O, my friend,"replied Socrates, "may there not be shoes and different articles of dress very good in themselves but not suitable for me?"Socrates declared that judges should give sentence in strict accordance with the evidence without being assisted or prejudiced for or against a prisoner by eloquence.

The result was he was condemned to death with only a short time to live.

He had many opportunities to escape previous to his death but he refused to do so, and at the expiration of the given time he drank the fatal hemlock, this being the ordinary instrument of death, used by the Athenians in his time, for persons convicted of capital crimes.

His death occured 399 B. C, in the seventieth year of his age and is one of the greatest stains resting upon the memory of Athenian greatness and civilization.

Horace Cummings.

The thought of foolishness is sin.

ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

DISTRICT MEETING.

A District Meeting of the Mutual Improvement Associations was held in the basement of the Tabernacle, Logan, December 30, 1879.

Present, Presidents W. B. Preston and

C. O.

Card;

members of the following wards:

Mendon, Wellsville, Paradise, Hyrum, Millville, Providence and the members of the Logan Associations. The

Logan choir and brass band were also in attendance.

President Geo.

L.

Farrell, presiding.

The services were opened with music by the brass band.

After a few remarks by President Farrell the programme was rendered in a creditable manner.

It consisted of select readings, songs, Book of Mormon exercise, recitations, Bible exercise, essay, stump speech, music by the band, singing by the choir, etc.

The members of the several Associations represented taking part and vieing with each other in the choice of selections and the manner of their delivery.

After the exercises were over, President C. O. Card stated that owing to the increased membership and the great amount of attention the Associations required, it was deemed expedient that Superintendent Farrell have two counselors to assist him.

J.

C. Thoreson, of Hyrum and J. M. Blair, of Logan, were then chosen counselors, and William E.

Bassett, assistant secretary.

The tabernacle was well filled, good attention was paid by all and we look forward with great expectation to the time of another district meeting.

G. L. Farrell, President.

T. W. Holland, Reporter.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE.

The Y. M. M.

I. Associations of Salt Lake County met in connection with the

Relief Societies, Y.

L. M.

I. Associations, Sabbath Schools and Primary Associations in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Saturday evening, January 3, 1880.

On the stand were President John Taylor, Elder Joseph F. Smith; Presidents

Angus M. Cannon, David O. Calder and

Joseph E. Taylor of the Salt Lake Stake M.

I. Home, E. L. Taylor, S. E. Heywood, E. Howard and E.

B. Wells of the Relief Society;

M.

A. Freeze and Louie Felt of the Y. L. M.

I. A.

; Junius F. Wells, Joseph H. Felt, Geo. C. Lambert, Jno. W. Taylor and H. J. Grant of the Y. M. M.

I. A.; and George Goddard, William Willis and Samuel L.

Evans representing the Sunday Schools.

Interesting reports, showing the progress of the respective organizations over which they preside were made by Elder Joseph

H. Felt; Mrs. M.

I. Home; Mrs. M. A.

Freeze, and Elder George Goddard. Mrs.

E.

B.

Wells represented the Primary Associations, saying, though in their incipiency, they were well attended and were increasing in membership and interest.

President Taylor, addressed the meeting, offering words of encouragement to the officers and members of all of the Associations represented, and blessed them in the work they were doing.

Speaking of the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. Associations:

"I consider these Associations very important auxiliaries to the Church, in building up the kingdom of God on the earth."Elder Junius F. Wells referred to the general prosperity of the Young Men's Organization, and spoke of the progress being made in the cultivation of literary tastes and habits by the members.

A very large assembly had convened, and the meeting was spirited and interesting throughout.

Benediction was pronounced by Elder

Joseph F. Smith.

Avoid temptation, though you feel sure you can withstand it.