u!Ihe G-lory of God is Intelligence."THE CONTRIBUTOR I^EPKESEXTIXG ¥HE YOUNG JilEjV 'j5 /JXD YOUjVG INDIES'

POTa^L ipP^QYEpEjXIf /£^O(3I^lfI0X^ OK

THE LflWEK-DflY STUNT^.

VOLUME TVxTO.

HISTORIANS OFFIC Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 47 E. South Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS R WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, I'RINTED UY DESERET NEWS COMPANY, l88l.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0201eng

PARE, Ambition T.

Association Intelligence:

Weekly Programme Quarterly Conferences.

3*i J 59. 222, 287,35® Semi-annual Conferences 61, 256 Instructions of Superintendency

History of the General Organization,

Suggestive Analyses of the Scriptures At. H Hardv.

New Testament Subjects M.

//. Hardy.

Book af Mormon Subjects VI. H. Hardy..i6o, 191 Church History Subjects M. H. Hardv.

London M.

1. A Census Reports of M I. A Subjective Heads for Lectures M. H. Hardy. 384 Anacreon Bcppo.

Association Class Work //.

IV. Naisbitt.

Ancient Manuscripts 4nn Fellows.

A Happy New Year Amethyst.

An Episode of History //. W. Naisbitt.

"A Second Daniel"R.

IV.

Young.

A River's Love E. H. Andeison.

Aphorisms Victor Eremita. 279 V'''Anti-Jews"in Germany Selected. 304 A Homily on Vice John A. Hellstrom. 319 Advice to Schoolboys Golden Rule. 376 Battle of Bannockburn Selected. 334 Brigham Young College Student. 367 Coal Quebec.

Correspondence:

The Saurian J. L. Barfooi.

Interesting Topics R.

II'.

Young.

The Reynolds Case N.

Tanner, Jr.

London Conference... Jos.

C. Bentley.

Chippewa Falls Thos. J. Steed. 312 City of Mexico Moses Thatcher. 380 Chemistry of a Candle Quebec.

Chronicles of Utah Beta.

146, 176, 208, 238, 269, 301, 332, 365

Christian Principle R.

IV. Sloan. 174 Crime and Education George Reynolds. 292 C'eationand Progress R.

HISTORIAN Comets R. A. Proctor. 324 Constellations Ninety-eight. 340 Cigarette Smoking 3^4 Devotional Literature Beppo.

Divine Origin of the Book of Mormon, Historical Evidences Considered

Moses Thatcher 193,225,257,289, 321 Ebullition Quebec.

Editorial:

Volume Two Membership and System The Conference Missionary Appointments Getting a Testimony Getting Rich A Living Martyr Swearing Liberty Earl of Beaconsfield Writing Letters Sectarian Schools The Attempted Assassination Close of the Volume Edmund Spenser Viva.

Every Time, or I Shan't Play E. H.

Anderson.

Evaporation Quebec.

Francis Bacon Viva.

Fusion and Solidification Quebec.

First Law of Motion Quebec.

Geoffery Chaucer Viva.

Good Advice Getting Married in Germany Atlan/ii Giving Advice Selected.

Habit Hebrew Captivity and Constancy...E. H. Anderson.

Home—Castle Building T.

Home and Woman Maria Af. Miller.

Homespun Talk Susa Young Gates. 312 Hints on Preaching Millennial Star. 319 In the Village Bepfo.

'S OFFICE LIBRARY The Church of Jesus Chrfst of Utter-<Jay Saints

Incongruities of Labor Beppo 113 Influence of Outside Literature

Geo.

Reynolds. 357 Jehovah's Purposes Wm.

Jefferies.

June Amethyst.

Justice and Mercy D. H. Robert*.

Knighting of the Black Prince Selected.

Leaves from the Tree of Life C. W. Penrose.

First Leaf Second Leaf.

Third Leaf 7° Fourth Leaf Fifth Leaf.

Sixth Leaf Seventh Leaf.

Eighth Leaf.

Ninth Leaf Tenth Leaf Eleventh Leaf Twelfth Leaf Lakeside Musings 0. F.

Whitney. 252 Mexico and the Mexicans... Moses Thatcher.

1, 33, 6 5.

129, 161 Moral Education O. H. Riggs.

Modesty Y. L. Companion, /6th Ward.

Mistaken Youth's Companion.

Monotonies of Life O.

F. Whitney. 219, Mount Eyrie -Unalric 308 Nephite Apostates Ge.\ Reynolds.

Sherem Nehor Korihor Zoram Ocean Currents Quebec.

Old Mill at Sans-Souci Selected.

Our Kings H. W. Naisbitt.

Poets and Poetry 0. F.

Whitney.

Publications Received 96, 128. 288, 320 Past, Present, Future //.

IT".

A'.

President Joseph Young Queer Friends Old German Fable.

Reading H.

W. Naisbitt. 280 Real and Ideal Emmeliue B.

Wells.

Sketches from Life—Dining with a Friend Cax.

Spartan Discipline.... Zccliariah Ballr/tyue.

Silk Culture in Utah Geo. D. Pyper.

Strong Drink Ncphi Pratt.

Summer Hunt.

Travels in Italy DeVnllibus Cathedral of Milan Verona and Padua The City of the Sea The Sights of Venice..

Venice and Bologna Florence Sights in Florence Roman Forum and Coliseum St. Peter's and the Vatican The Vatican and Catacombs Eruption of Vesuvius Naples and Pompeii The University of Deseret R. W. Sloan, 13, 48, 82, no, The Prodigal's Prayer Emily II.

Woodmansee.

The Stars Quebec.

The Death of the Flowers Bryant Truth M.

The Scientific Test W.

\V.

Taylor.

Tapestry Youth's Companion.

The Nine Bibles of the World yohn Thorgiersen.

The Nephites under the Judges Geo.

Reynolds 139, 171, 205, 235 y The Spouting Well at Kane Jaquce The Day is Done Longfelloio Translations Beppo.

The Brigham Young Academy "Jus. E.

Talmtrge....i79, 241, 272 Thoughts yauie.

The Old Garret Amethyst.

The Planet Venus Quebec. 229 The School Question O. H. Riggs 243 The Children's Crusade Amalric.

The King of Kings,.C.

II". Stayncr. 325 The Sunbeam.

The Epitaph R.

Alldridge. 345 The Lord's Day Ray. 369 The First Crusade Titos.

Y. Stanford.

The Silent Recorder J. B. Kecler. 383 Value of Moments William'Shakspeare Viva.

Washakie and Friday Phrenological Journal.

Wise Builders II.

H r.

Naisbitt. 342 Young Women Amethyst.

Young Writers Amethyst. 348

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

II.

OCTOBER, ii No.

i.

MEXICO AND i.

The Republic of Mexico occupies the southwestern portion of North America, and lies between latitude 15 and 32 N, and longitude 86° 34/ and 117 7'W.

It is bounded on the north and northeast by the United States, on the east by the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea, on the southeast by Balize, on the south by Guatemala and the Pacific Ocean, and on the west by the Pacific.

Its extreme length from northwest to southeast is nineteen hundred and ninety miles;

its greatest breadth from east to west, is seven hundred and fifty miles.

It embraces an area of seven hundred and sixty-one thousand six hundred and forty square miles, being about equal in extent to twenty-six of our largest states.

The population of nine million two hundred and seventy-six thousand persons is composed of

Indians, Europeans and Negroes; descendants of Indians and Europeans and of Indians and Negroes mixed the first named being in a majority of the whole.

The climate embraces every degree from the torrid to the temperate.

The most convenient routes for reaching the capital of the republic are by steamer from New York or New Orleans to Vera Cruz, thence by rail a distance of two hundred and sixty-three miles to the

City of Mexico;

or, by San Francisco along the Pacific Coast to Acapulco, thence overland by coach about three hundred miles.

The flatter route is, however, seldom traveled by Europeans or Americans, owing to the fact that the stage line is nearly always infested with daring and unscrupulous robbers, who THE MEXICANS.

frequently not only pillage but murder defenceless travelers.

It is said of these bandits that when they do not choose to take life, desiring only plunder, they will rob in such a polite manner that the traveler almost feels to regret that he has not more, with which to enrich the gentlemanly highwaymen.

The writer does not, however, desire at this time to enter into a description of the peculiar traits of the Mexican character, as developed by the many singular habits and customs which prevail among the Mexican people, but rather to give a short sketch of what he saw while traveling from New

Orleans to the City of Mexico in November 1879.

Leaving the first named city at 9 a.m. November 8th, we passed down the Mississippi River one hundred and twenty miles to the bar, crossing which, we entered the Gulf of Mexico.

Along the entire route, on either side of the river, are many fine sugar plantations.

The waving fields of growing cane forming a background for the white huts of the negro quarters, partially surrounding the elegant residences of the planters, afforded striking contrasts, presenting many pleasing views.

As the steamer moved on to the Gulf, we soon discovered by the heaving surges caused by recent prevailing storms, that we were no longer steaming on the placid bosom of the old Mississippi.

At 3 p.m.

November 10, we anchored opposite Bagdad,—Matamoras, on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande, and distant from

New Orleans five hundred and seventyfour miles.

In the course of an hour our steamer was boarded by ten or a dozen

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

Mexicans, who reached us by means of a small row boat.

They were mostly of the mixed race—part Negro and part Indian—dark, and rudely clad with thin cotton shirts and pants of the same material; from under the waistbands of the latter, prominently appeared the hilt of the keen edged dagger or wide-bladed bowie knife.

Beneath the shade of the broad rimmed hat moved the erect, active form of the Indian, with countenance made repulsive by the blood of the Negro, indicated in the thick lip and restless eye.

These men, with unclad feet, noiselessly ascended the ropes, climbed the bulwarks, and trod with cat-like motion the painted decks—coming without warning, and peering over one's shoulder with a "Buenos dios, Senor,"had the tendency to produce a crawling feeling and a somewhat unfavorable impression of Mexico, because of this rude sample of the Aztec and Negro mixed Mexican.

Weighing anchor at noon Tuesday, November n, we steamed to Tampico, a distance of two hundred and twentyeight miles.

Time, twenty-seven hours.

Here a considerable quantity of freight by means of lighters (small sailing boats) was discharged, and, in turn, the steamer received a number of tons of Istla, a durable fiber from the Maguey (Agavo) plant, and which is fast becoming an article of export for cordage purposes.

The class of Mexicans meeting us at this point—anchoring outside the bar, we can hardly call it a harbor—were a decided improvement on those seen at Matamoras.

And, while the style of dress was much the same as that worn by their more northern countrymen, for a belt ornament they seemed to prefer the revolver to the knife, while a corresponding dignity marked their manner and movement.

Sailing from here at 6.30 p.m., we lay off the bar at Tuxpan (pronounced Tuscan) at a.m. November 13, distance ninety miles.

Passing in towards the crescent-formed shores of the Gulf at this point, and beyond which, on the banks of the river, reposes the town of Tuxpan, we saw the remaining hull of the ill-fated steamship Havana, wrecked August 1877, on the hidden coral reef, outlying the deeper waters of the so-called harbor.

Unfortun-.

ately, the Gulf of Mexico affords no harbor,deserving the name,anywhere between the mouth of the Rio Grande and

Vera Cruz, nor at either of those ports.

Even at the latter, the commercial city of the republic, vessels are frequently delayed for days, unable, during the prevalence of the "Northers,"to receive or discharge cargoes.

Thus the entire eastern coast of the Gulf causes the mariner anxiety and dread.

Judging by the surroundings, and by what information the writer could secure, regarding the navigation of the river at

Tuxpan, one would naturally conclude this to be a good point for the expenditure of Mexican government and state funds, in securing a safe harbor by opening the bar by means of jetties, confining the outflow of the river, and thus affording vessels a safe retreat inland.

Could this be accomplished, it would doubtless be followed by the quick construction of a railroad direct to the capital, the distance being much shorter than from Vera

Cruz to the City of Mexico, and it would traverse a much richer agricultural and mineral country, and would at the same time secure, it is said, great advantage over the other route in lighter grades, cheapness of construction, and ease of operation.

Due west from Tuxpan stretches, as far as the eye can discern, a broad rich plain covered with the profuse vegetation of a tropical clime.

On the north rises a high range of mountains; on the south and southwest, one of less magnitude.

While in the west, in the midst of the plain alluded to, and distant perhaps thirty or forty miles, rises abruptly two pyramidal mountains, reaching an altitude, I should think, of two or three thousand feet.

These are situated in a line north and south, seeming to have at the base no connection whatever.

The one on the south is higher, and has a more perfect pyramidal form, finishing with a sharp point, with angles clearly defined;

while the other slightly inclines

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

southward, and is flattened at the summit.

Ages ago these, doubtless, were active volcanoes. At 12:40 p.m. we again steamed southward, the gulf being smoother than at any time since leaving the mouth of the Mississippi river.

Fanned by the cooling breezes, which temper the warmer atmosphere of the coast, along which we were moving with the easy motion of nine miles an hour, the ride was delightful, and the momentary changing scenery, under the shifting lights and shadows of undulating hills and tropical trees and vines, was most enchanting.

As the shadows deepened under the gathering folds of the later evening, and the stars one by one shone brightly from the deep blue of a cloudless sky, while their jeweled brightness was answered back by the phosphorous sparks, emitting light from the deep, dark swells, as they rolled from the sides of the good old ship and sparkled in the sheen of the screw-lashed waters, marking a broad track far in the wake; as the swelling motion of the dark, blue deep beyond was answered by the waving vine clad hills—the breezes kissing the one and the other—who could fail, while gazing, to rejoice in the beautiful harmony of nature, and in the wonderful works of

God?

Early on Friday morning, November 14, we entered the harbor of Vera Cruz, near the City of the True Cross, and midway between it and the fast decaying castle of San Juan Ulila, built by

Hordando Cortes, in the early part of the sixteenth century.

Disembarking by means of small row boats, we soon reached shore, landing at the government custom house.

The writer, with many peculiar feelings, stood for the first time upon the soil of Mexico, and looked upon the quaint old city—the commercial port of the republic.

Meditation under the surroundings was of but short duration, for strange sounds, made in an apparently rapidly spoken language, confused by the noises of lumbering old drays, with wheels twice as large as the scrawny, little mules that hauled them over the rough cobble paved streets, brought the realization that we were in a foreign land, among a strange people, whose habits, ways and customs., were all widely different from any withwhom we had before been acquainted.

Here we view white, blue and rosecolored cupolas, houses painted bright red, yellow, orange, pink or blue; and sometimes a combination of all.

These with their flat terraces and pyramidal ornaments, all point to Oriental styles or

Moorish designs.

We visited, in the southern suburbs of the city, near the public park, the ruins;

of a large church, which was partially demolished when the city was bombarded by the American forces under Genera* Scott, in the war with Mexico.

Originally a vast building, this church is nowlittle more than a heap of ruins, marked by bare, blackened and fragmentary walls.

Among the many fine church buildings still in a good state of preservation, and used in the Catholic service, are one or two, presenting, because of their magnitude and chaste style of architecture, a very imposing appearanceOne of these in particular, as we gazed upon its white enameled tower, which reaches to a great height, struck us as being splendidly proportioned and beautifully designed.

The streets of the city cross at right angles, are narrow, cobblepaved and incline to the centre, forming there a drain or surface sewerage.

Vultures, swarming in myriads, are the scavengers of the city; picking up and devouring the garbage when thrown intothe streets.

These birds of carrion propensity,being protected by municipal law,.

are as tame as our common barn yard fowls.

As the shades of night gather around this devoted Catholic city, these birds of prey hover in dark clouds upon the dome and roof of cathedral and church, contending with each other for the higher and more desirable points upon which to repose for the night.

The public park, though not extensive^ presents some attractive features;

millions of fire-flies, during the early evening, mingle in the grasses and flit through the air like shooting stars, affording a sight at once strange and novel.

The Plaza, planted with palm and other treesy

EBULLITION.

robed in rich verdure, and the walks paved with marble and cement, is really a delightful square, in the midst of which, we see a handsome fountain, bordered by a broad circular marble walk, on the outer edge of which are arranged comfortable seats.

The Plaza affords, in the midst of the trees, during the day, places of rest for sweet singing, many hued birds, and of amusement for the active squirrel and playful monkey as they skip the limbs, leaping from sun light to shadow, and from shadow to sunlight.

During the heat of the day—we mention it as experienced on November 14th, equal to a July day in New York, and warmer than we ever felt in Utah—few people resort to this place of pleasure;

but when the cooler breezes of evening begin to close the oozing pores of perspiring humanity, thousands of people gather here;

among them the lively Frenchman, the cautious Englishman, the genial German,the observing Yankee, the polite Spaniard, the athletic African, and the sharp, quick, musical speaking

Mexican, and last, but not the least, the lithe, small and graceful Indian, descendant of a proud Aztec race.

Here male and female, white, brown and black, congregate and promenade, while listening to strains of sweet, and of discordant music, mingling with a confused cry of numerous toy, pottery, fruit and lottery ticket vendors.

Amid this animated scene, made bright by the many colored Chinese lanterns, casting changeable lights upon flower and moss festooned booths and bowers, the writer made notes for future writings, and, while doing so, the deep toned bell of the cathedral clock tolled the hour of eleven.

In thirty minutes the night express will bear us towards the spot where hundreds of years ago, an eagle, with a serpent in his talons, sitting upon a cactus tree growing from the cleft of a rock, washed by the waters of Lake Tezcuco, marked the place where was built the Aztec city of Tenochlitland, (afterwards called Mexico,) the home of the Montezumas.

Moses Thatcher.

Every person has two educations—one which he receives from others, and one, more important, which he gives himself.

Gibbon.

EBULLITION.

We have all noticed in what a turbulent state water is when it boils, but probably we are not all acquainted with the cause of this agitation.

Heat has a tendency to expand, and hence when a vessel of water is placed over a fire, the liquid below, being nearest to the fire, is warmed first and is expanded, and then begins to rise, while the colder water sinks and goes through the same change itself, and thus there is established a constant upper current along the sides of the vessel, with a downward current in the center.

But when all is heated to a point marked on

Fahrenheit's thermometer 212, the water begins to change its character, that is, it slowly transforms itself into steam, but in order to do this it must also expand so as to occupy seventeen hundred times more space than it did before, and this requires a great deal of heat.

Now, as the heat comes through the bottom or sides of the vessel, it is here that the water is first converted into bubbles of steam, and these, rising to the surface, because of their lightness, produce the agitation.

But before the boiling commences, a peculiar singing sound is heard, called simmering.

This will need some explanation.

The bubbles of gas formed on the bottom rise, but the higher up they go the colder the water becomes, as all has not yet been raised to the temperature of.

The steam bubbles are therefore reduced to liquid again, or if seen, they would seem to burst, and in doing so a sound is produced, but so many of these little explosions occur, and in

EBULLITION.

such rapid succession that they produce one continuous sound.

When water is heated under the ordinary pressure of the atmosphere at the level of the sea, a higher temperature than 212° cannot be reached, no matter how hot a fire is used.

The only effect of increased heat will be to cause it to boil away more rapidly.

If an ordinary tin vessel be placed over the fire, without water in it, the solder will soon melt away and the vessel fall to pieces.

There is no danger of this, however, when there is water in it;

for just as soon as the solder is heated a little above 21 2°, the heat is conducted to the water, and there used in heating it and converting it into steam.

Those bubbles spoken of as rising from the bottom of the vessel in the case of boiling water, continue to increase in size as they ascend.

But steam and all kinds of gases are so elastic that the slightest change in pressure produces a change in volume.

So when these bubbles are first formed at the bottom, they have the whole weight of the water above, compressing them, but as they rise the pressure decreases, and consequently they increase in size.

The pressure of the atmosphere amounts to about fifteen pounds on the square inch, and it is this compressing force that prevents the water from expanding into steam until a temperature of is reached.

All the extra heat is now transformed into force to overcome the weight of the air.

Now if this pressure is partly removed, it will not be necessary to raise the water to so high a temperature in order to make it boil.

In fact, when the weight of the air is removed almost entirely, water will boil even a little above the freezing point.

So the boiling point is not always the same, even in the same place, as the atmosphere is sometimes lighter than at other times.

So when we ascend mountains we leave much air below us, and hence the weight above decreases. Water will boil, then, high up above the level of the sea, at a much lower temperature than 212.

On the top of Mont Blanc, in the Alps, over sixteen thousand feet high, water will boil at about 180.

To illustrate the above facts, we would have to make use of an air pump, and by placing the water with a thermometer in it under the receiver and exhausting the air, we would observe how the boiling point lowers as the air is removed.

The experiment of Franklin is much simpler and also illustrates the same principle:

A glass flask that may be heated over a spirit lamp is partly filled with water, and heated until the water gives off steam, and then it is tightly corked and turned upside down.

Immediately the ebullition ceases, because the steam thus corked up exerts its pressure on the water and prevents it from boiling unless more heat is applied.

Now if we pour cold water over the flask, ebullition starts in again very briskly, but soon stops until more cold water is poured on.

This may be continued until the water in the flask is cold.

This seems rather paradoxical, but the principles explained above will show us why at once.

The effect of pouring cold water is to condense the steam which collects in little globules on the sides of the vessel, and this removes the pressure from the surface of the water to such an extent that it can boil again, even though much below 21 2 °.

But the steam thus generated soon collects above, and having no means of escape, presses down so heavily on the water that it stops ebullition again, until it is condensed by pouring on more cold water.

On looking across the column of steam that comes from the spout of a teakettle, it is invisible within an inch or so from the spout, but beyond that it appears like a cloud of smoke, and this we are accustomed to call steam, but in reality the steam is what came from the spout invisible, and what we see is the same condensed into little globules of liquid water so small that they readily float about in the air for a time.

When a drop of water falls on a hot stove, it does not flatten, but still retains its spherical form, but all the time growing smaller, and dancing about from one place to another, until it becomes quite

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

small, when it disappears all at once.

It 'has been determined by observation that <ihe drop really does not touch the hot stove, but is kept off a certain distance by the steam that is generated just before it comes in actual contact with the stove.

In boiling away the water from the juice of sugarcane in order to obtain the sugar, it was found that when this was done at the high temperature of 212, a great deal of molasses was formed at the expense of the sugar, and the only way to avoid this was to boil it away at a lower temperature.

Accordingly as soon as the facts above mentioned became known, air pumps were used to draw away the air, and also the steam as fast as it was formed, and thus the pressure from the surface of the juice was so much removed that boiling could take place at a very low heat, and thus a great deal more sugar was produced, and of course much less molasses.

Alcohol boils at a temperature much below, and hence if we take any •ordinary spirituous liquor we may easily separate the alcohol, by raising it to a heat below the boiling point of water, and thus only the alcohol with but little of the water will pass off as a gas.

If this process is repeated, there will be still less water mixed with the alcohol, but it can not all be removed by this process.

It is in this way also that many of the essential oils, used in making perfumes and essences are separated from water.

In gold and silver mining, these precious metals are often separated from the rock and dirt by allowing them to dissolve in quicksilver or mercury, a metal found in the liquid state.

After this the quicksilver is boiled away, and only the gold or silver is left behind.

The nutritious matter contained in bones cannot be dissolved in water at, and hence in order to overcome this difficulty a Frenchman named Papin, invented a kettle with a tight fitting lid so as to keep the steam in and to increase the pressure, and thus raise the boiling point to any temperature desired.

The expansive force of steam is also used as the motive force in the steam engine.

Quebec.

The mixture of those things by speech, which by nature are divided, is the mother of all error.

Hooker.

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

FIRST LEAF.

There is nothing more valuable than truth.

Religious truth, or that which relates to God, our duty to Him, His laws and purposes, and the means by which •we may now come to Him and eventually be exalted in His presence, is really priceless.

To obtain a knowledge of religious truth, both young and old should be willing to make every exertion and to offer any sacrifice.

There are many systems of religion in the world, but only one can be correct, for the simple reason that there is but one God for the inhabitants of the earth to worship and obey.

If there were many true Gods to whom mankind owed reverence, there might be several true religions.

God is the author or revealer of true religion.

Men may invent and arrange methods of worship, imagine and think out doctrines, and formulate and enforce creeds; but they are of no value as a means of salvation.

God must be approached and served in the way which He ordains, or the worship and service will not be accepted.

The first principle of true religion is Faith.

This is the beginning of righteousness.

It is the very root of the tree of life, and its sap runs through all the branches.

-'Without faith it is impossible to please God."And "Whosoever cometh to God must believe that He is."

Faith, in its simplest sense, is the assent of the mind, and its assurance of the existence of things unseen by the natural eye.

This is belief.

In another sense, faith is a motive power, a principle of

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

action.

Examination into the secret springs that prompt us in the common affairs of life will show that faith moves us to exertion and incites us to perseverance.

It is the assurance we feel of the existence or attainment of things unperceived by the senses, which urges us onward and inspires us with energy.

In a higher sense, faith is a spiritual force..

It reaches up to the heavenly spheres.

It lays hold upon eternal things.

It acts upon the grosser elements, and moves spiritual essences and immortal intelligencies.

It is in its fulness all powerful.

By its exercise God made the worlds, bringing order out of chaos, light out of darkness, and visible things out of the invisible, all moved by that spiritual energy called faith.

By its power Christ stilled the winds and walked, upon the -waves, healed the sick and raised the dead.

Elijah by faith closed the heavens, that they rained not, and overcame the might of Death, passing with his body into the mansions on high.

By faith Job beheld the coming of the Redeemer and Paul ascended to the third heaven.

And by faith men and women can overcome the influences of earth and time, and rise to communion with angelic beings, and even with God, the highest and holiest of all.

Man must have faith in God in order to become exalted into His presence.

No man knows of himself how to reach that position, nor how to obtain salvation from sin and its effects, among which are sorrow and pain, and death as the ultimate.

To learn anything in relation to these important matters he must be taught of God, and faith is therefore absolutely necessary in the outset of any attempt to learn of Him.

This faith "comes by hearing,"or in other words is developed by testimony.

Through the testimony of men divinely appointed to speak in the name of the Lord,faith is awakened in the human heart.

It is a principle existing in every soul, but in the condition of fallen humanity is measurably dormant, until quickened by a •divine influence.

The word spoken by inspired men, accompanied by the influence of the spirit of truth, arouses faith in the soul of man, and by its force he is led to call upon the Lord, and by its light to see his way to repentance and obedience.

No man by his own researches can find out God.

He may, by reason and reflection, by observing and pondering upon the wonders of creation, by studying his own internal and external nature, come to the sure conclusion that there is a God, and to a very small extent make an estimate of His character.

But without the Almighty manifests Himself in some manner, finite man can never obtain a knowledge of infinite Deity.

The speculations of human beings concerning

God are -many and various, and a vast number of their conclusions inconsistent and vain.

Human learning, no matter how extensive, and human research, no matter how profound, are of necessity inadequate alone to the acquisition of a knowledge of divine things.

Hence an unlettered person enlightened direct from

God, will know more of Deity than the most erudite collegian who has not received this divine illumination."

Some conception of God is necessary to proper faith in Him.

On this account He has, at different periods of the world's history, manifested Himself to chosen persons, whom He has deputed to bear witness of His existence and attributes to others, and declare His will and commandments.

The history of some of these manifestations and revelations given in olden times is recorded in the Bible.

Those that have been vouchsafed to man in the latter times are embodied in what is popularly known as "Mormonism,"but what should be called the Everlasting Gospel,renewed on earth.

By these we learn that God is the Fa-, ther of the human race.

As every seed in nature bears its own kind, it is reasonable to conclude that man bears some semblance to the Being from whom He sprang.

And this idea is confirmed by the divine declaration that "God made man in His own image."Our Father in Heaven is, then, a personal Being.

He is a Spirit.

But He is also enclothed in a tabernacle.

In other words, He is an immortal Spirit dwelling in an immortal

DEVOTIONAL LITERATURE.

tabernacle.

Every faculty and power to be found in mortal man exists in the fulness of its perfection in the person of Deity.

Those glorious qualities which make so wide a distinction between man and the lower animals, are undeveloped photographs, or, rather, embryotic duplicates of the perfected attributes of the

Eternal Father.

Being an individual, God, in His personality, cannot be omnipresent.

But by the Holy Spirit, which proceeds from

His presence and permeates all things throughout the immensity of space, He can see and know and influence all things.

Yet the Being who has power over all His creations proceeds by law, and while giving laws to all His creations is Himself governed by law and never violates the eternal principles of truth, justice and mercy.

The "laws of nature "are the laws of God, and He is consistent with them and those higher laws, which pertain to the spiritual spheres.

The Fatherhood of God is a glorious truth that must at some time be impressed upon every one of our race.

It involves the brotherhood of man.

It is full of ennobling and elevating suggestions, and prompts those who are impressed with its majesty to deeds worthy of so exalted an origin;leads to humility and obedience, and influences all the sons and daughters of the Eternal Father to mutual help, forbearance, charity and affection, as brothers and sisters of a family, whose destiny is connected with the glory and dominion and matchless power of the Almighty framer and governor of the Universe.

C. IV. Penrose.

DEVOTIONAL LITERATURE.

"Religentem esse oportet, religiosum nefas."( We ought to be Religious, not Superstitious.) It was observed by Bulwer Lytton that "Authors are the only men we ever really do know—the rest of mankind die with only the surface of their characters understood."Paradoxical as it may appear, this affirmation is strikingly true of the many millions that "tread the globe,"only a handful reveal themselves.

The great mass of mankind drop into their graves unknown.

Who would dare to tell, even a dear friend, the thronging fancies of his brain?

Who could reveal the fond desires and aspirations that at some time come to all?

He who should attempt it would be laughed at for his pains, and most people are extremely averse to being ridiculed.

Could we know the exquisite pathos and tenderness of Charles Dickens had he never written?

Would Byron's gloomy idiosyncracies so startle us, but for his immortal poems?

Should we feel the powers of the "myriad-minded Shakspeare,"but for the Tempest, Hamlet, King Lear, and those other, his wonderful creations?

So far from this case, each, in a popular sense, would have died "unwept, unhonored and unsung."

He who writes his thoughts may hence stand a chance of being understood, though if he possess a great and fertile mind, much of his most sacred self can never be revealed.

It follows from this that an author's biography will be most completely found in his works.

The date of his birth and death, his native town and his father's praenomen are matters that but little affect the story of the man, as is the case of Milton and blind Maeonides; but the dawnings of his mind, its early excursions, its depth, purity and strength, these are the desiderata which his writings alone can supply.

Take for example, Thomas Hood, the witty, the humorous, the pathetic; and who, with a particle of discernment, could not write his biography from his works?

Whims and Oddities, The Bridge of Sighs, Song of the Shirt, The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies;

these writings constitute in themselves the true history of that poet's life.

An author's literary productions often

DEVOTIONAL LITERATURE.

discover him to be possessed of virtues, the existence of which his most intimate friends had never known.

Particularly is this apparent in the matter of religious tendencies, whose recipients have frequently been ashamed to make them known.

A few of our most popular writers, however, have exhibited, in portions of their works, such a spirit of meekness, of utter reliance upon God, and such an universal benevolence, as the world has too rarely seen.

As an example of the first of these, may be mentioned the poet Byron, of whom it is enough for our purpose to say that his conception, Cain, is the reflex of his own character.

Byron was universally regarded as an unbeliever, as a scoffer at others'faith, as one whose tendencies were "to destroy all belief in the reality of virtue, and to make all enthusiasm and constancy of affection ridiculous."Yet this man, in his Hebrew Melodies, has left us some of the most exquisite thoughts upon record, and in a poem written upon his deathbed, displays that doubt of the past and uncertainty of the future, which during his life he was ashamed to avow.

It is cheering to turn from this dark mind to the genial Addison, than whom few have written better or more trustingly in sacred poetry.

Of him it is related that, being on a bed of sickness, he sent for his acquaintance, the Earl of Warwick, whom he wished to reclaim from a life of licentiousness and dissipation.

"I have sent for you,"said he, "that you may see in what peace a Christian can die."He breathed his last on the 17th of June, 1719.

The chief characteristics of his devotional works are humility, veneration, and admiration of the Divine

Power.

These qualities are seen very plainly in the Paraphrase of the Twentythird Psalm, in the hymns commencing "How are thy servants blest, O Lord!"and "When all thy mercies, O my God,"etc.

The following ode is also very fine

The spacious firmament on high,

With all the blue ethereal sky,

And spangled heavens, a shining frame,

Their great Original proclaim:

Th'unwearied sun, from day to day,

Does his Creator's power display,

And publishes to every land The work of an Almighty hand.

Soon as the evening shades prevail,

The moon takes up the wondrous tale,

And, nightly to the list'ning earth,

Repeats the story of her birth:

While all the stars that round her burn,

And all the planets in their turn,

Confirm the tidings as they roll,

And spread the truth from pole to pole.

What though, in solemn silence, all

Move round the dark terrestrial ball?

What though no real voice, nor sound,

Amid their radiant orbs be found?

In Reason's ear they all rejoice,

And utter forth a glorious voice;

Forever singing as they shine, "The Hand that made us is divine."

The sacred hymns of Dr. Isaac Watts will probably last as long as our language.

They arrest attention by their simplicity, warmth and exquisite imagery.

He is one of the most prolific of religious poets, and is the constant companion of old and young.

No collection of hymns would be complete without some of his productions.

The succeeding is a good example of his style:

A SUMMER EVENING.

How fine has the day been, how bright was the sun, How lovely and joyful the course that he run,

Though he rose in a mist when his race he begun,

And there followed some droppings of rain!

But now the fair traveler's come to the west,

His rays are all gold, and his beauties are best;

He paints the sky gay as he sinks to his rest,

And foretells a bright rising again.

Just such is the Christian;

his course he begins, Like the sun in a mist, when he mourns for his sins, And melts into tears;

then he breaks out and shines, And travels his heavenly way;

But when he comes nearer to finish his race,

Like a fine setting sun, he looks richer in grace,

And gives a sure hope at the end of his days,

Of rising in brighter array.

On the 20th of November, 1752, was born Thomas Chatterton, "The marvellous boy, The sleepless soul that perished in his pride."

IO DEVOTIONAL LITERATURE.

Other poets had written at an early age:

Pope, and Cowley, and Byron had composed poems when ranging from twelve to fifteen years old.

Chatterton, taught to read and write at a charity school, when a mere child eleven years of age, wrote as follows:

A HYMN.

Almighty Framer of the skies, O let our pure devotion rise Like incense in thy sight Wrapt in impenetrable shade The texture of our souls was made,

Till thy command gave light.

The sun of glory gleamed, the ray

Refined the darkness into day,

And bid the vapors fly:

Impelled by his eternal love, He left his palaces above, To cheer our gloomy sky.

How shall we celebrate the day,

When God appeared in mortal clay,

The mark of worldly scorn.

When the archangel's heavenly lays

Attempted the Redeemer's praise,

And hailed Salvation's morn?

A humble form the Godhead wore,

The pains of poverty he bore, To gaudy pomp unknown:

Though in a human walk he trod,

Still was the man Almighty God,

In glory all his own.

Despised, oppressed, the Godhead bears

The torments of this vale of tears,

Nor bids his vengeance rise:

He saw the creatures He had made

Revile his power, his peace invade.

He saw with Mercy's eyes.

Chatterton lived only six years after writing the above.

To escape starvation, he destroyed himself by taking arsenic dying, at the youthful age of seventeen, the wonder of England.

"No English poet,"says Campbell, "ever equalled him at the same age."

No one can read the delightful poetry of William Cowper, without lamenting the dark malady with which his mind was clouded.

Learned, devout, of simple and kindly habits, he was the delight of all acquaintances.

His contributions to hymnal literature are very numerous, and of the highest merit.

Many of the selections oftenest used in divine service are from his pen.

He has nothing nn£r among the Olney Hymns than the ode so familiar to us all, "God moves in a mysterious way."What follows, on retirement, shows a mind accustomed to reflect upon the mercies of the Lord:

Far from the world, O Lord, I flee From strife and tumult far!

From scenes where Satan wages still

His most successful war.

The calm retreat, the silent shade,

With prayer and praise agree;

And seem by thy sweet bounty made

For those who follow Thee.

There, if thy Spirit touch the soul, And grace her mean abode, Oh, with what peace, and joy, and love,

She communes with her God There like the nightingale she pours

Her solitary lays;

Nor asks a witness of her song,

Nor thirsts for human praise.

Author and Guardian of my life,

Sweet source of light divine, And (all harmonious names in one)

My Savior, thou art mine!

What thanks I owe Thee, and what love,

A boundless, endless store, Shall echo through the realms above

When time shall be no more.

Thomas Moore, poet, novelist and biographer;

the friend and Aristarchus of Lord Byron, by whom he was called "Anacreon Moore,"in reference to his amatory publications, has added to the common stock a few beautiful specimens of devotional poetry.

The sequent is, perhaps, as good as anything in his collection.

The ideas are easily and beautifully expressed:

As down in the sunless retreats of the ocean

Sweet flowers are springing no mortal can see,

So, deep in my soul the still prayer of devotion,

Unheard by the world, rises silent to Thee,

My God silent to Thee Pure, warm, silent to Thee.

As still to the star of its worship, though clouded, The needle points faithfully o'er the dim sea,

So, dark as I roam, in this wintry world shrouded,

The hope of my spirit turns trembling to Thee,

My God trembling to Thee True, fond, trembling to Thee.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

Among the numerous hymns composed by James Montgomery, are many of the rarest beauty.

The thoughts are often sublime, while the versification is absolutely faultless.

The piece commencing "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire,"deserves especial mention;

but we have not space for any quotations, as we wish to introduce one more author, whose poems are few indeed, but of surpassing excellence.

We refer to H.

F.

Lyte, who died in 1847.

To us, the following poem appears to contain unnumbered beauties.

We never tire of reading it:

"ABIDE WITH ME!"Abide with me!

fast falls the eventide;

The darkness deepens:

Lord, with me abide!

When other helpers fail, and comforts flee,

Help of the helpless, O abide with me!

Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day;

Earth's joys grow dim, its glories pass away;

Change and decay in all around

I see;'Thou who changest not, abide with me!

1 need thy presence every passing hour:

What but thy grace can foil the tempter's power?

Who like Thyself my guide and stay can be?

Through clouds and sunshine, O abide with me!

I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless;

Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness:

Where is death's sting? where, grave, thy victory?

I triumph still, if Thou abide with me!

We have thus shown a few of the best specimens of devotional poetry which our language affords. Some good authors, such as John and Charles Wesley, have been omitted,as it is impossible to mention all in the limits of a short essay.

The writers cited are such as have attained a clasp upon the hearts of the people, which no time can ever weaken.

Beppo.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

THE CATHEDRAL OF MILAN.

With the exception of St. Peter's at Rome and the Church of Seville, the Milan Cathedral is the largest house of worship in the world.

Its architect drew his inspiration from an Alpine mountain, the lofty pinnacled spires and massive base of which he attempted to reproduce, and has so far succeeded that the observer on first beholding the grand, imposing edifice, naturally turns his gaze to the distant Alps, to discover some of the works of nature, with which to compare it.

Approaching the building, the thousands of canopied niches, which are cut upon the surface in every appropriate place, relieve the sharp angles, adorn the waste of massive wall and afford shelter for the finely executed statues of all sizes, which are placed within them.

There are upwards of two thousand of these statues already in position, and when the work of ornamentation shall be completed, above twice that number will grace the walls and embellish the columns and arches of the wonderful cathedral.

The shape of the church is that of a cross, and in many respects resembles the cathedral of Cologne.

The nave and transept are flanked with double aisles; the arched ceilings being supported by rows of massive columns, some of them monoliths seventy feet high, and twelve feet in diameter.

Instead of capitals surmounting the tops of these columns, which are upwards of fifty in number, beautifully carved niches are formed about the upper part of each, in which are located life-sized statues of saints and holy men, whose memories are cherished by their devout descendants.

The vaulting of the arches is artistically painted to represent perforated stone work, and seen at so great a distance, above one hundred and fifty feet, the illusion is perfect.

The entire floor of the cathedral is an elegantly designed mosaic of different colored marbles, which seem to rise in individual blocks out of their places,in the magnificent per-

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

spective, afforded by the immense distance, from the entrance of the cathedral up the long nave to the altar at the transept.

On every hand one encounters statues, some in white Parian marble, others in colored marbles and porphery.

Of the latter material is the wonderful anatomical statue of St. Bartholomew, by Marcus a Grate.

It represents the saint flayed alive, exposing with remarkable precision, all the muscles of the body, while over the left shoulder is carelessly hung the skin.

Within the treasury are life size statues of St.

Ambrogio and others, made of solid silver; also many jewels, rings and precious stones, relics and unique articles of vertu.

Within a short distance of the treasury is the subterranean vault containing the tomb of St.

Borromeo.

A small fee is charged for admission here, as to almost every part of the cathedral, and upon payment of a considerably larger one, an interesting, but not very cheerful exhibition of the relics and bones of the deceased saint is given.

It is truly wonderful to contemplate the sanctimonious relish, with which the benighted people of the Catholic countries unearth the bones of their hero saints, and make their exposure matters of merchandise for the sake of holy church.

Out from the gloomy crypt to the main floor is a relief;

for the subdued light, streaming through the colored windows, is rich as the rays of sunlight on a field of yellow grain, though the ever prevailing smell of incense is not so healthful.

The awe and wonder feeling in visiting the cathedral, comes upon you while standing on the floor, and trying to gather within the small compass of a human mind, the stupendous work that lies around and rears aloft its proud symmetrical form in a thousand beautiful parts, over all of which rests a glorious halo.

The three vast windows of the choir, are marvels of stained glass, representing upwards of three hundred and fifty scriptural subjects.

We, however, reach the climax of our enjoyment, when after ascending two hundred steps inside, and three hundred without the edifice, we reach the highest gallery of the tower.

From this commanding altitude, overlooking the houses of Milan, which appear like the domiciles of Liliput, and the people in the streets, who look like flattened out dwarfs, the view of the country around is at once a noble prospect, and a panorama of varied beauty and vast extent.

Away to the north and east is seen the lofty peaks of Mont Blanc, Great St.

Bernard, Mont Cenis and Monte Rosa, after which the cathedral is designed, and the high mountains of the Simplon and St. Gotthard, while south and west, the rolling land of Lombardy and the Apennines in the distance, enchant the eye.

The towers and domes of Pavia, beneath which rest the richest monuments of architectural decoration in northern Italy, can be seen.

The whole view is impressive and not easily forgotten.

The snow-clad peaks among the clouds, and the sunny vales of orange and figs trees in bloom, crowded into a single momentary glance The contrast is striking—Switzerland and Italy—but it is delightful.

One could spend a week in contemplating it from so glorious a vantage ground.

We must descend and take our leave of the grand cathedral, but before we go let us see what the illustrious travel writer, the late Bayard Taylor, says of it "The Cathedral of Milan is more interesting than many an entire city.

It stands in an irregular open place, closely hemmed in by houses on two sides, so that it can be seen to advantage from only one point.

It is a mixture of the Gothic and Romanesque styles; the body of the structure is entirely covered with statues and richly wrought sculpture, with needle like spires of white marble rising up from every corner.

But of the exquisite airy look of the whole mass, although so solid and vast, it is impossible to convey an idea.

It resembles some fabric of frost-work which winter traces on the window panes.

"Ascending the marble steps which lead to the front, I lifted the folds of the heavy curtain and entered.

What a glorious aisle The mighty pillars sup-

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

port a magnificent arched ceiling, painted to resemble fretwork, and the little light that falls through the small windows above, enters tinged with a dim golden hue.

A feeling of solemn awe comes over one as he steps with a hushed tread along the colored marble floor, and measures the massive columns until they blend with the gorgeous arches above.

There are four rows of these, about fifty in all, and when I state that they are eight feet in diameter, and sixty or seventy feet in height, some idea may be formed of the grandeur of the building.

The Duomo is not yet entirely finished, the workmen still being employed in various parts, but it is said that when completed, there will be four thousand statues on different parts of it.

"The design of the Duomo is said to be taken from Monte Rosa, one of the loftiest peaks of the Alps.

Its hundreds of sculptured pinnacles, rising from every part of the body of the church, certainly bear a striking resemblance to the splintered ice-crags of Savoy.

Thus we see how art, mighty and endless in her forms though she be, is in everything but the child of nature.

Her divinest conceptions are but copies of objects which we behold every day.

The faultless beauty of the Corinthian capital—the springing and intermingling arches of the

Gothic aisle—the pillared portico or the massive and sky-piercing pyramid—are but attempts at reproducing, by the studied regularity of art, the ever-varied and ever-beautiful forms of mountain, rock and forest.

But there is oftentimes a more thrilling sensation of enjoyment produced by the creation of man's hand and intellect than the grander effects of nature, existing constantly before our eyes.

It would seem as if man marvelled more at his own work than at the work of the Power which created him."

De Vallibus.

Speaking of temperance, I have observed that many people make temperance so much a hobby, in conversation and practice, that it might well be said of them, they are intemperately temperate.—/^. D. Richards.

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

1.

This is an age of education.

So broad an assertion may appear, and in one sense is, extravagant.

If we speak of education in its limited field, or that which is bounded by the knowledge acquired at schools and colleges, there is undoubtedly a degree of extravagance but if education be taken, as it should be, and as it is gradually being taken, to embrace the whole range of human learning, the teachings of our lives in each day and in every act, and in the search after that branch of knowledge, so subtle, so evanescent and yet so plain and so permanent, which leads to the hope of a future existence, it becomes a very rational assertion.

There is, too, such an alliance between the school education and that of life, in all its phases, which may be discerned, that it is very difficult, admitting it to be possible, to point to the line where the one ends and the other begins.

In the view here expressed, it is true that every age may justly be claimed to have been an age of education;

but at 00 time, so far as is known, has there been such a universal thirst for knowledge,everywhere throughout all the civilized portions of the globe, and in many portions inhabited by races we look upon as still in darkness.

It is the one popular theme;

it reaches all classes, and in all alike it rouses the noblest emotions of which mortal is capable.

Education has never attained so exalted a position as it occupies to-day;

in no age has it ever been entitled to such honors;

it has never been so far reaching, so thorough, so varied and so boundless as it is now.

Therefore this is essentially the age of education.

Everything that pertains to it is of primary importance, and particularly

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

should that be of great weight, which lays the foundation for, and opens the gates to all knowledge and its liberal application—the school.

In view of these facts, there can be no question of such interest to our people, and to the young most of all.

/ Education in Utah has had such a varied experience, and has been subject to such peculiar changes, that an account of them, apart from its value as an evidence of progress, would make an interesting chapter to all who have any regard for the history of their Territory.

The University of Deseret has ever been and still is so inseparably associated with the progress of education in Utah, that a history of the one is equivalent to a history of the other, and on this assumption they will be treated.

Passing for the present at least, any reference to the difficulties that beset the course of education in a pioneer country and among a pioneer people, we will begin at the beginning.

At the time the University of Deseret was brought into being, our Territory was controlled by what was known as the Provisional Government of the State of Deseret.

An act incorporating and establishing the University of Deseret was passed by the general assembly of this government, on the 28th day of February, 1850, making this institution actually older than the Territory itself. Then, as now, the conduct of the University was entrusted to a chancellor and a board of twelve regents, who were elected, as now, by the Legislature, but only for one year, instead of which they now hold for a period of two years.

The Legislature then met annually, while it now meets biennially, this being the reason for the difference in the terms of office.

At that time the legal power of the University was much broader than it has been for a number of years past; there was no common school law, and the tenor of legislation subsequent to the granting of the University charter, clearly indicates it to have been the wish of the Legislators that the University, through its Chancellor and Board of Regents, should exercise a guardian or parental influence over the educational interests of the entire Territory.

Shortly after the creation of the institution by the provisional government, Utah was made a Territory, and the Territorial Legislature adopted bodily, among others, the act incorporating the University.

It was not until the November following, that the institution began operations, under the significant title of "The Parent

School."At first it was conducted,by Dr.

Cyrus Collins, but subsequently, and during the same year, by Orson Spencer, M. A., and Mr. W. W. Phelps.

Though commenced under what might, at that date, have seemed to be propitious circumstances, the school was destined to fail, and this, too, for reasons that were quite natural, and which are very apparent now.

The University, as already stated, received its charter from the provisional government of the

State of Deseret, thus having an actual, though perhaps not an active existence prior to Utah being given a territorial form of government, and only about two and a half years later than the settlement of the Territory.

It must be held in remembrance that

Utah, at that time, enjoyed a very meagre population, a large majority of which inhabited Salt Lake Valley and the immediate vicinity of Salt Lake

City.

The people were poor;

the country was wild and uncultivated, and the bare necessaries of life could be forced from the almost barren soil only by the most persistent exertions.

It was a struggle for existence—a struggle which in all times past and in all times to come, in the very nature of things, must engulph every other consideration, however weighty.

In fact, it was pioneer life, always the same.

The pioneer makes the wilds habitable, and by industry, prudence and economy, saves means with which he is enabled, in the course of time, to add conveniences and comforts to the necessities at first so difficult to secure.

Did he attempt to enjoy luxuries from the beginning, he would always be poor, and would not only want the comforts but the necessaries of life, for he who consumes all he produces, at the time of production, must always be a

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

*5 producer, if he would exist by his own labor.

Now schoolhouses and schoolbooks are not as absolutely needful as bread and clothes;

therefore the pioneer's first thought is to secure the latter, and by means of economy to obtain the former in due time.

At the period of the creation of the University of Deseret, the people had not so far advanced that a university was a necessity and while schools had been and FTere still being opened;

while all the talent necessary to the successful management of a high school was accessible and while the people possessed in a large degree that impulse, so natural to parents and so noble, to give to their children every educational advantage, they had overestimated their ability, and in their zeal overlooked the fact, which came to them subsequently, that sufficient preparation had not been made for the support of the school.

In plain words, they were still in the bread and clothes condition rather than that of the schoolhouse and schoolbooks.

Their desire, nevertheless, was noble, both in spirit, and had things been favorable, in practice, and for the brief period of their habitation in these mountains, evidences a zeal in the cause of education as remarkable and courageous as it was broad and worthy.

The section of the act incorporating the University, which defines the powers and duties of the Chancellor and Board of Regents, among other things, says they shall transact "all business needful to the prosperity of the

University in advancing all useful and fine arts and sciences;

select and procure land; erect and purchase buildings;

solicit donations; send agents abroad;

receive subscriptions; purchase books, maps, charts, and all apperatus necessary for the most liberal endowment of any library and scientific institution;

employ professors and teachers; make by-laws;

establish branches of the University throughout the

State, and do all other things that fathers and guardians of the institution ought to do."

Even in this day of advanced and liberal ideas, it would be difficult to frame a charter broader in its terms and more liberal in its spirit than the one from which this extract is made.

The government was still poor, and while at heart the people were anxious to support an institution that would compare with any, the material developments of the Territory had not yet reached a point that would justify the gratification of this wish, i Consequently, after a brief and manly struggle, good judgment prevailed and the active existence of the parent school/ ceased.

For nearly sixteen years the University lived merely upon the statute books;

yet there is something, and not a little, of credit, in this.

It showed that while the people had learned that their hearts and their heads were longer than their purses, they did not despair and were far from willing to yield to circumstances which patience and industry would surmount;

it also demonstrates that the idea of a practical resucitation was steadily entertained through all these years.

During this time, an act providing for the establishment and support of Common Schools became law, and was put in operation.

To a degree and in a legal sense, this withdrew the common schools from the protection and control of the Chancellor and Board of Regents, it had at first been the intention should be exercised through the University; but nevertheless it left the University as much a State institution as it had ever been.

During this long period also, the Territory made rapid and remarkable progress in its growth and spread of population, in the development of its material interests and in the increase of wealth consequent upon both.

Its condition in 1867 was in marked contrast with that of 1851, in that it had now reached a position where school-houses and school-books, and above all, a State institution up to which the common schools could look for competent teachers, and in which young men and women could obtain a higher education, had become a veritable and undeniable necessity.

The University, then, had become a necessity;

it was resuscitated, but in a new form.

The spirit of its management

i6 SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

was at variance with the spirit of its charter and the legislation which had placed it on a state footing.

Mr.

D. O.

Calder was the principal, and in November, it was organized and conducted as a

I commercial college until March of 1867.

The idea of a commercial college was in itself worthy, but it was nearly as far ahead of the times, as the Parent School had been.

A commercial school was not then, a necessity; and while it gave young men a practical business education, implanted in some business habits, and fitted them for business positions, there was no demand for their knowledge when they had graduated; and their commercial education was of little value to them.

As education is a means to an end, and, as a young man in educating himself should do so with a view to making the knowledge he acquires of positive pecuniary value, he should choose that which, while being most agreeable to his talent and to his inclination, will place him in a position to do the greatest amount of good, and in which he can command the greatest return.

Therefore, while the commercial college was well attended and successfully managed, it could not be of very long life;

the condition of the Territory would not justify it; and a large majority of its graduates were left just where they had been on their entrance, so far as the information they had acquired at the college, in any way assisted in securing for them employment that would be remunerative, when the time spent and the knowledge of which they had become possessed were considered.

This became understood and a change was determined upon—a change that would finally place the institution where the Solons of the Provisional Government and the early Territorial Legislature had intended it should be placed.

Dr. John R. Park, a graduate of the University of New York, to-day the principal of the University and the foremost educator in the Territory, was called upon by the Board of Regents to assume the management of the institution, to re- i volutionize its method and to reorganize it on a plan as decidedly in contrast with the commercial college as the latter was with the plan to be gathered from the charter.

R. W. Sloan.

SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

DINING WITH A FRIEND.

The first thing a boy does on entering a new school, after cutting his initials in his desk, is to form an everlasting bond of friendship with some other boy; and by the time the two have become joint proprietors in tops, chinies, agates and crystals, flints not included—they are ready to swear that no time or change in this life shall sever the covenant they have made.

These beautiful associations, however, though among the most touching common to our nature, are not destined to flourish undisturbed;

a destroying hand, the ruthless authority of parents, often blights the plant of friendship in its growth, and effectually checks the bloom of budding affection; how frequently is the spectacle of a swim in the slough frustrated, a game of one old cat circumvented, or a perusal of Mr.

Munro's charming stories interdicted and forbidden, through the intervention of some obstacle, such as a lot to water, a wood pile to demolish, or a grove of plum trees to be stripped! with the alternative of a willow of your own cutting as the reward for disobedience.

Alas! we have seen the most sacred feelings of boyhood trampled upon—its fondest engagements for "horn"and "woolley "alike disregarded, its innocent diversions of "tick tack"and "stretch a twine across the sidewalk"equally punished by that implacable exterminator of youthful joys known as Parental Authority!

We had just emerged from that obscurity which shrouds the life of every boy until he has put a dozen years be-

SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

hind him—in other words, we had just entered our "teens"—when our soul became knit together with that of Jud Lovekin.

We were both entered as pupils in Mrs. Cobb's department of the

University, and we met for the first time on one of those interesting orthographic occasions, when the bad children remain after hours and write on a slate several hundred words of three syllables each, for the edification of their teacher.

Our primal intimacy arose through a small commercial transaction, which took place between us—we giving him the loan of our words, after they had been accepted by the teacher, thereby saving him the trouble of writing any at all;

for and in consideration of which he allowed us a controlling interest in a basso cow-bell.

This bond of sympathy between us was strengthened by similar dealings on like occasions; and before a week had passed over our heads, we were sworn friends for life, as well as co-partners in seventytwo chinies, eight crystals, numberless commies, an agate, three tops, and a (i secret place "in the bottom of his father's garden.

For some time the fates seemed to glory in our friendship; we sat together at school, went swimming together during the arithmetic class, devoured Beadle and Munro's library together, under cover of a friendly geography, spelt untold polysyllables together after hours, lunched together—in fact, David and Jonathan, or Damon and Pythias, were distant connections compared to Jud Lovekin and ourself;

until, one ill-starred day, he asked us to go home to dinner with him.

It was not without some misgivings that we entered the yard of Mr. Lovekin,

Jud's father; though we had never seen the gentleman in question, yet we had heard him casually spoken of by the boys at school as a "tough customer,"a "son of a sea cook,"&c.—expressions which did not tend to increase our confidence.

Vague fears as to our friends prerogative in the matter of inviting guests to share the family meal, also began to fill our mind, until we suppose something of our doubts was reflected in our face, for Jud, looking at us, exclaimed;

"Y'aint ascairt, are ye?

Pshaw! my mother knows your'n, and she's heard me talk of you a thousand times.

Come on."And passing our arms over each other's shoulders in that fond manner known to boyhood alone, and slightly resembling the two-headed lady, we proceeded up the walk towards the house.

Opening the front door without any hesitation, Jud disclosed the alarming spectacle of a young lady in the act of putting on a dress as she had just reached that stage of the process, where a wild struggle is necessary to determine whether the head shall emerge from the chaos of drapery which envelops it, or remain forever veiled, she did not at first perceive our entrance;

but when the head had come out triumphant, and its owner caught a glimpse of us, standing in some disorder viewing the scene, she uttered a wild little bark, or ejaculation, and vanished with a sound like the rushing of waters, into a side room.

Noting our confused glance, our friend laughed and said, "It's only sis; never mind her;

she ought to keep out of the parlor if she don't want to be caught dressin'."And taking us by the hand, he led the way into another room, where a table was spread, and a healthy-faced, kindlooking lady was bustling over a stove.

"Oh, Jeddy,"she said, "have you come?

And who's this?""Billy, ma; Billy Willis, what I've told you about.""And this is Marthy Willis's boy, is it,"exclaimed the good woman, gazing on us with a retrospective air. "Well, well, who'd a believed it possible

Marthy and me was girls together in Winter Quarters. My, my, how times do change

And how is your mother?""Pretty well, I thank you, ma'm,"murmured we, greatly cheered by these reminiscences on the lady's part.

".Let me see,"she continued; "you must have been born at the time of the Move, wasn't you?""Yes, ma'm,"we ans\vered,"atProvo.""So you was, so you was,"said Jud's mother; "and Jeddy is just two months older'n you.

Well, well, what a peculiar thing time is to be sure."

i8 SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

This apostrophe was cut short by a sound of loud stamping outside the door, followed immediately by the entrance of a very large man, whose face looked as if he had just come off a hard run.

Without any ado, he proceeded to take off, first his hat, then his coat, then his vest, then his collar, and I had just grasped the sides of my chair in an ecstasy of horror lest he intended disrobing altogether, when he dropped into a seat with a loud "Whew!"and began to fan himself violently with both hands.

"It seems to me,"he gasped, "as if you got it as hot as you could here for me to eat dinner by; why don't you roast us all out and be done with it?""I suppose you know I can't get dinner without a fire, don't you?"retorted the lady; "a pretty hullobaloo we'd have if I tried it.""Urn!"replied Mr. Lovekin (a name,

I began to fancy, which ill suited him).

"Well, what about dinner, any way?

Are we going to have any to-day?""Pretty likely,"was his wife's rejoinder; "set up, its all ready. Set up, boys."

These words directed the gentleman's attention to the fact of our presence.

"Hello,"he exclaimed in very gruff tones, "who's this?"There was a brief pause, as Jud glanced appealingly at his mother, in the hope that she would answer the inquiry;

she was busy at the stove, however, and did not notice her son's endeavor to gain her attention.

"Billy,"he at length replied.

Our heart sank as we saw this did not sufficiently enlighten Jud's father.

"Billy who?"he demanded, still more gruffly.

"Billy Willis, what goes to school with me,"answered Jud.

"Oh,"growled his sire; "you couldn't come home from school, I s'pose, could you, without bringing some boy with you?

How am I to know what you're doing at school, or who you're associating with "Oh, come, come,"interrupted his wife, "for heaven's sake eat your dinner and let the boys eat theirs; do let's have a little peace once in a while."The head of the house seemed disposed to dispute his wife's authority tobreak in on his discourse thus abruptly, and grumbled something continuously in an undertone, until the cabbage and potatoes were placed immediately before him, when he transferred his attention to those vegetables.

We had not yet dared to lift our eyes from the tablecloth, and were sitting quite homesick and wretched, when Jud nudged us to direct our attention to the cabbage and potatoes, which his mother was just passing him.

Helping himself generously, he handed the plate to us over the water pitcher, and we had just taken it in our hand at that elevated station, when we were startled by seeing Mr.

Lovekin's head drop upon his chest, and hearing the words of grace fall suddenly from his lips;

his action in commencing had been so sudden that we were unable to do anything but to hold the cabbage and potatoes aloft in silence, until such time as he had finished;

and as the plate was a very large sized one, and amply loaded besides, we sincerely trusted that

Mr. Lovekin was one of the short praying kind.

It turned out to be as we had hoped.

Like many others, our friend's father regulated his prayer according to the quality of his fare; and as the latter chanced to be uncommonly good to-day, he showed his appreciation of the blessing by hastening to get at it, rather than by using the time in returning thanks for it;

so he steered straight for the amen in his gruffest tones, intensified into a growl, to produce an effect of solemnity, and looked up from his devotions just in time to see the cabbage and potatoes come down with rather a loud crash, and Jud and ourself exchange a faint giggle at the situation in which we had been placed.

"Juddediah,"said Mr. Lovekin, in his awfulest tones, "if I ever catch you laughing again when I'm returning thanks, I'll thrash you within an inch of your life.

Now mind that.

And as for your friend,"with a terrific emphasis upon the word, "I want him to understand that I don't care how he has been raised—you are in the habit of hearing a

SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

blessin'at your meals.

Now mind that, young gentleman!"The smile, which had involuntarily played about our lips, froze instantaneously with this speech.

There was a sickly silence for some moments', disturbed only by the noise which the head of the house made in masticating;

at length, weary of the pause, he again turned towards his*unfortunate son:

"Well, sir, and where do you keep yourself lately?"much as if he had just ascertained where every one else passed his time, and the knowledge of his son's whereabouts was now the only thing necessary to complete his happiness.

"At school, pa,"answered Jud.

"I doubt it.

Well, there's no more school to-day, and I want to see those plum trees watered this afternoon.

D'ye understand?

"Oh, pa,"whimpered my friend, "I only watered 'em yesterday, and

I promised Billy I'd go up on the hill this afternoon, can't

I? ""Not much,"responded the irate father, "Billy can do without you one day, I s'pose; my boys stop home once in a while and work.

I tell you what, when I was your age, there wasn't any fooling around for me;

mighty little play my father gave me.

Now, you water this lot to-day, and don't let me come home to-night without finding it done, or you'll know why! "We exchanged a despairing glance with Jud.

Visions of undisturbed segoes, waving in security for this day at least, flitted through our mind; and rendered, if possible, more miserable than before, we had thought nothing else could increase our dejection, when we were crushed altogether by seeing the young lady, whose struggles we had viewed on entering the house, come into the room and take her place at the table.

"Late as usual,"was her father's greeting.

Without replying to this welcome, the young lady proceeded to a contemplation of the cabbage and potatoes, and becoming absorbed therein, the meal seemed in a fair way to go along without further interruption.

Delusive thought!

in an unguarded moment the young lady turned to her mother, and, in a laughing manner, whispered something in her ear.

The mother's response was a laugh, too.

This suspicion of gaiety grating upon the ear of Mr. Lovekin, he demanded,, in irascible tones:

"Now, what's the matter?""Oh, nothing,"replied his wife.

Unwise woman! she did not cease laughing and in my heart of hearts I knew the monster would not be appeased until he had extorted the secret of her mirth.

"Don't tell me,"he exclaimed, pounding the table with his knife handle, "What are you laughing at?""Oh, well then, Mary was just telling me how the boys came in and caught her dressing;

that's all."We felt that this was a decisive moment;

the head of the house dropped his knife and fork, and surveying his wife, with a look of the deepest astonishment^, said:

"That's all, is it?

My heavens! and you can laugh at a thing like that?

You can see a strange boy sneaking around to watch your daughter dress, and actually encourage him by laughing? Things have come to a fine pass! ""Oh, pa,"interposed the young lady,, "the boys weren't watching; they happened to come into the parlor where I.

was trying on my new grenadine, and—

"In the parlor! "ejaculated her wrathful sire; "and that's where you dress, is it?

Then you're as much to blame as any one!

I actually believe you don't care whether you're seen dressing or not.

In the parlor!

A nice place to dress!"The young lady spared him the pains of pursuing the subject, by rising from the table, kicking her chair over backwards, and vanishing with a very red face into another room, the door to which she closed after her with a tremendous bang.

The indignant father looked at his wife as if she were alone responsible for the irreverent exit of her daughter.

"I've a notion,"he said reflectively, "tohave her come back and shut that door decently.

Disrespectful hussy!"He.

SKETCHES FROM LIFE.

might have carried this corrective idea into effect, had not his attention been diverted by the sound of a timid knock on the kitchen door.

"Come in!"he shouted.

The door opened slowly, and disclosed a small, scared looking girl with a teacup in her hand.

"The Perkinses after your flatirons again, I s'pose,"he growled to his wife.

"Please ma'am, ma wants to know if you could lend her a teacupful of sugar till she can send down town?""Have they returned that scuttle of coal they owe us?"demanded Mr. Lovekin of his wife.

"Of course they have,"returned she, as she filled the teacup from the sugar bowl and handed it to the child.

"There, Nanny;

don't spill it;"and the child vanished slowly, with a long, terrified look at the master of the premises.

"It's astonishing!"growled that gentleman, "it's astonishing to what extent my neighbors are getting to depend on me for their sugar, butter, coal, flour, wheelbarrows and everything else they need.

I'd like to see one of them lending me anything."

Wrapped in the contemplation of his wrongs, the master of the house sat for some moments without further comment.

Though our appetite had long since fled, we still preserved a sickly semblance of eating, and now began to trust that the end of the meal would be reached in safety;

but our unfortunate friend was yet destined to receive the final straw to the load under which he was fast sinking.

Among his other failings, Jud numbered an excessive weakness for butter;

it so chanced that this was also his father's vulnerable point; and it was to this fatal similarity of tastes that the catastrophe of the meal may be ascribed.

Jud had taken the butter dish into his hand, and was transferring a generous slice to his own plate, while his father was impatiently scanning the table in quest of the very object which- his son held;

the irascible parent was just on the point of turning to his wife with a request that she would leave things on the table until the meal was through, when his eye caught the whereabouts of the butter, a goodly portion of it just in the act of sliding on to his son's plate; he paused for a moment in extreme bitterness of spirit, and then suddenly taking the dish into his hands, he turned the remaining lump of butter into the plate of our friend, remarking ironically as he did so, "There, my son, I hope you're satisfied."This was too much; with a tremendous boo-hoo, Jud arose from the table and, oblivious for the time of the sacred claims of friendship, hurriedly left the room; his mother, with a look on her face, such as we hope never again to behold, followed her son; and we were left alone with the master of the house

We have never been able to recall distinctly the occurrences immediately succeeding this moment;

a vague idea fills our mind that it was followed by a temporary suspension of the faculties, inasmuch as all consciousness of ourself, of Mr.

Lovekin, of the meal and all our surroundings were instantaneously absorbed and swallowed up by a scene from the Octoroon, which came swooping into full possession of our brain:

there sat the familiar figures of Mr. McCloskey and the Indian, as they appear in the well known jungle scene; only the canebrakes were replaced here by dinner dishes and utensils of cookery;

Mr.

McCloskey was sliding slowly backward from a table, at the other side of which sat the Indian, fumbling a magnified caseknife with a deadly glare; Mr. McCloskey's hand gropes under his chair in search of his hat, with his eyes always fixed on those of the Indian opposite him, only leaving them occasionally to measure the distance to the kitchen door;

he rises slowly from his chair, with that mesmeric glare still following his motions, and puts his hands out mechanically for the wall behind him; with this guide he feels his way slowly towards the door, and with a soul full of suppressed horror, as he realizes that his nearing the entrance is the cue for the Indian's leap and great ripping act, he puts his hand upon the knob; the baneful glare still follows him, but Wahnotee is motionless as

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

McCloskey pulls the door open and glides t into the free air; and with a long pent up yell of relief,as he finds that this turns out to be another version of the old play, where the Indian does not form a grand tableau by standing on Jacob's chest, he dashes through the yard, jumps the picket fence, and after hesitating a moment on the wisdom of shying a cobble at the upper window of the Indian's dwelling and discarding the notion, retreats helter skelter to the security of domestic fastnesses, where no fears of his sanguinary foe assail his breast.

Jud did not appear at school next day, and we learned soon afterwards that he had been withdrawn altogether, on account of the bad associations he was learning to form there.

There remains to this day a matter of some forty marbles, a rabbit, the bass cow bell, and Mr.

Beadle's "Scar-face, the Chief,"unsettled between us; but we cheerfully forgave him the debt long ago, in the thankfulness of our heart at having escaped in safety from that memorable meal at his family board.

Gax.

Prepare yourselves for the world as the athletes used to do for their exercises;

oil your mind and your manners to give them the necessary suppleness and flexibility;

strength alone will not do.

Chesterfield.

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

A brief consideration of the doings of a few of the Anti-Christs, who at different eras of the Nephite national life, afflicted that people with their unwholesome presence, and misguided them with their pernicious doctrines, may not be without value at the present time, particularly as there is so great a resemblence between many of their methods and those of modern uninspired religious teachers, in their common efforts to overthrow the principles of eternal truth.

This similarity of method implies two things; one, that the Nephites were a people subject to be led very considerably by the same influences and ideas as are modern sectarians, and the other, that the devices of

Appolyon, in his warfare against the Kingdom of God, have borne an evident and strongly marked likeness in all generations.

True, the leading idea of the majority of his emissaries amongst the ancient inhabitants of this continent, that it was a folly and a sin to look for the coming of a Messiah in the flesh, who should redeem his people, is no longer possible, as the advent of Christ, is an historic verity that cannot, in this day, be gainsaid.

But in the place, we find to-day, in the midst of Babylon, widespread ideas which answer the same purpose, for though mankind cannot deny the actual mortal life of Jesus of Nazareth, and in many instances award to him a nominal recognition as the only begotten Son of God, yet these, by their vain philosophy, rob him of all that is divine.

This much accomplished, Satan is as satisfied as though they utterly denied his existence in the flesh, and ignored his death on Calvary.

But when we have passed by this prominent and most important feature, we find amongst the ancient Nephite apostates nearly all the leading and most popular vagaries that have dismembered the so called Christian church during the last two or three centuries.

At one time we are confronted with dogmas, akin to the freegrace theories of the Methodists, then election and predestination loom up in a form that would affright the strictest Calvinist; another age gives birth to a bastard Universalism, with a "go-as-you please"—that is, through the flesh to the devil—train of articles of belief, or rather unbelief, which permitted every man to do that which was right in his own eyes.

Again, there were those who discredited the resurrection, and others who denied the efficacy of the atonement.

The belief of those last named, led to their

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

baptizing little infants, from the same false reasoning as do the ministers of the manmade systems of our day.

Nor were these all;

the readers of the Book of Mormon will find many other striking similarities, both in thought and action, between the apostates of this age and those of two thousand years ago.

To better understand the workings of these Anti-Christs, we must take a moment's glance at the religious condition of the Nephite people.

We understand them to have been a branch of the house of Israel, well acquainted with the teachings of the ancient Hebrew prophets, whose writings they possessed and valued, who also were blessed with the presence and guidance of living servants of the Almighty Jehovah.

Like the rest of their race they observed with strictness the law of Moses, and in order to meet the obligations of this code, one of their first labors in whatever land they occupied, was to build a temple for worship and sacrifice.

To this law of types and shadows was superadded a clear understanding of the Gospel of the Son of •God.

His coming was unequivocally proclaimed, and the believers were baptized and organized into churches in his name;

in all respects, as appears from the record, they enjoyed the same blessings as we do, the difference being that it required greater faith and confidence in them to accept of these things, before the advent of the beloved Son, than it does in us who live after his coming.

SHEREM.

We judge it to have been in the second generation that the first Nephite AntiChrist appeared.

His name was Sherem.

Lehi was dead, Nephi was dead, and Jacob, born in the wilderness, was an old man.

The Nephites were then few in numbers; they had fled far from the spot wh'ere they first landed on Americans shores, to avoid the animosities of the Lamanites.

To their new home they gave the name of the Land of Nephi, and it was there and under these circumstances that dissent first raised its unhallowed head, and that the denial of the saving powers of the Redeemer were €rst mooted, Sherem openly and unblushingly taught that there would be no

Christ and that there was no necessity for an atonement.

He was a type of many who came after, and a well fitted tool for his evil work.

Bland in manners, fluent of speech, much given to flattery, and withall, well versed in the learning of the Nephites, he, by his sophistries, led many astray.

His success fired his zeal and filled him with overweening confidence in his own powers.

He actually sought to convert to his views, Jacob, the prophet and presiding priest of the church, a man rich in wisdom, filled with the powers of heaven, and the recipient of many divine revelations, one indeed, who had seen angels and heard the voice of the Lord from time to time.

In the interview that occurred between these two widely differing men, Sherem charged that Jacob had converted the law of Moses, which was the right way, into the worship of a being, whom he said should come many hundred years hence, adding, "Now behold, I Sherem, declare unto you, that this is blasphemy;

for no man knoweth of these things; for he cannot tell of things to come.,'

Thus he denied prophecy, and styled good, evil, and exalted error in the place of truth.

Jacob, being filled with the Spirit of God, confounded his arguments, brought forward the testimony of the Scriptures, and proved that the very law of Moses on which he lay so great a stress, was from beginning to end but the type and foreshadowing of the more perfect law of the Christ who should come.

Beaten in his arguments, Sherem fell back upon that almost universal refuge of the false teacher.

He defiantly called for a sign. A sign was given him.-

The power of God came upon him and he fell stricken to the ground.

For many days he was nourished, but ineffectually; he himself perceived that death was approaching, and with this perception gathered in his soul all the fears and horrors of an apostates doom.

But before his death he gathered the people to him and confessed his iniquity.

He denied the things he had taught, he "confessed the Christ and the power of the Holy Ghost, and the ministering of

AMBITION.

angels."He avowed that he had been deceived by the power of the devil, and bitterly bewailed his condition, as the fear that he had committed the unpardonable sin, in denying the Savior, weighed his soul down to hell.

Having made these small amends for his past iniquities, he could say no more, and gave up the ghost.

When the people who had gathered to hear his words, witnessed the terrors of his death, they were softened in their hearts, and the power of God came down upon them and they fell to the earth.

The corrupt weeds he had sown in their hearts had withered, the truth had been vindicated, the cause of the Savior extolled, and peace and the love of God was restored again among the people.

Thus was this apostasy eradicated, and God glorified; the Nephites of that generation from that time searching the Scriptures and cleaving unto the truth.

R.

No man is rich whose expenditures exceed his means; and no one is poor whose incomings exceed his outgoings.

AMBITION.

How may ambition be defined?

What is it?

From whence does it come and whither does it lead?

To happiness, to honor, or to the shrine of the fickle goddess, Fame?

The answer is difficult, for the subject assumes no tangible form.

In no two instances are its characteristics the same.

Though generally accepted as a desire for honor or preferment, so varied are its forms that any definition must in some instances fail of accuracy.

It is the anticipation of unseen rewards.

The unholy desire to snatch from heaven the glorious flowers of its power, and wreathe a garland to decorate our undeserving brows, and share with that high authority the adoration of lowlier men.

Yet, like all other qualities, ambition has its place.

It cannot be ruthlessly condemned, for it has much power.

Exterior powers cannot crush it, for it is without form, and so escapes detection.

Controlled by the higher faculties of the mind, ambition leads to happiness, honor, glory.

Perverted by debasing influences, its path is to misery, dishonor, disgrace.

How potent has been its power in all times.

Consult history where we may, the influence of ambition, in framing the destinies of men, is constantly seen.

From the first murderer, who longed for greater favors from his parents'hands, to the philosophers of our day, who teach goodness to all mankind, ambition plays an important part.

"Why grudge an hour, a month, a year,

To plant my ladder and to gain the round

That leads my footsteps to the heaven of fame,

Where waits the wreath my sleepless midnights won?

Not the stained laurel such as heroes wear,

That withers when some stronger conqueror's heel Treads down their shriveling trophies in the dust;

But the fair garland whose undying green, Nor time can change, nor wrath of gods nor men To trace the benefits of honest, and the evils of perverted ambition, would be to follow the history of the world.

To rise above his fellow man, and at least in fancy to mingle with the gods, has ever been the desire of activcminds. Whether for purposes right or wrong, ambition stimulates them almost equally.

The philanthropist and patriot—overcoming the selfishness of nature—think only to advance the interests of man's nobler self; and thereby prepare him for that millennium of bliss, whose port, guided by the beacon fire of honor, he enters after the turbulent voyage of life is ended.

All honor let us pay to such ambition!

For its fruits are uncorrupted by decay and produce perfect seed, wherein lies the embryo of future good deeds.

Such a feeling it was that prompted Christ to sacrifice His life on the cross; Leonidas to die for his country's good;

Cincinnatus and Washington to lay aside their

AMBITION.

chosen pursuits and assume the helm of state.

A more selfish desire made the oratory of Demosthenes and Cicero possible;

made Erskine, at twenty-three, leave his wife and children to enter Cambridge; made the younger Pitt, at the immature age of twenty-three years, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and less than two years after,Premier of England and placed Daniel Webster near the apex of the human cone, that great men constitute.

The selfish ambition—which should not be encouraged—brings forth far different fruits.

Individual interests then take precedence of all others and become the ruling powers.

This it was that enabled Alexander to be the conqueror of the world; gave Rome the greatest empire on earth;

rendered the Saracen conquests possible, and made Napoleon the terror of Europe.

The motive of all these careers may be illustrated by the speech of Parrhasius:

*''Pity'thee!

So I do!

I pity the dumb victim at the altar

But does the robed priest for his pity falter?

I'd rack thee, though I knew A thousand lives were perishing in thine

What were ten thousand to a fame like mine?"Old customs were changed for those that generally were no better; the advancement of knowledge was checked;

and thus, through many changes and adversities, the world became no better.

Youth seems to be the period when ambition has most complete sway.

The youthful mind is essentially progressive, and readily grasps anything apt to facilitate its advance.

These two conditions account for the earnestness and continued efforts of so many young persons, who sacrifice present pleasures for the benefits their laudable efforts are sure to bring.

Burning the midnight oil should not be encouraged;

but how many instances history furnishes of ambitious persons, working during the day for sustenance, devoting their only leisure night—to the improvement of their minds, and at last reaching positions of eminence.

The thirst for knowledge, or to add something to present truths in any department, has been the great secret of the advancement of intellect and civilization in all ages.

Ambition gave the cue and motive power, and thus to her we are much indebted.

Governed by high intellectual qualities and honor, ambition may be a benefactor.

In such conditions let us give it all needful encouragement, hoping to create those feelings which will benefit mankind.

"The fiery soul abhorred in Cataline,

In Decius charms, in Curtius is divine;

The same ambition can destroy or save,

And make a patriot as it makes a knave."T.

Habit.—It has been truly said that even happiness itself may become habitual.

One may acquire the habit of looking upon the sunny side of things, and he may also acquire the habit of looking upon the gloomy side.

Hume, the historian, remarked that the habit of looking at the bright side of things was better than a thousand a year.

Habit being so easily formed, and when once formed so powerful in its hold, how important it becomes that correct habits should be adopted early in life!

"Beginning with single acts, habit is formed slowly at first, and it is not until its spider threads are woven into a thick cable, that its existence is suspected."

Habit at first is but a silken thread,

Fine as the light-winged gossamers that sway

In the warm sunbeams of a summer's day,

A shallow streamlet rippling o'er its bed;

A tiny sapling 'ere its roots are spread

A yet unhardened thorn upon the spray;

A lion's whelp that hath not scented prey

A little smiling child, obedient led.

Beware that thread may bind thee as a chain

That streamlet gather to a fatal sea

That sapling spread into a gnarled tree

That thorn, grown hard, may wound and give thee pain That playful whelp his murderous fangs reveal

That child, a giant, crush thee 'neath his heel.

Think naught a trifle, though it small appear, Small sands the mountain, moments make the year, And trifles, life.—Young:

GEOFFREY CHAUCER.

GEOFFREY Geoffrey Chaucer has been styled the "father of English poetry."

This is a just appellation, for at the head of England's long list of poets his name is written.

A few writers of considerable note had preceded him; Alfred the Great, the venerable Bede, Sir John Mandeville, but none can lay claim to so proud a title as Chaucer.

The date of this poet's birth has not been determined, some authors stating it to be in i828 others in 1840; most likely the former date is the correct one.

He describes himself as being a Londoner, and from his having written his Court of Love under the title of Philogenet of Cambridge, many have supposed that he was educated at that place.

His connections were all of the highest class, his family being of the aristocracy of the continent, and himself marrying one of the maidsof-honor to the queen.

« The Court of Love and Troilus and Creseide were written while he was still a young man at college.

Under the patronage of John of Gaunt, the young poet was introduced at court, where he was favorably welcomed, as well for his pleasing manners and appearance, as for his ingenious writings.

He did not remain long at court, for when, by King Edward's order, the army embarked for France, Chaucer was among the number who crossed the channel;

and in the seige of Ritters he was taken prisoner.

In 1840 he was ransomed and returned to England.

For some years he enjoyed high positions of confidence, and emolument, and during the first years of the reign of Richard II, his life grew constantly brighter.

But troubles soon clouded his prospects.

Having sided with Lancaster, in the difficulties between him and the king, the poet was compelled to take refuge on the continent, where he remained for sometime, suffering all the miseries of poverty.

Venturing to return to his native land, he was immediately seized and thrown into the Tower of London, where he was confined until he made a full confession of his guilt.

DuCHAUCER.

ring his imprisonment in the Tower he wrote one of his famous poems, The Testament of Love.

Upon his release, having spent many years in public life, he retired to the calm quietude of his home at Woodstock, where he lived to see the son of his former friend and patron ascend the throne with the title of Henry IV.

Surrounded by the beauties and the happiness of this country seat, Chaucer wrote his finest poem, The Canterbury Tales.

It is probable that the plan of the work was conceived from the Decameron of Boccaccio.

In Chaucer's work a number of pilgrims, thirty-six in all, on their way to the tomb of Thomas a Becket at Canterbury, meet at the Tabard inn, Southwark, where they all agree, each to tell two stories, or tales, on their way to Canterbury, and two on their way back.

The work was but partially completed, twenty-four stories only being given; but these twenty-four attest the versatility of his genius, the perfect command he possessed of the English language, and his keen observance of human nature.

Although The Flower and the Leaf is one of the most beautiful allegorical poems in the language, it ranks far below the Canterbury Tales.

Some of his minor poems are, The

Romaunt of the Rose, The Cuckoo and the

Nightingale, Legend of Good Women,

House of Fame, and Assembly of the Fowls.

The great poet died October 24, 1400, and was buried in Westminster Abbey, where repose the noblest of England's dead.

Chaucer's character was in every way exemplary.

Though religiously inclined, he still possessed a ripple of quiet humor, a fine appreciation of all that was beautiful and good, and, above all, the power of exquisitely communicating his thoughts to others, so that by his readers he is considered one of the most enjoyable poets among the many that England has produced.

Viva.

The greatest truths are the simplest, so are the greatest men.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, Ln Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, October, 1880.

VOLUME TWO.

With the present number the Contributor enters upon its second year. The favor with which it has been received during the past, has been most gratifying to the publisher.

It has shown that such a publication was needed and that it has a large field in which to circulate and do good.

The response of the young ladies and gentlemen to the invitation and opportunity extended them to write for publication, has been such, as at all times to supply the editor with suitable copy, and at the same time to manifest their appreciation of such advantages and their ability to make good use of them.

The voluntary assistance of the officers of ftie Associations, in canvassing for and collecting subscriptions, evinces the interest they take in the publication; the appreciative manner in which they have received it demonstrates that it is of use to them, in the work of mutual improvement.

It is indeed to be observed that where Associations take and read the Contributor, their progress is more marked in many particulars than in other places.

Some of the Stake Superintendents have stated that from such Associations, they receive better and more satisfactory reports than from any others.

Mingled with the almost universal approbation of our first volume, wherever it has circulated, we have occasionally heard the murmur of a complaint.

It has not been in the form of objection to the contents, nor the style of the magazine, but to the size.

Some have thought that it was rather small for the Organizations it represents and for the price of subscription charged.

To an extent we have also entertained this opinion, knowing that its columns did not afford room for the publication of many deserving articles handed in, and that it was not equal in extent to others of our home papers, issued at the same price.

Our excuse has been that the magazine was in its infancy;

only just commencing its life, and that we wished to lay a sure foundation upon which to build, that it might become all that could be desired.

Not, however, by trying the first year to do too much, and so exhaust ourselves that it would be impossible the second year to do more.

This policy, we are pleased to state, has enabled us to present the first number of volume two in a much improved form.

The addition of about ten pages of reading matter, entirely removes the objection of its diminutiveness.

Its contents are»now as extensive as those of any similar magazine published in the West, while the paper, type, and general appearence of the publication is not surpassed by any.

The contents, so far as may be foretold, of this volume, will be of the same interesting, solid, readable quality that has made the first volume a success.

Elder Moses Thatcher commences a historical and descriptive series on Mexico and the Mexicans, which his mission to that country and people, enables him to present in a manner most instructive and entertaining, while the prospective missionary relations of our people with the Mexicans, descendants of ancient Israel, will enhance the interest and profit with which such a series will be read.

A number of articles upon the first principles of the Gospel will be presented under the heading, Leaves from the Tree of Life, treating an old subject in a new manner, that will perhaps make plain to many, important truths that all should understand.

That this series is from the talented pen of Elder C. W.

Penrose, is sufficient indication that it will be, not only orthodox and instructive, but interesting as well.

The contribu-

EDITORIAL.

tions of Quebec on popular scientific subjects, with common illustrations, will be a feature of the magazine as heretofore.

Travels in Italy from De Vallibus will be a continuation of that young author's tour of the continent of Europe.

Book of Mormon characters and incidents will form the subject of several contributions from our esteemed and worthy friend, Elder George Reynolds, whose thorough researches in that sacred record, qualify him to cull from its pages appropriate and entertaining matter, that is calculated to arouse the interest of the young and to encourage them in their studies of holy writ.

In addition to Prof. Riggs'educational treatise, within the pages of this volume, we shall endeavor to present an epitomized statement of the educational status of our Territory;

beginning with the University of Deseret, followed by the Brigham Young Academy of Provo, and the Logan College, the history and character of those institutions will be given by students of the respective schools;

and will be succeeded by a sketch of our district school system and workings, so far as developed at the present time.

There will be the usual variety of matter upon Literature, Art, Music and Biography, with Character Sketches, Correspondence, and original and selected poetry.

In addition to the above, a new departure will be observed, in the introduction to our pages of a lighter kind of reading matter, the first article appearing in the present number, under the title, Sketches from Life.

Our object in doing this, is to add variety to the contents of the magazine, without descending to trash, and to amuse our readers as well as instruct them;

besides encouraging those having the ability to take up the common occurrences of every day life, and to direct attention to the various phases of humanity which we daily meet.

This remarkable faculty, carefully cultivated, made

Charles Dickens famous, and his works sought after by the masses, among whom they have done a world of good, in praising virtue and ridiculing vice.

We may have among us just as good ground-work for a life charicaturist as the poor London reporter.

Editorials upon subjects relating to the work of mutual improvement, and interesting Association

Intelligence, will constitute a feature of each number.

Besides these, the budget of matter from all parts of the

Territory, will afford a great variety that will help to make the Contributor the genuine, sterling, representative publication that it is our desire and intention to make it, with the assistance and encouragement of the young, which we are sanguine will greet all our endeavors.

MEMBERSHIP AND SYSTEM.

The season for resuming the winter meetings of the Associations is approaching;

during the present month most of them will have commenced active work.

Now is the time for the officers to carefully consider the instructions that have been given, and to prepare their winter's programme in accordance with them, and the true spirit of mutual improvement.

In some places we are informed a departure has been taken from the original design and object of our Organization, and innovations permitted upon the plan given by President Young, and since approved by the Apostles.

We shall notice some of these and give our reasons for objecting to any material variance,from the pointed and comprehensive instructions that have been given from the beginning.

First of all, in relation to the membership of the Young Men's Associations.

In a few wards in the Territory, Literary

Societies had been organized prior to the general organization of the young men in 1875.

These had usually a mixed membership, consisting of ladies and gentlemen, young and old;

and when the instructions were given to organize young men's associations in each ward, some of the members of these older societies objected to any change in their membership, or particular alteration in their methods of conducting meetings and carrying on their exercises.

There being but one plan suggested by the

EDITORIAL.

authorities, this matter of mixed membership was brought before them, with the arguments of those who favored it, such as increased attendance, more entertaining meetings, etc.

And in reply, President Young said, so far as those societies that had already been organized were concerned, it would be better not to make any radical changes in them, but give them time and they would change themselves.

In relation to those we were called upon to organize in the future, however, he was most emphatic in regard to the membership. He wished to see an organization of the young men of Israel, in which they would be brought together to cultivate themselves in the principles of the Gospel, and to obtain and bear testimony of the truth.

He plainly indicated that the matter of an evening's entertainment was very far indeed from the chief object of the organization, and seemed to associate the latter idea with mixed societies, to which he was strongly opposed, saying, "If you run into a mixed membership I will have nothing whatever to do with you."

In accordance with these instructions, the brethren who were instrumental in organizing the majority of the Associations in the Territory, never thought of admitting any but male members, except in a very few instances, where the population seemed so small that two associations could not be officered only at the expense of the membership.

Wherever mixed membership prevails, systematic exercises are almost impossible;

at least they are seldom found together.

The young ladies in their own Associations take up subjects, and continue their studies upon them with a degree of regularity and method, but as members of the Young Men's Associations, which is rather paradoxical, they require entertainment and amusement, and too frequently the exercises in such

Associations will be found to pander to this disposition rather than to be of a systematic, progressive character, that involves study by the members and regularity in the manner of presentation.

Further, the very evil that the President said would ensue, from admitting the young ladies as members, is to be observed in many places.—The boys go to meeting to take the girls home, and the girls go to be taken.

That we should have amusement and that our meetings should be entertaining we perfectly realize, but this can be provided for without subverting the more important interests of our Organization in our efforts to supply it, and without destroying its character or making a laughing stock of its name.

It can be done by universally adopting the system that has been very generally presented to the Associations throughout the country, but which has not been thoroughly reduced to practice in but a few places.

The successful operation of this system pre-supposes the Organizations to be established upon the original plan of distinct and separate membership;

that the two Associations—Young Men's and Young Ladies'—are holding regular weekly meetings, and that once a month a conjoint session is held by them, for the purposes of recreation, entertainment and the delivery of competitive exercises, showing the progress of each.

Thus organized, the systematic exercises proposed are easily adopted and are found to give great satisfaction wherever carefully conducted.

The leading features of this programme consist of Bible,

Book of Mormon and Church History subjects, so arranged that they can be taken up chronologically, and carried through in about two seasons, leaving each attentive member at the end of that time, with a knowledge of the leading events, recorded in their order, within the pages of those sacred records; besides being familiar with many passages, and not at a loss to find any.

This, as the basis of our programme, maintains the character of the Associations, and does more than anything else to qualify the members for missions, or any other position they may be called upon to occupy in the Kingdom.

In addition to these chief features, the exercises may be diversified to any extent; admitting the reading of select pieces, essays, declamations, addresses, answering questions, testimonies, songs, etc., so far as

THE PRODIGALS PRAYER.

the time will admit.

This is for regular weekly meetings.

At the monthly conjoint sessions, a programme of greater variety, and of an entertaining and amusing character should be given.

The reading of manuscript papers, dialogues, scenes from good plays, songs, choruses and lectures upon given subjects, might be introduced, according to the taste of the programme committees.

In addition to these meetings, public lectures should be arranged for, under the auspices of the

Associations, upon such subjects as the committees may consider desirable;

the best talent to be procured should be sought for on these occasions.

With this arrangement, in connection with onr intermissionary visiting, the general tone and character of the Organizations can be greatly improved, and glorious results will ensue.

We trust the Stake officers of the Associations everywhere will, at the beginning of this season, begin to trim up their membership, revise the old rolls so as to have them represent the genuine attendants, and not a long list of names that are never responded to; and that they will at once communicate with the general officers, through the Territorial Secretary, upon the systematic order of exercises to be adopted, where they have not already received instructions, and are practically carrying them out.

Plans for missionary labor should be perfected, and the regular routine of visiting commenced.

This will have the effect of bringing the Associations together in closer and more familiar relationship, and will create a mutuality of purpose and plan that cannot fail to produce the most gratifying results.

A great deal depends upon how we commence our winter's work;

if it is started systematically, upon a correct basis, it will be found easy to carry it on and retain the interest of the members until the close of the season.

If left alone and no system is adopted, we are almost sure to witness the waning of interest, if not the collapse of our Associations.

Hence we strongly urge the officers to give their attention to the renewal of their meetings, the perfection of their rolls, the introduction of systematic exercises, the carrying on of missionary visiting, providing good lectures and conjoint entertainments on the best plans, and are sanguine if they do so, they will have joy in their labors, and will after many days, see the fruits thereof, in multiplied intelligence among the people, who shall know the truth and be able to give a reason for their faith, through having learned correct doctrine and true principles in the Mutual Improvement Associations of the young.

THE PRODIGAL'S PRAYER.

Husks, only husks! Oh, for life-giving bread;

Can souls be sufficed if with husks they are fed?

Than the brute, less support, may humanity need But the quality, surely, should differ indeed.

Must I fare as the swine, or from hunger expire?

Alas 'tis a choice of extremity dire.

For the halls of my father I languish and pine,

The lot of his servants is better than mine;

They have plenty to eat, yea enough and to spare;

While I perish of hunger, of toil and of care.

But I will arise, to my father

I'll go;

I will fall at his feet, I will tell him my woe;

I will say I'm not worthy so noble a sire,

Make me one of thy servants, who labor for hire.

Ah! woe, to the son, should the father not care—

If in anger he turns, from the prodigal's prayer.

But his father beholds him, towards him has flown His arms for protection around him has thrown;

"My father, no more am I worthy to be Thy son, as a servant I'll labor for thee."But the father has turned to his servants and said "In the very best robes, let my son be arrayed

Put a ring on his hand, and put shoes on his feet;

The fatted calf kill, that my loved one may eat,

And let us be merry, for this, my lost son,

Is restored to my arms, yea, from death, he is won;

3° VALUE OF MOMENTS.

'Tis meet that our welcome, and joy, be profound

When the dead is restored and the lost one is found.

How many are lost in the darkness of night

Because there are none, who will read them aright.

Grief, from Indifference, hideth her need

Hearts torn with anguish, in silence oft bleed.

Too careless, the stranger, to fathom their woe;

And those who should help them, but strike them a blow.

The virtuous, even, are slow to discern

That well timed compassion, and counsel, may turn, "To righteousness many,"that pity divine,

Will e'en make the giver in glory to shine.

By Propriety's mill stones, the erring are crushed;

Too often by many who claim to be just;

Who care not the penitent's sorrow to see;

Who heed not the publican's pitiful plea.

To the orthodox only, the bigot, unbends;

Distinction must favor the haughty one's friends;

The hypocrite's policy, keeps him afar

From sinners confessed, lest his name he should mar;

And only the Lord hears the cry of despair;

Only the Lord, heeds the prodigal's prayer.

So the prodigal's brother, in anger drew near,

And questioned the servants, almost with a sneer;

"Wherefore this feasting, this music and mirth;

Measured with mine, is this renegade's worth?""Son!

said the father, why should'st thou repine?

My substance, my all, is assuredly thine.

With me thou art ever, and what would'st thou more?

But my lost and my dead, has returned to my door;

Tis meet that the halls of his father resound

With feasting and mirth, when the lost one is found.

Which of us ne'er has gone out of the way;

Which of us ne'er had occasion to say "My father, I've sinned, I am worthy no more, Thy child to be called, turn me not from thy door?

As a servant, I fain would my faithfulness prove,

Wilt thou only vouchsafe me this proof of thy love?

That yet I may labor, that yet I may be Somewhere, or something, belonging to thee?"

Love's intuition doth make us to feel,

That love is convincing, and potent to heal.

Where'er love ahoundeth, the will it is given To excuse and forgive, "even seventy times seven."Hear how Jehovah doth sinn:rs invite "Though as scarlet your sins, they as wool shall be white;

Come, saith the Lord, let us reason together,

And I will forget your transgressions forever."

Let us meet the repentant with welcome and cheer To encouarge their hopes and to banish their fear;

If we make not a feast let us give them a crust;

Nor drive them again unto hunger and husks.

Though justice is stern, yet our mercy 'twill wait;

If the famished and starving are close at our gate.

When the soul like the body is hungered and cold, Shall we stop to reprove, and due comfort withhold?

Lest we kill such with coldness, oh let us beware, There are many who echo the prodigal's prayer.

Emily Hill Woodmansee* VALUE OF MOMENTS.

Many a youth flings away the finest opportunities of life, by not realizing the value of moments.

If a piece of work is assigned one of this class, he thinks it too great to be done at once, and excuses his delay by saying, "I haven't time."When, if he would seize the minutes in other words, if he would "make time,"there is no computing the amount of work he might accomplish.

The following extract from Dr. Matthews'"Getting on the World,"affords illustrations of the value of moments that ought to impress every one.

"It has been truly said that the great moral victories and defeats of the world turn on minutes.

Fortune is proverbially a fickle jade, and there is nothing like promptness of action,—the timing of things at the lucky moment,—to force her to surrender her favors.

Crises come, the seizing of which is triumph,.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

3i the neglect of which is ruin.

This is particularly true on the field of battle.

Nearly every battle turns on one or two rapid movements, executed amid the whirl of smoke and thunder of guns that jar the solid globe.

It was at such moments that the genius of Napoleon shone forth with the highest lustre.

His mind acted like the lightning, and never with more promptness and precision than in moments of the greatest confusion and danger. What confounded others only stimulated him.

He used to say that one of the principal requisites of a general is an accurate calculation of time;

for, if your adversary can bring a powerful force to attack a certain post ten minutes sooner than you can bring up a sufficient supporting force, you are beaten, even though all the rest of your plans be the most perfect that can be devised.

At Areola he saw that the battle was going against him, and at once called up twenty-five horsemen?

gave them each a trumpet, and made a dashing charge that won the victory. So at Montebello, he computed the distance of the Austrian cavalry, saw that it would require a quarter of an hour for them to come up, and in those fifteen minutes executed a manoeuvre that saved the day.

The reason, he said, why he beat the Austrians, was that they did not know the value of five minutes.

At the celebrated battle of Rivoli the day seemed on the point of being decided against him.

He saw the critical state of affairs and instantly formed his resolution.

He despatched a flag to the Austrian headquarters, with proposals for an armistice.

Napoleon seized the precious moments, and, while amusing the enemy with mock negotiations, re-arranged his line of battle, changed his front, and in a few moments was ready to renounce the farce of discussion for the stern arbitrament of arms.

The splendid victory of Rivoli was the result.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

It is our intention from time to time, to publish in this department of the Contributor, suggestive orders of exercises for the weekly and conjoint meetings of the Associations.

We will be pleased if the officers of Associations will send us model programmes, such as they have found to be interesting and profitable in their experience, and that they can recommend other Associations to adopt.

Something like the following programme has been found in many places to give great satisfaction, affording variety, while pursuing a systematic progressive course in the main features, viz.

The Subjective Scriptural and Historical exercises:

WEEKLY PROGRAMME Singing, Prayer.

Roll.

Minutes.

Bible exercise.—The Creation.

Church History.—Nativity of Joseph.

Essay.—Descriptive.

Address.—Biographical.

Answering written questions.

Select Reading.—Poetry.

Declamation.

Select Reading.—Prose.

Testimonies.

Programme for next meeting.

Closing exercises.

Time occupied in rendering the above one hour and a half.

We shall, in our next, refer to the Scriptural exercises and show how they can be conducted to be very entertaining as well as profitable.

Minutes of the Twelfth Quarterly Conference of the Y. M. and Y.

L. M.

I.

Associations of Utah Stake, held in the B. Y. Academy, August 28, 1880.

Superintendent M. H. Hardy presiding.

Minutes of previous Conference read and approved.

Miss Teenie Smoot then read a tabulated report of the Y. L. M. I.

A. for the quarter ending August 28, 1880.

Superintendent Hardy then spoke at some length upon the advisibility of continuing subjective exercises, for weekly

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

class work.

Our exercises on these regular occasions should be instructive, and the instruction progressive in its character.

Subjective work only can produce this.

The reports which have been received show that a great amount of good has been done, and progress made by adhering strictly to subjective exercises.

He recommended the young men to follow their regular work, and the young ladies theirs, and to hold monthly joint sessions—combining the talent of the two Associations for a musical, literary, historical, scientific or miscellaneous feast, as the case maybe not omitting lectures by competent persons, previously waited upon for that purpose.

During the Conference, A. O. Smoot,

Jr., and George M.

Brown were sustained as Superintendent Hardy's assistants, and Zina Y. Williams and Emily Cluff were appointed nnd sustained as assistants to Miss Helen Alexander, the

Stake Superintendent, Y. L. M.

I. A.

Conferences will hereafter be held in the several districts, for the purpose of becoming more thoroughly acquainted with each other, and discussing points connected with the welfare and general good of the Associations.

At the SemiAnnual Conferences at Provo, statistical reports will be received, showing the actual working during each six months, a copy of which will then be forwarded to Salt Lake, to appear at the General Conference of the Organization.

Elder J. B. Milner delivered a most interesting lecture on citizenship, under the government of the United States and the kingdom of God.

Being a subject of importance, it was listened to with marked attention.

Conference adjourned for three months.

Benediction by Prof. K. G. Maeser.

A Circuit Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I. A.

of North Ogden, Plain City, Harrisville and Hot Springs was held in

North Ogden, Sunday, Sept.

19, 1880.

The Superintendency of the County and

Elder M. F. Cowley, of Salt Lake, the Presidency of the Associations, the Bishop of North Ogden, and others were present on the stand.

The forenoon was occupied by the members; who presented an interesting programme, consisting of a

Bible exercise, an essay, a recitation, a song, the reading of the "Review,"a manuscript paper, and an historical address.

The house was crowded in the afternoon with an interesting audience, which was addressed by Elder Cowley, who gave an excellent discourse on the gathering of the

Saints from distant lands.

He was listened to with great attention;

all expressing themselves well pleased with the ready manner in which the subject was treated.

Superintendent Jos. A. West presented the business of the meeting, giving some good instructions for the guidance of the young men.

A call was made for the Associations to send tracts to the missionaries in the Southern States, which was heartily responded to.

After singing by the choir, and prayer by Brother Whitman, the Conference adjourned for three months, to meet in Plain City.

Circuit meetings of the above description are being held throughout Weber Stake, and are attended with great interest by the members, who are much benefitted by the varied exercises and instructions thus presented.

We had the pleasure of being present at two of these conferences—at Ogden, on Sept 5th, and at West Weber, on the 12th.

They were both very pleasant and profitable occasions.

In Utah County appointments have been made for district meetings of this kind, and in Cache County they met with success during last winter.

We believe that in all of the large counties it will be found highly advantageous to the Associations, if the Superintendents and their assistants would arrange such meetings.

It will enable them to present to the officers and members of Associations the instructions necessary, and to become acquainted with them and their methods of conducting exercises, besides affording a fine opportunity for competitive exercises from the several Associations forming a district.