"Order is the First Law of Heaven.''''

Vol.

I.

MAY, 1880.

No.

8.

CONFIDENCE.

VII.

Let us learn to have for each other that confidence which is born of faith;

wayward, weak and subject to severe shocks though it may be, it is better than none, and with careful cultivation in an honest heart, it may become, with knowledge, strong and almost perfect.

Above all, let us seek to acquire that purer confidence which comes down from heaven, and which is made permanent and holy by the revelations of Jesus Christ;

for upon that we may rely with an assurance which need never be shaken. Other than ourselves there are none to shake it;

aside from our individual, selfish and wrongful acts it may rest secure.

This is that heaven-born confidence which forms the connecting link between a Saint and his God.

Without it, faith would die; with it, every dark cloud has a silver lining, and hope points beyond the storms, to the promise of peace and.rest.

Of the joy which this confidence in God the Father brings to those who have been born of the water and of the Spirit,

I need not write; for we all know it to be the anchor to the soul, the unerring needle that points ever to the pole.

It is not difficult to have an abiding confidence in the Lord, for he is perfect and just.

And it is easier for a wicked man to have confidence in a righteous one, than for a righteous man to have it in a wicked one.

What we most need is to learn how to govern our dailv acts and words so that we may secure the confidence of God and that of each other.

To do this we must be positive rather than negative characters.

I regret that all, as to righteousness, are not of the former organization.

The positive Saint is one who, having knowledge, believes in pure and holy principles, and strives wherever he is to practice them.

He is one who is not tossed about by every wind of doctrine, but now, everywhere, and under all circumstances acknowledges Christ, as he hopes Christ, hereafter, will acknowledge him.

Meet him where you may, among Gentiles, Jews or

Heathen, you will find him the same unfaltering, persevering, uncompromising Saint;

always true to his God, to his religion and to his friends.

Having a high standard, he bows not to the prejudices, whims, customs or fashions of others, but humbly follows in the ways of the Lord.

He seeks to make the path of duty the path of pleasure.

Temptations may assail him;

the pride, vanity and riches of the world may allure him, but to each and all he turns a deaf ear, confessing only Christ, and Him crucified.

He loathes iniquity, and turns not into forbidden ways.

With the Saint he is a Saint, with the sinner still the same.

The world must side with him or he and the world are two.

He meets the ungodly and, parting, they have his testimony, faithful and true.

His word is his bond; a trust or a friend he never betrays.

We all know such characters.

CONFIDENCE.

God bless them for what they are

Their enemies even are ashamed to question their integrity, or to doubt their honesty.

How confidence would thrive and become a tower of strength were all the people of this sterling kind.

But alas, it is not so There are some who are of the negative stripe.

Among the Saints they preach and pray—with the sinners, they drink and swear.

See them in the congregations of the Saints, pushing for the prominent seats, and clamoring for recognition;

seeking positions of trust to-day—to-morrow, perhaps, in a drinking saloon, betraying the confidence of those who trusted them.

See them measure their faith by the amount of hatred which they manifest toward a Gentile, Jew or apostate to-day, and then see them reveling with the blasphemous drunkard to-morrow.

Counseling with the guardians of the people's rights today—bartering their best interests tomorrow.

One day, voting to sustain their liberties—another, selling them for a mess of pottage.

Grasping the hand of fellowship to-day—that of an enemy tomorrow.

Showing always their love for God by the intense hatred manifested towards His creatures.

Making friends with the mammon of unrighteousness, by trying to hold heaven in one hand and the world in the other.

Such may be negatively good, positively so, never.

Having no confidence in themselves, they seldom inspire it in others.

In a public gathering, they will vote with a majority to sustain a measure and then privately do their level best to defeat its accomplishment.

Always trying to climb up by tearing others down.

In their own estimation, they are ever the champions of the people's rights, but never fail to destroy the confidence of those who trust them.

With jealous hearts and envious hands they sow broadcast the seeds of discontent.

Criticising and condemning the public and private acts of others, they can no more render a strict, thorough and honest account of their own stewardship than they can fly across the Atlantic Ocean.

They devote so much time to the consideration of the business of others, that they have none in which to care for their own.

If public means be intrusted in their hands, some of it is bound to stick there.

Vote them into office, and the created becomes, in their opinion, greater than the creator.

Like the vessel, they say, at least by their acts, to him that made it, he made me not.

Wherever such rule, the people mourn, for their judgments are seldom free from prejudice.

Had they all power, the agency of man and the purposes of God would be defeated.

In matters of trade, where differences arise, they never see things as others see them—they view them from one standpoint only, and that one is self erected.

They never try to view a matter from the position occupied by others—they care to see but one side, and that is theirs, or that of their particular friends.

They frequently mistake anger for inspiration, and their envy would disturb the dead.

Even around the bed of the dying, mingling with the voice of prayer and the rattle of death, is heard the hiss of the envious, as they crush the hopes of the innocent, and becloud the brow of the dying.

Beware of such pity, but receive not of their spirit smooth and pleasant to your face they may be, remember the fruit they bear is evil and bitter.

You are, many of you, just forming your characters.

Seek earnestly for the guiding Spirit of your Heavenly Father, that they may be positive;

positively good, chaste, pure and noble humble, but always scorning to do a mean, unjust or ungenerous act.

Avoid the influence of the weak and wicked.

Subject yourselves to the laws of righteousness.

Banish hatred from your hearts, and never permit your mouth to utter words of guile, or your acts to deceive.

So shall you gain the victory over the powers of darkness, death, hell and the grave.

Moses Thatcher,

SOUND.

SOUND.

Just as colors may be made to combine with each other and produce every variety of tint, so sounds, though like colors, they may be but few in number, may be made to blend with each other, and follow each other in such a manner as to produce that pleasing effect we call music.

It might be interesting to know how they combine, and why melody and harmony are thus produced, but this would now be too difficult, and hence we will only present a few of the leading facts on the subject of sound, together with a few experiments, most of which any one interested may perform.

The first principle to be laid down and proven is that sound is produced by vibration.

This may be readily shown by placing a piece of steel wire or hoop in a vice, and then bending it to one side, and letting it go suddenly;

if it is long, we can follow it in its oscillations from side to side, with the eye; but if we now make it shorter, the oscillations become so rapid that they are invisible, and then a sound is given out which gradually decreases in intensity, until it entirely ceases, when it will be noticed also that the wire or hoop has ceased to vibrate.

The shorter we make the wire the more rapid will the vibrations be, but at the same time the musical sound produced will be changed, the pitch becoming gradually higher, or in other words, the sound becomes more shrill.

If a ball be suspended very near to a sounding glass jar, and a violin bow be drawn across the rim, the ball will be seen to fly off, showing that the jar was set in motion; or if the same vessel were partly filled with water, ripples would be produced from the sides.

A glass plate may be taken with sand sprinkled over it, and the bow drawn across the margin as in the case of the jar above, when if any sound is produced, it will be noticed that the sand begins to dance up and down, and to be thrown from one side to another, until it settles down along certain lines, either straight or curved forming beautiful symmetrical figures, the sand must of course settle to rest along those portions of the surface that have not been in motion.

If a cord be stretched as a bow-string;

or a string of a violin or guitar, and pulled to one side, it is set to vibrating, and thus sound is produced.

If a membrane stretched across a frame be sprinkled with sand and lowered into a sounding organ pipe, the agitated condition of the air, will show itself immediately by shaking up the membrane and sand.

But although sound may be produced by vibration, there must be some means by which it can be communicated to the ear, the ordinary medium is the air, and without this but very few sounds could be heard, to prove this we may place a bell under the receiver of an air pump and after removing the air, we may strike the bell by means of clock work, but only a very faint sound can be heard if any at all, which however becomes louder the more air we let in.

So on the top of a high mountain where the air is very rare, the human voice or even a pistol shot would be very faint, and could be heard only at a very short distance.

On the contrary when we go down into deep mines, where the air is much more dense, or in diving bells, where the excessive weight of water compresses the air, sound is increased in intensity, and in conversing with each other, the miners and divers need not raise their voices above a whisper.

Again the air is not the only gas through which sound may be transmitted, we can fill a globe, in which is a bell run by clock work, with any kind of gas, and yet the sound is transmitted, only its character is changed according to the intensity of the medium contained in the globe.

Not only will matter in the gaseous state, but also in either of the other

SOUND.

states, that is, liquid or solid, carry sound and in most cases even better than a gas.

A sound may be produced in water at a considerable distance, and with the ear in the water or near its surface, it can be distinctly heard, but we need not go to so much trouble to be apprised of this fact, for we all know how readily even the slightest noise is perceived by the fishes in our ponds and streams.

Let the ear be applied to one end of an iron railing, and let some one at the other end scratch it with a pin, we will be surprised to find how distinctly it can be heard.

A most interesting illustration of this was given by Wheatstone, an English scientist, who placed an orchestra in the basement of a large building, and by means of wooden rods a connection was made through intervening stories, with a large hall in the upper story.

Here sounding boards were connected with the rod and the music from below could be very distinctly heard by the audience in the hall, while in the rooms below, through which the rod passed no sound was heard.

In most ordinary cases it seems that sound is transmitted instantaneously, bu^ this arises from the fact that the time required to travel ordinary distances is so small that it can not be perceived.

If we notice a person traveling on a board pavement at some distance from us, say early in the morning when there are no other sounds to confuse us, every time the foot is raised from the ground, we hear the sound, instead of hearing it when the foot strikes the ground, and this is because it takes some time for the sound to travel to the ear after it has been produced.

When cannon are fired at a distance, the flash is always seen some time before the report is heard.

Thunder we know already, from an article in a preceding number, is caused by the lightning, and would be heard when the flash is seen, were it not for the fact that it takes the sound time to travel, and hence it does not reach the ear until after th e flash is seen.

Many careful experiments have been performed to ascertain the velocity with which sound travels through the air, and the average rate amounts to about 1120 feet per second, though in cold weather it is considerably less, while the contrary is the case when the weather is warmer.

If the wind is blowing in the direction of the sound it will accelerate its motion, while it will retard it if blowing in the opposite direction.

The fact just stated above may be put to some use in ascertaining distance of objects;

thus if we see a flash of lightning in some distant cloud, and count ten seconds before we hear the sound, we know that the cloud is removed ten times 11 20 feet.

Through water, sound travels at the rate of about 4708 feet per second, as determined from a series of experiments performed in lake Geneva by Colladon and Sturm.

And even more rapidly does it pass through solids, the rate sometimes reaching over 16,000 feet per second, depending on the material of which the medium is composed.

We know already that sound is pro* duced by a vibrating body, but as in the first experiment mentioned it must vibrate very rapidly before it can produce sound.

In this case'the wire or hoop in swaying from side to side must strike against the elastic medium, the air, and as it moves forward must compress the air in front of it, thus producing a wave of compression which, owing to the elasticity of the"air, is carried in all directions from the wire as a centre.

But as the wire recedes a partially vacant space is left on one side of it, and thus there is sent out a wave of rarefaction and in this way by means of the two kinds of waves sound is transmitted.

The waves thus produced are collected by the winding folds of the outer ear, strike the drum of the ear, and thence through a series of bones to the inner ear.

When we let a pebble fall into a tub of water, we may follow the waves thus produced until they reach the sides of

SANDWICH ISLANDS LEPER SETTLEMENT.

the vessel when they will be thrown back again.

This may take place with the waves of sound as well.

But in order that we may have the reflected sound the reflecting surface must be situated some distance away.

Five syllables can be distinctly heard in one second, so that to pronounce one of them requires onefifth of a second.

As sound travels n 20 feet per second, if a reflecting surface, as the side of a house, or a steep hill, is distant 112 feet when we speak, the last syllable will always be distinctly heard as it requires just one-fifth of a second for it to travel 112 feet and back;

as for the other syllables, they are sent back but are confused with those sent forward.

To hear more than one final syllable, the surface must of course be farther away.

When walls or cliffs are situated directly opposite each other, the sound may be sent from one side to the other and back again a great many times.

The most remarkable illustration of this is that of the villa Simonetha, near Milan, where a pistol shot, fired when the air is perfectly calm and still, may be heard as many as forty times.

In a building in Paris, a syllable may be re-echoed as many as thirty times.

If sound, which spreads out in all directions from the sounding body, be sent against a concave surface, it will be reflected nearly all to one point, some where near the centre of the concave surface, and hence if the ear is placed near where it comes together it will be able easily to perceive the sound, although in any other position nothing may be heard.

It is on this principle that speaking galleries are constructed,which enable persons,though in opposite ends of the building, to carry on a conversation with each other in a whisper, while others may be between them and yet hear nothing.

There are many illustrations of this as, for instance, St.

Paul's Cathedral in London, the arches under Westminster

Bridge, the concave surface under the Niagara.

Sometimes when the sails of a ship are made concave by the wind, in a proper position on the deck, distant sounds can be easily heard, this was shown in a most remarkable manner, at one time when a ship was sailing to Rio

Janeiro, a sound was heard as of the ringing of church bells, but it was well known that they were fully one hundred miles away from shore.

When they arrived on land they learned that the bells of San Salvadore the nearest place on the coast had been ringing at about the same time when they supposed they heard them.

Here we see the sound was partly carried by the wind and collected by the curved sail.

But to illustrate this we need not go so far; our large Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, is so constructed that in certain positions, the dropping of a pin can be heard from one end of the hall to the other, a distance greater than in any of the examples mentioned above.

Quebec.

SANDWICH ISLANDS We left the little village of Kainalu, on the island of Molokai, January 30, and after a ride of twenty miles arrived at a place called Kaunakakai, which is situated near the sea.

On the south side of the island was formerly the residence of Kamehameha V.

The travelers'curiosity is aroused, on seeing the former abode of the monarch, not because of LEPER SETTLEMENT.

its magnificence, but on the contrary, because of its simplicity.

It is a neatly built grass house, with well painted doors and windows, and surrounded by a few small but beautiful trees.

We were treated with the greatest hospitality by the keeper of the place, and on the following day continued our journey.

The road is not of the best kind,

SANDWICH ISLANDS LEPER SETTLEMENT.

being very rocky and rough, however, in a short time we arrived at the sugar plantation owned by a Mr.

Meyers, of whom we received our pass.

The road from this place on is only a path, winding its way through the rolling hills, which are dotted with trees, and covered with an abundance of grass and varied vegetation; at last the summit is reached, where it is necessary to leave our animals.

The descent is abrupt for two thousand feet, and the path is too steep for horses to travel.

The beauty of the scene that presented itself before us from this point is exceedingly grand;

the beautiful clusters of trees that surround us are clothed in various tints, from the deepest shades to the most brilliant light, interwoven with trailing vines and lovely ferns, which give to the scenery a tropical appearance, while to the north, the great Pacific Ocean lies spread before us, as far as the eye can reach, and two thousand feet below, rests the afflicted town—the Leper Settlement.

The first thing we did after getting down into the settlement, was to find Dr.

Emerson, who is employed by the government to attend the lepers.

We presented our pass to this gentleman, and were permitted to visit our friends;

he informing us that it was not advisable to stay in the native houses, as the disease is contagious, and it is necessary to be careful in order not to spread it.

We were informed that this little town has in the neighborhood of eight hundred inhabitants, of whom all but about forty are lepers.

It is situated on a strip of land on the sea shore, about three miles long, and from a quarter of a mile to one mile wide, the perpendicular cliffs towering thousands of feet in the air, are united with the sea at each end of the settlement, where the mighty waves roll against the rugged lava rock, rendering communication an impossibility, except by the open sea and by the path above.

All the lepers are supported by the government, and receive their rations every week.

They have the privilege of choosing rice and sugar; bread, or j>aiai (pounded kalo, wrapped up in ki leaves and when mixed with water is called pot) i seven pounds of beef, or fifty cents in cash.

Being warned by the doctor not to stay in the natives'houses, the question arose, where are we to stay?

We felt as strangers in a strange land, but knew that the Lord was with His servants, and we had faith that the way would be opened.

We had been informed by the missionaries who had been here a few months before us, that they had been entertained by a

Catholic priest, and the idea suggested itself to us to go and try him.

We met him at the store and accordingly Bro. W.

D.

Alexander, my companion, asked him if he could inform us where lodgings might be obtained.

In reply to this he told us to follow him to his home, which we did.

On arriving at his house he invited us to supper, and then we were shown our place of rest.

The following morning we found on the table, in the adjoining room, a letter addressed to the Mormon Elders, from our hospitable friend, stating that he had received positive orders not to receive any of our people who in the future might visit the place, and that while these, his bishop's orders, pained his heart very much, he was obliged to obey them.

After receiving this note we concluded to hold our meetings and return to Kainalu in the night.

The house where we held our first meeting is situated in the extreme eastern end of the settlement; our second meeting was in the western part.

The settlement is divided into two parts, called Kalaupapa and Kalawau.

At nine o'clock a. m.

the horn was sounded, and the people commenced to gather.

I shall never forget the terrible looks of that congregation.

Readers, imagine before you a lot of human beings with their noses and ears twice the natural size, and their faces covered with blotches of all imaginable shapes, others with

EMINENT WOMEN.

their fingers bent and twisted in every direction conceivable, also their feet, as a general thing, affected, making it a wonder that they can walk at all; but this is only a partial picture.

A description of all the phases of the loathsome affliction would sicken and disgust.

A peculiarity of the disease is that in many cases there is no feeling in the affected parts, so that they might be amputated, and the patient would hardly know it.

We held our meetings and were very much pleased with the spirit that prevailed.

The saints in this place are very humble, and look forward to a time when sickness and disease shall have no more power over them.

We reached the summit about dark, where we found our horses, well rested and in good condition for traveling, and at three o'clock the next morning we arrived at Kainalu.

Carl Anderson.

EMINENT WOMEN.

Distinguished women of the past are a study, as well as men of mark.

Though they have been fewer in number, and in most instances have had more hindrances in the way of their progress, yet, recorded in the annals of history, are the names of some illustrious women, who deserve to be held in honorable remembrance, for the service they have done the world in education, science, art and literature.

We recall their names with a mingled degree of just pride and pleasure, and we are gratified to remember them as holding rank among the noble benefactors of the human race.

Some we cannot help loving, though we find them very imperfect in character, and faulty in their lives.

Yet we must recollect their peculiar condition and surroundings, the age in which they lived with all its bigotry and prejudices, and make due allowance for human weaknesses.

Often we have a lingering tenderness for those of whom we read;

they appeal to our sympathies and call out the emotions of our affectional nature, and stimulate us through these, to deeds of kindness, and noble exertions to become worthy a similar place in the hearts of our contemporaries.

Others only excite our admiration; yet candor compels us to acknowledge their power as a lever in the social structure albeit they do not touch our hearts, or enlist our affections.

We should not be forgetful of those who have labored to better the condition of their fellow-beings, though they have passed on to another stage of action.

Mankind are reaping the benefits of their works and their books, through the effect their lives and sentiments have had upon education, laws, governments and public opinion.

There is much to be learned from the lives of individuals.

But we can only study those of a past age, who have made themselves known to the public.

Many have died, who have been better in their day and generation, and more capable perchance of noble deeds, yet had not the moral courage and the stamina to come forward and brave the ridicule and censure the world heaps upon those who enter the arena of public life.

"Full many a gem of purest ray serene,

The dark unfathomed caves of ocean bear

Full many a flower is born to blush unseen,

And waste its sweetness on the desert air."

Bitter taunts and withering sarcasms are almost invariably aimed at women who step aside from the common, beaten track of every -day life.

Opprobrious epithets, the severest criticisms and actual persecutions have, in many instances, been liberally heaped upon the envied possessors of genius or talent who have launched forth unheralded into the world of literature, or sought to maintain with strength of character and firmness of purpose, their original views and opinions in the face of opposition, jealousy and unprincipled ambition for honor, or sue-

EMINENT WOMEN.

cess, even at the expense of others'downfall, sometimes points with poisoned malice the winged arrows of hate and scorn, which hurled at the innocent and unsuspecting wound terribly in secret, though the brave hearts quail not, nor betray any outward sign of agony.

He or she who can live above these trials, or pass unscathed through such ordeals surely deserve this meed of praise, for they are the heroes of a series of life's battles, hard indeed to be endured and difficult to run against the fearful odds of ignorance, envy and superstition.

"He that writes, Or makes a feast, more certainly invites

His judges than his friends there's not a guest But will find something wanting, or ill-drest."In recalling to mind the subject of eminent women of the past, and linking therewith some names well known to the world, my mind rested casually upon the two Montagues.

I believe they are sometimes confused in the mind, as they have both given to the world a series of letters, and not remembered as two but one.

Lady Mary Wortley Montagu was the first woman Montagu known as a literateur, and although she was not born a

Montagu, is known only by that name as a writer.

She was the daughter of Evelyn Pierrepont, Duke of Kingston, and was born at Thoresby, Nottinghamshire, in the year 1690, and is said to have been a very "clever and beautiful child."

She received a liberal education, but being eager for more thorough knowledge, she taught herself the elements of Latin, and became well versed in the Greek and Latin languages.

She was of a sportive temperament and brilliant and lively imagination, which is noticeable through her "famous correspondence."She was an exquisite dancer, and in one of her letters she says: "I taught the Viennese some new country-dances,they onlyknowing half a dozen, which they had been practicing over and again, during a period of some fifty years."She considered it "as scandalous for a woman not to know how to use her needle, as it was for a man not to know how to uSe a sword."She was quite distinguished for vivacity, wit, love of anecdote and "large general energy."She disliked sorrow, and maintained that sorrow for the dead is the vainest form of feeling.

Yet she carried through all her literary productions a firm thread of sound common sense.

She was married at twenty-two to Edward

Wortley Montagu, grandson of the first Earl of Sandwich.

Her wooing was not what one would expect of a woman of talent, brilliancy, wit and a large crowd of admirers.

It is said of her that she was insensible to tenderness, her heart cold, lifeless and unimpressionable.

"She held romantic sentimentality in contempt."In one of her letters addressed to her intended husband, she thus expresses herself:

"I can esteem, I can be a friend, but don't know whether

I can love.

Expect all that is complacent and easy, but never what is fond, in me."Her husband, it is said, was as destitute as herself of romantic sentiment.

He was a diplomatist, distinguished himself in Parliament, and was the intimate friend of Addison.

Lady Montagu accompanied her husband in to the court of Constantinople, whither he went as ambassador, and during her sojourn there wrote an interesting description of that wonderful city in letters to her friends.

A surreptitious edition of these letters was published in 1763.

They were so well received as to pass through several issues and to be translated into many languages. A genuine edition of these and her other works was published under the authority of her son, the Marquis of Bute, in 1803.

There is a circumstance connected with her life in Constantinople, which has caused her to be remembered with gratitude by all classes of people.

She learned from the villagers of the practice of inoculation for the small pox, and performed the operation herself upon her son, and by this means and through her

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

influence inoculation was introduced into the east of Europe.

After Lady Mary's return to England, she resided at Twickenham, where she "formed an intimacy with the celebrated poet, Pope."

Sometime after, the friendship was broken off, and "the poet was ignoble enough to write satires against her talents and reputation,"which he afterwards denied.

In 1739 she went to Venice, on account of her failing health, where she lived twenty-two years, then returning to England, died in the following year, 1762.

Her great-grandson, Lord Wharncliffe, published a complete edition of her writings in 1836, under the title of "Letters and Works of Lady Mary Wortley Montagu."

This celebrated lady is said to have been a keen observer of human character, and her literary productions are spoken of as well-polished mirrors, wherein might be discerned the social condition of England in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, respectively.

This lady was proud rather than vain, and prided herself on her social and literary distinction.

She was not what would be styled "popular."It has been said that "it was doubtful about her ever being loved and respected for herself."She was at one time elected a "toast"by the Kitcat

Club, an association of literary people, whose friendship she enjoyed, and yet says one who has written of her, "It is very problematical if she ever actually secured what Aristotle styles a friend "for virtue's sake."Let us be lenient to Lady Mary's faults, remembering the peculiarity of her time, and the sensuality that marked the reign of Charles II.

Here is an extract from one of her poems.

It reveals a true picture of woman's estimate at that period, even by one of her own sex.

"While thirst of praise, and vain desire of fame,

In every age is every woman's aim With courtship pleased, of silly trifles proud,

Fond of a train, and happy in a crowd."

Amethyst.

LESSER LIGHTS OE.THE BOOK OF MORMON.

JAROM.

The days of the prophet Jarom on the earth were neither few nor unimportant.

During the sixty years that he was custodian of the holy things (B. C. 422 to B. C. 362) the Nephites may be said to have grown from a powerful tribe to a wealthy, though not as yet very numerous nation;

indeed, their numbers were far from being equal to those of the wild and bloodthirsty Lamanites.

These, like their modern representatives, occupied their time almost exclusively in the chase of wild animals and in war;

yet, notwithstanding their vigorous and repeated onslaughts, the age of Jarom was to the Nephites one of great progressiveness in the arts of peace.

In the pleasant and productive region in which they had established themselves, to which they had given the name of The Land of Nephi, the rude battle with nature for the necessities of life had resulted in victory, and they had now leisure to turn their attention to the creation of the comforts and embellishments of a more refined civilization.

They ceased to be distinctively a pastoral people; they gave much attention to the embellishment of their homes and public buildings with fine and curious workmanship in wood and metal;

whilst agriculture and manufacture received a new impetus by the invention of numerous labor-saving machines, implements and tools.

Their safety from successful attack from their Lamanitish foes was also measurably secured by the introduction of more perfect weapons of war, and the development of a rude system of fortification, sufficient, however, to protect their cities and settlements from the means of attack at the command of the children of Laman.

Their semi-tropical home was not only

i 7 8 LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

rich agriculturally, but its mountains were stored with the precious things of the earth—gems, gold, silver, copper, iron, etc., whilst the vast forests yielded timber of every kind necessary for the development of their manufacturing interests.

It is well to bear in mind that though the Nephites of this age were stiffhecked and perverse, requiring the constant warnings of prophets to keep them from backsliding into faithlessness yet the pervading tone of their society was simple and unaffected, and the people were very generally industrious, honest and moral; they neither blasphemed nor profaned the holy name of the Deity, they kept sacred the Sabbath day, and vigorously observed the requirements of the law of Moses.

Their prophets, priests and teachers not only instructed them in this law, but they also expounded the intent for which it was given, and whilst so doing directed their minds in faith to the.coming of the Messiah, in whom they taught the people to believe as though he had already tabernacled in the flesh.

These pointed and constant teachings preserved the people from destruction, by softening their hearts and bringing them to repentance, when war, wealth or pride exerted their baneful influences and began to turn their a£- fections from the service of heaven.

Of Jarom himself we can say but little, for but little he tells us of his personal history.

He does not write the words of his prophecies or revelations, for the reason that he does not esteem them of worth to posterity, as they added nothing to the knowledge of the plan of salvation revealed through his forefathers, Lehi, Jacob and Enos.

As the Church historian, he was undoubtedly a leader among his people, and in a general way he summarizes the character of his class by saying:

"Our kings and our leaders were mighty men in the faith of the Lord; and they taught the people the ways of the Lord."A little further on he states, "the prophets of the Lord did threaten the people of Nephi, according to the word of God, that if they did not keep the commandments, but should fall into transgression, they should be destroyed from off the face of the land."We can readily understand him to have been one of those diligent, long suffering servants of the Lord who rejoiced at every manifestation of the Nephites'love for righteousness, and who frequently mourned because of their fickleness of character and the hardness of their hearts.

The last words of Jarom's record are:

"And I deliver these plates into the hands of my son Omni, that they may be kept according to the commandments of my fathers."ZORAM.

No branch of the house of Israel, so far as our knowledge'extends, has produced so many warrior-prophets of the type of Joshua or Judas Maccabeus as the Nephite offshoot of the tribe of Manasseh.

No history affords so many examples of men who were at once faithful servants of heaven and great military leaders.

A score of typical names rush to the memory at the suggestion of the thought, among whom stand Alma (the younger), Moroni, Lehi, Zoram, Heleman, Teancum, Moronihah, Lachoneus, Gidgiddoni and Mormon.

Indeed it was the universal rule in the days of the righteousness of the Nephites for them to choose as commanders in the hour of peril those who were most devoted and zealous in the service of God.

Led by such men, they felt confident of victory by reason of heaven's approval made manifest in their leaders'inspiration with divine wisdom to conquer their foes.

In these expectations they were never disappointed.

So well did the people understand this fact that often in the days of their basest ingratitude to their

Eternal Father they still selected His inspired servants to be their generals.

As an instance we cite the selection of Mormon to lead their hosts against the overwhelming hordes of the Lamanites, in their final struggle for national existence.

LESSER LIGHTS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

At that time they had turned away from the truth, had persecuted the servants of

God, had sunken deep in filthiness, bloodthirstiness and depravity, yet Mormon, though but a boy in his sixteenth year, was thein choice and their hope, and as long as he would lead them they relied upon his guidance until that last long bloody agony that left to the Lamanites sole and undisputed possession of two continents.

The Zoram of whom we now speak is suddenly introduced to the reader of the

Book of Mormon as commander of the Nephite armies in the days when Nephihah was chief judge of the commonwealth, and Alma the presiding high priest of the church of Christ (B. C. 81).

Towards the close pi the previous year the Lamanites had made a sudden and unexpected incursion into the western portion of the Nephite territory.

They had surprised and captured the proud city of Ammonihah, whose vile citizens had a few months before lit a martyrs'fire, whose wide, devouring flames were the precursors of the kindred horrors of

Rome and Smithfield in centuries nearer our own times.

The promised vengeance of the Lord followed swiftly.

The dark skinned warriors of Laman swept over these murderers of the saints like a tempest of fire, leaving neither young nor old, babe nor grandsire to repeat the story of their woes.

Not one of Ammonihah's boasting children was left \o defy heaven with their blasphemies.

Nor was the city spared;

it, also, was given to the destroyer, and its palaces and temples, its homes and its workshops were consumed by the devouring flames.

An uninhabitable desolation, stinking with the rotting carcases of man and beast, only remained to mark the place where Ammonihah stood.

As the Desolation of Nehors it was known and avoided by the Nephites for many succeeding years.

Emboldened by this signal triumph, the Lamanites entered the borders of the contiguous land of Noah, where they continued their depredations, carrying off many Nephite captives into the wilderness.

At this juncture Zoram and his two sons (Lehi and Aha), rallied the Nephite forces, in the hope of intercepting the Lamanite armies in their return to the land of Nephi, and of delivering the captives.

Before making a forward move, Zoram determined to enquire of the Lord.

HI and his sons knew that Alma was a prophet and a revelator to the nation.

Wisely they went first to him and enquired if it was the Lord's will that they should advance into the wilderness in search of their captive brethren.

Alma laid the matter before the

Lord.

The divine answer came:

"Behold the Lamanites will cross the river Sidon in the south wilderness, away up beyond the borders of the land of Manti.

And behold there shall ye meet them, on the east of the river Sidon, and there the Lord will deliver unto thee thy brethren who have been taken captive by the Lamanites."Obedient to these plain instructions Zoram and his sons crossed over the river

Sidon with their armies, and marched southward beyond the borders of the land of Manti, into that portion of the great southern wilderness which lay east of the river Sidon.

Here they came upon the enemy, as the word of the Lord had declared, and here they joined in battle.

The Lamanites were defeated, scattered and driven into the wilderness, and the Nephite captives were delivered.

Great was the joy in the land of Zarahemla when it was found that not one Nephite had been lost of all those taken prisoners, but every one, great and small, had escaped the horrors of slavery in the hands of the Lamanites, and they all returned in peace to possess their own lands.

A most happy result of seeking the word of the Lord and then faithfully carrying out its instructions.

Again there was peace throughout the land, and the name of Zoram is no more mentioned in the sacred record.

R.

itfo EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, May, 1880.

THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY.

The action of the Apostles in placing three of their number at the head of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, recognizes the Organization as an institution of power, closely indentified with the social and intellectual welfare of the people, and as the most important civil organization of the community.

The steady and rapid growth of the Associations, their widespread influence for good, the harmony that has existed between them and the Church, the fostering care they have received from the Priesthood, and the return they have made in qualifying young men for offices and missions of trust are some of the causes that have called forth this action of the Apostles, which has been taken in appreciation of the fruits of the Organization, so far as it has commenced to bear, with a desire to secure its firm establishment and perpetuation among the people.

No more emphatic reproof could be given to the prating of some enthusiasts, who have been unable to see good in anything but their own immediate occupation, and have freely predicted the breaking up of the Organization, by the Authorities, when they should give it their attention.

The benefits to the Association which we anticipate from the General Superintendency are varied, and are of great consequence to its prosperity and success.

There are matters of importance connected with its government, and exercises upon which difference of opinion may arise among the officers and members.

There may also be differences in regard to its place in society, the proper field of action for the exercise of its authority and influence, etc.

Upon all questions of this kind an appeal to the General Superintendency may be taken, and its decisions will be the end of controversy.

The tone and character which the names of the distinguished brethren who have received this appointment, will give to the Organization, all will readily see and appreciate, while the attention they will be able to give to the details of its management will doubtless result in promoting its strength and power to do good, beyond what could reasonably be expected, without the immediate recognition and support of the Apostles.

With this addition, we now have a most complete organization, but the work required of it is only fairly commenced.

There are a large number of Associations, with a promiscuous membership engaged in an endless variety of exercises, all having in view the same ultimate object, but pursuing its accomplishment in ways diverse and often remarkable for their unique originality.

Out of this mass, consisting of the intelligence and vigor of the youth, in which there is, however, more or less confusion, ignorance and inexperience, coupled with erroneous tradition, jealousy and faultfinding, a perfect system should be evolved, that will reserve and harbor all that is good and expunge every phase of error.

Some of the Associations have dwindled into a mixed membership, consisting of the young and old of both sexes, and instead of being in fact, Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations have resolved themselves into week night meetings of the Ward, which the people attend for amusement and the pleasure of an hour's entertainment.

EDITORIAL.

While occasional meetings of this description may be very enjoyable, we should remember they are destructive of our organization and are very far indeed from those originally designed for the mutual improvement of the young men, of Israel.

Our meetings are not intended for the amusement of the public, but were instituted and are especially designed for the instruction of the young men as a distinctive class of the community, in the principles of life that immediately pertain to their welfare and the duties they expect to perform as men.

There are many reasons why the distinctive character of the Young Men's Associations, as well as that of the Young Ladies', should be carefully maintained. The late President Brigham Young, in speaking upon this subject was most emphatically opposed to the two Associations meeting together, though he permitted the introduction of conjoint sessions once a month, he said:

"If the Associations are mixed, they will become mere courting meetings, the boys will go to take the girls home and the girls will go to be took, and I shall have nothing whatever to do with them."He pictured out the good that would result from our organization, foretelling that an association of thousands of the young men of Israel would grow out of it, and that there would be many occasions in the future of our people when such an organization, well governed and disciplined would be a great help to the priesthood in advancing the interests of Zion upon the earth.

The order of exercises introduced two years ago, has been adopted in many places in part, and seems to give tolerable satisfaction, but no universal system has yet been successfully introduced, yet it is the desire of presidents of Associations everywhere to be instructed upon the best methods of conducting their Associations, how to enlist the interest and attendance of the members, and to secure the greatest amount of good in the most satisfactory manner to the largest number.

A systematic programme of exercises might be prepared, with the experience we have now had, that will, in the main, meet the requirements of the Associations, admitting of such changes and variety as the peculiar circumstances of Associations may require.

When this is done and those exercises which have proved of great benefit to some few

Associations are adopted by all, reports will be more complete and the results of our labors more satisfactory in every way.

We understand it is not the intention of the General Superintendency to make radical changes in the Organization, but rather to encourage the present officers to do their utmost for its advancement, and to continue in the path they have commenced to follow, only makingchanges when it shall be found necessary for the best good of all.

It will be seen by the communication published in this issue that the officers of the Central

Committee have been retained as Assistants to the General Superintendency, and that where the right men are in the right place they should be ordained to the proper office in the Priesthood and continue their labors, as directed from time to time.

While the instructions of the Twelve direct that the Stake Superintendents shall be High Priests, it does not follow that the Presidents of Associations are to hold that office, but that Elders and others, in fact those already elected, may continue without interruption in the exercise of the offices to which they have been appointed.

We trust the Associations will be active and energetic in adopting the suggestions made for their guidance by the authorities that are placed over them, and that a stronger effort will be made by the officers and members, when they shall resume their regular meetings, to systematize their exercises according to the recommendations of the general officers as they may be given from time to time, and thus good-will and unanimity of feeling will prevail in all our labors for mutual improvement.

LOVE AND FRIENDSHIP.

LOVE AND FRIENDSHIP.

The star of Friendship beams for all mankind, Whose souls are true, whose senses are refined.

Unlike the planet Love's ephemeral ray,

Whose giddy lustre burns but for a day,

Its gleam is fairest in the dusk of age,

As print is brighter on a time-worn page.

The stream of Love is shallow and unclear,

And waves of trouble on its breast appear,

But Friendship's tide is limpid as it flows,

And calmer, deeper, as it onward goes.

The fire of Love is fickle and untrue,

And wanting fuel, pales its primal hue,

But Friendship's glows with self-renewing light, And warmest in the chilly glooms of night.

The rose of Love, bereft its sunny ray,

Will droop and wither, fade and fall away;

In modest, sweet simplicity arrayed,

The fiow'r of Friendship blossoms in the shade.

Time's test on Love may part the brittle chain,

Corroding mar, its pristine beauty stain, And bonds like these lie mingling with the dust,

When Friendship shows no sign of wear or rust.

Yet things diverse oft-times insep'rateare,

While each, in other, claims a righteous share;

For Love the bride of Friendship e'er will prove,

And Friendship is the better half of Love.

O.

F.

Whitney.

EDUCATION AND CRIME.

It is hardly too much to say, that the American people have been in danger of falling into the error of believing that knowledge is virtue—that to do better, it is only necessary to know better, and that intellectual culture is the panacea for moral, social and political ills.

The general establishment of the common school system was both the effect and the cause of this sentiment.

Of late there has been some reaction against this one-sided view of the human problem of reform and progress.

In the quickened interest in all social questions, together with the increased study of statistics, and their application to the solution of the various questions of sociology, education, as related to crime, has not escaped the student of science, and especially of those who have been interested and engaged in gospel and penal reform.

It has been clearly shown that ignorance and crime live in close and sympathetic relations.

Criminal statistics have proved that, in proportion to their numbers, there are more criminals among the ignorant than among the educated.

Ignorance exposes to crime by diminishing men's self respect;

by limiting men's opportunities and means of livelihood by restricting the range of pleasure and safe pastime; and by exposing men to the full play of their animal passions.

But, while all this is true, and a more extended study serves to deepen the conviction that ignorance is the most fruitful source of crime, it still remains true that ignorance is not the only source of crime.

A deeper study of criminal statistics, and a more careful classification of criminals, has brought to light the fact that there are educated criminals as well as uneducated criminals.

Forgery, counterfeiting, embezzlement of funds, perversions of trust, and also adulterations of food and drinks are not the crimes of ignorance, but rather of knowledge.

The same must be admitted of bribery and tampering with the ballot, whether by fraudulent naturalization papers, by colonizing voters, or by stuffing the ballot box.

There may be many ignorant dupes in all these organized and wide-reaching villainies, but the leaders are neither ignorant nor duped.

The man who plans a scheme of counterfeiting is never an ignoramus—he has both capital and knowledge.

In general, it may be said that between the two great classes of crimes—crimes of passion and crimes of reflection, that crimes of

EDUCATION AND

CRIME.

<8 3 reflection are committed by the intelligent rather than by the ignorant.

Animal passions are less active among them, but the higher passions of the mind covetousness, ambition, the desire to live extravagantly, and to keep up appearance and show, are passions which rage among the cultivated rather than among the uncultivated; and the crimes to which they lead are not petty larceny and sneak thieving, but peculation, political jobbery and ring frauds.

The crimes with which the names of Schuyler and Breslin and Tweed stand connected, are not crimes of ignorance, but of knowledge not crimes of animal passion, but of social, political and intellectual passion.

Education lifts men above the crimes that come from those passions.

Education lifts men into a higher plane of action, and so exposes them to the crimes that lie in that higher sphere.

An ignorant man will steal your coat, or pick your pocket;

the educated rogue will work shoddy and devil's dust into the coats of whole armies and pick the nation's pocket.

Education does not diminish the force of ambition, it rather strengthens it.

Education will abate thieving, drunkenness, licentiousness, etc.

; it will not directly diminish forgery, counterfeiting and kindred crimes of intelligence—save- as it diminishes the field of the sharper's operations.

Nor should it be overlooked that the crimes of intelligence are much wider in their pernicious reach than crimes of passion.

The latter, except in the case of murder, spend themselves on the spot then and there, as unexpectedly to the perpetrator as to the victims, not so the crime of reflection.

It was conceived in cold blood.

It organizes itself carefully and coolly, it executes itself deliberately and at long range.

Who can trace the corrupted currency to its fountain head?

Who can bring home to the criminal the cotton that has been wrought into his broadcloth, or the terra alba that has gone into his sugar, or the logwood that blushes in his wine?

Crime marches with the march of intelligence.

There could be no pocketpicking in Sparta, nor in an age when there was no currency; no burglary so long as men had no fixed habitations.

Vulgar stealing, and false swearing were contemporaneous with only the ruder states of society, while the gigantic swindles of the stock exchanges of London,

Paris, Vienna, Berlin and New York are as far beyond Greek rascality as the drama is beyond the modern farce.

Take the "Schuyler frauds,"on the New

York and New Haven Railroad.

The "Credit Mobilier"scheme, the '"'Erie management,"the Southern Improvement Company's movements, the New York, Philadelphia, and Pittsburg rings, the Indian ring, the Custom House ring, the silk and whiskey frauds, and the organizations of money schemes in oil, coal, and gold—these are not the plots of ignorance and passion—somewhere in those huge schemes of fraud and oppression are hidden master-minds of intelligence and administrative ability.

It could only be a thoroughly educated rascal, who could conceive the plot of "salting"a mine, in order to place its shares at an advantage.

If the general influence of education is to diminish crime, and yet its exceptional influence is to enlarge the scope of a certain class of criminals, what under these circumstances are the relations and duties of the Improvement Associations and teachers, as educators, to crime?

First:

We must acknowledge and teach that there are educated criminals:

men who use their intelligence as a power to do wrong; taking criminal advantage of the superiority of knowledge over ignorance.

Second:

We must teach that this class of criminals is the principal perpetrator of crimes of reflection—crimes that are aimed at property rather than persons crimes, moreover, which attack society in its organized welfare—by infanticide and foeticide; by debasing the currency, adulterating food, drink and

EDUCATION AND

CRIME.

clothing; manufacturing goods "short,"and selling them at standard weight and measure; and corrupting the channels of legislation, justice and politics.

Third:

It must be held to be the duty of educators to elevate the moral tone of their pupils, by showing that many forms of fraud, which are not against the statute, and which lead to wealth, are more debasing and more injurious than crimes of a more disreputable character.

This latter kind of education is carried on more by example than by formal precepts—the educator himself being the example.

Next to parents, teachers stand in the closest and most influential relations to the young, and as their toils tend to take persons out of the ranks of illiteracy, and put them into the educated class, so the crimes with which they stand most closely connected, are the crimes of educated as opposed to uneducated criminals.

The great mass of our criminal population cannot read or write; but the forger can certainly write;

the counterfeiter has been at school.

William Dodd was a scholar—a private tutor to Lord Chesterfield—and yet he was guilty of bribery, and hanged for forgery.

Eugene Aram was both scholar and schoolmaster, and yet guilty of robbery and executed for murder.

These men passed under the hand of teachers, and breathed the air of the schoolroom.

It is a fair question to ask whether the atmosphere of the schoolroom is not sometimes tainted;

if the teacher is not truthful in his speech and conduct;

if he is not fair in his discipline;

if his marking shows a partiality;

if he crams for an examination;

or in whatever other way he wraps up falsehood in his work, his influence is immoral.

Daily prayers and Bible readings will not counteract this poison of dishonesty.

That schoolroom will be a seminarium of vices.

Consciously or unconsciously, evil principles will be nourished under that roof.

The educator in this case sustains an indirect relation to the crime.

There may be, and ought to be, exerted by educators, a direct influence in the repression of crime.

The proper soil of crime is a low moral tone in society, and when the teachers in our district schools and universities do not create and diffuse a healthy moral atmosphere, the seeds of crime will germinate despite the intellectual and aesthetic culture of the scholars.

Where the moral tone of society is low it is usually signalized by low and cruel tastes.

The gentler natures and more refined sympathies fit the female teachers to counteract the rude and often cruel instincts of boys.

It is the special duty of the teachers in our primary schools to dissuade their pupils from robbing birds'nests; indulging in teasing and torturing animals; in taking pleasure in dog fights, etc.

Their better natures should be stimulated by stories of the sagacity of animals, the fidelity of dogs, the usefulness and patience of horses and oxen the skill, industry and tenderness of birds for their young, etc.

Children will not abuse what they admire, and there is so much that is admirable in the lower orders of animals.

Let children be taught that tormenting birds, and beasts, and insects is not only low and cruel, but wrong and sinful.

These traits of mercy in children will abate many a cruel and criminal deed in after life.

O. H. Riggs.

Institutions are made of men, men's characters determine institutions.

We may joke when we please if we are always careful to please when we joke.

Men have no right to complain of evils which they themselves are competent to remedy by more common sense coupled with more common humanity.

Coleridge.

The humble man, though surrounded with the scorn and reproach of the world, is still in peace, for the stability of his peace resteth not upon the world, but upon God.

Thomas A Kempis.

HOME.

i85 HOME LAWNS AND SHRUBS.

Having laid out the walks, the next step will be to prepare the plats for sowing.

The parts intended for lawns must be very thoroughly cultivated, and should be well manured.

If the land is new, break it as soon as possible in the Spring, or after a heavy storm in the Fall.

Then before sowing spread plenty of well rotted manure, and plow or dig once or twice.

Harrow, until all the clods are broken, and the soil in good working condition.

Where the ground is stony, rake once or twice before sowing, and throw the stones into the bed of the walk.

As a final preparation, fill up all hollows, by cutting down high places, and make the plat even, with an inclination in two directions.

This must be done for the purpose of irrigating.

Care must be taken to have not too much slope, as then the land will wash away and be made uneven.

Too much care cannot be taken in these preliminary operations, as on their completeness will depend the success of the future work.

And as a lawn well made will last a lifetime or longer, and there will be no change to cultivate the soil, a little extra care can well be given now.

Many mixtures of seed are recommended for planting lawns.

All of them, no doubt, are good, but expensive and produce little or no better results than a simpler kind.

Mr. James Vick, one of America's most prominent florists, recommends Kentucky blue grass, white clover, and sweet vernal grass; our own experience would lead to the adoption of this mixture, as the first two make a good sod, and the latter will add a sweet odor.

They should be mixed in about this proportion:

blue grass, 7 parts; sweet vernal grass, 2; white clover,.

To those unacquainted with such work, this mixture will appear very disproportionate.

But the clover will be found to make as much show as the blue grass, on account of its spreading habit. Where it is desired to have green in a short time, more clover may be added, and the mixture can be modified to suit individual tastes.

Works on floriculture recommend from two to five bushels per acre, varied according to the quality of the soil.

For success here, we think one quart to the square rod a good rule, that may be modified where the soil is very rich.

When the seeds are measured, mix thoroughly, separating the lumps of grass, so that each kind will be found all through.

Sow before a storm if possible;

if not, whenever convenient.

Rake the surface well, and until all the seed seems to be covered.

In many places this last raking will bring to the top many small stones that should be removed.

Then go over the ground with a good roller, to pack the soil.

Where there is no roller convenient, it will be better to plant just previous to a rain, as that will settle the ground considerably.

Keep the ground irrigated, as the seed will bear considerable moisture in warm weather, and the young plants will grow much more rapidly if soaked two or three times a week.

Ease of watering will be a great assistance, and the simplest method should be adopted.

Along the higher side, place a wooden culvert large enough to carry plenty of water.

Let it be well braced, and have holes, or little notches, made through the side towards the lawn.

It might sometimes be convenient to run such a culvert through the centre of the plat, and water both ways.

To carry the water over the whole surface, make small rills, one or two feet apart, from the culvert across the bed.

Some modifications of these proceedings will suggest themselves, and where improvements, they should be adopted.

The necessity for irrigating will always be a barrier to perfection in landscape gardening.

We cannot follow nature as closelv as in regions where the rains are

1 86 HOME.

sufficient to provide all moisture.

In view of this fact, our operations will be modified, and critics must not be severe, where they find art adding the beauties that nature denies.

Still nature is our model, and we must copy her works as closely as circumstances will permit.

After the lawn is laid off, it should be ornamented by some shade and ornamental trees.

For the first purpose, boxelder, poplar, balm of gilead, elm, locust and others will be useful.

There should not be too many of such trees, and they should be interspersed with birch, linden, mountain ash, walnut, horse chestnut, silver maple, silver poplar, tamarix, etc., and with evergreens—pine, balsam, fir and arbor vitae;

deciduous shrubs lilac, hydrangea, snowball, and roses.

There are doubtless many native shrubs that can be transplanted to our gardens, and will be equal to some costly importations.

In planting trees and shrubs, a few items should be observed.

Do not put them in straight lines or formal figures, nor put all of one kind together.

Remember a grove of wood that you have seen, and you will see sometimes a thick grove of some kind, then another relieved by a towering monarch, then several of the latter in a clump.

Nor are they standing in any particular order.

Occasionally they seem to be set regularly, but there is enough deviation to relieve any stiffness.

To copy the beauty of native irregularity should be our first care, in planting both trees and shrubs.

When setting them in the ground be very careful to have the holes large enough that the roots may be spread as before moving.

Take the plants up carefully, and avoid breaking the small fibres, which are the capillaries to the large roots.

In their new situation, let them occupy all the space necessary.

Cover the roots carefully with good loam—not rocks—and keep well watered afterward.

If trees and shrubs are to be planted in the lawn, leave a space two or three feet in diameter that will be free from grass.

This is very important, as the grass is so vigorous, that it soon absorbs all the nourishment from the soil, and leaves nothing to support the struggling plant.

Evergreens will require to be shaded one or two years as our seasons are too dry and hot for them.

The shade of a tree will be enough protection, and if that is not at hand, a screen of canvas or evergreen boughs must be made.

With care in the matters mentioned, there is no reason why any one should not be able to raise many choice plants.

To complete the surroundings of the home, some flowers will be needed, and these can easily be grown.

From any reliable seedsman secure packets of seed of sweetwilliam, petunia, snapdragon, pansy, dwarf morning glory, dianthus, candytuft and mignonette.

Make a seed bed in warm, loose, loamy soil, and sow in rows four to six feet long and six inches apart.

In covering, be careful not to bury the seeds too deep, as they may rot.

Small seeds like petunia may be pressed in the ground with the hand, and a little fine soil sprinkled over them.

Most of the others should be covered about half an inch, but a little more will make no difference.

Keep the bed watered freely, and free from weeds. No special care will be needed until the plants are large enough to transplant.

As the season is advancing rapidly, we advise all who own a piece of land, to plant a few shade trees, shrubs and flowers.

It takes several years for trees and shrubs to reach a growth that makes them attractive, and we should not delay planting.

Most of the flowers mentioned above will bloom abundantly the first year.

No one will ever regret a few dollars expended in thus adding to the beauties of home, and his neighbors will respect him for his labors.

T.

Few are wise enough to prefer useful reproof to treacherous praise.

Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery by the doubling of our joy and the dividing: of our grief.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

BITS OF TRAVEL.

VIII.

BERN AND LUCERNE.

The Bernese Oberland attracts more pleasure seekers than any other portion of Switzerland.

The mountains about Interlaken are not so high but that their summits may be reached, even by the invalid lowlanders of New England, who think the ascent of Mount Tom a wonderful achievement.

That the invigorating air and the magnificent view from the top of the Jungfrau repays the effort required to climb it, admits of no doubt.

In the fall of the year when the sere and yellow leaf illumines the hills and vales, with the most brilliant lights and delicate shades, it is no wonder that the enraptured breast of the amateur writer is agitated with poetic fire, though it must be confessed smoke and ashes are oftener stirred up than flame.

From the balcony of the Federal Council Hall in Bern, the mountains of the Oberland are plainly seen, and the autumnal tints, of the dying vegetation below the snow line, present a charming contrast to the white peaks that rear their lofty summits above, like the snowball blossom waving over a bed of flowers.

Bern upon the Aare is a quaint old city, retaining, more than any other of the

Swiss towns do, its distinctive features that have characterized the canton, of which it is the capital, for generations past.

The economy of its builders is indicated by extending the upper stories of the houses over the sidewalks, forming arched promenades on all of the principal streets, and by using the space beneath the sidewalks for cellars, in which, one would suppose from the appetizing odors that arise between the flagstones, the chief article of storage is Schweizer Kase.

In the city the Bears'Den and the Old

Clock Tower are the most interesting features.

The latter is located in the centre of the street, and at the striking of the hours attracts a crowd of curious observers.

Just before the dial marks the hour, a cock steps out and crows, immediately after, a procession of bronze bears promenade before a stone figure representing Time, who turns the hour glass,when the cock crows again. As the bears pass, another figure strikes the hour, the cock crows a third time and the minute hand goes on its way round, until the next hour, when the proceeding is repeated.

The Bears'Den is a circular excavation about twenty feet deep and fifty feet in diameter, lined with a stone wall and surmounted with an iron railing.

Here the favorite and almost worshiped bears are kept, and have been from time immemorial, at the expense of the municipality.

An English officen while visiting the Den in 1861, became so much interested, in watching the maneuvres of bruin, that he lost his balance and fell over the railing into the den.

It was an unfortunate fall for him, for though fighting desperately, he was in a short time torn to pieces.

At Postgasse 33 is the headquarters of the Swiss and German mission.

There we found the president of the mission and one of the Elders, and being with them on Sunday we had the pleasure of meeting with the Swiss Saints and of speaking to them in English, which seemed to interest them very much, and indicated to us that it does not matter so much what one says if he only says it under the right spirit.

Returning as far as Olten by the road that leads from Basel to Bern, we were hurried on to the beautiful city of Lucerne.

These four leading cities of Switzerland;

Zurich, Basel, Bern and Lucerne are situated at about equal distances from each other on the circumference of a circle, the railroad centre of which is Olten.

It is almost impossible to get from one of these cities to another

I by rail, without passing through Olten.

ASSOC/A TION INTELLIGENCE.

The rapid flowing Reuss, that pours out from the lake of the Four Cantons, is spanned at Lucerne by four bridges, two modern and the others old and quaint in the extreme.

The latter are closely covered, are lined with interesting paintings, representing scenes in the lives of St.Leger and St. Maurice, patron saints of the canton, and events from the national history.

The Arsenal, one of the principal in the republic, is at the extremity of one of these bridges, and besides ten thousand stand of arms, contains the reputed bow and arrow of William Tell, with which he did so much to free his countrymen from the oppression of the

Austrian tyrant Gessler.

At the extremity of the town is the famous Lion of Lucerne, a magnificent sandstone statue of a dying lion, pierced with a broken lance.

It is cut out of the solid mountain, and executed by the celebrated Danish sculptor, Thorvaldsen, in commemoration of twenty-six officers and about eight hundred soldiers of the Swiss

Guard, who fell in defence of the Palace of the Tuilleries in Paris, in the year 1792.

The names of the soldiers are also inscribed on the face of the precipice.

From Lucerne the ascent of the Rigi, the most celebrated mountain of Switzerland, with the exception of Mt. Blanc, is made. A small steamer is taken, over an arm of the lake, to Vitznau, which is reached in half an hour, and from there the most wonderful railroad in the world has been built to convey tourists to the top of the mountain.

It winds its way through the town and around the mountain, rising at the rate of one foot in four to the summit, nearly four thousand five hundred feet, passing through a tunnel and at all points of the line, presenting a most beautiful view of mountain and lake.

At the top a magnificent hotel has been erected, at which many tourists find accommodations for a night every year.

The scene at sunrise and at sunset from this mountain is, beyond description, interesting and lovely;, the mountain chains around it can be plainly seen for three hundred miles, embracing every feature of Alpine scenery from the gentle sloping hills, upon which thousands of the small cattle of the country are browsing, to the rugged precipices, towering amid the clouds, arrayed in the whiteness of perpetual snow;

while in every direction the blue waters of charming little lakes are discovered, nestling in the crevices and forming mirrors of crystal clearness, in which the panorama of mountain heights is seen again.

The view from the Rigi is so grand that it entices, on an average, about forty-five thousand visitors annually.

De Vallibus.

ASSOCIATION Salt Lake City, March 3, 1880.

President John Taylor and Council of Apostles:

Dear Brethren.—Previous to holding the general semi-annual meeting of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, which is announced to be held during the approaching General Conference, we desire, by your request, to represent briefly the present status of the Organization, and to submit what in our INTELLIGENCE.

view seems necessary for its future prosperity.

The general inauguration of the Organization was in the summer of 1875, from which time until Decembers, 1876, about one hundred Associations were formed by Elders Junius F. Wells, Milton H.

Hardy, B.

Morris Young and John Henry Smith.

On December 8, 1876, the Centra Committee was organized in this cityi and conducted quite an extensive mis-

ASSOC/A T/ON INTELLIGENCE.

sionary labor among the young, during that and the following seasons, calling out about one hundred and fifty young men, many of whom then made their first effort to speak in public.

Their labors resulted in forming about one hundred more Associations, and in greatly encouraging those already in existence.

Until the summer of 1878, reports from all of these Associations were received direct by the Central Committee, except from Utah County, where a Stake organization had been effected, and a con- 'densed report was prepared.

In the Territorial tour made by Junius F. Wells and Milton H. Hardy during that summer, they visited every Stake in the Territory and effected similar central organizations to that in Utah County, appointing a Superintendent and

Secretary for each.

The excellent results of this system of organization were immediately felt;

for at the general semi-annual meeting held during the April Conference, 1879, there were representatives from eighteen out of the twenty Stake organizations present, and statistical reports were received from them all, showing that about two hundred and thirty Associations were in existence with a membership of more than nine thousand.

As will be seen from these figures the

Organization is very extensive, and from the character of its exercises exerts an influence, amounting to a power, in the community.

This power, consisting of the strength and vitality of the youth of

Zion, requires careful direction and proper application, in order that it may result in'advancing the interests of the Kingdom and assist in accomplishing the purposes of the Almighty on the earth.

So far as we are capable of judging, the inherent disposition of the youth is to be useful in these respects, and we believe the Associations, up to the present time, have encouraged and strengthened that disposition.

The good they are doing in the community is generally recognized by the local and general authorities, who feel that the Associations are indeed a help and support to them in their administrations.

That so large and important an Organzation requires the attention of interested officers, who are recognized as having authority to visit, counsel, advise, receive and make reports, call meetings and introduce systematic exercises requires no explanation.

While the Associations were being organized those directly called to the labor received every encouragement and felt great liberty in their proceedings, being recognized by the general authorities and greatly blessed in all their labors.

Latterly, however, as no special act of the Apostles has authorized the continuation of our efforts, and we feel that the interests of the Organization require the sanction and direct recognition of the Presiding Authority of the Church, we submit that it would be of great benefit to the Associations if at the approaching meeting you would give the matter your attention, and place the Organization upon a permanent footing that will be recognized by all, and that will insure the most satisfactory work being done among the youth.

With this in view, we respectfully suggest the following plan of organization as the most complete and likely to prove most useful.

First: An Advisory Committee, consisting of either three or five representative, interested, influential brethren, who shall stand at the head of the Organization and may be consulted singly or as a committee, on all questions of interest pertaining to it, but who cannot, from the nature of their other duties, give their attention to the details of receiving reports, organizing Associations, etc.

We would suggest that one or more of this Advisory Committee be chosen from the quorum of Apostles.

Second: A Territorial Central Committee, consisting of a President, two Counselors, Secretary and Treasurer, and of the Stake Superintendents, a working committee whose duty will be to attend to the details of the Organization,

igo ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

visiting, organizing,holding general meetings, receiving reports, etc.

Third:

Stake organizations, consisting of a Superintendent, two Counselors, Secretary and Treasurer.

Whose duties shall be to organize in their respective Stakes, visit Associations, hold quarterly meetings, receive reports, etc.

Fourth:

Ward Associations, consisting of a President, two Counselors, Secretary, Treasurer, Librarian and roll of members, who will hold regular weekly meetings, conduct and carry out systematic exercises, meet conjointly with the Young Ladies'Associations once a month and carry on the work of mutual improvement,as directed and counseled from time to time.

Except the Advisory Committee, this

Organization is already established, but very much desires recognition, and if deemed expedient, would like to be completed, in the manner suggested, at the approaching meeting, when we think general officers should receive your nomination and be sustained, and instructions given for the future working of the Associations.

Of the many brethren who have manifested great interest in the Associations, and who would receive the united support of all the members, as an

Advisory Committee, might be named, Elders Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher,

Robert T. Burton, Karl G. Maeser and

John R. Park.

Trusting we have not wearied you and that you will give these matters your attention, we subscribe ourselves very respectfully,

Your brethren in the Gospel, Junius F. Wells, Milton H. Hardy, Rodney C. Badger, President and Counselors of the Central Committee Y. M. M.

I. A.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The Fourth Semi-Annual General Conference of the Y. M. M.

I. Associations was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Tuesday evening, April 6, 1880.

On the stand were:

President John Taylor;

Apostles W.

Woodruff, C.

C.

Rich, F. D. Richards, Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher and Daniel H. Wells;

the presidency of the Salt Lake and Utah

County Stakes;

Junius F.

Wells and Milton H. Hardy of the Central Committee;

Superintendents T. H. Wilde, Box

Elder; Joseph A. West, Weber;

B. H.

Roberts, Davis; Wm. G. Brough, Morgan;

Jos.

H.

Felt, Salt Lake; M. H.

Hardy, Utah; and representatives from

Beaver, Juab, Sanpete, St.

George, Sevier, Summit, Tooele and Wasatch.

The hall was crowded with an attentive congregation.

Meeting called to order by Junius F.

Wells.

After singing and prayer, President Taylor addressed the meeting on the subject of mutual improvement, more particularly among the young men, and explained the "Suggestions of the Apostles "in relation to the Organization, which were read and are published in this issue of the Contributor.

He also spoke encouragingly of the work that.has been done, and pronounced his blessing upon those engaged in the education and elevation of the young.

At the conclusion of President Taylor's remarks, he nominated Apostle Wilford Woodruff as General Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations, and Apostles Joseph F. Smith and Moses Thatcher his Counselors.

The nominations were put and unanimously sustained.

Superintendent Woodruff then briefly addressed the meeting, expressing his interest in the work of mutual improvement among the young.

He called for the general statistical report, the totals of which were accordingly read by Junius

F. Wells.

[The complete tabulated report will be published in the June number.] After the reading of the report, Superintendent Woodruff made. a few remarks and called for a vote of the people to sustain the suggestions of the Apostles

A SSOCIA TION INTELLICENCE.

in relation to the Organization,which was unanimous.

A preamble and resolutions respecting cruelty to animals and the killing of birds was presented and read, and after a few words from President Taylor upon the matter, the sentiments expressed therein were voted upon..

The meeting was dismissed by prayer by President John Taylor.

SUGGESTIONS For the further organization of the Young Mens Mutual Improvement Association, by the Council of Apostles.

First.—This Institution must not interfere with the priesthood of any of its members; but each individual member must be subject to the quorum of which he may be a member, and to the regularly organized authorities of the Stake with which he is associated.

Second.—Every Stake Organization to be under the authority of the Stake organization of the priesthood in that Stake, and to have for its Superintendent a High

Priest selected by the President of the Stake and his Counselors, sanctioned by the High Council of the Stake, and voted for and sustained by the Stake Conference and Associations of the Stake.

Third.—This Stake Superintendent may call two or more persons to his assistance, who may or may not be High

Priests.

They shall be known as assistants or counselors, and shall be approved by the President of the Stake and his Counselors, sanctioned by the High

Council of the Stake, and sustained by the vote of the Stake Conference and Associations of the Stake.

Fourth.—The Twelve may appoint a

General Superintendent, from time to time, who may, when convenient, be one of their Council, who shall have the general superintendance of the Stake organizations.

Fifth.—The General Superintendent may direct the action of all Stake Superintendents, and preside over all the officers of the Associations in all the Stakes, and may have two of the Twelve, when convenient, as Counselors; and they may call upon such assistants, secretaries and other help, as may be required. The whole to be under the general superintendance of the Twelve as the presidency.

The editor of the Contributor and the paper to be subject to, and under the general direction of, the Superintendent and

Council.

All books used in libraries, for the use of the Association, to be inspected and approved by the General Superintendent and his Council, and all works containing skeptical, immoral or improper doctrines or principles, to be excluded therefrom.

Sixth.—The General Superintendent and Council to make arrangement for the purchase of books for the libraries and other purposes on the best possible terms and all profits arising therefrom, after paying the necessary expenses, to go for the use and benefit of the Associations who may order such books.

It must be understood that this Organization is not formed as a separate or distinct Church organization or body of piesthood, but for the purpose of mutual improvement of the members and all connected therewith.

ADDRESS.

.

Salt Lake City, April 14, 1880.

To the Officers and Members of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of Zion:

Dear Brethren.—Having been called to labor with you in the cause of mutual improvement, we beg leave to say that you have our hearty good will and warm support.

Consistent with our duties of a more extended nature, you shall have from us such assistance as we may be able, by way of encouragement, to render you.

We are pleased to learn that many of the Stake Superintendents are already High Priests.

Others will be ordained as circumstances may require, so that our Organizations shall conform strictly

A SSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

with the suggestions and instructions of the Presidency of the Church, as given by President Taylor at our recent Conference meeting, held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, on the evening of the 6th instant.

Desiring that everything connected with the various Associations may, as heretofore, move forward harmoniously, we respectfully suggest a careful and thorough study by all concerned of the instructions of the Presidency to us, as published in this number of the Contributor.

We have pleasure in naming as our assistants, with duties as heretofore, Brothers Junius F.

Wells, Milton H. Hardy and Rodney C.

Badger.

As Secretary, Brother Heber J. Grant, and as Treasurer, Brother Wm. S. Burton.

At your quarterly conferences we trust that you will sustain with your unanimous vote, these brethren to the offices herein named.

Under our supervision, we assign, with pleasure, to Brother Junius F. Wells the editing, publishing and management of the Contributor, a publication which we hope you will not only sustain by liberal subscriptions, but with your carefully written contributions.

It will be well, at your earliest convenience, to request the assistance of the Presidency of the Stake, in which you reside, to aid you in completing your

Stake Organization on the basis named in the instructions alluded to.

We are authorized, by the Council of the Apostles, to request the Presidency of the

Stakes, and we do so now, to ordain, when necessary, to the office of High Priest, those whom they and the High Council may nominate as Superintendents, and who have been sustained by vote, as required in the instructions named.

Praying God to bless, inspire and lead you by the unerring counsels of His Holy Spirit, we are your brethren and fellow laborers in the cause of Mutual Improvement.

Wilford Woodruff, Gen'l Sup't.

Joseph F. Smith, \jr tv i Counselors.

Moses Thatcher, j GENERAL AND STAKE OFFICERS OF THE

V. M. M.

I. A.

General Superintendent:

Wilford Woodruff.

Counselors:

Joseph F. Smith, Moses Thatcher.

Assistants to the General Superintendency: Junius F. Wells, Milton H. Hardy, Rodney C. Badger; Secretary, Heber

J. Grant; Treasurer, William S. Burton.

Stake Superintendents:

Bear Lake, Hyrum S. Woolley; Beaver, S. A. Wixom;

Box Elder, Thomas H.

Wilde;

Cache, George L. Farrell;

Davis, B. H.

Roberts; Juab, Thomas Crawley; Kanab, W.

D.

Johnson, Jr.;

Millard, Alma Greenwood; Morgan, Wm.

G. Brough;

Panguitch, David Cameron;

Parowan, John Parry, Jr.

Salt Lake, Joseph H.

Felt; Sanpete, J. F. Allred; St. George,

Miles P. Romney; Sevier, D. E. Harris;

Summit, Oscar F. Lyons; Tooele, Henry

B. Haynes;

Utah, Milton H. Hardy;

Wasatch, David L. Murdock; Weber, Jos. A. West.

Hugo Daniel Wells, first-born son of Junius F. and Helena Wells,was made welcome to this mundane sphere by an overjoyed household on Sunday morning,

April 4, 1880.

He has seemed, up to the present writing, to thoroughly enjoy the new life, making himself quite contented with his surroundings.

He commences his earthly existence under favorable circumstances, at a period in the world's history that foretells many changes, revolutions of society, and the downfall of antiquated and effete governments, as well as the firm establishment and final triumph of the Government of God. We wish him a successful and prosperous career, and that in all his days he may be found with the faithful, combatting error and sin, and devoting his strength, from childhood to old age, to the cause of Right and Universal Liberty among men.

Wrath is cruel and anger is outrageous but who is able to stand before envv.