VOL.

II.

JANUARY, i88i The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE REPRESENTING THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

OFFICE:

15 EAST TEMPLE STREET, FIRST DOOR NORTH Ol

Z. C. M. I.

TERMS:—Two Dollars a Year, in Advance.

Single Copies, Twenty Cents.

Club Rates:—Associations getting up clubs of TEN will receive an extra copy, free;

for a club of fifteen, Volume One, handsomely bound, will be given; and for a club of twenty-five, Volume ONE and Volume Two, in uniform bindings, will be given.

Subscriptions will commence with the beginning of the volume, unless otherwise ordered.

Bound copies of VOLUME One, for sale, price $2.50.

Address:

JUNIUS F. Wells, P. O. Box 305, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Remittances should be made by P.

<9> Money Order or Registered Letter^

TH£ CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JANUARY, 1881.

PAGE.

The Scientific Test, W.

IV. Taylor.

Chemistry of a Candle •.

Quebec Leaves from the Tree of Life.

Fourth Leaf C. W. Penrose Travels in Italy IV.

The Sights of Venice De Vallibiis Nephite Apostates:

IV.

Zoram R William Shakspeare Viva The University of Deseret:

IV R.

IV. Sloan no Incongruities of Labor....Befipo Silk Culture in Utah Geo. D. Pyper Tapestry Youths'Companion Ancient Manuscripts Ann Fellows...

Modesty Y.L. Companion. 16th Ward Getting Married in Germany January Atlantic Past, Present, Future H. W.N.

Editorial:

Getting Rich A Happy New Year Amethyst Association Intelligence:

New Testament Subjects..J/z7/7w H. Hardy

The Nine Bibles of the World 'John Thorgierson....;

Publications Received Hebrew Captivity and Constancy

E. H. Anderson.

Fish Wagons,Buggies and Phaetons, <Uie World I[enowned J.

I. Case Ihreshing JAaahines in three styles, Eclipse,

Jlpron or Vibrator, with the celebrated (Pitts or Woodbury JlLounted or (Down (Power.

27ie J.

I. Case Chilled (Plows, Steel Ijeam (Plows and Harrows.

Jlvery Q-ang, Sulky and Walking- (Plows, Cultivators.

J, I. Case QThreshers and Horse (Powers, Etc.

KELLY STEEL BARB FENCE WIRE, \A\

Paintefl ail Galvanized.

tip I keep none but First Class Goods, and Guarantee all I Sell.

SEKTrj "FOR PRICE LIST TO EITHER

JOHN W. LOWELL, JOHN W, LOWELL, I JOHN W. LOWELL, OGDEN.

SALT LAKE CITY.

I Terminus TJ. & N. R. R.

AD VERTISEMENTS.

MANUFACTURERS OF Piain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET, lN"e2ct to Tenningrs «Sc Sons.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, ^Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CJTY, UTAH EAGLE HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY.

S.P.TEASDEL Wholesale and Retail Dealer In DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, BOOTS, SHOES, HARDWARE, NOTIONS, AND ALL KINDS OF GENE3AL MERCHANDISE.

JOSLIN & PARK, Watchmakers, Jewelers i Opticians.

Dealers in Watches, Clocks, Jewelry, Solid Silver and Silver Plated Ware for table, Ornamental service and COMMUNION SETS.

Our Link of Optical Goods is Complete.

Sole Agents for JOHNSTON'S SPECTACLES.

Eyes Fitted by the Patent Telescopic Eye Tester.

Manufacturing and Repairing in all branches by Skilful Workmen.

JOSLIN & PARK.

150 East Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

©.

:p. teasdel, EAST TEMPLE STREET, F. 0- BOX, 352.

ADVLR TISEMEA TS.

IDAHO STORE Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER E>lfcXC33 $25.

KNITS A SOCK IN ^ MINUTES.

,Can'teach you to Knit in ONE HOUE.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

f.

300 VARIETIES!

4 Ton Scales, $6o, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc., JOH1T ~W. SHELL.

\i One Block South of Theatre.

P. O. Box 519 THE OGDEN PIPE CO, Is now prepared to furnish the

HORTON WATER PIPE In large or small quantities, at prices ranging from ONETHIRD to ONE-HALF the cost of IRON.

'Farmers, Miners, Municipal Aurhorilies and all Corporations or Individuals Requiring

Should send for Circulars and Prices before purchasing elsewhere.

We guarantee our pipe to last as long,s>ustain as much pressure, and to equal in all, and excel In many respects the very best standard iron pipe manufactured.

It combines LIGHTNESS WITH STRENGTH, AND CHEAPNESS with DURABILITY.

And where constantly used, will last for generations.

It ran be laid at a nominal cost and sent to distant points at one-fourth the cost for transportation of iron tubing*.

For particulars, prices, &c„apply to

THE OGDEN PIPE CO., Ogden,Utah.

FACTORY AT SOUTH BEND, INDIANA.

MANUFACTURERS OF FARM, FREIGHT and SPRING WAGONS •'Carriages and.

ZBiag-gles.

ANY SIZE AND STYLE OF WHICH, WE BUILD TO SPECIAL ORDER.

Salt Lake (Branch House. joins Z. C. M.

I. south, Salt Lake City.

Our Wagons will be found at the following named points:

ZION'S BOARD OF TRADE, Logan, Cache Countv.

PARIS CO-OP. INSTITUTION, Paris, Idaho.

SANPETE BOARD OF TRADE, H. Jensen, Manti, A. Matsen, Mt. Pleasant.

G. H. CROSBY, Leeds, Utah.

SEARS, LIDDLE & Co., Park City.

JAS. E. FOOTE, Ogden.

M. W. FOY, Panguitch.

J.

S. BLACK, Deseret, U. T.

O. NORTH, Evanston.

LEVAN CO-OP, Levan.

J. C. ROUNDY, Wanship and Coalville.

GEORGE PATTON, Payson.

J. NIELSON, Washington.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

II.

JANUARY, 1881.

No.

4.

THE SCIENTIFIC No matter how corrupt persons maybe, or how little effort they may make to merit the title of being good, there are none so far lost to a desire for the respect of their fellow beings as to have no pleasure in the expression of their fellows, that they have said a good word or performed a good deed.

And, on the other hand, when they are regarded as wrongdoers, and feel conscious of the justice of that opinion, they experience a degree of regret, according to the offense and the condition of the transgressor.

It would seem, under these circumstances, an easy matter to influence persons to do good, where the good is attended with pleasure and the evil with pain; and it would be so, were it not that the opinions of men differ as to the standard of truth and error, and consequently as to what is good and what is bad.

As instances of this, there are hundreds of different religions upon the earth, all professing to pattern after the doctrines of our Savior.

Sometimes the anomaly occurs of two nations, both calling upon the same God, in the name of the same Savior, praying and fighting against each other.

This was most strikingly illustrated during the great war of the rebellion.

The Northern Methodists were praying for the North, and fighting their brethren of the South, and vice versa, though both professed, not only to be Christians, but were of the same sect and denomination.

Yet the Southerner, who fought in the defense of what he conceived to be the right, would do so with as much sincerity, and would feel as great pleasure in knowing that he had TEST.

done his part well, as the Northerner, who, in going to battle on the other side, was crushing out a rebellion that was likely to have disrupted the Union.

In the so-called exact sciences, a careful study of the principles which govern the elements investigated, produces a unity of results.

As an example, if a chemist who thoroughly understands the science of chemistry gives an analysis of a grain of wheat, the same results would be given of similar grains by as many chemists as would analyze them;

or, if they did not, the conclusion would follow, either that chemistry was not a true science, or that some of the chemists, or all of them, were ignorant of its principles.

Other examples might be quoted, but the above illustrates the idea I wish to convey, and the reader may multiply examples at pleasure.

The particular point to which I wish to draw attention is, that the chemist strictly conforms to the rules of the science, and declares the result after he has applied the principles he professes to believe.

One might conclude, since such exactness and unity can be attained by study, surely study, or learning, is the key by which mankind may arrive at- a standard of unity on all questions that affect them;

and the conclusion that naturally follows is, as it is impossible for all men to become learned in the principles that affect the welfare of man, here and hereafter, a few must be employed to study for the rest.

This is the conclusion that mankind seem to have adopted, in this generation, in regard to the science called Theology.

9 8 THE SCIENTIFIC TEST Thousands of men are employed to tell their fellows what course of life is necessary here, to enjoy the greatest degree of happiness hereafter; and strange to say, though these teachers are as assiduous jn their research as are the professors of other sciences, they do not agree.

Shall we apply the same test to them as to the others?

If so, which is wrong, the professors or the science?

So far as Christianity is concerned, they acknowledge that Jesus Christ was the prototype of perfect humanity, and that the Scriptures were and are the guide; and that upon the observance of the teachings laid down in them depends the eternal welfare of man.

One would think, under these circumstances, that the science of Theology would be narrowed down to a very easy study.

Yet, as before remarked, there are hundreds of different denominations, all making these professions.

Since the learning of man, then, has failed to discover a plan by which man may arrive at a unity of knowledge concerning this most important question, let us study for a moment the principles of this science, as they were practiced anciently, and learn, if we can, how the ancients arrived at a certainty as regards the truth of the science of Theology.

I will make a quotation from the Scriptures, which the people of Christendom profess to hold in such reverence: "The wisdom of this world is foolishness with God."As God is the founder of the intelligence that we hope to become possessed of, how discouraging this must be to the men who have spent their lives in study to prepare themselves to teach the will of God, and to those who have employed them;

to know that their research has been vain, and that in so doing, so far as they depend upon the wisdom of man for the light they sought, they were departing from the principles of the science they were studying.

Again:

"For what man knoweth the things of man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God no man knoweth, but the Spirit of God.""As the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts higher than your thoughts."The way then broadens before us, and we begin to realize the futility of human wisdom, unaided, in attaining the desired object.

We are entering the threshold of the science of Theology, and if we are honestly desirous of arriving at a knowledge of the truth, we will lay aside the tenets of men, and seek unto the Great Fountain Head for the desired intelligence, profiting by the experience of those who have enjoyed the blessings that we desire.

When we have firmly decided upon this course, how easy the next lesson seems:

"If any man will do His will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."They did know of the doctrine anciently;

there was no question with them in regard to the testimonies they had, but they enjoyed a glorious certainty concerning the truths that they professed to practice and teach, and with which the bickerings and disunion of the professed

Christian world of the present day presents a sorry contrast.

If they did "know of the doctrine,"they must have done the will of the Father.

What, then, did they do?

This was the thought that suggested itself to the multitude gathered on the day of Pentecost, when observing the effects of obedience to the principles of the science of Theology upon the disciples gathered in an upper room.

The Apostle Peter said, in answer to their inquiry: "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call."

Peter, you will remember, had been teaching them faith on the Lord Jesus, and Him crucified, and they manifested their faith by asking what they should do to be saved.

It may be well to remark here, that Peter answered from his own experience, having a perfect knowledge of the efficacy of the principles taught to the end

THE SCIENTIFIC TEST.

desired.

And when those principles were obeyed by the assembled multitude, they also received the same satisfaction as did Peter and his associates, concerning the truth of the principles they had embraced;

and they were consequently no longer dependent upon the testimonies of others, but all repentant and obedient believers "knew of the doctrine for themselves,"being possessed of the

Spirit of God, they knew of the things of God.

The Savior, in sending forth His apostles anciently, said:

"Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature.

He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

And these signs shall follow them that believe:

in -my name shall they cast out devils, they shall speak with new tongues, they shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover."The professors of Christianity philosophize this away, together with numerous other passages of similar import, saying that these gifts and this knowledge are no longer essential; and the hundreds of different professors of Christianity offer us in their place the harrowing uncertainty of the precepts of men.

What do the chemists and other scientists say to this?

They say: The principles of science are eternal.

Though many of them are of but recent discovery, they always existed, and would always have produced similar results, under the same circumstances, had men possessed the knowledge of properly applying them.

Does this same principle apply to the science of Theology?

A young man in this the nineteenth century, anxious to gain a knowledge of how to do the will of the Father, but harassed by the conflicting opinions of men, went to the Father and asked Him how he could obey His will.

He obtained the desired information, and a commission, after first rendering obedience himself, to go and teach others.

The believers in his testimony, as the disciples anciently, testify that Theology is a true science, from actual experience, and not only is their obedience followed by an unquestionable testimony of the truth of the principles they have embraced, but their testimonies are confirmed by the gifts and blessings following the believer, as promised and realized anciently.

Our fathers and mothers are those disciples.

You may imagine how they appreciate those grand and glorious, yet pure and simple principles of light and emancipation, after a long night of darkness.

Fancy them being in the midst of an apostate Christianity, reading of the blessings of the Gospel, as enjoyed anciently, and feeling in their hearts that could they have enjoyed such blessings, no sacrifices would have been too great.

Yet they were complacently told by their religious teachers that those blessings were reserved for a favored few who had lived in former days.

Can we wonder, my young brethren and sisters, that some of us do not have as great testimonies as our parents have had?

How different are our circumstances.

They, hungering and thirsting after a knowledge of the will of God, but unsatisfied until the Gospel found them; we, surrounded by friends, anxious that we may embrace the principles that have been the means of so much joy and consolation to them.

We cannot fully appreciate the blessings we enjoy, perhaps, as they could, any more than a man can appreciate pure air, who has never breathed any other.

But, thank God, the principles have been demonstrated to be true, and we can prove our appreciation of the truths of the Gospel by our faithfulness in obeying the true principles of Theology, and that our fathers'and mothers'examples have not been in vain; and we can also prove the truth of the Scriptures, both ancient and modern, and of the teachings of the servants of God in our day.

W.

IV. Taylor.

He submits himself to be seen through a miscroscope who suffers himself to be caught in a passion.

IOO

CHEMISTRY OF A CANDLE.

CHEMISTRY OF A CANDLE.

To illustrate some of the following facts, a candle of any kind may be used.

When it is lighted and fairly burning we will notice that the grease or wax around the wick is melted, and to keep this from flowing down the side there is a little rim all around the outside, and this makes a little cup of the top of the candle.

The flame causes the wax to melt around the wick, but the farther from the wick the less will be the heat, and hence the wax on the outside is not melted down so fast as that nearer the centre, thus leaving it in the shape of a rim.

The candle gradually burns away, as fast as the heat melts it down;

so the melted wax must be carried up into the flame in some way, to keep it going.

The wick is made of cotton, which consists of numberless little fibres placed very close together, but still there are small spaces between them, and through these the liquid wax is drawn up into the flame.

This is on the same principle that water is drawn up into a towel, so as to wet the whole of it, when only one end is in the water.

When a lump of sugar is placed in water so as to touch on only one side, the whole lump in a few minutes will be completely saturated.

This force which draws up liquids through small spaces and pores, is called capillary attraction.

As the liquid passes up the wick into the flame it undergoes another change;

it is now turned into a vapor, or gas, thus going through three stages;

first it was solid, then liquid, and now gaseous.

It is this vapor that burns, producing both heat and light; and to prove this we may blow out the 4candle, and we shall notice a column of smoke and vapor rising above the wick, and by applying a lighted piece of paper or a match just above the wick, but so as not to touch it, the candle lights again;

that is, the vapor rising from the wick takes fire and communicates the flame to the wick itself.

By placing the hand just above the flame, at a safe distance, a current of hot air will be distinctly felt, and the direction this current takes may be very readily determined by holding in it a piece of tissue paper, a feather, or some very light substance, and the way this bends will at once indicate the direction.

The effect of heat on the air, or on any substance, is to expand it, and hence to make it lighter.

So the heated air rises, and gives place to more air from below, thus causing a constant upward current, along the outside of the candle; when the rising air reaches the rim of the cup, it turns inward from all sides to the flame, and thus gives it a conical shape, that is, large at the base and tapering to a point above.

The flame looks like one continuous mass from side to side, but this is not so, and on close examination we are surprised to find that the flame itself is not thicker than the peel of an apple, and the whole interior gives no light at all, but is composed of gas.

Along the wick where the wax is transformed into gas, we have gas works on a miniature scale, and this gas coming in contact with the currents of air outside takes fire, and thus produces the flame.

To prove that the flame is hollow, we may insert a straw or tube of some kind into its interior, and thus conduct the gas through it so that it may escape at the other end.

Here we may apply a light, and the gas takes fire and burns with a flame, just like that of the candle itself.

There is another way to prove that the interior is hollow, and this may be done by pressing a piece of paper down over the flame for a few seconds, and then removing it.

After rubbing away the soot that has collected, it will be seen that the paper is scorched in a circle, while the centre is not burnt at all; showing very plainly that the interior is a gas, and only the exterior is the part that burns.

But in order that anything may burn, it must be exposed to the air, or rather, to the oxygen contained in the air, and forming only about one-fifth of it.

If a bottle is placed over a candle, so as to keep out air, the flame soon grows dim, and then goes out altogether.

This experiment may be made more interesting

CHEMISTRY OF A CANDLE.

by placing a short piece of candle on a dish, or piece of wood, so as to float on water, and, after lighting it, placing a wide-mouthed bottle over it so as to touch the water.

The flame soon goes out, but at the same time the water begins to rise in the jar, until it is about one-fifth full.

If we now test the air left within, we find it to be composed almost wholly of nitrogen, the other main constituent of the atmosphere, and showing plainly that the oxygen was all that the flame wanted to keep it alive.

We now see why the gas does not burn in the centre, or around the wick, where it is produced.

There is no air here with oxygen in it;

but in floating outward it finally does come in contact with air, and then it burns, producing the bright shell or peel of flame on the outside.

We also see why wood and coal do not burn well in our stoves and fireplaces unless there is a good draft, so as to supply the fuel with all the oxygen it needs to cause it to burn.

But the oxygen of the air is always in contact with wood, coal, tallow and wax, and why do they not take fire at any time?

Before the oxygen can unite with the carcoal in wood, wax, etc., it must be heated up to a high temperature, and then by uniting with the charcoal or carbon, it produces heat enough to keep up the combustion until it is consumed.

Some substances unite with the oxygen at a much lower temperature than others, as phosphorus, sulphur, etc.

As an illustration of this, we have the common match, which is tipped with phosphorus and sulphur.

By rubbing any two bodies together briskly heat is produced, as when one warms his hands on a cold day by rubbing them violently together.

So when we rub a match against a rough surface, the friction produces heat enough to set fire to the phosphorus, and this in burning generates a still greater heat, enough to light the sulphur, and this in burning kindles the wood.

So in kindling a fire we use paper, shavings, dry wood and then coal, each of which burns more easily than the one that follows, but at the same time produces heat enough to kindle the next.

Sometimes a lamp or candle smokes;

this may occur when the wick is too large in the candle, and generates too much gas, so that a great deal of the carbon cannot find enough oxygen to unite with while it is yet hot.

The wick of the lamp may be turned up too high, causing too large a supply of gas for the oxygen that can have access to it.

The gas made from the melted wax is decomposed by the heat into a variety of substances; one of these is coal, or carbon, but here we call it soot;

as this soot floats about in the hot flame it is heated white hot, and hence gives out light, until it comes to the outside of the peel of flame where it unites with the oxygen, forming an invisible gas, called carbonic acid gas, which mixes in the air and always forms a very small part of it, about the one twenty-five hundredth.

But in this union of carbon and oxygen, a great deal of heat is generated, and thus keeps up the supply, so as to raise the temperature of the rest of the carbon to a red or white heat, and so it continues to give out a constant light, until the candle is used up entirely.

Another substance found in the gas inside the flame is hydrogen; but this does not exist in solid particles like the soot, as it is under all circumstances a gas.

It will unite with oxygen, the same as carbon, and produce very great heat, accompanied, however, with very little light, as it makes very little difference to how high a temperature any gas is heated, it will give out only a very feeble light.

In order, then, to get light out of heat, we must have some solid substance like soot, and raise it to a red or white heat.

There is a flame called the oxy-hydrogen flame, produced by burning hydrogen and oxygen together; but as these are both gases, there is^ no solid to give light, and hence, although it is one of the hottest flames known, it can hardly be seen in daylight.

Yet from this has been produced one of the most brilliant lights known, by inserting in the flame a piece of lime, which is thus raised to a brilliant white heat, and gives off a very intense light.

It is also on this same principle that

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

the electric light is constructed.

The current of electricity, on passing through the air between the two ends of the wires leading from the machine, encounters great resistance, and is transformed into heat; but in order that this may give as much light as possible, the ends of the wires are made of carbon, which raised to a white heat produce the intensely brilliant light.

When a candle or lamp smokes, the flame appears nearly white below, but the nearer the apex it becomes darker, and at the apex will be seen rising a cloud of black smoke.

In this case, the supply of oxygen is sufficient only at the base, and there heats up the soot to a white heat; but higher up the heat becomes less in proportion to the amount of gas, and hence the carbon is heated only to a red heat, and finally, when it rises still higher, it cools off so much that no light at all is given off, and here we have black smoke.

When you put in the flame any cold substance, as a piece of wood or iron, it is soon covered with soot.

The red and white hot particles of carbon floating about come in contact with the cold surface, and there they collect after being cooled off.

When a candle burns away it seems to go into nothing; but this would be impossible, as not a single atom of matter can be annihilated, nor a single atom created.

As explained before, the carbon unites with the oxygen, forming carbonic acid.

This gas will always unite with lime, forming limestone; and whenever lime water is impregnated with it, a white substance is formed, which settles to the bottom, and on examination this proves to be limestone.

In the experiment with the candle and inverted bottle, mentioned above, we may use lime water, and immediately it becomes somewhat milky in appearance, showing"clearly the presence of carbonic acid.

Another compound formed in the burning of a candle, however strange it may seem, is water.

The hydrogen unites with the oxygen in the exact proportions to form water, which, however, in consequence of the extreme heat does not pass off as a liquid, but as a vapor, forming a part of the atmosphere.

We can prove that water is made in the burning of a candle by placing a long cold glass tube over the flame, and immediately a mist collects on the side of the tube, and in a short time little drops of water are plainly seen.

In lighthouses, where large quantities of oil are burned, the water forms in large drops on the windows, and there freezes on a cold night, and looks like so many beautiful fern impressions, such as we may see on almost any window on a cold morning.

Quebec, LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

FOURTH LEAF.

The ordinances of the Gospel, being of divine origin, require divine authority in their administration.

Baptism at the hands of one not appointed to attend to it is void.

It is therefore without value and without effect.

If any unauthorized person were to lay hands upon a baptized believer, even if the correct form of the ordinance were observed, the Holy Ghost would not flow to the subject.

No matter how good the intentions of either party might be, the lack of authority would vitiate the whole transaction.

No company, firm, society, court or government would acknowledge, or become responsible for the acts of any but its duly appointed and properly accredited agents. Why then should the Great King endorse the doings of men who take upon themselves duties not required of them, or bestow, through their unauthorized performance, blessings that belong only to the administrations of His chosen ambassadors?

It is strange that intelligent persons who clearly perceive the necessity of valid authority in human affairs, should imagine that it is not necessary in divine affairs;

that while no earthly potentate

LEA VES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

iowould be expected to pay the slightest attention to the proceedings of any pretended representative of a nation or ruler, the Eternal Monarch of the

Universe must needs honor the acts of any individual of a devotional cast of mind, who chooses to perform ceremonies and ordinances in His great name.

A man may have such faith in God as to obtain choice blessings, behold visions, receive heavenly gifts, and lay hold upon extraordinary spiritual powers, and yet have no right to administer any ordinance in the name of the Lord.

Man cannot acquire this authority;

it must be conferred upon him in the appointed way.

In every age when the Almighty has had a church or organized body of true worshipers on earth, He has sent among them men who were authorized by Him to act in Plis name.

Of such were Noah, Melchisedec, Abraham, Moses, Elijah, Peter, James and John, and many others.

They were not only endowed with the Holy Ghost, but were also appointed and set apart to administer needful rites in God's stead.

What they sealed on earth by this authority was sealed in heaven, and what they loosed on earth was loosed in heaven.

In other words, what they performed, as directed of God, was accepted by Him and was of the same force as though attended to by Him in person.

Any authority less than this is the same as no authority.

This delegated power from God to man is called the Priesthood.

Sometimes this term is used in reference to the men who hold this authority.

Properly speaking, however, it relates to the office rather than the person.

Melchisedec was a great High Priest, and the authority he held was eternal in its nature; without beginning of days or end of life.

It did not depend upon lineage either of father or mother, and it is written that he who holds it in faithfulness "abideth a priest continually;"that is, he retains it in this world, and also in the world to come.

Aaron received a Priesthood which was of another order, and that ran in a family line, descending from father to son, and was subordinate to the higher Priesthood after the order of Melchisedec.

John the Baptist held and administered in the Aaronic or lesser

Priesthood, but Jesus received and acted in the Melchisedec or higher Priesthood.

So John could baptize the repentant for the remission of sins, but could not confer the Holy Ghost as Jesus did.

In like manner, Philip, acting in the lessor Priesthood, could baptize the people of Samaria, but had to send for Peter or some other Apostle acting in the higher Priesthood, to come down and lay hands upon them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost.

Jesus did not take this authority upon himself although he was the Son of God.

"He glorified not himself to be made an

High Priest,"but his Father called him, saying, "Thou art a Priest forever, after the order of Melchisedec."Moses and Elijah held similar authority in their day and retained it when they left the sphere of mortality.

And they came and administered in that Priesthood to Jesus on the Mount of Transfiguration.

As the Father called him, so called he the Apostles, and so, under divine direction, they called and ordained others.

Thus the Priesthood in both orders or branches was continued in the early Christian Church, until, through transgression, it was taken from among men, and in iis place a spurious priesthood, destitute of divine authority, divine inspiration and divine power, was set up by ambitious and designing men.

This is'priestcraft, the base counterfeit of the true and heavenly coin.

When the Priesthood is once lost it cannot be regained merely by the hopes, wishes or acts of men.

No matter how strong a desire any one may have to benefit his fellow man, he must not attempt to administer to him any ordinance or ceremony of the Gospel unless called of

God so to do.

And this call does not come to man merely "in the heart"or the imagination.

A great many enthusiastic persons have felt themselves "called"to the ministry.

But this over-anxiety does not give them the Priesthood, any more than the strong wishes of a politician for the post of Minister to Berlin, clothes him

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

with authority to represent this government in the German Empire. The Priesthood is given by ordination.

When there is no man living in the flesh, who holds this authority, its restoration can only be effected by the administration of heavenly beings who formerly held it on the earth.

They can return when so permitted and instructed, as Moses and Elias did on the Mount.

But when the link is restored, they never step over the line of the two spheres for this purpose again, while there remains one man on earth holding the legitimate authority.

For God's house is a house of order, and the rights and powers of His Priesthood cannot be invaded with impunity either by mortal men or the heavenly hosts.

Under divine inspiration and certain rules and provisions, those who hold this Priesthood may ordain others by the laying on of hands.

Thus, while mankind are worthy of its administrations and accompanying blessings, it may be perpetuated in the earth, a medium of communication between God and man, a guide for the feet of erring mortals to the strait and narrow path that leadeth unto life.

Without it the inhabitants of the earth wander in spiritual darkness, and those who presume to step forward as their teachers are blind leaders of the blind, and all their administrations in the name of Him who never sent them are vain, worthless and without force or virtue in time or in eternity.

C. W. Penrose.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

IV.

THE SIGHTS OF VENICE.

South of the grand Piazza St. Marco, and opening on the Lagune is the Piazetta, a much smaller square, but the scene of great activity, and a place of rare historic interest.

The west side of the Piazetta is occupied by the magnificent Palace of the Doges or Dukes of Venice; opposite it the beautifully decorated facade of the Royal

Palace towers above the arcade shops on the pavement below.

In some respects the Ducal Palace is the most remarkable and interesting object in Venice.

It was the home of those regal potentates, who, though holding office by election, exercised for several centuries almost absolute authority in the Republic of Venice and when their executive power was transferred to the Council of Ten, it still afforded them a state residence, and was the shelter under which the famous inquisition operated, to the terror of state enemies and the destruction of many families.

The building was first erected in the ninth century, and has been destroyed five times, and as often re-erected in a style of greater magnificence than before.

The present sumptuous structure is built in the Venetian-Gothic style, and was commenced in the fourteenth century.

It is at the present time undergoing repairs.

The front toward the Piazetta, consists of a double colonnade of red marble, one above the other, and arched between the columns.

The mouldings of the column capitals, and the vaulting, is in exquisite taste, and is exceedingly rich; the capitals being decorated with foliage, figures of men and beasts, etc., carved by artists of distinction and ability.

Between two of the upper columns the sentences of death, decreed by the Council of Ten, were announced, the people thronging the space below eager to hear whose turn had come for the arrest, trial and conviction of relatives and friends often occurred without the knowledge of their most interested connections, and were conducted with such secresy, that the first intimation of any crime being done would be the declaration of the sentence from the porch, which was speedily executed.

The grand stairway that leads to the interior, called the "Giant Steps"—from the colossal statues of Mars and Neptune at the top—is in every respect a magnificent approach to the elegant and

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

costly apartments above.

On the upper landing of this stairway the Doges were formerly crowned.

The large rooms and halls throughout the first and second stories are repositories of the best paintings of the modern artists of Venice. The older masters'works, that formerly embellished the walls, were destroyed by fire in the year 1577;

but the paintings of Tintoretto, Palma the Elder, and Paul Veronese, which have taken their places, are perhaps equal, if not superior to many that preceded them.

In the large room, where the nobles of the Republic, who had their names written in the "Golden Book,"and who constituted the highest legislative authority, sat in council, are portraits of seventysix Doges, and above twenty historical pictures, to commemorate the achievements of the Republic.

The great painting called "Paradise,"by Tintorretto, is also in this saloon.

It is said to be the largest oil painting in the world, and represents a multitude of figures.

Among the faces, the caprice of the artist is shown, in painting the portrait of his wife, as an angel in paradise, a prisoner in purgatory, and a fiend in hell.

Perhaps he intended to represent her in the various moods wives are sometimes subject to.

In the other rooms, those once occupied by the Councils of Three, and Ten and the Senate, the series of historical paintings is continued;

the events in the lives of the Doges Sebastiano Ziani and

Enrico Dandolo, whose achievements in the twelfth and early part of the thirteenth centuries are held in much honor, occupying the principal places.

Among these pictures, the "Last Judgment,"by Palma, and "Rape of Europa,"by Paul Veronese, attract universal attention, by their fine coloring and the animation thrown into them, which seems almost to make the canvas speak.

In a small saloon, containing one or two fine pictures, is shown an opening in the wall, which once contained a lion's head, in marble;

this room was formerly the anti-chamber of the three inquisitors of the Republic, and documents containing secret information were thrown into the open mouth of the lion's head, and in too many instances it was not long after, until the parties informed upon, felt that they had fallen into the lion's clutches.

The Doges Palace not only afforded a home for the grandees of the nation, but was also the prison, torture and slaughter house for the offenders of the nation.

Many of the rooms above the ground receive their only glimmering of light through latticed bars of iron.

These were the prisons of the light-offenders, but thirty feet below the watery street, the whole basement of the great palace is a labyrinth of dark and winding aisles and dungeons, into which were cast and bound, conspirators against the government, or persons obnoxious to the ruling families.

It makes one shudder to remember the cold, damp and utterly dark cells, with their barbarous furnishings and instruments of torture with which they were supplied.

Most of the latter were destroyed when the Republic fell into the hands of Napoleon, 1797.

Yet we were permitted to see the "rack"on which persons were torn limb from limb, the "guillotine,""thumbscrew"and "bracelets,"the latter with sharp points inside, were made to fasten round the arm or ankle, and could be tightened by a screw at the pleasure of the attendant.

The prison under the palace not being sufficient, in the sixteenth century a very large and gloomy building was erected on the west, separated from the palace by a narrow canal which leads to the open Lagune.

The two buildings are connected by a lofty arched bridge,which is covered and enclosed, having but two barred windows through which the light of day feebly penetrates.

This is called the "Bridge of Sighs,"and is appropriately named, for our guide told us that prisoners passing from the judgment chambers in the palace, to the prison beyond the bridge, were "privileged"to look out between the iron bars of the small windows as they passed.

It was the last of daylight they would ever see.

Leaving the Ducal Palace, and walking upon the paved esplanade that leads to the extreme eastern part of the city, we soon reach the arsenal, which once em-

io6 TRA VELS IN ITAL Y.

ployed sixteen thousand workmen, but now about two thousand.

Before the entrance are four mammoth lions carved from the native marble, and brought from

Piraeus in 1687; the largest of them was covered with inscriptions, now illegible, and is supposed to have stood on the battle field of Marathon.

The arsenal contains many stand of arms, trophies of historic interest, flags and banners taken in battle, armor of several doges, old fashioned weapons, instruments of torture, the iron helmet of Attila, king of the Huns, a model of an ancient Venetian vessel and of the piles on which the city is built, also the remains of the "Bucentoro,"the vessel from which the doges annually performed the ceremony of "wedding the Adriatic."This was done by throwing a ring, dedicated for the purpose, into the sea, and was a time honored custom, attended with great pomp and display.

The Academy of Fine Arts in Venice, contains some of the most celebrated and beautiful pictures in the world, among them the works of Bellini, and the masterpiece of Titian, called the "Assumption of Mary,"also the first painting of the great artist, executed when he was fourteen years old, and the unfinished effort of his later years, the last he attempted to paint, when ninety-nine years of age.

The numerous paintings representing scenes in the life of the Savior, by artists of all grades, from the great masters down, constitute a prominent feature in the Venetian gallery.

"The adoration of the Savior,"by Paul Veronese, is one of the most beautiful of them all.

It represents Mary sitting above with the infant Savior in her arms, while below, upon a high pedastal stands the childish form of John the Baptist, with a fur skin thrown over his back for clothing.

Around these central figures are grouped Joseph of Arimathea, Zacharias and Elizabeth and St.

Thomas.

The picture is one of fine coloring, and the expression is free from the sanctimonious cant, which, not confined to the sectarian preaching of the world, finds its way into the pictures made by sectarian artists.

It would be impossible to describe the paintings that have been gathered into the great galleries of Italian cities, there are thousands of them, ranged one above another, upon miles of wall, dedicated to the exhibition of the fine arts.

Venice has her share, and weeks might be spent in gazing upon them, and studying out the lessons they are designed to teach.

The great churches of Venice, besides the cathedral of St. Mark, are the Frari, which contains the splendid tombs of Titian and Canova, and most costly and elegant chapels and altars, paintings, statues and carvings;

the church of Ste.

Maria della Salute, built in commemoration of the plague of 1630, also contains some fine pictures and sculpturing;

St.

John and St. Paul is the name of a very imposing and magnificent church edifice, which contains the vaults of the doges, and is the repository of the most noble

Venetian dust that falls into decay. This church is the Westminster Abbey of Venice;

the tombs of her illustrious rulers, generals, and men of mark are here, and are built in a manner that testifies of the love the living have had for their honored dead, and of the rare appreciation of art and cultivation of taste that have made the canvas and marble the preservers of Italian fame, and have exalted her artist sons to the highest place in the praise of all nations.

De Vallibus.

Better have large feet than a small understanding.

Happiness is often at our side and we pass her by; Misfortune is far off and we rush to meet her.

Once to be wild is not a foul disgrace,

The blame is to pursue the frantic race.

Nor do I blush to own my follies past,

But own those follies should no longer last.

Every young man should remember that the world will always honor industry.

The vulgar and useless idler, whose energies of body and mind are rusting for want of occupation, may look with scorn upon the laborer engaged at his toil; but his scorn is praise, his contempt honor.

NEPHITE APOSTATES.

NEPHITE IV.

ZORAM.

It is generally admitted in theory, though seldom honored in practice, that no "religion can be studied with profit except in the very words of its own votaries."

But it too frequently happens that a disputant or critic will define another man's creed and then go to work to demolish it;

whilst, if he had permitted the believer to state his own faith, he woujd have found it a vastly different affair to the myth he is antagonizing.

This needs no argument to prove, for it is in the very nature of things that persons living outside a religion, especially if they are opposed to it, cannot fully understand the "true-inwardness"of its creed, or the symbolism of its ceremonies, unless they adopt modes of inquiry which are generally esteemed superfluous or disgraceful, being considered either over inquisitive or hypocritical.

There is, however, one grand exception to the above rule;

it is when a servant of the Most High God, in holy words of inspiration, denounces the heresies of apostates, or describes the follies of false believers.

Such an account is the one given by Alma, of the absurdities and iniquities of the followers of Zoram.

There are two distinct classes of people called Zoramites in the Book of Mormon.

The first, the descendants of Zoram (the servant of Laban) who accompanied Nephi from Jerusalem.

The second were the followers of the apostate Zoram, whose defection and treason caused so much trouble and bloodshed to the Nephite republic.

Of Zoram's individual life we have no history.

We only know him through his pernicious teachings, and the sad results thereof.

The time of his unholy ministrations can, however, be fixed with certainty; they were during the days when

Alma, the younger, was the presiding High Priest, and Nephihah the Chief Judge of the whole nation.

It is altogether probable that before Zoram started out as a religious reformer on his own account, he was a follower of

APOSTATES.

the teachings of Nehor, as the majority of his adherents appear to have been gathered from that sect and to have belonged to that order.

Zoram inaugurated a gathering dispensation.

He assembled his people in a region of the South American continent, at that time but very thinly settled by the

Nephites.

It was called the land of Antionum, and lay to the east of the river Sidon, whilst it stretched from the land of Jershon in the north, to-the great wilderness south, which was infested with the more savage, wandering Lamanites.

To this "broad land the Zoramites gathered, and there built their cities, erected their synagogues, and developed in material wealth;

until, in the year B. C. 75, they had grown to be an important,though undesirable portion of the Nephite commonwealth as friends they were unreliable, as enemies formidable.

It were impossible, in a short article, as this must necessarily be, to enter into details with regard to the vagaries of the Zoramite faith;

indeed, to a great extent, such a course would be superfluous, as the story of their follies is so graphically told by Alma in the Book of Mormon.*

Suffice it to say, they esteemed themselves as the particular favorites of heaven, born to be saved, and on the strength of this assurance lived lives which entirely unfitted them for that exalted, blissful state, but rather prepared them for the wrath of a just God.

Strong in the pride of their own self-righteousness, they were vain, dogmatic, supercilious, cruel and licentious;

the quality of mercy was unknown in their hardened hearts; they followed the lusts and corruptions of their distorted natures, and gave up their lives to the accumulation of wealth, and to the gratification of those unlawful pleasures that this wealth would secure.

To be poor was regarded as criminal, and he was esteemed the best member of the church who made money the fastest, or spent it with the most lavish ostentation.

To crown the whole foul pyramid of their bastard faith, they denied the coming and * Book of Alma, commencing chapter xxi.

io8 WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE.

the need of a Redeemer the elect, such as they, needed no being greater or holier than themselves to intercede in their behalf before the throne of God.

To this misguided people Alma went with words of invitation, warning and reproof.

He was accompanied by several other prominent servants of the Lord, who joined their fervid testimonies with his.

But their words were scorned, their warnings were ridiculed;

even more, some of the missionaries were abused and maltreated, until Alma considered they had done their whole duty, and had cleared their garments of Zoramitish blood, then he and his companions withdrew to the land of Jershon.

Still, their labors were not altogether ineffectual.

A number of the poorer members of the community received the word, and accepted the Gospel teachings.

These were soon cunningly sought out, persecuted, despoiled and driven from their homes and country by their richer and viler fellow-citizens.

The expatriated believers followed Alma to the land of Jershon, where they were hospitably received by the Ammonites, and their wants provided for—notwithstanding the insulting demands and imperious threats of the leader of the Zoramites, who, in his hatred (and doubtless he well represented his people), desired that these poor sufferers for truth's sake might be left to perish.

The Zoramites soon affiliated with the Lamanites, in fact, soon became Lamanites to all intents and purposes, taking a prominent part in the wars in after years waged against their former fellow countrymen.

So conspicuous were they for fierce hatred, unyielding courage, mental activity and shrewdness beyond that of the original Lamanites, that it became a settled policy with the kings of that people to appoint Zoramites (with Amalekites and other Nephite traitors) to be the superior officers in their armies,and as such, we frequently find them noticed in the history of the wars of the Nephites, from the days of Zoram to the downfall of the Republic.

R.

WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE.

How few facts connected with the life of the great poet have descended to our time With the internal life of the great author we are almost wholly unacquainted;

his works only, in all their grandeur and beauty, are left to us.

William Shakspeare, the bard of whom the world is proud, was born April 23, 1564, in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England.

His father, John Shakspeare, was a well-to-do tradesman in the little village, and his mother, Mary Arden, was descended from an ancient aristocratic family, and possessed at her marriage, a small fortune.

At an early age, the poet was sent to the free grammar school at Stratford, where he learned to read, write and spell, accomplishments that were not enjoyed by the majority of the people in his day.

After leaving school it is supposed, for various reasons, the most prominent among them being the free and frequent use of legal terms in his works, that young Shakspeare occupied the position of clerk in an attorney's office.

At the age of eighteen he married Anne Hathaway, a lady eight years his senior.

Little is known of his married life, but many biographers suppose it to have been rather unhappy.

Though firmly bound by the ties of matrimony, he did not settle himself down to the stern realities of life until necessity compelled him to do so.

Accounts of some wild freaks of his early life are still extant.

One in particular will do to relate, as it will present before us a part of the poet's real nature, and will lead us to think of the great bard not as a dreamyeyed youth, despising all physical enjoyments, but as a young man true to common nature, proving in a rash manner his love of sport, and his youthful indiscretion.

Sir Thomas Lucy, so goes the story, owned a large park, well filled with

WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE.

game, at Charlecote, near Stratford, which was a constant source of temptation to the young men of the village.

One night Shakspeare, who with some of his friends had been trespassing upon Sir Thomas'grounds, was caught and confined until morning, when, it is said, he received a severe flogging.

The young man was so enraged by this treatment, that he wrote some insulting verses and fastened them to the gate at Charlecote.

The first and closing verses are given, not that they were a credit to their author, but simply as a curiosity.

SIR THOMAS LUCY.

A parliament member, a justice of peace,

At home a poor scarecrow—in London an ass

If Lucy is lousy, as some folks miscall it, Sing lousy Lucy whatever befall it.

If a juvenile frolic he cannot forgive,

We'll sing lousy Lucy as long as we live

And Lucy the lousy a libel may call it, We'll sing lousy Lucy whatever befall it.

Soon after this affair, finding it necessary to provide support for his wife and three children and aged parents,and thinking the anger of Sir Thomas Lucy might make his situation in Stratford rather unpleasant,

Shakspeare went to London, the city in which so many before him, and so many after, have struggled to win a fortune.

The theatrical profession, with all the fascinations it ever possesses, • was chosen by the young man as a means of obtaining a livelihood; but to childish impressions it is very likely he owed this choice.

Troups of strolling actors had often played at Stratford, with the permission of Shakspeare's father, who was high baliff or mayor, and to these primitive treaders of the stage little Will always listened with more than ordinary attention.

Besides this, the successful actors, Burbage and Greene, were both natives of Warwickshire, and why should not Shakspeare try his fortune where these two had prospered so well?

With this ambition, the year 1587 found him in London, where he began his theatrical career, it is thought, as a call boy.

He soon became a re-writer of plays, and in a year or two connected himself with the company at the Blackfriars Theatre, and here it was that he began to write those splendid works which will ever remain the boast and glory of English literature.

Fortune seemed to favor the young author in endowing him with both mental and worldly gifts, for it was not long e'er he became a partner in the Globe Theatre, with an annual income of about During these years Ben Jonson became his intimate friend, and in Jonson's play of "Every Man in His Humor"

Shakspeare took the part of Old Knowell.

Among his own plays his favorite parts were the ghost, in "Hamlet,"and Adam, in "As You Like It."Of the thirtyseven plays that he wrote, it is supposed he never once conceived a plot of his own, but though the plots were borrowed the wording and characters of the plays belong to Shakspeare alone.

He seemed to be wholly unappreciative of his own talents, allowing his plays, as soon as written, to be thrown about, here and there, caring little whether they were preserved or destroyed, and none of them were published during his life.

Though actors were, in those days, considered very common people, Shakspeare being more poet than actor, associated with the best society of London, and received the favor and patronage of both Queen Elizabeth and King James.

His public life, at this time at least, was a happy one; he had written his poems, the "Rape of Lucrece,""Venus and Adonis,"and the "Passionate Pilgrim,"and his one hundred and forty-four sonnets his magnificent dramas were nearly all completed;

he had won what in London he sought, fame and fortune; and so he bought a place in Stratford, and retired in 1612.

We know as little of the remaining four years as of the early part of his life.

It is supposed that he lived in a happy, contented manner, entertaining his friends, cultivating his garden and writing occasionally.

Lie died on April 23, 1616, and was buried in the little church at Stratford, on the banks of the beautiful Avon, the river he had always loved so well.

And there his honored dust remains.

Above his grave are written the

no THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

following lines, which have prevented the disturbance of the renowned poet's ashes

Good friend, for Jesus sake, forbear

To digg the dust enclosed here.

Blest be ye man yt spares these stones,

And curst be he yt moves my bones.

Seven years after his death two friends,

Heminge and Condell, published a book called the "First Folio,"in which thirtysix of the great poet's plays were given to the world, and to these the play of Pericles was afterwards added.

To this edition Shakspeare's portrait was attached.

Modern writers can say nothing that would either add to or detract from the glory of this great writer's works, and words spoken for such a purpose were better unsaid.

All of us have read, or seen at least one of his comedies or tragedies, and some of us are familiar with them all; but very few have read many of his sonnets, those "gems of poetry,"which in themselves would have raised their writer to the rank of a fine poet, therefore our selections will be from them, though Dr. Johnson says:

"He that tries to recommend him (Shakspeare) by select quotations, will succeed like the pedant in Hierocles, who, when he offered his house for sale, carried a brick in his pocket as a specimen."We quite agree with him.

SONNETS.

TIME.

Like as the waves make toward the pebbled shore, So do our minutes hasten to their end Each changing place with that which goes before,

In sequent toil all forward do contend.

Nativity once in the main of light,

Crawls to maturity, wherewith being crowned,

Crooked eclipses 'gainst his glory fight,

And time that gave, doth now his gift confound.

Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth,

And delves the parallels in beauty's brow,

Feeds on the rarities of virtue's truth,

And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow.

And yet to times in hope my verse shall stand, Praising thy worth despite thy cruel hand.

FULL MANY A GLORIOUS MORNING HAVE I SEEN.

Full many a glorious morning have

I seen, Flatter the mountain tops with sovereign eye,

Kissing with golden face the meadows green,

Gilding pale streams with heavenly alchymy;

Anon permit the basest cloud to'ride,

With ugly rack on his celestial face,

And from the forlorn world his visage hide,

Stealing unseen to west with his disgrace.

Even so my sun one early morn did shine,

With all triumphant splendor on my brow

But out!

alack!

he was but one hour mine, The region cloud hath masked him from me now.

Yet him for this my love no whit disdaineth

Sons of the world may stain, when heaven's sun staineth.

ABSENCE.

From you have I been absent in the spring, When proud-pied April, dressed in all his trim, Hath put a spirit of youth in everything,

That heavy Saturn laugh'd and leaped with him.

Yet nor the lays of birds nor sweet smells

Of different flowers in odour and in hue, Could make me any summer's story tell,

Or from Jheir proud lap pluck them where they grew Nor did I wonder at the lillies white,

Nor praise the deep vermillion in the rose

They were but sweet, but figures of delight,

Drawn after you, you pattern of all those.

Yet seemed it winter still and you away, As with your shadow I with these did play.

Viva.

Respect is the truest homage of the heart.

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

Knowledge, like virtue, is its own reward.

As to be happy one must be virtuous, so to be useful one must be intelligent.

All that is elevating and ennobling has its birth, directly or indirectly, in education, and is known as knowledge and intelligence.

Education is the skilled hand and discerning eye which paints the manifold and everchanging beauties

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

in of nature on the canvas of the mind, shading here, giving light there;

heightening the color in one place, subduing it in another; making one object more, and another less prominent; and forever exhibiting a proper regard for all the relations of life, in whatever form or whatever sphere, as designed by the Great Creator of all.

Education it is that awakens in.the soul that subtle inwardness of thought and emotion—the one giving reason, both prophecy—which, being felt, passes description and surpasses all understanding;

it invites to a relaxation from all that wearies it exalts, as it opens to the mental vision the sublimity of the future, and teaches that the trials and chastening crosses of this frail existence the better fit us for that which is to come;

it ennobles, for it tells man to bear for the sake of man, and because it more makes the man, the more he endures with patience, with courage, with hope, and with a determination for better;

it consoles, as for all who see aright it shows that to misery alone is no mortal born, that for all, honest purpose will secure a fair share of the world's treasures and enjoyments;

it humbles, because it unfolds that all are subject to the course of nature, to the changes of earth, that all have their cares, all their trials and all their sorrows, and that those who endure with the manliest fortitude are those who appreciate most keenly the blessings that come to us all.

It is an opiate for wakeful pain, the vitality of the weary, strength of the weak, power of the lowly, friend of the friendless, sword of the right, and gives unfaltering faith in virtue being its own reward, and that without virtue there can be no happiness.

All this education teaches, because education is intelligence, and intelligence is that element of the Great Father which is the outgrowth of the exercise of his perfected attributes—it is, in brief, the Spirit of God, and we call it intelligence.

Therefore,education means knowledge.

Knowledge is power, power is influence, influence is position, and position wealth.

Knowledge and usefulness are inseparable.

To increase the one is to widen the sphere and scope of the other; and before this series is concluded, I would be pleased to prove a fact, which

I fervently believe, that in no way can the material interests of Utah Territory, or the intellectual advancement of her people—they really mean the same thing—be more surely -encouraged, or more rapidly and permanently developed, than through the medium of the University of Deseret.

The saying, "Knowledge is power,"is perhaps old, but it is still a profound truth.

The acquiring of knowledge, in whatever form, and under almost whatever circumstances, strengthens the mind.

This no one will dispute;

the question of its application when once acquired, is another subject, and verges on a different theme.

It strengthens, because it prepares the mind for and fortifies it against the uncertainties and constantly occurring surprises of life.

No man can foretell into what situations he may be thrown at any moment, and as all phases, all elements and all industries of life, merge into all others, forming an indissoluble tie—or even if distinct and separate, constitute such a delicately welded and unbroken chain, that the points where the links have been welded are indistinguishable—it is obvious that he who possesses the widest range of knowledge is best prepared to face the surprising changes in fortune.

It matters not what industry or profession a man may pursue, nor how vast and varied may be his intellectual attainments, the teachings of experience prove that there are always times when he will find occasion to use every particle of his knowledge while still pursuing his chosen profession—so close is the alliance between all things in this world. A thoughtful person is often surprised, after having acquired further information on an old subject, or knowledge on a new one, to discover of what exceeding benefit the recently acquired information—which at first appeared totally foreign to his business—will prove to him in his own industry, and this, too, in ways he never dreamed of.

Hence, the greater and more general is a man's knowledge, the better he becomes fitted to follow a particular profession, and the more readily will he become proficient in other pro-

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

fessions.

Thus, his knowledge becomes a power in his hands;

this power it is that increases his skill above that of others;

his greater skill creates a demand for his services this demand ensures position, and position always opens the gate to wealth—whether this opening be taken advantage of or not is another matter, and does not affect the proposition laid down.

In knowledge we have, therefore, power, position and wealth.

But there are other considerations worthy of observation.

"Everything brings forth after its own kind."

Knowledge makes knowledge, power creates power, and when the mind is properly strengthened in one part, that strength is reflected back, if the term is admissible, on other parts, and they also are strengthened.

The study of mathematics is recommended, not alone on account of the great value which attaches to an understanding of the subject itself,but because, as a study, it is calculated to develop and strengthen the faculties generally;

with every other branch of knowledge it is the same.

No rational being would maintain that any study, properly pursued will have a weakening effect on the intellect; then it must strengthen, and while the results may not be as marked as in the study of mathematics, they none the less surely have a similar effect.

Were it otherwise, the entire basis of the grand educational structure would be like the building told of in the parable, the foundation of which was in sand.

Therefore, the seeming paradox is repeated, that by strengthening the mind in one part, it is made the firmer in the remainder;

and perfect strength being secured only in a perfect whole, the truism is again deduced, "Knowledge is power."Again, the greater the intellectual attainments, the more readily new beauties become perceptible, and the greater is the pleasure derived from their perception.

That the acquirement of knowledge is a pleasure is found in the reason given by Dr. Johnson: "We are sorrowful when we forget, and pleased when we learn."Beauty results from the education of the taste, and the development of the perceptive faculties, and its test is found in nature.

Knowledge, or intelligence, is that which enables us to perceive loveliness in nature, nobility in character, and the good and beautiful in all life and in all thought.

Be the profession or business of a man never so inviting, his greater knowledge enables him to discern its greater beauties;

to perceive in it that which was never perceived before—in this we have that which is termed invention, for invention, is also a result of education—and its tendency is to reconcile man to his chosen profession because he, more than others, has discerned its usefulness to man—the beauty of that usefulness—and this discovery awakens in him a sensation of pride and a glory in the following which otherwise would be unknown.

It, therefore, robs labor of that slavishness which is its curse, and which is the portion of ignorance;

it makes "labor a delight, and "the labor we delight in physics pain."

Thus we have contentment;

and contentment means a life free and removed from the distractions of dissatisfaction; a life devoted to a cherished object, and such a life gives the assurance of power—grand power.

Hence, we have again the inevitable conclusion, "Knowledge is power."While what has been said of knowledge as a power also exhibits its moral.aspect, this latter phase is susceptible of a much clearer showing.

The motto of the Contributor is, "The Glory of God is Intelligence."Nothing could be more beautiful, nothing more grand, nothing more true.

Who can appreciate the sublime grandeur of the Great Father's works like the intelligent being?

To him more than to any one else is the book of life opened his eyes behold the Omniscient in all the works of nature; he sees how everything struggles to bless mankind;

to his delighted vision is shown the ever changing magnificence and unutterable splendor of the heavens, the infinite wisdom underlying the changes in the seasons and in the elements, the grace and elevating character of the flowers, the purity and goodness of the brook, and the eternal fitness in all things.

INCONGRUITIES OF LABOR.

"3 As God is intelligent, so the more intelligence a man possesses the more he is like God.

It does not follow that because a man commands vast learning, or is intelligent, that he is good;- such an assumption is emphatically contradicted as well in sacred, as by distinguished characters in profane history;

but it does follow that the more knowledge a man possesses, the greater is his power for good; he the more readily distinguishes right from error, and, according to the generally accepted idea, is the more accountable as he does good or evil.

There is no worship so pleasing to the Almighty—it is, perhaps, a bold assertion, but it can be substantiated—as that of an intelligent man, whose heart is with his worship.

The greater the intelligence combined with sincerity, the more pleasing it is to the Almighty.

It is true that the praise of many who are looked upon as lowly and ignorant in an educational point of view, is more acceptable to God than that of some of wide intellectual attainments; but it is so, not because God prefers ignorance to intelligence, but because the illiterate person has a soul in his worship,while the learned has not.

No one should complain of this, for to all are the attributes which ensure intelligence given; and it is the duty of all to cultivate these attributes, that their worship may not only be the more sincere, but also the more rational.

True, intelligent men prostitute their power, but for this the man and not intelligence is to be blamed.

It is as sane a wish to desire that the system of monetary exchange between men be abolished, because money, which is capable of such great good and convenience to men, is often used for evil, as it would be to deride intelligence for the reason that men prostitute it.

Were the fact that a principle had been abused, sufficient to justify its being taken from earth, to how many of the principles given for the government and good of all would men be entitled?

To none;

there is no principle that has not been violated, no law which has not been broken.

No;

no.

He most glorifies God who becomes most intelligent, and who devotes that intelligence to the glory of God in doing good.

R. W. Sloan.

INCONGRUITIES OF LABOR.

Non bene junctarum discordia semina rerum.

—Ovid.

The jarring seeds of ill-concerted things.

Eccentricities of countenance, gait and disposition, may be observed most frequently in large and populous cities;

but the incongruities of occupation present there no such ludicrous phases as they do in newly settled territories.

Colonies just planted, settlements recently made, valleys now for the first time occupied; these afford greater scope for the exhibitions of incongruous labors, than any other conditions of life.

When./Eneas ascends the hill, and looks down upon growing Carthage, a busy scene spreads out before him all is bustle and activity;

he hears the ''clash, the clang,the roar"of an energetic populace.

He sees "The toiling Tyrians on each other call,

To ply their labor; some extend the wall Some build the citadel the brawny throng, Or dig, or push unwieldy stones along.

Some for their dwelling choose a spot of ground,

Which, first designed, with ditches they surround.

Some laws ordain; and some attend the choice Of holy senates, and elect by voice.

Here some design a mole, while others there

Lay deep foundations for a theatre,

From marble quarries mighty columns hew

For ornaments of scenes, and future view."

Dryden.

These circumstances are natural to the occasion.

In laying the foundations ot cities many trades and professions are in demand, whose representatives are limited in number.

This brings us to the subject of our paper.

Had./Eneas been of Queen Dido's colony; had he sailed from Phoenicia with her, and been acquainted with the various tradesmen

1X4 INCONGRUITIES OF LABOR.

who composed her expedition, a nearer view of the city, and the labors performing in it, would undoubtedly have presented many laughable scenes to his view.

Fancy a Phoenician sailor, who had all his life sailed the Mediterranean, suddenly armed with a goad, and put in charge of a yoke of oxen!

Imagine a shepherd leaving his sheep in order to manipulate a trowel;

a merchant abandoning his warehouses in Tyre to dig a ditch around a hut in Africa!

Conceive the dealers in gold and silver, in iron, tin, copper, in ivory and ebony, linen, honey and balm, digging foundations and quarrying rocks for temples and theatres

Yet such things in Carthage were ordinary occurrences, due not only to the unity of spirit, but also to the common danger of its inhabitants, who were as resolute in their hatred of the mother country, as they were determined in their love for the new.

Such heterogeneous occupations must ever obtain in unsettled countries.

A "jack of all trades"is the man in greatest repute.

He who can unite in himself the abilities of a lawyer, physician, pedagogue, farmer, shoemaker and carpenter, is very likely to carry the day; and the reason is obvious.

In such districts society has not yet formed itself into its many grades and shades of distinction.

All are comparatively equal, since all are alike destitute of homes.

Immediately every individual is engaged in employments inconsistent with his former profession.

The carpenter makes his own shoes; the watchmaker his own house.

Side by side the lawyer and tailor excavate a pair of cellars.

In ordinary companionship are seen farmers and physicians, school teachers and brewers, bakers and pretty fellows; each life is fraught with as many changes as the figures of a kaleidoscope.

How useful at such a time is the man of many trades!

Yesterday the sun smiled upon his labors in the wheat field; to-morrow will find him at the forge. This morning he labored with a saw and hammer;

the afternoon will find him with a brush and pot of paint.

Such men are perfectly at home in every condition of life;

boiling molasses is to them a change from teaching school, and they step from either employment to edit a newspaper.

Perhaps no country in the world has witnessed so many idiosyncrasies of this character, as has our own Utah.

The founding of her settlements has reflected in miniature the basing of Carthage.

Every occupation and every nationality;

the kingdom's of the old world and the islands of the new, all have had their representatives in the germination of her towns and villages.

The enclosing a new field, or the digging a needed canal, will draw together all those professions we have enumerated, and many others apparently incompatible with each other.

It may be thought that the blending so many pursuits into one, would cause discord and dissension, but the contrary has been the result.

From mingling exponents of such diverse professions, each imbibes to a certain extent the knowledge and ideas of his confrere.

The common labor is lightened by communication ot alien sentiments, and every mind is expanded to the comprehension of more lofty and ennobling conceptions.^ From hence it arises that settlers in new countries have much broader notions and more general knowledge than their relations in crowded cities.

The latter may be better versed in the latest news of discovery and invention, but the former are superior in that wide acquaintance with practical affairs, which is so necessary to success and independence in life.

It was a common observation of King

Charles the First, that the man who read and conversed in two languages, was possessed of two souls, With full as much propriety it may be affirmed that he who is able to practice professions usually allotted to various men, lives many lives in one.

Like the learned man in the Spectator, he can "moralize upon a snuff-box, flourish eloquently upon a tucker or a pair of ruffles, and draw practical inferences from a full-bottomed periwig."Beppo.

Our care should be not so much to live long as to live to some purpose.—Seneca.

SILK CULTURE IN UTAH.

"5 SILK CULTURE IN UTAH.

It is now proved beyond a doubt, that the manufacture of silk can be carried on successfully in Utah.

Since silk worms were first introduced into this Territory, many persons believing that they would form an important part of Utah's wealth, have made great efforts to raise them; and though some failures resulted, yet, enough success was made to keep alive the interest.

Lectures were delivered throughtout the Territory on the importance of this branch of industry, and everything was done to get the people to become interested in it.

President Young maintained that this country was the finest in the world for silk raising, and in 1868, built a very large cocoonery, four miles south of Salt Lake City, in which to rear the worms.

Twenty-five or thirty acres of mulberry trees were planted around the house, and the work began.

Mrs. Zina- D. Young was the first to take charge of the cocoonery, and, in raising the worms, was comparatively very successful, The following year a Frenchman named Bertrand, a questionable expert in the silk line, through mismanagement, made a failure.

A Kentuckian named Wimmer next took the cocoonery, claiming that he could raise worms successfully.

For two years he managed it, failing each year, and almost killing the enthusiasm—what little there was left—on the subject.

These failures cost considerable money and labor, and did nothing towards advancing the interests of the silk industry.

It was thought that this was caused by the dampness around the cocoonery, and the character of the building, which was made of adobe.

A small brick building was therefore erected, in the rear of President Young's residence, at the "Eagle Gate,"especially for the purpose of experimenting in the raising of cocoons.

The writer, then a little boy, with several young ladies belonging to President Young's family, attended to the cocoonery,while men were employed gathering leaves for feeding; and in thirty-five days, by constant attendance, they raised many pounds of first-class cocoons, and sixty-four ounces of the best silk worm eggs.

Later on, in the year 1875, the late Mrs. Dr. Dunyon, who was well known in Salt Lake City, took charge of the large cocoonery at Forest Farm, and met with unlooked for success. The lady, in conjunction with her husband, used the whole of the building for the worms.

Having energy, a thorough understanding of the business and good management, their efforts were not in vain.

Seven hundred and fifty pounds of cocoons and many ounces of eggs were produced.

This was another great source of encouragement to silk raising.

Since that time, large quantities of cocoons have been raised in the Territory; and when the business was conducted properly, failures were unknown, unless caused by severp thunder storms or cold spells.

Handkerchiefs, laces, scarfs, have been manufactured; and the elegant silk fringe now adorning the St. George Temple, is of home production, and a credit to the manufacturers.

There was a temporary organization of persons interested in silk, existing for a number of years.

In December 1879, a company styled "The Utah Silk Association,"formed permanently, and was incorporated under the laws of the Territory.

This company is composed of gentlemen and ladies well known to the community, and if it is possible to make a success they will do it.

The following are the names of the officers:

President, William Jennings; Vice President, Eliza

R. Snow;

Secretary, A. Milton Musser;

Treasurer, Paul A.

Schettler; Board of Directors, Wm.

Jennings, Eliza R.

Snow, Wm. H. Hooper, Zina D. Young,

A. M. Musser, M.

J. Home, and Alex.

C. Pyper.

Their works are evidence of the interest they have in the manufacture of silk.

Ground has been leased at the old saw mill, near Dr.

Park's residence, in the mouth of City Creek Canon, a neat little brick building erected, and machinery placed therein, and run by the old mill wheel.

At the rear of this building

u6 SILK CULTURE IN UTAH.

is the reeling room, in which two ladies and one little girl are employed reeling the silk from the cocoons.

This proceeding is very interesting, and a visit to the factory would repay any person for his trouble.

In the main building, belonging to the Association, is a complete set of throwing machinery, consisting of two reels for reeling the threads from the cocoons, one hard silk winder for preparing thread for doubling, one doubling machine, one spinning mill for putting the twist in the thread, one soft silk winder for winding the silk from skeins after dyeing, one spooler, and other subordinate machinery, all used in the manufacture of the thread alone.

Four persons are constantly engaged in this room, at their different machines, making sewing silk and twist.

The aggregate cost of buildings and machinery, which are all on a small scale, is about three thousand dollars.

This shows that the company now existing means business and intend to carry it on successfully, if possible.

Great difficulties have been met with, to obtain persons understanding, and competent to run the machinery now at the factory—which is the latest improved;

but the persons there are endeavoring, with all their might, to produce marketable silk.

Samples of raw silk, raised in this Territory, have been sent to Italy, New York, and many other places, and the most encouraging replies received from silk dealers, in regard to the superior quality of our silk.

Mr. P. A. Schettler, who has done much toward advancing the interests of silk industry, took samples raised by himself to France and Italy, which were pronounced by competent men, equal in many respects to the Italian silk.

When he returned he received many testimonials to the same effect.

Rinalds, Knutzel & Co., silk manufacturers of Florence, Italy, had only one fault to find, viz:

It was too coarse—having twelve or thirteen threads, in the sample sent them.

Z.

C. M.

I.

sent samples to the Nonotuck Silk Co., of Florence, Mass., one of the largest and most reliable firms in the silk line in America.

The samples were tested, and the firm sent letters, from which the following is quoted:

"We found the silk of good quality and strength and fairly reeled; much better than any samples of American silk we have ever tested."These encouraging words stimulate the silk raisers in Utah with fresh hopes, and greatly encouraged them in producing it in large quantities.

The enterprise is not confined to Salt Lake County alone, by a great deal;

the whole Territory is more or less engaged in it.

The people of Utah County have done much in the silk line, and have reason to feel proud of their efforts.

They are still pushing it ahead and feel certain of making it pay well.

It is now clearly proved, that the climate of Utah Territory is well adapted to the cultivation of silk worms; that they have been and can be raised with success, if managed properly;

that the Utah Silk Association will purchase all the silk raised in the Territory, and pay good prices in cash for the same that we have the persons in Utah who can reel, double, twist and prepare it for market,and having the machinery and mechanics, there is no reason why it should not be done that when it is fairly established and in good running order, it will be one of the most important branches of

Utah's industry, and will add greatly to our character as an enterprising and selfsustaining people.

Geo. D. Pyper.

To put a bent pin in a chair is a mean joke, and one that ought to be sat down on.

There is nothing—absolutely nothing—in a name, if only the sentiment be the correct one.

What difference did it make to the patriot whose overwrought feelings compelled him to pay a visit to the tomb of Washington that he mistook the granite ice house for the said tomb, and wept profusely and pondered profoundly as he knelt at the door?

He never learned his mistake, and his patriotic ardor has been at fever heat ever since.

TAPESTRY.

TAPESTRY.

The earliest account of tapestry wrought with the needle, for hangings and garments, is in Exodus, where the curtains of the Tabernacle which divided the Holy place from the Most Holy are described as of "fine twined linen, with blue, purple and scarlet; with cherubim of cunning work"—"wrought with the needle,"etc.

The Israelites doubtless borrowed this beautiful art from the Egyptians, while in bondage to them;

for the latter were skilled with both needle and loom, and also in dyeing and painting.

The Babylonians illustrated the mysteries of their religion, and recorded important historical events, in pictorial embroidery.

To such perfection was this work carried by the ancient Greeks that they attributed the invention to Minerva.

Such value was set upon it that the poets sang its praise; kings vied with each other in encouraging the art, and in possessing the richest specimens.

In the early days of the French monarchy we read of women working tapestry with the needle.

In the sixth century, when Clovis embraced

Christianity, even the streets were decorated with this costly fabric during the festivities in honor of the event.

At the dedication of the church of St.

Dennis, where generations of kings lie buried, the decorations were of tapestry, wrought with gold and silver and pearls.

Tapestry was wrought with the needle in France, until the ninth century, when the demand for it had become so great that weaving was introduced, and a manufactory established in the Abbey of St.

Florian, in 985.

Monks then wove in their cloisters; while ladies, in their seclusion, portrayed with the needle on canvas, the stories that poets had sung of the deeds of their fathers, as well as those of their living lords and lovers.

The walls of the palaces were high, and of rough, cold stone, and the tapestried hangings hid as well as ornamented them.

Shakspeare speaks of Falstaff hiding behind the arras (tapestry made at Arras), in "The Merry Wives of Windsor."Horsemen were now robed and horses caparisoned in this costly work at tournaments, and on the occasion of great triumphal entries and other public celebrations.

The tapestries of Flanders were early famed for their beauty, and the Bayeaux tapestry, which is still preserved, is of priceless value as the work of fair Flemish fingers which have been, for long centuries, in the dust.

In very early times, tapestry was confined mainly to altar-cloths and other church decorations, but the growing demand for it as wall hangings, and furniture coverings, and carpets, resulted in the establishment of looms at Antwerp, Bruges, and other cities; that made in Arras being the most famous.

A piece representing the battles ot Alexander the Great was among the gifts sent by the king of Flanders to the Sultan in 1379, for the ransom of captives taken in battle.

It portrayed, also, scenes in history and romance; the feats of fabulous heroes and grotesque figures of men and animals.

Some pieces of this work were almost national annals, and were styled historical tapestries.

In the sixteenth century, Francis I established manufactories of this fabric at Fountainbleau.

Hitherto it had been made in pieces and joined neatly into great hangings; but now it began to be woven in one large web.

Francis brought workmen from Flanders, paid them well for their skill, and supplied them with the richest materials, including gold and silver thread.

His son, Henry II, established manufactories in Paris, but after his death the art declined, and little was done until Paris was decorated for Louis XIV.

Now came in the present style known as "Gobelin tapestry,"from the name of the dyers on whose premises it was manufactured.

Here are carpets now woven for the palaces, but we must not judge of their style by that known among us as "tapestry carpeting,"the word itself simply meaning coverings or hangings; tapisserie is the French word, which our man-

u8 ANCIENT MANUSCRIPTS.

ufacturers have as good a right to use as those who weave for royalty—even if they cannot carry "high art"into their work.

In the reign of the last named king, Raphael and other Italian masters were copied, and weaving became one of the fine arts.

In 1802, ninety men were employed in weaving, mainly for the palace of St.

Cloud.

Occasionally the supply exceeds the demand of royalty.

Now a piece may be purchased by an ordinary mortal, provided he has money enough to pay for it.

The art was patronized by Henry

VIII, in England, and Windsor Palace,

Hampton Court, and other homes of royalty were decorated with copies of the best English painters, in tapestry.

These hangings were not fixtures, but were raised on frames, and were often taken down and forwarded to decorate the chambers of kings and queens when on royal "progresses,"as their journeys were then called.

A good story is told of a blunder occasioned by this practice.

Henry IV, wishing to do great honor to the Pope's legate, ordered his most costly tapestry to be hung at St. Germain, where he was then on a visit.

By a terrible mistake one was sent which satirized the Pope and his court at Rome—a much more dreadful thing in that day than it would be in ours.

You may be sure it came down quicker than it went up!

These ancient tapestries are now of great value, not only for their antiquity, but also as historical records of great events.

The banquet, the chase and the tournament are as truthfully described as are the seige and the battle, forming pictorial story-books of mammoth dimensions.

You may imagine the labor of making carpets and drapery by the slow stitch of the needle on canvas, and will not wonder that the haute lisse, or high loom (the one mostly in use now), has taken its place.

In this loom, the frame and the wrap are perpendicular.

There are two rollers; one at the top, around which the threads are wound; and one below, over which is rolled the finished fabric.

The outlines of the design are drawn on the threads on front, but the pattern is hung at the back, and the workman, standing between that and his work, has to turn around continually to look at it, and never sees the beautiful design he is carrying out unless he goes round in front to do so.

Some of the Gobelin tapestry have all the delicacy of a picture.

But the work is very slow, and so can never become common nor cheap.

One who can afford to order a small piece of it now must wait two or three years for it.—Youths'Companion.

Sleep is the fallow of the mind.

ANCIENT MANUSCRIPTS.

One of the oldest sacred records that has outlived the ravages of time is the Bible.

Ancient manuscripts containing parts of the New Testament are still found in various places.

A part of the Book of Mormon gives the history of familes that emigrated to this continent from the Tower of Babel, viz:

Jared, his brother, and their friends.

The brother of Jared talked with the Lord at the time of the confusion of languages, and some years after in the wilderness, and was commanded by Jesus Christ to write a record of it, but it was sealed up with the stones or interpreters, also by commandment, till after Christ was crucified.

Ether, a descendant of Jared, many generations after, wrote the record from which Moroni took his account;

so Ether must have copied from the writings of Jared to have given an account of the latter speaking with Jesus Christ;

that part of the original writing must therefore have been written soon after leaving the tower, but whether they and Ether's record were kept with the records containing the Book of Mormon, and were seen by Joseph Smith is, I suppose, unknown.

ANCIENT MANUSCRIPTS.

The Book of Mormon, though not ancient in itself, is valuable as containing the only account and abridgement of those records, as well as a history of the

Nephites, and of the Lamanites, taken from the records of Nephi, which were commenced nearly two thousand four hundred years ago, and were hid up, 420

A. D.

It differs from the Bible in this respect, that it was written and then hid in the earth, and, after lying there undisturbed for centuries, was correctly translated by Joseph Smith, through the aid of the Urim and Thummim; while the Bible has been circulated among men ever since it was written, many manuscripts destroyed, and those that remain not correctly translated.

Among other sacred manuscripts that have been found is one containing a description of Jesus

Christ sent by Lentullus, President of Judea, to the Senate of Rome;

also the Death Warrant of Jesus Christ;

it was engraved on a copper plate, and found in an antique vase of white marble, in the city of Abuilla, in the kingdom of Naples, in the year 1826.

Recently a manuscript of Clemen Romanus, and of other early ecclesiastical writers, have been found in

Constantinople, and last March two German scholars traveling in Southern Italy, in the palace of the Archbishop of Rossano, found a very valuable manuscript of the whole of the gospel of St.

Matthew, and that of St. Mark down to the middle of the fourteenth verse of the sixteenth chapter;

it consists of one hundred and eighty-eight leaves the leaves are made of purple parchment;

it is written with silver, except the first three lines of each gospel, which are golden.

It is supposed to have been written in the end of the fifth or the beginning of the sixth century, and contains a number of painted miniatures illustrating the life of Christ, as the last supper, etc., and of the heads of forty prophets and one or two other subjects.

Last year there died at Jerusalem,an old man one hundred and nine years of age; among other things, after his decease, was found a manuscript on papyrus- supposed to have been written by St.

Peter;

a commission from the Bible Society of London pronounced in favor of its authenticity.

We are all acquainted with the Book of Abraham, a translation of some ancient records found in the catacombs of Egypt, and now forming a part of the Pearl of Great

Price.

As a people, we expect that before long other records will be revealed,when the proper time has arrived.

Sometime we are to have the record of the lost Ten

Tribes, and we very often read of the engravings on stone found in Mexico, which, no doubt, will be extremely interesting when deciphered.

Is not the Doctrine and Covenants given in our own day as worthy of a place among sacred Scriptures as the reprints of those for which are paid fabulous prices, and which are prized so highly by lovers of religion and of the curious?

It is wonderful how the manuscripts have been preserved so long, and from their instruction and age are deserving of all the value attached to them, but as regards instruction it is strange how highly the reprints are prized, while the Book of Mormon, equal in worth, is passed coolly by, and in the estimation of the majority, does not even enjoy a reputation as high as a common novel.

In future years may not the manuscript of the Book of Mormon, now in the possession of Mr. Whitmer, occupy the place to which it is entitled, side by side with sacred manuscripts, and rank with them in the estimation of the people as the most important translation into the English language, in correctness, if not in extreme old age?

Ann Fellows.

MODESTY.

Modesty is a virtue.

It cannot be assumed, but belongs to those who possess it as a part of their natures.

Its value cannot be compared with the inferior gifts of beauty and wealth; even wisdom itself, the greatest of all gifts^ fails to elicit just appreciation when it is not arrayed in the snowy robes of modesty.

Modest people are beautiful, no matter what their features may be.

The ignorant may think the words modesty and bashfulness are of the same meaning, but this is a great mistake;

GETTING MARRIED IN GERMANY.

modesty may go hand in hand with dignity and learning, while bashfulness is caused by ignorance, or is the effect of imperfect training.

Many will agree that a maiden's beauty consists in her modesty, but they will pause to reflect, before acknowledging that it is quite as admirable in a young man.

Yet it is so.

True principles of modesty will not prevent young men from acquiring knowledge, wisdom, influence and power, but, on the contrary, if they attain to all these, their modesty wilL command for them respect, which will make them all the more appreciated.

Y. L. Companion, \6th Ward.

GETTING MARRIED IN GERMANY.

This time I was bound to make sure work, and so, with the best information I could procure, started off for the civil bureau (Standes Amt) to ascertain precisely what was required.

"Upon what business do you come?"demanded the pompous servant at the door.

"I am an American citizen, and want to know how to get married in Germany,"

I faltered.

He opened the door of the main office and shouted, "Ein Herr Amerikanner wishes to marry himself!"and then showed me into a large and well filled waiting room to take my turn, every occupant of which gazed fixedly at me, without winking, for some minutes.

One thin, dark, wiry man, in soiled linen and bright yellow kid gloves, had dropped in to announce the death of his third wife.

A trembling young mother was sharply reprimanded for letting the legal third day pass before announcing the death of her child.

A somewhat seedy clerk had come, with a radiant face, to announce the birth of a boy fourteen hours old, and to be called Johannes Conrade Hermann Degenermeister.

A servant girl and her lover were waiting in one corner—she red and giggling, he erect, dignified, and as taciturn as* a head waiter—to be made man and wife, I had plenty of time to observe, for nearly an hour passed before my turn came.

At length I was shown into a long room, with half a dozen clerks at one end, who twisted their necks, adjusted their glasses, and gazed and listened with open-mouthed wonder.

"I wish to get married in the very simplest and quickest way,"I said, presenting my passport.

"Will you please tell me how to do it?""It is extremely simple,"said the officer. "We must have a certificate of your birth (Guertssohein) signed by the burgomaster of the town in which you were born, and with its seal, and witnessed in due form.

Your certificate of baptism (Taufschien) should also be sent, to guard against all error, sealed and witnessed by the present pastor or the proper church officers.

These must be presented here by each of the contracting parties, with their passports, as the first step."I carefully noted this, and he proceeded.

"The parents, if living, should certify to their knowledge and approval of the marriage.

We must also be satisfied that there is no obstacle, legal, moral or otherwise, to it; whether either of you have been married before, and if so, whether there are children, and if so, their names and ages.

The parents'names should be in full;

also their residence, occupation, age and place of birth should of course be given for record here."I begged for another scrap of paper and made further notes.

"When we have these here in this desk,"he continued, patting fondly that piece of furniture, "then either we can publish the banns (Aufgebot) by posting a notice of your intention in the Rathhaus for fourteen days, or else you can have it printed in the journal of the place where you reside in America, and bring us a copy here as evidence that it has actually

PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE.

appeared.

After the expiration of this time you can be married in this office.". "Must it be here?"I queried.

"Of course;"he said, "this is the only place which the law now recognizes.

Poor people are content with civil marriage only, but all who move in good society go from here to the church for a religious ceremony.""Is it not possible to shorten the time?"

I timidly ventured to inquire.

"We had made all the arrangements for an earlier day, and are seriously incommoded by the delay.

I did not know the requirements.

It takes four weeks to hear from

America, and then two weeks more here, and—You do not, perhaps, exactly understand, and yet

I hardly know how to explain.

But there is really haste.

We are pressed for time.""Haste?

Pressed for time?"he repeated/ "Perhaps I do not understand.

I am sorry, but it cannot possibly be sooner.

You think we are slow in Germany.

True, but we are sure.

We require our people to take time to think over the matter beforehand, and divorce with us is far from being the easy matter

I have heard it is in America."January Atlantic.

PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE.

How many a moon hath passed away,

How many a year hath swept around,

Since a few pilgrims—travel-stained,

Where now this city stands, were found.

They o'er the desert plains had passed,

Had reached this valley, thought it fair, Although they felt they were at last, 'A thousand miles from anywhere

A thousand miles from human aid,

A thousand miles from white man's home;

These had by him been robhed, betrayed,

And forced an unmarked land to roam.

No books, or school, or papers here,

No telegraph, or daily mail, No railway did with whistle cheer;

The thousand miles was but a trail

But dauntless men led on a host

Progressive men, and men of thought;

Though destitute of food almost,

A nation's corner stones they brought

They laid them deep, and firm as e'er

The mountains which begirt them 'round,

And now in lands afar, as near,

The work those pilgrims wrought hath sound.

We call them Pioneers, 'tis true, They were in all that makes a state;

The Schoolhouse rose, the Press, it grew, The Church and Sabbath did not wait.

God prospered them, and blessed their hand,

But for that fact they would have failed,

And perished on the desert sand

But with it, brave hearts never quailed

Till now, gaze on the pictured scene,

This central city loved and fair;

With pleasant homes and farms between

The nestling towns of Utah rare

The railroad binds us to the east,

Its lines grasp firmly to the west;

By spanning wires, this world, at least,

In Utah finds a welcome rest!

And every day there comes from far,

The countless items of mankind,

The rising sun and evening star, Give each their quota for the mind

Change—

'tis a mighty, mighty change, Undreamt by those of early times,

And there will come a grander range

E'er thirty more years ring their chimes.

We may not see that crowding host,

Who shall these valleys fill that day;

But they will not forget to boast,

Of those who dauntless came this way.

O! when these festive times come round,

With gift and gladsome wish to them,

May truthful manhood there abound,

The tide of self and wrong to stem

So, shall this mountain nation be

To all the world a shining light,

Its Press a force from sea to sea,

Its aims for God, for man and right.

Each sterile waste, strong arms shall wrest, }

Their silence give to bud and fruit,

And life shall swell with tropic haste,

To song of birds and sound of lute.

O land, how blest! O manhood, crowned

Blessings of earth and heaven are thine,

God and His priesthood here hath four.d

Room for a Paradise enshrined H. W. A.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, January, 1881.

GETTING RICH.

There is among the young men of our community, as well as in the world, a desire for wealth, and the comforts, conveniences, and power that the possession of means secures.

This disposition, often amounting to passion, besides being inherent in men of modern times, is stimulated in the breasts of the youth by observing the lives of those, successful in the pursuit of riches, upon whom positions of honor and power are bestowed to crown their triumph in the financial struggle of life.

We will offer nothing, in the way of objection, to the accumulation of wealth.

We wish, however, to write upon the methods of getting it, and the responsibility of those possessing it.

In Utah the two principal industries are agriculture and mining.

The first of these is the primitive and surest occupation in which man can engage for a livelihood;

its profits may not be so large as some other industries, but in the long run they are more reliable, and will secure a competence in afterlife, to the industrious man who faithfully follows it.

The husbandman is often spoken of as nature's nobleman, and the most independent character among men.

Certainly his labor lies at the root of all other occupations; without it nothing else could be a success.

The pleasure the toilers of the soil experience in the possession of lands and the production from the elements of the necessaries of life, is more evenly distributed along their path than in any other pursuit, for they depend upon the elements, which are not subject to the variableness of men, and upon their own industry for success, the guardian of pleasure.

In our time the proprietorship of lands is the more desirable from the consciousness we have that we are not only dependent upon God for their productiveness, but that we hold our possessions as the dominion of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth.

Mining as a legitimate business promises for a small outlay larger returns than any other industry, though it is perhaps the most precarious of laborious pursuits.

The chances are against the masses who engage in it, either as owners or workers of mines.

The profits are usually in cash, the most easily dispensed, and therefore the worst commodity, for lasting benefits, that can be placed in the hands of men.

The associations characteristic of mininaare generally demoralizing, and the pleasure of the pursuit is spasmodic.

To such an extent is the latter true, that the ecstacy of hope, which a good lead inspires, is regularly followed by depression that overbalances it.

The continual succession of these extreme feelings through life, associated with the intemperance which is almost sure to accompany them, destroys the power of enjoyment, and though a bonanza may finally be struck, the luxurious surroundings of the owners that ensue, will not bear comparison with the peace and plenty which fills the life of the hale and hearty farmer, who has pursued the even tenor of his way, wresting from the soil he has cultivated a competence for old age, and a home for his posterity.

Besides these chief occupations, which employ thousands of people, there are others which the necessities of the times and the universal desire for wealth have established among us:

merchandizing, railroading, banking, dealing in stocks and bonds, stock raising and manufacturing may be named as the most successful.

The first of these is entirely a speculative industry;

it produces nothing, but consists in accumulating the articles of human consumption at one price, and distributing them to the people at an advanced one.

Those engaging in it de-

EDITORIAL.

rive their profit from the difference in the purchasing and dispensing prices, which is great or small, according to the conscience of the merchant and the competition of his rivals.

It is, however, considered a gracious and complimentary thought that attributes conscience to a merchant.

Railroading, in its employment of labor and development of natural resources, is a source of great wealth to any country, and would benefit the people, but for the fact that railroads are generally built and operated ih the interests of bondholders and monopolists, who not only reap the profits arising from them, but in many cases exert a tyrannical preference for one district over another, that is often oppressive and ruinous.

Particularly is this observed where there is no competition, as in Utah.

Since the advent of the great Pacific roads in this Territory, the discrimination in charges against our people and in favor of the Pacific Coast, and latterly, of Montana and Idaho, have been most apparent.

On principles of justice, nothing could be more dishonest than to charge passengers and freight from Omaha to Ogden the same prices that are required to convey them to the end of the Utah and Northern track in Montana; but "corporations have no souls,"and monopolists are sovereign dictators, ruot servants of the people.

In an important respect, railroading is one of the best great industries for a frontier community; the machine shops which railroads establish, afford opportunities for young men to learn mechanism, and give them employment in that branch, where educated labor is most appreciated and best paid.

We will not mention banking and dealing in stocks as inseparably connected, though generally the holding and investment of depositor's money, and speculation in stocks and bonds, go together.

There is, however, a question, on the responsibility of capitalists in the employment of the means they have accumulated, intimately connected with banking and bonds.

It is this: To what extent are capitalists who have amassed fortunes by speculation upon the people, accountable to the people for the investment of their means?

If, by merchandising or other speculative means, large sums are obtained by individuals in the community, and are invested through the banks in non-taxable bonds out of the Territory, is not an injustice done to the increasing population of the Territory, who require the investment at home, of all accumulated wealth to give them employment and secure their residence within the Territory?

We think that it is a shame and uncomplimentary reflection upon the possessors of capital in Utah, that the sons of those from whom they have amassed their fortunes can be spared from home industries, so much needed among us, to go to Colorado and neighboring territories, building railroads.

There is no more promising region in our great country for manufactures than here in Utah:

the facilities of many towns besides Salt Lake, as Provo and Logan, are hardly excelled in the world.

Natural location with abundance of water, railroad connections and a people devoted religiously to the principles of home production, with skilled mechanics in almost every industry, combine to invite the investment ot capital in manufacturing enterprises;

from the converting of the bone, lying on the plains, into buttons^ to rolling out rails from the iron mountains of the south.

If the youth of our people are to be denied trades and occupation at home in the future as in the past, w Te may spread over more land and enlarge our domain, but we will remain poor.

Utah cannot expect to be materially benefitted by her sons colonizing Arizona and Colorado.

She looks for her growth and the development of her wonderful resources, by harboring the labor of her children and directing it in the production and manufacturing of those things that will make her independent of the outside world.

There is no principle of political economy more sound or essential for the welfare of any people, than that which secures them the balance of trade in favor of their exports, over what they are obliged to import from other

A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

states.

It appears to us that the future prosperity and wealth of Utah depends upon the energy which her people display, in establishing home industries, that will not only supply themselves but yield a surplus for exportation to neighboring territories and states.

In the single article of clothing, the factories already established are producing goods of such superiority that they can be readily sold beyond the boundaries of Utah;

yet this industry is so infantile in its proportions, that here in Salt Lake City there are more merchants'engaged in selling imported custom made clothing, than in any other single business, groceries excepted.

There can be no doubt as to the profitableness of manufacturing.

Most articles made abroad, that can be imported into our Territory and sold with a paying margin, can certainly be produced at home at a profit, if we have the facilities and the skilled labor.

For the manufacturing of some things we may be deficient in both, but who will pretend to say that we have exhausted either, upon the majority of industries which at present employ the mechanics, of the world, at our expense?

Let bygones he bygones; remember how deeply,

To Heaven's forbearance we all are in debt;

They value God's infinite goodness too cheaply

Who heed not the precept—Forgive and forget.

A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

What associations that phrase recalls

What vivid pictures of the past, what prophetic visions of the future There is no other particular day recognized as a holiday, so significant of happiness to me, as the first day of the new year. The term, a "happy new year,"so long and so universally applied, has given it tone and prestige; and a glad response springs from the heart of each recipient, when the accustomed salutations are interchanged.

There are few people indeed in civilized countries, who do not observe some special ceremonies on "New Year's

Day."Customs change somewhat in detail, but in reality they have been much the same for the last hundred years.

The season itself is calculated to conduce to happiness: and happiness is the phantom that all pursue.

In winter, families come into closer accord;

a great share of labor which calls one from home is necessarily laid aside, and more time is usually devoted to fireside conversation, to reading, to study, and to employments that savor of the home.

Home! what a magic word Is there a human heart that does not feel a thrill of pleasure, whenever the word home is uttered? How many tender recollections, how many sacred reminiscences it brings to mind The word has a peculiar meaning to the Latter-day

Saint, who knows so well what it is to be an exile; but I must return to my subject, New Year's Day and winter pleasures, when the outside world is under the absolute sway of the king of frost and snow, and we depend upon the domain within, for companionship and amusement. The harvest has been gathered, and its fruits garnered away;

the husbandman rejoices in the abundance he has reaped from his toil, and the good wife, who shared in the husband's labors, partakes of the enjoyment, and a spirit of peace broods over the habitation, and contentment sits with them at the hearthstone.

New Year's Eve finds the family seated round the fireside—the bright warm curtains are closely drawn, and each"one tries to interest the other.

The little folks in the background prattle in childish pastime, and sport their new dolls and Christmas toys, while the older ones recite snatches of verse and sing old-time songs.

How many enchanting stories of fairies and genii have been repeated by the winter fire, when the taper burned low, and voices were hushed, save the one on whom all were gazing, while they listened with strained eyes and bated breath.

The situation has its effect.

How often in childhood have I listened to these

A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

marvelous tales, told with a grave loftiness of manner, while, in the reflection of the flickering fire light, fantastic shadows flitted about, and seemed to take on living forms;

and every nerve thrilled with the intense excitement, producing an impression never to be effaced.

Ah where was I? At New Year's Eve! Here let me pause awhile, for my heart is full!

Is it not needful that we all pause, for one retrospective moment, and look back over the hills of the radiant past, and ask our own hearts some solemn questions, which each one is best prepared to answer for himself?

What precious fruit have we garnered for the soul's heritage?

What bread cast upon the waters? What evil have we overcome in our own erring natures, and what sacrifices have we made of self?

If we have not been seeking wisdom from the living fountain of knowledge, it is a good time now to commence.

The year is slipping fast away, soon the New Year will be upon us;

it seems almost as though we were parting with an old friend, so strong is the imagination.

It is an eve of sadness and yet of joy;

there are many pleasant realisms, which fill the lap of life with blessings; and if there are some sorrows, some regrets, some human pain, let us acknowledge God in all things, and, trustful in His providences, look into the bright new year with hopeful glance, never doubting His kind care and protection.

The New Year!

Yes, I hear the bells ringing, and their echo is answering back, telling such tales!

O, those wondrous bells!

I linger, pen in hand, to catch the sound;

like magic their spell is upon me—are there no bells ringing here to-night?

What was it then?

I heard the rich tones floating in the air.

Ah me! the bells of memory!

Is fancy then so powerful?

O those merry, merry bells! what a vision they have presented to my view.

I am a child again for one brief moment; in an old fashioned house I see familiar faces, I hear them sing—they open the doors, and a flood of music fills the whole house, echoing from room to room;

it is the music of the midnight bells;

and all at once a rich burst; the melody of human voices in joyous chorus, shouting "A happy new year!"As I sit alone by the fire, and the echo of the far away past dies out in the long distance, another later scene springs up in freshness before my enchanted gaze.

Through the sparkle of pearly tear drops, I behold in shadow, a familiar face, all gentleness and smiles; how gracefully she moves, and round her flock a multitude of friends, young and beautiful!

She is in the full bloom of perfect womanhood, the purest type of maiden loveliness. A moment more—the vision's fled.

Bursts of pent up agony swell to heaven in earnest prayers for strength;

for she is with us now no more; she has gone in all her innocence and purity, but her loving manner, her tender words, her characteristic good humor can never be forgotten.

These are the visions that haunt one on the threshold of the new year.

She lives in that beautiful, happy land,

Away on the evergreen shore, Where temples of beauty immortal stand,

And there's rest forevermore.

Tenderly we take leave of the old; reluctantly we reach out to the future, knowing not what it may bring in its train.

We are blest to-daj'—friends, loving, warm and true are round about us.

How grateful all should be who are surrounded with the blessed luxuries of home and friends.

The new year is a fitting time for re-unions, sweet interchanges of affection, the precious endearments that sweeten the cup of life, the graces that embellish the sanctuary of the heart.

There should be no deceit, no affectation at such seasons, but heart speaking to heart without flattery or empty compliment.

Let it be one of the fresh, green places in our lives towards which, in after years, we may turn with a sense of infinite restfulness a refuge of peace in moments of pain.

That which ye sow, ye shall also reap—

if we sow seeds of love and kindness in youth, may we not anticipate a rich harvest of blessed love in return, when the winter of age has silvered over the

A SSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

shining hair, and one by one, bright hopes, fondly nurtured, have faded away?

While we cherish reverently the beautiful past, and our hearts yearn for the tender tones that have long since been forever hushed in the stillness of death let us not forget the living, who are hungering all around us for love and affection.

It is well to be fully alive to the needs of the overflowing present, for no greater a°-e was ever ushered in than the one in which we are now living.

There are grand possibilities to engage in of sufficient importance to satisfy the most ambitious; but nothing gives to life such complete fulness of expression as domestic happiness.

Without it the whole world is an aching void.

The greatest men who ever lived, while standing upon the pinnacle of fame, have felt the sorest need of sympathy, have pined for true, unselfish devotion.

Strong in intellect, yet, in moments of weakness and doubt that come alike to all, needing human love to give them courage.

Everything which tends to exalt human character should be encouraged, and the cultivation of the domestic affections assuredly ennobles and beautifies life.

The homes of the people are sure indications of their capabilities.

Build up the home, fortify it with walls of affection, hedge it round with delicate germs of tenderness, and let it be ever curtained with gentle charity.

Like fragrant flowers along our pathway, whose perfume lingers with us, long after passing, are the blessed holidays, scattered here and there along the road of life, helping to brighten the dreary way;

and one of the best of these is New Year's Day.

Amethyst.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NEW TESTAMENT SUBJECTS.

DISPENSATION OF THE MERIDIAN OF

TIME.

Period, from the year I B.

C.

to 97 A. D.

1. Annunciation of John the Baptist (1 B. C).

Luke i.

2. Annunciation of Jesus Christ (1 B. C).

Luke i.

3. Birth of John the Baptist, (1 B. C).

Luke i.

4. Birth of Jesus Christ, meridian of time.

Matt, ii; Luke ii.

5.

Infancy and childhood of Christ.

(a) The Shepherds at night.

Luke ii.

(d) The wise men from the East.

Matt.fi.

(c) Presentation when eight days old, in the Temple.

Luke ii.

(d) Flight into Egypt, and Slaughter of the Innocents.

Matt.

ii.

(e) Twelve years old in the Temple.

Luke iii.

6.

Calling of John the Baptist, and his prophecy concerning Christ (A. D. 26).

Luke iii; John i.

7. Baptism of Jesus Christ, by John the Baptist, in Jordan (A. D. 26).

Matt, iii; Mark i.

.

8. The Temptation (A. D. 27).

Matt.

iv; Luke iv.

9. Proclamation of His authority (A.

D. 31).

Luke iv.

10.

Calling of the Twelve Apostles (A.

D. 31).

Mark iii; Luke vi.

1 1.

His commission to His Apostles (A.

D. 32).

Matt, x; Luke ix.

12. The "Transfiguration"(A. D.

32).

Mark ix; Luke ix.

13. Appointment of the Seventy (A. D.

23).

Luke x.

14.

Christ's entry into Jerusalem (A. D.

23).

Matt, xxi; Luke xix.

15. The Lord's Supper (A.

D.

33).

Matt, xxvi; Mark xiv; Luke xxii; John xii, xiii.

16. Gethsemane (A.

D.

33).

Matt.

xxvi; Mark xiv; Luke xxii.

17.

Christ's Betrayal (A. D. 32).

Matt.

xxvi; Mark xiv; Luke xxii; John xviii.

18. The mock trial, (a) Before the High Priests.

Markxv; Lukexxiii;

John xviii.

(5) Before Herod.

Luke xxiii.

\c) Before Pilate.

Matt, xxvii;

Mark xv; Luke xxiii.

(d) The condemnation.

Matt, xxvii;

Markxv; Luke xxiii; John xix.

(c) On the way to Golgotha (A. D.

33).

Matt, xxvii; Mark xv; Luke xxiii;

John xix.

19. The crucifixion and burial (A. D.

THE NINE BIBLES OF THE WORLD.

33).

Matt, xxvii; Markxv;

Lukexxiii;

John xix.

20.

Christ's descent to the world of spirits; preaching to the spirits in prison (A. D. 33).

John xx 1 Pete/ iii, iv.

21. The Resurrection (A. D. 33). Matt, xxviii; Markxvi; Luke xxiv; John xx.

22. The "Forty Days"(A. D. 33).

Matt, xxviii; Markxvi; Luke xxiv; Acts i.

23.

Christ's last will and testament before His ascension (A. D.

33).

Matt, xxviii:

19, 20; Mark xvi:

15—18; Luke xxiv.

24. The Ascension (A. D.

33).

Mark xvi; Luke xxiv; Acts i.

25. The Pentecost (A. D. 33).

Acts ii.

26. Imprisonment of the Apostles (A.

D. 33).

Acts v.

27. Stephen (A. D. 34).

Acts vi, vii.

28. Conversion of Saul, afterward Paul the Apostle (A. D. 37).

Acts ix.

29. Cornelius (A. D. 41).

Acts x, xi.

30. Martyrdom of James and imprisonment of Peter (A. D. 42).

Acts xii.

31. Travels and preaching of Paul, in Asia Minor, Palestine, Greece, Italy and the islands in the Mediterranean Sea.

32. Paul (A.

D.

60):

(a) Before the High Council.

Acts xxiii.

(b) Before Felix.

Acts xxiv.

(6~) Before Festus.

Acts xxv.

(d) Before Agrippa.

Acts xxvi.

33. Paul at Rome (A. D. 61 to 63). Acts xxviii.

34. The epistles of Paul (A. D. 52 to 63).

(a) To the Thessalonians (2);

written at Corinth.

(b) To the Galatians (1);

written at Corinth or Ephesus.

(c) To the Corinthians (2);

written at Ephesus.

(d) To Timothy(2); written in Macedonia.

e) To Titus (1).

'/) To the Romans (1); written at Corinth.

(g) To the Ephesians (1);

written at Rome.

(h) To the Phillippians (1);

written at Rome.

(/) To the Colossians (1);

written at Rome.

(J) To Philemon (1);

written at Rome.

(k) To the Hebrews (1); written at Rome.

35. The Epistles (A. D. 61 to 90).

(a) James (1);

written in J udea.

(b) Peter (2);

written at Rome.

(c) John (3) written at Ephesus.

(d) Jude (1).

36. Revelation of St. John the Divine (A. D. 96).

37. The "Gospel"of St. John (A.D. 97).

THE NINE BIBLES OF THE WORLD.

The nine Bibles of the world are, viz:

the Koran of the Mohammedans, the Eddas of the Scandinavians, the Tripitaka of the Buddhists, the Five Kings of the Chinese, the three Vedas of the

Hindoos, the Zend-Avesta of the Persians, the Book of Mormon of the Nephites, the Book of Doctrine and Covenants of the Latter-day Saints, and the Holy Bible.

The Koran is since the seventh century of the Christian era, and is quotations from the Old and New Testaments, the Talmud and the Gospel of St.

Barnabas.

The Eddas of the Scandinavians was first published in the fourteenth century.

The Tripitakas of the Buddhists contains sublime morals and pure aspirations, but their author lived and died in the sixth century B. C.

The sacred writings of the Chinese are called the Five Kings, "Kings"meaning web of cloth, or the warp that keeps the threads in their place;

they contain the sayings of the best sages on the ethics and political duties of life; these sayings cannot be traced to a higher period than the eleventh century B.

C.

The three Vedas are the most ancient writings of the Hindoos, and it is the opinion of Max Miiller, Wilson, Johnson and Whitney, that they are not older than from the eleventh century B. C. The Zend-Avesta of the Persians contains the sayings of Zoroaster, who was born in the twelfth century B. C.

Nephi wrote his books, which are the first part of the Book of Mormon, in the sixth century B.

C.

The Book of Doctrine and Covenants was first published, April, 1830.

Moses lived and wrote his Pentateuch fifteen centuries B.

C.

and the Holy Bible therefore has a clear margin, three hundred years older,than the most ancient of other sacred writings.

There is nothing

I2( HEBREW CAPTIVITY AND CONSTANCY.

of excellence in any of these sacred books that is not to be found in the Bible, and as a fact, it is the tr-ue foundation of all excellent writings, and useful acts.

The Bible is the grandest of all sacred writings;

it contains three million five hundred and sixty-six thousand four hundred and eighty letters, eight hundred and ten thousand six hundred and ninetyseven words, thirty-one thousand one hundred and seventy-three verses, one thousand one hundred and eighty-nine chapters, sixty-six books.

The word "and"occurs forty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-seven times within its lids, the word "reverend,"only once, viz:

in the third verse of the eleventh Psalm.

The word "Lord,"one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five times.

The middle and least chapter is the one hundred and seventeenth Psalm.

The twenty-first verse, eighth chapter of Ezra, contains the alphabet.

About the finest chapter to read is the twenty-sixth of the Acts.

The nineteenth chapter of 2 Kings, and the thirty-seventh chapter of Isaiah are alike.

The shortest verse is the thirty-fifth, eleventh chapter of St. John.

The eighth, fifteenth, twentyfirst and thirty-first verses of the one hundred and seventh Psalm are alike.

Each verse of the one hundred and thirtysixth Psalm ends alike.

There are no words or names in the Bible of more than six syllables, Jno.

Thoi'geirson.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

Hkman's Bible Almanac.

Price, 15 cts.

at all book stores and Dsseret News office.

This is the only home almanac for 1881.* It contains, besides the calendar and phases of the moon, a passage of Scripture for each day in the year, and some very applicable selections from Holy Writ for the national and religious holidays.

If the author continues almanac publishing, we may look for some fine annuals in the future on the basis he has laid in this his first publication.

Everyone should see it.

The Youth's Companion, a weekly illustrated paper for young people.

Price, $1.75 per annum;

address, Perry Mason & Co., Boston, Mass.

The closing numbers of the fifty-third volume of this, one of America's best juvenile publications, have reached us.

They are filled with interesting stories, instructive and exciting incidents of adventure, travel and biography.

The children's department is bright and entertaining, while under the heading, "Nuts to Crack,"are some of the best puzzles we have ever seen published.

The moral and educational tone of the Companion is unexceptionable.

The new volume, commencing in January, promises to be better than any previous one.

We cannot advise a better investment for an imported juvenile publication, than to subscribe for the Companion.

HEBREW CAPTIVITY AND CONSTANCY.

{Psalm cxxxvii.) Where rivers of Bab'lon are flowing,

Carried captive in chains to them,

We sat in deep agony weeping For the fate of Jerusalem.

Our captors with jeering required us

To sing them the songs we had sung

In Zion, of beauty and splendor;

But our harps on the willows we hung.

For how could we sing to the strangers

Who carried us captive away, Destroyed the fair prospects of Salem,

And made her high places their prey?

No never shall this heart forget thee,

Jerusalem, champion of right;

Thy preference shall be my chief pleasure,

And thy glory my greatest delight.

Lord, think of the children of Edom,

Who strove for Jerusalem's fall;

When comes their just day of destruction,

Be deaf to their pitiful call.

Lay low the defenders of Bab'lon,

And hasten to bring on the day,

When they shall receive the same measure

They meted to us, in their sway.

ADVER TISEMEN! S.

JAKE HEUSSER, Practical Gunsmith, IMPORTER AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF RIFLES, WITH EVERY MODERN IMPROVEMENT.

Breech and Muzzle Loading Shot Guns.

PISTOLS A\'D AMIM10.1 OF EVER! DESCRIPTION.

A large variety of Fishing Tackle and Pocket Cutlery.

Rifle Clubs supplied with the best guns at liberal discount.

Regulation rules of the National Rifle Association kept on hand.

1st South St., No.

2nd South St, A Shooting Gallery,—Reduced 200 Yard Target,—dn the Premises.

P. 0. Box 625.

WHITE & SONS, ProprietorsHave always on hand the choicest of meats in season. Pork and Beel Sausages

Bologna and all kinds of dried meats.

$W All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, West Temple Street,

Opposite City Meat Market.

LOGAN BRANCH Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS.AJSTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C, H.

S. ELDREDGE, Superintendent.

R.

S. WATSON, Manager.

ADVER TISE MEATS.

WHEN YOU BUY THE BEST, IT WILL SURELY BE

A. BAIN WAGGON, They have long been tried, and have stood the test better than any other wagon.

It is so with the Oliver Chills!

and Molins Flows, Tiger Ha;

Rakes, Champion Machines, Triumph Drills, Vibratk and. Scotch Harrows, Hardwood and Wagon

Material.

f^T These are first-class goods, and we guarantee full satisfaction.

HOWARD SEBREE, Salt Lake.

SEBREE, FERRIS & HOLT, Ogden.

JAS. T.HAMMOND, Bookseller & Stationer, LOGAN CITY, UTAH.

CABBIES A FULL, LIST OF CHURCH WORKS Always has In Stock tire Standard Historical, Biographical and Literary Works.

MAKES A SPECIALTY OF Furnishing on Short Notice, ANY (Periodical or (Book (Published in the United States.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT fitVEK to Y. H. M.

I, A'S, MORRIS & EVANS, GRAVE AND MONUMENTAL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS,

BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P.

0. Box, 1065, SALT LAKE CIT7.

SEARS A IilHDIi'E, GENERAL SEALERS IN Grain, Flonr and Seeds, East Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED Studebaher Farm and Spring Wagons, Buckeye Mowers and

Reapers, Furst 8f Bradley South Bend Chilled Ploivs,

Harrows, Sulky Plows and Bakes,

Etc.

HARDWOOD, D0L7S, IRON, STEEL, CHAINS, & ALL

KINDS OF FARM FIXTURES.

We kindly invite our friends to call and examine our stock before purchasing elsewhere.

FRED.

TURNER, Superintendent.

AD VERTISEMENTS.

F. AUERB ACH & BRO., In their New 3 Story Buiding,"^^ 124 and 126 East Temple Street.

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND HOUSE FURNISHING DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CLOAK AND SHAWL DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and Knit Goods of every description.

CLOTHING AND GENERAL FrRNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERY AND FANCY GOOD'S DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Dcmsstic

Hosiery, Laces, Fringes, Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs..

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOLESALE BUYERS, Will find our Stock Larger than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINERY in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from (his and adjoining Territories and States Solicited, and honorable treatment Guaranteed.

:f. ^"cnE^B^aiEi sz beotheb, ESTABLISHED 1864.

W. H. Yearian.

C. L. Hanxaman.

W, a. TEAEMW dt €q„MEN'S FURNISHING GOODS——AND FINE HATS, SHIRTS, COLLARS AND CUFFS,

To Order and Ready Made.

UNDERWEAR & HOSIERY, NECKWEAR, SILK & LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, ETC,

Large Assortment, Latest Styles, at Popular Prices.

W. H. YEARIAN & Co., 122 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

CONTRIBUTOR, Volume One, Handsomely Bound, ^ZRICIE,.

.

.

$2.50.

A FEW MOKE VOLUMES LEFT.

Address:

vJXJ^TITJS 3K WELL'S, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

AD VERTISEMENTS.

mW 53"q a Wall Paper/ Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, ^PS8SHP8 -.

.-.. JMqi Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window.

„Cornices, Window Shades, -Wmwm gggsfsaaaste LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DINWOODEY'S, First South. Street, Salt Lake City.

15 CENTS BIBLE ALMANAC, For the year of our Lord IBfit Published by J. H. Heman, Salt Lake City, Utah Territory.

Ask for it in the Bookslores.

Sent by mail, postpaid, 15 cents.

WM.

H, PETERSEN, BUTCHE The Choicest Meats at the Cheapest Prices.

la^S First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

D.

C. YOUNG, C. E., iiECHITECT.

Plans, Specifications and Estimates Furnished for City and Country Residences Meetinghouses, and all classes of Public Buildings.

Surveying and Drafting Done.

Office in Old Constitution Building.

P.

0. Box 654, Salt Lake City.

GREAT REDUCTIOS I2ST PRICES!

Dry Goods, Groceries, BOOTS AND SHOES.

We pay the HIGHEST (PRICE forfill Kinds of Produce.

DRIED FRUIT A SPEQIAITT Orders by Mail- will have Careful Attention.

DAY & CO., P. 0. Box. 428.

Salt Lake City.

PROVO MANUFACTURING COMPANY.

A 0. SMOOT, PREST, JAMES DUNN, SUPT.

MANUFACTURERS OF WOOLEN GOODS, FLANNELS, YARNS, ETC.

The quality of Our Goods is Unequalled by Importations, and the Prices are as Low.

WE GUARANTEE SATISFACTION TO DEALERS O.A.SH ^^.XTD for "WOOLr.