VOL.

Ill DECEMBER, 1881, No.

3.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

E. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, UTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR CONTENTS FOR DECEMBER, 1881.

Sermons ajid Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

III.

Priesthood The Planet Jupiter y. B.

Toronto.

Reply to Ingersoll.

II Fera.

J.

Young Chronology of the Hindoos.

Ill Wm.

Fotheringham..

The Faith Promoting Series R. W.

Young Chronicles of Utah.

X Beta Opposition y. B. K.

Objections to the Book of Mormon.

I Gen.

Reynolds The Echo Canon War.

II Vaux Cajolery and Flattery H.

W.

Naisbitt Darwinism yatnes H. Hait Trials y. L. Townsend Editorial:

Notice to Subscribers Roll and Record Smoking Christmas Amethyst Fault Finding William U>. Taylor Love one Another L. W. E Some Savage Fancies Association Intelligence:

Notice Answers to Questions Questions to Answer PAGE...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

£9 9i 9i I3ST WALNUT FRAMES.

OIF PEICE $2.50 A PAIR. Josephand Hyrnm Smith,.A.T CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

Brj Katiowa.

CAPITAL, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIRECTORS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Prest., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-P,est.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROSBECK.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

WALKER BROTHERS.

WE INVITE ATTENTION TO OUR IMMENSE STOCK OF

J^JSTJJ HOUSEHOLD GOODS, JUST RECEIVED FOR THE FALL TRADE, EMBRACING lk|uttos, VolntSp Body Brnssebp Tapsstry tails, Throe PIjs, Iipss, Etc.

OUR PRICES ARE ALWAYS THE LOWEST

WALKER BROTHERS, SALT LAKE CITY.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SCHDITLER FARM. FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH, AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Matost Im.pF§v©^ Fm^m Machines,

AGENT J^OTi. THE CELEBEATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling "Wire and JPatent Bale Ties.

o AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pmups, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw- Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederick Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO. A. LOWE, OGDEN. UTAH.

ZF-CnraSTTTTTIESIE, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, I I Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

OIPiWOODEY'S, First South. Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER PRICE $25.

KNITS A SOCK IN 5 MINUTES.

Can teach you to Knit in ONE HOUR.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VARIETIES!

4 Ton Scales, $60, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc.,

JOHN"*W. SInTEXjIj.

One Block Couth of Theatre.

P. 0. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

4.1.

-.

4*.

^-JL.

.

4.4 'i|ite| mi pferot wrotea Hills,

MANUFACTURERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET, 2tf"e2rt to J"enxiix3.g-s cSc Soxis.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS -AJSTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MahesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY,

INK, to?

WM. JENNINGS, R.

S. WATSC Superintendent.

Ma

ADNERT1SEMENTS.

123, 125, 127, 129, 131 MAIN STREET Salt Lake City, School and College., etc., Feathers, etc.

Children's Carriages and Boys'Wagons Special Terms For introduction given by Educational Department of L L. BAICBOR I 00,, 721. IL^Csirlsiet St., SEND FOB CATALOGUES.

W.

H.

PITTS, W.

H. SHEARMAN.

FIRST IDIR/LTG- HIOTTSE TIN"TTTJ^TT, Keep a Full Line of DRUGS, PATENT MEDICINES, PAINTS, OILS,

BRUSHES, VARNISHES, PERFUMERIES, TOILET AND FANCY ARTICLES IN GREAT VARIETY,

MILLING- AND ASSAYING GOODS, CHEMICALS, ETC.

Stock almost daily replenished so that friends may rely on

PURE AND FRESH GOODS!

Very Important Considerations to Consumers of Drugs.

Special Attention is invited to the Large and Personally Selected Stock of Fancy and Useful Holiday Goods now arriving.

Prescriptions accurately and promptly prepared, DA Y or NIGHT, by able, gentlemanly and Experienced Pharmacists.

Have proved themselves our friends, and, while we desire to thank them for past patronage, we beg to assure them of the most Courteous Welcome and attention whenever they favor us with a call.

pS° We shall esteem it a special favor if patrons will promptly report to us any cause of dissatisfaction.

PRICES ALWAYS AS LOW AS ANY HOUSE IN UTAH.

Drs. Benedict's Offices over our store.

C3"O.LJJB-Ej, FITTS <2Z CO.

THE

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

DECEMBER, 1881.

No.

3.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS PRIESTHOOD.

In order to investigate the subject of the Priesthood, so important to this, as well as every succeeding generation, I shall proceed to trace the subject as far as I possibly can from the Old and New

Testaments.

There are two Priesthoods spoken of in the Scriptures, viz., The Melchisedec and the Aaronic, or Levitical.

Although there are two Priesthoods, yet the Melchisedec Priesthood comprehends the Aaronic or Levitical Priesthood, and is the grand head, and holds the highest authority which pertains to the Priesthood, and the keys of the Kingdom of God in all ages of the world, to the latest posterity on the earth, and is the channel through which all knowledge, doctrine, the plan of salvation, and every important matter is revealed from heaven.

Its institution was prior to "the foundation of this earth, or the morning stars sang together, or the Sons of God shouted for joy,"and is the highest and holiest

Priesthood, and is after the order of the Son of God, and all other Priesthoods are only parts, ramifications, powers and blessings belonging to the same, and are held, controlled and directed by it.

It is the channel through which the Almighty commenced revealing His glory at the beginning of the creation of this earth, and through which He has continued to reveal Himself to the children of men to the present time, and through which He will make known His purposes to the end of time.

Commencing with Adam, who was the first man, who is spoken of in Daniel as

OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

being the "Ancient of Days,"or in other words, the first and the oldest of all, the great grand progenitor of whom it is said, in another place, he is Michael, because he was the first and Father of all, not only by progeny, but the first to hold the spiritual blessings, to whom was made known the plan of ordinances for the salvation of his posterity unto the end, and to whom Christ was first revealed, and through whom Christ has been revealed from heaven, and will continue to be revealed from henceforth.

Adam holds the keys of the dispensation of the fulness of times; i.e., the dispensation of all the times have been and will be revealed through him from the beginning to

Christ, and from Christ to the end of all the dispensations that are to be revealed;

Ephesians, chap, i, 9th and 10th verses:

''Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he has purposed in himself:

that in the dispensation of the fulness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth in him."Now the purpose in Himself, in the winding up scene of the last dispensation, is that all things pertaining to that dispensation should be conducted precisely in accordance with the preceding dispensations.

And again.

God purposed in Himself that there should not be eternal fulness until every dispensation should be fulfilled and gathered together in one, and that all things whatsoever, that should be gathered together in one in those dispen-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

sations unto the same fulness and eternal glory, should be in Christ Jesus;

therefore He set the ordinances to be the same forever and ever, and set Adam to watch over them, to reveal them from heaven to man, or to send angels to reveal them; Hebrews, i, 14:

"Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister to those who shall be heirs of salvation."These angels are under the direction of Michael or Adam, who acts under the direction of the Lord.

From the above quotation we learn that Paul perfectly understood the purposes of God in relation to His connection with man, and that glorious perfect order which He established in Himself, whereby He sent forth power, revelations and glory.

God will not acknowledge that which

He has not called, ordained and chosen.

In the beginning God called Adam by His own voice.

See Genesis iii, c^ 10:

"And the Lord called unto Adam and said unto him, Where art thou?

And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and

I was afraid because I was naked, and hid myself."Adam received commandments and instruction from God;

this was the order from the beginning.

That he received revelations, commandments and ordinances at the beginning is beyond the power of controversy;

else how did they begin to offer sacrifices to God in an acceptable manner?

And if they offered sacrifices they must be authorized by ordination.

We read in Genesis iv, 4. that Abel brought the firstlings of the flock and the fat thereof, and the Lord had respect to Abel and to his offerings.

And again, Hebrews xi, 4, "By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous,

God testifying of his gifts; and by it he being dead, yet speaketh."How doth he yet speak?

Why he magnified the Priesthood which was conferred upon him, and died a righteous man, and therefore has become an angel of God by receiving his body from the dead, holding still the keys of his dispensation;

and was sent down from heaven unto Paul to minister consoling words, and to commit unto him a knowledge of the mysteries of godliness.

And if this was not the.case, I would ask, how did Paul know so much about Abel, and why should he talk about his speaking after he was dead?

Hence, that he spoke after he was dead must be by being sent down out of heaven to administer.

This, then, is the nature of the

Priesthood; every man holding the Presidency of his dispensation, and one man holding the Presidency of them all, even Adam;

and Adam receiving his Presidency and authority from the Lord, but cannot receive a fulness until Christ shall present the Kingdom to the Father, which shall be at the end of the last dispensation.

The power, glory, and blessings of the

Priesthood could not continue with those who received ordination only as their righteousness continued;

for Cain also being authorized to offer sacrifice, but not offering it in righteousness, was cursed.

It signifies then, that the ordinances must be kept in the very way God has appointed; otherwise their Priesthood will prove a cursing instead of a blessing.

If Cain had fulfilled the law of righteousness, as did Enoch, he could have walked with God all the days of his life, and never failed of a blessing.

Genesis v, 22: "And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters, and all the days of Enoch were three hundred and sixty-five years; and Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him."Now this Enoch, God reserved unto Himself that he should not die at that time, and appointed unto him a ministry unto terrestrial bodies, of whom there has been but little revealed.

He is reserved also unto the Presidency of a dispensation, and more shall be said of him and terrestrial bodies in another treatise.

He is a ministering angel, to minister to those who shall be heirs of salvation, and appeared unto Jude, as

Abel did unto Paul;

therefore Jude spoke of him, 14th and 15th verses; "And

Enoch, the seventh from Adam, revealed these sayings:

Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousand of his Saints."

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

Paul was also aquainted with his character, and received instructions from him; Hebrews xi, 5;

"By faith Enoch was translated, that he should not see death, and was not found, because God had translated him;

for before his translation he had this testimony, and that he pleased God but without faith it is impossible to please him, for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a revealer to those who diligently seek him."Now the doctrine of translation is a power which belongs to this Priesthood.

There are many things which belong to the powers of the Priesthood and the keys thereof, that have been kept hid from before the foundation of the world;

they are hid from the wise and prudent, to be revealed in the last times.

Many may have supposed that the doctrine of translation was a doctrine whereby men were taken immediately into the presence of God, and into an eternal fulness, but this a mistaken idea.

Their place of habitation is that of the terrestrial order, and a place prepared for such characters, to be held in reserve to be ministering angels unto many planets, and who as yet have not entered into so great a fulness as those who are resurrected from the dead. See Hebrews xi. part of the 35th verse; "Others were tortured, not accepting deliverance, that they might obtain a better resurrection."Now it was evident that there was a better resurrection, or else God would not have revealed it unto Paul. Wherein then can it be said a better resurrection?

This distinction is made between the doctrine of the actual resurrection and translation;

translation obtains deliverance from the tortures and sufferings of the body, but their existence will prolong as to the labors and toils of the ministry, before they can enter into so great a rest and glory.

On the other hand, those who were tortured, not accepting deliverance, received an immediate rest from their labors.

See Revelations xiv, 13; "And I heard a voice from heaven, saying, Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, for from henceforth they do rest from their labors and their works do follow them."They rest from their labors for a long time, and yet their work is held in reserve for them, that they are permitted to do the same works after they receive a resurrection for their bodies.

But we shall leave this subject and the subject of terrestrial bodies for another time, in order to treat upon them more fully.

The next great grand patriarch, who held the keys of the Priesthood, was Lamech.

See Genesis v, 28, 29;

"And Lamech lived one hundred and eightytwo years and begat a son, and he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and the toil of our hands because of the ground which the Lord has cursed."The Priesthood continued from Lamech to Noah, Genesis vi, 13, "And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is before me, for the earth is filled with violence through them, and behold, I will destroy them with the earth."Thus we behold the keys of the Priesthood consisted in obtaining the voice of Jehovah, that He talked with him in a familiar and friendly manner, that He continued to him the keys, the covenants, the power and the glory, with which He blessed Adam at the beginning; and the offering of sacrifice, which also shall be continued at the last time;

for all the ordinances and duties that ever have been required by the Priesthood, under the directions and commandments of the

Almighty, in any of the dispensations, shall all be had in the last dispensation therefore all things had under the authority of the Priesthood at any former period, shall be had again, bringing to pass the restoration spoken of by the mouth of all the holy Prophets; then shall the sons of Levi offer an acceptable sacrifice to the Lord.

See Malachi iii 3;

"And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver, and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the Lord."It will be necessary here to make a few observations on the doctrine set forth in the above quotation, as it is generally

THE PLANET JUPITER.

supposed that sacrifice was entirely done away when the Great Sacrifice was offered up, and that there will be no necessity for the ordinance of sacrifice in future; but those who assert this are certainly not acquainted with the duties, privileges and authority of the Priesthood, or with the Prophets.

The offering of sacrifice has ever been connected, and forms a part of the duties of the Priesthood.

It began with the Priesthood, and will be continued until after the coming of Christ, from generation to generation. We frequently have mention made of the offering of sacrifice by the servants of the Most High, in ancient days, prior to the law of Moses;

which ordinances will be continued when the Priesthood is restored with all its authority, powers and blessings.

Elijah was the last Prophet that held the keys of this Priesthood, and who will, before the last dispensation, restore the authority and deliver the keys of this Priesthood, in order that all the ordinances may be attended to in righteousness.

It is true that the Savior had authority and power to bestow this blessing;

but the sons of Levi were too prejudiced.

"And I will send Elijah the Prophet before the great and terrible day of the Lord,"etc., etc.

Why send Elijah?

Because he holds the keys of the authority to administer in all the ordinances of the Priesthood;

and without the authority is given, the ordinances could not be administered in righteousness.

It is a very prevalent opinion that the sacrifices which were offered were entirely consumed.

This was not the case;

if you read Leviticus, ii, 2, 3, you will observe that the Priest took a part as a memorial and offered it up before the Lord, while the remainder was kept for the maintenance of the Priests; so that the offerings and sacrifices are not all consumed upon the altar—but the blood is sprinkled, and the fat and certain other portions are consumed.

These sacrifices, as well as every ordinance belonging to the Priesthood, will, when the Temple of the Lord shall be built, and the sons of Levi be purified, be fully restored and attended to in all their powers, ramifications and blessings.

This ever did and will exist when the powers of the Melchisedec Priesthood are sufficiently manifested else how can the restitution of all things spoken of by all the holy Prophets be brought to pass?

It is not to be understood that the law of

Moses will be established again with all its rites and variety of ceremonies; this has never been spoken of by the Prophets;

but those things which existed prior to Moses'day, namely, sacrifice, will be continued.

It may be asked by some, what necessity for sacrifice,since the Great

Sacrifice was offered?

In answer to which, if repentance, baptism, and faith existed prior to the days of Christ, what necessity for them since that time? The Priesthood has descended in a regular line from father to son, through their succeeding generations.

See Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

THE PLANET JUPITER.

If the reader will look into the eastern heavens about dusk, he will notice high up above the horizon more than half way to the zenith, a very bright star, of a pure white color.

This is not a fixed star, but one of the planets ot our solar system, for if we observe it carefully from one evening to another, we will soon find that it does not remain in the same position with reference to the stars that are situated in its vicinity, and this shows that it wanders about among them, and hence is one of the planets.

It is the colossal Jupiter, the largest member of our system, except the sun.

His diameter is about eighty-six thousand miles, while that of the earth is only seven thousand nine hundred and eighteen, hence his surface would be more than one hundred times that of the

THE PLANET JUPITER.

earth, while his volume would be about thirteen hundred times greater.

We can, however, get a better idea of their relative sizes, by comparing them to some familiar objects, for instance, if we represent the earth by a pea, then Jupiter would be about as large as an orange.

Though Jupiter is so many times greater than the earth in size, he weighs only two hundred and thirteen times as much, this is because the material of which he is made is not more than one fourth as dense as that of the earth.

His diameter is not the same in all directions, for the one that runs from pole to pole is about five thousand miles shorter than those that run through at the equator.

Here we notice then a resemblance to the flattening of the poles on our own earth, and on further consideration we see at once the cause, and also why it should be so much greater than with us.

This great planet whose circumference is more than ten times that of the earth, revolves in less than one half the time of our own little globe, and in consequence of this rapid motion, the centrifugal force generated has drawn so much more of his substance away from the poles toward the equator.

He is situated at the immense distance of four hundred and eighty million miles from the sun, though at times he is many millions of miles nearer to the sun or farther away, because his orbit, like the earth's., is not round, but longer through in one direction than in another, and the sun is not in the centre of this figure but nearer to one side.

Our chief source of heat and light is the sun, but the farther away we go from the sun, the less heat and light we get, in fact the amount decreases much more rapidly than the distance away, for at the distance of Jupiter the heat and light are only one twentyfifth as great as on the surface of the earth.

Yet notwithstanding this small amount of light, he shines with so much brilliancy that some astronomers believe feim to give forth light of his own, in addition to that he receives from the sun and sends back to us by reflection.

This last supposition is no doubt incorrect, as it has been demonstrated that if his surface can reflect sixty-two per cent of the light he receives from the sun, it will readily account for his brilliancy.

In order to do this, the material of his surface would not need to be very different from that of the clouds above the surface of our earth.

To make one complete revolution around the sun, in his immense orbit, it requires a period of nearly twelve of our years, so that one month on Jupiter would be equal to one of our years.

As he is so far away from the sun, the attractive force of the latter, is not so great upon him as it is upon the earth, and hence he does not need to travel so fast, to prevent him from being drawn into the sun, so he travels only at the rate of eight miles per second, while our earth goes at the rate of more than eighteen miles, and those planets that are nearer to the sun than we are, travel still more rapidly.

When examined with a telescope, his surface is seen to be marked by two dark bands, one on each side of the equator.

With a very powerful telescope those bands present an appearance quite diversified, much more so than one would naturally suppose.

They look very much like those long layers or bands of clouds that we very frequently see in the western horizon when the sun goes down.

They are not permanent, but subject to great changes of form and often in a very short time, this shows at once then, that they are not markings on a solid surface, but rather cloud masses carried hither and thither in the atmosphere of the planet.

If we could take a birdseye view of the earth's surface, and see the clouds and winds, we would doubtless notice something analogous in the trade winds that blow constantly in the equatorial regions from east to west;

and perhaps similiar causes produce the bands of Jupiter.

In these bands dark spots have been noticed, a few times, and these remain in the same position for months, in some cases.

No explanation has yet been given for these.

Though they are not understood, they have still been put to some use in determining the planet's

7o THE PLANET JUPITER.

time of rotation on its axis.

It is about ten hours, much less you see, than the time for our small earth to make one revolution.

It seems quite probable, that we do not see the solid planet at all but only the cloud-envelope, that surrounds the planet, and is suspended high up above his surface in the uppermost regions of his atmosphere.

The planet has many points of resemblance to the earth, but when compared with the sun it is found to be much more like the latter.

Hence, as we have shown above, there are sometimes spots near the equator, and no where else, like the dark spots on the sun's surface, found near the equator only.

As in the case of the sun, the centre is brighter than the margin of the planet, but this is common to all the planets if they are surrounded by an atmosphere.

Another analogy supposed by some, is that he shines by his own light, but if this were the case then the moons that belong to him would not entirely disappear when they enter his shadow cast by the sun; but as they are totally invisible in this position, we naturally infer, that if he does shine by his own light, the quantity given out must be exceedingly small.

Though he may give no light, there can be no doubt that he is the centre of great activity, and consequently of great heat.

For though the changes which we can see going on under our eyes, in the cloud-envelope may seem insignificant,we have only to reflect for a moment on the great size of the planet, and compare the changes with those that take place here, when we shall soon see the wide difference.

Some of the hurricanes blow at the rate of two hundred miles per hour, a rapidity that is never attained by winds on this earth.

According to Herschel, a wind traveling at the rate of ninety miles per hour, would be sufficient to overturn and destroy all but the most strongly built houses, and to uproot the largest trees, and every increase, of one mile in this rate, adds immense force, thus we can imagine what it might be, when increased by one hundred and ten miles.

Here on the earth, storms may last six or seven days, but usually they die out before the end of the third day, but on the surface of Jupiter, the hurricanes continue not uncommonly for six or seven weeks.

From what we have already shown, it is easy to see that no inhabitants could live in such a place, but when we come to enquire the cause of these fearful wind storms, the probabilities in favor of inhabitants living there grow much less even than before.

The winds, rains, and other storms with us are produced by the heat of the sun as we have explained in former articles, but no such cause would account for the great changes going on over the surface of Jupiter, because there, the sun's heat is only one twenty-fifth of what it is here.

We must then look for some other cause; and the only rational one that presents itself to our view, is that the planet itself, has not yet cooled off and may be still in a molten state.

At times, in the regions of the equator, the surface appears of a rosy tinge, and it may be that here, we see the body of the planet below, through openings made in the cloud-envelope, or more likely through the comparatively clear atmosphere.

These clouds are no doubt watery vapor condensed like the clouds of our earth, and as the solid body of the planet, is still red hot, this watery vapor cannot fall upon its surface, for as soon as it approaches, in its descent, the hot surface, it is immediately turned into steam and sent back again to the upper regions of the atmosphere to dispose of the heat by radiation into space, and then it begins to fall again to get another load, to cool off the central ball, just as our earth did in some past time.

The physical constitution of the planet as above given will also account for its extreme lightness as compared with the earth.

The cloud-envelope, in consequence of the great heat of the centre ball is held off at a great distance, perhaps thousands of miles, so that we really see only a hollow cloud shell, while in the centre of this, the planet is to be found.

Another fact also goes to

REPLY TO INGERSOLL.

prove the truth of this;

it is that the planet does not appear to be of the same shape all the time, thus showing that what we see of it is composed of a yielding substance, and not a solid matter.

Another analogy to the sun has also been noticed, for like the great centre of our system, the planet's equator seems to make a revolution in less time than the parts on each side.

This is also another proof that what we see of Jupiter is not solid.

From the position of his equator to the plane of his orbit, the seasons remain the same throughout his long year, equal to twelve of ours.

The sun rises and sets in the same quarters of the heavens, varying only a few degrees from summer to winter, so that he has a climate of perpetual spring.

Instead of one moon, as with us, he has no less than four.

These may be seen with almost any ordinary telescope, though very often one or more of them may be situated immediately in front of the planet or behind it, so as not to be seen.

The nights on the planet have been described as exceedingly beautiful, from the number of moons that might be seen at any one of them, but when we remember that each one of these receives only about one twenty-fifth of the light our moon receives, the appearance of the heavens is not likely to be so brilliant as was at first supposed.

y. B. Toronto.

It is only right that he who asks forgiveness for his offences, should be prepared to grant it to others.

Horace.

REPLY TO INGERSOLL.

11.

The first direct question of Mr. Ingersoll, presented in this part, is this: "Why should there be more than one correct account of anything?"For the same reason that the Constitution of the United States requires, at least, two witnesses to the same overt act in order to convict a man.

The second question; "Why were four gospels necessary?"There never was but one Gospel given to man, and there never will be another.

It is known to theologian and to deist that the writings of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John received the headings of gospels from the translators.

They are all historical and speak sometimes of the same events, sometimes, of different.

They are no more entitled to the headings of gospels than the writings of Peter, James or Paul.

They were necessary to establish better the divinity of their authenticity, just as four witnesses to the same fact in a court of justice are better than two.

One can scarcely comprehend how Mr.

Ingersoll could have allowed himself to make this broad, sweeping statement: "And not one word from the first mistake in Genesis to the last curse of Malachi contains the slightest intimation that God will punish in another world."One quotation will disprove the statement: "But my salvation shall be forever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished. And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcasses of the men that have transgressed against me: For their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched;

and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh."

Isaiah Ixvi: 24.

The New Testament nor the writings of John base salvation upon belief, except wherein that belief leads to works;

first, Repentance, or the forsaking of all sin; second, Baptism;

third, Laying on of hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost.

Mr.

Ingersoll starts out to say nothing of interpolations, but immediately tells us there is one in Mark.

Like Mr. Black, I am beginning to think that Mr. Ingersoll never read the Bible, for I find in his article these astounding words, regarding Luke's writing:

"It says not one word as to the necessity of believing on Jesus Christ, not one word as to the atonement, not one word upon the scheme of salvation, and not the

REPLY TO INGERSOLL.

slightest hint that it is necessary to believe anything here in order to be happy hereafter."There are here, four direct references:

first, to the necessity of belief on Jesus Christ;

second, to the atonement;

third, to the scheme of salvation; and fourth, to a hint as to the necessity of a belief in anything here in order to be saved, or happy, hereafter.

Let us turn to Luke and see if these be wholly true;

chapter xii, verses 8 and 9 read thus, "Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God; But he that denieth me before men, shall be denied before the angels of God."It may be claimed that to confess is not to believe on, but to do the one and not the other would be hypocrisy, which, even Mr. Ingersoll knows, if God does exist, He will not reward.

Second, chapter i, verse 68 reads, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, for he hath visited and redeemed his people;"chapter xix, 10: "For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost;"chapter ii, 11: "For unto you is born this day in the City of David a Savior which is Christ the Lord."Third, John the Baptist said to the multitude "Who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come.

Bring forth, therefore, fruits worthy of repentance."Luke iii, 7:

"Then he said, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose; He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire."A very plain plan of salvation!

Fourth, As to a hint regarding belief, read Luke viii, 12:

"Lest they should believe and be saved."The atonement attracts Mr.

Ingersoll's attention next, and it is a worthy subject.

His remarks are good as far as he treats of the views of the church, as he calls it, and not the teachings of the Bible.

The spirit of man existed before he was born of mortal woman, but in the birth he gained a mortal body.

This is the result of Adam's fall, whatever that fall may have been, and I thank my father Adam for giving me this great privilege; but another result followed. Mortal bodies are perishable and death came.

The world understands the soul to be the spirit of man, and sometimes it is so spoken of in the Bible;

but the true definition is the united spirit and body.

I have said that the mortal body is perishable.

How shall the soul be saved?

It was gained in mortality by Adam's fall to be lost in immortality unless some redeeming power shall have come.

The Spirit of God has power to overcome all things; and Jesus, having all power in heaven and on earth, and possessing this Spirit, took upon himself a mortal body and endured unto death without sin.

By this perfection, he retained the Spirit of God and was enabled to immortalize the body, thereby reuniting the body and spirit, and, in very fact, saving the soul.

He yielded his life to open the way for the salvation of every soul, and demonstrated His love for mankind in the most perfect manner, as He himself says: "This is my commandment, that ye love one another as I have loved you.

Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."—John xv, 12, 13, Now Mr. Ingersoll can understand why one man died for another's sins, and while the atonement does not save me from my own sin, it opens the way faith unto works—by which I can save my soul in the immortal state.

Let all mankind thank Adam for his transgression, let all fall down and worship the risen Redeemer.

The question is asked, "If there was no general atonement until the crucifixion of Christ, what became of the countless millions who died before that time?"And it has been often asked by theologians. The answer is simple. The crucifixion was a future event known by man;

from the time of the creation belief in it was taught.

The judgment day is yet to come, and those "countless millions"will be taught the principles of life and salvation, having their free agency to accept it or not; those who do, will have the ordinances performed for them here on earth, according to the teachings of Peter and Paul.

And those, too, who have died since, without a knowledge of

REPLY TO INGERSOLL.

the atonement, will be privileged to accept or refuse in the same manner.

Those who have heard, and have not believed, will fall short of their inheritance, for no man can hear and follow the instructions given without being convinced.

Those who seek with honest hearts to find the truth, never fail, but those who read with but the object to overthrow get farther and farther from the truth.

Following these questions, are many ifs and consequential results, then a tirade on what the church has done, not doctrines of Christ but the church then a truth gets in, saying, "the Lord knew of these things,"and the assertion follows, "He died with voiceless lips.""Why did He fail to speak?"Has Mr.

Ingersoll ever read Revelations?

"And made all nations to drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornications."

He asks, "Why did He not tell His disciples, and through them, the world, that man should not persecute for opinion's sake, his fellow man?"Can words be plainer than these: "But I say unto you, love your enemies, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you?"He asks, "Why did he not plainly say I am the Son of God?"Because he told it in more forcible language, "Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God; and Jesus answered and said, Blessed art thou Simon

Barjona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which art in heaven."The doctrine of the Trinity is explained to any one who will read, it consisting of the Father, the Son—both personages of whom man is the image—and the Holy Spirit, by which all things are governed.

Jesus told the manner of baptism when he used that word to denote the ordinance, for to baptize means to immerse or to dip, and every reference in the Bible to baptism refers to that mode.

As to the resurrection, what matters to us the details of another life if we are only assured that there is a happy one, and this Jesus does?

He turned "the hope of heaven to a knowledge thereof,"but the world "loves darkness, rather than light,"and will not accept of that knowledge.

He went "dumbly to his death,"to rise above all things, which testified to the world, in tones louder than words would have done, of the glorious resurrection which awaits all the honest and faithful in heart.

The noble sentiments of ancient writers which are quoted have no bearing on the subject, unless it be to show that just man approaches to God in his nature.

I can express no wonder at the ideas given concerning the eternal punishment;

for a greater mistake was never made than when it was taught that punishment lasting through all eternity awaited every being not of the so called church, whether he had heard its doctrines or not.

Jesus said, "And none of them is lost but the son of perdition."Wherein the error occurs is in the meaning of the word eternal.

God is eternal, and is called Eternal eternal punishment means God's punishment.

But, while all except the sons of perdition will be saved, and permitted to enjoy a glory greater than any earthly enjoyment, some will become Gods, with the presence of the Father and Son; some, angels with only that of the Son, and others, with varied degrees, as ministers unto the angels above them;

these various glories being meted out according to the works of the partakers thereof while on earth.

The argument concerning the Bible being written by man is a useless flow of words, for none believe otherwise.

I do believe that the men were inspired to write it.

Whether or not the ancients possessed a knowledge of geology, I am unprepared to say; but they have demonstrated in their building of the Pyramid of Cheops that they possessed a better knowledge of astronomy than science has to-day;

and, as to their history which they have handed down to us no one has ever been able to refute it, while the fulfilment of their prophecy has demonstrated its own accuracy.

To the series of questions propounded^ as a Christian, I respond that I believe that if God were to re-inspire men to write the Bible, we would find the re-

CHRONOLOGY OF THE HINDOOS.

production a duplicate of the original, without the errors that men have added to it;

that Jehovah is the same to-day as four thousand years ago:

that His infinite mercy has not become more merciful that His wisdom is the same, infinite;

I claim neither that the passages upholding slavery have liberated mankind, nor done it an injury;

neither Mr.

Ingersoll nor I can judge that matter.

I am happy to say that the present Christian world is not indebted to polygamy for its modern homes;

for there never was a time when immorality and deceit were practiced so freely;

when the social evil was so prevalent; when disease was so extant;

when marriage vows were so easily broken;

when illegitimacy reigned so supreme,and scandal of all sorts so filled every newspaper, as now, among what is called civilization.

I do not claim that religious liberty found its soil, light and rain in the verse referred to, but do claim that the cause for stoning the woman freed the act from a semblance of religious persecution;

for the woman knew God lived, was permitted to enjoy His direct revelations, as Mr.

Ingersoll himself states, and sought to offend without the plea of ignorance or sincerity.

It is almost laughable to hear Mr.

Ingersoll say he insists this, and he insists that.

So does the Rev.

Mr.

Jasper, of Virginia, insist that the sun goes around the earth.

It does not,however.

Then Mr.

Ingersoll condescends to admit the truth of some, if others of the Biblical passages are expunged.

I don't know why this should be done, as the fact of their not being admitted as such cannot affect their truth or falsity.

Not noticing further Mr.

Ingersoll's musts, his absurd questions, his implications of doctrines in the Bible which are not there, his self-judging of what is right and wrong and, above all, his constant avoidance of anything like a basis for an argument, but ever keeping open a way for retreat, I will close by stating that the Bible is an inspired book;

that there is a resurrection, and that each of us will have to answer for his own works.

Fera L. Young.

CHRONOLOGY OF THE HINDOOS.

in.

The history of primitive times clearly indicates that many of the children of Noah, prior to their dispersion, had forsaken God, and, consequently, lost the Spirit of revelation.

Nimrod, the grandson of Ham, was their head centre, and, as the curse put upon Ham began to develop itself on him, he used all his powers to instill unbelief in the hearts of the people, so as to lead them away from God.

From what can be gleaned from ancient records, this certainly was their true condition.

When the confusion of languages took place, the people naturally merged into classes—families speaking the same tongues clinging together.

We have an abridged history, contained in the book of Ether, giving us a key, which may be generally used, showing how Jared, his brother, their families, with a few social friends and their families, migrated from the tower of Babel.

However, they had an advantage over their fellow colonists, as the brother of Jared was a Prophet, who could approach the Lord and receive His mind;

also, they had in their possession the records of the past, to guide them;

still, notwithstanding, with these aids, they subsequently strayed from the Lord.

The colonists that migrated into Italy, Greece and the eastern parts of Europe, as hunting was the principal occupation through which they obtained their living, very soon became rude and barbarous.

It is not my design to theorize in relation to the wandering of the several tribes which migrated from the great tower,but to confine myself to that particular class which colonized India.

I design, briefly, to elucidate the classification of that people, their form of government, their laws,

CHRONOLOG Y OF THE HINDOOS.

their system of taxation, their religion and manners.

The colony which eventually became the Hindoo nation, undoubtedly, like the Jaredites, took their flocks and herds, and ranged eastward, following a pastoral life, subsisting upon the milk of their flocks, and what game they could find on the way; each head of a family following the occupation of a shepherd, having few wants and very limited resources within their reach to supply their necessities.

When permanently located, they adopted the cultivation of the soil, which seemed to them a more substantial living.

In this condition, as society progressed, the mixture of employments must have been severely felt.

The husbandman was occupied in the preparation of shelter and clothing for himself and family (for the Hindoos were the most advanced nation of antiquity, in the manufacture of fine fabrics), or he might be attending to some other industrial pursuits necessary to supply their few wants, or peradventure, his time might be taxed in repelling the raids of an enemy.

While a great portion of his time must undoubtedly have been occupied in the above pursuits, the labors of the field were left to lay and be neglected.

When the Hindoos were confronted with this unpleasant situation, it became necessary to organize themselves into a simple form of a political association, wherein those dwelling together could benefit each other, or to use the language of Plato, "one man affording one accomodation, another another, and all exchanging the accomodations which each can provide, for the different accomodations provided by the rest."Under this condition of things it became necessary to institute the simplest form of the division of labor and employments.

The master spirit among the Hindoos, or their legislator, organized the community into four orders or castes.

The Brahmans or priests were the first, the Kshatriyas or soldiers, the second;

the Vaisyas or husbandmen, the third;

and the Sudras or servants, the fourth.

In this classification the children of the Brahmans were compelled to marry within their own caste, and so on with the other orders, each caste marrying within itself.

This arrangement was well guarded, and severe penalties inflicted npon all who invaded its precincts or violated the rules of the order.

The sons born in this union were compelled to follow the occupation of their fathers through all generations.

This step toward accelerating the improvement of a rude state of society, by organizing the division of employments, must have been in vogue among the people while they dwelt at Babel.

In scanning the very imperfect history that is extant in relation to the ancients, we learn that the Hindoos were not the only people that adopted this system.

We glean that the Egyptains, the Medes, the

Persians, the Colchians, the Iberians, as well as the ancient Anglo-Saxons and Britons, were organized into four classes, namely, the priest, the military people, the husbandman and the artificers.

The system must have been handed down by tradition from their ancestors.

Among these primitive communities, the priest appeared to have stood at the head of the other classes.

According to the sacred books of the Hindoos, the Brahman emanated from the mouth of the Creator,which is the seat of wisdom, hence his superiority over all the other classes. The Kshatriyas sprang from the arm of Deity, and became the defenders of all the others castes.

The Vaisya proceeded from his thigh, and the Sudra from his foot.

Doubtless these rude tribes borrowed their order of priesthood from the fathers, who were once in possession of the genuine.

The degenerate sons soon becoming corrupt, introduced a counterfeit authority,the exercise of which has generally been found to usurp the greatest dominion in the lowest state of society. On the other hand, those holding the true Priesthood are held responsible by the Heavens, to bring the people that will listen, to the same standard of intelligence that they themselves possess.

The Brahmans once held an unbounded influence over the inferior castes. No

Pagan or Christian priest ever acquired

THE FAITH PROMOTING SERIES.

and maintained a more exalted and extensive authority over their respective peoples, than did the Brahmans.

As great a distance as there is between the Hindoo priest and the Deity, so great a distance is there between the Brahman and the inferior castes.

He stands at the head of all other classes of society.

His principal duties are the reading of the Veda, and teaching it.

To give alms and receive gifts, perform sacrifice, and teach others iu the formula of sacrifice.

He alone has power with Deity to intercede for blessings and benefits for his fellow mortals.

The lower castes are barely allowed to read the sacred books.

The priest himself must do the expounding;

and receive homage from all other classes.

It is a great crime to be rude and disrespectful to him.

"For contumelious language to a Brahman,"says the law of Menu, "a Sudra must have an iron style, ten fingers long, thrust red hot into his mouth; and for offering to give instructions to priests, hot oil must be poured into his mouth and ears."Even should any of the exalted classes, in argument with a Brahman have the best of it, or strike him with a straw, it would be necessary for the offender to appease the priest by humbling himself in the dust before him.

The Brahman springing from the most superior part of Diety, his birth alone gives him great prestige.

According to their ancient books, he is an object of veneration even by the gods, who, among the Hindoos, number three hundred and thirty millions.

The King is forbidden to provoke him to anger, for once enraged, he has the power to destroy the monarch, with all his munitions of war.

I will here make a quotation from the first book of the laws of Menu, page 93, which is good logic:

"Of created things, the most excellent are those which are animated;

of the animated, those which subsist by intelligence; of the intelligent, mankind;

and of men, the sacerdotal class;

of priests, those eminent in learning; of the learned, those who know their duty; and of those who know it, such as perform it virtuously; and of the virtuous, those who seek beatitude from a perfect acquaintance with scriptural doctrine."

William Fotheringham.

THE FAITH PROMOTING SERIES.

We are a people with a history.

In all the range of seventy centuries there have been but few successions of events that approximate in interest to the rise and progress of "Mormonism."In the varied pages of our history, and in close dramatic order, are the marvelous, the sublime, and the pathetic;

the adventures and travels of our missionaries equal the wildest imaginings of Jules Verne, while their experiences in proclaiming the Kingdom of God at hand, read like fairy tales.

There are thousands of incidents in the public and individual history of our Church, each of which could furnish the scheme for a story of surpassing interest.

The sacrifices of our Elders, their unswerving fidelity under sufferings and privations such as Satan alone could concoct; the poetical staunchness of the sisters all wear a more magnificent fabric of devotion than even the Scriptures contain.

There is food in our past for the epic genius of a Milton, whose Paradise

Regained would not have proved inferior to the Paradise Lost, had the great poet lived to see the latter-day redemption.

From the beginning of my reading days, I have looked in vain for those accounts of the lives of our leading men, and for those volumes of Church history, which we would naturally expect to find connected with a work of such magnitude and importance.

It always struck me that there are various reasons why these works should exist, for if there is anything which, to the inquiring mind, would be conclusive evidence of the divinity of "Mormonism,"it is our history, for God has written His name on every page of it.

THE FAITH PROMOTING SERIES.

I knew that by long and tedious labors, a great deal of our history could be gathered from detached sketches in the Millennial Star, from discourses, and from various other works; but I did not know where to turn to find a continuous life of Joseph Smith, of Brigham Young or of any of the Apostles, or a sufficient history of the Church, under one binding.

Of late years, the want has been met to a certain extent, but even yet there is no

Church History.

So, it is with the greatest pleasure, and with the satisfaction of a hope realized, that we of the younger or Utah generation of the people welcome the priceless little volumes of the Faith Promoting Series; and, indeedj they could not have been more fitly namedjfor, after the perusal of the eventful lives of our Elders, and the numberless and evident instances of God's interposition in their behalf, we instinctively exclaim, "God, Thou hast indeed manifested Thyself again; may we prove as worthy of Thy grace as those who have gone before us!"In the second book of the series, as we count each pearl of the string, we are conscious of a greater accession of living faith than even the most devout Catholic felt, while telling the beads of the rosary. The genial Elder Staines, who was beloved and is mourned by all who knew him, writes the interesting narrative of his sojourn among the Poncas.

A few characteristic sketches of President Jedediah M. Grant's mission in the Southern States are given, and they evince him to have been what all who knew him pronounced him to be—a man of individuality.

His happy discourse on "nothing"developed a readiness to turn an adverse scale in his favor, which would be an invaluable aid to every missionary.

The book is set with many other pearls.

"Gems for the Young Folks"prove to be crown jewels for those who, although young, are yet too old to be classified as young folks;

this little work is a continuation of the previous volume and contains a number of sketches by well known

Elders of eventful days in their lives.

The fourth volume is the Apostle Woodruff's "Leaves from my Journal."From the days of my earliest acquaintance with this veteran Apostle, I have regarded him as perhaps the most faithful man in the Church.

There is a something in the public speaking of the man, in the way he has of stating the principles of the GospeLin our knowledge of his life-long consistency under the most deflecting influences, in the manner he walks and gesticulates, in fact, in his every action, and now we find, in his style « of writing—which stamps him at once, at every thought and impulse, a Saint.

His life, we know, has been a long, busy and eventful one, and his devotion to

Truth, nearly co-existent with the days of the Church.

It was with peculiar interest that we looked for, as it is now with great satisfaction that we read, portions of Brother Woodruff's life, as given to us in his own inimitable language.

As we repeated, God has done everything, the Apostle nothing, and this is breathed in a spirit which admits of no misconstruction, and which no amount of uninspired genius could imitate.

The Prophet Joseph reminded the Twelve, before they were sent to England, that they were to teach and not to be taught;

this is a principle, the truth of which Brother Woodruff has always felt; he knew, and his life demonstrated the fact, that he could teach the world in that most important of all considerations—how to be saved.

This little book would strike you, on account of its unpretentious character,as worth twenty-five cents;

to which you would add, say.

another seventy-five, because Brother Woodruff had written it.

However, after you have tasted the spirit which permeates it, learned the priceless lessons of faith it contains, and read of the unmistakable exhibitions of the power of God in these days, which it mentions, it is no longer a thing of traffic, a ticketed article of commerce;

but it becomes an invaluable casket filled with what we most need—the Spirit of the Gospel.

In "My First Mission"are the budding days of a man who, in many respects,

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

is one of the most interesting public personages in the Church.

Naturally, to the outside world, both from his long Congressional career, and from various writings, President Geo.

Q. Cannon is known as one of the pillars of the Church.

He has lived a highly successful past, has an encouraging present, and his future can be viewed with scarcely more interest by himself than by thousands of his friends in the Church.

No man has done more to set "Mormonisin"in its proper colors before the world, than Delegate Cannon.

We love to learn of the first mission of a man who has deservedly reached such an honorable position, and in the pages of this book, which tells of his wonderful errand to the Sandwich Islands, we learn the secrets of his subsequent success—they are, energy and faith.

With these mighty tools he has wrought out a career.

"My First Mission"tells of the opening of the now flourishing Island Mission, of Brother Cannon's gift of interpretation, of the translation of the Book of

Mormon into the Hawaiian language, and breathes a faith budding spirit from "Preface"to "Finis."There is abundant material for many more of these little works, so similar to the Scriptural mustard seed, both in size and intense faith—may they be rapidly forthcoming.

R.

IV.

Young.

Cheerfulness is a good companion.

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

The year 1853 was commenced well in Zion.

At eight o'clock in the morning, the quorum of the Twelve Apostles met at the Council House in Salt Lake City, and from thence, visited President

Young, who was at that time Governor of this Territory.

Most of the leaders of Israel received similar visits of respect;

the bands playing enlivening tunes;

the public rejoicing greatly.

These were days of primitive simplicity, everything favored the new settlers;

although but little more than five years had passed away since the first half acre of land had been broken up, by the plough of William Carter, in Salt Lake Valley, thousands of acres were under cultivation, and numerous settlements were alive with toiling, happy citizens.

As a fitting termination to New Years Day, the Social Hall was opened for company for the first time.

A distinguished company were present upon the occasion, and the Corps Dramatique assembled.

Among the vocalists, are recorded in the Deseret News, the names of Mr.

Dunbar, Mr.

Kay and family, Mrs.

Wheelock, the "African Band,""dressed for the occasion,"who performed a number of negro melodies.

A speech was delivered by Mr. James Ferguson, who congratulated the Saints on the occasion of opening the first hall, constructed for the practice of the drama, in Salt Lake City.

The public drama commenced on Monday evening,

January 19, 1853, and appears to have been a source of great enjoyment to the people of this city, being well attended, "house full to overflowing"being among the reports of the press.

On February 14, a large assembly met on the Temple Block to witness the ceremony of consecration of the ground for the Temple to be built there.

President Brigham Young and his Counselors were present to select the site of the Temple; Truman O.

Angel, the architect, and Jesse W. Fox, surveyor, completed the survey by eleven o'clock in the morning, when the President and Council, and the Twelve Apostles, removed to the east line, and Marshal Little, aided by the police, pointed out the boundaries of the Temple to the assembled thousands, in the midst of whom, President Young delivered a most thrilling address.

The united bands added greatly to the solemnity of the occasion the consecrating prayer was offered bv President Heber C. Kim-

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

ball, the Twelve Apostles assisting in removing the first earth preparatory for the foundation of the Temple.

The Mayor of the city, J. M. Grant, represented the city, and assisted in the imposing ceremonies.

A good idea of the comparative value of real estate at this time, may be formed from the following advertisement:

"For sale or rent.

The house and premises, consisting of three city lots, under good fence, adobie house, by 40, adobie stable, by 22, on Emigration St., S. W. corner of the nth

Ward, opposite the cedar post.

The whole premises can be rented for $8 per month, or bought immediately for $500 in cash or stock."From February 14th to Conference time, a great deal of work had to be done in the preparation of the ground for laying the foundation of the Temple.

The committee of arrangements, by order of Lieut.

Gen.

D.

H.

Wells, detailed guards and escorts: Capt. David

Pettigrew, in command of a body of "Silver Greys,"Capt. P. C. Merrill, with a company of the nth Regiment, infantry; Col. Duzette, to muster and arrange the several bands for duty; Maj. Gen.

J. M. Grant, marshal of the day.

The sixth of April was a very lovely day, "the sun, the sky, the atmosphere, the earth, appeared neither too cold nor too hot, nor lukewarm;

all seemed filled with life, real life;

adapted in all their several temperaments to each soul, to cheer and make happy every individual of the many thousands of aged, middleaged and youth, who had assembled from the near and remote parts of this inhabited valley."After the opening of Conference in the

Tabernacle, the general authorities of the Church proceeded to the Temple ground.

The First Presidency laid the southeast corner stone of the Temple;

the Presiding Bishop and Council, with the Presidents and Council of the Lesser

Priesthood, laid the southwest cornerstone;

the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, with the First Presidency of the Seventies, and the President and Council of the Elders quorum, laid the northeast cornerstone;

the northwest cornerstone was laid by the Presidency of the High Priests quorum, with the President of the Stake and High Council.

The southeast cornerstone was dedicated by President

Heber C. Kimball;

after an oration by Presiding Bishop Hunter;

Bishop Cordon dedicated the southwest cornerstone;

the northwest cornerstone was dedicated by Elder G.

B. Wallace, after an address by John Young, President of the High Priests quorum;

the northeast cornerstone was dedicated by Elder Orson Hyde, after an address by Elder Parley P.

Pratt, both of the quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

After prayer by President B.

Young, the procession returned to the Tabernacle.

The First Presidency, Brigham Young,

Heber Chase Kimball and Willard Richards;

Presiding Patriarch, John Smith;

the Twelve Apostles, O. Hyde, P. P. Pratt, John Taylor, W. Woodruff,

E. T. Benson, G. A. Smith, A. Lyman, C.

C.

Rich, L.

Snow, E.

Snow and Franklin D. Richards were present at this Conference;

Orson Pratt being away on a mission to the States;

Presidents of the Seventies, Joseph Young, L. W. Hancock, Z. Pulsipher, H. Herriman, B. L. Clapp, A. P. Rockwood and J.

M.

Grant;

Presidents of the High Priests quorum, John Young, R. Cahoon and G.

B.

Wallace;

President of the Stake, David Fullmer; Clerk of Conference, Thos.

Bullock;

Reporter, G.

D.

Watt; Superintendent of Public Works, D.

H.

Wells;

Architect, Truman O.

Angell.

The Indians gave some trouble during the month of April, thirty mounted men left Salt Lake City for the southern counties on the twenty-sixth.

Governor Brigham Young, as Indian Agent, was also very active in taking steps for the safety of the people in the settlements.

The early part of the year 1853 was a time of intense activity in Zion, the laying of the foundation of the Temple; the building of the Temple wall;

the construction of the railroad from the quarry at Red Butte to the Temple, for the pur-

8o OPPOSITION.

pose of hauling rock for building purposes;

the enlargement of the Lord's Storehouse or Tithing Office; the finishing of the Social Hall, and other public buildings, besides a large number of stores and private residences, made a large amount of labor.

Besides this, the 'brethren were actively engaged abroad in missionary labors;

Brother Orson Pratt, in the City of Washington, directed the energies of the Elders in the States, in the midst of which labors, the Seer was projected and published.

Home manufacturing was not lost sight of, and efforts continued to be made, under many difficulties, for the purpose of supplying the wants of the rising community.

Beta.

OPPOSITION.

Stronger than the east wind, more powerful than the wave of the ocean, is the principle which this term implies.

Whichever way we may turn to investigate, there we find opposition, in some shape, to resist every effort.

In a multiplicity of ways it permeates every form of nature, and is omnipresent.

In one form,where it resists inanimate objects and sometimes those having life—it is called "friction,""resistance,"and the like; but when opposed to morality—truth, virtue, holiness—this principle is termed "unrighteousness,""an offence,""an evil,"etc. And it is in this latter phase that we wish more particularly to notice it.

The first opposition to truth, and to the happiness and well-being of the human family, originated in the heavens, when Lucifer, a son of the morning, ungratefully resisted the laws of heaven and those that were to govern the earth, coming out in open rebellion against God.

Prior to this time some of the details of a great and glorious plan for the experience, learning, redemption, salvation and ultimate exaltation of the families of God, was heralded abroad, which, when the hosts of heaven heard, they broke forth together with shouts of joy; and the stars, mingling their voice in the grand chorus, hymned praises to the Almighty King.

Here was bliss indeed.

But how changed the scene!

Satan, once a bright and rising star, conceived jealousy in his heart.

He was ambitious, and craved a power he was incapable of wielding.

He chose rather to do his own stubborn will, than the divine will of the Father.

Like many characters of the present generation, he doubtless thought he was enslaved because he was, in a manner, checked from following the bent of his own vain and wicked imaginations.

This acrimonious spirit he succeeded in infusing into the minds of others, until a third part of the hosts of heaven rebelled.

This secession resulted in Satan and his allies being overcome, thrust from the realms of light down to earth, whence they became the Devil and his angels.

Overcome, but not entirely shorn of power, he still continues his opposition to truth and righteousness, which first took form in the garden of Eden.

Through subtlety and vain philosophy this arch fiend beguiled our first parents;

and following that act, put selfishness and malicious envy into the heart of Cain, who shed his brother's innocent blood; who also then went into fellowship with those who loved lies and secret abominations. From the dawn of creation till now has this power of darkness and opposition been at work, swaying and tossing the soul of man, like a frail bark on the crest of an angry wave;

and, Oh, how many have fallen by a stroke of its strong arm However, "It is impossible but that offences will come,"says Jesus.

And why so?

Let the great Prophet, Lehi, answer:

"For it must needs be that there is opposition in all things.

If not so, righteousness could not be brought about;

neither wickedness;

neither holiness nor misery;

neither good nor bad."All must taste the bitter, that they may know the sweet.

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

It is certain that opposition is here on the earth and enters into every avocation or pursuit that may engage our attention.

It is the mountain that has to be climbed, on whose summit sits excellence and fame;

it is that error mingled with truth, from which it has to be separated, that we may garner knowledge;

it is that evil temptation besetting mankind, which has to be shunned to escape moral ruin;

and lastly, it is the world, the flesh and the devil, which have to be overcome and subdued, if man would inherit eternal happiness.

A continued battling against this power serves to keep our swords bright.

Like the finely tempered tool that is applied to a swift revolving emery-wheel, the latter, by its friction, polishes, brightens and makes keen the edge of the former, so that it becomes a useful instrument in the hands of a skilful workman.

So likewise do individuals who come in contact with evil, or rather resist that which is opposed to good, become learned, experienced, bright and useful members in society.

In a practical way, opposition is said to be life in business;

but, technically speaking, it is not the case.

It is the very opposite to life—even death.

But where this principle exists in connection with trade, men who are thus engaged are spurred on to increased action, and are made wiser, gaining a valuable experience by stemming the tide; whereas, those who have not the courage and judgment to withstand its encroachments are overwhelmed and ruined.

"It must needs be that offences come:

but woe unto them by whom they come."The youth of our Territory have offences, forces, oppositions, evils, etc., to fight against, in the form of dramshops and other haunts of vice—immoralities, deceitful men, base publications, and things of a like character, that insinuate themselves before the notice, as stealthily as a tiger approaches his prey.

These are the tools of the opposition that Satan is using to drive men—and especially the Saints—from their garden of eden, and to bring them under his ban, where every pleasure is a mock, happiness a cheat, and life an endless woe.

But the overcoming of opposition—which means a continual warfare against evil will serve to brighten the intellect, polish the manners, increase the knowledge, elevate and ennoble; placing the hero of such a battle in the front rank of a royal society; and finally transplanting him to courts above, where he will eternally mingle with the nobility of heaven.

J. B. K.

The man who is satisfied with himself and his attainments should be wrapped up in the cerecloth of his self-conceit and be hid away on a mummy-shelf.

Pr.

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Nearly all the objections raised against the contents of the Book of Mormon, may be classed under three heads; they are either puerile, insincere or dishonest.

We will not waste the time of the readers of the Contributor by any lengthy consideration of objections of the first class;

but in our investigations will consider those that at first sight have an appearance of plausibility;

though in reality, when thoroughly examined, are found to be mere shadows J* without foundation, or assertions without reason.

A late anti-"Mormon"writer makes the following somewhat lengthy argument to prove that "the Book of Mormon conflicts with the Bible."He says:

"The Book of Mormon locates the death of Christ on the wrong day of the month to agree with the Bible.

In the book of Helaman, Samuel, the Lamanite prophet, fortells a sign to be witnessed, indicating the time of the death of Christ, this sign to consist of three days darkness.

And in the Book of Nephi,

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

we read, 'And it came to pass in the thirty-fourth year, in the first month, in the fourth day of the month then behold there was darkness upon the face of the land and it came to pass that it did last for three days.'the prophecy of Samuel affirmed that the darkness should begin 'in the day that he shall suffer.'Nephi affirms that it began in the thirty-fourth year, in the fourth day of the month; so this locates the death of Christ on the 'fourth'day of some month."To this we answer that it certainly locates it on the fourth day of the first month of a certain Nephite year;

but as the Bible says nothing about the Nephite year, this statement cannot conflict with that sacred record.

But the objector continues:

I. "He did not die on the fourth day ofthe Jewish month (and that was the time they brought from Jerusalem), for he died at the passover, which falls on the fourteenth day of the first month.

Here the Bible and the Book of Mormon are ten days at variance.

Which is right?"2. "Though the Nephites are said to have reckoned their years from the coming of Christ, beginning nine years after he came, there is no intimation of a change in the counting of months; but if there were, and the first month was commenced with the birth of Christ, by taking Christmas as a starting point (Dec.

25th), the 'fourth day'from this epoch, would be Dec. 29th, for the death of Christ, three months too early to agree with the Bible, which says he was crucified at the passover.'3. "If they counted their time from the birth of Christ as given in the Bible, instead of the time given by tradition, the disagreement is just as great; for Gabriel visited

Mary in the sixth Jewish month, answering to the latter part of August and the first part of September, nine months after which Christ was born;

that is, in the latter part of May or the first part of

June;

which would make the 'fourth day'of the 'first month,'reckoned from the epoch, over two months too late to agree with the Bible time of Christ's death.

On this point, the Bible and Book of Mormon are irreconcilably in conflict, whether we allow the Book of Mormon to use Jewish time or to count from Christ's birth."Here ends the quotation.

It is possibly true that the Nephites originally reckoned their years according to the Jewish system; but it is positively stated in the Book of Mormon that before the death of the Savior they changed their mode of reckoning at least once, probably oftener.

They changed it, beyond all controversy at the birth of Christ, and most probably did so when the monarchy gave way to the republic or rule of the Judges for the reader will find in the annals of that period that the date of an occurrence is almost always stated as having taken place in the "first,""fourth,""sixteenth,"etc., as the case might be, "year of the reign of the Judges,"and not as previously "from the time Lehi left Jerusalem."

And it is altogether probable that before that date (B. C. 91) the Nephites commenced their year with the anniversary of Lehi's departure, and not with the first day of the old Jewish year.

However this may be at the time of which we are writing, the Nephites had changed their reckoning.

We are told by Nephi in Nephi ii:

8:

"Now the Nephites began to reckon their time from this period when the sign was given, or from the coming of Christ,"Therefore, without Jesus was born on the first day of the first month of the Jewish year, which is not claimed, this must have inevitably made a change in the commencement of the Nephite year, and the statement of the writer in the Book of Mormon simply amounts to this, that Christ's death took place in the thirty-fourth Nephite year after his birth, and on the fourth day of the first month.

There is nothing to prove that the Nephite and Jewish years were of the same length, indeed it is not known what was the exact length of the years of either of the peoples.

The Book of Mormon is silent on this subject with regard to the Nephite, and as the Jewish year was partly lunar and partly solar, their years varied in length, their months commenced at

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

different times, extra months had to be added at certain periods;

so, with our present information, there is no possible way of comparing the years of the two peoples.

And consequently no one can prove the assertions of the writer we have quoted, that there is a conflict in the statements of the two sacred books.

The writer, makes a statement that though the Nephites changed the reckoning of their years from the coming of

Christ "there is no intimation of change in the counting of months."We answer that one would necessarily follow the other.

If Christ was born on the tenth day of the second Jewish month, then that tenth day of the second month would be the first day of the first month of the new Nephite year, and all days would be changed one month and ten days.

The only possible time, as shown before, when

Christ could have been born and not produced a change, had the Nephites been then reckoning their years according to the Jewish calendar, which cannot be proven, would have been for him to have been born on the first day of the first month of the Hebrew year.

Our objector talks about Christmas day (Dec.

25th) as though it were the true birthday of the Savior.

He knows, and all students know, that it has long since been demonstrated that Christ was not born on that day, nor on any day in mid-winter, so his agreements, based upon that idea, are all valueless.

They are insincere and he knows it.

At any rate, the Nephites did not begin their year in mid-winter, as shown in the following statement: The last day of the year B. C. 67 was made eventful by a great battle between the Nephites and Lamanites, on the borders of the land Bountiful.

So great were their labors and the heat of the day, that sleep over powered both armies at night, when Teancum, the Nephite general, crept into the camp of the Lamanites, and slew their King."As the land Bountiful is north of the equator their seasons would be the same as ours, and it is quite improbable that at mid-winter the heat would be so excessive as to produce the effect, on both armies, recorded in the Book of Alma, (chapters fifty-one and fifty-two.)

The third objection is dishonest as the others are groundless.

He says "Gabriel visited Mary in the sixth Jewish month."He had no authority "for any such statement."In the first chapter of Luke we have an account of the visits of the angel Gabriel that preceded the births of John the Baptist and the Holy Redeemer.

The heavenly messenger promised the Priest Zacharias a son, who should be remarkable as the forerunner of the Savior.

With the details of this event our readers are doubtless familiar.

The inspired writer then continues: "And after those days his wife Elizabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying, thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days 'wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men."And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent etc.

A little farther on the angel says:

"And, behold thy cousin Elizabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age;

and this is the sixth month with her who was called barren."Notwistingof the English language can make this the sixth month of the Jewish year;

it might be any month so far as Luke's statement goes;

it was simply the sixth month of Elizabeth's pregnancy.

Thus the objections vanish in thin air and no conflict is found between the two sacred records.

Geo. Reynolds.

Freedom consists in this—that every man shall do whatever he likes, without injury to another.

We take less pains to be happy than to appear so.

La Rochefoticauld.

None but the guilty can be so long and completely miserable.

Goldsmith.

If you wish to be really happy, take a good deal of outdoor exercise, very little advice, and never run in debt.

It is only by labor that thought can be made healthy, and only by thought that labor can be made happy; and the two can not be separated with impunity.

Rttskin.

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

The administration having determined on a military movement against the Mormons, instructions were accordingly given to the General of the army, who immediately issued orders dated May 28, to the chiefs of the respective staff departments. From these first orders we extract the following:

Orders having been dispatched in haste for the assemblage of a body of troops at Fort Leavenworth, to march thence to

Utah as soon as assembled, the Generalin-chief, in concert with the War Department, issues the following instructions:

1. The force—2d dragoons, 5 th infantry, 10th infantry and Phelps'battery of the 4th artillery—to be provided with transportation and supplies, will be estimated at not less than two thousand five hundred men.

2. The Adjutant-general will, in concert with the chiefs of the respective departments, issue the necessary orders for assigning to this force a full complement of disbursing and medical officers, an officer of ordnance and an assistant Adjutant-general, if the latter be required.

All available recruits are to be assigned to the above named regiments up to the time of departure.

3. About two thousand head of beef cattle must be procured and driven to Utah; six months'supply of bacon, (for two days in the week) must be sent; and dessicated vegetables in sufficient quantity to guard the health of the troops for the coming winter.

The surgeon general will cause the necessary medical supplies to be provided.

The chief of ordnance will take measures immediately to put in position, for the use of this force, three traveling forges and a full supply of ammunition, and will make requisition for the necessary transportation of the same.

Signed, Winfield Scott.

From the date of this circular, active steps were taken to muster the force and prepare for the onward march to Utah.

The command was assigned to Brevet Brigadier General W.

S. Harney, who, at the time, was stationed at Fort Leavenworth and was known in the west as "squaw killing Harney"from a raid he conducted on a band of Brule-Sioux women, in Nebraska.

The following instiuctions were addressed to him by order of the General-in-chief Headquarters of the Army, New York, June 29, 1857.

Sir: The letter which I addressed to you in the name of the General-in-chief, on the 28th ultimo, his circular to the chiefs of the staff departments, same date, his general orders No.

8, current series, and another now in press, have indicated your assignment to the command ot an expedition to Utah Territory, and preparatory measures to be taken.

The General-in-chief desires me to add in his name the following instructions, prepared in concert with the War Department, and sanctioned by its authority, whenever required.

The community and, in part, the civil government of Utah Territory are in a state of substantial rebellion against the laws and authority of the United States.

A new civil governor is about to be designated, and to be charged with the establishment and maintenance of law and order.

Your able and energetic aid, with that of the troops to be placed under your command, is relied on to insure the success of his mission.

The principles by which you should be guided have been already indicated in a somewhat similar case, and are here substantially repeated.

If the governor of the Territory finding the ordinary course of judicial proceedings of the power vested in the United

States marshals and other proper officers inadaquate, for the preservation of the public peace and the due execution of the laws, should make requisition upon you for a military force to aid him as a. posse comitatus in the performance of that official duty, you are hereby directed to employ for that purpose the whole or such part of your command as may be required;

or should the governor, the judges or marshals of the Territory find

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

it necessary directly to summon a part of your troops, to aid either, in the performance of his duties, you will take care that the summons be promptly obeyed.

And in no case will you, your officers or men attack any body of citizens whatever, except on such requisition or summons, or in sheer self-defence.

In executing this delicate function of the military power of the United States, the civil responsibility will be upon the

Governor, the Judges and Marshals of the Territory.

While you are not and cannot be subjected to the orders, strictly speaking, of the

Governor, you will be responsible for a jealous, harmonious and thorough co-operation with him on frequent and full consultation, and will conform your action to his requests and views in all cases where your military judgment and prudence do not forbid nor compel you to modify, in execution, the movements he may suggest.

No doubt is entertained that your conduct will fully meet the moral and professional responsibilities of your trust, and justify the high confidence already reposed in you by the Government.

The lateness of the season, the dispersed condition of the troops, and the smallness of the numbers available, have seemed to present elements of difficulty, if not hazard, in this expedition.

But it is believed that these may be compensated by unusual care in its outfit, and great prudence in its conduct.

All disposable recruits have been reserved for it.

So well is the nature of this service appreciated, and so deeply are the honor and interests of the United States involved in its success that I am authorized to say, the government will hesitate at no expense requisite to complete the efficiency of your little army, and to secure health and comfort to it, as far as attainable.

Hence, in addition to the liberal orders for its supply heretofore given—and it is known that ample measures with every confidence of success have been dictated by the chiefs of staff departments here—a large discretion will be made over to you in the general orders for the movements.

The employment of spies, guides, interpreters or laborers may be made to any reasonable extent you may think desirable.

The prudence expected of you requires that you should anticipate resistance; general, organized and formidable, at the threshold, and shape your movements as if they were certain, keeping the troops well massed and in hand when approaching expected resistance.

Your army will be equipped, for a time at least?

as a self sustaining machine.

Detachments will, therefore, not be lightly hazarded, and you are warned not to be betrayed into premature security or over confidence.

A small but sufficient force must, however, move separately from the main column, guarding the beef cattle and such other supplies as you may think would too much encumber the march of the main body.

The cattle may require to be marched more slowly than the troops, so as to arrive in Salt Lake Valley in good condition, or they may not survive the inclemency and scanty sustenance of the winter.

This detachment, though afterwards to become the rear guard, may, it is hoped, be put in route before the main body, to gain as much time as possible before the latter passes it.

The General-in-chief suggests that feeble animals of draught and cavalry should be left ten or twelve days behind the main column, at Fort Laramie, to recruit and follow.

It should be a primary object on arriving in the valley, if the condition of things permit, to procure not only fuel but materials for hutting the troops.

Should it be too late for the latter purpose, or should such employment of the troops be unsafe or impracticable, the tents (of Sibley's pattern), furnished, will, it is hoped, afford a sufficient shelter.

It is not doubted that a surplus of provisions and forage, beyond the wants of the resident population, will be found in the valley of Utah; and that the inhabitants, if assured by energy and justice, will be ready to sell them to the troops.

Hence no instructions are given

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

you for the extreme event of the troops being in absolute need of such supplies and their being withheld by the inhabitants.

The necessities of such an oc* currence would furnish the law for your guidance.

Besides the stated reports required by regulations, special reports will be expected from you, at the headquarters of the army, as opportunity may offer.

The General-in-chief desires me to express his best wishes, official and personal for your complete success and added reputation.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

George W. Lay, Lieutenant Colonel, Aid-de-Camp.

To Brevet Brigadier General W.

S.

Harney, Commanding, etc., Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.

P. S.

The General-in-chief.

in my letter of the 20th instant, has already conveyed to you a suggestion—not an order, nor even a recommendation—that it might be well to send forward in advance a part of your horse to Fort Laramie, there to halt and be recruited in strength by rest and grain, before the main body comes up.

Respectfully, G. W. L.

Lieut. Col. Aid-de-Camp.

These were the instructions of the military Commander-in-chief of the Government, and we think the reader will possess sufficient discernment to see how far they were dictated in a spirit of conciliation and regard for the interests and rights of the people against whom they were directed.

After peace was established and the army returned, it was repeatedly said that the government never intended war never contemplated war at all.

Governor Cumming loudly proclaimed that the army came out with him to protect the inhabitants against the Indians, a statement so ludicrous that it provokes a smile.

The facts are, no army was ever better provided with officers, supplies, transportation, arms and ammunition, for hostile invasion than the little army dispatched from Fort Leavenworth for Utah in the summer of 1857.

The unusual discretion accorded the commander to order from the departments whatever he required, without further reference, was most liberally employed by him.

The trains of provisions, arms, ammunition and every implement and convenience for the sustenance of the army and the successful prosecution of a forced entrance into and occupancy of the "Valley of Utah,"too plainly indicated the hostile intention of the adminstration for any such sophistry as Governor Cumming's to receive the least degree of credulity or respect.

While the troops were thus being mustered, amid great activity in all the departments of supply, the mail carriers from Utah arrived on the frontiers and demanded the mail for the west.

This was refused them. The instructions from

Washington were to stop all mails for Utah under the existing contract.

In all the drivings and persecutions of our people in Missouri and Illinois, the cutting off of the mails was among the first of hostile acts, and was followed by burnings, mobbings and bloodshed.

Is it any wonder that our people viewed this act with apprehension?

It declared the presence of an active enemy, it stamped the government as an aggressive foe.

The mails were refused the contractors on the fourth day of July, 1857.

Vattx.

Earnestness is the main element in the impressiveness of public speaking.

It carries conviction to the minds of the hearers with a power that nothing else can give.

Its absence is an irreparable defect.

Sincerity is not enough;

desire to be useful is not enough.

Men must have that ardent impulse which, breaking through every barrier, attests to the world their sincerity.

They must be distinguished by peculiar energy;

they must have moral power to compel respectful attention.

Their whole soul must be thrown into the work sympathetically.

So spake Paul, Peter, Luther, Knox, Whitfield, Wesley, Jeseph Smith and Brigham Young, and so speak President Taylor, and many of his associates of the present day.

CAJOLERY AND FLATTERY.

CAJOLERY The future of a community or a nation can be measurably predicted upon the mental, moral and spiritual stamina of its youth this fact is recognized and conceded by the opponents of the majority of this Territory.

It is felt by such, that ordinary and probably extraordinary effort could accomplish but little among those of mature years, or of large experience in so-called "Mormonism;"but that any hope for future disintegration of this system must come from perversion of the youth.

It is readily understood that there is pliability in inexperience, and to take advantage of this fact is no discredit, providing, the inculcation and practical application of primal or advanced truth, is really the object desired.

But the youth of Utah occupy an anomalous position in the commonwealth; anywhere else, religionists are expected to train their own posterity;

and deliberate encroachment upon this established practice would not be brooked by any party;

but there are those in Utah who deliberately counsel disobedience to parental authority, who hold up to ridicule, those honored as teachers, who falsify facts and pervert, persistently, the intent and meaning of most sacred things, in order to create distrust and relegate to contempt or indifference the faith, friends and wishes of their fathers and mothers.

The youthful mind, thus unsuspectingly, imbibes thoughts and ideas which would fall as light as snowflakes upon the fathers, who, for years, have been berated and misrepresented by opponents;

it is almost incredible to our youth, that men should so continuously falsify, and through the press, so repeatedly resurrect the proven inconsistencies and myths of the years gone by!

But of late there is a "new departure''in the camp of the enemy, raillery and ridicule being unsuccessful, it is proposed to win by inflaming the ambition of our youth; they are kindly reminded they are "out of harmony with the age,"that "slavery and bondage are in the AND FLATTERY.

Church,"that liberty and freedom are all outside;

that they must, under the "restraints of the Priesthood,"be "hewers of wood and drawers of water,"but that in the assertion of themselves, their rights and privileges etc., all the avenues of preferment, emolument and honor are open to their will. So there is an appearance of interest, of regard, a disposition to patronize, to assist, to advance in life all who can by this process in any way be lured or cajoled!

Reflection and experience sees in this however the old tempter, even without the trouble of disguise. Turn for a moment to "The Book:"Again the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of this world, and the glory of them; and saith unto him, All these things will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence Satan, for it is written thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only, shalt thou serve.—Matthew iv, 8, 9, 10.

How nearly parallel the offers of ancient and modern times;

only forsake your religion, give up your faith in God, your regard for the gospel, and be "as one of us,"and we will award you a fair share of place, perquisites and plunder;

office, political perferment government position can be all yours "if you will only pay the price!"

Those who accept the bribe will be very few indeed?

nay, there could be no calamity so great, so fatal in its effects, as to inoculate our youth with that greed for office, which already far too much is the characteristic of the majority of this Republic.

It is a more healthy sign when "office seeks the man,"than "when men seek the office,"and if these are to be bought by fealty to party, and by becoming traitorous to truth, let our youth avoid office as long as they live, for this "blood poisoning,"which men sometimes call patriotism, meaning self, will leave its effects both in time and in eternity.

There is no fear however in regard even to public honor being long withheld from our youth. We are a growing people,

DARWINISM.

and outside of ecclesiastical duly and position as part of "the body politic,"there will be need for dignitaries of every grade in the not far distant future; and there is no need to forswear our allegiance to God and His cause, in order to find what men call honor.

It was said of old time "they that honor me I will honor,"this is immutable, it will never be obsolete.

Nor is religious earnestness any bar to official position, it really helps to glorify that which society may impose upon or award to its most distinguished servants, for a governor or judge to act in "the fear of God,"would have been a help in many "modern instances;"for a mayor, councilor, sheriff, policeman to bring into his duties the spirit of true faith would be always and every where an advantage.

National, territorial, or local preferment to individuals, could be most gracefully awarded to men of religious training;

scrupulous, conscientious, and saturated with integrity,covered with righteousness as with a garment?

unbought, unbribed, unimpeachable, would there then be any outcry for "civil service reform"?

Was President Young's faith in God, an evil or illegitimate element of his official character?

Was General D.

H. Wells less brave and soldierly as commander of the "Nauvoo Legion"because he was a man of prayer?

Is George Q. Cannon lowered as the representative of our Territory in

Washington, by the fact that he is a believer in the Bible?

Are any of these, or our legislators or other public functionaries less worthy of public confidence because they beleive in the aposlleship and divine mission of Joseph Smith?

Nay, in many respects are they not more worthy of our confidence because of these special traits?

If then they have honored their public positions of trust, in their religion, cannot our youth do precisely the same?

In official life r in public life, in business transactions, in home duties;

as mechanics, agriculturists, wood haulers, railroad hands, school teachers, or wherever placed, a true rew ligious life and spirit is an unchanging recommend; while to be indifferent in these things, to be a place hunter simply speculating on prospective spoils, or for an easy berth, is derogatory to manhood, destructive of true independence, and in every way calculated to benumb and to clog every aspiration after a higher and better life.

Now our opponents have mistaken our youth, they will not in any appreciable numbers be seduced from their allegiance to God, or from the faith of their fathers, there will not many hunger after "the fleshpots of Egypt,"but "when they are called they will answer,"and their religion will give tone, and color, and lustre, to every proper duty and to every worthy position!

H. W. Naisbitt.

No people can be either politically free or socially safe or happy whose religious feelings are interfered with, coerced or insulted; and no government can be either respected or willingly obeyed, that places a brand upon men for their creed, or that denies them a participation in every benefit which other men enjoy, because they refuse to violate the dictates of their conscience.

DARWINISM.

Philosophy, openly, has sought in vain to scan,

Some mystic link, connecting ape and man,

We're told that fossil debris found on earth,

Reveal the secret of man's primal birth.

Admit that fossils of baboons are found,

In gravel bed, in rock, or marl or mound,

Ten thousand years before historic man,

This fails to teach us where he first began.

To prove its boasted theory let Science take,

Some well bred apes, and just one Christian make;

Bunnel would give no trifle to discover,

A man produced from such a Darwin mother.

The ape, the monkey, and baboon possess, The instincts of their race—no more, no> less.

TRIALS.

This fact, they're what they were in days of yore,

Is proof they made their kind and nothing more;

This monkey logic is the gist of those,

Who seek the Eternal just beneath their nose,

Who in their gross researches find,

The great Progenitor of all mankind.

The eternal years of God ne'er found a plan,

To generate through ape, a God-like man;

Nor will the scientific e'er discover,

One single soul produced without a mother.

T'is vain to seek man's origin on earth,

For his ancestors were of heavenly birth;

Conceived and born by Heaven's eternal law,

Transmitted e'en to man without a flaw.

Go search the wond'rous fields of boundless space, And learn if we're the only human race,

The scientific theorist perchance would find,

The earth's creation least of human kind.

Our little world is but a tiny mote,

Among the millions that in ether float,

Worlds peopled too, with beings chaste and grand, Innumerable as the countless sand

Who claim no parentage from this our earth,

Nor seek to know if monkeys gave them birth;

Who dwell in worlds, redeemed from our sad fate, And mingle with the God's in royal state.

Before the fossils were, or formed the earth,

Th'Eternal Gods gave hosts of souls their birth;

Who sang together in the realms of bliss,

Anticipating just such worlds as this.

James H. Hart.

TRIALS.

Thank God for our trials, they come and they go,

Like the sharp biting frost or the tempest of snow,

And as frost to the dew or as snow to the rain,

But changing the form while the blessings remain;

So ever our trials, are changes that bring,

A blessing in sorrow, though deadly the sling.

Thank God for our trials, what though they may be, As wide and as deep as the waves of the sea,

For the winds of the sea must in time cease to blow, And the waters must rest in the calm that's below, And the bark that has rode on the wild dashing tide, By outriding the blast, to its harbor shall glide.

Thank God for our trials, O! who has not found

That the sun and the cloud bring the fruits of the ground, Were it sunshine forever, what joy have we won?

Were it cloudy forever, we'd sigh for the sun!

As an aid to our lives that would surfeit with joy, Come the trials of life other thoughts to employ.

Thank God for our trials, adverse though they seem To the joys of prosperity whereof we dream,

For the soul that is pampered in wealth from its birth, Is the soul that of all has the least show of worth;

And the passions untamed, he indulges with zest, Shall entail their diseases to rob him of rest.

Thank God for our trials, perfection the goal

That is reached by the trials that burn in the soul;

Be the trial a love, unrequited and scorned,

Or the longing for one whom in death we have mourned;

Let the daggers of pain pierce the heart in its woe, Yet still must the trial a blessing bestow.

Thank God for our trials, in them we must find

Just the training that's needed to balance the mind;

For the sin and the pride to humanity yield,

And our hearts are made warm where before they congealed;

And we turn to mankind, for our trials have proved, That the soul must be tried who can love and be loved.

Thank God for our trials, yes, thank Him to day, While the laws that He gives we will strive to obey;

For the purpose of life on the earth where we live, Is to learn good from bad, and learn to forgive!

And the time of each birth is propitious for all,

In events that shall try, as successive they fall.

J. L. Tozvnsend.

9° EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, December, 1881.

NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.

The first numbers of this volume of the Contributor have been greatly delayed in consequence of the paper ordered for it from the East, not arriving for over two months after it was due.

This delay, we are informed, was occasioned by a blockade of freight at St.

Louis.

The succeeding numbers will be issued as rapidly as possible until we catch up.

With this explanation we trust subscribers will be satisfied, and assure them that hereafter the numbers will not only appear nearer their due time but will maintain the good reputation already secured for the Magazine.

ROLL AND RECORD.

Our attention has lately been called to the method—or rather, lack of method—employed by many Associations in keeping their record of attendance and exercises.

In some places a very careful and accurate roll of attendance is kept, but no account of exercises rendered by the members is preserved;

in other instances Scripture readings are taken into account, but lectures of every description pass unnoticed, except casually in the minutes—and sometimes mention of them is omitted there.

These incongruities might be multiplied, but sufficient is shown to indicate the necessity of some kind of system in the keeping of rolls, records, minutes, etc.

The Associations are required to report their proceedings to the Stake Superintendences and a general report is expected at the semi-annual Conferences, which will represent the organization of the Young Men's Associations in all its ramifications and workings.

These reports cannot possibly be uniform unless the records from which they are made up are uniform in character and systematically kept.

The season is now far advanced for commencing to revise or change our rolls and records, but we understand the General Superintendency have had the matter under consideration and have concluded to adopt a form of roll and record book, which will be recommended to all Associations, with a request that they all procure and use it at as early a date as practicable.

The form adopted may be briefly described as follows:

It requires the name of each member to be entered once for the season, beginning in October and running until the first of April. Opposite each name, in suitably ruled spaces, under the appropriate headings, provision is made for keeping the weekly roll of attendance, with a column for a monthly summary.

Beyond this on the same line with the name is the monthly individual record of exercises for the six months of the regular season.

This is kept in ruled columns and consists of a report of the number of chapters read at home, in the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, other Church Works and miscellaneous readings, respectively, also of the number of lectures delivered under each of the above headings.

Columns are also provided for the recording of essays read, declamations delivered, missionary appointments filled and testimonies borne.

Provision is made for totaling the monthly records every three months, showing at a glance the quarterly report of every member.

From this individual record the reports required by the Stake and General Superintendences can be readily prepared.

If each Association is provided with this roll and record book, uniformity will at once be established and a correct and creditable exhibit of the entire organization may be obtained for every spring Conference.

We know of nothing that will have a better effect among the members and officers of the Associations than care-

CHRISTMAS.

fully recording the part each performs in the work of mutual improvement.

It will not only stimulate the efforts of each at present, but will forever be a source of satisfaction;

for if the record is properly kept, in years to come, it will show the standing of each member for every season while he was connected with the

Associations.

The form is now in the hands of the printer and word should be immediately sent to the Contributor office by Stake

Superintendents, indicating how many books they will require for the Associations in their respective Stakes.

SMOKING.

This habit is growing among small boys.

We are reminded of it daily; on the streets, about the Post Office, the Theatre and particularly at the close of parties and meetings, the fact is painfully impressed upon us.

Boys from eight to twenty years of age are met at these places whiffing their cigarettes with the nonchalance of old smokers.

Some of them, nearer the latter age, might be called young men, if it were not that the silly effort they are making to be so recognized, betrayed them, in reality to be, very small, narrow, light-minded boys, whose education and culture has been neglected.

Boys of our faith ought, it appears to us, to understand that no matter to what age they attain, they can never be considered full grown, responsible men, while advertising their juvenility, at least of mental calibre, by a puffing of smoke from their lips.

Smoking is an evil of the world;

it has no place assigned it in the life of a Saint, God, rather, forbids it.

Therefore among the adult population of Zion, we must view it, as a strange custom of Babylon tolerated for charity's sake, out of respect to the weaknesses of those who have not the courage to repent.

We are not sure, however, that there is much genuine charity in sanctioning so foul and disgusting a habit, even in the weakest.

Be that as it may, we wish to brand the practice, and have all the youth of Israel so view it, as a plain confession of weakness, unworthy a believer in the revelations of Joseph Smith, or one professing to be a Latter-day Saint.

The word of the Lord condemning tobacco, as only fit for sick cattle, etc., and warning intelligent men against its use declares that the recommendation is "adapted to the capacity of the weak and weakest of all Saints, who are or can be called Saints."Let the young men of our people read this revelation and study it.

It will afford them the best of reasons for denying the appetite for tobacco, strong and hot drinks, etc., if they are unfortunate enough to have such tastes, and will correct that most absurd of all fallacies, which so many appear to indulge, that "Smoking makes us men."CHRISTMAS.

Ah, me!

It is Christmas time, merry and joyous.

What sweet recollections are recalled to mind on this happy occasion.

Old folks and young join in gay pastimes, and it is not only a season of rejoicing, but of refreshing, bodily and mentally.

For a few hours at least peace is the sentiment of all honest hearts, and harshness and ingratitude are banished.

The very name suggests innocence, purity and love; for is it not the embodiment and name of the dear Savior, the blessed Redeemer, who came with the gladdest message that was ever brought to human hearts; the tidings of salvation?

The most precious gift vouchsafed to man upon earth;

and in imitation of his glorious example, mankind bestow the most fitting gift upon one another in remembrance of the blessed day, when unto the holy virgin a son was born, whose name was Emmanuel.

Yes, He who said "Love one another."On this day all who desire to be his followers

9 2 CHRISTMAS.

should put away all ill-feeling, and try to forgive and forget and to do some good deed, as well as bestow costly gifts on those who are dear to them by the ties of kindred or friendship.

The poor whom Jesus loved and sought to please are remembered on this day, more bounteously perhaps than on any other day in all the year.

Blessed day! that brings gladness to so many lonely hearts!

Blessed Savior!

whose advent upon earth we celebrate so joyfully.

What better tribute could we pay to him who loved the poor, the meak and the lowly ones, than to minister to these his children, and share with them the blessings kind heaven has bountifully vouchsafed; thus fulfilling his injunction, "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of these ye have done it unto me."And in blessing we have the promise of being blessed in return.

He who pours out abundantly upon the poor and unfortunate, will find his heart lighter, and in the hour of trial or of sorrow, will recall with satisfaction the good deeds which are recorded in his favor by the angels above and which may perchance insure him a safer passport into the realms of happiness. There is no pleasure so intense as that of bestowing happiness upon others.

And on this day when all join in calling down blessings upon each other, surely the angels shout and sing for joy over those who are walking in Jesus'footsteps, treading the paths which will lead where

He has gone, to prepare a place for those who love him and keep his commandments.

This is an exalting theme, and an inexhaustible one;

but lest I weary my readers by pursuing a monotonous strain, let us go back to childhood or wonderland, where we have all been "once upon a time,"and ramble a little over enchanted ground, when erst the fairies sported, and Santa Claus held unbounded dominion at this season of the year.

Who does not remember Santa Claus?

Dear old fellow; children almost worship him, and are always on their good behavior when this antique ginii is expected.

They are told the most extravagant tales, and in many instances, the impressions thus made, are so strong and lasting, that in maturer years, one can shut his eyes and imagine dear old St.

Nicholas, driving his reindeer, eight in hand, muffled in furs and covered with bells, that always peal merrily, merrily, gliding over the house tops, dropping the bonbons and goodies down the chimneys, and skimming along as easily as though he rode on the fleecy white clouds.

Who is there that cannot remember popping out of bed in the gray morning, with a trailing night robe on, to see what Santa Claus had left in the stocking by the chimney corner, the dear little barefeet, blessed footprints "on the sands of time!"Without entering upon any dissertation upon the merits or demerits of such fanciful traditions, let us take a cursory view of the Christmas of to-day.

This is a most extraordinary age, and the people have made great discoveries in all the various departments of the arts and sciences.

The spirit of invention is rife and there is nothing seemingly that can be made, that has not been attempted in the way of utility or ornament.

Consequently, there are articles of every description and quality, suited to the individual or circumstances; and all may be gratified in the selection of appropriate gifts.

But after all is there not a certain nice discrimination to be observed in choosing or adapting a gift to the recipient, and is there not a means of bestowal which brightens the pleasure of the poorest present, making it exceed in value the costliest given in an ostentatious manner.

There is certainly a great deal yet to be learned about the method of giving.

The poor who possess innate refinement of character, or perhaps may have seen better days, may be so wounded by the manner in which the Christmas dinner is given or the simple offering made to them, that a morsel of bread and water would be preferable.

And even friends are ofttimes careless how the gift is conveyed, and think perchance it matters little.

It would be sad indeed if this practice has become so common that one

FAULT FINDING.

takes no thought of the manner of it, but gives simply that it may be said of him, he gave liberally or to be in the fashion.

True love, esteem or friendship, a desire to actually bless others should be the motive, and let us be charitable enough to think that in most instances it is so; though the hurry and bustle of this workaday would make us now and then forget how beautiful it is to do all things gracefully.

I know it is sometimes remarked by very practical, matter of fact people, that it is all nonsense to decorate and take such pains to gather evergreens, flowers and holly berries for Christmas and holidays, but I beg leave to differ, and to declare that these inanimate things possess in a great degree the power of imparting efficacy to thought and feeling and appeal strongly to the heart which is the highest embodiment of sensibility or approximates nearest to the soul.

Therefore I would say do not shut out all the beautiful, and live within four bare walls, but adorn your homes with those things which will suggest pleasant themes for conversation, which will remind you of innocence, and draw your thoughts towards that paradise you may attain, through diligence in good works where all is beauty and glory and brightness supernal.

Yes, the mistletoe and holly are specially dear to every English heart, and their custom of celebrating Christmas, reminds one of the days of chivalry of which the bards and poets sang:

"Children like holly berries, Dear little robin said;

Gather them, bunch them together

Mix with the green, the red.

"For if you love the children,

It has been said some time, In every holly berry, Santa Claus hides a rhyme.

"Somebody pulled an armful, Run quickly home to look;

Found, for she so loves children,

Rhymes enough for a book."The Savior, himself, beautifully illustrates the most sublime sayings, and •instructs his disciples in parables that surpass in richness and delicacy of sentiment, any productions of man.

They are all the more forcible, because they are clothed by the touch of divine beauty.

Who does not know that flowers inspire the tenderest emotions, and that evergreens and immortelles recall the immortal and imperishable?

By all means encourage the beautiful, be it ever so simple.

"Fair nature's sweet simplicity

With elegance refined."What is there more touching in expression than the Savior's words:

"Consider the lilies, how they grow, they toil not, neither do they spin, and yet Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these."

But so dearly do I love the lilies, and such like charming things, that lest I enter into an elaborate dissertation upon flowers and trailing vines, winter berries and forest boughs, I will say to my patient readers and dear, good friends, known or unknown, "A Merry Christmas"and "A Happy New Year,"peace happiness and prosperity."Amethyst.

FAULT FINDING.

Fault finding may be said to be the lazy man's evidence of wisdom, as it requires no reflection nor study nor effort to find fault.

That in which there is no fault is perfect, hence the impossibility of anything mortal escaping the reach of the fault finder.

The fault finder is like the vulture who soars over God's beautiful footstool seeing nothing of the beauty and harmony that prevails there.

In vain to him do the sweet scented zephyrs rise from the earth.

He is deaf to the warbling of the songsters of the forests.

He is not looking for order, peace or joy, but only scents afar off the loathsome carcass and hastes to feast his soul upon carrion.

The practice of fault finding is especi-

FAULT FINDING.

ally reprehensible among persons professing to be Latter-day Saints, with all the means that the Lord has provided for the reconciliation of wrong existing among them;

and how miserable it makes one feel to be in company with such beings A remark is made about brother so and so, who perhaps has been recently appointed to some position among the people, and the company are saying they think the appointment a very good one, but here the society scavenger breaks in, with, "yes, but he is not without his faults"and his eyes dilate with pleasure as he recounts, to as many as will listen to him, all the evil he has heard of the brother in question.

Does he ever think of his many good qualities and the integrity of his heart and the motives of his life?

No, he only knows of the dark spots, nothing else have any charms for him, so he lives and gloats, like the vulture on carrion, and even flatters himself that it is his keenness of vision that enables him to behold the errors of his fellows, and, still more surprising, that it is his superior goodness that causes him to be shocked at their imperfect conduct.

But how vain are his pretentions!

What but a rebuke to this feeling could inspire the parable of the mote and beam?

And has it not been the experience of the Saints of Latter-days that those, who have been the most corrupt, have been the ones who have complained first and loudest against our people.

It may be true that among us there is a good deal of fault found, from lack of thought, but if we will examine ourselves closely we will find that in many cases it is jealousy or envy, and if we will review the life of the person we are discussing who may have been appointed to some position of trust, we will find that it would be difficult to find a more suitable one; and if we could, and the appointment is made, what will we gain by undermining his influence?

We should hear both sides before deciding, and we will find it a good rulej to make as much allowance for others imperfections as we make for our own.

If we judge from our first impulse in regard to our brethren and sisters, how can we blame the world for scoffing the idea of the Lord choosing an illiterate boy like Joseph Smith to lead this important dispensation?

Yes, but we say:

"The Lord chooses men whom He can use."Then if He has to use them why not give Him a chance to try them?

God has wisely provided officers "to see that there is no iniquity in the Church, or back biting or evil speaking, but that every man does his duty,"etc.

"Common Judges in Israel,"are appointed to deal with those who do wrong and repent not, and fault finding does not help these officers a particle in the discharge of their duties whether it be of them as members or officers of the Church.

How much more manly it is, then, to tell our brother of his faults when we are alone together, and endeavor to show him the better way, and to encourage him to hope that he may yet overcome and that there is still efficacy in the Gospel way.

It is astonishing what influence one has over his brother when thus approaching him in a proper spirit.

In most cases a reconciliation follows and both are led to purer lives; but when this is not the result there is still no excuse for fault finding, for differences and difficulties are not to pass unnoticed.

In correcting evil in others how much better it is to hold up the standard of right and endeavor to influence them to pattern after it than to be continually harping on the evil, comparing them with it. As a case in point I give the following experience of a friend of mine as related by himself:

"I have a little girl at home and when she has been fretful I have foolishly permitted myself to become angry with her and have taunted her with being as bad as N, who is noted for being unmanageable.

Her eyes would flash with a sullen 'don't care'look that set me to thinking what right had I to prejudice my child's mind against her companions and cause her to look upon another child as an example of evil?

I concluded that I would pursue a different course, and when she was naughty again I asked her why she could not be a good little girl like F and began to declare some of

LOVE ONE ANOTHER.

F 's good qualities.

Her attention was at once arrested and she seemed to try to over come herself, and in a few evenings after, came to me and said, 'Papa don't you think I have been as good a little girl as F.'What could I say!

What could any body say but take the little darling up in his arms while his eyes filled with tears and bless her for the victory we had both gained."

William W.

Taylor.

LOVE ONE ANOTHER.

"And a new commandment give I unto you, that ye love one another;

as I have loved you, that ye also love one another."

John xiii, 34.

Many question the possibility of frail humanity's obedience to this commandment;

that it is possible, is evident from the fact that it has been given, for the Lord never demanded of mankind the performance of any duty impossible for them to do.

This inconsistency could not be, for the Creator certainly understands the capacity of what he has created.

How are we to come in possession of this love?

Cultivate the faith, humility charity, tender heartedness, and other divine attributes that characterize the life of the Savior;

make ourselves pure and holy before the Lord, that His Spirit will attend us through the changing scenes of life.

Then and then only, will our hearts kindle with love for one another, like unto the love of Jesus for His disciples.

And again, He says, "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another."John xiii, 35.

While claiming to be disciples of Christ;

are we known unto all men as His followers, by the love we bear to one another?

Professing a love for truth beyond the love we have for all things, are we yet full of malice and hatred one to another?

Are we ever looking for the mote in the eyes of our brothers and sisters, forgetting the beam in our own?

Do we go about vilifying our neighbors;

trying to build ourselves up while we seek to tear others down; publishing to the world the faults of those around us> without charity, without forgiveness in our hearts.

If this is our condition, what will be our feelings when we come forth to be judged according to the deeds done in the flesh?

Will we not hang our heads in shame, and will not our hearts be wrung with anguish if the measure we have meted unto others be meted unto us?

Let us consider these things and be wise unto salvation;

loving the Lord our God with all our might, mind and strength and our neighbors as ourselves, for upon these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.

L. W. E.

SOME SAVAGE FANCIES.

"What!"exclaimed a negro to an explorer, "am I to starve while my sister has children to sell?"The idea struck him as absurd.

In his country—Central Africa—children are regarded as merchandise, women as slaves.

Young men about to get married explain that they wish some one to fetch their wood and v/ater for them, and carry their property if they travel.

Marriage, as among many other savage people, consists in carrying off the bride by force, real or simulated.

With the Kalmucks of Asia it is a mounted chase of the lover after the lady, who is given a fair start, and is not easily caught against her will.

With the Ahitas of the Philippines the girl is sent into the woods an hour before sunrise.

At sunrise the lover arrives in pursuit;

if before sunset he finds her, he has her;

if not he goes home without her.

In North Friesland the bride pretends to resist, and her friends lift her struggling into the cart, which bears her away.

To these strange facts, related by that close observer Sir John Lubbock, are added others still stranger.

Modes of salutation among half-civilized or savage people differ widely from ours and from each other.

The natives of the Island of Mallicolo hiss anything they particularly admire.

In Central Africa a man respectfully turns his back upon a superior.

A Chinaman puts on his hat when we should remove ours, and considers a

A SSOCIAHON INTELLIGENCE.

coffin a peculiarly neat and acceptable gift for an aged relation.

Religious customs and superstitions are still more extraordinary.

The Greenlanders believe that during sleep the spirit quits the body, in search of adventures, and that our dreams are merely recollections of these midnight excursions.

The Australians think that their black skins will become white after death.

Hence, a Scotch lady wrecked upon their shores relates that the native elders would considerately call out to the children who amused themselves by teasing her,—"Let her alone.

Poor thing! she's only a ghost."A polite Esquimaux pulls [the nose of a distinguished visitor by way of compliment.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NOTICE.

It is particularly desired by the General

Superintendency that a full report of all Associations be supplied for the April Conference.

Report blanks have been printed, and the Stake Superintendents should at once send to the General Secretary for enough to supply each Association in their respective stakes.

Associations in Arizona and Colorado, and other places, where no stake organization has been effected, should also procure report blanks, and have them properly filled up and returned.

All reports should be forwarded in time to reach the secretary by March 31, 1882.

The Price of the blanks is two cents each.

Address Heber J.

Grant, Secretary Y. M. M.

I.

A., Salt Lake City, U. T.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i. Absent or dead Still let a friend be dear, A sigh the absent claims, The dead a tear.

Pope.

L. M. W.

2.

The revelation on Celestial marriage was given to the Prophet as early as 1831, but he was commanded not to reveal it to the Church at that time;

the Church not being in a situation to receive and practice it; but it was said that the time would come when it would be generally adopted and practiced as a principle of the Gospel.

See remarks of Orson Pratt at Piano, Ills.

J. F. S.

3. In 2 Kings, xvii, 6, we are informed that the king of Assyria "carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor, by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes."On leaving the land of Media the Israelites journeyed first toward Canaan, and after crossing the Euphrates, in its upper portion, turned their faces northward, along the eastern shore of the Black Sea, passed the Caucasian range, across the river Kirban, gradually nearing the frozen regions of the north.

The distance from the supposed crossing of the Euphrates to the coasts of the

Arctic ocean is about two thousand eight hundred miles, and according to Esdras, a year and a half was consumed in the journey, their progress evidently being retarded by the obstacles met.

For further information concerning the journey to the "North countries,"the enquirer is referred to a series of articles by Elder George Reynolds, entitled "Are we of Israel,"published in the Deseret News about four years ago.

Pr.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

i. How many missionaries are there in the States, and what proportion were members of Associations before going?

M. Y.

2. Has the Gospel ever been publicly preached in Berlin, Germany, and by whom?

X.

3. When was the Gospel first preached in Scandinavia, where, and by whom?

H.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Violins, Accorieons, Guitars, Flute, Banjos, Brass Instruments, Drums, And all kinds of Musical Instruments, Music, Music Itcobs, Strings and Fittings, AND ~-~v MrBBYTMMG 1W 3PMB M&&MC&& EtIJtB9 (J2 Best and Cheapest at ^J CARELESS'POPULAR MUSIC HOUSE, *s 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

v^ se3st3d ifoir. catalogues, • -»•

cs->«l5 *w S=i3 ALL GOODS AT w.

©i2 C 0) E^ en'* S.2—<3 «•»=—c <»>«- So. 00 8«.£g U)© Oo "O <D E fl) £« W 1- it) flj O (0 CB-- s_ (DO o w™o _<»§*« £9*° as© 3&-_ Po 0=0 ON Oo MH-m Ilowsst rna ffl JUST ISSUED By J. H. HEMAN, Salt Lake City, Utah.

(Second Year.) IS cts. jpoa^ oo^>y* A liberal discount will be allowed to Canvassers.A few copies of last year's Almanac for sale at the same price.

AIN WAGONS.

A full stock of theseCelebrated Wagons always on hand; they are the favorite and leading wagons in Utah.

I keep a full stock of the Celebrated Oliver CJlsilled jPIows. Cassaday Sulky and

Moline Plows, also a full line of Hardware and Wagon Material, the most complete selection to be found in the market.

All kinds of &eBic&M,Y&8&&. iMmmmEMm.

Call on or address:

HOWARD SEBKEE, Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

t> j*L«) M O The Leading a H- This Institution carries in its Immense Stock Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

tablishment Q in the West, CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

femJ a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent.

PROSPECTUS OF

THE CONTRIBUTOR REPRESENTING THE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN OF UTAH.

"VOUfCTII^IE THREE.

The Third Volume of the Contributor will commence with the October, 1881, number.

Each number will contain Thirty-two pages of choice reading matter.

The volume will make a fine library book of nearly Four Hundred Pages.

The success attending the first and second years of this Magazine justifies the prediction that the new volume will not be excelled by any home publication.

The following are a few leading features that will characterize Volume Three:

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH

SMITH.

These will appear in each number, being carefully selected from the discourses and compositions delivered during the last four years of the Prophet's

Life.

They are upon a variety of important doctrinal subjects, and are full of light and truth, communicated in the most thrilling sentences, which distinguished the delivery of their inspired author.

In connection with the Sermons will be published short Biographical Sketches of Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

Illustrated with TWO MAGNIFICENT STEEL PLATE ENGRAVINGS.

These engravings are said by the most competent judges to be the finest and most accurate portraits of the Prophet and Patriarch ever published. They are full page pictures, printed in the most artistic manner, and are alone worth half the price of subscription charged for the Magazine.

The volume will contain Historical Sketches of the Buchanan Campaign of 1857, being an account of the causes and notable incidents of the Echo Canon War, taken from original documents.

There is no epoch of the history of Utah more romantic and interesting than the period treated upon in this series.

Historical, Biographical, Scientific, Literary and Miscellaneous matter, from the pens of Utah's young people and other writers, will add to the value of the new volume.

The Department devoted to Association Intelligence will be much improved, containing, besides minutes of important meetings, Queries and Answers, Brief Correspondence, Model Programmes, etc.

All the members of Associations are requested to employ this depa'tmentin asking any proper questions that they may desire.

Officers of Associations are urgently solicited to take an active interest in the Magazine, writing and procuring suitable matter for its columns, aud doing all in their power to extend its circulation among the people.

Presidents of the Y. M. M.

I. A. will please act as agents.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION, INVARIABLY IN ADVANCE:

One Year—including Engravings, ------

Two Dollars.

Six Months, One Dollar and a Half.

Steel Engravings of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, India mounted on cards, 9x12 inches, for framing, One Dollar and a Half per pair.

Agents getting up clubs of Fifteen Annual Subscribers will receive an extra copy and a pair of"Engravings for framing, free.

Associations getting up clubs of Ten will receive an extra copy free.

Address:

Junius F. Wells, Editor and Publisher, P. O. Box 305.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Office, first door north of Z.

C. M.

I.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

I U is HAVE RECEIVED FOR THE Fall and Winter Trade OF dry mi, m m ins, etc., COOKING STOVES, BISMARK RANGES, HEATING STOVES, A COMPLETE STOCK OF «F"AL II10IAIDI At the liowest Market Prices.

SI -»-»»^»»« * WM. JENNINGS & SONS.