vol.

in.

OCTOBER, 1881.

"'l The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE OtfTRlBUTOR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNC LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, tTAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1881.

I'AGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

I.

Biographical John the Baptist Glaciers jf.

B.

Toronto No; A Temperance Story E. H. Anderson Chronology of the Hindoos Wnt. Fothirivgham Thoughts on Genesis Geo. Reynolds....

Siege of Yorktovvn Thos.

Y.

iyfan/utii Virgil Ruby Lamoiit Bohemians B.

F.

Cummings, "Jr Seed Time of Youth Home O.

F.

il hitney Editorial:

James A. Garfield William C. Staines About our Associations Homespun..

Von Moltke Youths'Companion An Odd Verdict Association Intelligence:

Semi-annual Conference Questions and Answers Questions to Answer SFLENDIDLT HOUNTES ox India Cards, 12x16 Inches.

D,nnn 07 Rf) n Dniir SECURELY PACKED AND MAILED, rrlGG (b/.OU u rQlr, postage paid to any address.

A LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO AGENTS. [O^ l EVERY FAMILY SHOULD H AVE THE -^PiCTaw w W% PWPEf MV PWTOcp.jjnOrders should be sent to the Office of the CONTRIBUTOR, P. 0. Box, 305, SALT LAKE CITY.

fi@"See Prospectus of Volume Three, inside page of back cover.

-HjcB08KgEIil£E^,v pWj5DEfll£EH* pp • jSTflTOflERaMFIRST SOUTH STREET, half block east of Desoret National Bank, SALT LAZE CITY, UTAH, Is prepared to supply the Reading Public, members of Mutual Improvement Associations, and his friends in general, with

ALL THE LATEST CHURCH PUBLICATIONS,

AND THE BEST HISTORICAL AND MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS SUITABLE FOR LIBRARIES, AT REDUCED PRICES, With Liberal Discounts to Improvement Associations and Sunday Schools.

Catalogue and Circulars sent to any add/ est.

Orders by mail carefully and promptly executed. Any Books not in stock sentfor on shortest notice.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

TEE LEM5 MlfflLE BttUKDT OF THE GRE^lT WEST.

C.

M.

I, Salt Lake City, Utah.

This Institution Carries in its Immense Stock, Complete Lines of Dry Goods, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Glassware, Clothing, Carpets, and Boots and Shoes.

WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SCHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

G-EO.

jflL. LO"WEi, OCDEN, UTAH, AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the JA.O-E3STT IFOR. THE CEXjEBE.jft.TEID

DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling "Wire and [Patent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederiek Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO.

A_. LOWE, OGDEN, UTAH.

HI *a illiiiH "''mm ""T Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DSNWOODEY'S, ITirst South Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer In SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER PRICE i$25.

KNITS A SOCK IN ^ MINUTES.

Oan teach you to Knit in ONE HOUE.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VAKIETIES!

4 Ton Scales, $6o, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Alerchandise, etc.,

JOHN""W. S1TELL.

One Block South of Theatre.

P. 0. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

^iHteli and lewit $mlm |l$ 5*J MANUFACTURERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET, DfcTesct to Ten.:ni:n.g"s <Ss Sozis.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OP Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS JLlsTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C.

WM. JENNINGS, R.

S. WATSON, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADNERTISEMENTS, School and College 123, 125.

127, 129, 131 MAIS STREET Salt Lake City, FURNITURE etc., Mattresses and Feathers, etc.

gehehal iniunm Children's Carriages and Boys'Wagons.

Special Terms For introduction given by Educational

Department of T'Sl Is^Carket St., S^-^T FKAITCISCO.

SEND FOR CATALOGUES.

W.

H.

PITTS, W.

H. SHEARMAN, FIRST IDZE^TTO- BZOTTSIE IIsT TJT^HT, Keep a Full Line of DRUGS, PATENT MEDICINES, PAINTS, OILS,

BRUSHES, VARNISHES, PERFUMERIES, TOILET AND FANCY ARTICLES IN GREAT VARIETY,

MILLING AND ASSAYING GOODS, CHEMICALS,

ETC.

Stock almost daily replenished so that friends may rely on

PURE AND FRESH GOODS!

Very Important Considerations to Consumers of Drugs.

Special Attention is Invited to the Large and Personally Selected Stock of Fancy and Useful Holiday Goods now arriving.

Prescriptions accurately and promptly prepared, DA Y or NIGHT, by able, gentlemanly and Experienced Pharjnacists.

mnrnniT AT BIT! II Have Proved themselves our friends, -and, rrSIrlr Ir Ihn while we desire to thank them for Past patron-

I LUl LL Ul UImBI age, we beg to assure them of the most Courteous Welcome and attention whenever they favor us with a call.

JgSr We shall esteem it a special favor if patrons will promptly report to us any came of dissatisfaction.

PRICES ALWAYS AS LOW AS ANY HOUSE IN UTAH.

Prs, Benedict's Offices over pur store,

GrOZDZOE, PITTS SZ CO.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor0301eng

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

OCTOBER, 1881.

No.

1.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS BIOGRAPHICAL.

"I was born,"writes the Prophet Joseph Smith, "in the year of our Lord 1805, on the 23d of December, in the town of Sharon, Windsor County, State of Vermont.

My father, Joseph Smith, Sen., left the State of Vermont and moved to Palmyra, Ontario County, (now Wayne County,) N. Y., when I was in my tenth year.

About four years afterward he moved with his family into Manchester, in the same county.

Some time in the second year after our removal to Manchester, there was in that place an unusual excitement on the subject of religion.

It commenced with the Methodists, but soon became general among all the sects in that region of country; indeed the whole district seemed affected by it, and great numbers united themselves to the different religious parties, which created no small stir and division among the people, some crying Lo, here! and some Lo, there When the converts began to file off, some to one party and some to another, it was seen that the seemingly good feelings of both the priests and the converts were more pretended than real;

for a scene of great confusion and bad feeling ensued, priest contending against priest, convert against convert.

I was at this time in my fifteenth year.

My mind was called up to serious reflections and great uneasiness, and I often said to myself what is to be done?

Who of all these parties is right? or, are they all wrong together?

If any of them be right which is it, and how shall I know it?

While I was laboring:

under the OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

extreme difficulties caused by the contests of these parties of religionists, I was one day reading the Epistle of James, first chapter, fifth verse, which says:

c If any of you lack wisdom let him ask of God, that giveth unto all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.'Never did any passage of Scripture come with more power to the heart of man than this did at the time to mine.

It seemed to enter with great force into every feeling of my heart.

I reflected on it again and again, knowing that if any person needed wisdom from God, I did for how to act I did not know and unless I could get more wisdom than I then had, would never know; for the teachers of religion of the different sects understood the same passage so differently as to destroy all confidence in settling the question by an appeal to the Bible.

At length I came to the conclusion that I must either remain in darkness and confusion or else

I must do as James directs, that is, ask of God.

I determined to 'ask of God,'concluding that if he gave wisdom to them that lacked wisdom, and would give liberally and not upbraid, I might venture.

So, in accordance with this, my determination to ask of God, I retired to the woods to make the attempt.

It was on the morning of a beautiful clear day, early in the Spring of 1820.

It was the first time in my life that

I had made such an attempt, for amidst all my anxieties I had never yet made the attempt to pray vocally."We are all acquainted with the result of this wonderful prayer of faith.

How

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

that the powers of darkness seized upon the youthful supplicant, paralyzing his tongue and threatening him with instant destruction, and how in his extreme alarm he made the gigantic effort to throw off the enemy from the unseen world, when the pillar of light appeared to deliver him, and the heavenly vision of two glorious personages was shown, while the portentous words were spoken:

"Joseph, this is my beloved Son,—Hear Him!"This was the first vision of the Prophet.

It chronicles the fulfilment of ancient prophecy and opens the Gospel dispensation of the fulness of times.

Joseph told his relatives and the ministers of the sectarian churches of his vision.

His family received his word with surprise, but they believed him;

the sectarians at once denied his vision and commenced to torment and persecute him.

Holding fast to his testimony that he had "seen a light and heard a voice,"he pursued his ordinary labors, subject at times to the temptations and follies of youth, until the evening of September 21st, 1823.

On that night he retired in a meditative mood to his room and, shortly after lying down for the night, while earnestly praying to God for forgiveness of his sins and for a manifestation of the divine favor, a light appeared in the room and the angel Moroni visited him, communicating the existence of the plates of the

Book of Mormon and the character of its contents, also of the Urim and Thummim, which God had prepared for the purpose of translating the plates.

The angel told him that the Lord would require him, when the time should come to take the plates and translate them, and on peril of his life not to show them to anyone,only as he might be directed,and that his name should be spoken among all people and nations for good and evil.

"While he (the angel) was conversing with me about the plates,"writes Joseph, "the vision was opened to my mind that I could see the place where the plates were deposited, and that so clearly and distinctly that I knew the place again when I visited it."This spot of such historical interest was the ancient Cumorah, and is now called in the neighborhood, "gold bible or Mormon hill."It lies about three miles south of Palmyra on the Canandaigua road.

Its northern side is abrupt and precipitous and gradually declines to the country level, southward, like the whole series of hills lying between Syracuse and Rochester.

Near the top of the western side and not far from the northern end of the hill, among a few barren trunks of beech trees, is the spot where the records were deposited.

On the day after receiving this visitation from Moroni, Joseph started to work, as usual, in the field with his father, but he was unable to perform his customary labor.

His father perceiving that he was not strong told him to go home. He started with the intention of going to the house, but in the effort to cross the fence out of the field his strength entirely failed him and he fell prostrate to the ground.

While in this condition the angel Moroni appeared again and commanded him to go and tell his father of the vision and commandments he had received.

Joseph obeyed and his father replied that the vision was of God, and for him to do as he had been instructed.

He thereupon left the field and went to the place where the plates were buried.

He uncovered the stone box which contained them, andsaw*not only the records but the breastplate and the Urim and Thummim.

He was about to take them out, when the angel appeared and for.

bade him to touch them, saying the time had not yet come, and would not for four years.

He gave Joseph much instruction in relation to the purposes of God, and the part that it was designed he should take in the work of the Lord upon the earth, and commanded him to return to the hill in a year from that day, and continue to do so each year until the time should come for delivering the plates.

During this period Joseph was engaged in ordinary labor such as falls to the lot of a farmer's son.

He was employed in the neighborhood and in surrounding villages by farmers and others to perform manual labor.

At one time while in the

SERMONS AAD WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

employ of Mr. Josiah Stoal of Chenango

County, N. Y., he was sent to labor on a mining claim of his employer's, near Harmony, Susquehannah County, Penn.

While there, though unsuccessful in the search for silver, which from the beginning he had tried to dissuade Mr.

Stoal from attempting, he found what was of far greater consequence to him,—his wife.

Boarding in the family of Mr.

Isaac Hale he became acquainted with his daughter Emma, and though her family opposed the match, they were married, by Squire Tarbill, in South Bainbridge, Chenango County, N.

Y.

on the eighteenth day of January, 1827.

On the twenty-second of the following

September, he repaired as usual, on that day, to the hill Cumorah, when the plates, the Urim and Thummim and the

Breastplate were delivered to him by the angel, with a charge that he should be responsible for them, and that if through neglect or carelessness he should let them go, that he should be cut off; but that if he did his utmost to preserve them he should have power to do so.

Persecution increased from the day that he obtained the plates.

While conveying them from a place near the hill, where he at first concealed them, to his father's house in Manchester, he was assaulted and shot at by enemies lying in wait for him.

During the whole time that the plates were in his possession, mobs, vascillating and curious friends, and enemies in various ways sought to deprive him of them, and to defeat him in the effort to translate them.

Besides the intrigue of enemies he had the misfortune of poverty to contend with, making what might appear trivial circumstances at this day peculiarly oppressive at the time.

However with the aid Martin Harris rendered,in giving the

Prophet fifty dollars, the latter was able to remove from the midst of his immediate tormentors, to Harmony, Susquehannah County, Pennsylvania, where in the house of his wife's father he commenced the work of translation.

Between December and February 1828, he copied some of the characters of the'engravings and translated them. In the latter month, Martin Harris came to him and took the copy of the characters and the translation he had made to Prof.

Anthon and Dr.

Mitchell, celebrated linguists of New York City, both of whom pronounced them Egyptian, Chaldaic, Assyriac and Arabic writings and testified that their translation was correct.

The history of the translation and publication of this wonderful volume affords matter alone for more space than this article can occupy.

The work was in progress from December 1827 to the summer of 1829 when it was completed and placed in the hands of the printer, Mr. Egbert Grandon of Palmyra.

The first edition was five thousand copies costing three thousand dollars.

It was issued early in the Spring of 1830.

During the period of the translation of the Book of Mormon some of the most important events in the life of the Prophet occurred, among them the visitations of John the Baptist and Peter, James and John conferring upon him and

Oliver Cowdery the Aaronic and Melchisedec priesthoods.

Oliver Cowdery came to Joseph's house in Harmony, April 15th, 1829, which was the first time they met.

Two days after, he commenced to write for Joseph and continued to do so, with various interruptions until the book was finished.

On the fifteenth of May 1829, Joseph and Oliver, who had received, prior to this, several revelations, went into the woods near by to pray, and inquire of the Lord respecting baptism for the remission of sins, which they found mentioned in the translation of the plates.

"While we were thus employed,"writes Joseph, "praying and calling upon the Lord, a messenger from heaven (John the Baptist) descended in a cloud of light, and having laid his hands upon us, he ordained us, saying unto us:

'Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, I confer the priesthood of Aaron, which holds the Keys of the ministering of Angels, and of the Gospel of repentance and of baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; and this shall never be taken again from the earth, until the the sons of Levi do ofier

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness.'"Having this authority conferred upon them they proceeded to the water and baptized each other, Joseph officiating first.

They then ordained each other in the same order, as they had been commanded by the angel.

Inexpressible was their joy after attending to these sacred ordinances.

The Holy Ghost fell upon them and they prophesied, and rejoiced exceedingly in the manifestations of God's favor which were poured out upon them.

While returning to the house, they overheard Samuel H.

Smith, Joseph's brother, praying in the woods, they conversed with him on the principles, explained the

Scriptures and the same day led him into the waters of baptism, Oliver Cowdery officiating.

Others soon followed in his footsteps.

The time of the Prophet was busily engaged translating, preaching by the fireside and receiving revelations, by means of the Urim and Thummim and the spirit of revelation and prophecy.

In the beginning of June 1829, David Whitmer came to Harmony with his team, for the purpose of conveying Joseph and Oliver to Fayette, Seneca County, N. Y., there to finish the work of translation.

The journey was one of peculiar interest.

Instead of Joseph carrying the plates with him in the wagon, they were taken in charge by an angel, who said he would deliver them to him on his arrival at Fayette.

This personage was seen on the road by Oliver Cowdery and David Whitmer.

It was also about this time, and perhaps while on this journey, that the keys of the Kingdom of God and the Melchisedec Priesthood were restored by the visitation of Peter, James and John.

While at Fayette, in the month of June,

Hyrum Smith, David and Peter Whitmer, Jr., were baptized in Seneca Lake, and from this time forth many became believers and were baptized.

It was during this month that the three witnesses: Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer and Martin Harris obtained a view of the plates.- They retired with Joseph to the woods in Fayette township near Mr.

Whitmer's house and thereafter earnest prayer, they were visited by an angel, who held the plates in his hands and turned over the leaves one by one so that the witnesses could discover the engravings thereon distinctly.

The first exhibition of the plates was to Joseph, Oliver and David, Martin Harris having gone to pray by himself, as while he was present no answer to their prayers was received.

Immediately after, however, Joseph joined him in his supplications and the vision of the plates and the voice from heaven, declaring that they had been revealed and translated by the power of God, was repeated. A few days after, the eight witnesses were permitted to view the plates, and their testimony was added to the others.

On Tuesday, the sixth of April, 1830, the Church was organized in Peter Whitmer's house, which was situated in

Fayette township a short distance south of the town of Waterloo, Seneca County,

N. Y.

The following six persons were all the members present on that occasion:

Joseph Smith, Hyrum Smith, Samuel H.

Smith, David Whitmer, Peter Whitmer,

Jr. and Oliver Cowdery.

According to authority and instruction previously given, Joseph laid hands upon Oliver and ordained him an Elder in the Church of Jesus Christ, and he in turn ordained

Joseph to the same office.

They then laid hands on the other members present that they might receive the gift of the Holy Ghost and be confirmed members of the Church.

The Spirit rested upon all and they were greatly blessed and edified.

A revelation was given, and other brethren were ordained to various offices as the Spirit directed.

On the following Sunday, Oliver Cowdery preached the first public discourse on the principles of the Gospel;

a large number of people attended and several were baptized the same day.

During the month of April the Prophet visited Mr. Joseph Knight, at Colesville,

Broome County, N. Y., and held several meetings in the neighborhood.

Among •the regular attendants was Mr. Knight's son Newel, who, in his hour of doubt respecting the Truth he had heard, became possessed of a devil, which Joseph

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

was requested to cast out.

He laid hands upon Newel and commanded the evil spirit to depart from him, when his countenance at once assumed its natural appearance, and he declared that he saw the devil leave him and vanish from his sight.

This was the first miracle performed by authority of the priesthood in this dispensation.

It will be necessary to pass over the events in the life of the Prophet, from this time on, very briefly in order to get them within the space allotted for this sketch.

In December, 1830, Sidney Rigdon and Edward Partridge,who had previously received the Gospel from Elde rs Parley P.

Pratt, Oliver Cowdery and others on their way to Missouri, came to

Joseph to enquire of the Lord.

Joseph had not before this time met Sidney Rigdon, which fact completely refutes the miserable subterfuge, scoffers of the

Book of Mormon have put forth, known as the ''Solomon Spaulding Story."In the latter part of January 1831, the Prophet and his wife, accompanied these brethren to Kirtland, Ohio, where they were received and kindly entertained in the home of Newel K. Whitney,who afterwards became the presiding bishop of the Church. During the Spring of 1 83 1, Joseph commenced to translate the Scriptures, and was occupied continually in this labor, receiving revelations and directing the affairs of the Church, which in Kirtland numbered upwards of a hundred members.

Many Saints from other places soon began to gather into Kirtland.

On the sixth of June a remarkable conference was held, and on the following day a revelation was given calling Elders to various fields of labor, and declaring that the land of Missouri should be consecrated as the Saints'inheritance, appointing the next conference to be held there, etc.

On the nineteenth of June, in company with Sidney Rigdon,

Martin Harris, W. W. Phelps, Edward

Partridge and others, Joseph started on the journey to Missouri.

They went by Cincinnati, Louisville and St. Louis, and arrived at Independence, Jackson County about the middle of July.

Soon after, a revelation was received declaring that place to be the Central Land of Zion and indicating the site on which the Temple should be built.

The Saints began at once to settle in the neighborhood.

The whole Colesville branch were among the first, Joseph helping them, on the second of August, to build their first log house twelve miles west of Independence.

The same day, the land was consecrated and dedicated for the gathering of the Saints by Sidney Rigdon.

"On the third day of August, 1831, the spot for the Temple, a little west of Independence, was dedicated in the presence of eight men, among whom were Sidney Rigdon, Edward Partridge,

W. W. Phelps, Oliver Cowdery, Martin

Harris and Joseph Coe.

The eightyseventh Psalm was read and the scene was solemn and impressive."Joseph was delighted with Missouri, In the fulness of his gratitude and delight he exclaimed: "God will shine—the perfection of beauty out of Zion."On the ninth of August, Joseph started back to Kirtland, arriving safely on the twenty-seventh.

He resumed the translation of the Bible, Sidney Rigdon assisting him.

Many meetings and conferences were held, and revelations, respecting the development and growth of the Church, were received.

In September Joseph moved to Hiram, Portage County, Ohio, where, on the night of the twenty-fifth of March, 1832, he was dragged from his bed and tarred and feathered by a mob, Sidney Rigdon suffering in the same persecution.

April 26th, 1832, Joseph was again in

Missouri and was acknowledged by the

Saints in general council as the President of the High Priesthood, agreeable to a previous ordination at a conference held at Amherst, Ohio, on the twentyfifth of January, 1832.

The first edition of three thousand copies of the Doctrine and Covenants was ordered printed at this Council.

In June the first number of the Evening and Mortiing Star, the first Church newspaper was issued at Independence, W. W. Phelps, Editor.

Joseph completed the translation of the New Testament, February 2nd, 1833,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

and of the Bible in the following July.

This was a most eventful year for the Church.

In July the corner stones of the Temple in Kirtland were laid.

The mobbing in Missouri commenced, which finally resulted in the driving of our people from the State.

On the seventeenth of February, 1834, the First Presidency of Three and High Council of Twelve were first organized, in Kirtland.

On May 5th, "Zion's Camp"left Kirtland for Missouri.

Early in 1835 the quorum of Twelve Apostles was organized, and sent out upon their first mission.

In 1836, March 27, the Kirtland Temple was dedicated, and on April 3d, the Savior, Moses, Elias and Elijah appeared to Joseph and Oliver Cowdery within its walls.

March 14, 1838, the Prophet removed his family from Kirtland, he being obliged to leave to escape mob violence, to Far West, Mo.

The Saints had been driven from Jackson, Van Buren,

Clay, Davies and Carroll Counties, Missouri, and persecution of the most relentless character was everywhere encountered by them, when at last,Oct. 27, i838,Governor Lilburn W. Boggs issued his exterminating order, requiring the Saints to leave the State on the peril of their lives.

Joseph Smith and others were taken prisoners and closely confined in Liberty jail and remained prisoners until

April 15th, 1839, when they effected their escape.

A few days after, Far West was evacuated and on the twentysecond Joseph reached Ouincy,

Illinois.

June nth, the first house of the Saints was built in Commerce, afterwards named Nauvoo, Illinois, and the people rapidly took possession of the townsite and built a beautiful city.

A charter was obtained which permitted the organization of a melitia, and gave all necessary power for the government and protection of the citizens.

Prosperity attended the labors of the people, though the Prophet was harrassed by law suits and requisitions from the Governor of Missouri, under which he was repeatedly tried and acquitted.

April 6th, 1841, the corner stones of the Temple of Nauvoo were laid and the Baptismal font was dedicated on the eighth of the following November.

August 6th, 1842, Joseph prophesied that the Saints would be driven from Illinois and take refuge in the Rocky Mountains.

The spirit of hatred and persecution was very bitter from this time on until it finally broke all barriers and demanded satiation in the blood of the Prophet and Patriarch.

June 27th, 1844, they were cruelly martyred in Carthage jail, notwithstanding Governor Ford had pledged the honor of the State of Illinois for their protection.

Thus ended the life that had begun in the humble home of the Vermont farmer.

By the power of God the youthful supplicant for wisdom had been brought forth from his obscurity, his name being spoken for good and evil among all nations.

He stood the ordeal of a Prophet's life—passing through the most trying scenes of rapine, mobocracy and cruel murder that man is ever called to witness.

He bore his testimony to the world and sealed it with his life's blood.

He accomplished more for the salvation of his race in the few years of his ministry than any prophet, save

Jesus only, that ever lived upon the earth.

He accomplished that which he was ordained and set apart under the hands of holy angels to do.

Those who investigate his life, peruse and reflect upon his revelations, read and study his sermons and take to heart the lesions of his ministration among men will discover and know of a surety that Joseph Smith the Prophet, in his career, answered every essential question necessary for the salvation of his fellow men.

The first of the Prophet's sermons that we shall publish, was delivered in the Temple at Nauvoo, January 29th, 1843.

I* was reported in long hand and is essentially an abridgement, as nearly all of his reported discourses are, though they are correct so far as they are given.

JOHN THE BAPTIST.

After reading the Parable of the Prodigal Son and making some preliminary remarks, I stated that there were two questions which had been asked me concerning my subject of the last

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

Sabbath, which I had promised to answer in public, and would improve this opportunity.

The question arose from the saying of

Jesus—"Among those that are born of women there hath not arisen a greater prophet than John the Baptist: nevertheless, he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he."How is it that John was considered one of the greatest of Prophets?

His miracles could not have constituted his greatness.

Firstly.

He was intrusted with a divine mission of preparing the way before the face of the Lord. Whoever had such a trust committed to him before or since?

No man.

Secondly.

He was intrusted with the important mission, and it was required at his hands to baptise the Son of Man.

Whoever had the honor of doing that?

Whoever had so great a privilege and glory?

Whoever led the Son of God into the waters of baptism, and had the privilege of beholding the Holy Ghost descend in the form of a dove, or rather in the sign of a dove, in witness of that administration? The sign of the dove was instituted before the creation of the world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, and the Devil cannot come in the sign of a dove.

The Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form of a personage.

It does not confine itself to the form of a dove, but in sign of a dove.

The Holy Ghost cannot be transformed into a dove but the sign of a dove was given to John to signify the truth of the deed, as the dove is an emblem or token of truth and innocence.

Thirdly.

John, at that time, was the only legal administrator in the affairs of the kingdom there was then on the earth and holding the keys of power.

The Jews had to obey his instructions or be damned, by their own law and Christ himself fulfilled all righteousness in becoming obedient to the law, which He had given to Moses on the mount, and thereby magnified it and made it honorable, instead of destroying it.

The son of Zachariah wrested thejceys, the kingdom, the power, the glory from the Jews, by the holy anointing and decree of heaven; and these three reasons constitute him the greatest Prophet born of a woman.

Second question—How was the least in the kingdom of heaven greater than he?

In reply, I asked—Who did Jesus have reference to as being the least?

Jesus was looked upon as having the least claim in all God's kingdom, and was least entitled to their credulity as a Prophet, as though he had said—'He that is considered the least among you, is greater than John—that is, myself.'

In reference to the prodigal son, I said it was a subject I had never dwelt upon;

that it was understood by many to be one of the intricate subjects of the Scriptures and even the Elders of this Church have preached largely upon it, without having any rule of interpretation?

What is the rule of interpretation?

Just no interpretation at all.

Understand it precisely as it reads.

I have a key by which I understand the Scriptures.

I inquire, what was the question which drew out the answer, or caused Jesus to utter the parable?

It is not national;

it does not refer to Abraham, Israel, or the Gentiles, in a national capacity, as some supposed.

To ascertain its meaning, we must dig up the root and ascertain what it was that drew the saying out of Jesus.

"While Jesus was teaching the people, all the publicans and sinners drew near to hear him; and the Pharisees and Scribes murmured, saying;

"This man receiveth sinners and eateth with them."This is the key-word which unlocks the Parable of the Prodigal Son.

It was given to answer the murmurings and questioning of the Sadducees and Pharisees, who were querying, finding fault and saying, "How is it that this man, as great as he pretends to be, eats with publicans and sinners?"Jesus was not put to it so,but he could have found something to illustrate his subject, if he had designed it for a nation or nations; but he did not.

It was for men in an individual capacity;

and all straining on this point is a bubble.

"This man receiveth sinners and eateth with them."And he spake this parable

GLACIERS.

unto them:

"What man of you having a hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost until he find it?

And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing.

And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbors, saying unto them, rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost.

I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons which need no repentance."The hundred sheep represent one hundred Sadducees and Pharisees, as though Jesus had said, "If you Sadducees and Pharisees are in the sheepfold, I have no mission for you I am sent to look up sheep that are lost; and when I have found them, I will back them up, and make joy in heaven."This represents hunting after a few individuals, or one poor publican, which the Pharisees and Sadducees despised.

He also gave them the Parable of the

Woman and her Ten Pieces of Silver, and how she lost one, and, searching diligently, found it again, which gave more joy among the friends and neighbors than the nine which were not lost;

like I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons that are so righteous: they will be damned anyhow; you cannot save them.

It's easy finding reasons why other people should be patient.

George Eliot.

GLACIERS.

On the tops of some of the high mountains around us, we may see snow at any season of the year.

The hottest weather of a long summer is not sufficient to melt it away.

If the mountains were still higher, or if they were located farther north, the quantity of snow would be much greater, and under such circumstances, the fall of snow in winter, would very likely be much greater, than the summer sun could melt away.

If this were the case, the snow would collect in unlimited quantities on these mountains, and, farther north, on the open valleys and plains, if nature had not provided some means by which it could be transported to lower levels, and there melted away, and carried to lakes and oceans to be used again in producing rain and snow.

These vast masses of snow and ice that collect in the high valleys and on the mountain slopes move very slowly down to lower levels, very much like an immense stream of tar or pitch.

They continue to slide down summer and winter, but yet if we observe their lower extremities they never go lower than a certain limit, and the immense ice stream seems to become stationary.

But when it reaches this point the temperature is high enough to melt it as fast as it comes down, and below this point, issuing from under the mass of ice is a stream of water, sometimes the origin of a large river.

It is thus that the Rhine and Rhone take their rise in the mountains of Switzerland.

These immense moving ice fields are called glaciers.

The high mountains and narrow valleys of Switzerland are very favorably located for the formation of these glaciers, and there they are found in great abundance.

In some places they are more than three miles wide, fifteen miles long, and from one to six hundred feet thick.

A few glaciers of considerable extent have been found in the Rocky Mountains, on Mount Shasta and in other places.

The Himalaya Range in the southern part of Asia also contains immense numbers of them, much more extensive than those in the Alps.

But if we would see them on the grandest scale, we must visit Greenland or the Antarctic Continent.

Here the entire surface is covered with ice and snow, in some places thousands of feet thick, all

GLACIERS.

moving toward the coast, where it is floated away by the water of the ocean to a warmer clime to be gradually melted away.

These mountains of floating ice are known by the name of ice-bergs.

In Greenland some of these streams are forty miles wide, while on the Antarctic continent they are said to exist even on a more extensive scale.

If we follow up any of these streams, we shall find them to divide into branches the same as a stream of water, only that there are not so many branches.

The ice stream fills up and flows down the very large ravines only.

The glaciers in sliding down to lower levels, are in all cases carried much below the snow line, that is, the line above which the snow lies all the year round, and from one year to another.

In Switzerland where the glaciers have been studied with great care, their lower extremities are found four and five thousand feet below the snow line.

Some seasons they creep much lower down than others, all depending on the temperature and condition of the atmosphere.

If for a number of years to come the summers should be much colder than they are now, the glaciers would be enabled to creep down much lower than before, as they do sometimes in Switzerland, overturning the huts of the peasantry and destroying their fields.

High up in the valleys, the snow that fills them up is very much the same as it fell, but every day the sun and winds melt a little of it, which trickles through, and in the night time freezes, so that it becomes more and more compact the farther down we go.

About half way down the valley the snow has changed to a mass of granules half snow and half ice, while still lower down and near the end we find only the true glacier ice, which however is still not so compact and hard as the ice we see here on our ponds and streams in winter.

The surface of the glacier is not by any means smooth, but covered with sharp projections, a number of feet high called needles, and cut up in various directions by deep fissures, though most of the latter are set across the direction of the moving mass.

Large boulders are carried down on the surface of the glacier, and these protect the snow and ice under them from melting away as rapidly as that around them.

So in the course of time all around is melted away leaving them standing on pinacles.

They soon, however, loose their balance, and falling, protect the ice under them as before, and thus form new projections.

Dirt also falls on the surface and this causes the snow under it to melt away more rapidly than elsewhere, thus increasing the unevenness still more.

Fissures are also formed, sometimes ten or fifteen feet wide, a hundred feet deep, and stretching very frequently all the way across the glacier.

In the winter season when the heavy snows fall, they are covered over and make traveling very dangerous.

Streams of water sometimes flow into these chasms, precipitating their waters with a terrific roar, and hollowing out great caverns of very irregular form and extraordinary beauty.

These fissures seem to remain always in the same place, notwithstanding the forward motion of the glacier, like waterfalls and rapids in a river.

When the bed of the ice stream increases in slope, the place where the break occurs is where the fissure is always found. We can at once understand why, as we know that the ice must follow the slope, and being brittle, it cannot bend but must break.

As the ice passes on, the fissure may partially close up while a new one is forming at the same place as the old one.

Like streams of water, glaciers carry down with them immense quantities of earth and stones, but this heavy material is carried in two places, part on the surface and part below along the ground.

Where there are great changes of temperature between night and day, summer and winter, the heat and cold causes the rocks and soil on the mountain sides to be loosened, and these rolling down, finally lodge on the surface of the glacier, and thence are carried down until the ice melts away.

Some jutting cliff generally furnishes most of these boulders, and in consequence of the progres-

IO NO; A TEMPERANCE STORY.

sive motion of glaciers, the stones may be seen arranged in a long line from the cliff to the lower extremity.

The moving mass in grinding along the ground carries along with it a large amount of soil and pulverized rock, as the latter would naturally be carried forward, and ground up by reason of the friction.

It makes no difference what may be the weight of the load carried or- what the size of the boulders, they are all carried to the end of the glaciers.

In this respect the transporting power is different from water, as that always drops the coarser material first, and as the stream flows more slowly, a less coarse deposit is made, until lastly only the very finest material is deposited, leaving the water perfectly clear.

The rocks carried down by water are worn so that their corners are all rounded, forming cobble stones, gravel and sand, but in the glacier they are safely packed in the ice and snow, and carried down uninjured, so that the rocks are just as angular as when they were first broken off.

Nor are they separated in layers, the coarse material below and the fine above, but all is mixed together without discrimination.

.

J. B.

Toronto.

NO;

A TEMPERANCE STORY.

"Call again, boys.""We will, good night.""Good night."The above conversation occurred, say twenty-five years ago, just as three promising young men of about the age of twenty passed out of a saloon situated on a prominent street in one of our western cities.

The young men hastened up the street the rude plank sidewalk creaking under their feet, was about the only noise made,. for it was already late, and no one, save a person here and there, who had spent the evening in the saloons, was out.

The town, or rather city, for it was incorporated, was an old fashioned one, with the rude conveniences of the early western settlement.

But very few substantial houses were erected, and business was done in one-story lumber buildings.

Though some of the more wealthy of the citizens had erected brick buildings one and two stories high;

and there were even two buildings of brick that towered what seemed then an immense height, three stories in air.

But the upper stories were not occupied, and frequently the remark could be heard from old heads that those buildings were a hundred years in advance of the general growth of the town..

Like many of the western cities of to-day, whatever other commodity it lacked, it had plenty of saloons.

These were quite extensively patronized by the youthful portion of the community.

Not only did the boys, from the surrounding settlements in the country, indulge in frequent tips when they came to town to sell the products of the farm, but also those who plied their various occupations in, and immediately around the city, were frequently seen indulging in the intoxicating liquid.

But it was noticeable, then as now, that the boys from the country made themselves more ridiculous after they had indulged in the hellish beverage than did the youth or men of the city.

They were less cultivated, and had the fault of using slang and very low, silly language, of which their otherwise equal brethren of the city could not so justly be accused.

And, as the language a person uses betrays his general behavior, so it was that the conduct of the former was more objectionable than that of the latter;

though it might be better to say nothing of conduct or character, as that of neither class (when intoxicated) is worth the time it takes to speak of it.

The streets of the city were wide and dusty.

They were arranged so that a line of shade trees could be planted on each side at a convenient distance from the board, willow or picket fences, to make a pleasant pathway.

The streets

NO; A TEMPERANCE STORY.

II crossed each other at short distances, running east and west, north and south, making square blocks of the city, which blocks contained about five acres of ground.

The business part of town consisted of one of these blocks.

The stores faced the north, east and south;

the west side of the block, not having been built up, was occupied by two or three small dwellings.

The inside of the block seemed to be the common property of all, for here was thrown old boxes and rubbish of all kinds until, in the hot summer months the air in this quarter was poisoned with the gases of the decaying garbage.

The occupation of the people, outside of those who transacted business, was farming.

The whole of the city was laid out similarly sto that of the business block.

Neat cottages, surrounded by flower gardens and orchards, extended for long distances on either side of the business part of town.

But the farms were outside of the city.

Lovely indeed in their summer dress, were these staunch supporters of the people.

And it was indeed a pleasure to know that nearly every man that lived in the city, had a farm from which he received his main support, and upon which he gave employment to his boys.

Some of the more successful had begun the merchandise business in connection with farming.

The older boys of such families were called from the farm to aid in the offices and sales-rooms.

The three young men to whom reference has been made, were men of this class.

Their fathers were successful as farmers and merchants.

They had been called from the farm to assist in the countinghouse.

The change had been gratifying to them.

They gradually grew up in the business, until they were entrusted with responsible positions in various transactions for their fathers.

They had grown up together on the farms, and their affection for each other continued in their new circumstances. As it is true that friendships formed in childhood are the most enduring, especially when childhood friends are spared the pains of separation.

It was for this reason that after their day's work was done, they were frequently together.

At first they were contented with each others company, and would loiter leisurely along to their homes speaking of business and other matters, just as one will in walking with a companion whom he has known for a life time.

But men are seldom satisfied with what tfiey are.

If a man is happy, he thinks others are happier.

In our endeavors to get something better, we often leave the happiness we possess, and vainly pursue its shadow.

These young men wished to see more of pleasure.

One night they stopped in front of a saloon to listen to the merry noises that came from the bar, and from the billiard and pool tables.

The next night they went in, just to see what was going on.

A third night they went again that they might be able to tell what ugly sights of wasted and wasting life were to be seen.

They spoke of the terrors, and deprecated the existence of such places, but they were gradually falling into the error that Pope has so beautifully portrayed:

"Vice is a monster of such frightful mein,

That to be hated needs hut to be seen;

But seen to oft, familiar with her face,

We first endure, then pity, then embrace."

And, therefore, when they went again, they saw no harm in taking a glass of wine, though they did not make it a business to stay and drink more.

It was as they left this time that the conversation took place which is at the head of this article.

After a young man has taken his first glass with an idea that there is no harm in it, the story is told.

The reader may guess the end of this narrative.

As man is known by the company he keeps, it will not be necessary to tell the story of each of these young men.

But we will give a sketch of the history of one of them, and by his life judge those of his companions.

And if in so doing we judge'them wrongfully, when information of error shall reach us, we will be pleased to tell of their happier lot, and be glad to know they have repented.

NO; A TEMPERANCE STORY.

Time sped on.

From day to day, week to week, month to month, the three young men continued in the busy, but comparatively quiet life of countinghouse clerks.

At the age of twenty-four, the subject of our sketch, then bright and in the bud of manhood chose for himself a wife.

Of the quiet hours, of the sighs, the looks, the eyes, the touches of the hand that this labor of love embraced, all men shall be left in ignorance.

This is not a love story.

Besides, the reader may have experienced all this, and consequently can obtain a better knowledge by recollections of the past than by reading an attempted description; and if the reader has not had this experience, he must be content with the assurance of sages, poets and others, who should know, that the happiest moments of his life lie in the future.

He married.

A good and lovely wife made his pleasant home happy.

His residence was made beautiful by trees which threw their cooling shadows over the paths and walks; a fountain watered the flowers that grew in rich profusion around the little lawn that lay in front of the cottage.

In the back ground fruit trees were planted.

By bountiful crops, these rewarded the labor that had been bestowed upon them.

At night when he returned from his labor, he would often sit upon the porch with his wife;

the surroundings, their love, and the bright prospects of the future, suggested to the passer-by true, earthly happiness, and often caused envy in the hearts of those less fortunately situated.

In the course of time, bright children blest their home.

There seemed to be nothing that could ever cloud the sun of their happiness.

In that home, affability and kindness, industry and love, charity and good-will, made their dwelling place delightful.

As Bulwer says of Glaucus and lone, so might it be said of these:

"There was poetry in their very union.

They imagined the heavens smiled upon their affection.

As the persecuted seek refuge at the shrine, so they recognized in the altar of their love an asylum from the sorrows of earth; they covered it with flowers—they knew not of the serpents that lay coiled behind."But though unseen, there were serpents; and they seemed to hiss and to twine their slimy forms around every letter of the words of the bar-keeper, "Call again."Years came and went.

The rapid developement of the western country is proverbial.

Our city was not behind.

To-day, the business block is built all around with fine brick edifices.

Three blocks on either side, where once were dwelling houses, are now lined with business houses, hotels, banks, and magnificent saloons.

The streets are lighted with electricity; the old lumber sidewalks have given place to substantial asphaltum.

Everything is hurry and bustle.

Street cars, news boys, bells, clocks, whistles, make an intolerable racket.

Business has swallowed up the humbler and happier avocation of the farmer.

And where twenty-five years ago each head of a family had a farm, now each capitalist has twenty farms their former owners, slaves to their own indiscretion and folly.

Fortifnes have thus been built upon failures.

And we rest assured that this will continue to be so, as long as men gain knowledge from experience rather than, in such cases, from what they see in others.

Never mortgage your home or farm simply to experience results; but go to those who have done so, and by what you see, learn your lesson.

About three blocks north of the busiest part of town stands a lonely house.

The shade trees are cut down, their branches are gone, as if they had been stripped to serve as wood for the miserable creatures that inhabit it.

The fence is down.

The fruit trees have been destroyed by loose animals who have made their scanty shade a resting place.

The windows are broken;

the ruins of what was once a fountain, are scattered in front; near one side of the house is an old broken down baby carriage.

The rooms inside look uninviting and cold, even shabby and dirty.

The rising moon shining over the old tree stumps as it once did through the proud foliage

NO; A TEMPERANCE STORY.

of their branches, shows a sad picture of misery and disgrace, where but a few years ago it shone to reveal true love and happiness.

A poorly clad woman her hair in disorder, is lying in front of the door.

"That old woman's drunk again,"shout the little urchins as we stop to look at the sad picture.

"What, a woman drunk!"Yes, she was driven to it;

her husband is a drunkard.

He was once a promising young merchant.

His father died and the business fell to his son, and for some years it prospered.

He married this woman, and they'lived happily together until he began to drink.

It crept slowly upon him;

he took one drink first, he imagined no harm in it;

he was invited to call again, which he did, until he became what he now is—

a drunkard, whom nobody respects, and whom all shun.

He had a lovely house here, a good wife, and children to make him happy.

He owned a good store in the city, and was doing a lively business.

His store is in other hands now; he does not own a cent;

even this uncultivated spot is not his.

The owner lets him occupy the place simply from pity.

Day-time sees him loafing around the benches of the drunkard, and night finds him in the saloons waiting for drink, bearing the insults, slurs and jeers of unknown companions with the hope that their pity and love for fun will give him drink. When the hour for closing comes, he is turned into the street and his resting place is the cold ground or the prison cell.

His children are paupers, growing up in ignorance and disgrace.

And his wife—heavens what a pity!—a drunkard too.

She was good, lovely, affectionate.

It seems impossible that a woman of this character can become so degraded as the drunken hag we see before us.

But it is not.

She endured her troubles long and well. She saw her husband disgraced, his property gone, and above all, the love he bore for her destroyed in his love for drink.

She sought succor in the same evil, the result of which is ruin alike to either sex.

Have you not witnessed this?

A few days ago, a woman, ill clad, bended with age, was tottering to town to sell her family Bible, the last comfort she had, for drink.

She had sold her bed and preferred lying on the floor that she might have drink.

Was she not young once? Was she not good?

Was she not affable and kind?

Yes; but drink works ruin;

it places hatred where love should dwell;

it gives destruction for prosperity; ugliness for beauty,sorrow for happiness; for manhood and womanhood, weakness and idiocy;

for health and strength, sickness and a clouded mind;

it embitters the sweets of life and causes father and mother to forget their offspring.

And with all its attendant curses, drink had wrought this change upon the once happy couple.

What a sad picture this, compared with that of twenty-five years ago.

This couple will soon die uncared for, unhonored and dispised; only to awaken in the other world to find themselves in a self-made Hell, tortured with the bitter recollections of a life spent in sin and uselessness.

And all this because a promising youth did not say the simple "no"to the invitation, "Call again."In conclusion, I wish to state that this did not take place twenty-five years ago, but that it happened in one of the streets of Ogden City on the evening of

Saturday, September 3d, 1881.

And if this should ever fall under the eyes of the three young men whose conversation with the bar keeper is given at the head of this article, I beg of them never to "call again,"lest the story which

I have told become a reality in their lives.

Edward H. Anderson.

Few persons have the wisdom to prefer censure which is useful to them, to praise which deceives them.

The kind of little boys who go to heaven.—The teacher had grown eloquent in picturing to his little pupils the beauties of heaven, and he finally asked:

"What kind of little boys go to heaven?"A lively four-year-old boy, with kicking boots, flourished his fist.

"Well, you may answer,"said the teacher.

"Dead ones!"the little fellow shouted, at the extent of his lungs.

CHRONOLOG Y OF THE HINDOOS.

CHRONOLOGY OF THE HINDOOS.

Many of the educated of the present day, who are inclined to infidelity, are to a certain extent bewildered in regard to the chronology of the world.

They are willing to lend themselves to the vague speculations of rude nations, on account of their assumed antiquity, and discard the record of Moses, setting forth the history of early times.

They assume that the Hindoos were the most intellectual and advanced nation of antiquity, and that Moses pharaphrased the law given to the children of Israel from the written Institutes of Menu.

Modern oriental scholars who have visited India, and become familiar with the Sanscrit, discovered from the laws of

Menu a ritual, similar to that, in every particular, given to Moses, and dated back hundreds of thousands of years.

In fact, long before "the morning stars sang together,"when "the foundations of the earth were laid."They assert that a Hindoo legislator gave political and religious institutions to India, and is called Menu.

A certain character performs the same role in Egypt, and is denominated Manes.

The Greeks have their Minos, and the Hebrews, Moses.

They state that Menu in Sanscrit, means the man par excellence, the Legislator;

That the four characters referred to, completely overshadowed the entire ancient world; they came forth at the infancy of four different peoples to perform the same part, all four being legislators and high priests to their respective communities;

hence, many are inclined to believe that Moses borrowed the law from Menu, and made it applicable to his brethren.

The facts are just the reverse.

The Hindoo histories are written in poetry, which abound with tales, and extravagant fables.

Major Rennel says:

"There is no known history of Hindostan, nor any record of the historical events of that country, prior to the Mohammedan conquests, and since that period, it is not to Hindoo, but Mohammedan pens that we are indebted for all our knowledge of the Mohammedan conquests, and of the events which preceed the passage to India by the Cape of Good Hope.

The Hindoo system of history, chronology and geography is simply ridiculous and absurd.

For instance, they believe the earth is five hundred million yojanas, or two billion, four hundred and fifty-six million English miles in circumference, and they imagine some of the mountains of the earth are one hundred yojanas, or four hundred and ninety-one English miles high.

It is stated in the Puranas, that the mountains lying south of the holy city of Benares, in the beginning, were so high, that their sombre shadows obscured the city, and kept it in darkness, until Mahadeva, another of the many names for the god Siva, who is also the third person in the Hindoo trinity, became enraged at their contempt, and they were obliged to humble themselves to the ground; so their highest peak now is only about five hundred feet high."When the Mohammedans overran India, they ransacked, on their expedition, every Hindoo temple, robbing them of their accumulated treasures which were deposited there.

It was also a characteristic of the Moslem conquerors to be on the lookout for records elucidating the sciences then extant.

It was a general practice with them to take all books and records, together with the professors, who were capable of giving instructions in the sciences, to Bagdad and other Mohammedan centers to have the knowledge the books contained, with the assistance of the teachers, disseminated among the people;

for they, in their day, had learned that knowledge was power.

From what the writer could learn, while a sojourner in India, from their assumed extravagant notions, in relation to their antiquity, the Hindoo period of writing works on religion and other kindred subjects, was not more remote than the middle ages.

The Bible contains the most primitive of our historical records, and nothing can be gleaned from that book to convey the fact, that Moses and the

CHRONOLOGY OF THE HINDOOS.

Jewish people had any knowledge whatever of India.

In fact, the Euphrates, and the country lying to the eastward, were viewed by the Hebrews as the "ends of the earth."It was long after Moses'day, when very imperfect caravan routes were opened to eastern Asia, across the highest ridge of mountains in the world, also encountering dreary deserts.

By this route, the fine fabrics of India, such as the "rich apparel bound with cords,"referred to by the Prophet

Ezekiel, were brought into Western Asia.

During this intercourse, no doubt, ideas were exchanged, and the dealings of God with Israel, etc., were brought to their notice.

Again, during the first century of the Christian era, the Apostle

Nathaniel was flayed alive and crucified in Great Armenia;

Saint Matthew was martyred at Nabadar;

Saint Simeon was crucified in Persia, and Thomas penetrated as far as the Coromandel coast, on this side of the Ganges, where he suffered martyrdom.

No doubt, these Apostles scattered their sacred information all along their tracks.

Also, the Sanscrit writers had access to the same inspired manuscripts, that the compilers of the Bible had.

The minds of the Orientals are inclined to childish stories, superstitious and extravagant notions in regard to their ancestors.

They localized the inspired manuscripts that may have come within their reach, assigning the actors to India as their residence, and painting the whole with the sanctity of antiquity, reaching back into a period that seems mythical.

The Hindoos have their idea of the creation;

the war in heaven; the fall of Adam; whose name in Sanscrit is "Adima,"which means the first man.

And Eve is called "Heva,"that which completes life.

The Garden of Eden, with the Hindoos, was situated on the island of Ceylon.

They have their story of the deluge, the Ark eventually resting on the tops of the Himilaya Mountains;

their legends of Adjigarta, which accord exactly with the history of the Patriarch Abraham as given in the Bible the birth and mission of the Savior, which was one of the Avatars of Vishnu.

An Avatar, in this connection, means the descent of Vishnu,who is the second person in the Hindoo trinity, being born of the virgin Devanaguy;

also the child's life, while an infant, sought by the tyrant of Medura, whose every act of cruelty corresponds with that of Herod;

hence, when the Christian missionaries would hold forth to a Hindoo audience, setting forth the noble self-sacrificing acts of Bible worthies, the Brahmans would look wise, and reply that they had records representing the same class of benefactors, only "ours existed long before yours."

In order that our readers may become familiar with the claims of the oriental nations to a remote antiquity,

I will state that the Chinese nation makes pretensions of its duration to the most remote ages.

A scrap of Chaldaic history sets forth that writings were preserved at Babylon, comprising a period of one hundred and fifty thousand years.

The Egyptians claim that 'one of their kings, individually reigned ten thousand years.

But the Burmese, inhabitants of the farther peninsula of India, make the most audacious inroads into the realms of past ages.

The Burmese, according to Dr.

Buchanan, believe that the lives of the first inhabitants of their country, lasted one Assenchii, a period of time, of which they thus communicate an idea:

"If for three years it should rain incessantly over the whole surface of the earth, which is one million, two hundred and three thousand, four hundred juzana in diameter, the number of drops of rain falling in such a space and time, although far exceeding human conception, would only equal the number of years contained in one Assenchii."According to the Hindoo system, the duration of the world is divided into four grand periods, called Yugs.

The Satya Yug is the first division of time, and comprehends one million, seven hundred and twenty-eight thousand years.

The second is denominated the Treata Yug, and comprehends one million, two hundred and ninety-six thousand years.

The third is designated the

i6 THOUGHTS ON GENESIS.

Dwapara Yug, which includes eight hundred and sixty-four thousand years.

The fourth is known as the Cali Yug, consisting of a period of four hundred and thirty-two thousand years.

The first three divisions of time have expired, and the present year of the Christian era, four thousand, nine hundred and seventy-five years of the Cali Yug has passed, leaving four hundred and twenty-seven thousand and twenty-five years before the return of the Mah-Pralaya (decomposition of all that exists), which takes place at the end of the Cali Yug.

At this period, the tenth Avatar takes place, which, according to Hindoo mythology, is the tenth time that Vishnu has assumed a body of one shape or another.

When the children of Brahma stray from him, it is requisite for Vishnu to perform his part, to bring the rebellious children back to their ancient purity, after which, he returns to Brahma.

When he came as the son of the Virgin

Devanaguy, he assumed the role of a prophet and pastor, and when his work was^accomplished,he died an ignominious death on the banks of the Ganges.

At the end of the Cali Yug, he will appear in all his glory, in the form of a horse, and have a fierce struggle with the prince of the powers of darkness, or

Rackchasas*(the Hindoo appellation for devil), and chase him back to hell. They assert that the world commenced by a contest between the Spirit of Good and the Spirit of Evil, and it must so end.

The day of Brahma continues twelve thousand divine years, which is only a cycle of a countless succession of them.

The divine year is equal to three hundred and sixty solar years, hence twelve thousand multiplied by three hundred and sixty, equals the period of the four Yugs, namely, four million, three hundred and twenty thousand solar years, or Brahma's day.

William Fotheringham.

THOUGHTS ON GENESIS.

Some scientists take an honest pride in the idea that they have descended from the ape:

they consider it shows progress and development.

We have no such feelings.

Even if it were true, we should feel disposed to say but little regarding such a pedigree.

But being untrue, we take pleasure in the thought that we have sprung from Adam, who "was the son of God."It may be argued that there is little sonship in being formed from the dust of the ground; but man has an eternal spirit as well as a mortal body, and that spirit was given of

God, begotten of God, and to its Heavenly Father will return.

We do not believe that the Bible statement that Adam's body was formed of "the dust of the ground"implies more than that it was organized from the common elements or materials employed •in the formation or organization of other living beings.

The details of the method by which man was formed is not stated with precision by the writer of the Book of Genesis.

And as'to the argument that Eve could not have been formed of a rib taken out of Adam's side, because a man has the same number of ribs as a woman, we regard it of but little value either for or against the Biblical statement to that effect.

If the individual skeleton of Adam were under inspection, the question might be pertinent; but as no one claims that women are taken out of men's sides, in that way, now-a-days, men ought in this generation to have the proper number of ribs.

Modern thinkers, especially of the skeptical school, have many doubts with regard to the authorship of the first five books of the Bible, attributed to Moses;

especially of the Book of Genesis which gives an account of the creation of the earth.

It is also urged that Moses could not write the account of his own death as found at the conclusion of the Book of Deuteronomy.

But common sense would say that those few verses could be added as an addenda by a later scribe

SIEGE OF YORKTOWN.

n (by Ezra, for instance, when he re-wrote these books) without invalidating the rest of the record.

Some writers have maintained that throughout Genesis and in the first chapters of Exodus there are traces of two original documents at least, some claim more.

These two documents are characterized by giving different names to God.

In the one he is called Eloheim and in the other Jehovah.

It appears never to have entered into the thoughts of these writers that possibly two different heavenly personages were intended.

One simple passage from the mouth of our late beloved President, Brigham Young, throws a flood of light on this subject.

It is as follows:

"It is true that the earth was organized by three distinct characters, namely, Eloheim, Jahovah, and Michael, these three forming a quorum as in all heavenly bodies."

Modern revelation has also decided the disputed question of the authorship of the Book of Genesis. We read in a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1830, the following particulars as to where the details of the Creation of the heavens and the earth were made known to Moses, setting at rest for ever, in the minds of believers, the authorship of that sublime recital.

It is revealed:

"The words of God, which he spake unto Moses at a time when Moses was caught up into an exceeding high mountain, and he saw God face to face, and he talked with him, and the glory of God was upon Moses; therefore Moses could endure his presence."For this is my work and my glory, to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

And now, Moses, my son, I will speak unto you concerning this earth upon which you stand; and you shall write the things which I shall speak.

And in a day when the children of men shall esteem my words as naught, and take many of them from the Book which you shall write, behold, I will raise up another like unto you, and they shall be had again among the children of men;

among even as many as shall believe.

These words were spoken unto Moses in the Mount, the name of which shall not be known among the children of men.

And now they are spoken unto you.

Amen.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Behold I reveal unto you concerning this heaven, and this earth; write the words which I speak.

I am the Beginning and the End, the Almighty God; by mine Only

Begotten I created these things;

yea, in the beginning I created the heaven, and the earth upon which thou standest.

And the earth was without form, and void; and I caused darkness to come up upon the face of the deep; and my Spirit moved upon the face of the water; for I am God, etc."Pearl of Great Price.

How blessed are we in having this more sure word of revelation for our infallible guide, which can, and does, in a few moments, decide the controversies of centuries, and with truth, "diamond truth,"makes known all that is necessary for our salvation.

Geo. Reynolds.

SIEGE OF YORKTOWN.

The triumphant victory of our nation over the British forces at Yorktown, one hundred years ago, is an important event in American history.

The centennial of the anniversary of that victory will be celebrated, on the nineteenth of October.

And as it is creating a great deal of interest in France as well as in this country, it would not be. amiss to give a brief description of the most important scenes and events which transpired at that period.

The year 1780 had developed a series of disasters to the Americans in the South.

Charleston had been captured by Sir Henry Clinton, commander-in chief of the British forces in America, who garrisoned it with a strong force and then returned to New York; leaving

Lord Cornwallis in command of the

SIEGE OF YORKTOWN.

troops in that district of country.

This general succeeded in totally defeating General Gates, the conqueror of Burgoyne, at Camden, on the sixteenth of August.

In this engagement the Americans lost two thousand men in killed, wounded and prisoners.

These reverses in connection with the treason of Benedict Arnold, depressed the spirits of the army and cast a gloom over the whole people.

The year 1781, however, opened with better prospects for the struggling Americans.

France had acknowledged the independence of the colonies and had dispatched several thousand men and a large fleet to their assistance.

In the early part of January Colonel Tarleton, who had been devastating a portion of South Carolina, with one thousand men encountered Colonel Morgan's brigade at the Cowpens.

The action that followed was short but decisive.

Tarleton retreating from the field with a loss of seven hundred and eighty-four men.

General Greene who had succeeded Gates in South Carolina, had been watching the movements of Cornwallis for some time, but on receiving reinforcements from Virginia, he resolved to venture a battle, Cornwallis, previous to this had retired into North Carolina.

Greene followed him, and the two armies met at

Guilford Court House.

A desperate battle at once ensued.

If the militia had stood firm, the Americans would have gained the day, for they were superior in point of numbers.

But the greater portion of the militia, never having been under fire before, threw down their arms and fled.

Greene with great presence of mind, immediately covered his rear with a regiment of regulars, and then quietly withdrew his whole army, thus saving it from receiving a crushing defeat.

Although Cornwallis claimed the victory he did not follow up his advantage, but crossed over into the province of Virginia, which he determined to reduce at all hazards.

Previous to this, Arnold and General Phillips with three thousand six hundred men had landed at Portsmouth, in Virginia, and commenced to lay waste the lower districts, destroying many towns and villages and putting the defenseless inhabitants to the sword.

When Cornwallis arrived at Portsmouth he joined these troops to his own, thus swelling his army to about eight thousand effective men.

To oppose this formidable array LaFayette, who had been entrusted with the command of this state, had only twelve hundred infantry.

Cornwallis pursued him for many miles, but failed to overtake him.

The British general, after destroying a vast amount of property both public and private, along the James

River, took post at Yorktown.

LaFayette, ever on the alert, haying received a reinforcement of one thousand men under General Wayne, stationed himself about eight miles from Cornwallis'position.

He then sent a dispatch to Washington, who was encamped on the Hudson, urging him to gather together all his available men and march to his assistance.

Washington, who had formed a conjunction with the French troops under Count de Rochambeau, had been making some preparations to lay siege to New York.

But when he received this news from La Fayette, and also further information in regard to the expected appearance of a French fleet in the Chesapeake Bay on the first of September, he decided to change his plans.

Washington thought that with the co-operation of this fleet, he could by a single blow reduce the British forces in the South, which would be equal in importance to the capture of New York.

With this determination, to avoid arousing the suspicions of Clinton,he allowed a letter, describing the operations, by which he intended to conduct the siege of New York, to fall into the latters'hands.

Clinton really believing that Washington was making preparations to besiege him, put forth his whole strength in building works to defend his position. W rhile he was thus engaged the combined forces of the Americans and French crossed the North River, without exciting any suspicion or receiving opposition, and by forced marches reached Williamsburg, where LaFayette was encamped, on the

SIEGE OF YORKTOWN.

1 9 fourteenth of September.

Clinton did not discover their departure until it was too late to prevent it.

The French fleet under DeGrasse had been blockading York river since August 30th. A British fleet commanded by Admiral Graves had entered the bay on the fifth of September, for the purpose of relieving Cornwallis, but DeGrasse having been reinforced by eight ships of the line and some transports under Count DeBarras, could bring into action thirty-six men of war besides the transports.

The English admiral seeing that it would be an impossibility to force his way through such a powerful armament, left the bay.

But not until he had been severely handled by the French ships.

On the twenty-eighth of September the allied army numbering sixteen thousand men moved forward to invest Yorktown, and on the evening of the same day camped within two miles of the British outposts.

About this time Cornwallis, who had been putting up a line of breastworks and redoubts some distance from the town, received a letter from Sir Henry Clinton, stating that he had determined to send Cornwallis a fleet with five thousand men to render him assistance.

After receiving this intelligence, Cornwallis abandoned these outer works and retired within the lines surrounding the town.

He also dispatched Tarleton with his cavalry to take possession of Gloucester, a small village situated directly opposite Yorktown on the other side of the river.

On the thirtieth the allies occupied the evacuated works.

On the ninth of October, everything being in readiness they opened their batteries within six hundred yards of the enemies works.

The Cannonade was very destructive, demolishing many buildings in Yorktown and even reaching the English ships which were anchored in the harbor, setting fire to several, and burning them to the water's edge.

On the eleventh the Americans and French opened a second line of fortifications three hundred yards nearer.

Large siege guns were wheeled into position, the fire from which opened great breaches in the British works and made terrible havoc in their ranks.

There were two redoubts situated on the left, manned by the British, which returned the fire with a will, severely distressing the besiegers. These the latter determined to take by assault.

On the night of the fourteenth, under cover of darkness, two detatchments, one American and the other French, under the respective commands of Colonels Hamilton,

Laurens and Deuxponts, moved silently forward to the assault.

The English, taken by surprise, fought desperately, but were obliged to give way with considerable loss in killed, wounded and prisoners.

On the side of the allies the French, having to oppose the greater number, sustained the heaviest loss, one hundred men.

These redoubts were then included in the second parallel and in the morning opened their guns on the

British.

The condition of Cornwallis had now become exceedingly critical.

The latest news from New- York, was to the effect that Clinton would be unable to render him any aid for the present.

Cornwallis then resolved on a sortie.

On the morning of the sixteenth Colonel Abercrombie,with four hundred men,made a dashing charge and succeeded in penetrating a part of the American lines and spiked several cannon.

But fresh troops arriving on the scene they were driven back with severe loss.

Cornwallis was now growing desperate.

A portion of his men were sick, unfit for service, nearly all his cannon were rendered useless by the terrific fire from the allies, whose batteries were gradually closing in upon them.

His only chance, he thought, was to cross over York river with his strongest battalions and break his way through the French lines that were besieging Gloucester.

On the night of the sixteenth he commenced to embark his troops to the opposite shore, but a storm soon arising only one battalion succeeded in crossing.

Not receiving any support it recrossed the river in the morning.

With the failure of this attempt, Cornwallis thought it would be useless to hold

VIRGIL.

out any longer.

So on the morning of the seventeenth he sent a messenger to the headquarters of Washington, asking him to cease hostilities and to appoint commissioners to help draw up the articles of capitulation.

On the nineteenth the necessary articles, having been duly signed by representatives of both armies, the whole British force with General O'Hara at the head (Cornwallis feigning sickness had remained in the town) marched out of Yorktown.

On O'Hara proffering the English Commander's sword, Washington called to General Lincoln, who immediately stepped forward, took the extended weapon, to confirm the surrender and then returned it.

The soldiers to the number of seven thousand two hundred and forty-seven then grounded their arms.

The British, besides a vast quantity of small arms, delivered up one hundred and sixty pieces of cannon.

The news of this victory soon spread throughout the whole of the colonies, and was everywhere received with joy and satisfaction.

Congress tendered a vote of thanks to Washington, La Fayette

Rochambeau, De Grasse and others for the able and successful manner in which they had conducted the siege.

Washington had continued the unequal struggle for six long and weary years, enduring severe hardships and privations with those noble and self sacrificing soldiers, who generally were ragged, poorly fed and badly equipped with the implements of war, and whose families at home were suffering for the want of the common necessaries of life.

This great victory, however, inspired the people with a greater reverence for the man, whose name was destined to be handed down from generation to generation, loved honored and respected by all mankind.

It was on this memorable occasion that the true and noble character of Washington shone forth with greater lustre.

At the time the British were marching out, he rode along the line and said "My brave fellows let no sensation of satisfaction for the triumph you have gained induce you to insult your fallen enemy.

Let no shouting, no clamorous huzzaing increase their mortification.

Posterity will huzza for us."The following day he ordered the troops to perform divine service and return thanks to Providence for the watchful care extended to them through all the vicissitudes of war.

The surrender of Yorktown virtually closed the war, for a feeling soon began to manifest itself in England which was favorable to America.

The subject of peace was brought up in the House of Commons, in June, 1781, and supported by many prominent members, but bitterly opposed by prime minister North and the king.

However in 1782 the English people had become so utterly dissatisfied with the war that Lord North was obliged to resign.

The new parliament that was formed, declared peace, on the nineteenth of April, 1783, and the united colonies blended into one great commonwealth was acknowledged as one of the independent nations of the world.

Thos.

Y. Stanford.

Josh Billings says that "a good doctor is a gentleman to whom we may pay three dollars a visit for advising us to eat less and exercise more."VIRGIL.

Some writers claim that Publius Virgilius Maro was born in a small village near Mantua, then called Andes, but now bearing the name of Pictola.

Others say that Mantua itself had the honor of being his birthplace.

This is a question, like so many others of antiquity of a similar nature, of which we can receive no satisfactory information and which is, after all, of but small import to any but the antiquarian, the traveler or the lover of controversy.

It would doubtless be interesting to travelers in that portion of the world to

VIRGIL.

know the exact place of the poet's birth, which is supposed to have occurred about the fifteenth of October, 70 B. C.

But little is known of Virgil's father.

It is supposed that he was either an itinerant astrologer and physicist or a servant of some of the learned in these sciences, or that he was a potter of Andes.

His mother Maja was not only a woman of noble birth, but of superior intellect and judgment.

She claimed to have had visions and dreams concerning the future greatness of her son, which doubtless had the desired effect upon her husband in causing him to give their son educational advantages.

These Virgil received.

His studies in youth were prosecuted principally at Mantua, Cremona and Milan.

He applied himself very assiduously to study and associated himself with the greatest men of the day.

At Milan he composed a great many verses on a variety of subjects and formed a plan to write an heroic poem on the Wars of Rome, but after some effort, becoming discouraged by the harshness of the old Roman names, he discontinued and instead prepared himself for writing the great work, which was to immortalize his name and put him on a level with the greatest poet the world had ever produced, the Grecian Homer.

Too close application to study in connection with night watching had so debilitated him that it was thought absolutely necessary to remove to the southern part of Italy for his health.

He chose to go to Naples, and, on his way thither, going via Rome, he was introduced to the Emperor Octavius who received him with marks of the greatest esteem.

At #ie famous and fatal battle of Philippi, Cremona and a portion of Mantua were distributed among the legionaries who had fought for Octavius and Antony.

Virgil and his friend and contemporary poet Horace, suffered in the calamity.

But his friends and patrons, Pollio and Maecenas, who were the most accomplished and influential men of the day, made intercession with the Emperor in Virgil's behalf and, through their influence, his confiscated property was restored to him though his petition for the restoration of his countrymen's possessions was denied.

This was a debt of gratitude which Virgil never forgot and, in return, he highly extolled Augustus as a "god-like youth"in his first pastoral, and in the ^Eneid, desiring to reconcile the Romans to submission to the absolute rule of Augustus, he traces the latter's lineage to his great hero.Eneas who was a son of the goddess Venus.

Thus he flattered and overawed the people with the most heroic pedigree reaching back directly to the gOds

Previous to the writing of the ^Eneid,'he had written ten Pastorals and four Georgics which are handed down to us.

The Pastorals are usually written in the form of dialogues between Greek shepherds wherein he mixes a good deal of the "tripping Satyr"and "Sylvan Fawn"nature—an arcadia, of course, "with all the rural deities about him."The Georgics give instructions in agriculture, raising cattle, etc.—rather an unpoetical subject, to be sure, but Virgil has made the best of it and some very poetical lines and expressions can be found in them.

But in the ^Eneid is where we most admire the Roman poet.

It has been called a Roman Iliad and Odyssey combined and so it was doubtless intended to be because Virgil made Homer his model, and while the latter is mentioned for his description of strength, the former is spoken of for his sweet delineation of the beautiful.

We have neither time nor space to follow.Eneas in his sorrows and misfortunes, nor the fate of Dido or Lausus or the unrelenting hate of Juno.

The poem is a grand one and we cannot read it without admiring its glowing sentences.

The following lines describe the death of Pallas:

"Young Pallas, when he saw the chief advance Within due distance of his flying lance,

Prepares to charge him first—resolved to try

If Fortune would his want of force supply;

And thus to heaven and Hercules addressed 'Alcides, once on earth Evander's guest!

His son adjures thee by those holy rites,

That hospitable board, those genial nights;

VIRGIL.

Assist my great attempt to gain this prize,

And let proud Turnus view, with dying eyes,

His ravished spoils.''Twas heard, the vain request;

Alcides mourned, and stifled sighs within his breast.

Then Jove, to soothe his sorrow, thus began:

'Short bounds of life are set to mortal man:

'Tis virtue's work alone to stretch the narrow span.

So many sons of gods, in bloody fight

Around the walls of Troy, have lost the light:

My own Sarpedon fell beneath his foe;

Nor I, his mighty sire, could ward the blow.

E'en Turnus shortly shall resign his breath,

And stands already on the verge of death.'

This said, the god permits the fatal fight,

But from the Latian fields averts his sight.

Now with full force his spear young Pallas threw;

And, having thrown, his shining falchion drew.

The steel just grazed along the shoulder-joint,

And marked it slightly with the glancing point.

Fierce Turnus first to nearer distance drew,

And poised his pointed spear, before he threw:

Then as the winged weapon whizzed along, 'See now, (said he) whose arm is better strung.

The spear kept on the fatal course unstayed By plates of iron, which o'er the shield were laid:

Through folded brass, and tough bull-hides, it passed.

His corselet pierced, and reached his heart at last.

In vain the youth tugs at the broken wood,

The soul comes issuing with the vital blood:

He falls;

his arms upon his body sound;

And with his bloody teeth he bites the ground."

Neither the yEneid nor Homer's great descriptive epics can injure the mind.

On the contrary they tend to cultivate an appreciation of the sublime and the beautiful and should be carefully read by all students of literature.

Of course in reading these and other classics we must use a sound judgment and accept only the true and beautiful, and, giving scope for erratic Pagan or even Christian notions, appropriate only the best.

In person, Virgil is described as being broad shouldered and tall, dark complexioned and of a very delicate constitution.

Although he moved in the highest Roman society he never forgot his old friends.

He retained his rustic appearance and was very bashful.

Nevertheless he was greatly honored by his countrymen.

Biographers never forgot to relate that once, upon entering a theatre, the whole audience arose and saluted him—an honor never before shown only to Augustus himself.

He died a very rich man;

his fortune being estimated at about seventy thousand pounds Sterling, besides which he owned a mansion on the Esquiline Mount, which contained a good library;

also an elegant villa in Sicily.

Both of these, beside a good deal of other property, he^left after his death to the prime minister Maecenas;

the rest was divided between Augustus and his relations.

It is also said that during his life he sent money annually to his aged parents.

Virgil, while on a trip to Greece having arrived at Athens, met the emperor Augustus, on his return from a triumphant eastern expedition, who desired the poet to return with him to Italy.

Virgil, wishing to please his sovereign, did so;

but, having come to Greece with the intention of staying three years to put the last finishing touches to his epic poem, and desiring to see as many of the Grecian antiquities as possible,he went to Megara and was there seized with an illness which proved fatal in the fifty-second year of his age.

He died tranquilly and was buried near Naples.

His last resting place can still be seen.

Of the English translations of Virgil, Mr.

Dryden's is perhaps the best, although some critics insist that the more recent translation „of the yEneid by Mr.

Conington is far superior to any former

English Virgil.

Ruby Lament.

An old gentleman of the name of Gould having married a very young wife, wrote a poetical epistle to a friend to inform him of it, and concluded it thus:

So you see, my dear sir, though I'm eighty years old, A girl of eighteen is in love with old Gould.

To which his friend replied:

A girl of eighteen may love Gould, it is true, But believe me, dear sir, it is Gold without U

BOHEMIANS.

BOHEMIANS I am not at present prepared to explain just how this term came to be applied to the class of individuals usually designated by it, as I have heard different explanations of the matter; but it is a name given to persons who dabble in literature or art, in a random, irregular, unsettled sort of a way, and who confine themselves to no special nor legitimate branch of either; but do "odd jobs"for any price they may be able to obtain.

Your true literary "bohemian,"is nearly always a man of some talent;

varied and extensive information, quick wit and ready pen; is likely to have been a traveler; knows all about living leading men, and can quote from the poets, novelists and philosophers. He is rarely a family man, and, frequently, his ideas of religion and morality are more speculative than practical, and abstract rather than concrete.

He writes letters for the newspapers, articles for the magazines, and sketches for the literary periodicals, and occasionally, perhaps, tries his hand at verses.

For these productions of his brain, he gets the cash.

If he be a "bohemian"in art, he will enlarge a daguerrotype, sketch a landscape, model a bust in plaster, or paint you an indifferent portrait, charge you a price which he expects to reduce onehalf, or more, before he gets it, and when through with one "subject,"will canvass for another.

When a boy, I had read of the bright side and romantic phases of the life of a literary "bohemian,"and was charmed.

How delightful to be a "bohemian;"to travel, write articles and sketches, and, whenever one should be out of pocket-money, to send a production of his brain to some publisher, with a good round price marked on it, and to spend the result with professional nonchalance.

When I grew older, duty called me on a journey to a large eastern city.

There I met Dr. B.

Here was my ideal of a happy man, a representative "bohemian."He was a graduate, of a western medical college, and an exeditor, wrote articles on philosophy for the Phrenological Journal, articles on hygiene, for medical publications, and had written pamphlets on finance, and treatises on* metaphysics.

He gave phrenological dilineations, sometimes lectured on various topics, and was on hand for any kind of literary work.

I envied him, and wanted to be like him.

But, as our acquaintance progressed, I noticed that his wardrobe was seedy, that he lived in a cheap boarding house, and that he was chronically "hard up."He could write articles, but it was a very different matter to get a price for them.

He could "phrenologize"people, but "subjects"were rare.

He could lecture, but could not draw an audience, and his roving habits, prevented any attempt at practicing medicine.

In fear of his landlady, in dread of the tailor, and haunted with the phantom of a washerwoman, whose demands his exchequer could not meet; one side, at least, of his life was the opposite of pleasant or romantic.

My admiration for such a life became somewhat less ardent.

My next experience with "bohemians"was in Washington.

I had been introduced to one of the fraternity, and one day, at the Capitol, met him in company with two others, to whom he introduced me.

One of the latter, a really good newspaper writer, when sober, was too intoxicated to walk straight, but, true to his instinct as a "bohemian"in search of material for a five dollar letter, he proceeded to interview me on the Utah question.

As we were talking, a courtesan passed us, when the other newspaper correspondent to whom I had just been introduced, dropped a remark from which I inferred that he knew too much of her and her kind to be a man of good morals.

I subsequently learned more of this class of scribblers, who throng the corridors and lobbies of the Capitol, and that they will lend their brains and pens to any cause or clique that will furnish them money for dissipation, for they are nearly all given to it.

The next I met was an "artist,"whose

SEED TIME OF YOUTH.

specialty was crayon portraits.

A friend of mine employed him to execute several.

After much vexation and delay, the pictures were delivered by the artist,who was "half tight"when he brought them home, and who boasted of th'e superiority of his work in a manner that would have made Falstaff blush.

On investigation, they proved to be pictures made from a photographic negative by a chemical and mechanical process, touched up with crayon in a manner that required but comparatively little skill, and were vastly different from a really artistic "freehand"crayon portrait, though, as likenesses, they were well enough, and a novice would not detect their inferiority.

This artist proved to be a dishonest, drunken profligate, brazen enough to beg outright for money from his patrons.

Soon after this I became acquainted with a "bohemian"of the other sex.

She was a middle-aged maiden lady, who "wrote for the papers"and contributed to a biographical cyclopaedia.

She had written biographical sketches of many prominent congressmen and politicians of the day, and was, in truth, what the Yankees call "a mighty smart woman."But she lodged in a back room in a retired boarding house, lived economically, and spent her time at literary drudgery, in single loneliness.

Strong-minded, ascetic, cynical, shrewd, and well nigh without opportunity of social enjoyment,

I did not envy her.

I have, at various times, met others of this fraternity, and contact with them has sadly blurred the halo with which my boyish imagination once surrounded them.

I have found them to be, in most instances, without home, creed, or firm moral principle, often immoral, generally impecunious, profligate, ever ready to prostitute their talent for money; members of a class to whom may be traced many of the calumnies and slanders that have so retarded the spread of truth, and injured the Saints.

True, all "bohemians"may not be thus described.

Among their numbers may frequently be found men of principle, as well as of ability, who would scorn to do a dishonorable act, or to lend their brains or pens to a cause their consciences could not espouse.

But the opposite is true in too many instances.

B. F. Cummings, Jr.

SEED-TIME OF YOUTH.

There is no harm in a certain moderate and occasional amount of innocent pleasure.

But a young who has his own way to carve in life, can spare neither the time, the strength, nor the expense of much social pleasure.

In the country, where the style of living is simple, one can get all the gayety he needs without spending much money.

We recommend to every young man who is starting in life the most rigorous economy in expenses;

in clothes, food, and equipment.

Young men usually do not take their measures of economy from what they can actually endure, but from what society around them is accustomed to demand.

By far the greater number of young men have only their hands, their good character, and their mother-wit for capital.

Success will require ingenuity, industry, and rigorous economy.

The practice of these qualities for ten years ought to put a sensible man on a good foundation, on which he can build an enduring prosperity.

But if a young man must have three or four "outings"a year;

if he must join various societies which tax his slender resources severely;

if he must be counted upon for parties, balls, suppers, or drinking bouts;

if he must pay for billiards and prime cigars, he will find uphill work to save enough to make his mid-life and old age comfortable.

Youth may be the time for pleasure, but that is no reason why a man should squander the best part of his life.

Youth is good for pleasure;

but is the very time, too, for learning, for work, for selfdiscipline.

And pleasure itself does not need to be peculiarly expensive.

Do not be ashamed to economize, no matter what the girls think, nor what the boys think.

Build yourself up in intelligence and sound morals.

Resolve that except the most imperative necessities required for health and strength, you will not spend a penny,

HOME.

either for charity or luxury, except out of your income.

Earn your money before you spend it.

The effect of this will be to curb all expensive impulses, and reduce your actions in the spending of money to a conscientious rule.

We believe that sixteen men out of every twenty that begin life poor, remain so to the end of life;

but that every one of these sixteen earns enough, if it be saved, to make^himself independent.

Foolish spending is the father of poverty.

Do not be ashamed of hard work.

Work for the best salaries or wages you can get, but work for half price rather than be idle.

Be your own master, and do not let society or fashion swallow up your individuality—hat, coat, and boots.

Do not eat up and wear out all that you earn.

Compel your selfish body to spare something for profits saved.

Be stingy to your own appetite, but merciful to others'necessities.

Help others, and ask no help for yourself.

See that you are proud.

Let your pride be of the right kind.

Be too proud to be lazy;

too proud to give up without conquering every difficulty;

too proud to wear a coat that you cannot afford to buy;

too proud to be in company that you cannot keep up with its expenses;

too proud to lie, or steal, or cheat;

too proud to adopt any bad habits because others practice them.

HOME.

Thou who wouldst brave the bounding billow,

To view the wonders of the world,

And magnify with blind devotion,

The scenes in froeign climes unfurled

Hast never dreamed of nearer splendors,

Than beautify an alien strand?

Of rarer gifts of glorious nature,

Bequeathed unto thy native land?

Hast never thought, while rapt admiring

The distant starlight overhead,

There may be flowers of beauty blushing,

Neglected 'neath thy careless tread?

Must home's fair visions be misvalued,

Because the stranger's shores are bright?

Are forms of loveliness less lovely,

When grown familiar to the sight?

Ne'er has it been my lot to wander O'er Orient sands or Alpine snows,

Or linger in the vine-clad valleys,

Where Rhine's clear winding water flows;

I ne'er have watched the sun declining Along the classic Grecian hills,

Nor pressed the plains of Palestina,

Nor drank from Sinai's sacred rills.

But I have stood amid the thunders,

When shook the towering granite height,

And trembled where the vivid lightnings

Blazed on the angry brow of night;

I've seen the headlong torrent leaping

From crag to cloven gulf beneath,

And caught the snowslide's whelming terrors

Descending on the wings of death.

Oh!

tell me not that grander tempests,

Reverberate with louder roar, On Jura's cloud-enveloped summits,

Than on the Rocky Mountains hoar;

That fiercer rolls the thundering lauwine,

Than the snowslide's fatal thrall,

And lovelier the Alpine cascade,

Than the Wasatch waterfall.

Say not the shores of limpid Leman,

Their cultured charms unrivaled hold;

Lake Mary lies in yonder mountains,

A wildwood beauty uncontrolled.

Nor praise the skies of soft Italia, Where suns in glory rise and set,

Till thou hast seen them bathe with brightness,

The matchless hills of Deseret.

Sing not of Erin's famed Killarney,

Laud not the wave of Galilee, For I have sailed the buoyant waters

Of Utah's wondrous saline sea;

I've climbed her everduring mountains,

I've rested in her peaceful vales,

I've quaffed her pure and sparkling streamlets, I've breathed her life-imparting gales;

I love the land that gave me being,

Her features e'er shall seem to me,

More beautiful than boasted marvels,

Of all the realms beyond the sea.

O. F.

Whitney.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, October, 1881.

JAMES A. GARFIELD.

The President died at Francklyn cottage, Long Branch, New

Jersey, September 19, at 11.35 P-m - He lingered for eighty days from the time he was shot, July 2.

His life was preserved by the skilful nursing of eminent physicians and competent attendants;

though the nature of the wound, as proved by the autopsy, was fatal.

His heroic struggle for life during all those anxious days, and the brave trust in the future, if life should not be spared, which supported the distinguished patient, won for him the sympathy and admiration of the world.

His death caused the civilized portions of the globe to mourn.

It humbled the nation of which he was president, as the chastisement of "Him who giveth life and taketh it away."The life of General Garfield was a remarkable one.

It abounds in those incidents that develop the noblest traits of human nature.

Faith, obedience, love, patience, perseverance, were living principles with him, shining in all the acts of his life, and making it one of the best examples for youth to emulate, that is found in the annals of illustrious men.

His career is an abiding testimony of the liberality and equality of our Republican institutions and of the power of patience and perseverence in the achievement of worthy aims in life; for it shows how the highest trust and place of consequence in the nation could be deserved, and was gladly bestowed upon a son of the people, that worked his own way from obscurity and poverty, to eminence and power.

James Abram Garfield was born in Orange, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, on the nineteenth day of November, 1831 his father died soon after, leaving his family dependent upon their widowed mother for education and support.

This mother was a heroic woman, who instilled principles of independence and industry in the minds of her children, and lived to see their fruition in the merited fame of her son, whom she survives, though eighty years of age.

In boyhood, Garfield worked to help support the family, occupation which satisfies the energies of most boys.

Not so with him; while doing his share in this respect, he longed to do more for his own ambition.

From the beginning, he wanted to be a scholar, and this desire stimulated him to success.

He left the farm and took the tow path, because canal men received money for their labor, and he required money to go to college.

He entered Williams'College, Massachusetts, in 1854, and graduated two years after.

He returned to Ohio, and engaged in teaching, soon taking the presidency of the college of Hiram, Portage County.

His success in this calling, and the local esteem in which he was held, soon secured him the suffrages r of the people of his county, who sent him to the State

Senate when he was twenty-eight years of age.

He worked his way in the political world as he had in the private walks of life.

He was a Republican, but not condescending to take the mean course to defeat opponents and gain a party advantage, usually characteristic of most partizans, he was not considered the most zealous party leader.

It was said of him, that his political sentiments were defined by the Republican party, but his patriotism, when it came to acts, forgot party lines.

Thus, while his party would have him committed to a certain policy, if, when the time came to act, some other appeared better, he was apt to be found compromising party for principle.

It therefore became a somewhat noted observation, that Garfield was a more stalwart party man, on paper than in fact.

Hon.

George O.

Cannon, in his ad-

EDITORIAL.

mirable tribute, paid to the President's memory, at the memorial services, held in the Tabernacle, September 26th, intimates that this characteristic would have greatly modified his seeming unfriendliness to our people—as indicated in his inaugural address—if he had lived to attempt carrying out measures against us.

In regard to his attitude toward us, it is a well known fact, that in all the efforts of zealots in and out of Congress to crush us, Garfield was opposed to them.

His acts of courtesy and service to our Delegate, won from the latter a deep feeling of regard and confidence. When

General Garfield visited Utah in 1877, he made many friends by his gentlemanly deportment and apparent freedom from the common prejudice, which most visitors from abroad come laden with.

This may, however, be accounted for.

He was reared in the neighborhood where the Church had its origin, and was familiar with its doctrines and with many families connected with our people.

This knowledge, of course, dispelled the prejudice that would otherwise have most probably warped his judgment, as it is ignorance of our faith and practices that lies at the root of the general opposition to us.

Besides this, he was a member of a small and unpopular church, the Campbellite, many of the doctrines of which are similar to ours.

General Garfield was elected to Congress in 1863, and served nine terms. He was chosen in 1880 to fill the senatorial seat made vacant by the death of Senator

Thurman, but before Congress met, at which he would have entered upon this office, he was nominated at Chicago, as Republican candidate for President of the United States.

He was elected by a large majority over General Hancock, the Democratic candidate.

In assuming this high office, and performing the duties thereof, with his customary independence, he gave offense to certain Senators, particularly Roscoe Conkling, of New York.

The difference between them caused a split in the Republican party, and created great excitement throughout the land.

It finally culminated in the resignation of the New York Senators, who were deservedly rebuked for their opposition to the administration, by their State refusing to re-elect them.

The assassin of the President claims that this division of the party afforded him grounds for his murderous act.

He could see no union of the divided factions while Garfield lived, and the insane wretch, consequently resolved to take his life.

On the resignation of the Senators, the Cabinet members who had previously entertained varied and different views on the subject, became united, and on the morning of the assassination the President was congratulating himself and the Cabinet on the harmonious arrangement of all differences and the prospects for a peaceful and prosperous administration.

But the inscrutable providences of a Higher Power decreed otherwise for Mr.

Garfield.

He is dead.

The Vice President, Mr.

Chester A.

Arthur, is President;

and the former Cabinet may be supplanted by a new one any day.

The funeral of the President was a very solemn and imposing one.

The body was taken to Washington and laid in state one day at the Capitol.

It was then conveyed to Cleveland, Ohio, where on Monday, September 26, the last services of respect were paid.

Tens of thousands of people from all over the Union were present.

The procession and burial services were of the grandest description suitable to such an occasion.

The body was interred in Lakeview Cemetery, and will be surmounted by a monument that the subscriptions of the whole people will erect to the memory of the great statesman, whose sorrowful doom, filled their hearts with sadness, but whose cherished memory will remain a lively incentive to vigorous and patriotic action for generations to come.

WILLIAM C. STAINES.

Among the noble men that the Reaper of Life's harvest has gathered home this season, one of the noblest was Elder William C. Staines.

He died Wednesday evening, August 3, at his residence in the Twentieth Ward of this city.

His

ABOUT OUR ASSOCIATIONS.

funeral services were conducted by the

Stake presidency in the Assembly Hall Friday afternoon, August 5, when President Joseph F. Smith preached a powerful sermon on the Resurrection and Restoration, through the atonement of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, a single passage of which is as follows:

"To the mind that is illumined by the Spirit of Truth, there is no doubt as to the existence of man in time and in eternity.

There is no doubt that Brother Staines will be raised from the dead, and that you and I and every son and daughter of Adam will be raised from the dead.

God has declared it; angels have declared it;

prophets have written it;

it is recorded in the Bible, in the Book of Mormon, in the Doctrine and Covenants;

it is inscribed upon the hearts of those that have received the Spirit of God.

Every soul that has a being in this world will come forth in the resurrection from the dead to live again."Wm. C. Staines was born at Higham Ferries, Northamptonshire, England, September 23, 1818.

He received the Gospel at the age of twenty-four, and lived a true and faithful member of the Church until his death.

He performed a mission, full of exciting interest, to the Ponca Indians, in 1846, and spent about three years as a missionary in the London Conference, England.

In 1863-4-5 he assisted in forwarding the emigrating

Saints from New York, and since the latter year, until his release last summer,he occupied the responsible position of Church Emigration Agent, which he filled with ability and honor.

In that capacity he forwarded over fifty thousand persons from New York to Utah Territory.

Brother Staines was not only a useful man, but he was one of the most companionable and friendly that ever lived.

With all classes of men he had the wonderful power to make his influence for good felt.

With young men he ever seemed young himself, his cheerfulness driving away all restraint from those he approached, and winning their confidence and trust.

The noble qualities of his head and heart made him the Valued friend of hosts of people, old and young, of all shades of opinion, at home and abroad.

He gained a name and fame among them that will be enshrined in their memories forever.

ABOUT OUR ASSOCIATIONS.

I don't know that my opinion on the subject is of any value but at least I have a right to express one and if you don't choose to listen, why don't.

My dear James Thomas, and Sarah Mary, don't you know that everything occurs upon natural principles?

You may fish all day up a dry creek and go on your knees and pray ever so frequently and ever so well, for "a bite,"but return home in the evening in the same condition you left, minus your temper mayhap.

I heard an excellent man say that if he was rewarded according to his desires, his reward would be great; he laid on his lounge one Sunday and his desire was to go to meeting, but—he didn't go, and he "rather guessed he would receive his deserts and not his desires."We may have ever such a desire and pray ever so earnestly for our

Associations to be better attended.

But if we don't make a cause we shall not find the effect.

My dear friend you were not made President of the Y.

M.

M.

I. A. in your little town because you were thought to possess all the virtue and intelligence needful for the position;

on the contrary, you are expected to occupy yourself in increasing your limited knowledge; and while you humbly seek God in prayer, let your labors show how anxious you are to magnify your position.

You may not have the least idea of human nature—then set to work to study it.

You can't catch flies with salt, but sprinkle in sugar and behold they are abundant.

Ask God to give you wisdom and then use it; and for pity's sake don't mistake self-conceit

'ABOUT OUR ASSOCIATIONS.

for wisdom.

The grand secret of making your meetings a success is to make them interesting.

How?

We'll see presently.

There is an element in the human mind that urges man to display, or as it is vulgarly called "show off."This is essentially true of the young and ignorant.

It maybe overlaid with other qualities, but there it is, you may depend.

Closely allied to this trait is another, the love of power.

You must remember you have not a society of cultivated, young ladies and gentlemen; but a set of honest but oftentimes rough, truehearted but giddy boys and girls.

Now we have reached our starting point.

You must begin at the beginning, which is God.

Go before Him with an earnest, childlike desire, and especially ask for ability to create an interest in your meeting, and entreat the presence of his holy spirit to comfort and direct you.

After this is done, array yourself in something clean and tidy.

Above all things never be careless; there is a wonderful sense of power in the knowledge of being irreproachable in your appearance.

Avoid extremes, of course.

Now you must have carefully prepared yourself beforehand for the duties and exercises of the day.

Never call on any one that you think will not comply.

Cultivate a pleasant, sociable manner, avoiding levity and familiarity.

Your position makes you the leader of your little flock;

take heed that your example is worthy of imitation.

Now, you can proceed with your programme.

It might contain some history, music, literary readings and a religious exercise;

and after this the members should be gradually induced to bear their testimonies, or better, speak upon some principle of the Gospel.

About the Bible or Book of Mormon exercise—I find it almost universally the case that a simple reading of a few verses is called an exercise.

I have never conversed with the proper authorities, but it seems to me that the word exercise implies more than that.

The verse should be read, then commented on, points brought out sharply, references explained, etc., etc.

In short, a very brief sermon should be preached from the text read from the book.

But to go on with our meeting.

You can awaken and develop an interest in true religion, (which embraces all art and science) by simple means if you will not lose patience.

The start contains the difficulty.

It should be your duty to create in some way a niche for each member of your society to fill.

Let each one feel that one very noticeable link in your chain is sadly missed when he or she is absent.

Prepare yourself with some one of the exercises; and perform your part very carefully, and in the very best manner you possibly can.

You will thus insensibly create a spirit of emulation, which is very essential.

Be full of interest in everything that goes on.

Let each performer or speaker see through your eyes and manner that you are deeply interested.

A word of kindly help to the timid, a look of thanks to the singer, a little praise to one who has done well, is all pleasing and will be useful aids to you.

If you say anything at the close of the meeting refer to what has been done separately in a gentle way;

reproving, encouraging, and suggesting with a mild pleasant manner.

During your labors you should study up, (if not already conversant with) a few main points of etiquette.

Tell y,our friends that the truest saint is the finest lady or gentleman.

Our boys will succeed much better on their missions if they have paid some attention to the Graces.

Avoid monotony.

Variety is the spice of life!

Never drone over anything or allow any one else to.

Be full of life and pleased expectancy, or appear to be.

Cultivate a feeling of interest among your young associates.

Allude to your pleasant times, say how pleased you were, with this one's recitation, that one's essay, last week; remark about their talent, etc.

Let your thought dwell constantly on themes of profit and advancement, thereby storing up your mind with rich ideas to bring forth when needed.

When you speak, never talk platitudes.

If you have endeavored to implant good thoughts on your mind God will aid you to

3° VON MOLTKE.

present them pleasingly and well.

Be humble, and remember without God's spirit you can never edify Latter-day Saints.

But different vessels may all contain a portion of the same liquid, and how much more desirable is the large glass vase adorned with beauty, than the ugly pewter mug.

Try and make use of the wilder spirts for they often prove to be made of the best material.

Be faithful, and if the responsibility seems great, go to God.

He is your guide, helper, and friend.

But while he holds the tools with which to polish us into everlasting beauty, it is we who must perform the labor.

Homespun.

VON MOLTKE.

Never was a nation more fortunate in its leaders than was Prussia when she aimed to achieve German unity.

It is often the case, that when some great crisis comes upon a country, men able to deal with it rise and become the guides of the people.

This was never more true than it was of Prussia when, eleven years ago, she entered upon the war with

France, which was to decide, not only her own destiny, but that of the whole

German people.

Three Prussians towered, at that time, far. above the rest—William, the wise and energetic king; Bismarck, the resolute and far-seeing statesman; and Von

Moltke, the skilful and consummate soldier.

It was the united action of these three, as much as the valor of the Prussian army, which not only won the victory, but gathered and garnered its fruit.

All three of these men are still living, and still active, each in his own sphere.

The hale old king, now Emperor, shows, at the age of eighty-six, little lessening of his sturdy powers.

Bismarck, at sixty-five, still sways with his strong and stubborn will the affairs of the youthful Empire.

Von Moltke, at eighty-one, remains the foremost military figure of Germany.

Von Moltke is a very interesting personage.

From his earliest youth he has followed the profession of arms.

He has always been every inch a soldier.

In the course of years, he became an absolute master of his art.

He had military science at his fingers'ends.

In every emergency he knew just what to do.

To be sure, he has not been one of those brilliant and dashing military chiefs, who by their daring exploits and sudden triumphs become heroes in the eyes of men.

He has been a careful, studious, deliberate commander, losing sight of nothing, ready for every exigency, looking well ahead, and closely calculating upon every possibility of events.

Yet the sturdy old soldier is by no means a dull man outside of his quarters or the barracks.

In a quiet way, he enjoys life in many of its phases.

He has always been a great reader on a wide variety of subjects.

He is known as one of the most delightful letter-writers in Germany.

He is fond, too, of poetry, and reads history and fiction with much delight.

There is a Roman simplicity about Von Moltke's daily life.

He lives in a building which serves as the headquarters of the general staff of the army in Berlin.

Promptly at seven o'clock every morning, summer and winter, he enters his study, a plain room, with a table in the centre, covered with maps, papers and books.

There he takes his coffee, at the same time smoking a cigar.

He proceeds at once to work, and keeps at it till nine, when his mail is brought to him.

At eleven he takes a plain breakfast, after which he again works steadily till two, when he holds a reception of officers.

The afternoon is devoted to work.

After dinner, for the first time, this man of eighty-one enjoys some rest and recreation, until eleven, at which hour he retires.

In personal appearance, Von Moltke is tall, thin, and slightly stooping.

On horseback, however, he straightens up, and bears himself as erect as a man of thirty.

His close-shaven face is much wrinkled, and his profile somewhat reminds one of that of Julius Caesar.

He never appears in any other than a military dress, and is often seen walking alone in the Thiergarten at Berlin, his

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

3i hands clasped behind him and his head bent forward, after the manner of the great Napoleon.

Von Moltke married, some years ago, an English girl many years younger than himself.

She died suddenly in 1868; and this event cast a shadow over all his later life.

He has always since worn a sad and thoughtful face.

He often visits his wife's grave in the country; and on the mausoleum which he erected to her memory, he has caused to be engraved the sentence, "Love is the fulfilling of the law."Youth's Companion.

AN ODD VERDICT.

An amusing illustration of the fact that a mean, miserly man is apt to be a sharp, hard customer is given in Chambers'Journal:

A physician being summoned to attend a miser's wife in her last illness, declined to continue his visits unless he had some legal guarantee for payment, as he knew by experience the slippery character of the husband where pecuniary obligations were concerned.

The miser thereupon drew up a document, formally promising, after haggling over the amount, that he would pay to Dr. So-and-so the sum of £, "if he cures my wife.""Stop!"said the doctor.

"I cannot undertake to do that.

I will treat her to the best of my ability;

but she is very ill, and I fear she will not recover."So the sentence was altered to, "For attendance upon my wife, kill or cure,"the paper signed and delivered over to the physician.

His skill was unavailing, and the patient died;

but when the bill came in the widower quietly repudiated the debt in toto.

In vain was it represented to him that the doctor held his legal acknowledgment;

so the latter sued him for the amount, in perfect confidence of gaining the day.

The miser did not dispute the circumstances in court, but requested to see the document, which he then read aloud with great deliberation.

"And did you cure my wife sir?"he asked, glancing over his spectacles at the defendant.

"No, that Was impossible.""Did you kill her?"Verdict for defendent.

Doctor sold.

The shame that arises from praise undeserved, often makes us do things we would never otherwise have attempted.

I slept, and dreamed that life was beauty;

I woke, and found that life was duty.

Was my dream, then, a shadowy lie?

Toil on, sad heart, courageously,

And thou shalt find thy dream shall be

A noonday light and truth to thee.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

SEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations held their semi-annual Conference in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Saturday evening,

October 8, at 7 p. m.

The exercises were conducted by General Superintendent Wilford Woodruff.

The First Presidency, several of the Apostles, officers of Y. M. & Y. L. M.

I. A. and others were on the stand.

After singing and prayer by Apostle John H.

Smith, Elder Junius F. Wells spoke upon the condition of the Associations and the work they have to do in educating and reforming the young people, urging the officers to commence early the present season and so systematize their exercises as to be able to report progress in the spring.

He was followed by Sister Elmina S.

Taylor, Superintendent of the Young Ladies Associations, who made a few very interesting remarks relative to the organization she represents.

President John Taylor expressed his pleasure at being present, and in a few words commended the Associations forwhat they were doing, encouraged all connected with them to continue their

ASSOCIA HON INTELLIGENCE.

efforts, and blessed the officers and members.

Superintendent Woodruff also felt glad to witness the spectacle of thousands of the youth of Zion growing up in the fear of the Lord, and preparing themselves for the great future before them.

He narrated incidents of his own childhood indicating the great desire he always had to live in a gospel dispensation, to listen to prophets, apostles etc.

He expressed his faith that there were those reserved among the youth of Israel, who would bear off the kingdom in the day of its power and glory.

President George Q. Cannon occupied a few moments in which he paid a tribute to the good work being done by the

Associations, and earnestly besought the young people of Zion to set their aim in life high, and work in humility and perseverence for its realization.

President Joseph F. Smith hoped the time would soon come when we might have more time at these semi-annual meetings and better opportunities to hear reports from the various officers of the Associations. He stated that we seemed to accomplish little of interest to the organization in such a meeting as this.

We ought to hear reports from the county officers and attend to the business of the Associations at these conferences, but we are prevented from doing so by the shortness of the time at our disposal.

He presented the General Officers who were unanimously sustained as at the last conference.

Benediction by Apostle F. M. Lyman.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

[This department is open to all Associations and members, for asking any question pertinent to the work of mutual improvement, and officers are requested to forward interesting questions briefly answered, which may have been propounded in their Associations.

The following have already been sent in.]

We are informed, in the Pearl of Great

Price, that when Enoch was translated,

Methuselah, who lived at the same time, was not taken;

the question is, were Cainan, Mahalaleel, Tared and Lamech, who were also contemporaneous with Enoch, translated with him?

J. J. C.

No; see time of Enoch's translation and date when each of them died, Doctrine and Covenants, p.

18, par. 41.

Had there been any other persons baptized beside the six who were present at the organization of the Church?

W.

It is authoritatively stated that there had been about thirty persons baptized previous to that time.

Is there a book in the Bible in which the name of Deity is not mentioned?

J. M.

The beautiful book of Esther contains no allusion to Deity.

Are there two chapters in; the Bible that are precisely alike?

J. M.

The nineteenth of Kings and the thirty-seventh of Isaiah are in the main alike, though there is a slight difference.

They are often referred to as being identical.

If President Arthur should die, there being no vice-president, who would become President of the United States?

R.

C.

Senator David Davis, of Illinois, who was elected President pro te?n.

of the Senate to prevent confusion should such a contingency occur.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

How many presiding Bishops were there before Bishop Hunter, and what were their names?

U. P. R.

Is the hill Cumorah called by any other name in the Book of Mormon?

Please give the references.

Can you tell us something about John

Wesley?

Roy.

How do you reconcile the following statements in the Compendium?

"April 6, 1830, Elders were ordained;

hands were laid on for the gift of the Holy Ghost.""June 6, 1830, the Melchizedek Priesthood was first given?"Of course if Elders were ordained April 6 the Melchizedek Priesthood must have been given before.

Please explain when and where it was restored to men on the

Earth.

D. L. H.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

W Violins, Accordeons, Ifoitars, flutes, Banjos, Brass Instruments, Drums, H pH And all kinds of T"/*\ Musical Instruments, Muxlr, Music Iloohs, Strings and

Fittings, v J \il AND Yf\ MTMM¥FMi^& MM TME MmiCAL MmM9 \jl Best and Cheapest at CARELESS'POPULAR MUSIC HOUSE, 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

SE3STX5 FOR CA-T-A-XjOOTJIES.

Q AIL ECUS AT v> on «.

. c c © c «-> C © (J) (A.

>- W ^ 5 7:

0) O « (ft-- « U. _ 2 o Sft. oo ffl oo If) <3 Ilowesi rua P o o M OPPOSITE Z.

C. M.

I., L D. and A.

RETAIL DEALERS IN BOOTS AND SHOES, LADIES'and GENTS'FANCY GOODS, A SPECIALTY.

ORDERS BY MAIL WILL RECEIVE CAREFUL ATTENTION.

L.

D. and A. YOUNG, OPPOSITE Z.

C M.

I.

AIN~WAGONS.

A full stock of theseCelebraled Wagons alwaj's on hand; they are the favorite and leading wagons in Utah.

1 keep a full stock of the Celebrated Oliver Chilled Plows. Cassaday Sulky and

Moline IPlows, also a full line of Hardware and Wagon Material, the most complete selection to be found in the market.

All kinds of Call on or address HOWARD SEBREE, Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agricullural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Serapeis, Victor Cane

Mills,.lames I,effel's Turbine Wheels, Kconomy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, ypring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barh Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celehrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 121G South Temple Street.

MORRIS & EVANS, GRAVE AND MONUMENTAL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRAOTOSS;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER'.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, G7 and 69 Main Street.

1st South St., No.

r.2 2nd South St, WHITE & SONS, Proprietors.

Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IN"SEASON".

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOaiTA, And all kinds of DRIED IL^E-A^TS.

All orders entrusted to our care prompt!}'delivered.

In their New 3 Story Eniding P. AUERB A OH & BRO., 124 and 126 East Temple Street.

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND HOUSE FURNISHING DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CLOAK AND SHAWJL DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and Knit Goods of every description.

CEOTHING AND GENERAL FURNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERY AND FiNCY GOODS DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Domestic Hosiery, Laces, Fringes,

Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs.

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOEESAEE BUYERS, Will find our Stock Larger than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINERY in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from this and adjoining Territories and States Solicited, and honorably treatment Guaranteed.

E\ -A/CTIERIB^aiKC Sz BROTHER, ESTABLISHED 1864.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

P P. J*ARDY.

p> ^_ ^ARDY HARDY BROTHERS, SUCCESSORS TO A. ID.

-STOXJ3STG, DEALERS IN Staple and Fancy Wss P Dry kk ui Notions.

26 ^ 2S ^^Ca-in Street, Opposite Z. C. 2v£. I.

M£@m'm Board!

&£ Tnule, M@gmm, AGENTS FOE THE CELEBRATED Studebaker Farm and Spring Wagons, Buckeye Mowers and

Beapers Furst $ Bradley South Bend Chilled Plows

Marrows, Sulky Plows and Bakes,

Etc.

HARDWOOD, BOLTS, IRON, STEEL, CHAINS, & ALL

ENDS OF FARM FIXTURES, We kindly invite our friends to call and examine our stock before purchasing elsewhere.

FRED.

TURNER, Superintendent.

W. H. Yearian.

c l> hannaman.

w. m. TEAMIAM # mSf MEN'S FUENISHING GOODS -ANDFINE HATS, SHIRTS, COLLARS AND CUFFS,

To Order and Ready Made.

UNDERWEAR & HOSIERY, NECKWEAR, SILK & LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, ETC.,

Large Assortment, Latest Styles, at Popular Prices.

W. H. YEARIAN & Co., 122 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

EAQLE HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, ^ 1 General Merchandise

BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

S.

E. TEASDEL, P * °- B0X '852 'East Temple Street.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

WE INVITE ATTENTION TO OUR IMMENSE STOCK OF ^jktid HOUSEHOLD GOODS, JUST RECEIVED FOR THE FALL TRADE, EMBRACING N, YOVttS;iDstry Is, Three Pk fail, Etc.

OUR PRICES ARE ALWAYS THE LOWEST

WALKER BROTHERS, SALT LAKE CITY.

PROSPECTUS OF

THE CONTRIBUTOR, REPRESENTING THE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN OF UTAH.

VOLUME THREE.

The Third Volume of the Contributor will commence with the October, 1 88 1, number.

Each number will contain Thirty-two pages of choice reading matter.

The volume will make a fine library book of nearly Four Hundred"Pages.

The success attending the first and second years of this Magazine justifies the prediction that the new volume will not be excelled by any home publication.

The following are a few leading features that will characterize Volume Three:

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH.

These will appear in each number, being carefully selected from the discourses and compositions delivered during the last four years of the Prophet's

Life.

They are upon a variety of important doctrinal subjects, and are full of light and truth, communicated in the most thrilling sentences, which distinguished the delivery of their inspired author.

Every Latter-day Saint should be familiar with the sayings of the Prophet.

In connection with the Sermons will be published short Biographical Sketches of Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

Illustrated with TWO MAGNIFICENT STEEL PLATE ENGRAVINGS.

These engravings are said by the most competent judges to be the finest and most accurate portraits of the Prophet and Patriarch ever published. They are full page pictures, printed in the most artistic manner, and are alone worth half the price of subscription charged for the Magazine.

The volume will contain Historical Sketches of the Buchanan Campaign of 1857, being an account of the causes and notable incidents of the Echo Canon War, taken from original documents.

There is no epoch of the history of Utah more romantic and interesting than the period treated upon in this series.

Historical, Biographical, Scientific, Literary and Miscellaneous matter, from the pens of Utah's young people and other writers, will add to the value of the new volume.

The Department devoted to Association Intelligence will be much improved, containing, besides minutes of important meetings, Queries and Answers, Brief Correspondence, Model Programmes, etc.

All the members of Associations are requested to employ this depa'tment in asking any proper questions that they may desire.

Officers of Associations are urgently solicited to take an active interest in the Magazine, writing and procuring suitable matter for its columns,?.jd doing all in their power to extend its circulation among the people.

Presidents of the Y. M. M.

I. A. will please act as agents.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION, INVARIABLY IN ADVANCE:

One Year—including Engravings, ------

Two Dollars.

Six Months, One Dollar and a Half.

Steel Engravings of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, India mounted on cards, 9x12 inches, for framing, One Dollar and a Half per pair.

Agents getting up clubs of Fifteen Annual Subscribers will receive an extra copy and a pair of Engravings for framing, free.

Associations getting up clubs of Ten will receive an extra copy free.

Volumes One and Two, handsomely bound.

For sale at the Office.

Price $2.50.

Address:

Junius F. Wells, Editor and Publisher, P. O. Box 305.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Office, first door north of Z.

C. M.

I.

Remittances should be made by P.

0.

Money Order or Registered Letter.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

JE S HAVE RECEIVED FOR THE Fall and Winter Trade §n inmnm && OF m m, m mi, u, etc., COOKING STOVES, BISMARK RANGES, HEATING STOVES, STAPLE AID FANCY GROCERIES.

A COMPLETE STOCK OF » III1EM. UBCEAKH At the liowest Harket Prices.

t "v ";.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.