The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

II.

MARCH, 1881.

No.

6.

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

Retaining our position on the east tower of the great cathedral we continue our observations.

Leading in a westerly direction from the southwest corner of the Alameda, mentioned in number four, is an unusually broad street, terminating at the outskirts of the city, where commences the Paseo, leading to the castle and grounds of Chapultepec.

The Paseo is the drive much used by the aristocracy of the capital.

It was greatly improved, indeed'almost entirely re-arranged by the Princess Charlotte, during the brief supremacy of the Empire, under Maximilian.

From where it turns, slightly toward the west from the street named, to Chapultepec, is a distance in a straight line of about one and a half miles.

The width, including a sidewalk on either side, is probably ten rods. The drive is well graded, rising to a rounded elevation in the centre, while the walks are smooth, and tolerably well shaded by a variety of trees, planted along the inner and outer edges of the same.

Some of these are of good size, and probably of fifteen or twenty years growth, while others, mostly eupalyptics, tall, slim, bark-shedding trees, with long, narrow leaves, are of more recent planting, and at a distance much resemble •our Lombardy poplars.

They are, however, in this climate, evergreens. The ash and cottonwood now, January 1st, have foliage about half grown, fresh, green and beautiful.

They, with other similar varieties, attain full leaf during February.

It would be difficult for a person from the north, accustomed to the sharp change of the seasons, to tell in this country by the indications of vegetation, when the winter ceases or spring begins.

Between the horse - railway lines, which are located on either side of the Paseo, and the sidewalks, are deep, narrow, sluggish canals, from which Indians, following the primitive customs of the country, draw water with buckets having ropes attached for hoisting purposes.

Thus the necessary water for sprinkling the carriage way is secured.

At this end of the left hand walk, at a point wh'ere it is intercepted by a broad, dusty, unkept road, leading south, are placed, as posts in the ground, several large sandstone columns, evidently of Aztec workmanship.

They are six feet in length by eighteen inches in diameter, and in appearance are exactly like four huge cable ropes bound together; each terminating at the top, however, with the form of a rudely cut, ill shaped, unhandsome male or female face.

The mouth of one, with protruding tongue, we found to be, by actual measurement, just nine inches wide, while the extended, unruly member was half that wide.

Another, representing the face of an aged man, is made hideous by the large eyes and grinning teeth.

The features of those representing the softer sex, are but little more attractive.

We noticed a number of these singular looking columns lying around unset, as though of no use whatever, and we thought that even one of them would add much to the already excellent collection of our home museum, and would likewise afford real pleasure to the venerable curator of that growing

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

institution.

Immediately to the right of these, and at the junction of three streets with the Paseo, and in the middle of the latter, stands an equestrian statue of Charles the Fourth, of Spain, in bronze.

It was cast in Mexico, A. D. 1802, and weighing forty-five thousand pounds is huge and awkward, unchaste in design and rough in execution.

The horse is ill shaped, having a clumsy, ungraceful and unnatural attitude, while the rider, with flowing hair, wreath-bound brow, Roman nose, protruding chin, depressed mouth and high cheek bones as features, and ponderous shoulders and lower trunk wrapt in a flowing cloak, not unlike a blanket, reaching only to the bare lower limbs, and sandal clad feet—looks more like an Indian warrior equipped with a scroll in the right hand, and a stirrupless saddle for a seat, than a Spanish monarch of the waning years of the seventeenth century.

If the statue does the original justice, we can but admit the decline of

Spain, in noting in contrast the remarkable manly beauty and intellectual power of her great adventurer Cortez, whose stage of action was the battle fields of Mexico, three hundred and sixty years ago.

As represented by an oil painting now in the National Museum of the Republic, executed in 1525, Hornando Cortez was much more than ordinarily fine looking, both as to form and feature.

The expression, though softened by the abundant auburn hair and large blue eyes, indicates, nevertheless, strong resolution, backed, by indomitable courage.

History, while casting around his acts the gloomy lines which ever darken the memory of the religious fanatic, gives him credit for both.

At the distance of a quarter of a mile from the statue above mentioned, the Paseo curves to the right and left, forming a complete circle, in the centre of which, surrounded with a neatly kept lawn, enclosed with round stone posts firmly placed in the ground, and from which is suspended a large cable chain, stands a rather imposing red sand cutstone monument, erected by order of the ex-president Porfirio Diaz.

The base of the monument is probably twelve feet square, and rising about the same height is graced upon each of the four corners with a very finely executed life size statue in bronze.

Two of these represent eminent historic characters, the first being that of the friar and historian Las

Casas, and the other Marchena, the friend and companion of Columbus.

Of the illustrious lives of the remaining two I may possibly learn something after leaving Mexico.

I fear I shall not while remaining here, for, judging from past experience, resulting in repeated failures when seeking information, we would conclude that it is not in good taste, at least not fashionable for people here to know in whose honor monuments are erected, or whom paintings or statuary are made to represent.

Questions propounded regarding such matters nearly always meet the same reply, quien sabe (don't know).

The upper column of the monument is perhaps six feet high, and as many in width, being also square.

Upon the top of this is an exceedingly fine life size bronze figure of

Columbus.

At his left foot, partially wrapped in the folds of drapery held in the left hand, is shown a large globe. The right hand is extended eastward, while the earnest, half melancholy gaze is in the same direction, giving the impression that the great navigator, having found what was thought to be the "new world,"became "home sick"and desirous to return at once to the old.

On the north side of the lower base is an artistic scene, likewise in bronze, of a tropical forest, amidst the thick foliage of which, nude Indian forms of men and women are seen, some of them falling over the prone timber,while others are being carried away, as all seek to flee panic-stricken, from the ships of the white man, just seen through an opening in the trees, as they sail upon the calm ocean beyond.

There is something ominous in the exhibition of such abject fear in the midst of such peaceful surroundings;

the realization of which is represented by the scene depicted on the south side of the monument, where the L half tamed, half clad, sorrowful sons of

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

16th e forest, in slavery to the inexorable Christian, are building a huge cathedral, and learning, against their will, the arts of civilization, and a worship that crushed conscience and gave no choice.

On either side of the Paseo, and about one hundred feet apart, are erected substantial ornamental stone piers, between which are massive seats of the same material, more durable than comfortable.

In Mexico, as in France, Sunday, after the celebration of the morning Mesa, (mass), is devoted to pleasure; and on that day, therefore, the drive and walks of the Paseo are crowded with gay equipages and flashy "beaux"and "belles."For Mexico, like other countries, has a supply of brainless fops and inartistically painted girls; a class who seem seldom to emigrate or die early.

We have at home a few of that kind, known as the "paper collar brigade,"who ply their trade mostly on foot, thereby more conveniently arranging themselves in line, when meetings are dismissed, so they can gaze sober, sensible and modest people out of all countenance.

The foot brigade of the same class here are not much different from those at home;

perhaps more numerous and somewhat bolder, for after staring a lady out of all countenance, it is no unusual thing to see crowds turn round and gaze at the retreating form as long as it can be seen.

Now, a few lines in memory of the Mexican equestrian man of style, who probably has no equal, in his peculiar line of gaudy show, unless, indeed, it be the knight of the sawdust arena.

His horse, unless imported, is small, wiry, active, and wears a bridle which glitters with gold and silver mountings, both inlaid and embroidered, even sometimes jeweled, costing the owner or his creditors—more frequently the latter—from two hundred and fifty to seven hundred and fifty dollars.

The saddle must in every way correspond;

being, as to the leather portions, a perfect maze of rich embroidery work, while the solid portions of the tree are bound with the precious metals.

At the bow is suspended, in magnificently wrought holsters, a pair of navy, silver-plated Remington or Colt pistols; while behind, the saddle is fastened, by means of gold or silver cords attached for the purpose, the brilliant, fancy striped everlasting "sarapa,"the long fringe of which dangles within a few inches of the ground.

Beneath the sarapa, the flowing, rear saddle-skirts, of black bear or spotted tiger skin, extend an equal length.

The rider—how shall we describe him?

A frame of vanity unsurpassed!

If he could be bought at actual value and sold for what he thinks he is worth, what a splendid profit would be realized by the transaction

The dividends on "watered stock"would be nowhere.

Just see the attitude of manly grace assumed by the knight of the silver spurs, as his handsome face brightens under the changing lights as flashed from the bright gold laces, covering, above and below, the broad rim of his hundred dollar sombrero.

Note the closely fitting short coat, cut well back to show, from under the low cut vest, the jeweled shirt front.

See how the pantaloons, fitting like the costume of a circus rider, sets off the form, manly or otherwise.

Adown each lower limb, from the waistband, are affixed a double row of brightly polished reales or silver buttons, inter.

laced between with a chain of the same material.

Around the waist, suspended from a broad belt, or a sash, is a sabre on one side and a pistol or dagger on the other.

The steed, under pressure of the whip and spur, prances, snorts, foams, and fairly trembles, as with dignified, self-poised rider, he wheels into the line of the brigade to which he belongs—fifty of such is a small turn out—and receives the admiring glances of not less gayly attired ladies as they glide along in their fine carriages.

And this is fashion at the capital of Mexico, called by some writers the Venice of America.

For quiet repose and peaceful meditation, the cypress groves of Chapultepec afford perhaps the most attractive features of any spot near the xity.

The castle, located on the abrupt rocky hill is quite massive and imposing.

It has recently undergone many improvements of a desirable character, which add much to

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

the beauty of the place.

Here is the National Observatory, a position well chosen, healthy and beautiful, while affording the most attractive view of the surrounding country.

Between it and the end of the Paseo, leading to the capital, stands a monument of gray sandstone recently erected to the memory of the national cadets, who, refusing to retreat, fell in battle September 12, 1847, when our countrymen, under General Scott, gained the victory which led to the surrender of the capital a few days later.

There are in the park probably not less than a thousand fine cypress trees, whose planting by the Toltecs (Nephites) antedates, perhaps many centuries, the rise of the Aztec empire.

Some of these are nearly fifty feet in circumference, and from one hundred to one hundred and twenty-five feet in height, with huge limbs extending all around to a great distance, and being always clad with dry, bronzed, and fresh green leaves, mingling with drooping silvery mosses, form the most enchanting bowers imaginable.

The arrangement of these trees is in groves and double rows, sometimes crossing at right angles and affording splendidly shaded narrow avenues.

An exceedingly fine spring of pure water gushes from the rocks of the south side of the hill.

Three hundred and seventy years ago the waters of this spring were conveyed by the Aztecs to the city, through an aqueduct of masonry constructed for the purpose.

A portion is now forced with a steam pump for use in the gardens of the palace above;

while the remainder still flows to the capital.

Half a mile or less, in a westerly direction, still stands, in a good state of preservation, the "Old Mill,"around which raged the storm of shot and shell, when, on the eighth of September, 1847, the battle of Molino del Rey resulted in victory for the American arms.

To the right of this, the valley, as it extends, becomes much narrower, but more abundantly covered with trees, among which, at the distance of about two miles, towering above its neighbors, can be seen the old historic cypress, known as the "Tree of Cortez,"which is believed to have stood the storms of fifteen centuries.

Beneath the friendly shadows of this old tree, Cortez, at daybreak of the morning following the disasters of Noche

Triste, meditated upon the sad past, while still harassed with gloomy forebodings of the future.

Here, with a brain racked by conflicting emotions, the man whose destiny it was to place a foreign yoke on the neck of a fast falling nation, hacked with his saber the spongy, yielding bark of the tree that bears his name, and, still living, points to that dark night, three hundred and sixty years ago, when that fearful battle was fought in the Lake, and upon the causeway of Tlacopan.

Attempts having been made to destroy the tree with fire, the government has caused it to be enclosed with a substantial iron fence.

The great adventurer standing, with a perplexed but still determined look upon his face, under this historic tree, with the mountains as a background, and the moon emerging from behind a bank of dark clouds, has been represented in featherwork, by an Indian artist.

As a specimen of native art, this picture is really remarkable, while the effect produced by the beautiful feathers, as the light falls upon, and changes their hue y is wonderfully brilliant.

The chain of mountains encircling the valley increase in height and abruptness south of the city, but is nevertheless cultivated wherever possible;

the indigenous maguey^ growing where less hardy plants entirely fail.

Numerous towns, villages and quaint hamlets nestle among the foothills, while others are located away up on the mountains in little nooks and corners protected by extinct volcanic peaks.

Beyond the limits of the city proper, on the- plain intervening between it and the higher mountains, is the nearest approach to a forest of anything in the valley of Mexico.

Here were located the once famous "floating gardens"of the Aztec capital.

They still flourish among the trees, are very productive, but no longer "float,"owing to the retirement, years since, of the lake upon which they formerly moved.

Flowers in great vari-

EVAPORATION.

ety are grown in these gardens, in rich profusion, and when tastefully arranged by Indian men, women and children, find a ready sale at the floral market of the city.

But the price realized is very insignificant.

At the time of the conquest the people of Mexico were notably in advance of those of civilized Europe in the cultivation of flowers, and the

Indians, notwithstanding all the sorrows and afflictions through which they have since passed, still maintain, in this particular, their love for the beautiful.

The canal into which flows the Rio Tezcuco passes through these gardens, and is the means by which their produce is conveyed to the market of the city.

Beyond is the Paseo de la Vega, near which was fought, August 20, 1847, the battles of Contreras and Cherubusco.

Thus the reader has followed us entirely around, while we have briefly sketched a few of the many interesting places remaining attractive in the historic valley of Mexico, which was the cradle and the grave of millions who lived and died ages before the bright volcanic flames ceased to glare upon its mountains and plains.

May peace prevail upon the soil, beneath which reposes the ashes of the fathers, until the hearts of the remnant of Joseph shall be enlightened and cheered by the divine rays of the Gospel of Christ.

Moses Thatcher.

EVAPORATION.

If a wet cloth or a pan of water is exposed to the air for some time, all the water will disappear, but still it must exist in some form or other, as substance of any kind cannot be turned into nothing, but may be made to change its form so that we can with difficulty recognize it.

In the case just mentioned the water has been turned into a vapor.

But this same thing can be better illustrated by exposing to the air a little alcohol, or better still, ether, and in a short time the whole will disappear in the form of vapor, but in this we can recognize the presence of the alcohol or ether in the air from the smell that is given off, and in fact when we smell these liquids at all, it is not the liquid itself, but the vapor that arises from it.

But liquids are not the only substances that may become vaporized, for in camphor, musk, and others, the vapor arises at once from the solid, without first becoming liquid, and even from ice which is nothing but solid water, a vapor will rise without first melting it.

Evaporation will be promoted by removing piessure from the liquid surface.

There is always pressing down upon all surfaces at the level of the sea, about fifteen pounds of air on every square inch. Now when water arises as vapor, the molecules or smallest particles of water are raised against this weight, and to do this some force is required.

When, therefore, some of this air is removed, the same force acting will throw off or raise into the air as vapor, more of these molecules, and will do it also more rapidly.

The force that changes a liquid to a vapor, as explained in the last paragraph, is heat, as everyone knows, since clothes hung out in the open air, or pools of mud and water, will not dry so soon in winter as in summer, so when we wish to dry a wet cloth very rapidly, we always place it near the fire.

The term vapor is most erroneously applied to the gases of those substances that we are accustomed to see generally in a liquid state like water and mercury but the term gas refers to those substances that we commonly see in neither the liquid nor solid state, as for instance, the air we breathe, composed of oxygen and nitrogen, and some of these have not been reduced to any other state by any means devised;

so when this is the case they are called permanent gases, as oxygen and nitrogen, but not carbonic acid gas, which with great cold and pressure can be reduced to the liquid, and even to the.solid state.

i66 EVAPORATION.

Evaporation may take place at almost any temperature, but there is, however, a point below which no evaporation will take place.

The atmosphere is said to be saturated, when it contains all the vapor of water it can hold, for at a given temperature, there is only a certain quantity that can be contained in a given bulk of air. Now if the temperature be raised the air will hold more, or if lowered it will hold less.

It was on this principle that fogs, clouds, rain and snow were explained in some former articles.

If we wish to reduce vapors and gases to the liquid or solid condition, we must employ a course directly opposite to that used to raise them to this gaseous condition.

In the first place we must use pressure, in order to bring the molecules together, so as to form the more compact liquid.

Since heat favors evaporation, when we wish to produce the op- • posite effect, we must use as little heat as possible.

So by applying these two, pressure and cold, many gases have been reduced to the liquid and even to the solid state arid it may be, that by employing greater pressure and greater cold, that the permanent gases already mentioned can be reduced to the liquid state, and in fact this has lately been accomplished on some of them.

Whenever any liquid evaporates it is always accompanied with a great loss of heat, which is not sensible to the touch, as we see in a kettle"of boiling water.

Heat must be applied to raise the water to the boiling point, but after that all the heat is used to transform from a liquid to a gas.

There are many common illustrations of this, as for instance, when the hand is dipped into alcohol or ether, and then exposed to the air for a few moments, cold is immediately felt.

Here the rapid evaporation, can not take place, without a great expense of heat, which is, of course, taken from the hand, and this produces the sensation of cold.

When a person comes from a bath, he soon becomes cold and so continues until the water dries off from the body.

As the body is covered with little drops of water, there is a large evaporating surface exposed to the air, but the heat to produce this evaporation is taken from the body.

In Mohammedan countries in former times, it was customary for pious people to place jars, made of porous material, and filled with water in the niches of walls along the roadsides, so that the thirsty traveler might drink.

But water thus placed would soon become warm, if it were not for the porous vessel in which it is placed for through these pores, the water would gradually make its way to the outside of the vessel, and there it would evaporate, and in order to do this, it must absorb the heat from within, thus keeping the water, always cool.

In the Eastern states, the temperature in summer is very little if any higher than we have here, yet the heat is far more oppressive.

There, in consequence of the frequent rains, the air is always laden with moisture, so that it might be considered as almost saturated, and hence very little evaporation can take place, and what does take place goes on very slowly; but here, we have a very dry air, very seldom saturated, so that evaporation goes on rapidly.

The perspiration, that collects on the body is then rapidly evaporated, but at the expense of the heat of the body.

This principle of producing cold by evaporation, has been employed in manufacturing ice artificially.

One simple apparatus is that of Leslie, though this method would not be employed in making ice in large quantities, but simply as an experiment.

Sulphuric acid has a great affinity for water, and will absorb it readily from the air.

So if we place a little water and also some sulphuric acid, separate from each other, under the glass receiver of an air pump, and exhaust the air, so as to remove the pressure, the water will begin to evaporate, and at the same time lose heat, but as fast as the water turns to vapor, it is absorbed by the sulphuric acid, and, thus, room is given for more to evaporate, and so this continues until the temperature of the water is reduced to the freezing point.

This experiment can not always be successfully performed, for reasons not very well understood.

A tube may be filled with water and

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

placed in alcohol or ether, and then by blowing with a tube into the ether or alcohol so as to expose as much surface as possible to evaporation, the water will soon be frozen, and even mercury can be frozen, by placing it in ether under the receiver of an air pump and then exhausting the air, so as to make the evaporation go on still more rapidly than in the former case.

When carbonic acid gas is reduced to a liquid state by great pressure and then suddenly exposed to the air, it begins immediately to change to the gaseous state, but so rapidly that only a portion of it is changed, the rest is frozen, and left behind as a white snowy looking solid, frozen because its heat was taken away to evaporate the other portion of it.

Machines have been made on this principle, so as to produce ice in large quantities even in the hottest regions of the globe, where ice is never seen produced naturally.

All the heat, drawn from whatever source, whether from the air or from some artificial source, and used in turning liquid into gas, still exists in the gas, but is not sensible to the touch, and hence is called latent heat, but just as soon as the gas returns to its former state, that of a liquid, it gives off the heat that it held in a latent form, but it now becomes sensible.

So when fog and clouds are formed a great deal of watery vapor is condensed into little globules as explained in a former article, and at the same time the latent heat becomes sensible so as to make the air warmer than it would be otherwise.

This same thing is illustrated in the falling of rain and snow; though in the last case the change goes through two stages, first the liquid and then the solid, so that the amount of heat given off is even greater than when rain falls.

When dew collects on grass, it serves as a protecting mantle to keep in the heat, as it is the cold surface of the leaf that condenses the moisture on its surface from air next to it, and as soon as condensation takes place, heat is given off, so as to keep the heat from becoming too cold.

The principle on which all these facts depend is very simple, as we see in a hot stove, which can not cool off without heating up the surrounding air.

Were it not for the latent heat in the vapor of water, the climate of the globe would be far different from what it is, for the air laden with moisture is carried north and south of the equator, and when this moisture falls in the shape of rain or snow, it gives off the heat that it stored away at the equator, and carried away with it, so that not only the regions north and south of the equator were benefited by it, but also the countries at the equator, since there they have more than they need, and not enough farther north and south.

Quebec.

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

SIXTH LEAF.

Comparison of the various sects of modern Christendom with the Church of

Christ as established by Jesus and his Apostles, which was briefly described in the preceding article, will show that there has been a wide and remarkable departure from "the faith once delivered to the saints."It is contrary both to scripture and sound reason to think that

Christ would set up two or more discordant religious systems to distract mankind and cause strife and contention.

''God is not the author of confusion*"There is but one straight and narrow path that leadeth unto life.

The mind of God is one;

the minds of men are various.

The fact then that there are various opposing religions in the world is conclusive evidence that men have been engaged in their invention.

It is also clear that they have established very imperfect imitations of the true Church of Christ.

The departure from the order, doctrine, ordinances and spirit of primitive Christianity commenced at a very early period.

Contentions began to creep in among the

i68 LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

early saints, and they soon commenced to array themselves in factions, some being of Paul, others of Apollos, others of Cephas, etc.

And the inspired leaders of the Church foresaw the great apostasy which would take place, as may be seen from their epistles.

Paul declared that the day of the Lord's second advent would not dawn until a "great falling away"should occur.

He described the condition of apostate Christendom when the people "would not endure sound doctrine,"but would "heap unto themselves teachers, having itching ears;"when "doctrines of devils"should be taught instead of the pure Gospel;

when they would have "a form of godliness, but deny the power thereof;"and Peter declared that false teachers would arise in the place of the duly authorized servants of God, and bring in damnable heresies;

who "through covetousness would make merchandise"of the souls of men and by whom "the way of truth would be evil spoken of."This "mystery of iniquity"had already begun to work even in their day, and rapidly increased after their departure.

The combined powers of the world, the flesh and the devil made such inroads upon the Church of Christ that, by the time when John the beloved disciple was banished to the island of Patmos,where he received that great vision known as the Book of Revelations, only seven branches of the Church were worthy of divine mention, and some of them had become so corrupt that terrible denunciations were hurled against them, and they were threatened with complete rejection.

In that same vision the inspired Apostle beheld the utter and universal apostasy of the Church and the spread of spurious

Christianity until all nalions were "made drunk with the wine of the wrath of the fornication"of Babylon, "the mother of harlots and abomination."Instead of the chaste Church of Christ, clothed with the sun, the moon under her feet and the crown of twelve stars upon her head, the scarlet-clothed imposter, sitting upon the beast, grasping a golden cup full of filthiness for the whole world to drink.

Regal pomp and state power, instead of the solar glory of the Melchisedec and the lunar rays of the Aaronic priesthoods, with the stellar crown of the Apostleship shining at the head!

Mystery instead of light!

Painted gaudiness instead of modest purity!

Names of blasphemy instead, of that one sacred name at which every knee should bow When the lights that Christ kindled on earth to lead mankind in the only true way were put out by the hands of murderous men, darkness overspread the world, and "gross darkness covered the people."Errors multipled.

Heresies sprang up like rank weeds.

The spirit of Christ gradually withdrew. And when what was left of the form of Christianity became allied to the softened paganism of the Romish Empire, the angels looked down from afar upon another triumph of the Arch Adversary, who rules as the Prince of this World, and reigns in the hearts of the children of disobedience.

The Papal church, seated upon the Romish State, was fitly prefigured by the woman upon the beast.

The Church of Christ was gone, without even a shadow of its presence to be seen upon the earth.

All nations were blinded and intoxicated by the mystery and abominations, the heresies and perversions, the pomps and vanities of this spurious ecclesiastical system, with its Popes and Cardinals in the place of Apostles and Prophets, its priestcraft in the place of the priesthood, and its force, bloodshed, cruelty and lust in the place of the love, liberty, peace and charity of the departed

Church of the Redeemer.

After a time came the Reformation.

Protestants against the tyranny, falsehood and gross villanies of this blasphemous hierarchy sounded aloud the story of her abominations and shook all Christendom with the force of their eloquence.

Anathematized and excommunicated from the Mother Church, they established new churches, discarding many errors but retaining as many more.

Still further "reformations"were inaugurated, originnating more churches, and thus sects produced sects, and as religious liberty increased so religious systems multiplied,

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

until the term Christianity covered an incongruous mass of discordant elements, representing all shades of human opinion, without a single authoritative voice deputed of heaven to harmonize and bring them into order.

For, though immense good accrued to the world through the exposure of error and the unfolding of truth, which were the consequence of the Reformation and its successive developements, and though many excellent men spent their lives and suffered cruel deaths for principles of righteousness, yet there was no direct communication established between them and the heavens, and that authority by which the Apostles administered for and in behalf of the Father, the Son and the

Holy Ghost was still unrestored to man.

There was no inspired prophet, no gifted seer, no appointed revelator through whom the will of God eould be made known.

Therefore the ordinances of the gospel could not be administered acceptably to God, and all such ceremonies as were established among the various sects were of necessity void and without virtue in heaven.

So the world rolled on, and men framed religions, all containing some truth as well as some errors, and many persons who would have done well in advocating what they believed to be right, in their own names, undertook to assume the name of the Trinity, and to officiate as though authorized by Jesus Christ, while they openly admitted that there had been no communication from on high for centuries, and maintained that the days of revelation were gone for ever.

And thus the effects of Mystery, Babylon, the Mother Abominations, were felt directly or indirectly throughout all the nations professing to be Christian, and millions upon millions of mistaken souls passed behind the vail without receiving the principles and ordinances of salvation, and the living and the dead were left in the spiritual darkness of centuries of apostasy to wait until the dawning of the great and last dispensation, the times of restitution, when the crowning act of

God's mercy to man should be performed, and the ushering in of the Millennial day should bring again to the world, with increasing glory, the gospel, the priesthood, the blessings and the powers of all former ages, for the salvation of the human race and the permanent establishment of the Church and Kingdom of God, no more to be thrown down for ever.

C.

IV. Penrose.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

vr.

FLORENCE.

The railway journey of eighty miles from Bologna to Florence is over what is called the sub-Apennine mountains, and embraces a variety of picturesque scenery.

The road rises in the mountains to an elevation of over two thousand feet, and in the ascent crosses the river Reno many times.

The canyon leading to the summit is a narrow winding defile, the points of the projecting hills being pierced by upwards of forty tunnels, through which the train passes within a period of about three hours.

The southern slopes of the Apennines, overlooking the beautiful plains of Tuscany are highly cultivated and very productive.

The view of the undulating plain, containing the homes of a great population of the most industrious of the sons of Italy, is one of surpassing beauty.

The little villages that are clustered on the banks of streams have an appearance of neatness and thrift, while the towering dome of the great Cathedral, which glistens in the distance, like burnished gold in the sunshine, is the star of promise that indicates the site of Florence, "the beautiful,"the most lovely city of Italy.

As we approach the town our hearts are filled with pleasurable anticipations of the wonderful galleries and halls and churches, famous in the world since the times of the Medicis.

While in ancient times Rome was the

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

grand center of Italian development, since the middle ages, Florence has been the focus of intellectual life.

The modern language and literature of Italy have chiefly emanated from Florence, and the fine arts have attained the zenith of their glory there.

An enthuisastic writer and Pope of Rome, did but simple justice when he inscribed the following: "Who can describe the enchanting view of this art-city of Tuscany and the world, Florence, with its surrounding gardens? Who paint the distant horizon, from Fiesole smiling at us with its fair towers, to the blue ridge of the Lucchese mountains standing out against the golden background of the western sky?

Here everything betrays the work of generation after generation of ingenious men.

Like a water-lily rising on the mirror of the lake, so rests on this lovely ground the still more lovely Florence, with its everlasting works and its inexhaustible riches.

From the bold airy tower of the palace, rising like a slender mast, to Brunelleschi's wondrous dome of the Cathedral; from the old house of the Spini to the Pitti Palace, the most imposing the world has ever seen; from the garden of the Franciscan convent to the beautiful environs of the Cascine, all are "full of incomparable grace.

Each street of Florence contains a world of art;

the walls of the city are the calyx containing the fairest flowers of the human mind;

and this is but the richest gem in the diadem with which the Italian people have adorned the earth."Florence is situated on both banks of the river Arno, and the two parts are connected by six bridges;

along the banks on either side is a broad and level drive called the Lung-Arno, where in the evening may be seen hundreds of fine equipages, containing the elite of the visiting and residential population; who throng upon the river's banks to enjoy the cool, perfume-laden breezes from the hillslopes and the valley.

The chief attraction of Florence is the art collection of the.

Uffizi and Pitti Galleries and of the Academy of Fine Arts.

The thousands of paintings, all selected from the best works of the artists that produced them, which hang upon the walls of the many noble saloons and adorn the long and lofty corridors, if placed side by side would measure several miles from the beginning to the end of the line; hundreds of landscapes that represent all the scenes from the frozen poles to tropic climes; hundreds of portraits of famous men from the beginning of the world to modern times;

hundreds of historic paintings that commemorate the greatest events of all ages, and miles of sacred characters from the first man to John the Divine, besides hundreds of later Catholic saints, whose memory is thus perpetuated on the canvas of their artist admirers of all generations down to the present time.

The most interesting and remarkable saloon of the Uffizi gallery is the Tribuna.

It is an octagonal room, upon whose walls are paintings of such renown that their value exceeds the means of many a kingdom to purchase.

The "Madonna and Child,"by Raphael, is one of the great master's very best paintings;

his St. John is also remarkably fine.

The sculptures are not less beautiful, being a collection of ancient works, that have no equals in later times;

among them Venus di Medici, Young Apollo and the

Wrestlers.

In the various halls and saloons are arranged in order, the collections of the great masters in one room, and collections of the Tuscan, Venetian and Lombard, Dutch, Flemish, French and German schools in others.

The cabinet of Gems is a saloon borne by four columns of Oriental alabaster, and four of verde antique.

It contains cases in which are shown upwards of four hundred gems and precious stones, once the property of the Medici; among them a choice casket of rock-crystal, with twenty-four scenes from the life of Christ upon it.

Passing from the chambers of the Uffizi gallery, we enter a passage-way that leads clear across the Arno, and considerable of the town, to the Pitti Palace.

This passage is a lofty corridor or hall, the walls of which are embellished with original drawings, engravings, some paintings and Florentine and Gobelin tapestries.

The passage is nearly

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

half a mile long, and is, at no point of the entire distance, lacking some artistic decoration.

The Pitti Palace is a striking structure conspicuously situated on an eminence.

It is a massive building of cut blocks of stone, left rough, except at the edges.

It is partly surrounded by the Boboli garden, which is a marvel of horticultural skill.

It has been the residence of the reigning monarch since the sixteenth century, and is now the home of King Humbert when he visits Florence.

The picture gallery is situated in one of the wings, on an upper floor, and is one of the most select and valuable in Europe.

It is arranged in saloons named as follows:

The Iliad, Saturn, Jupiter, Mars,

Apollo, Venus, Ulysses, Prometheus, Justice, Flora, etc.

Each of these contains upon its walls the choicest paintings of the best painters of the middle ages and modern times; there being none of subordinate merit admitted.

There are also in each room fine mosaic and onyx tables, with many of oriental woods petrifactions and porphery. Some bronze sculptures also are seen, among them a very fine one representing Cain and Abel.

In the Flora saloon is the celebrated statue of Venus, by Canova.

Of all the five hundred paintings in this famous gallery, perhaps none is more universally admired than that well preserved group of the holy family, by Raphael, called the "Madonna della Sedia,"or Madonna of the chair.

It represents the mother of the Savior sitting with the infant in her lap, and John the Baptist, as a child, standing at her knee.

The perfect, motherly expression of the Virgin, and the vivacity of the round healthy child win all hearts, and cause the multitude,who pass through the saloon daily, to stop and admire.

There is always a crowd before it.

The Palazzo Vecchio, the ancient seat of the Signoria, the government of the Florentine republic, and afterwards the home of Cosmo I, one of the Medicis, is now used as a town hall.

It is a fine building, possessing within and about its walls, many interesting relics of the palmy days of Tuscany.

In the square before it, in which has always centred the principal business of the city, the renowned Savonarola, and two other monks of his order, were burned at the stake, in 1498, for propagating advanced doctrines, which living after them, culminated in the great Reformation of 1520.

De Vallibus.

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

11.

The heresy of Nehors took deep root in a large western city called Ammonihah.

Its chief rulers, judges and other leading men were strong in that faith;

so strong that they lived entirely according to the lust of their eyes and the corruptions of their hearts, in the Satanic belief that all would be saved through the illimitable mercy of God—good and bad, saint and sinner.

They swept away all incentives to lives of righteousness and sinned, apparently, that grace might abound.

Through Alma's preaching some few were converted to the truth, but these were either driven from their homes or martyred by fire through the devilish malignity of the ruling classes.

Alma and his companion, Amulek, were first thrust into prison and then cast out of the city, after which the whole population gave themselves up to their pet iniquities.

Next year, as Alma had foretold, the city was captured by the Lamanites and burned and its inhabitants utterly destroyed.

For all this the pleasing errors of Nehor were not eradicated, but still found place in the hearts of many who loved sin and had no pleasure in righteousness.

The increasing indifference of the people to the law of heaven caused Alma to resign the judgment seat, so that he might devote his entire time and energies to the preaching of God's holy word.

He held the office of Chief Judge eight

THE NEPHTTES UNDER THE JUDGES.

years, and when he resigned he selected a prominent elder of the Church, named

Nephihah, for his successor.

This choice was confirmed by the united voice of the people.

It was during Nephihah's rule that the destruction of Ammonihah by the Lamanites, above referred to, took place.

In the seventeenth year of the Judges an Anti-Christ, named Korehor, disturbed the peace of the people.

He was a vile impostor, who, inspired of Satan, knowingly deluded those who listened to him.

It may be truthfully said that he denied everything of eternal value—he denied the existence of God, the coming of Christ, the necessity of an atonement and immortality of man.

"Let us follow the desires of our own hearts, let us eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die and that is the end of us,"was the burden of his doctrine.

Numbers believed in his words and were thereby led into all manner of lasciviousness and folly.

His end was a terrible one.

Being brought before Alma and Nephihah, he blasphemously and vauntingly demanded a sign.

Ultimately, when patience had ceased to be a virtue, a sign was given to him.

He was struck dumb by the power of God, through Alma, and from thenceforth he wandered from door to door begging his bread.

A few days, or at most, a few weeks afterwards, he was run down and killed by a crowd in a city of the Lamanites, a sect of Nephite dissenters who luxuriated in another pernicious form of false'doctrine.

Their heresy consisted in denying the Christ and esteeming themselves as the special favorites of heaven, created to be saved while the rest of mankind were born to be damned.

Nor could the preaching of Alma and other leading authorities and High Priests of the Church, move the majority from their egotistical errors.

Those who repented at the sound of the

Gospel proclamation, were expatriated by their more sin hardened fellows, and had to flee to the land of Jershon, whose citizens kindly provided them with homes and the necessaries of life.

The unrepentant portion of the Lamanites turned traitors to their country, joined the Lamanites and invaded Jershon, but they were disastrously defeated by Moroni in a fierce battle, and the remnants that remained (like the followers of Amlici) were absorbed into the Lamanitish race, the common grave of all Nephite traitors and apostates.

One of the vilest, most treacherous and ambitious characters that ever cursed Ancient America, next stands forth as the enemy of the Nephites, through whose treason and apostasy thousands on thousands of the house of Israel met violent deaths and premature graves.

His name was Amalickiah, a descendent of Zoram, the servant of Laban.

Originally a member of Christ's holy Church, his corrupt heart and ambitious spirit would not brook the restraints that Gospel law imposed.

He apostatized from the church, raised the standard of revolt against the Nephite Commonwealth, and rapidly gathered to his aid the ambitious, the dissatisfied and the corrupt who like himself hoped for fame and wealth"by the overthrow of the republic.

Moroni, the Nephite commander, rose to greatness with the peril of the hour.

He sounded the cry of liberty far and wide through the Nephite lands, and thousands inflamed with his spirit, followed his example and swore by Him that sitteth upon the throne and liveth for ever and ever, that they would protect with all their powers their nation's freedom and liberty of conscience, and never desert the cause that in years previous had been sustained by their labors and cemented with their blood.

Inspired with this holy zeal they met, fought and routed the traitor's hosts.

He fled to the Lamanites, and by repeated acts of cunning and treachery, rose step by step, until he was acknowledged king of that people.

His vaulting ambition was yet unsatisfied, his hope, his aim was to reign supreme over all America, and to accomplish this he plunged into one of the most bloody and hotly contested wars that history records, carrying havoc and woe to the homes of the Nephites, for he captured, or destroyed many of their most important cities, both on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

This devastating war makes a new era in the military development of the Nephites.

A number of great commanders uprose to meet the exigences of the hour, foremost among whom stood Moroni, one of the most remarkable characters of any age or race.

He remodelled the Nephite army and greatly raised the standard of discipline amongst its forces;

he introduced and carried out a more scientific system of fortification and built an impregnable line of defence across the South American continent, to protect the Nephites from the incursions of their southern foes.

He was as wise in council as he was brave in battle, as humane to his fallen foes as he was devoted to truth and righteousness, not only an unconquerable warrior, but a powerful orator, indeed in him, as much as in any man that ever lived, could be found all the noblest virtues of mankind entabernacled.

For a time he acted as a military dictator, the people placing almost unlimited powers in his hands to enable him to overthrow the Lamanite invaders from without, and sedition and treason at home.

Ultimately he was successful In all these perilous duties; treason at home was annihilated, the Lamanites were driven back to their own lands.

As his lieutenants he had men almost as great in virtue and valor as himself, amongst them Lehi, Teancum, Heleman and Antipus are the most conspicuous.

In this war Amalickiah was slain, as was also his brother and successor, Ammoron, Jacob and other Lamanite leaders.

This war is also made memorable and glorious by the faith and courage of the youthful two thousand Ammonite warriors, whose heroic deeds and devotion to the cause of freedom are household words in every home where the Book of Mormon is treasured and studied.

The long continued war had produced the usual train of moral evils.

There had been murders, contentions, dissension and all manner of iniquity among the people of Nephi,but for the sake of the righteous the nation was spared.

When the war had been fully brought to an end (B. C.60), the priesthood went forth and again established the Church of God throughout the land, fresh regulations were made regarding the law and new judges and chief judges (local) were chosen.

This reorganiztion of society was followed by abundant prosperity, the people grew exceedingly rich in material wealth and rapidly multiplied in numbers.

This marked prosperity and rapid increase gave rise to numerous enterprises, ship building was developed and traffic by sea grew to unexpected proportions.

A constant flow of emigration to the Northern continent, both by sea and land, became a distinguishing feature of this era, some of the colonies numbering many thousands, and resembling more the migration of a nation than the outflowing of individual citizens in search of new homes.

One company, it is stated, that left Zarahemla (B.C. 55) numbered five thousand four hundred men, with their wives and children, which would make the whole company, at a low estimate, number thirty thousand souls.

In this way the nothernland was rapidly filled, the majority of the immigrants apparently, from the descriptions in the sacred record, as well as from the relics of their being, occasionally brought to light, filling up the land of Mexico, then travelling up the valleys of the Mississippi and the Ohio, until they reached the neighborhood of the great lakes.

The gradual decay of public virtue amongst the Nephites made possible the existance of Gadianton bands, whose organization and development are among the saddest phases of Nephite history.

Amongst a truly virtuous and God-fearing people these bands never could have had a beginning, or, if a very few vicious malcontents had succeeded in effecting such an organization they would have obtained no protection or encouraging sympathy from the masses and would have been quickly rooted out by the officers of the law.

Their long continued existance, great numbers and powerful influence in the affairs of state, show how corrupt and depraved the character of the average Nephite had become.

We think it is evident, that though there 1 were seasons of partial repentance from

CHRISTIAN PRINCIPLE.

the lime of the appearance of these robber bands to the date of th*e crucifixion of our Lord, yet the general prevailing character of the Nephites shows gradual decadence, an increased lack of virtuous energy and a great preponderance of the manifestations of evil.

As a river in its course from the springs in the mountains to the great ocean may pursue a devious and meandering route, often almost turning back on itself and yet have one general distinguishing course in one particular point of the compass, so, notwithstanding all the brief seasons of godliness enjoyed by the Nephites, their general course was downward to destruction, in each decade the standard of morality was lowered and the strength of innate iniquity more plainly manifested!

George Reynolds.

CHRISTIAN PRINCIPLE.

In this age of dissensions and contentions, bitter, strong, and continued, the question might be asked, is this a Christian era?

Do we live among Christians?

Are we ourselves Christians?

It might require a degree of courage which is rare, to give an honest, candid and intelligent answer.

Nearly nineteen hundred years ago, the Savior of mankind, the Son of the Eternal Father, came into this world on His mission of love, mercy, and forgiveness.

For hundreds of years, as He is now, He has been the acknowledged personification of all good;

the Being we profess to emulate; and whose disciples nearly the whole civilized world claim to be.

He taught us to do unto others as we would have others do unto us;

to love our neighbor as we love ourselves.

To-day, the world is full of persons calling themselves

Christians, who are the professed disciples of that paragon of all that was good, gentle, merciful and forgiving in man, and whose doctrine is peace and love.

Ask any of this multitudinous host of self-styled disciples of the Savior, if their fellows—who are the children of the same Great Father as themselves—who happen to be of a different belief, are the true followers of the Christ we all claim to love?

If they are in the right path?

if God will accept their offerings? and you are almost certain to have a negative response.

The stock in trade of these persons (who make a business of preaching the law of eternal salvation, and who dwell with such glowing ardor on the examples of Christ, just as any other person does of merchandising, of carpentering, or of anything else which brings in wealth, influence and position), is vituperation, scandal, abuse, vengeance, and all that most resembles the elements which are farthest from the things they preach. To hold each other up to the perfection of scorn and contumely, to make light of things sacred to others, and to invite and encourage the persecution of a people whose only offense is to worship God in a different manner—perhaps the difference consists only in worshiping God instead of professing to—seems to be the great ambition of these men.

There is something wrong in this.

Is it in Christianity?

The answer must unhesitatingly be, No.

Where then?

You may search and ponder till the grave closes over you, and if you ever come to a conclusion it must be that the wrong is in man himself.

Therefore, men must be unlike the Christian paragon—the Savior—they are not perfection.

The question is, whose is the better example, that of the Savior, or that of His pretended disciples of to-day?

All these men feel, feel strongly, they believe, they know;

but they cannot, dare not claim more.

They do not know.

What, then, should be their deduction?

That all should be charitable that all should study forbearance, that all should admit, however firmly we believe, and however content we may be in that belief, it is still possible we may be in error.

Were all like Christ, then all might know; but they are not.

This is Christianity;

this

CHRISTIAN PRINCIPLE.

17is the doctrine of Christ, and he is most like the Savior who endures most, with patience and forgiveness, from the intolerance of others.

The very genius of the Christian principle is forbearance and charity.

Nothing on earth should make us so kind, so gentle and so forgiving as unkindness, hardness and unrelenting intolerance.

The pain we suffer should teach us to be careful how we give it to others; when we are persecuted, we should more clearly see its heinousness, and therefore avoid persecuting others.

If pain and sorrow do not teach kindness, and care, and pity, what then is the use of life? The reason for suffering in life is lost, the best has vanished, and we are all alike.

The Savior suffered, and His suffering told Him how others would feel in the same circumstances, and He prayed that others might be spared what He had endured.

He saw the reason there was in pain;

He learned its lesson.

Will we do so?

We live in a world, and in communities where strong feelings prevail, and we know the Christian by his charity to those around him.

Christ knew all good, and yet He could be charitable and forgive, and His disciples will emulate Him.

The Christian will reflect: What if I am wronged?

I do not live for this life; my reward lies in the future; and if, in the striving for that reward, I fall by the evil of others, that reward is but the surer.

The Christian can afford to forgive, to be charitable, to have great forbearance; and the Christian will forgive, be charitable and show forbearance.

Therein lies his hope, for without these grounds for a basis, his hopes are void;

and since he is here to be tried, his efforts to attain these elements should be the greater, as will be his reward if he succeeds.

Is it not blasphemy for this army of ministers, of professed expounders or illustrations of the Christian principle to wish evil to an enemy?

Will a Christian cherish a wish to see a foe injured?

Who ever heard of the Savior wishing evil or harm to any one?

Who ever read of His entering into contentions, of His denouncing persons because they did not believe with Him, or of His wanting His followers to make war upon their brothers and sisters—the children of the same God?

No one.

Did not the Christ of Christians, in the agony of the most cruel death, exclaim, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do?"Yet He knew all good, while they but think they know it.

Cannot they, then, whose injury is somewhat lighter—to admit that they are injured afford to ask the Great Father to forgive those who, according to their belief, have gone astray, instead of persecuting and crying for blood?

Surely, we who are injured can, if they cannot; we can emulate the Savior at least in this.

Would not this be the impulse of a Christian?

It seems to be the fate of the world to have secured for its expounders of Christianity, the men most unfitted for such positions.

The most successful ministers of this age are men of strong will, of fiery passions, of burning impulses, of wildest thoughts, and too often men of bloody hearts and bloody minds;

men who will rise and repeat the Lord's sacred prayer with fervor, and ere the words have died on the lips, will, with the same fervor, heap anathemas upon the heads of supposed enemies, whom they make their enemies because they do not accord to their doctrines, to their Christ, to their unchristian sentiments.

.Come whence this may, it is blasphemy, blasphemy of the most unpardonable nature.

O how many of us, while asking the Creator for fogiveness for our sins, will pray for the destruction of a fellow being because—because what?

We think, think, he is evil or has injured us.

Is this Christianity? That it is, Christians complain of;

that it is, Christians should avoid.

Is it the spirit of the Savior that incites to retaliation, because we are abused? We complain of abuse, and if we abuse in return whence comes our justification on the day of judgment?

And wherein are we superior to those who abuse us?

Of that which we complain have we ourselves been guilty.

"Father, forgive them,"says the Christian, and the Christian has no other wish.

Shame to the person who, profess-

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

ing Christianity, would be guilty of arousing the strong passions of resentment.

Such is not the Christian principle.

A Christian spirit does not dictate such, and those who would countenance it are not filled with that Spirit which, on the Cross, and with the last breath of pain and anguish, could say, ''Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."S.

There is no charity in keeping a man who will not keep himself.

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

The appearance of Salt Lake City is so different to that of 1848-9, that strangers are frequently led to false conclusions respecting it.

One of the sisters who came here in 1847 was quite indignant when a person addressed her in the following style:

"You Mormons were no fools to choose such a beautiful spot as this, water courses running clown every street, and fine trees growing in every garden!"This was too much for the aged lady, and it called forth the following reply:

"You should have come here when I did, when there was nothing but sagebrush growing here, and as to the water, it came down from the mountains where it had cut its own way;

there was one creek running down to Brother Hyde's (the late President Orson Hyde), another went right above the Temple Block;

this we used for growing wheat in 1848.

Trees, indeed!

Brother George A.

(the late President George A. Smith) said-, 'Now then, you brethren and sisters who want to attend Conference, come along, and we'll hold our meeting under a haystack; and you that want to be seated among the congregation, mind and bring your own chairs.'"We have seen how rapidly things progressed.

By the end of 1848, building was carried on with great spirit.

From the Fort, since called the "Old Fort,"as other similar forts were subsequently erected;

from thence agricultural and building operations were carried on with safety;

six thousand acres of land were enclosed, a large tract of pasture land protected, irrigating ditches were surveyed and dug.

The Fort was in the form of a square, the northern half presided over by Bishop Carleton Lewis, the* southern half by Bishop John S.

Higbee.

Marshal, John VanCott; Jonn Nebeker, Assistant Marshal.

Every precaution was taken to guard against the attacks of Indians; strong gates were erected, on passing through which the public square was entered.

Of the privations the settlers passed through up to the time of the first harvest, no one can form a correct idea.

Roots had to be dug from the ground for food, raw hides were torn down from roofs, cut into shreds and cooked.

Very little game was found near the city; some fish were obtained.

This was a time when much kindness was frequently manifested by those who happened to possess more grain than their neighbors.

And if any feelings had arisen among the brethren, by reason of their straitened circumstances, all was buried in oblivion after the harvest.

To aid in bringing this about, the wisdom of the leaders of the people was eminently successful.

They knew every one of the community, knew their circumstances, the causes that had given rise to misunderstandings.

"Why do you love your leaders so much as to forget yourselves, and render obedience to them so readily?"said a stranger to one of the first settlers.

"Love them?"was the reply; "why, because they loved us.

They didn't want to die for us, although some of them did that; they were ready to live for us, all the time trying to do us good."With such feelings as these animating the bosom of a people, no wonder they progressed!

At the end of 1848, the Council House was commenced, buildings for public offices were erected, and early in a settlement was made about fifty miles

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

south of the city, near the mouth of the

Timpanogas, or Proveaux River.

Early in March a convention was called "of all the citizens of that part of Upper California lying east of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, to take into consideration the propriety of organizing a territorial or state government."On the fifth of March the convention met, and on the eighth a memorial was sent to Congress for a state government to be "ordained and established a free and independent government by the name of the State of

Deseret."On the ninth and tenth an election was held "under the Provisional

Government of the State of Deseret."Brigham Young was elected Governor;

Willard Richards, Secretary of State;

Newel K. Whitney, Treasurer;

Heber C. Kimball, Chief Justice; John Taylor and Newel K. Whitney, Associate Justices;

Daniel H. Wells, Attorney General; Horace

S. Eldredge, Marshal;

Albert Carrington, Assessor and Collector of taxes; Joseph L. Heywood, Surveyor of highways, etc.

All the officers took the required oath, to support the Constitution, which form of government was to remain in force "until the Congress of the United States should otherwise provide."

At the time Utah was first settled by the Pioneers, this country belonged to Mexico, but by the treaty of Gaudalupe

Hidalgo, in 1848, it was ceded to the United States.

On the second of July, 1849, the Legislature, created by the Organic Act, met, elected a delegate to Congress and adopted a memorial to that body, in which, among other things, they state that the inhabitants of the

State of Deseret, in view of their own security and for the protection of the constitutional right of the United States, to hold jurisdiction, there have organized a provisional government, under which the civil policy of the nation is duly maintained.

They also asked admission into the Union on equal footing with other States, or such other form of civil government as Congress in its wisdom and magnanimity might award, etc.

For, although a constitution and petition for a Territorial organization had been previously sent to

Congress, the memorial for a State government had been substituted for it.

Among the various organizations effected during this important year, was the militia, styled the Nauvoo Legion, which elected the following officers:

Major General, Daniel H. Wells;

Brigadier General (cavalry), J. M.

Grant;

Brigadier General (infantry), Horace S.

Eldredge;

Assistant Adjutant General (staff), James Ferguson; Aide-de-Camp (staff), Hyrum B.

Clawson;

Colonel (cavalry), John S.Fullmer; Major (life guards), George D. Grant;

Captain (topographical engineer), John Brown; Captain (cavalry), Samuel Thompson.

The Nauvoo Legion was commanded by Maor General

Daniel H. Wells.

August 28, Captain Howard Stansbury, U.

S.

army, reached Salt Lake City and called on President Brigham Young.

On the twelfth of September that gentleman left for Fort Hall.

November 7th, Captain Stansbury again reached Salt Lake City.

He had passed along the western shores of the Great Salt Lake since he had left Fort Hall, to make a survey of the shores of the lake, in which he was assisted by Hon. Albert

Carrington.

The temperature of the Warm Springs, as taken by Captain Stansbury during the winter of 1849, was F.

.The square appropriated to the public buildings (the Temple Block),had an immense shed erected upon posts, which was capable of containing three thousand persons.

It was called the "bowery,"and was used as a temporary place of worship.

On the sixth of October, of this year, the Perpetual Emigration Company was organized;

Utah, Tooele and Sanpete Counties were settled.

Before the year closed the Deseret Dramatic Association was formed, with Robert Campbell as president.

Theatrical entertainments were projected, Hamlet and other classic pieces were to be put upon the boards in the bowery.

Among the names of performers are seen those of D. Candland,

C. Bassett, Joseph E. Johnson, J. D. T.

McAllister, William D. Johnson, Mrs.

R. Hayward {nee Spence). William Pitt,

Robert Russell and Hopkins Pender, or-

TRANSLATIONS.

chestra.

The greatest cold recorded during the year was on the fifth of February, when the mercury fell to 23° below zero.

On the twenty-seventh of May, parties entered the city from the eastern States on their way to the gold fields of California.

One of the emigrants, writing from this city to the New

York Tribune, July 8, 1849, describes the new settlement:

"We at length found ourselves in a broad, fenced street, extending westward in a straight line for several miles.

Houses of wood or sundried brick, were thickly clustered in the vale before us, some thousands in number.

Fields of yellow wheat stood waiting for the harvest, and Indian corn, potatoes, oats, flax, and all kinds of garden vegetables were growing in profusion.

I this day attended worship with them in the open aj r# They had a choir of both sexes, who performed extremely well, accompanied by a band, who played well on almost every musical instrument of modern invention.

Peals of the most sweet, sacred and solemn music filled the air, after which a solemn prayer was offered up."

We learn that the late Brother Jedidiah Grant offered the prayer, and that the late President Brigham Young addressed the congregation.

This was the condition of things Sunday July 8, 1849.

No hotel, sign-post, cake and beer shop, barber pole, market house, grocery, provision, dry goods or hardware store distinguished one part of the town from another; not even a bakery or medicine sign was anywhere discernible.

For the meteorological information of

Utah at this time we are indebted to the late W. W. Phelps, who, on the twentyfourth of August, 1849, ascended to the top of Mount Nebo, and made observations respecting Utah for the Smithsonian Institution at Washington, D. C.

Beta.

TRANSLATIONS.

Nee verbum verbo curabls reddereJidus Intcrpres.—Horace.

Nor word for word translate with painful care.

It was a celebrated egotism of James

Macpherson, that "a translator who cannot equal his original, is incapable of expressing its beauties."However much vanity may object to such a confession, it is nevertheless true, to a certain extent, as many a weak paraphraser has felt.

But on the other hand, it has sometimes happened that men of acknowledged genius have signally failed in translating the thoughts of authors, much their inferiors in literay ability.

It has also occurred that translators have absorbed and destroyed the individuality of their primitives, as was the case of Macpherson and of Moore, both of whom so enlarged and beautified their originals, that the latter were only to be seen by a close examination.

Like some plain, unadorned buildings, which the tastes of the owners have induced to enlarge and embellish, they are so amplified and decorated with modern elegances, that the first plan or conception is almost lost.

Many distinguished writers have exercised their abilities on the bagatelle of

Adrian, entitled An Address to his Soul;

with how much success may be seen,when it is known that there is not a translation of it in our language which is not either false or puerile.

The verses contain a very fine sentiment, and are written with great tenderness and simplicity.

If any of our young friends are ambitious enough to try their skill on them, they may do so.

If they fail they have good company to keep them in countenance.

The lines are subjoined with Lord Byron's rendition.

Adrian's address to his soul.

Animula! vagula, blandula, Hospes comesque corporis, Quae nunc abidls in /oca—

Pallidulii, rigida, nudula, Nee, ut soles, dabis jocis?

THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

Ah!

gentle, fleeting, wav'ring sprite,

Friend and associate of this clay

To what unknown region borne Wilt thou now wing, thy distant flight?

No more with wonted humor gay,

But pallid, cheerless and forlorn.

Horace has a noble thought in an ode of the third book, which has been translated by many; but as far as we have seen, by none with any degree of ability.

The classical Addison produced a version of it, which has no other claim to respect, than that it was written by the author of Cato.

Byron attempted it in the "Hours of Idleness,"with like success, and Goldsmith cites a translation of the same, which he characterizes as "drawling, feeble, and swoln with pleonasm."Perhaps a copy of the original, with an Utonian rendition may be not uninteresting.

It is claimed that the sense is given here, though the Mantuan bard undoubtely loses in force and beauty of expression.

CARMEN III.

Justum ac tenacem proposite vimm

Non civium ardor prava jubentium,

Non vultus instantis tyra?ini Mente quatlt solida, neque Auster,

Dux inquietl turbidus Hadrlae,

Neefulmlnantis magna manus yovis:

Sifractus illabatur orbis, Impavidum ferient ruinae.

The man of just and firm intent,

From fixed resolve can ne'er be bent

Though faction's enmity enthrall,

And frown of tyrant on him fall,

Not Hadria's storms his mind can shake,

Nor Jove's almighty thunders break.

Though earth, in ruins round him fell,

Still would his soul all fear repel.

We subjoin the following translation of the thirteenth Epode as a specimen of the Horatian philosophy.

He adopted the maxim of Epicurus, that pleasure constitutes the highest happiness, and must consequently be the end of all human exertions.

It may be mentioned that when the annexed was "done"into

English, we were unacquainted with that dictum of Macpherson's, which was mentioned at the beginning of this paper.

CARMEN XIII.

A horrid tempest blots the sky,

And wintry storms drive furiously

Now swelling seas, now bending woods,

Boreas sweeps with roaring floods.

Friends, let us seize while yet we may Occasion from this lucky day And while our limbs with ease are bent,

And fitness smile on our intent,

Let sadness fly, and gloomy care

Be banished from our atmosphere.

Bring thou the wine, which then was press'd,

When our Torquatus consul was Of adverse things speak not at all "Into each life some rain must fall."

Perhaps the Gods may yet restore,

With kindliest change, affairs of yore.

Now with the Persian balm we pour,

It pleases to be sprinkled o'er,

And with Cyllenian lyre to free

Our breasts from dull anxiety.

Thus Chiron to Achilles sung "Oh, mortal youth, from Thetis sprung!

The hand of Assaracus wide, Which small Scamander's streams divide,

And smooth Simois, yet awaits The man foredoomed by adverse fates.

From thence, for thee, is no return The thread which holds thy life doth burn

Nor has thy mother power to roam,

To rescue and conduct thee home.

There free each ill with wine and song, The soothers that to care belong

Beppo.

THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

The deed of trust from President Brigham Young, of the premises of the institution now bearing his name, is dated

Oct. 16, 1875.

That day, therefore, may be regarded as the birthday of the Brigham Young Academy.

The same building, however, had been employed for school purposes, since April, 1870, an organization having been effected by the

Board of Regents of the University of Deseret, as a branch of that institution, and known as the "Timpanogos Branch of the Deseret University."On the day, however, from which our

i8o THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

history strictly dates, President Brigham

Young transferred the building and grounds, covering an area of one hundred and eighty seven square rods to the following named trustees;—Hons.

A.

O.

Smoot, William Bringhurst, Leonard E.

Harrington, Wilson H. Dusenberry, Mrs.

Martha J. Coray, Myron Tanner Esq., and Harvey H. Cluff Esq.

The conditions expressed by the donor were that from the commencement, the

Academy should be regarded as a Latterday

Saints institution, and that all regulations should be in accordance with the principles of the Church.

To convey an adequate idea of President Young's intention we quote from the deed of trust:—"The beneficiaries of this Academy shall be members in good standing in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, or shall be the children of such members, and each of the boys who shall take a full course, if his physical ability will permit, shall be taught some branch of mechanism that shall be suitable to his taste and capacity; and all pupils shall be instructed in reading, penmanship, orthography, grammar, geography and mathematics, together with such branches as are usually taught in an

Academy of learning, and the Old and New Testaments, the Book of Mormon and the Book of Doctrine and Covenants shall be read and their doctrines inculcated in the Academy."The first meeting of the board took place Nov. 22, 1875, at which Hon. A.

O. Smoot was elected President, Hon.

Wilson H. Dusenberry Secretary, and Harvey H.

Cluff Esq. Treasurer.

In pursuance to a resolution adopted at this meeting to proceed at once to carry out the provisions of the deed, the first term's session opened January, 1876, with Prof. Warren N.

Dusenberry as Principal.

At the close of this term Prof. Karl G.

Maeser was employed as Principal, and duly commenced his first terms'session April 24, 1876, with a total attendance of sixty-three pupils.

These two terms are regarded as preparatory to the regular work, and the academic time is reckoned from the first academic year dating August, 1876.

Thus was the B.

Y.

Academy founded, and thus did it commence.

From that lime it has been ever growing, until we find the attendance such to-day that students have to be refused admittance for lack of room, and all connected herewith will consider this demonstration as a sign, associated with many others, that the blessings of God have been and are with the Brigham Young Academy.

With the first academic year Prof. M.

H.

Hardy was engaged as assistant teacher, and took the position of head teacher of Intermediate Department, the

Academic and Normal Departments, being under the special charge of the Principal.

The provisions specified have been carried on from the first, wherever practicable.

The Bible and Church Works have been included among the text books on every annual circular.

This short sketch, then, will serve as an explanation of the position of this institution.

Its colors are flying before all as an institution of the Latter-day Saints, and any not of the Church who choose to attend know that the whole organization is of the Latter-day

Saints'nature.

Still, the number of outsiders in attendance increases every year, clearly showing the respect with which the professions of the Academy are received.

Our next article will be devoted to sketching the plan of internal organization upon which the institution, is working.

Jas. E. Talmage.

Whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life it will rise with us in the resurrection.

Joseph Smith.

We live in an age of over mental culture. We neglect too much simple, healthful outer life, in which there is so much positive joy.

In turning to the world without, in studying ourselves as men, we almost forget to look up to heaven and warm to the smile of God.

We are frequently told that we must become as children to enter into the kingdom of heaven; methinks we should also become as children to know what delight there is in our heritage of earth.

Bulwer.

YOUNG WOMEN.

YOUNG WOMEN.

What young women do, and do not do.

What their mothers and grandmothers used to do.

What the mothers of the future are likely to do, and to be.

These are fruitful topics of conversation and criticism, and form the groundwork of many an article in the journals of the day.

We are all very apt to indulge somewhat freely in the worship of the past, and "auld lang syne"somehow touches tenderly a fine-strung chord in the human heart; but we who are living and acting now, have really very much more occasion to make the present beautiful and attractive, than to gaze backward and rehearse over the sayings and doings of other periods, and long after the past.

The work of women in that age was a part of the time, and a natural result of their surroundings and the state of society in which they lived.

And ours to day is perhaps a step in advance and what we are doing pertains to the present and will have its bearing upon those who are to come after us, the next generation, as the doings of the past has upon us;

strange if our posterity should glance backward with the same idol-worship of the age in which we are living, and with the workings of which some of us seem to be so dissatisfied.

But this is said to be an age of idleness for women, comparatively speaking, there are so many facilities for lightening labor;

and even our babies now-a-days not only have cradles but carriages, whereas but a short time ago we had always to carry them in our arms.

A long time ago in the days of our grandmothers every young lady was expected to know how to card and spin, if not to weave, in addition to her knowledge of all other household employments and knitting was an indispensable requisite in any young girl's qualifications it was the work that could always be relied upon in case all other work gave out.

In fact it became proverbial, that no young woman should many until she had a pillow-case full of stockings of her own knitting, and usually of her own spinning.

Bed and table linen of one's own work were also essential.

Spinning flax on a little wheel was considered in those primitive days the finishing offof a young lady's domestic accomplishments,and it is really an industry requiring skill.

I well remember my grandfather telling me, "Ladies spun on the little wheel"(with great emphasis on the word ladies).

I knew well what he meant, although everything of the kind was done in factories then;

I had often seen the funny little wheel in the garret, and been told it belonged to my great-grandmother, and I remember distinctly, when a little girl, of trying to convert it into a rocking horse, fancying the handful of flax which still clung to the spindle was the mane.

If I had not decided to write about what women do, and don't do, and used to do, and are going to do, I could tell you a long story about other interesting curiosities in that same garret, where I played with the little wheel for a horse, on which my foremothers had spun the very linen with which the family closets were filled; but withal I will say, that there were many relics of former days there, that gave me a particular love for garrets, which clings to me still.

Now- a-days such things go to a second-hand store, a term I never really appreciated the practical meaning of until of late.

But we will go back to the spinning and leave the garrets for another time.

Our forefathers thought there could not be a more beautiful picture than a pretty woman, sitting carelessly at the little wheel spinning flax; drawing out the shining threads with taper fingers,while the dainty foot in openwork stocking and old-fashioned sandal, showing to the'best advantage, rested on the treadle.

I have heard it averred, that many a bashful, sunbrowned sweetheart, has been induced to declare his love and urge his suit, at sight of his inamorata spinning flax at the little wheel.

More proposals of marriage have likely been made beside the spinning wheel than at the piano.

Perhaps it is owing to the industrial tone of the occupation, for matrimony savors of labor.

Men are not apt to look upon

IS2 YOUNG WOMEN.

the piano as a desirable article of household furniture, or as any addition to domestic happiness;

albeit many women earn their own living, hardly enough too, by teaching instrumental music;

and there are men who barely tolerate a piano in the house, because wife or daughter has entreated them to buy it.

I have heard men make bold to say, even in this age of culture, they preferred to see women play upon the washboard this is the class of men I ween who would use the money earned by the industrious,devoted wife to purchase cigars or tobacco.

But lest we wander away from the theme of spinning, and spin out a long dissertation upon men and women's opinions of each other, we will go badk to the spinning wheel, and the every day pursuits of women; say what we will about the beauty and utility of the distaff and the spindle, this age of progress has left them far behind in the dim distance, and they only live in the recollection of our young ladies in connection with poetic legends and lovestories. Many other once essential household labors are supplanted by the mechanical work of machinery of modern invention, until one wonders comparing the past with the present, how it is there is so much still left for woman's busy fingers to do, and that there seems to be so little time in which to perform the work of the household.

Well, as young women can't spin, because forsooth there is no spinning to do, and as knitting is out of date, and sewing done up in a hurry on a machine, instead of wearing away one's self at it till midnight and past, women ought to have plenty of time to read, and go to bed early.

It used to be common for the mother to do all the family sewing, and darning, and mending after papa and the children were in bed; this does not date far back;

but there is little need of it now, and women, mothers especially, may save the vitality which used to be expended in fine hemming and stitching, etc., and it will possibly be a benefit to the future race.

Not that one should be idle, but not over-worked as women necessarily have been in former times.

Common sense tells us that young women, or we will say mothers, cannot hold out to work so many more hours than the day laborer;

and yet this has often been the case.

What is the result—the mother breaks down, grows prematurely old, or succumbs altogether, leaving her family to grow up without her tender, loving care, and the world calls it "a dispensation of divine providence."Let us be thankful, that some of the burdens of woman's life have been relieved by the spirit of progress;

I am sure we have great reason to be.

Who of us for instance, and more especially our daughters would like to cook over a fireplace as we did in the early days in Utah?

Methinks I see spme of those girls looking back thirty, or even twenty-five years, and see their mothers piling coals on the bake-kettle with baby (perchance the identical young lady) in her aims.

Why it actually makes me all in a heat to think of it.

That day is past, and now what?

well what! one taken up from another century and set down in this, would wonder how we occupied our time; and yet we hear women every daysaying,"I have so much to do."Well one's needs or wants increase as civilization reaches a higher state, and all that implies work to keep up with the times; still where we used to have to scrub floors, we now have carpets, and if we wear more ruffles and flounces, we do not do half of the embroidering in lace, muslin and linen that our grandmothers did.

We bake more cakes, and make more pastry, which is a very great drawback, for as a compensation, we get peevish and dyspeptic, and low-spirited in proportion.

We ought to eat our fruit, without pastry to make us sick, and dispense with rich cakes altogether either for ourselves or company.

That would be one step towards economy in health and expense, and we should have so much the more time to read, instruct our children or exchange friendly intercourse with our neighbors.

In commencing this article I said, what young women do, and do not do;

that was the first paragraph, and the last to be woven into the chapter.

Well then it seems to me. that the young ladies of to-

THOUGHTS.

*$s day do not appreciate their blessings.

Not that I think they mean to be at all ungrateful, but their surroundings are so pleasant^ and their associations so happy, in contrast with the past, that it is scarcely to be credited as real.

The opportunities for gaining knowledge, the facilities for culture, the many comforts and embellishments for the home, that beautify and give charm to domestic and social life, all these in detail add to their cup of blessings; and if they are wise and lay up treasures of wisdom and understanding, now in the days of their youth, they may be much better qualified to fill the responsible positions of wife and mother, than those who have had so few advantages, and so many hardships to endure. Young ladies, believe me, you have work to do, which will require active exertion of brain and muscle; and though you will perhaps not have the opportunity of spinning on the little wheel, you will find needful work lying all around you.

Mothers ought to devote a goodly portion of the time in teaching their children by the fireside, and in my soul I pity that woman, who thinks the work, which must be left undone when she is gone, of more consequence than the moral or spiritual lessons she is capable of imparting to her offspring.

The young women of to-day are well informed in regard to the duties of life.

If they act according to the light which has been given to them, there is scarcely anything in the power of woman to do, but they may succeed in accomplishing.

This is designated an age of refinement and culture; and a school education is attainable by all;

certainly the superior advantages enjoyed must have a tendency to lift up and elevate, unless there is correspondingly strong counteracting influences, detracting and bearing downwards.

Whatever forces of this kind may exist they ought not to affect in any great degree the Latter-day Saints, whose principles of faith, and knowledge of the truths of heaven, should lift them above the seducing allurements that hinder the onward and upward progression of society in the world.

Then what conclusion shall we arrive at?

Why, consequently that the condition of woman to-day is much better in every respect than in the days of our grandmothers, and that the women of the future, will, judging from the outlook of the present, far surpass us who are now upon the stage of action.

Woman is learning to think, act and reason for herself, not to hang her conscience on another, or pin her faith to the sleeve of any one.

Young girls are beginning to comprehend that employment, suited to the capacity of woman by which she may earn an independent living, is much more womanly,than depending upon some male relative for maintenance and support.

Besides many women are suddenly left helpless and alone, by the death of husband or father, and how desolate under such circumstances will she be who has never been taught self-dependenece.

This is one of the lessons thoughtful women are learning to-day, and it will be a legacy better than wealth, for it will not take wings and fly away.

Then success to the young lady of the age, if she cannot spin flax at the little wheel, she can make a far prettier picture, with her intelligent face, when she sits with the crown of motherhood upon her thoughtful brow, caressing her first baby.

Amethyst.

THOUGHTS.

My thoughts!

What are they?

As varied and changeable'as the sounds of the electric magnet, which convey to the soul a meaning of untold strength and power.

Can I, in an intelligent and partially satisfactory manner, portray my thoughts for the purpose of placing them before the critical eyes of the experienced public?

Even as I write, when all nature seems lulled into repose, many thoughts, suggestive of the all-wise and over-ruling power of God, the many in-

GIVING ADVICE.

tricate and wonderful workings of His influential power, fill my soul with an insatiable thirst for a more extensive knowledge of Him.

He is our Creator, and to Him we are indebted for the embodiment of mental and physical strength, for every natural trait, talent and faculty with which we are endowed; but to us is entrusted the cultivation and exercise of them.

If we find by investigating the strange composition of our natures, that marked attention to a certain characteristic is our chief dependence, in forming a sound basis to an honorable and judicious course in life, we want to control and bring it under strict subjection to our will.

We want to act upon some substantial foundation that will aid us in doing good, and prepare us for the realities and responsibilities of life.

We are placed upon this earth for some purpose—some useful purpose—and to perform our mission we feel the necessity of placing our dependence on something more powerful than ourselves.

We look to Him, our mighty God, for comfort and aid in hours of trial, and how sweet the influence of His power is to those who feel that to Him is confided the secrets of life.

When we contemplate the little acts and expressions which assist the progress of life, we must not ignore our duties towards each other, and feel that we are independent creatures, who can live successfully and happily without the respect and confidence of our fellow beings.

We should support and strengthen each other in all progressive labors, cultivate the higher faculties of the mind, that we may be instruments in promoting the cause of improvement, which is a matter of important consideration to all.

We have been organized into societies for the purpose of bringing into exercise all the noble attributes of the soul, to build each other up in intelligence and morality, and prepare ourselves for future usefulness.

If we do not possess every advantage of scholastic learning, let us at least endeavor to appreciate the blessings and opportunities afforded us in connection with our Mutual Improvement Association.

yame.

GIVING ADVICE.

It is a little singular that in spite of our well-known relish for proffering advice, we should be adverse to receiving it; however avaricious we may be, advice is the one thing we are happy to part with, in season and out of season, perhaps because we are certain that the supply is inexhaustible, and we are sure of payment sooner or later.

In giving it we feel a sense of superiority, an inflation of personal importance;

in accepting it we acknowledge the wisdom of another.

In the meanwhile the most of us, without soliciting advice, have it thrust upon us, and in such allopathic doses that were we to use it all we should have no leisure for anything else.

We are advised not only how to control our servants, as if they were in the habit of controlling us but how to keep our temper, as if we were in the habit of losing it;

while giving advice is the most subtile form of self-flattery, taking it is an example of the most permanent humility; but perhaps there is nothing more exasperating in a small way, than being advised to follow the course which we had already predetermined upon, while the mentor or tormentor, carries the credit of the happy result to his own account.

The majority of us swallow this tidbit as we would some nauseous drug, with a wry face, and a longing for something to take # the taste out of our mouth, and those who lavish it upon us receive little gratitude, since it is reckoned a doubtful generosity to give that which is useful to ourselves, which requires no sacrifice of us, which we are, in fact, glad to dispose of as so much rubbish;

and though many bestow advice under protest, as a matter of conscience, yet if every donation of this nature were accompanied with a neuralgic twinge, an attack of gout or malaria, and did not, instead, leave the donor with a pleasurable sense of duty fulfilled, benefit conferred, and superiority acknowledged, we should not so often be calletl upon to accept that which we never intended to use.

The young mother or housekeeper is unfortunate in being more bountifully provided with this article, perhaps, than any

AN EPISODE OF HISTORY.

other of her sex: nobody is too ignorant or inexperienced to add to the burden;

she who has never had a house to keep, or, having had one, has never kept it;

she who has never known the care of children, or, having known that responsibility, has adroitly shirked it, is as opulent in advice as if she had herself received a legacy from her friends, and was anxious to share it with all mankind.

Selected.

AN EPISODE OF HISTORY.

'So truth be in the field, let her and falsehood grapple!"

Milton.

'Tis years ago—how long, the legend saith,

But Mars in dire ascendent then did reign,

His banner trailed o'er Europe's fertile fields,

Thus tracked on either hand his horrid march Sacked cities, fire and death, no pomp of war

Could hide, nor all its music drown the cries Of those bereft, the voice of widows, orphans,

Rushing o'er the earth, as if ten thousand

Hurricanes combined, had swept along,

And turned to discord,—Paradise again

Upon the silvery sea, Beneath the tropic's calm and quiet skies,

Where balmy hours glide sweetly on, and every

Breeze is perfumed, bearing far perennial

Nature's lavished sweets, as if to cool man's

Fevered heart and brain, to soothe him back.to peace E'en here—the demon bared his hideous head As prowling o'er those glassy deeps, he black

Destruction sought 'Twas night;—

A British man-of-war was cruising round

In search of prey.

The sea, as if asleep, But gently moaned;

while countless glowing stars From heaven's clear swelling dome, repeated o'er Their beauty in the deep God's silence wide Around, but whispered—Peace!

Till in the gray of dawn, and scarcely seen

An object to the fore, a hostile vessel

Seemed, soon she was hailed,—no answer came;

Then hailed again; no answer still;—quick As the word could pass, all hands are 'roused The signal gun swift fires a shot across

Her saucy bows,—still no reply Again The thunder rolls, and right amidship flies The iron hail,—and yet—no word

Defiance, Only silence could import Then hurried trampling o'er The crowded decks, and muffled sounds the thorough "Ready"bears for action cleared, with demon

Vigor every gun, is belching forth its fire And molten hail Still no reply Naught heard But rattling shot, rebounding, falling, sinking 'Neath the heedless sea!

With tropic suddenness the morning beamed,

No passing ship of timber, cordage, canvass,

Driven by the wind, or dancing o'er the waves The gazers eyes salute, but stern and stately,

Based on the world's foundations, (nature's freak) Uplifting high above the crested wave

Its lordly head, behold; "A Massive Rock!"

Not made amenable to man-of-war

Of man's device, or e'en disturbed, though

Surging waves for ever at its base

Secure.

It might have laughed to scorn a myriad

Forces all combined, then, stood unmoved!

With deep chagrin for blasted hopes, And power mis-spent, the sails are spread, perchance Again to find, when nearest success seemed

Mistaken all And such, (thought I) is Truth;

Firm as a rock in life's great ocean placed,

Yet oft unseen;

if seen, 'tis through the gray Of prejudice and lies, this brings man's feeble

Batteries to bear (and like the eternal Breaking waves) the generations of the past,

Those now in being, thousands yet to come,

With force persistent strike that towering rock

Have sought, will seek, its representative Head to scar its broad and deep foundations

Undermine, so hurl it down to earth But all in vain Its glowing head soars far above the clouds

In heaven's glad sunshine bathed, with firm

Foundations in t he Father's purpose laid The breath of puny man (sometimes) cloud As smoke from battle fields the glorious

Landscape hides Time shall exhale all mists and fog

While "Truth,"divine, enduring, bears her faithful Votaries back to happiness and God,

And laughs meanwhile at all who aim, or hope,

Or e'er attempt to stay, or far defer

That triumph which the Gods decreed H.

IV. Naisbitt.

i86 EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, March, 1881.

SWEARING.

Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy

God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh His name in vain.

Exodus, xx, 7.

In nothing is language so polluted as in taking the name of Deity in vain.

When low, vulgar, and slang words and phrases are used, our sense of propriety and modesty is shocked, but when the sacred name of God is lightly spoken, all the finer sensibilities of our natures are offended.

There is a reason for this, besides the consciousness that we have of a commandment being broken.

In the nature of men, respect for that which is superior is implanted, as one of the safeguards of life, and as an essential principle of government and social order.

Were it not for this inherent reverence it would be almost impossible to rear children to manhood, or to preserve their lives and secure their happiness in any of the stages of life from infancy to old age.

Obedience to counsel and instruction, necessary for safety and well being, would not be observed if we did not respect those whose experience and superiority qualify them to teach and direct us, and the consequences would inevitably be overwhelming and disastrous;

for what being is there, who is capable of caring for himself through the dangers of childhood, and of directing himself in the path of prosperity and progress, without the help of those who have gone the road before?

As our years of experience increase, the respect we entertain for others is either strengthened or weakened by our own conduct and the merits of those whose positions call for our reverence.

In the first instance, without any real falling away in the object of respect, we may, through our own folly, cease to revere or appreciate it.

This comes through the loss of self respect.

When we reach that condition in the downward course of life that we do not respect ourselves, it is difficult if not impossible for us to regard others.

This state of being is one of the most to be lamented, and is brought about as much by the pollution of language as by any other cause.

We have known boys at school to fall into the habit of exaggeration, to such an extent that their statements to others lost all credibility and were unheeded, it being a common thing for their friends to say to them, "I don't know whether you are telling the truth or not."Thus, when most sincere, they were doubted, and it either had the effect of reforming them, or to cause them, with persistent stubbornness to maintain, by more forcible exaggeration, the warped statements they had made.

Generally, in pursuing the latter course; an oath would finally be resorted to, and the habit of swearing established as necessary to give credence to their utterances, even the most trivial they might feel called upon to make.

An oath carelessly uttered to substantiate an ordinary statement in conversation fails to have that effect, though the person uttering it may be blind enough to believe that it does.

With most hearers the effect is just the opposite.

We know of no better reason to doubt a statement than that it requires an oath to strengthen it.

Truth, uttered by the most ignorant, never requires any such prop.

It is perfectly capable of standing alone, and the more simply it is expressed, the stronger it appears.

The habitual use of oaths, therefore, may be said to destroy the credibility of statements made by those addicted to the habit.

Such are consequently no longer respected by others, and if they will reflect a little, we believe they will acknowledge their self respect is greatly lessened, as well.

In speaking of oaths, it might be asked

EDITORIAL.

what kind of swearing is meant.

In ordinary use, we think the definition of swearing, received at our mothers'knees in childhood, applies; and we are sure if it were observed the language of our times would be much purified.

We have, perhaps, all heard it:

"Never say by, anything."The utter uselessness of swearing is enough to condemn it.

One of Sidney Smith's anecdotes strikingly shows this the substance is as follows:

While riding in a stage coach, with a company of gentlemen they became engaged in telling stories.

One of the number was most profuse in the use of oaths, sandwiching every necessary expression of his narrative with an altogether unnecessary oath.

When Mr.

Smith's turn came, he proceeded in the same manner as the gentleman before him, only using the following words, "Sugar tongs and pitchforks,"instead of the frightful oaths.

At the conclusion of the narrative the swearing gentlemen remarked that it was a very pleasant story, "Very pleasant story,'Mr.

Smith, but I don't see what 'Sugar tongs and pitchforks'has to do with it."The famous wit replied that he thought "Sugar tongs and pitchforks"had quite as much to do with his story as the oaths used by the gentleman himself had to do with his, and said, finally, that that was his way of swearing.

The • inelegance and uselessness of swearing should be sufficient reason for its abandonment, but where they are not, the criminality of the habit ought to be so impressed upon swearers as to influence them against it.

Besides the commandment expressly given forbidding the profanation of Deity, and the injunction of the Savior to "'swear not at all,"provision has been made in all times, for holding the sacred name in reverence.

In all the administrations of the

Priesthood, great care is manifested to preserve His name from being commonly spoken.

The high Priesthood has received a peculiar name, by which it is called.

The reason assigned for it is that the name of the Lord may not too frequently be repeated in the ceremonies of the Church.

We think, however, that the observance of this rule is often neglected, particularly with young speakers.

With them the name of the Almighty is sometimes uttered in a short speech so many limes, that if they would examine themselves and note the frequency of its employment in their preaching, they would be alarmed.

There is hardly any other word they use so commonly as the one it is the Divine pleasure they should hold in sacred reserve.

While simple speech, the power to clothe our thoughts in language, is the great, distinctive, divine gift of man, it is the one least appreciated by many.

The abuses of that means of intercourse with our fellows are so glaring and universal that except in the best circles of society, it is to be met everywhere.

Slang, vulgarity, duplicity and swearing are the common forms in which words are misused.

Of course there can be no reason given for indulging in any of these perversions of language.

All that can be said to excuse them is that it is habit, customary among acquaintances, etc.

The young men of Zion are expected to improve in their language as much as in anything else.

There is as great room for improvement in this particular as in any other, perhaps more.

The young men who are to-day in the Utah penitentiary afford an example that ought to have its influence upon those subject to the habit of swearing.

The awful and profane uses of the name of the Savior and the Almighty which they make in their low conversation, almost curdles the blood of those who hear and have any respect for sacred things.

Many of these prisoners are there for their first offense;

perhaps drawn into a cattle stealing scrape by others, in whose society their foul language has brought them.

The fearlessness with which they would utter an oath, by way of braggadocio, in the presence of some older and more hardened swearer, had the effect of allying the two together, not only in their foul expressions, but in criminal acts, for which they now suffer the penalty of the law.

We have no doubt that the origin of many crimes committed in this Territory could be traced to the early habit of

1 88 CORRESPONDENCE.

swearing, by which, as has been shown, self-respect and respect for others is lost, leaving the poor victim of a bad habit alone, to steer his course through life, or subject to the counsels of others no better than himself, whose schemes are sure to involve him in trouble.

Preserve your language in its purity.

Make your words express your thoughts, and emphasize them by the rules of rhetoric, instead of the use of extraneous, foul, soul-corrupting oaths.

In this way you lay a mighty corner stone in the foundation of your life's character; winning the respect and attention of others, who wait upon your words with delight, and satisfying yourself in your power of expression, while you glorify God in the purity of your language, which sanctifies the gift of speech.

CORRESPONDENCE.

THE REYNOLDS CASE.

Ogden, February 17, 1881.

Editor Contributor:

Your article entitled "A Living Martyr"which appeared in No.

5. of the Contributor, reminds me of a feature of Brother George Reynolds'case which is, perhaps, worthy of notice in this connection—that is the means resorted to by the United States Supreme Court to ascertain the meaning of the word "religion"as employed in Article One of the Amendments to the Constitution.

The court says: "The word 'religion'is not defined in the Constitution.

We must go elsewhere, therefore, to ascertain its meaning, and nowhere more appropriatly, we think, than to the history of the times in the midst of which the provision was adopted."They then give the history of the adoption of the amendment, and from the language of Jefferson and others who were instrumental in having the provision accepted, conclude that the word as employed by them had reference to the opinions of men, only, and that their actions were not included within its meaning.

That the court erred in their conclusion as to the sense in which Jefferson and others really employed the word, is clearly demonstrated by Brother Cannon in his exhaustive review of its dicision, and that the means resorted to by them to ascertain the definition of the word was in contravention of well settled legal principles is equally demonstrable.

They departed from principles which are not only well settled, but which are in constant application by that distinguished tribunal, and which, it therefore, seems singular that they should overlook.

What Mr. Jefferson did or did not understand to be the meaning of the word, ought not to have influenced the court;

other men have entertained different views, and the majority of those who adopted the amendment may have differed from both, hence it is the meaning of the majority that must be sought after, and it has long been settled that the views of even the leading speakers upon a question under debate, are not safe guides to the meaning of the majority.

It is because it is seldom that a majority debate a question, yet it is presumed that every man entertains his pecular views which influence him to vote for, or against a measure, and it is in this respect, as is frequently the case with courts consisting of several members—they arrive at, and concur in the same conclusion, but for very different reasons.

Mr. Chief Justice Taney, of the U. S.

Supreme Court, in the case of Aldrig vs.

Williams (3 Howard's U.

S.

Reports, p. 24), expresses the law on this subject.

He says: "In expounding this law, the judgment of the court cannot in any degree be influenced by the construction placed upon it by individual members of

Congress in the debate which took place on its passage, nor by the motives or reasons assigned by them for supporting or opposing the amendments that were offered."See also Cal. 425: 28 lb.

95:

John's 380, 395:

Peter's 661:

CORRESPONDENCE.

1 Kent's com. 462: Opinions Att'y Gen'l (writs) 444, 445.

On the other hand there is a well settled rule for construing and interpreting laws.

It is in constant application by all the courts of the country, and, had it been followed in Brother Reynolds'case, it could have but led to a different conclusion.

The rule is, that unless it appears upon the face of the law to be construed that words have been employed in a technical sense, it is presumed that they were employed in their natural and ordinary meaning.

Says the Supreme Court of California upon this subject:

"It is a universal rule of construction, that courts must find the intention of the legislature in the statute itself.

Unless some grounds can be found in the statute, for restraining or enlarging the meaning of its general words, they must receive a general construction and the courts cannot arbitrarily subtract from or add thereto."(Tynan vs.

Walker Cal. 642) Mr. Cooley in his "Costitutional Limitations,"upon this same subject says:

"In interpreting clauses we must presume that words have been employed in their natural and ordinary meaning."Mr. Chief Justice Marshall of the U. S.

Supreme Court in the case of "Gibbons vs. Ogden"(9 Wheaten 184) says: "The framers of the Constitution and the people who adopted it, must be understood to have employed words in their natural sense, and to have understood what they meant."Mr.

Cooley upon this same subject further says:

"It is possible however that after we shall have made use of all the lights, which the instrument itself affords, there may still be doubts to clear up, and ambiguities to explain.

Thus and only thus are we warranted in seeking elsewhere for aid."It appears then, that, if a word has a commonly accepted definition, courts must presume that it was employed in that sense, unless the contrary appears upon the face of the law itself.

There is nothing upon the face of Art.

1, Amendments to the Constitution, which indicates that the word "religion"was employed in any other than its ordinary meaning. Nor can it be contended that it has not an ordinary meaning, because all the authorities (so far as I am aware) from the Bible to the "Law Dictionary"concur in our general definition, and that includes the actions and feelings of men toward God and their fellow men instead of opinion merely.

If we open Bouvier's "Law Dictionary"we find the following definition:

"Real piety in practice, consisting in the performance of all known duties to God and our fellow men."There would seem to be something more than mere opinion couched within that definition of the word, for certainly it will not be contended that we can perform all our duties to God and our fellows, without any physical effort.

His first commandment requires the exercise of our physical faculties.

When He created man "male and female,"He commanded them to be fruitful, and to multiply and replenish the earth, and to subdue it, which cannot be accomplished by the mere exercise of our mental faculties, however "fruitful"our imaginations may be.

The practical husbandman, at least, appreciates the fact that it takes "muscle"to eradicate the thorns and thistles, and prepare the earth to receive the seeds, plants and vines, and bring forth the grains and fruits which are essential to our comfort and happiness.

St. James tells us that pure and undefiled religion is this: "To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."It might be consoling even to poor and afflicted widows and orphans to know that we entertain a good opinion of them, but a sack of flour and a ton of coal would go much farther toward alleviating their distress in the majority of cases, and I apprehend this is something in the nature of the "visits"contemplated by St. James.

Certain it is that we cannot even make a formal "visit"without a physical effort.

Webster tells us that "religion"is the "recognition of God as an object of worship, love and obedience.""Any system of worship, as of the Hindoos, the

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Turks, or Christians:

true and false religion."He tells us that religion, as distinguished from theology, is subjective, designating the feelings and acts of men which relate to God; while theology is objective, and denotes the ideas which man entertains respecting the God he worships.

Vattel's "Law of Nations,"Chambers'Encyclopedia and others are to the same purport, and this is the sense in which the people are presumed to have employed the word when they adopted the amendment.

If this view of the law is correct then the only question which arises is, how far a man can pursue his religious duties without violating the "penal code."

This subject has been settled by the judiciary of the several states, and, as thedicisions now stand, Brother Reynolds would have been exempt from prosecution, within any state of the Union—but I am trespassing too much upon your space and will close.

N. Tanner, Jr.

London, Feb.

18, 1881.

Editor Contributor:

Dear Brother.—Enclosed I send you a brief account of our labors in this country in the interest of the young.

Knowing the benefit derived from our Mutual Improvement Associations at home, we felt desirous of seeing the Saints in London enjoying the same blessings.

You will see by the account of the inauguration meeting that we departed from the instructions in the Contributor, but it would be almost impossible to make two organizations at present.

All seem to enjoy their meetings splendidly, and I hope and trust good will be the result.

The Utah Elders in the London Conference now number fourteen, and a very great majority,- if not all, are Mutual Improvement members, and

I think that it is the same with all the conferences in the mission.

I labored down in Sussex, a district well known to yourself, for about eleven months, and often heard your name mentioned by the Saints.

There seems to be an increase of the spirit of gathering among the Saints, and all who are enjoying the spirit of the Gospel are putting forth every effort to free themselves from Babylon.

The professed Christianity that is preached by the different sects and creeds seems to be losing its influence, and infidelity is creeping over the minds of the people, and.

especially among the young.

The people have been tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine so long that they are losing all love for truth, if they ever had any.

They little realize that the Lord is gathering a people out from their midst to a place which He has appointed, and where they are building the great Zion of the latter-days, where Christ will come to His Temple; but they will have to acknowledge it some day, and we can well afford to wait the time of the Lord.

Praying God to bless you in your labors, I remain, your brother in the Gospel, Joseph C. Bentley.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

LONDON M. I. A.

The following is a brief account of the organization of a Mutual Improvement Association, at 42 Penton Street, Pentonville Road, London, England.

Meeting called to order by President Samuel Roskelley.

After the usual opening exercises, Prest. Roskelley arose and said the object of meeting together was to get the young organized into a Mutual Improvement Association, that they might become better acquainted with the principles of the Gospel, and develop those talents in the young which are now lying dormant.

He read from the Doctrine and Covenants, page new edition.

Spoke of the importance of gaining knowledge and intelligence while in this life.

Said that owing to the scattered condition of the Saints in this city, and the few that would be able to attend, he thought it would be better to organize

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

the young men and young ladies into one

Association, and let the president of the Association choose a young man and a young lady for his counselors, also have two secretaries, a male and a female.

After the remarks of Prest. Roskelley, fifteen names were enrolled as members.

The election of officers then took place, resulting as follows, all being unanimously sustained:

Elder Joseph C. Bentley, President; Richard Crackles and Edith

F. Cornell, Secretaries; Alfred J. Cross,

Treasurer;

Brother Bentley afterward chose for his Counselors, Alfred J. Cross and Alice Crackles, who were also unanimously sustained.

It was then moved, and carried unanimously, that the Association subscribe for the Contributor, and that an account be sent to the same of the organization of this Association.

The'meeting was then dismissed by prayer.

Since the organization we have held our weekly meetings, and added several more names to the list, with a good prospect for still more.

The members are all taking a lively interest.

Richard Crackles, Edith Frances Cornell, Secretaries.

BOOK OF MORMON SUBJECTS.

{Concludedfrom last month.) 11. Death of Lehi;

separation of Nephi from Laman, (the two nations).

Nephi, iv.

12. The Temple.

2 Nephi, v.

(See Bible subject 39, prophetic dispensation.) 13. Laman's curse.

(B.

C.

570).

Nephi, v.

14. Jacob the recorder; death of Nephi.

(B. C. 545).

Jacob i.

15. Sherem, the anti-Christ;

hostilities of the Lamanites.

Jacob vii.

16. Discovery of Zarahemla by Mosiah; union of the people of Mosiah and

Zarahemla.

Omni i.

17. Account, in stone, of Coriantumr.

Omni i.

(See Subject 74, (2).

18.

King Benjamin's administration.

Omni i.

19. Mormon's introduction to the abridged part of the book, showing the preceding to be a copy.

Words of Mormon.

20. Administration of King Mosiah, the son of Benjamin.

(B. C. 124).

Mosiah i.

21. Zeniffs record;

explorations pursued by Zeniff;

possession by covenant of the lands of Lehi-Nephi. Mosiah ix.

22. Noah the king and Abinadi the prophet, (in the land of Nephi).

Mosiah xi, xviii.

23. Alma and the waters of Mormon.

Mosiah xviii.

24. Gideon and Limhi.

Mosiah xix, xxi.

25. Ammon.

Mosiah xxi, xxii.

26. Alma establishing churches in Zarahemla.

Mosiah xxv.

27. Mission of the Sons of Mosiah to the Lamanites.

Mosiah xxviii.

28. Mosiah's translation of the plates brought by Limhi.

Mosiah xxviii.

(See subject 72).

29.

Commencement of the Judges Alma the son of Alma, the first chief judge;

death of King Mosiah.

(See Bible subject 26, Mosaic dispensation).

(B. C. 91).

Mosiah xxix.

30. Nehor, (apostacy and priestcraft).

(B. C. 90).

Alma i.

31.

Battle of Sidon river.

Alma i.

32. Nephihah appointed chief judge;

mission of Alma, Gideon, Mulek and Ammonihah.

(B. C. 81).

Alma iv.

23Imprisonment and deliverance of

Alma and Amulek.

(B. C.

80).

Alma xv.

34. Return of the sons of Mosiah from the land of Nephi;

their account of their mission.

Alma xvii.

35. Lands of Desolation and Bountiful described.

Alma xxii.

36. The people of Ammon established in the land of Jershon.

Alma xxviii.

yj. Korihor, the great anti-Christ.

(B.

C. 73).

Alma xxx.

38.

Idolatry of the Zoramites.

Alma xxxv.

39. Moroni Commander-in-Chief.

Alma xliii.

40. Helaman, son of Alma. Alma xlv.

41. Departure of Alma.

Alma xlv.

42. Standard of Moroni.

(B.

C.

72).

Alma xlvi.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

43. Amalickiah, King of the Lamanites.

Alma xlvii.

44. Moroni's victorious campaign; his "line of defense."(B.

C.

69).

Alma xlviii, 1.

45. Monarchy vs. Republicanism.

(B.

C. 64).

Alma li.

46.

Brilliant victories of Generals Moroni,

Lehi and Teancum.

(B.

C.

60).

Alma lii, lv.

47. The two thousand young men of

Laman, called "Helaman's Sons."(B.

C. 59).

Alma lvi, lix.

48.

Epistles of General Moroni and Governor Pahoran; Zarahemla and Nephihah restored;

Death of General Teancum.

(B. C. 58).

Alma lx, lxii.

49. Resignation of General Moroni;

organization oT the Church and government restored; death of Helaman.

(B.

C. 54).

Alma lxii.

50. Death of Moroni; expeditions of

Hogoth; emigrations northward, (through the Isthmus).

(B. C. 52).

Alma lxiii.

51. Moronihah and Coriantumr.

Helaman i, ii.

52. Helaman, the son of Helaman and his two sons, Nephi and Lehi.

Helaman iii.

53. Missionary tour of the sons of Helaman; conversion of the Lamanites.

Helaman v.

54. "North and South,"or Mulek and Lehi.

Helaman vi.

55. Gadiantons band.

(B.

C.

47).

Helaman vi.

56.

The famine.

(B. C.

14).

Helaman xi.

57. Samuel the Lamanite prophet; prediction of the coming of Christ (in five years).

(B. C. 4.) Helaman xiii, xvi.

58. "Departure"of Nephi the son of

Helaman;

signs of the birth of Jesus Christ.

(B. C.

1).

3 Nephi i.

59. Nephitic calendar;

curse removed from the faithful Lamanites.

(A. D. 9).

3 Nephi ii.

60. Gathering of the people into Zarahemla and

Bountiful by instruction of Governor Lachoneus;

terrible battle between the Nephites under Gidgiddoni, and the Gadianton robbers under Giddianhi.

(A. D.

16).

3 Nephi iii.

61.

Classification; breaking up of the churches;

division of the people into tribes.

(A. D. 30).

3 Nephi iii.

62.

The tempest;

three days of darkness;

voice of Jesus Christ.

(A. D. 34).

3 Nephi ix.

63.

Descent of Jesus Christ among the people who were gathered around the

Temple in Bountiful; His commission to

Nephi and others; unfolding of His doctrines.

(A. D. 35).

3 Nephi xi.

64.

Calling of the Twelve Apostles and instituting of His supper.

(A. D.

35).

3 Nephi xi, xii, xviii).

(See New Testament subject No. 10).

65. Names of the Twelve Apostles;

their baptism;

Jesus again appears to them.

(A. D. 35).

3 Nephi xix.

66. The "Transfiguration;"the "three

Apostles"not to taste death.

(A. D.

35).

3 Nephi xxviii.

67. Universal brotherhood;

all things common; Church of Christ marvelously prospered.

(A. D. 35, no).

4 Nephi i.

68. "Mormon;"hiding of the records of Ammaron in the hill Shim.

(A. D.

320).

4 Nephi i; Mormon i.

69. Mormon Commander-in-Chief of the Nephite army.

(A. D. 326).

Mormon ii.

(During Mormon's administration the

Nephites were forced entirely from Central America into the land northward.) 70. Records hid in the hill Cumorah;

the last great battle.

(A. D. 384).

Mormon vi.

71. Moroni. (A. D.400). Mormon viii.

72. The Jaredites.

Book of Ether.

(See subject 28.) 72- Sealing up of the Records by Moroni.

(A. D. 421).

Moroni x.

74. Emigrations or Colonies.

1 Jared, Book of Ether;

2 Mulek, Zarahemla, subject 17, (Book Omni);

3 Lehi, main thread.

Words are things; and a small drop of ink, falling like dew upon a thought, produces that which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think.

Byron.

If a man gains more knowledge and intelligence, through his diligence and obedience in this life, than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come.

Joseph Smith.