Vol.

II.

l^EBRUARY, 1881.

r The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE REPRESENTING THE YOUi\G MEN'S AND YOUi\G LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMEJJT ASSOCIATIOXS

OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

OFFICE:

15 EAST TEMPLE STREET, PIKST DOOR NORTH OB

Z. C. M. I, TERMS:—Two Dollars a Year, in Advance.

Single Copies, Twenty Cknts.

Club Rates:—Associations getting up clubs of TEN will receive an extra copy, FREE;

for a club of FIFTEEN, Volume One, handsomely bound, will be gjven; and for a club, of TWENTY-FIVK, V^olume One and Volume Two, in uniform bindings, will be given.

Subscriptions will commence with the beg'inning of the volume, unless otherwise ordered.

Boimd copies of Volume Onf^ for sale, price $2.50.

Address:

JUNIUS F. Wells, P. O. Box 305, Salt Lake City, Utah.

RemilUitces should be made by P^ 0. Money Order or Registered Letter,

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1881.

PAGE.

Mexico and the Mexicans.

IV i Moses Thatcher I2g Ocean Currents Quebec..

Leaves from the Tree of Life.

Fifth Leaf.

C. W. Penrose Travels in Italy.

V.

Venice and Bologna De Vallibus The Nephites under the Judges.

I George Reyjiolds The University of Deseret.

V R. W.Sloan Chronicleso f Utah I Beta Home.

I.

Castle Building T.

The Spouting Well at Kane Jaquce The Day is Done Longfellow Editorial: A Living Maptyr Washakie and Friday Phrenological Journal....

Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference Book of Mormon Subjects {Alilton H. Hardy)

Fish Wagons, Buggies and Phaetons, 27ie World I^erhow-ned J.

I. Qase Ihreshing- Jdcbohines in three styles, Eclipse, jfipron or Vibrator, voith the celebrated (Pitts or Woodbury J'/Tounted or (I)owrh Cpovjer.

'The J.

I. Qase Chilled (Plows, Steel ^eam Plows and Harrows.

Jlvery Q-ang, BuVky and Walking Plows, Cultivators.

J_ I. Case '^Threshers and Horse Powers, Etc.

KELLY STEEL BARB FENCE WIRE, liotli MM M Uimi ^ I keep none but First dKs Goods, and Guarantee all I Sell.

SE:isrr> tcor teice xi£ o ei. her, JOHN W. LOWELL, JOHN W. LOWELL 06DEX.

SALT LAKE CITY.

JOHN W. LOWELL, Terminus U. & N. K. B.

AD VERTISEMENTS, jL.i mi |iS§iit fQQlii I MANUFACTURERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET.

iTeact to Tenxiian-g-s cSc Sons.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, P. O. Box 354.

IFroprietors, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

JOSLIN & PARK, Watcliinata, Jewelers i Optims.

Dealers in Watches, Clocks, Jewelry, Solid Silver and Silver Plated Ware for table. Ornamental service and

COMMUNION SETS.

JAKE HEUSSER, [Practical Grunsraith, IMPORTER AND DSALER IN ALL KINDS OF RIFLES, WITH EVERY MODERN IMPROVEMENT.

Our Line of Opticad Goods is Complete.

Sole Agents for JOHNSTON'S SPECTACLES.

Eyes Fitted by tf^e Patent Telescopic Eye Tester.

Manufacturing and Repairing in all branches by Skilful Workmen.

JOSLIN & PARK.

150 East Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

Breech and Muzzle Loading Shot Guns.

PISTOLS AND AMMUHITION OP EVERY DESCRIPTION.

A large variety of Fishing Tackle and Pocket Cutlery.

Rifle Clubs supplied with the best guns at liberal discount.

Regulation rules of the National Rifle Association kept on hand.

A Shooting Gallery,—Reduced 200 Yard Target,—on the Premises.

F. 0. Box 625.

AVVL.RTISEMEM IS.

IDA^HO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer In SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER KNITS A SOCK IN ^ MINUTES.

Can teach you to Knit in ONE HOUE.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VARIETIES!

4 Ton Scales, $60, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hetnatiie Iron, and General Merchandise, etc..

One Block South of Theatre.

P. O. Box 519 THE OGDEN PIPE CO., l£ now prepared to furnish the

MORTON WATER PIPE In large or snail quantities, at prices ranging from ONETHIED to OITE-HALF the cost of lEOlT.

Farmers, Miners, Municipal Aurhorities and all Corporations or Individuals Requiring

Should send for Cikcdlaks and Prices before purchasing elsewhere.

We guarantee our pipe to last as long,6Ustain as much pressure, and to equal in all, and excel in many respects the very best standard iron pipe manufactured.

It combines LIGHTNESS WITH STRENGTH, AND CHEAPNESS with DURABILITY.

And where constantly used, will last for generations.

It can be laid at a nominal cost and sent to distant points at one-fourth the cost for transportation of iron tubing.

For particulars, prices, &c,, apply to

THE OGDEN PIPE CO., Osden, Utah.

FACTORY AT SOUTH BEND, INDIANA.

MAI^UFACTTJKERS OF HEIGHT and SPBING WItGOfIS, ANY SIZE AND STYLE OF WHICH, WE BUILD TO SPECIAL ORDER.

Salt Lake (Branch House joins Z. C. M. I. south, Salt Lake City.

Our Wagons will he found at the following named points:

ZION'S BOARD OF TRADE, Logan, Cache County.

PARIS CO-OP. INSTITUTION, Paris, Idaho.

SANPETE BOARD OF TRADE, H. Jensen, Manti, A. Matsen, Mt. Pleasant.

G. H. CROSBY, Leeds, Utah.

SEARS, LIDDLE & Co., Park City.

JAS. E. FOOTE, Ogden.

M. W. FOY, Panguitch.

J.

S. BLACK, Deseret, U. T.

O. NORTH, Evanston.

LEVAN CO-OP, Levan.

J. C.'ROUNDY, Wanship and Coalville.

GEORGE PATTON, Payson.

J. NIELSON, Washington.

Vol.

II.

The Glory of God is hitclligence.

FEBRUARY, 1881.

No.

5.

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

From the east lower of the Cathedral of Mexico, at an elevation of about one hundred and twenty-five feet from the pavement of the surrounding streets, one secures a very fine view of the valley and city, as well as of the placid waters of Lake Tezcuco lying east, and extending well towards both the northern and southern extremities of the valley.

The latter is probably forty miles in length by twenty in width.

East from the tower named, one square south and almost at our feet, stands the Presidential Palace, which includes the Post Office, National

Museum, Art Gallery and the Office of the Cabinet.

This building covers an entire block, seven hundred feet square containing in the centre, like the Louvre at Paris, a hollow square or uncovered court, wherein the National guard is frequently exercised in military evolutions.

It occupies, it is believed, the same ground as that upon which stood, three hundred and sixty years ago, the less pretentious but nevertheless magnificent and extensive palace of the Montezumas from which the second prince of that name was kidnaped by the Christian Hernando Cortez, and by him and his ambitious followers conveyed across the square to the palatial quarters, occupied by the adventurers army, which were located near the sacred temple of the Aztecs.

Here Cortez, using soft, deceitful words, implying duty to the king of Spain, treacherously placed the shackels of slavery upon the shrinking limbs of the

Indian Monarch; and, by that dastardly act, taught him that "gratitude frequently has more reference to the future, than to the past."For we must remember that the ''Christian"was the guest of the "Heathen"when that infamous act was perpetrated.

The former with his gold-loving followers not only received from the latter kindness, as expressed in valuable presents, but also daily bread.

At the termination of the street directly east, commences the Morelos narrowguage railroad, which, crossing the valley on a tangent running in a southeasterly direction to the town of Ozumba, situated at the base of Popocatepetl, thence south toward the proposed terminus at Acapulco, distant about three hundred and fifty miles.

Rising, apparently, out of the margin of Lake Tezcuco, at a point a little north of east is a hill or small mountain, flattened at the summit and from two hundred to two hundred and fifty feet in* height, covering perhaps not more than forty acres.

Its location is very nearly the centre of the valley;

and standing alone as it does, presents a very singular appearance.

From the description given by the historian

Prescott, we conclude that it is the hill, upon the summit of which the Aztec priests, at the end of each cycle of fiftytwo years, offered a young man a sacrifice to the "god of fire."The performance was singular, deeply impressive and barbarous.

The young victim having been prepared, the lights of the temple and all fires throughout the Empire were extinguished.

At midnight of the day terminating the cycle, the priests, bearing their willing sacrifice, commenced their solemn march from the city, while the

I30 MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

people by thousands anxiously cast their eyes towards the mountain and watched with quickly beating hearts, uncertain whether the "god of light"would accept the sacrifice, and grant them fire for another fifty-two years, or, rejecting, consign them to darkness, misery and cold.

Thus, while they were filled with glowing forebodings tinged with faint rays of hope, the priests reach the summit;

and, quickly baring the bosom of their victim, the head and shoulders are thrown back, the chest forward and the sharp obsidian blade pierces the side, a hand is thrust in and the beating heart is torn out.

Into the gaping wound the ends of two dry sticks are inserted, which by means of rapid friction are ignited.

The spark, catching the prepared tinder at handjblazes forth,and rays of light dancing on the shimmering bosom of the lake are answered by shouts from a hundred thousand hps, expressing joy at the success attending the human sacrificial oiTering.

From the torch thus lighted, swift and trained runners convey fire for the people and lights for the temples to the remotest parts of the Empire; while upon the minds of all, the end of one and the beginning of another cycle of fifty-two years is impressed by the indellible mark of human blood.

Thus around this memorable hill group historic events, whose dark shadows still point to the acts of a fallen race—to an age of superstition and ignorance.

From the history of such an adolatrolis people we might turn away in disgust, did not their acts of horror pale when compared with those of their so called Christian conquerors, before whom fifteen millions of people faded away in less than forty years.

The contemplation of the cruelties attending which, even to this day, make one sick.

Under the shadow of the cross, and in the sacred name of rehgion, Mexico has truly been baptized in blood.

At tlie southern end, but within the range of mountains surrounding the valley, we note six cone hke hills, with one to the east of them like a huge grave, and another westward,which resembles a great pyramid with the upper half removed.

Beyond all these, their summits now enwrapped with ice, snow and storm clouds, rises the famous, volcanic peaks of grand old Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl.

From the former, the chain gradually recedes westward, forming a low pass to the valley beyond.

To the north of the latter it continues bold and rugged, forming bulwarks not unlike the heavier chains of the Wasatch range.

They terminate in groups of low sugarloaf hills near the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where once stood the wondrous

Toltec ''city of the gods,"said to have been twenty-seven miles in circumference.

Previous to, and during the time of the Montezumas, the city of Mexico had a circumference of about nine miles, containing probably five hundred thousand inhabitants.

It was then entirely surrounded by water, communication being had with it by means of five broad causeways.

The lakes have for many years gradually receded, though at one time, after the city was rebuilt by the Spaniards, it was inundated, the water being four feet deep.

This was principally occasioned by filling up the old Aztec canals and drains.

Lake Tezcuco has so far receded that its western shore at the nearest point, I should judge to be at least two miles from the city.

It has left in its stead an unattractive salt grass plain, relieved here and there by small groves growing on the bank of some old canal.

Looking north we see a low chain of mountains, along which we count some twenty cone-like peaks.

At the base of one of them stands the far famed church of Guadalupe, the solid silver railing and banisters in the interior of which, are estimated to be worth a million of dollars.

The attributed origin of this church is pecuHar, but the account of it is altogether too fabulous for repetition here.

A "saintly"mystery, tinged with blood, and pointing to the dark deeds of the sixteenth century, js memorialized there on the 12th of December of each year,at which time from twenty-five to fifty thousand people, mostly Indians, gather, some from great distances.

The celebration consists mainly in the free use of pulque, and consequent intoxication. Ta

MEXICO AND THE MEXICANS.

the patron saint, however, there is, even in this enlightened day, honor done by poor ignorant women, wallcing on their knees from the city, a distance of three miles.

Succeeding in their task of selftorture, they are generally rewarded with a crown of thorns, which, being placed upon their heads, they are carried forth, amid shouts of exultation, upon the shoulders of the half drunken devotees.

Above the church, on the side hill, appears in cut stone, a representation of the sails of a ship.

The legend connected with them is to the effect, that many years ago, an unfortunate mariner being wrecked on the Gulf of Mexico, was filled with dread of an untimely end, and in his anxiety to live, he earnestly besought in prayer the Virgin Mary (whose image seems to be the chief object of adoration among the Catholics of Mexico), to spare his life, promising to build at Guadalupe, should he live, a monument in her honor, which should perpetuate the miraculous power displayed in the accompHshment of his temporal salvation.

The sails are all the poor fellow, though saved from a watery grave, lived to construct in redemption of his promise.

The village is reached by means of a broad road extending from the suburbs of the city, and is made easy of access by a double line of street railway, upon which cars pass in and out every few minutes, especially on feast days.

To describe what the people do at such times would require too much space and I shall not, therefore, here attempt it, further than to say that, like too many celebrations of the Fourth of July in our own country, the most universal thing done is to drink intoxicants excessively, which here frequently leads to a reckless disregard of human life.

I have been credibly informed that at the celebration of a single feast day in this city alone, not less than five persons were killed outright by the explosion of bombs, which were intended, when fired, to burst in the air, instead of which, however, they exploded among the surging, compact masses of human beings below.

The writer has never been in a country where, at least apparently, there seems so httle value placed upon human life.

The unfortunate who receives the cold steel, or leaden messenger of death, and it often happens here, even in this enlightened day, and meets therebya sudden and untimely end, is carried away, I am told, with no more concern, and with little more notice than would be given to an Indian, while conveying through the streets a pig skin filled with pulque.

Only a few weeks since, three policemen and a woman were killed with a knife in the city of Mexico, while the former were endeavoring to arrest a young thief for stealing some trifling article.

The young criminal is now awaiting, in prison, the healing of the wounds received in the encounter, so that he can be shot, when in good health.

Looking westwardly we see the Alameda, a somewhat extensive and very pretty park, from the northeast corner of which leads towards the west, a street located on the ground once occupied by the fatal causeway of '"Tlacopan,"over which Cortez and his army, accompanied by their Tascalan allies, attempted to pass on that disastrous night of July ist, 1520, since known in history as '"'Noche Triste,"Sorrowful Night.

They moved stealthily out of the Aztec capital on that gloomy, rainy night, not under the orders of their usually clear sighted, far-seeing and fearless leader, but rather, under the fatal prognostications of an astrologer, who, while predicting his own death, declared the success of the enterprise if commenced, according to his calculations—"at midnight."He perished amid the wreck and ruin of that gallant little army, which was crushed, beaten and bruised, and almost annihilated by the fiercely enraged Aztec warriors.

Another such a"success"and the Spanish conquest of Mexico had been a failure.

But it was not so ordained.

For, arising from the ashes of that crushing defeat, the indomitable courage of Cortez, backed by his destiny, wrought out victory after victory, ending in the final complete subjugation of the Aztec, Lamanitish Empire.

Here Alvarado made, in order to save his life, "the wonderful leap."The distance the writers fail to

OCEAN CURRENTS.

note.

In order to cut of the retreat of the Spaniards, which seemed to have been anticipated, the Aztecs had cut several (three I believe) wide openings in the causeway, through which the water flowed deep and turbid.

In order to overcome these barriers, Cortez had ordered made, a portable bridge, which •was successfully placed over the first breach.

A dark retreating figure—a sentinel—noted the event, and sped swiftly bearing the news of the 'retreat.

Presently a canoe flitted silently by, then another and another, until hundreds darkened the water; then came the deep toned, dismal vibrations'of the great trump calling, from the top of their sacked temple, the warrior hosts to the midnight fray.

Those gloomy, ominous sounds sped over the devoted city, vibrated upon the bosom of the lake, and, mingling with many voiced mutterings, came like the wail of a tempest, striking with dismay the stout hearts of that adventurous band, to many of whom it proved on that fearful night, the deathknell.

On the eve of that fatal march, Cortez, while watching the division of the spoils, the silver, gold and jewels of the betrayed Montezuma, remarked to his men, doubtless with gloomy foreboding, "he who at night goes lightest, goes safest."Many a fainting heart, when too late, learned the wisdom of that advice, when sinking into watery graves under the weight of ill-gotten gold.

The portable bridge afforded a safe passage over the first breach; nothing more.

Human strength, nerved by the desperation of stout hearts, failed to remove the heavy structure; crushed into the mud and yielding masonry by the horses and artillery, it was chained and useless.

Reaching the breach beyond, amid cries for the bridge, the front met by the desperate Aztecs, was thrown into confusion.

Hard pressed on the rear the belching artillery reaped of friend and foe a harvest of death.

In vain the cavalry sought to relieve, by forced charges, the rear guard the legs of the horses were fettered by desperate savages who, thinking them the cause of illfortune in former battles, released not their grasp while life remained.

Hewn into shreds, others replaced the dead, frantically seeking to drag horse and rider into the lake.

Around the breach the carnage was horrible.

Horses, artillery equipments with the dead and dying, finally filled the yawning gap, and the torn fragments of the smitten army passed over.

Moses Thatcher.

OCEAN CURRENTS.

In the Atlantic Ocean, starting in the

Gulf of Mexico and passing through the

Florida Straits, is an immense stream of water, that flows through the ocean from the American side away across to the shores of Europe.

In passing between Florida and Cuba, it is forced to contract itself in order to pass through the narrow channel, but when it leaves this it begins to widen out more and more until, when it reaches the other side of the Atlantic, it washes the whole western coast of Europe, and also nearly one-third of the same coast of Africa.

The banks and bed of this stream are all still water, and are as distinctly defined as though they were cut in solid earth.

When the stream is narrovv its speed is great, but where it widens out, it flows more slowly, just like any other body of flowing water.

It is called in geographies, the Gulf Stream.

Besides this, there are many other currents in the ocean, flowing in various directions.

There is one that comes from the frozen shores of Greenland and Iceland, washing the eastern coast of North America down as far as the shores and banks of Newfoundland.

It seems to be made up partly of the same stream that came from the Gulf of Mexico, but now cooled off"and turned back in a circular path, after having struck the coast of Europe.

The direction, width, volocity, hmits

OCEAN CURRENTS.

and other facts about these currents have been accurately determined by Lieutenant Maury, of the United

States Coast Survey; and on this subject he has made so much known to the world that was unknown before, that he has been called the Harvey of the seas, as it was Dr. Harvey, that first discovered, about two and half centuries ago, the regular circulation of the blood in the human system.

Sometimes clouds are seen to be moving in one direction, while the wind below takes the opposite, thus plainly showing that at different elevations, there are currents of air moving in various and sometimes opposite directions; so at different depths there are ocean currents sometimes moving in opposite directions, and this may be readily proven by watching icebergs passing right through theGulf

Stream, and sometimes directly against the current.

These mountains of ice, as they appear above the surface of the water, are seven times as large below and hence must reach far down in the ocean, so far down that the under current carries them forward, notwithstanding the force of the surface current in the contrary direction.

In some places these streams flow with so httle speed, that it is very difficult to tell whether the water moves or not, but in other places they flow as rapidly as an ordinary river.

Thus in the Florida Straits, the speed is from three and a half to five miles an hour.

The quantity of water carried in the Gulf Stream, according to the estimates of some, is more than that of all the rivers'in the world put together.

According to CroU the amount of water carried along in tliis great ocean current, would be equal to that of a river fifty miles wide, one thousand feet deep, and running at the rate of four miles per hour.

Where does the water come from to supply these immense rivers, and where do they empty their contents?

The answer to this question is similar to that given for the cause of the trade winds.

But we may first illustrate the principle, by taking some common example, as for instance the boiling water in a tea-kettle.

If the heat is applied near the centre of the bottom of the vessel, the water there is first heated, expands and consequently rises to the surface, while the water along the sides of the vessel sinks to the bottom, is there heated and rises, while that at the surface cools off and sinks down along the sides, and thus the currents rise through the centre, and come back down the sides as long as the supply of heat is kept up.

If the heat is applied around the sides as well, thea the currents will be reversed, that is they will rise along the sides, and sink down the centre.

So we see that currents may be produced in a body of water simply by the application of heat and are supplied by a constant circulation of the same material going through the same channels over and over again.

Since the sun shines almost vertically on the regions of the equator, there we have a region where the waters of the ocean are heated, but the heat strikes the surface instead of the bottom as in the above illustration.

The surface is then warmed and consequently expands, and swells out in the region of the Tropics.

So, in order to gain a water level, it must flow oflf towards the north and south, thus leaving exposed again, water from below, at the equator, and this is likewise heated, and consequently flowst.off toward the poles.

On its way to the north and south, it cools off, becomes heavier, and sinks, then takes a direction to the south to supply the deficiency occasioned there by the overflow.

Thus we see there are two currents in the northern hemisphere, one flowing to the north, on the surface, and another flowing south under this, and also two similar currents in the southern hemisphere.

But thus far inthis explanation, we have not taken into consideration the revolution of the earth on its axis, and this will no doubt have some effect in changing the deviation of these currents.

Take for illustradon, the one that flows from the equator to the north.

The stream at its origin has the same motion to the east as the earth under it, that is, about twenty-five thousand miles per day, but as it moves to the north, the earth under

OCEAN CURRENTS.

it does not move so fast to the east as the current, since the parallels there are much shorter than at the equator, and continue to grow shorter the nearer we approach the pole.

The water then going faster than the earth under it, will not flow directly north, but turn a little to the east, thus making the direction northeast, as we see in the Gulf stream.

The reverse will be true of the under current.

The same explanation will also apply to the southern hemisphere;

The laws that govern the origin and deviation of the oceanic currents, are the same as those for Trade Winds;

so for a better understanding of this subject, the article on Trade Winds, in a former number, may be consulted.

One beneficial result of these great ocean streams is that they help to equalize the temperature of the earth, by making the northern and southern parts of the globe warmer, since they carry along with them the heat of the tropics, and in cooling off near the poles must give off their heat there.

The under-currents coming from the cold north, are warmed up at the equator, thus absorbing a great deal of heat, and making those regions cooler than they would be otherwise.

Winds also produce the same result.

England and the plains of Germany af% at about the same distance from the equator as Labrador, where the climate is altogether too cold for civilized man, but on the opposite coast of Europe, the common grains and fruits are raised.

The plains of the Po, south of the Alps, are covered with rice fields and groves of the mulberry, and the mountain slopes are green with vineyards.

But in the same latitude in North America, we have the cities of Montreal and Quebec, where only the more hardy grains like oats and rye, can be raised, and the rivers are sometimes frozen over for more than half the year.

The reason why there should be this great difference, we now see in the Gulf Stream, and if by any means this could be made to change its course, the climate of western Europe would be greatly modified, and certainly not for the better.

Rivers convey to the ocean a vast amount of soil which they wash away from mountains and plains, and this material which we call sediment would all be deposited near the mouths of rivers and in the course of time, extend the boundaries of land farther and farther into the ocean, but these currents, in many cases, come in contact with the waters of these rivers before the sediment is deposited, and carry it along with them, dropping it somewhere in the wide ocean.

When we look into any of these currents, they seem to be as clear and free from sediment as the water of the still ocean.

We must remember, however, that a stream in still water has a perfectly smooth bed, and is not liable to be much disturbed in its movements, so that the water at the surface remains there, and that below is never thrown up by any irregularity in its movement.

So the sediment gradually sinks as though in still water, to the lower layers, thus leaving the upper surface perfectly clear.

The Gulf Stream on emanating from the Florida Straits, spreads out over the

Atlantic, and coming in contact with the still waters of the ocean, it mixes with it, is hindered in its course, giving time for some of the sediment to sink to the bottom, thus forming what are called the Bahama Banks, east of Florida.

The northern current coming from Greenland, with its cargo of icebergs, laden with rock, soil, etc., comes in contact with the

Gulf Stream, just east and south of Newfoundland.

The water is brought to a standstill, and the sediment deposited, together with the loads brought down on the ice from Greenland.

This deposit, continuing from one age to another, has filled up the ocean there so that it is not more than from one to two hundred feet deep, thus forming what are called the Shoals, or Banks of Newfoundland.

In some cases this piling up of sediment has gone on for so long a time, that the banks are brought almost to a level with the ocean.

When this is the case, the waves in passing over them run aground, because the water is not deep enough, and thus pile up the sand and dirt still higher, so that in time a low, flat island is formed, like those along the

LEA VES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

southern coast of the United States, where they consist of narrow strips of land, almost parallel with the coast.

After a time the narrow inlet between the islands and the coast will be filled by sediment brought down by rivers, and then the limits of the continent will be extended farther into the ocean.

In the course of time, also, the Banks of Newfoundland will rise above the ocean and form a new addition to the neighboring land, or a separate island.

Quebec LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

FIFTH LEAF.

The Church of Christ is an organized body, consisting of those who believe in

Him, and have shown their faith by obedience to the initiatory ordinances of His gospel.

It may contain many branches, but they will all be connected with the main body, and will all have the same characteristics;

that is, they will hold the same doctrines and be animated by the same spirit. No matter how many sections of the church there may be, or how widely they may be separated geographically, they will all be governed by the same rule of discipline, and be under the direction of the same head.

The Church of Christ must be established under His own supervision, and according to His commandments.

A society of persons professing to believe in Him, but organized without any communication from Him, is not and cannot be His Church, whatever its members may call it, or however sincere they may be in their intentions.

Some suppose that every one who believes that Jesus is the Christ is, by virtue of that faith, a member of His Church.

This is a palpable error. As well might it be assumed that all who believe that the Order of Masonry is a correct form of brotherhood, are by that belief made members of the Order.

All societies have some established regulations for the admission of members.

The Church of Christ is no exception to the rule.

But the initiatory rites in His Church are prescribed hy Him, and no one has the right to change them or substitute others in their place.

They.are uniform for all people, of both sexes, of every race and every grade of society.

The churches established by men have various modes of receiving members and of conducting church government.

This is one proof that they are the churches of men, and not of Jesus Christ.

We have already explained the first principles of the gospel which must be received and obeyed in order to obtain a standing in Christ's Church Those who have believed, repented, been baptized by one having authority for the remission of sins, and have been confirmed by the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, are thus made members of the Church of Christ.

And this is the only way of admission.

All who have not complied with these rules are outside of the Church and can get in by no other door than this appointed entrance.

Christ will not accept the devices and ordinances and ceremonies ordained of men.

They are not His, and are of no force or effect so far as the kingdom of heavenfis concerned, either in this world or in the world to come.

Christ is the head of the Church, as man is the head of the woman.

But as the woman has also a head to her own personality, so has the Church.

The Apostleship is the principal governing authority thereof.

When Christ ascended on high the earthly headship devolved upon his Apostles, of whom Peter, James and John were the chief.

There were also the Seventy appointed by the Savior as His traveling ministers, and He gave other officers to the Church, such as Evangelists, Pastors, Elders, Bishops, Teachers, Deacons, &c.

All these were under the direction of the Apostles, who were inspired and instructed, and led by

Jesus, even after His ascension, and were filled with the Holy Ghost, which bears record of the Father and the Son.

A

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

church which has no inspired Apostles nor Prf»phets, cannot be the Church of Christ, for these are essential to its full constitution.

All the officers we have named are necessar}', in their various positions, to the complete organization of the "body of Christ."Through these appointed servants of God, the members of the Church are instructed in their duties, led along in the path of truth, admonished of their faults, rebuked for their transgressions, brought to the unity of the faith, corrected of their errors, and when they become evildoers, and reformation is not probable, disfellowshipped from communion or excommunicated from the Church.

The Church of Christ is progressive.

That is, it advances in the knowledge of the truth.

As fast as its members are prepared for additional light, through the practice of principles already revealed, new manifestations are given, for the growth of all who will receive the truths unfolded towards the fulness of the stature of Christ Jesus.

Old truths are not discarded, but new truths are added, and clearer light is thrown upon what was previously known.

Thus the Church advances and prepares its communicants for a higher sphere when they pass away from the plane of mortal existance.

But while it casts off no truth, it eliminates from itself, by natural process, everything obnoxious to its health and vitality.

Corrupt and wicked persons occasionally find their way into its sanctuary; some, after being washed from their impurities turn again to their filthiness, and others become rebellious and discordant. These incongruous elements are gradually separated from the body.

For the Church is a living thing, and casts off that which does not assimilate or which is inimical to its growth, harmony and progress.

The members of the Church are all united by a fraternal bond.

They are all brethren and sisters, no matter what their condition in life, no matter of what nationality.

Indeed, nationality is swallowed up in fraternity.

They are no longer Jew or Gentile, English, German,

Danish or American, they are all one in Christ Jesus, They are no more Catholics or Protestants, Dissenters or Epis"copalians, but are baptized by one spirit into one body, and in all essential principles have one faith, and are joined together in the same mind and the same judgment.

The Church of Christ in this and every other age, is connected with the Church of previous ages.

That portion behind the vail works in harmony with the new

Church in the flesh, and its members, whether in the body or out of the body, move to the common end;

the establishment of the kingdom of heaven upon the earth, the spread of the principles of the true Church, until "every ^„knee shall bow, and every tongue confess that Jesus is the Lord, to the glory of God the Father."Then the Church will have filled its mission—to preach the gospel, administer in its ordinances, unite the the Saints, manifest the things of God, establish righteousness, bring together the heavens and the earth and make straight the path for the Lord Jesus.

And the vail of the covenant will be taken away;

the Church of the firstborn will be one in all things beneath and above evil will be swept from the earth; and truth, peace, harmony and praise will glorify this planet and its inhabitants, who will know God from the least even unto the greatest.

C. W. Penrose.

When I am alone, then am I least alone.

Cicero.

They are never alone that are accompanied by noble thoughts.

Sir • Philip Sidney.

We perhaps never detect how much of our social demeanor is made up of artificial airs, until we see a person who is at once beautiful and simple;

without beauty we are apt to call simpHcity awkwardness.

George Eliot.

A cheerful temper, joined with innocence, will make beauty attractive, knowledge delightful, and wit good natured.

It will lighten sickness, poverty and affliction, convert ignorance into an amiable simplicity, and render deformity itself aoreeable.

Addison.

TRA VELS IN ITAL V.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

V.

VENICE AND BOLOGNA.

Among the many wonders that a tour of Europe presents, and that are impressed indellibly upon the mind, it is not exceptional for the American traveler to meet characters and incidents that savor so* much of home and native wit, that they take a prominent place in the memory along with the great or wonderful, eccentric or curious, that he goes abroad on purpose to see.

One day while we were leisurely admiring the busts of famous statesmen, warriors and artists that line the wall of an extensive gallery in the Ducal Palace, at Venice, a party of fashionable foreigners came rather precipitately into the gallery and hurrying on from one pedestal to another, seemed to be doing Europe, like George Washington Phipps, in ten days.

Stopping before a conspicuous marble bust, a young lady of the party was heard to ask of the youngest gentlemen present, who it represented. He replied:

"Julius Caesar."''Well,"she exclaimed as she passed on, "he seems to think he's some pumpkins, don't he.'"'There is no other expression in the English language that so forcibly describes to a Westerner the appearance of the statue that called it forth.

On another occasion we were much diverted by hearing the young man referred to above declare that "there aint an express train on the continent that runs as fast as a good American cow."

He was laboring with a company of Englishmen to convince them that everything American is a little ahead of the rest of the world.

He was considerably taken back however, when going through Gillott's pen factory at Birmingham, England, he told the young lady guide that Gillott's pens were well enough, but nothing to compare to the American Spencerian.

She smiled and showed him the machines where all the Spencerian pens are made.

One more, and we will proceed with our travels.

While standing in the spacious hotel in Venice, a Lieutenant of the United States Navy, whom we had met at Milan, approached us and said there was a very respectable old gentleman from Boston, staying in the house, who desired very much indeed to meet us, as he had never seen a real live specimen of Mormondom.

As he spoke, the old gentleman came up and was introduced.

He gazed long and steadily at us, taking a careful view from head to foot;

and walking partly around to one side, he asked us if we had any objections to removing our hat. We smilingly complied, and asked if he wished to see our horns.

He laughed but looked somewhat confused.

We told him we were a young one, and they hadn't yet had time to grow.

The grand canal which divides Venice into two unequal parts, is spanned by the Rialto, the widest and most celebrated bridge of the city.

It has three passage ways and is surmounted by a number of shops.

Not far beyond this singular bridge is the most ancient public square in the city;

in one corner of which is shown the old house of exchange, said to have been Shylock's, now occupied by a pawn-broker.

The private palaces that line the Grand

Canal and other chief streets or arteries, represent every style of architecture in their construction, and tfie highest cultivation of art in their decoration and adornment.

We visited the palace of Prince Giovanelli, one of the wealthiest men in Italy, and were enchanted with the richness and splendor of the magnificent apartments. From the landing a hospitable doorway opens to a winding marble stairway that leads to the principal rooms above.

Some of these we will attempt to describe.

The reception room is a large and irregular apartment, the walls of which are hung with yellow and blue silk tapestry, the furniture, chairs, sofas, etc., corresponding.

In an alcove niche is a statue of Columbus, representing him as a boy seated on the pillar of a pier, his dream of a far oft fertile land is represented in bas relief round the pillar.

The dining room floor is a wonderful oak Mosaic, the furniture is upholstered with purple velvet, while

^3S TRA VELS IN ITAL Y.

upon the walls are hung paintings by Titien^nd Bellini.

The Princess'boudoir is a handsome suite of small rooms, decorated with crimson silk and velvet furniture, and hand embroidered silk drapery on the walls.

In the sitting room is a white and black marble mantel-piece of immense proportions, displaying some equisite carving in the numerous figures that are employed in its construction.

The furniture of this room is of scarlet satin and crimson velvet stripe, while the walls are hung with the same.

The picture room is one of the largest and contains many fine paintings, among them, works by Tintoretto, Bonifacio and Paul

Veronese, besides the celebrated "Moses consigned to the water,"by Salvator Rosa.

The furnishings of this room are light yellow satin and gold, the floor is a marble and white stone Mosaic.

The ball room is divided into two parts by three broad, low steps, the width of the room, and is arched over by carved columns.

Five resplendent crystal chandeliers are suspended from the ceiling.

Among the pictures is one by the great master, Raphael.

The mirrors that are placed everywhere to advantage, are partly painted over with the flora of tropic climes, having the seeming effect, as one presents himself before them, of transporting him to other lands.

The ceilings of all the rooms are adorned with choice paintings and panels of gold.

The door casings are marble, the doors inlaid oak and other polished woods.

Many statues are placed in the most appropriate and striking positions.

The numerous smaller rooms are in harmony with these that are named, and the entire residence is one of sumptuous magnificence that hardly seems intended for the habitation of the plodding sons of men.

It is only occupied by the owner at the time of festivals and during the Christmas holidays.

We visited other private palaces of corresponding magnificence;

one, called "the house of gold,"from its lavish golden decorations, and another, containing the fine statues of Hector and Ajax, Canova's last work.

Before leaving this wonderful city of the sea, we took a double manned^y«(f(9- la to the Porto di Lido, from where a better idea of Venice and her dependent islands can be obtained than at any other point. We also visited Murano, an island about a mile away, with over three thousand inhabitants, many of whom are engaged in glass making and in the manufacturing of the many glass articles of commerce which find sale in Venice and are carried to all ports of the world.

The island of St. Lazzaro is occupied by an Armenian Monastery, under the protection of the Turkish government.

It contains a school for boys and an extensive printing office.

Byron spent six months studying the Armenian language, within its walls, and while there published an Armenian grammar in English.

A fine portrait of the poet adorns the room he occupied.

In the library of this establishment is shown a very perfectly preserved Egyptian mummy over two thousand years old.

The hair and teeth are hardly injured, though the skin is discolored and is drawn tightly over the bones of the face and skull.

Between Venice and Murano is an island called the Cemetery Island; here the dead, whose remains are not deposited in the family vaults of the numerous churches, are consigned.

The place is green and cheerful, being enclosed by a high wall, and carefully cultivated; flowers were in bloom in November, and the wreaths and garlands about the monuments and head stones, indicated that "the memory of the dead is cherished by the living still."Taking an afternoon train, we were whirled away on our circular tour of Italy toward Bologna, a hundred miles south, passing Ferrara on the way, we arrived in the evening and were served with cheese and genuine Bologna sausage for supper. This ancient city contains nearly a hundred thousand inhabitants and is sanctified in the usual Catholic manner by one hundred and thirty churches, twenty monasteries and several nunneries.

It is also the seat of one of the oldest universities in the world.

The university of Bologna was founded in the

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

year 11 19 A. D., and during the thirteenth century attained wonderful fame and popularity, enrolling nearly ten thousand students from all parts of Europe.

The study of the Roman law was introduced by the celebrated jurist Irnerius, and later, medicine and philosophy were taught. The anatomy of the human body was first taught here in the fourteenth century, and Joseph Galvani discovered galvanism in 1789, while attending the institution.

A remarkable feature in the history of the great college is that women professors have at various times been engaged.

Over three hundred years ago, Novella d'Andrea, a lady of great beauty was thus employed, but her personal attractions were so dazzling to the students, that she was obliged to deliver her lectures from behind a screen.

At a later period, Laura Bassi was professor of mathematics and physical science, and

Madam Manzolina lectured upon anatomy.

The Hbrary contains a hundred thousand volumes and many rare manuscripts; among the latter, letter^ from Voltaire to Frederick the Great.

The celebrated linguist, Mezzofanti, born in Bologna, 1776, died 1849, was at one time the librarian.

At the age of thirtysix, this wonderful man spoke eighteen languages fluently, and before his death it is said he had acquired not less than forty-two, which he understood and spoke.

The most striking edifices in Bologna are the towers of Asinelli and Garisenda, the former is upwards of two hundred and seventy feet high and leans out from the perpendicular three and a half feet;

the latter is but one hundred and forty feet high, but leans in one direction eight and a half, and in another more than three feet.

This tower is probably the only one, of the many leaning towers of

Italy, that is built so intentionally.

It was found, on attaining the present height, that it was impossible to proceed further with the work.

De Vallibus.

THE NEPHITES UN For a period of about one hundred and twenty years succeeding the death of King Mosiah, the Nephite Commonwealth was governed by judges.

These were chosen by the united voice of the people, as provided in the constitution framed under Divine inspiration by the last king, and established as the supreme law of the nation, through its unanimous acceptance as such, by the entire people.

At the end of this period the republic was overthrown through the great wickedness of all classes of the community, and the people divided themselves into numerous independent tribes.

The consideration of a few of the most prominent features of Nephite history during this important era of their national existance will, we trust, be of interest to our readers.

It is not actually certain that the Book of Mormon gives us the names of all the

Nephite Chief Judges.

In the earlier portion of the annals of these times the

DER THE JUDGES.

order of succession is plainly stated, but in the record of later years the name of the judge is sometimes only mentioned incidentally in the historic narrative.

It is therefore beyond our power to determine if there were, or were not, others whose names have been omitted by the sacred historians. The judges mentioned by name or description, are twelve in number.

Of these, five—Pahoran II, Cezoram, Cezoram's son (whose name is not given), Seezoram and Lachoneus II, were assassinated; one—Pacumeni, was slain in battle with the Lamanites:

two, Alma and Nephi, were translated or taken by the 'Lord three, Nephihah, Pahoran I, and Helaman, died a natural death, whilst of the manner of the decease of one—Lachoneus I—we have no record.

They judged the Nephites in the following order:

i Alma (the younger) from B. C. 91 to B. C. 83;

2 Nephihah, from B. C. 83'to B. C. 68;

3 Pahoran I, from B. C. 68 to B.

C.

53;

4 Pahoran

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

II, from B. C. 52 to B. C.

52*;

5 Pacumeni, from B. C.

to B.

C.

51;

Helaman (the younger), from B. C. 50 to

B. C. 39;

7 Nephi, from B. C. 39 to B.

C. 30;'8 Cezoram, from B. C. 30 to B.

C. 26; 9 Cezoram's son, from B. C. 26 to to B. C. 26;

10 Seezoram, B. C.

to B.

C. 23;

12 Lachoneus If, from to II Lachoneus II, from to A.C. 30.

It is possible that some unnamed judge may have ruled the Nephites for a short time after the murder of Cezorom's son, and before Seezoram was chosen, and still more probable that one or more rulers presided over the destinies of the nation, between the death of Seezoram and the election of Lachoueus I, as there was a space of fifty-three years between the murder of Seezoram and that of Lachoneus II, who succeeded his father.

The historians who held the custody of the sacred plates, with the accompanying holy things, and who kept the record of the national life during the days of the judges, were all descendants of the 'elder

Alma.

They held this sacred trust as follows:

Alma (the younger), B. C.

to B. C.

'j-^X;

Heleman (the elder), from B, C. 73 to B.C. 57; Shiblon,from B.C.

to B. C. 53; Heleman (the younger), from B. C. 53 to B. C. 39;

Nephi, from B. C. 39 to B. C. I; Nephi (the disciple), from B. C.

I to A. C. 34.

In the above tables, B. C. must be understood to mean before the birth of Christ, and A. C. after the date of His birth as recorded in the Book of Mormon, not the A. D. accepted by Christians, which is now generally allowed to be from two to four years wrong.

*It is uncertain, from the silence of the Record, whether Pahoran 1 died at the close of B.

C. 53, or the commencement of B. C, 52.

fPossibly only to B. C. 74, the exact date is not quite clear.

jLachoneus I is mentioned as being chief judge and governor in the year that Christ was born, and repeatedly afterwards until A. C. 27, but in one place Gidgiddoni,the Commander-inchief of the military forces, is also called a prophet and chief judge, but evidently from the context, subordinate in the latter position to Lachoneus.

The acts of the Nephites, during the period under consideration, can probably be best studied under two heads:

First, their secular;

Second, their church history, though the relationship between the two is very intimate; the misfortunes and wars of this people almost always growing out of their unfaithfulness to God, and their apostacies from gospel principles.

These marked transitions from righteousness to iniquity, and vice versa are amongst the most noticeable features of Nephite character in these days, both from their frequency and the rapidity with which these changes of feeling were brought about.

One might almost imagine that the prophetic words of Jacob, upon the head of his first-born, had temporarily descended upon this branch of the house of Joseph, they were conspicuously "unstable as water;"indeed, it is probable that the almost incessant fluctuations in their spiritual health could be better and more quickly understood by the average mind, through a diagram, like unto those used in our day to represent the rise and fall in the price of stocks, or other commodities in the public market, than from any detailed account, which last named would simply be an iteration and reiteration of the same painful story, with slight difference in the minor incidents.

Of the one hundred and twenty years under the judges, nearly one-third (say thirty-seven years), was spent in actual warfare, whilst profound peace did not always characterize the remainder.

For though not engaged in open war, the Nephites were troubled with dissensions at home, growing, almost without exception, out of the ambition or iniquity of their own people.

Foreign enemies they had none, except their former brethren, the Lamanites, as these two nations ruled the entire western world.

But internal foes were numerous.

These generally belonged to one of the three following classes:

"King-men,"who desired to re-establish a monarchy;

"Apostates,"who strove to overthrow the Church and establish false faiths by the force of arms;

"Robber bands"—conspicuously the Gadiantons—who waged repeated

THE NEPHITES UNDER THE JUDGES.

wars lo obtain political power and material plunder.

The three most disastrous and longest continued of the Nephite wars were: First—The war commencing with the Zoramite apostacy, followed by Amalekiah's rebellion and elevation to the Lamanite throne.

This series of wars may be said to have commenced in the year B. C. 74, and to have continued, with slight intermissions, until B. C.

or 60.

Second—Internal feuds and Lamanite invasions, lasting from B.

C.

to B.

C.

31.

During this struggle, the Nephites were at one period, entirely driven out of the South American continent.

Third—A disastrous war with the Gadianton robbers, when the Nephites were forced to abandon all their possessions and gather into one place.

By taking with them a reserve of seven years provisions they ultimately exhausted the robbers.

This war lasted from A. C. 13 to A. C. 21.

The rest of the wars, however severe and bloodthirsty, generally ended within the 5'ear they commenced.

In the first year of the reign of the judges, a religious innovator, named Nehor, made himself conspicuous by pertinaciously advocating doctrines foreign to those taught by the Nephite Priesthood.

The distinguishing points of his heresy were: That religious teachers ought to be supported by the people, and not be compelled to labor for their living.

That all mankind would be saved in the last day, for "the Lord had created all men, and had also redeemed all men, and in the end all men would have eternal life."This delusion, owing to the zeal and persuasiveness of Nehor, spread so rapidly, that in the same year he was enabled to establish a church after the manner of his preaching, and in after years it was the cause of much dissension, bloodshed and misery amongst the Nephites.

Nehor is described as having been a man large in stature, and noted for his great strength, which, unfortunately for him, he put to a very bad use.

Inflated with pride at his success in misleading the people, he was impatient under opposition.

On one occasion, as he was on his way to preach to his followers, he met, in the streets of Zarahemla, a very aged servant of the Lord named Gideon, whom he slew with his sword as he could not convert him with his arguments.

For this murder he was arrested, tried before

Alma, the judge, condemned to death and executed B. C.

91.

His ignominious death, however, did not put an end to the spread of his false doctrines, for many finding that it brought them riches and popularity, made the preaching of his errors the business of their lives.

The increase of these false teachers Rapidly developed class distinctions and social divisions, their adherents being generally gathered from amongst those "who loved the vain things of the world."

Naturally they became proud, ostentatious, overbearing and bitter in their feelings towards the members of the true Church of Christ.

Many of the latter received severe persecution at the hands of the dissenters, and bore it without retaliation, whilst others returned insult for insult, and gave blow for blow.

The example of these self-appointed teachers in drawing their support from their following, produced a like spirit throughout their churches, and their members became idle and full of devices to enable them to live without honest toil.

They gave way to sorcery and idolatry, to robbery and murder,and to all manner of wickedness, for which offences, it is proper to remark, they were duly punished according to the law.

whenever conviction could be obtained, and when the intent of the law was not thwarted by their unholy combinations.

This development of priestcraft also gave rise to another evil.

Many belonging to the apostate churches, though not willing to openly plunder or murder for gain, were anxious for a monarchy to be established, that thereby they might become the recipients of sinecures, be appointed office holders, etc., and fatten at the public crib.

Their hope and intention was to destroy the Church of God, and, undoubtedly, to despoil and, possibly, to disfranchise its members.

In the fifth year of the judges, a willing instrument uprose to effect their pur-

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

pose.

His name was Amlici, a follower of Nehor, corrupt and ambitious, but cunning in the wisdom of the world. He was chosen by the enemies of the commonwealth to be the king of the Nephites. The whole question was brought before the people at a general election, as provided by the code of Mosiah. The monarchists were outvoted;

the repubhc and the church was saved.

This should have ended the matter, but unfortunately it did not.

The Amlicites flew to arms, a bloody battle ensued on the banks of the Sidon,which ended in the total defeat of the Royalists their loss was twelve thousand five hundred and thirty-two men;

that of the Republicans, six thousand five hundred and sixty-two.

The Amlicites (doubtless by pre-arrangement) soon joined an invading host of Lamanites, and the united forces made the attempt to surprise and capture the Nephite capital.

In this movement they were interrupted by Alma, another terrible battle ensued, Amlici was slain, the aUies defeated, and the greater portion of their forces scattered, and their warriors slain.

Those of the Royahsts who escaped the slaughter joined the Lamanites, and by their new habits and sympathies, virtually became a portion of that race.

George Reynolds.

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

The preceding article was devoted to showing that knowledge is power, that it is inteUigence, and that intelligence is the spirit of God.

The foundation for this knowledge, after leaving the maternal breast, is laid in the school room;

and a large portion of the superstructure is built in the academy and college.

It is in these conservatories that the delicious and fragrant flower of intelligence is nurtured; and its growth and ability to understand the elements of adversity, will depend upon the treatment received while in these conservatories.

Not all plants that receive proper care live and prosper; but few ever thrive unless they are given intelligent attention.

If we would fill this Territory with bright, good, noble, free, kind, generous and intelligent beings, we must do it through the instrumentality of schools.

The better the education the better is any person fitted for any pursuit under the high heavens.

The old and threadbare argument that the tendency of a college education is to unfit its possessor for manual work, and that rather than do what is erroneously termed common labor, when intelligent pursuits cannot be obtained, these college bred young men employ their talents and knowledge to evil, is absurd.

It is possible that a system of education inclining in that direction, may be taught somewhere, perhaps in many places; but such is the result of the system and is not, in any way, inseparable from education.

It is no more the fault of education that a person steals and refuses hard labor, because he has been educated, than it is the fault of language that a person lies, swears and blasphemes, because he has learned to speak.

Both education and language are given for one purpose—for good; and it is no more ridiculous to rail against and object to education because learned men are, at times, corrupt, than it is to rail against and object to the use of language, for the reason that there are beings who will employ it to express ideas that are profane and vulgar.

The error is always with the person, never with the principle.

The genius of education is always for good; and its influence is at once the most potent yet imperceptible of any.

It pervades all classes, just as the fragrance of the flower pervades the air, delighting the senses, often when we least expect it, at all times, in all places, and as the presence of the flower, though felt, is unseen;

so unseen and imperceptibly does education elevate the mind, release the chains of care, move to nobler aspirations and breathe of a fairer and a better

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

143.

life; unconsciously it moulds our actions, unconsciously we strive to realize in our existences the unutterable sweetness with which it fills our Hves.

It is indeed a rare flower; and its fragrance is of the Almighty.

It is surprising to note the difference one properly cultivated and intelligent mind will make in its sphere in a community. A better illustration of this cannot be found than in our own Territory.

For some years past the University has educated a specific number of normal students, the education being given by direction of the Legislature, and at the expense of the Territory.

The law provides that the graduates shall teach for one year in the county from which the normal student was sent, or return to the

Territorial treasurer an amount equivalent to that expended by the State in giving the instruction received.

At first, but few accepted this tender on the part of the Territory, and the number allowed to the counties were unfilled.

As time wore on the number of applicants steadily increased in numbers, until, before the announcement of the last academic year of the University, there were nearly two applicants for every normal scholarship to which

Salt Lake County is entitled.

This increase in applicants is attributable to the superior education received by normals, who, by reason of this, have gained precedence over those of less ability as teachers, and the necessity for greater excellence has thus been forcibly illustrated, and therefore the more clearly comprehended.

Nothing incites so much to excellence, as excellence.

The fleetest and most spirited horse will not make as good time, when running alone, as when it experiences the incentive that arises from an opponent running against it, and in the noble but irrational animal, the element of ambition is so thoroughly aroused by the presence of a competitor, that every nerve is strained in a voluntary desire to win.

The same is true of rational beings.

Nothing creates such a desire for education, as education.

The normal graduates of the University of Deseret return to and teach in various parts of the Territory, and it follows as a natural sequence^ that in these quarters there must be an increase in the interest always attaching to education; because the knowledge gained by these graduates is being disseminated among the inhabitants of the community in which the normal resides.

The teacher imparts knowledge to the pupils, the pupils infuse it into their playmates, and all take it home, where it infects their parents, relatives and their associates.

Thus i1^ goes through the entire community, and from one community to another, radiating from one insignificant individual normal student to all; from the older to younger generations, and even forever.

We see, therefore, that knowledge is influence, and that the influence of the University of Deseret is felt throughout the length and breadth of our Territory, and will perpetuate itself through all the ages. There is nothing on the earth, beneath the sea, or in the broad expanse of the heavens, no, not even the newest pestilential and devastating diseases, so contagious as the influence of education, and yet it is that delicate and delicious perfume which steals into the senses and infects unbidden and unseen.

How all-important is it then, that this tender plant, the fragrance of which lives forever—being of the Great Father—and which is such an important factor in moulding the character of a people, should be carefully nourished and trained, how solicitous we should be that harm do not reach it what anxiety should be felt for its growth and with what assiduity should we labor to preserve its existence.

In Utah Territory, the conservatory in which this rare plant is to he nourished, is the University of Deseret, and as this institution is properly cared for, or is neglected, will the course of education here progress or be retarded.

In the preceding paper it was shown that education was a means to wealth.

There is still another, and an important respect in which it is of pecuniary value, especially in connection with the University of Deseret.

This respect is skilled labor and professional learning.

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

Just as long as Utah remains inhabited, just so long will there be a necessity for skilled mechanics, for architects, for engineers, mining, mechanical and topographical, for chemists, for physicians, for lawyers, and for the like.

As we are now situated, this skilled labor and professional knowledge has to be imported, and there is really no intelligent reason for this importation.

As the Territory grows in population, the demand for this class of labor will increase.

We object to sending away for the flour we consume, for the boots and shoes we need, for the clothes we wear, and for other necessities which we require, and the objection is based in wisdom, but we do not object to sending away for our educated labor and professional skill, and this is not based in wisdom.

These are now a necessity equal with the other.

Our climate and conditions are as congenial to the production of mechanics and engineers, as to the production of flour and clothing.

There need be no more necessity for importing the one than the other, and no more reason in it;

and while we are in the possession of all the elements necessary to supply every demand lor skilled and professional labor, it is a positive waste of means, and a neglect of the high intelligence with which the Omniscient has endowed the young men and women of this Territory, to import talent from abroad;

to pay to the imported article the high salaries their skill commands, while local intelligence must rest content with a pittance.

There is a grave inconsistency between the practice followed and the precept taught here.

We conjure all to patronize home manufactures, in order that they may be encouraged, but in regard to encouraging the cultivation of local skill, it becomes an entirely different thing.

We refuse to ship our wool east, have it manufactured into wearing apparel, and then freighted back, because we can perform the labor here, and as cheap, and can save by it;

the same is true of our hides, our flour and other articles; but we have not the slightest objection to shipping young men abroad to be manufactured into skilled laborers and professional men, while it could be done as well here, while the transportation could be saved, and while the means consumed in the education could be distributed through the Territory, contributing, however slightly, to the wealth of all her citizens, and building and fostering her educational facilities which are so much in need of encouragement.

This is one inconsistency of which we have yet topurge ourselves. The demand for skilled labor and for professional judgment, is so great here, and in the surrounding States and Territories, that it would justify the establishment of courses of instruction, in connection with the University, in which our young men and young women could be thoroughly educated in all the branches necessary to fit them to fill the varied professional pursuits which are a source of credit and of revenue.

Not only could the demand here be supplied; but, instead of inviting professional skill to come here, as we do now, we could furnish skill and educated intelligence and judgment for other

Territories and States.

It seems idle to say the investment would not pay, and the emphatic assertion that the Territory could not make a better investment,either in a pecuniary or an intellectual phascj will require a great deal of rhetorical ingenuity and sophistry to overthrow.

There are still other considerations than these.

No college, be it ever so thorough, can educate its students for an entire country, especially in a country as illimitable in extent and as endless and varied in natural resources and industrial pursuits, as our great nation.

Each section of this country has its peculiarities, and needs an education for these pecularities.

A young man educated in the east receives an instruction calculated to fit him for a life in the east, not for the west; and often graduating and returning to the west, he finds, in his experience, that he is compelled to undergo the very difficult and more disagreeable task of unlearning a great many things, which, while of great value in the east, are useless, if not injurious, here; and he is forced to trust to his individual experience for information on

THE UNIVERSITY OF DESERET.

topics which were unreached in his college career, for the reason that no necessity for instruction on these topics existed where he received his education.

This is not always the case, but he is a rare young man, or has a rare education, or is of a decidedly contented disposition,who has not had some of these difficulties to contend with.

Moreover, a young man sent east, or north, or south, from one section of country to another, to be educated, imbibes the peculiarities of that section as naturally as he breathes the air of heaven lie drinks these peculiarities in like the refreshing water, and they become a part of him as does his food.

He cannot help it, for it is none other than the e!xercise of the love of country which God has placed in all His creatures, to some extent. No place becomes more dear or more sacred to man, after home, than the spot where he was educated.

Young men sent from America to Germany to be educated, return home, not Americans, but Germans;

young men sent east from here to be educated, return, not the offspring of Utah, but the children of the place where they were educated; and they must be remodeled or re-educated to their own country when they return.

This too, has its exceptions, but it is the rule. The impressions made during education are only equalled in lasting qualities with those received during childhood.

The scener}', associations, customs, the very air, are different, and all have their weight in the formation of character.

And herein is another, and I believe a strong reason, why the University of Deseret should be put upon a basis where it could educate our local intelligence, and supply our own and the demands of adjoining territories and States, for skilled mechanics, for artisans, for engineers and for professional men.

We judge of the life of man, not so much by the number of years he lives, as by the amount of good he accomplishes.

So the condition of a people is judged, not by the number of years it has been identified as a people, nor by its population, but by its industries, productiveness and intelligence—by the degree of advancement made by a community or a people in industrial pursuits.

The productiveness of the industries and intelligence of the producers.

The greater the intelligence of the laborers, and the skilled artisans and mechanics, the more varied and profitable the industries.

For this reason the University of Deseret, as the representative educational institution of this Territory, will always stand as the exponent of the intellectual, and therefore the industrial status of the people of Utah.

We cannot escape the test;

it is the universal one; and while the test would not reflect discredit, it certainly will not cause us to inflate ourselves with pride.

It is not sufficient that we compare favorably with others who are in truth, poor enough—we should strive to lead in this as in everything else in life.

Every parent desires to see his children the brightest in the school;

every citizen should feel the same pride in seeing that the schools of his city, his county, his territory, are the best to be found anywhere.

This has not been the spirit manifested, or we should not now be as far behind our days in these matters, as the pioneers of the provisional government were in advance of their day.

They have not dropped their mantle on us, or we have failed to make use of it if they have.

In a series of articles on so exhaustless a subject, it is somewhat difificult to be as cogent in reasons as if the series were embraced in one paper.

The object of these has been to show that educated labor is always superior to merely mechanical or manual labor;

that education and labor, hard labor, are not inseparable that the greater and better the education, the greater the productive capacity of any one person, or of any community;

the better the class of labor, and the greater return for it;

that education is power, is beauty, is contentment as it is intelligence;

that it is influence;

that it is the glory of God, and that it has its birthplace directly and indirectly in the schoolroom; and as- all things have their source, for Utah Terri-

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

torv, the source of education, and its consequent blessings, is tlie University of Deseret.

The miiterial and intellectual interests of a country are inseparable; when you make people intellectual you increase the material interests of the country they inhabit, on the groand that the higher the education of the laborer, the higher is that of his superior, in an intellectual sense, and the greater is the capacity of both to produce; and if you would advance the intellectual status of a people, it must be done through a development of the material interests.

They go hand in hand;

they are inseparable.

Admitting the truth of this, whichever way we turn,with the hope of benefiting our Territory and her people.

the University of Deseret rises before us as the instrument through which "this good may be accomplished.

The more I think on the subject, the more absolutely am I convinced that in no way can the material interests of Utah Territory or the intellectual advancement of the people be more surely encouraged, or more rapidly and permanently developed than through the medium of the University of Deseret.

Will we show that we appreciate this fact, by lending our efforts to its upbuilding, to extending its influence, and to placing it in the exalted position which it should be our pride to see the State educational institution of the Territory occupy;

R. W. Sloan.

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

Editor Contributor:

I feel deeply sensible of the importance, and also of the sacred responsibility of writing up the "Chronicles of Utah, with Notes and Queries,"the caption

I have chosen, subject to your approval.

I wish to do justice to those who have, many of them, been unknown to fame, but whose works remain;

of whom the words of Gray may be spoken with propriety:

"Full many a gem of purest ray, serene,

The dark unfathomed caves of ocean bear:

Full many a flower is born to blush unseen,

And waste its fragrance on the desert air."

I remain. Dear Brother, Yours fraternally, Beta.

I.

More than a third of a century has passed away since the Pioneers entered these valleys, and many of them have passed away for ever; the remainder of these brave ones will soon have left us;

there is, however, yet time to do some justice to their memory, by placing on record, in an abiding form, a history of their deeds.

"There were giants upon the earth in those days,"'"'mighty men of old, men of renown"they have proved this by their works!

To no one so truly belongs the prerogative of recording their doings as to their sons and daughters.

Who among them will help in this good work.?

Perhaps it would be more appropriate to say, who will not help in perpetuating the memory of those who have done so much to secure for the present generation, so manifold, the material blessings of the earth and the heavens?

It is not too late to do this, although many outside the pale of this communnity are already on the alert to monopolize the data they can obtain, from pecuniary motives, as well as to applaud the actions of some who, in their day, have been known among us, at the expense of others equally worthy of enduring fame.

This men may have a right to do, but this does not deprive us of equal right to preserve, in our own way, in our own publications, mementos of the sayings and doings, the life histories, as far as obtainable, of those whose memories are dear to us by the fondest associations of parental, fraternal and religious sympathies.

P'ortunately there now appears to be ample material for collating and making a correct statement of facts of our early

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

history as a people, in these valleys.

Papers issued under the auspices, and sanctioned by the authorities of the Church, as well as manuscripts, are accessible to the historian.

There are also still living those who can respond to inquiries, those who assisted in making history by assisting in building up our settlements, in founding and perpetuating our most cherished institutions.

With the glorious Twenty-fourth of July, 1847, all are familiar, when the "pioneers,"one hundred and forty-three persons, who had left the Missouri River on the fourth of the April preceding, came and saw, and conquered the sagebrush, the crickets and the drought.

How that on that day the heroes broke up the soil and ''subdued it,"planting potatoes for the sustenance of the common brotherhood.

Then, after "nooning,"having planted in faith, the rain descended in the afternoon to water the seed they had sown. Who can do justice to the occasion by a bare recital of events?

More than a hundred human hearts beating in unison, each animated by the same inspiring faith and hope, vieing with each other in laboring for the common good, laying the foundation for a permanent home for themselves, and building up a city for the Saints of Latter-days.

These were braves indeed!

Ever ready to do battle with the elements, to conquer the most adverse circumstances incidental to humanity, a wild, inhospitable, prairie country, with armies of destroyers in the shape of devastating insects, ready to consume the food of the little colony, and no friendly neighbor to lend them a helping hand against the enemy,or to minister to their wants. This was a battle requiring more courage and endurance than the vaunted bravery of invading hosts who enter a civilized country to devastate and plunder.

Not with a panoply of mail, they came;

As came the Bastard king to Albion's shore,

To slay the owners of the soil, consign to flame The sacred banners that their fathers bore;

To make marauders rich by robbery and Song

And shout their praises in eternal song!

We have here no "Doomsday book"* ^Doomsday Book, a corruption of Domiis Dei to point proudly to, as containing the names of our fathers, whose names were written in deeds of spoliation and blood;

but of men who, imbued with the love of their country and their God, fought for liberty, by fleeing from oppression, and founded a home, away from the haunts of unholy men, of whom it may be justly said, in the words of the poet:

"Man's inhumanity to man, makes countless thousands mourn."When the city was first settled, there was a supply of water from the Wasatch. Mountains, which flowed down a canon on the northeast of the city, now known as "City Creek."The course of the stream was very irregular, being broken up into little rivulets, one of which took its course a little east of the present Deseret News building, and thence by the site of the residence of President D. H. Wells, to the site of the

White House, where the stream was broken up into a kind of willow bed, from whence it found its way to the Jordan River, on the west.

One branch of the City Creek flowed across the site of the Temple block, near the present Endowment house. To regulate this stream so as to supply the wants of the colony, was the business of the new settlers, whose hands were strengthened by the arrival of about one hundred and fifty men from the "Mormon Battalion,"under the command of Captain Brown.

These had come from Pueblo, by way of

Laramie, accompanied by a party of im_ migrants from the State of Mississippi.

Their arrival was on the 2gth of July, 1847; two days afterwards, (on the 31st),

Great Salt Lake City, (the name by which (house of God. book), so called from being kept in Westminster Abbey.

It is in two volumes, one containing three hundred and eighty pages, the other four hundred and fifty pages.

These are in the Chapter House, and our young men may consult them, when there, by paying a fee of six shillings and eight pence for a search, and four pence for every line extracted.

These volumes contain the names of the soldiery and adventurers who assisted William the Conqueror when he invaded England in 1066, and of the ancestors of many of the present noble families of Great Britian.

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

this city was then known), was surveyed and divided into blocks of ten acres each, eight lots to each block.

The streets were laid out at right angles, running due north and south, intersected by others running east and west;

the width of each street being eight rods.

The latitude of the north side of the Temple block was determined by Professor Orson

Pratt, Senior, and found to be forty degrees, forty-five minutes, forty-four seconds north, by solar observations; and one hundred and eleven degrees, twentysix minutes, thirty-four seconds longitude, west of Greenwich, as determined by lunar distances, with sextant and circle the altitude, above sea level, four thousand three hundred feet.

The activity of the new colony was truly marvelous at this time, considering the very trying circumstances by which they were surrounded.

Amid all these unprecedented trials and difficulties, about seventy of the Pioneers were called to go to "winter quarters,"on the Missouri river, to assist in bringing on the immigration from that place.

This party left the city on the 25th of August;

on the 26th the colonists had laid out a fort, in the southwest part of the city, and built twenty- seven log houses, had ploughed up and planted eighty-four acres with corn, potatoes, beans, buckwheat, etc., and commenced the manufacture of salt.

In the mean time the work of improvement was steadily going on;

water courses were made through the principal streets in furtherence of the general design, which was to provide water for each city lot, for domestic use and irrigation.

It had been intended to plant shade trees in front of each of the city blocks.

To some extent this was done, as may be still seen hi various parts of the city.

With the growth of the city, and increase of population, the original plan of having only eight lots on a block, has been departed from, especially in the central and business part of the city.

Cotemporaneous with the labors of the new settlers here, during the year 1848, President Brigham Young was busily engaged in preparing the brethren at Winter Quarters, for emigration.

They were organized into companies for the journey across the plains.

One thousand eight hundred and ninety-one men, women and children, with six hundred and twentythree wagons, left Winter Quarters on the 31st of May, 1848, and arrived in this city in charge of President Young, on the 20th of September following.

At that time the P'ort contained four hundred and fifty buildings, and there were three saw mills and one flour mill constructed, and in operation, in the city.

Before the year 1848 had closed, the settlements of Davis and Weber counties commenced.

Considerable bread-stuff had been raised, various trades had been started, the site of the Temple Block and other public works had been determined on, and general peace and prosperity prevailed.

As a successful termination to harvest labors had been realized, a "feast"was given to the inhabitants, on the loth of August, '*to celebrate the first harvest"gathered in the Great Salt Lake basin.

Among the new and important industries started during the year 1848, was the manufacture of "adobes,"or sun dried brick.

These were made from a suitable plastic earth, found in the lower wards of the city.

The business of collecting scrap iron and making cut nails, and other articles, was begun.

Explorations were made for discovering useful building rocks, and quarries were opened to supply the inhabitants.

Various useful earths and salt were collected for analysis, mineral waters from the various springs were sent east for examination.

To the praise of our leading men it should be known that no industry was beneath their notice; and many of our most prominent and wealthy citizens of to-day, were foremost in engaging in enterprises that have resulted in immense good to the community.

Beta.

If a man is in such a physical and moral condition that it becomes necessary for him to walk on both sides of the street at once, it is no time to deliver a lecture on temperance. Your better way is to pass between him and go quietly home.

HOME.

HOME CASTLE BUILDING.

Of all subjects connected with home, the air castles we mentally build in our semi-sleeping dreams, are the most interesting. They possess an enchantment we cannot understand.

"Our future home!"What should it be like?

What special architectural display can we find, that will be plain, substantial and a deviation fromthe local styles?

What internal arrangement can be made to please the eye, suit the convenience, and conduce to health and happiness?

These questions are important, and the difficulty of answering can be appreciated only by those who have made experiments.

The young man, of moderate means, just settling in life, is anxious to live in his own house though it be "ever so humble."

A house brings with its train of thoughts our brightest ideas of "home"in its true sense.

Our castle may be at first, only a shelter from the inclemencies of weather and the world.

A place of solitude from impertinent gazers and unprincipled gossips.

But as a shelter merely, how we recoil from the thought!

That is the mortal body, subject to the dissolution of death, if the soul be not allowed to dwell therein.

But this is the enchantment which gives peculiar strength to the leading idea of "Home,

Sweet Home.""Air castles"seem to take possession of us as a superior power.

All our impulses lead in one direction.

We walk and are absorbed in thought;

sit, and our musings, beyond control, urge us to one common aim.

There is no escape from this inspiration, and a solution of the vexed question gives the only possibility of relief.

Still, during this time, we dwell in a paradise of imagination, and all ideas, purposes and hopes take tangible form.

We live enraptured by a spell, and awaken to a realization of the cold and unsympathetic character of our associates.

Humanity affords no encouragement; and to the humble beings in natures walks we make appeal:

The little ant, with 'its myriads of relations and friends, finds obstacles removed, huge rocks carried from place to place, broad roads, fine walks, spacious galleries, and boundless i-oom.

Their granaries filled with the choice things of earth, no dissipating foe to mar their happiness.

Thus secure they work in harmony, affoifding an example of co-operation, that man, with all his boasted strength and wisdom, cannot follow.

Next, to the bee we go.

But he too has helping friends, invincible in peace or war.

The opinion of rivals makes no difference to them.

An idea started they are all alive with expectation.

There are no dissenters, and with one purpose they essay forth, nor rest content until their object is accomplished. With no thought of time and space, they wander till a home is found.

Now, near and far,* they seek the stores of nature.

The simplest flower in the field, on the mountains rocky crest, must, with the grand productions of the florists'skill, and the majestic beauties of the forest, render up their sweets to these invincible explorers.

To the birds of air we seek to fiy for consolation.

They too are busy and intent on one object, the same as ours.

The little chippy, modest in dress and pretension, is satisfied with wild sage or other underbrush for shelter.

The material he seeks from carcasses of horse and cattle, and from thorns and thistles, that kindly borrow from passing flocks and herds a tuft of hair or wool, as lining for the nests.

With what audacity the little fellows invade the domains of men, and take therefrom the needed materials, when not to be found elsewhere.

In contrast with this downy nest, the eagle, bold and defiant, seeks some high, overhanging cliff, throws together a few rough sticks and rushes, and rears his young in grandeur.

His eyry—simple, rugged and secure, stamps on the young the lesson of its qualities.

The squirrel now intrudes, and following him, a new phase presents itself.

A simple hole in the ground, beneath some old tree, affords all the shelter needed.

»5o HOME.

and gives a storehouse for winter supplies.

Nature, to whom an appeal was made, teaches that those who make homes adapt them to their conditions.

Instinct gives the impulse, and that obeyed, convenience and protection are secured, style is wholly disregarded, and they live in luxury.

But with man instinct combines with reason, and the latter quality weakens the power of its humbler partner.

Reason, so callfid, makes it necessary to conform in outline and arrangement, with certain established forms, no matter how much at variance with the best results.

Instinct in animals is a better guide than instinct-reason in man.

A good situation secured, health and convenience are the principal considerations.

To insure the former, we would, if possible, have one bed-room, dining-room and parlor on the south so that in sickness we might have a nursery, where early warmth and light would lend Iheir restoring powers; where in health we might be invigorated whether as a family circle or in society.

Opening into the bed-room a bath-room and closet.

And adjoining the dining-room, to be entered through a pantry, would be the kitchen.

After this, size of family and number of inmates will determine the other bed-rooms, library, etc.

In planning a house, everything, where not contrary to health, should be done with a view to the convenience of the housewife.

How often we iind kitchen and dining room thirty or forty feet apart, and pantry nearly as far from both.

So, that, when the weary housekeeper, goes in search of some article of food, she walks several rods before finding it.

A short walk like that would be nothing, if it were not repeated hundreds of times daily.

And what need of this extra walking, when one-half or one-fourth the distance will suffice.

Housework is not always interesting, and being done from a sense of duty only, may sometime become drudgery.

Many steps may be saved by having a pantry for tinware, fruits and general supplies, opening into the kitchen on one side; and the one su2:£fested above for china and glass, on the way to the dining room. While these two rooms are generally thrown in out of the way places, unfit for anything else, they are really the most important in the house.

The dining room is best adapted for general use, and should be in a pleasant situation.

The parlor should not be the stately room of many dwellings, opened only on special occasions, and then always with fear lest something might be misplaced or broken.

The organ or piano in one corner, sofa, lounge, easy chairs and centre-table, as stift'and immovable as if stationary parts of the house, carpet, curtains, lambrequins and wall paper out of all proportions to such articles in other rooms.

Fine pictures, tasteful statuettes and elegant vases held in profusion on costly brackets, and all for what?

For the accommodation of friends who exist only in thought;

of visitors who come occasionally out of curiosity to see what novelties we may have of "calling"gossips who rightly accuse us of extravagance, and possibly—

who knows?—dishonesty. For the benefit of such people, we deprive our families of some necessities and many little luxuries that would afford much comfort and happiness.

The children seldom seethe inside of"the parlor for fear some prize should be damaged or the room disordered.

What if the damage be done?

Is not the pleasure of wife and children of more consequence than a bauble to be bought lor money;

or the entertainment of quasi-friends who are friends only while our feasts are good?

Let the parlor be in a pleasant part of the house.

Furnish it well if you can, but with substantial beauties, and then throw it open for the "family."Let its attractions refresh yourself and wife and enchant the httle ones.

Instead of the cold, deserted aspect of the proverbial parlor, let it beam with sunlight and love, and happiness will add stimulus to its material delights.

The material used for walls will not matter much if put together substantially, and with no attempt at extreme nicety.

In this country there is nothing better than adobes or brick.

Some will prefei'

THE SPOUTING WELL AT KANE.

rock and others choose frame, rustic sided and lined with adobes.

This point may be decided to suit personal notions, but consider well the merits of the several classes.

Inside and out, let the work be good, as heavy as practicable, and well proportioned.

Have doors and windows fully large, with the sash not too much divided for glass.

A few large lights are much more cheerful than eight by ten or other common sizes.

Have abundance of light, not too many doors, but wherever needed and not detrimental.

For paint, suit the fancy on inside, except to remember that very delicate shades are fatal to ordinary colors and the complexion of ladies.

Men are not particular as a rule.

But for the outside, especially rustic siding,avoid light shades—white, blue, pink, lavender, and others.

They all look, as a writer in Scribner says:

"As though they were cold, and were wailing to be carried into the parlor."If a pretty house is wanted, these shades will produce the effect.

But if we desire a building that will look capable of withstanding blows and beatings, heat and cold, tempest and sunsliinc, choose a color that has solidity and endurance stamped on its face.

The first considerations of health and convenience—almost synonymous words in this sense—being secured, the other matters may regulate themselves.

Some deviations can be made, but still should not change the object—to save time and steps to the maid or housewife.

Some may not care to save the former any trouble, and many men would not their wives.

But since such persons are relics of a barbaric age, from which we are rapidly growing, their numbers may be expected to decrease rapidly.

Tq the young men—for whom these words are written—determine at first to make your partner's work as light as possible.

Saving of steps will finally result in economy, health, wealth and happiness, and the life of many a good woman would be greatly lengthened, her continued presence being a constant source of joy to him who in their early union, sought to be considerate.

He dared to be a gentleman, even to his wife.

T.

No man is free who docs not command himself.—Pyth agoras He who thinks he can do without the world deceives himself;

but he who thinks the world cannot do without him is still more in error.

La Roiiclicfoitcald.

™i<: SPOUTING WELL AT KANE.

In the summer of 1878, the writer was one of a party of six who traveled from

Washington, D. C, to visit that staunch friend of our people, Major-General Thomas L.

Kane, at his rural home in Pennsylvania.

We reached the little station, named by the railroad company in honor of our host, early.in the afternoon.

It is situated in the very top of the Alleghany Mountains, and is quite a summer resort on account of its cool, pure atmosphere^ its chalybeate and other medicinal springs, the water of which, besides being eminently healthful is withal agreeable to the taste, and the pleasant surroundings, so quiet and yet so quaintly industrious.

All the land in the neighl^orhood, comprising several square miles, is owned by General Kane, who is looked upon as a father and universally beloved by all the honest country folks around.

His residence is a picturesque villa, standing on the summit of a commanding elevation, and though completely encompassed by dense woods, lines of clearings have been so ingeniously made that scarcely a single part of the horizon is hidden from view.

At any hour of the day may be heard the pleasant lowing of cattle, the busy clink of hammers or the merry laughter of children; and yet looking from this eminence the scene seems a great boundless solitude of hills and hollows, mountains and valleys, but everywhere woods—all in all, a picture of indescribable beauty.

THE SPOUTING WELL AT KANE.

We received a hearty welcome from the hospitable family, and after a few moments of desultory conversation on current topics, we younger ones withdrew, leaving our elders alone to talk over the matters of business which had called them together.

We were to spen'd a day there, and I had nothing to do but to pass away the time in any manner that suited me.

So as the gunning was not then first-class and in order to give me an opportunity to see one of the curiosities of that interesting region, a son of our host suggested a visit to the "spouting well,"a phenomenon the neighborhood prided itself upon.

It was his father's property, my friend told me. and about four miles distant;

so it was agreed that three of us, two of the General's sons and I, should visit the locality.

Early next morning, after a hearty breakfast of the small, but delicious mountain trout, caught in the fishpond of our entertainer, and equipped with guns and gamebags, as it was thought wild pigeons might be seen, we set out.

The road, which was at best only a rough trail, led through the thick and shady forest, wtose giant trees were covered from top to bottom with beautiful climbing vines of many different kinds.

The earth, except where broken by innumerable crystal springs, was carpeted with a luxuriant moss, presenting to the eye a most elegant variety of hues, changing at every step with the shifting glances of the sunlight.

Hundreds of pigeons fluttered in the boughs overhead, and occasionally a slight rustle in the undergrowth betrayed the presence of some startled land animal.

All this was so new and enchanting to me, raised in the desert valleys of the Rocky

Mountains, that I almost wished the walk might never end.

Presently a rumbling noise was heard, sounding like the distant puffing of a locomotive.

It lasted a few seconds, and then gradually died away, as though the snorting monster had left us far behind.

Soon the puff was heard again, this time louder and apparently close at hand.

Again it subsided, and I, following my companions, broke into a run, the goal being a little glade just visible through the woods.

It was a circular clearing on the side hill, probably four rods in diameter.

Near the centre of it an unused scaffolding reared itself high in air^ and covered a hole about a foot in diameter, out of which projected several feet of rusty, iron pipe.

Drawing nearer to the structure, which was dripping with water, I noticed a strong smell of petroleum, and heard again the rumblings sound, now with greater distinctness, which seemed to be borne through the tube from the ground under our feet. As the sound increased the noise of rushing waters became audible, and with a feeling of awe,on my part at least, we moved hastily away.

When a few rods distant we stopped, and looking back, beheld the water foaming and spouting over the top of the pipe.

At each throb, for by that word only can I express the movement of the water, it rose higher and higher, until at length in one enormous,, jorolonged jet, hundreds of gallons were sent dashing against the very top of the scaffolding.

All this time the sound had been increasing in intensity until now it was almost deafening.

After a few seconds of this thunderous roar, a momentary hush came and then the tumult gradually died away.

It had scarcely become indistinct when again the enraged earth bellowed forth like some gigantic monster,, with even greater intensity than before, after which it rapidly subsided and was quiet for nine minutes, when the same grand scene was repeated. During these moments of inactivity, we approached the soaking timbers, which seemed to tremble and groan at their recent trial, and reaching through,presented a lighted match at the end of the pipe.

A slight explosion followed and the gas burned with brilliancy and steadiness. We did not wait to.

extinguish it, as tlie water was again bubbling and rushing far down in the depths, and again betook ourselves to a point sufficiently distant to insure us against the shower bath.

I expected, of course, that our little illumination would be overwhelmed, but to my surjDrise and wonderment, I saw a little tongue of flame glancing from every drop of water as the stream mounted higher and hig-her,

THE DA Y IS DONE.

until the whole mass, superstructure and all, was wrapped in a gorgeous, manycolored garment of dazzling light.

This magnificent spectacle lasted until the water had again disappeared in the earth and for some minutes afterward I was dazed into a feeling nearly akin to terror.

My companions explained to me that the well was orginally bored for oil;

that it was over seventeen hundred feet deep;

that the iron pipe or curbing had become detached from the machinery and separated so as to allow the water to flow in;

and that consequently, at the very moment of success, when oil was almost in sight, the design had to be abandoned and all the labor and means had been wasted.

The smell of petroleum was almost stifling, and my curiosity in taking a mouthful of the water was rewarded by the discovery, that so far as I could tell by the taste, it was an excellent quality of coal oil, they assured me, however, that it was only a "little oily."During the two years since the well was bored, there had not been the slightest variation in the interval between the eruptions, which always came as I have attempted to describe—a second one immediately following the first, and then a period of rest for nine minutes, during which time the well seems to fill up with a fresh supply.

The story would read better if I (fould add that blind fish were sometimes vomited out of this liquid volcano, but my veracious friends would not admit that anything of the kind had been detected.

They did say, however, that sharp, angular pieces of rock, very much resembling soapstone, were frequently picked up and carried away as specimens of the nether earth.

I listened with interest to these accounts, as well as to many ridiculous stories of fright the well had caused to timid strangers, some of which were irresistibly laughable.

While we thus Ij^lked and ate our luncheon, the well favored us with two more exhibitions of its powers, and then we set out on our return.

At 3 o'clock that afternoon I left the little town of Kane, and four days afterwards was at my home in Salt Lake City.

Jaqucc.

THE DAY IS DONE.

The day is done, and the darkness Falls from the wings of Night,

As a feather is wafted downward

From an eagle in his flight.

I see the lights of the village

Gleam through the rain and the mist.

And a feeling of sadness comes o'er me

That my soul cannot resist.

A feeling of sadness and longing.

That is not akin to pain.

And resembles sorrow only As the mist resembles the rain.

Come, read to me some poem,.

Some simple and heartfelt lay.

That shall soothe this restless feeling.

And banish the thoughts of day.

Not from the grand old masters.

Not from the bards sublime, Whose distant footsteps echo Through the corridors of Time.

For, like the strains of martial music,

Their mighty thoughts suggest Life's endless toil and endeavor;

And to-night I long for rest.

Read from some humbler poet, Whose songs gushed from his heart,

As showers from the clouds of summer,

Or tears from the eyelids start;

Who, through long days of labor,

And nights devoid of ease.

Still heard in his soul the music

Of wonderful melodies.

Such songs have power to quiet

The restless pulse of care, And come like the benediction That follows after prayer.

Then read from the treasured volume.

The poem of thy choice, And lend to the rhyme of the poet

The beauty of thy voice.

And the night shall be filled with music,

And the cares, that infest the day.

Shall fold their tents, like the Arabs,

And as silently steal away^ Longfellow.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publishem terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, February, i88i.

A LIVING MARTYR.

On the 20th of January, Elder George

Reynolds was released from imprisonment, in the Utah penitentiary, having served the fall legal term, to which he was sentenced.

He emerges, from the prison walls, a living mart}^ to the cau^ of Zion, with a history hardly paralleled in the lives of the martyrs of olden or modern times.

He was not only a prisoner for conscience sake, but a representative prisoner suffering for the conscientious faith of the whole people. He has stood the test that God suffered to be put upon him, and has been found true and faithful, having never murmured or complained, but patiently endured the unholy persecution, which he was willing to suffer for the sake of his brethren^ his religion and his God.

We welcome him home again and feel to praise him in the gates.

All Israel honors him!

He will be held in remembrance forever for his heroic integrity in suffering martyrdom for conscience sake, and his example will nerve the faith of thousands in the day of similar trial.

A brief account of the persecutive measures, which had their climax in his conviction and imprisonment, with notes of his personal experience may prove interesting to our readers, though the particulars of his indictments and trials were published in the daily papers at the time of their occurrence.

In the summer and fall of 1874, while Judge Lowe was chief justice of the Territorial Supreme Court and judge of the

Third District Court, and, WiUiam Carey was United States Prosecuting Attorney for Utah, efforts were made to find in"dictments, under the Congressional law of 1862, against polygamy and bigamy, and the arrest and trial of several of the leading authorities was threatened.

As those whom the prosecuting attorney had set upon, were known not to have violated that la vv, their so-called offenses, having been committed jDrevious to its passage, it was apparent that any effort to convict them would be futile and their trials would simply amount to annoyance and persecution.

It was therefore agreed by the prosecuting attorney, and others, that if a suitable person were provided, the contemplated prosecutions would be abandoned, a fair trial would be given him, as a test case, and the constitutionality of the law would be tested.

Our people believing that the Act of would be annulled, on appeal to the Supreme Court.

After this arrangement had been made, the selection of some one to stand the trial was considered, and Elder George

Reynolds, who had not been thought of by the officers, was approached on the subject, and consented to be the victim.

He furnished the witnesses and testimony to the grand jury, and his case was accepted by the attorney as a fair test case.

Accordingly, on Friday October 23, 1874, the grand jury, John Cliislett foreman, reported a true bill against him, and on the following Monday he presented himself in court and plead not guilty to the felony alleged in the indictment.

He was admitted to bail in the sum of twenty-five hundred dollars.

On March 31, 1875, the trial cor^menced and lasted two days. The jury returned a verdict of guilty,and on the loth of April, the prisoner was sentenced to one year's imprisonment, and to pay a fine of three hundred dollars.

An appeal to the Territorial Supreme Court was immediately taken, and Brother Reynolds was liberated under a five thousand dollar bond.

The most intense feeling of enmity and persecution, was manifest during and immediately after this trial, by the prosecuting officers, William Carey and R. N.

Baskin.

They even went so far as to demand the imprisonment of the defend-

EDITORIAL.

^55 ant, pending the appeal to the higher court.

This was however overruled by the judge.

On the 19th of June, the Supreme Court, comprised of Chief Justice

Lowe and Associates Emerson and Boreman, reversed the decision of the lower court, set the indictment aside, on the ground of the illegality of the grand jury which found it, (that body being composed of twenty-three instead of fifteen men, which the law requires,) and Elder

Reynolds was released from his bonds.

On the 30th of the following October, however, the new grand jury, Horace Bliss, foreman, found another indictment against him, and he was again arrested Nov.

I, 1875, plead not guilty and was admitted to bail.

On December 9th his second trial commenced, before Chief Justice White, Lowe having removed, and the following jury:

Henry Simons, foreman, Emanuel Kahn, Eli Ransohoff, B.

F.

Dewey, Charles Read, George Hogan, Ed. L. Butterfield, Frank Cisler,

Samuel Woodard, Nathan J. Lang, John

S. Barnes, Lucien Livingstone.

During this trial the unfair efibrts of the prosecuting attorney, aided by the arbitrary rulings of the court against the prisoner, showed that Carey had departed from his agreement to try the case as a test on the constitutionality of the law, and that he was doing his utmost to fasten criminality upon the prisoner and to secure his punishment.

When this treachery was discovered, the defendant, of course, did his utmost to thwart the prosecution and to save himself.

An incident of the trial will indicate to what extreme measures the zeal of the court and prosecuting attorney carried them.

Mrs.

Amelia Reynolds, Brother Reynolds'second wife, who testified at the first trial, and before the grand jury, in good faith, could not be found when the second trial came, and the vicious efforts of the court to punish her husband, instead of to proceed as agreed upon before, were manifest.

In consequence of the failure of the prosecution to produce this witness, the court permitted the attorney to call the lawyers and others in attendance on the first trial, and accepted their testimony of what Mrs. Reynolds said at that trial as pertinent evidence;

a most unheard of proceeding in any court.

The Jury returned a verdict of guilty, and on December 2 1 St, Brother Reynolds was sentenced to two years at hard labor in the

Detroit House of Correction, and to pay a fine of five hundred dollars.

An appeal was taken to the Territorial Supreme

Court, pending which he was liberated under bonds of ten thousand dollars, W.

H. Hooper and H. B. Clawson sureties.

The case came up on appeal June 13, 1876, and was argued before the three judges. Judge Schaeffer being now chief justice, the associates the same as before.

They listened to the argument, and on July 6th, unanimously confirmed the decision of the District Court.

An appeal was at once taken, as contemplated from the first, to the Supreme Court of the United States, the court of last resort.

Over two years passed before the case came in its order before that august body, when, on the 14th of November, 1878, it was called up.

The attorneys for the appellant were G. W. Biddle, of Philadelphia, and Ben.

Sheeks, of Salt Lake City.

Solicitor General Phillips appeared for the United States.

The arguments occupied two days, and the case was taken under advisement.

On the 6th of January, 1879, Chief Justice Waite delivered the decision of the court, confirming the previous decisions of the lower courts.

It was unanimous but that Justice Field non-concurred on a minor point.

As soon as this decision became known efforts were made for a re-opening of the case, on the ground that the sentence rendered included "hard labor,"which exceeded the law in this case and the authority of the judge to pronounce.

When this matter came before the United

States Supreme Court, instead of setting aside the verdict and ordering the proceedings to be quashed, that body issued the following order, dated May 5, 1879:

"And that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Supreme Court \_i e of the Territory], with instructions to cause the sentence of the District Court to be set aside, and a new

EDITORIAL.

one entered on the verdict in all respects like that before imposed, except so far as it requires the imprisonment to be at hard labor."During the time occupied in remanding from the higher courts to the Third District Court, where the case was tried and the sentence pronounced, a monster petition to the Executive at Washington was prepared, setting forth that the prisoner's was a test case, and asking for his pardon.

The petition was signed by over thirty-two thousand names but was unheeded by the President.

On June 14, 1879, the corrected sentence of two years. imprisonment and five hundred dollars fine was pronounced by Judge Emerson, and on the morning of the 1 6th, Brother Reynolds started in custody of Deputy Marshals Geo.

A.

Black, and Wm.

T.

Shaughnessy for Nebraska State Prison at Lincoln, where he had been ordered by the Department of Justice.

He arrived on the 19th, and was subjected to the usual indignities, which prisoners there must submit too:

his beard being shaved, hair cut and clothes exchanged for the prison garb;

he was assigned the duties of bookkeeper in one of the industrial departments of the prison.

He remained in Lincoln but twenty-five days, when he was ordered back to Utah.

Arriving on the 17th of July, he was conveyed directly to the Penitentiary where he remained until the 2oth of January, 1881, when with the remission of one hundred and forty-four days, provided by the good conduct act of 1880, his term of imprisonment expired.

On Brother Reynolds'return to Utah he was permitted, as are all of the prisoners here, to occupy his time as he chose.

This liberty together with the privelege of seeing his family and friends, when they wished to call upon him, did much to mitigate the distress of his confinement.

He being a student and writer spent much time in study and writing for the press, contributions from his pen, being published in the Contributor, Juvenile Instructor Millennial Star^ News and other papers, periodically, during the whole time of his imprisonment.

During the last five mouths he has been engaged in preparing a concordance of the Book of Mormon, on the general plan of Cruden's Concordance of the Bible.

He has already compiled over twenty-five thousand references.

It is to be hoped that we shall soon see this important work completed and published, as it will be of the greatest assistance to missionaries and all students or readers of the Book of Mormon.

In the Utah Penitentiary there are an average of about fifty prisoners.

Many of them becoming interested in the good advice and example of Elder Reynolds, were enrolled as pupils in a school, which he volunteered to teach, and in which he was quite successful for several months.

The influence he exercised over the prisoners was most salutary.

It being said that from the time of his advent among them until his departure, there was less difficulty or disturbance than would formerly be met in a single week.

General Butler the warden, remarked that "Reynolds was worth more than all his guards, in preserving good order among the prisoners."

Even among the wildest and most wicked it was noticed that they would not indulge their evil propensities, when he was around, as at other times;

thus showing the respect in which he was held.

lii consequence of this assistance to the officers and in appreciation of his deportment and bearing as a man. Marshal

Shaughnessy and Warden Butler, did all in their power, without departing from the line of duty, to make him comfortable and help him in his writing.

He had many difficulties to contend with in the winter time, having no shelter for his paper, or stand on which to write.

We would think it a particular hardship to be obhged to nail our copy on the prison wall and, as we sat on a small stool facing it, write on a lap-board.

In this manner Brother Reynolds has spent many a day in the preparation of matter for publication;

the cold often benumbing his fingers, the dust blinding his eyes, and gusts of wind flurrying his paper all over the prison yard.

For the

WASHAKIE AND FRIDAY.

last few months, the warden permitted him to occupy the guards'dining room, during the day, which very greatly promoted his comfort and enabled him to do much more work.

His health was good aU the time, and but for the nervousness, which nearly always accompanies confinement, no change can be detected in him;

from that a few days of liberty among family and friends will effect entire recovery.

He says he never was happier, for he felt that he was suffering for a just cause, and had a living testimony that God was with him.

Yet to a man of his temperament, fondly attached to home and_ family, the trial must have been a hard one; not only upon him but upon his heroic family, who have suffered equally in all but the loss of physical liberty.

The patient, forbearing and uncomplaining manner in which they have helped to bear this cross, for Zion's sake, deserves the warmest praise from all.

Their example of faith and integrity is an undying one to those who believe as they do, and of itself forever refutes the wicked imputation of the Supreme Court of the United States, that the principle for which they have suffered is not a fundamental and sacred one of a pure religion.

Efforts were made while Brother Reynolds was in prison to secure his pardon, Elder George O. Cannon doing all in his power in that direction, but the

President has turned a deaf ear to all petitions.

Among those who have in-. terested themselves in this respect, it is but just to record the manly effort of the marshal.

Colonel Shaughnessy prepared a petition, setting forth the good character of the prisoner, and the material assistance his deportment and teachings among the prisoners had been to the officers in preserving order, etc.

To this he secured the signature of Chief Justice

Hunter, Associate Emerson and Attorney Van Zile declining, and forwarded it to Washington.

Though nothing resulted from it, it is creditable to the officers who prepared it.

But petitions are now not necessary, without executive clemency or special favors, Elder Reynolds has paid the penalty our country has imposed upon her children, who desire to serve God as well as the Constitution.

He has proved himself a man of God;

and though restricted in the exercise of citizenship, has manifested nobler qualifications for ciiizenship, than those who have degraded themselves by persecuting him for conscience sake.

WASHAKIE AND FRIDAY.

It appears to be a question in the minds of very many of the American people, whether the red man has the capacity for attaining unto a better life than that of a roaming savage or whether he has any claims of humanity upon the superior race.

Now, the sooner the public becomes acquainted with the true condition and capabilities of the aborigines, the sooner the so-called "Indian problem"will be solved;

for it is hard to make a successful effort at genuine reformation in advance of an enlightened public opinion.

The general estimate placed upon this unfortunate race has been based too largely, we think, upon the "History of the Murders of Early Settlers by the Savages,"and upon the current literature of "Border Life,"in which they are treated of as "red-skin devils,"incapable of anything better than treachery aud inhuman cruelty.

If the Indian is not human, not susceptible of culture, why not devise a speedier, cheaper and more humane plan for his extermination than that of guarding him with soldiers, supplying him with bad whiskey,and just enough rations to keep him idle and worthless: and suffering him to die by degrees with loathsome disease?

If he is human and capable of being civiHzed, why not drop him as a hobby of political gambling, treat him as a man, furnish the necessary

WASHAKIE AND FRIDAY.

means for educating him in common English, in industrial pursuits, and in cleanliness and morals?

Among the many of the Indian race, we present sketches of two, who, under other circumstances might have made their mark in the world as intelligent and useful men.

Washakie is the head chief of the Shoshone or Snake Indians, a band of about twelve hundred and fifty, located in Western Wyoming.

He regards railroads with superstitious awe, and could never be induced to board a train of cars, though he has been repeatedly urged to make a trip to Washington.

That he enjoys a fair reputation, may be inferred from the fact that the military post and post-office, formerly known as Camp Brown, has been christened

Fort Washakie and a railroad station was also named in honor of this chief.

Wa-sha-kie signifies, in their language, "kills on the run;"and the Sioux, who formerly raided into his dominions, will probably acknowledge the name as applicable to its possessor.

Six years ago a band of these marauders made a swoop upon the agency, shot the herd boy, and were making off with the horses, when Washakie discovered them.

He mounted his horse, and, yelling to his men to follow, dashed in among the murderers, who were intent upon getting away with the stocK, and killed and wounded several of them, single handed, with his revolver.

He is an adherent to the Mormon faith, and occasionally makes a pilgrimage to Salt Lake, the Mecca of Mormonism.

He practices polygamy, and rules the harem with considerable fi.rmness, although his two wives appear quite happy and contented.

He recently lost two wives and several of his eighteen children.

A mother-in-law who became somewhat intractable, he promptly despatched for "the happy hunting grounds."He will not suffer his men to abuse their women in his presence.

At a Sun dance, a few years ago, a Shoshone ordered his squaw to go home and attend to some household duties.

Being interested in the dance, she dallied, and he commenced beating her.

Washakie oi^dered him to stop.

He replied, "My wife must obey me,"and struck her again.

The autocratic chief enforced his dictum by deliberately shooting the offender on the spot.

He is sociable, respectful, and dignified in his conversation and dealings with white men, unless under the influence of liquor; he then becomes, at times, dictatorial and insolent.

Last summer Maj. Patten, then agent, made requisition on the chief for teams and teamsters to bring in their annuities from the railroad.

It happened that Washakie had just returned from a visit to some of his white friends (?) where he had obtained a supply of "fire-water."He therefore told the Major that his men should not use their horses for freighting, that it would unfit them for the buffalo hunt.

The agent replied that the department required them to do their own freighting, and that he must furnish the teams.

"Patten, you're too fast,"said the chief, striking him.

Receiving a blow in return, he attempted to draw his revolver on the agent.

Thus through the influence of whiskey, a tragedy was nearly enacted.

Drunken rows ending in murder are of common occurrence among these people, as all who know anything about Indian life can testify.

Washakie has this season fenced about twenty-five acres of land and constructed irrigating ditches without any assistance from white men; and for the first time has saved hay for wintering his stock.

Had this chief enjoyed the advantages of a civilized education, with favorable surroundings, might he not have become an enterprising and even influential citizen?

Prominent among the leaders of the Arapahoes are Black Coal, Sharp Nose and Friday.

The northern tribe, of which Black Coal is the leading spirit, numbers about one thousand.

These Indians have only been about five years off the war-path.

Previous to that they carried on a kind of running warfare with roving bands of Sioux and Cheyennes, and made raids upon white settlers and emigrants.

These chiefs say they are sick and tired of such a life;

that they

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

desire henceforward to travel the white man's road, and learn the ways of earning an honest living.

A number of them have laid claims to homesteads, fenced garden patches, and some of them'built corrals for their cows.

According to the treaty stipulations, they are entitled to school buildings and schools, but no buildings have yet been furnished them, though they have repeatedly asked for them, and their children have shown themselves apt at learning.

Sharp Nose, hke Washakie, is a polygamist.

He is said to be one of the best scouts and guides in the Rocky Mountain country.

Black Coal has but one wife, and seems to be a kind husband and an affectionate father.

He manifests an anxiety that all his people, and especially the children, should learn the ways of civihzation as fast as possible.

Friday, the interpreter for the Arapahoes, is about sixty years old,and has not a white hair in his head.

A singular event of his early life has been of great advantage to him and his tribe.

At the age of seven he and a playmate were rambling through the woods in search of birds'nests, when the Indians moved camp without missing them, and the boys were lost.

A trapper named Fitzpatrick, on his way to St. Louis with his furs, came across the wanderers, captured Friday and took him along.

At St. Louis he was put into a Roman Catholic school.

where he learned to read.

Seven years after this the trapper came across the tribe and inquired if they had lost a boy seven years before.

A bargain was soon struck between the parties, in which the parents of the stolen child agreed to deliver seven horses for his ransom.

On his return to St. Louis, Fitzpatrick had an interview with Friday, but finding that the boy was not willing to accompany him back to the tribe, he resorted to deception to kidnap him.

He prevailed on the boy to take a short ride with him which proved, however, a rather long one, for he kept on till the tribe was found.

The boy was delivered to the rejoicing parents, and the trapper received in return the horses agreed upon.

Friday says he felt glad on first meeting again with his own people; but when the thought of exchanging the better surroundings that he had enjoyed for a home for life in the filthy lodge, it overcame him and he wept bitterly. He soon, however, became accustomed to his former habits, and so he has wandered all these years with his tribe.

Since the treaty with the tribe he has been under pay as a government interpreter.

He has lately taken a homestead, has a splendid garden and a good corral.

Fie is surrounded with his children and grandchildren, among the latter being Hayes, Grant, and Garfield, three very bright lads.

Phrenological yoitrnaL ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

The Quarterly Conference of the

Y. M. M.

I.

Associations of the Weber Stake of Zion, was held in the Ogden Tabernacle, on Sunday, January 16, 1 881.

A large congregation of young people was in attendance.

Two meetings were held during the day.

The forenoon was occupied in hearing reports from the Associations, twenty in number, all of which were reported, except one.

It was decidedly the best conference of any held in Weber County.

The presidents of the Associations were not only prompt in attendance, but they were capable of giving excellent reports of their Associations.

\Yhen the reports were given, Superintendent Joseph A. West gave a general summary of the condition of the

Associations, and some excellent remarks for the guidance of the oificers.

He was pleased to announce that the missionaries.

Elders B.

F. Cummings, jr., aud E. H. Anderson, with the Central Board, had visited every Association in the county, during the past six weeks, and a most enjoyable time had been experienced, which he knew would result in much good to all concerned.

Lively,

i6o ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

pertinent addresses were then given by Elders B. F. Cummings, jr., and Joseph

H. Parry.

In the afternoon, after the opening exercises, the following interesting total statistics were read by Brother Zechariah Ballantyne:

Number of members on January ist, i88i, 591;

number of members at last report, 462;

increase, 129;

number of meetings held, 139; average attendance, 316; chapters read in the Bible, 4,968;

chapters read in the Book of Mormon, 1,974;

sections read in Doctrine and Covenants, 1,080;

chapters read in other Church works, 4,624;

total of chapters and sections read, 12,646.

Cash disbursed, $114.20; cash on hand, January 1st, $148.75.

Greatest number of members, 'j'].

North Ogden.

Greatest increase in three months, 34, Huntsville.

Greatest number of meetings, 14, Harrisville.

Greatest average attendance;

46, Hooperville.

Greatest number of chapters in Bible, 1,600, Huntsville.

Greatest number of chapters in Book of Mormon, 608, Hooperville.

Greatest number of chapters in

Doctrine and Covenants, 382, Hooperville.

Greatest number of chapters in Church works, 1,550, North Ogden.

Greatest total of chapters, 3,300, Huntsville.

Second total of chapters, 2,225, Hooperville.

Third total of chapters, 1,850, North Ogden.

Greatest amount of cash, $79, Fourth Ward, Ogden.

Greatest average of reading per member, chapters, Huntsville.

Second average reading per member, 51^ chapters, First Ward, Ogden.

Third average reading per member 48^ chapters, Hooperville.

The members of the Central Board were then presented and sustained, no change from the former being made except the appointment of Angus T.

Wright as corresponding secretary, in place of Brother Ballantyne, who was released on account of duties in the Sunday School.

When the business items were transacted, discourses by President Wilford

Woodruff and Elder F. D. Richards were given to the audience.

The remarks were of a most edifying and instructive nature, calculated to lead the young to search history, and to study to obtain a knowledge concerning their duties on the earth.

Their fatherly exhortations to the young men will not soon be forgotten by them.

The conference was adjourned for three months, to meet in the Ogden Tabernacle.

Prayer by Elder E. N.

Freeman.

E. H. Anderson, Secy.

BOOK OF MORMON SUBJECTS.

NEPHITIC DISPENSATION.

(Historical Thread.) Period, B. C. 600 to A. D. 421.

1. Zedekiah, king of Judah.

(B.

C.

600).

I Nephi i.

See Bible, Kings xxiv.

2.

Lehi's vision;

his departure "from Jerusalem;

temporary home.

(B.

C.

600).

I Nephi, i.

3. Return of Nephi and his brothers to

Jerusalem for the records, i Nephi, iii, iv.

4. Nephi's second journey to Jerusalem;

Ishmael's family;

rebellion in the Wilderness, (B. C. 600).

i Nephi, vi.

5.

Lehi's vision of the "Man in white robes;""The Tree;""The River;"the "Rod of Iron;"and the"Spacious Building."(B. C. 600).

I Nephi, viii.

6.

Lehi's prophesy concerning {a) John the Baptist;

{b) concerning Christ's baptism by John in the river Jordan.

(B.

C. 600).

I Nephi, X.

7. Nephi's vision concerning Mary, the mother of Jesus.

i Nephi, xi, xii, xiii, xiv.

8. The Director or Ball;

continuation of the journey; second temporary home.

I Nephi, xvi.

9. Eastward journey;

arrival at Bountiful, (Arabia Felix).

(B.C. 592).

I Nephi, xvii.

10.

Birth of Joseph and Jacob;

construction of the ship; departure for the Promised Land at about thirty degrees north latitude; ocean journey;

landing in Chili, South America, about thirty degrees, south latitude.

i Nephi, xvii, xviii.

^Concluded next month.1

AD VERTISEMENl S.

T.

B. CARDON, LOGAN CITY, UTAH.

Clocls, Jewelry, Plate!

Ware S P* E C T^ C C E S.

Ecckford ftniek Tram,"Waltliam, Elgin,

AXD OTHER WATCHES.

J AS. T.HAMMOND, Bookseller & Stationer, LOGAN CITY, UTAH.

CARRIES A FOLL LIST OF CMUMCM ^WOMKS.

Repairing done by Competent Workmen i and Guaranteed.

PICTURES and PORTRAITS « opled agul Kninrged to any Size.

Photographs taken in the Best Style by First-Class Artists.

FRAMES, CHKOMOS, ENGRAYLXGS AND

ALL KINDS OF VIEWS.

Always has In Stock the Standard Historical, Elogi*aphleal and literary Worfcs.

MAKES A SPECIALTY OF Furnishinpf on Short Notice, ANY (Periodical or (Book (Published in the United States.

iismLimiiciVEiitoiii'Ln LOGAN BRANCH, Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS A-IsTID SHOES, Howe Made and Best Imported MaJcesMENS'YOUTHS'-and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves,

SCHOOL AND BLAI^K BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &,C., &C, H.

S. ELDREDGE, Superintendent.

R.

S. WATSON, Manager.

ADVERTISEMEMS.

WHEN YOU BUY THE BEST, IT WILL SURELY BE

A. SA^IN ^V^^AG^ON, They have long been tried, and have stood the test better than any other wagon.

It is so with the Olirer Chillsd ani Uoline Flows, Tiger Hay Hakes, Champion Mines, Triumph Brills, Vibrating; and Scotch Harrows, Eariwood and Warn aterial.

g@* These are first-class goods, and we guarantee full satisfaction.

HOWAIIS SSBHEI!, Salt Lake.

SEBBEE, FEBBIS & HOLT, Ogden.

PeiWe aDfl fete Martels.

1st South St., No.

2nd South St, WHITE & SONS, ProprietorsHave always on hand the ohoioest of meats in season. Pork and Beel Sausages

Bologna and all kinds of dried meats.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, West Temple Street,

Opposite City Meat Market.

MORRIS & EVANS, mn m uonmnial mmi PLASTEI|^ OF PARIS MA!^UFy\CTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRAOTOES;

p. 0. Bor, 1065, SALT LAEE CIT7.

GENERAL DEALERS IN Grain, Flonr and Seeds, 55 and 57 Fast Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

H.

B. CLAWSON.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds^Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

Emm^^ MQmwM M TwrnMB, LBgmmB AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED Studebaker Farm and Spring Wagons, Buckeye Mowers and

Reapers, Furst ^ Bradley South Bend Chilled Plows,

Harrows, Sulky Plows and Makes,

Etc.

..A-XiSO XlEJS>.XJE:Z^S IliT RAHDWOOB, SOLIS, IM, STEEL, CBAIHS, I ALL

KINDS OF Ml FlHUm.

We kindly invite our friends to call and examine our stock before purchasing elsewhere.

FRED.

TURNER, Superintendent.

AD VERTISEMENTS.

P. AUERB A^CH & BRO., In their ITew 3 Story Bniding,""^ "^124 and 126 East Temple Street.

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DRESS GOODS DFPARTJHENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND BOUSE FITRXISHING DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CEOAK AND SHAWE DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and Knit Goods of every description.

CEOTHING AND GENERAE FFRNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERT AND FANCY GOODS DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Domestic Hosiery, Laces, Fringes,

Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs.

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOEESAEK BETERS, Will find our Stock Larger'than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINER Y in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from this and adfolnlng Terrltorle.-* and States Solicited, «rtd honorable treatment Guaranteed.

ESTABLISHED 1864.

W. H. Yearian.

C. L. Hannaman.

W. M. WEAMIAm S G'Q„MEN'S FXTRNISHllsrG GOODS AND FINE HATS, SHIRTS, COLLARS AND CUFFS,

To Order and Ready Made.

UNDERWEAR k HOSIERY, NECKWEAR, SILK k LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, ETC.,

Large Assortment, Latest Styles, at Popular Prices.

W. H. YEARIAN & Co., 122 Main Street, Salt Lake Gity.

E^G^LE HOXJ -^9 SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Eetail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, i^rl of General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOk FAMILY SUPPLIES.

p. 0. BOX. 352.

Ea$t Temple Street.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAIIS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DI^WOODEY'S, First Sotith. Street, Salt Lake City.

A Useful Bool:

for Teachers, Sclio'ars and Sunday Schools, and Highly Becommended, is the BIBLE ALMANAC, For the year of our Lord 13 3 1.

Published by J. H. Hem an, Salt Lake City,

Utah Territory.

PRICE 15 CENTS per Copy. Ask for it at the Bookslores.

!-ent bv tnaii, postpaid.

A LIBEEAL DISCOUNT will he allowed to CANVASSEES.

WM.

H. PETERSEN, B U T C H E The Choicest Meats at the Cheapest Prices.

l^iiS First Soxitli Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

D.

C. YOUNG, C.

E., Plans, Specifications and Estimates Furnished for City and Country Residences Meetinghouses, and all classes of Public Buildings.

Surveying and Drafting Done.

Office in Old Constitution Building.

P.

0. Box 654, Salt Lalie City.

I3Sr lE^ISIOES!

Dry Goods, Groceries, BOOTS AND SHOES.

We pay the HIGHEST CPI^IOE for

Jill- Kinds of (Produce.

DRIED FRUIT A SPECIALTY Orders hy Mail will have Careful Attention.

DAY & CO., P. 0. Box. 428.

Salt Lake City.

PROVO MANUFACTURING COMPANY.

A 0.- SMOOT, PEEST, JAMES DUNN, SUPT.

MANUFACTURERS OF WOOLEN GOOOS, FLANNELS, YARNS, ETC.

The qualify of Our Goods is Unequalled bv Imporlations, and the Prices are as Low.

WE GUARANTEE SATISFACTION TO DEALERS C-^sia:

:r.£iJTJD for "w-o^v^-