Vol.

II, JUNE.

1881.

No.

9.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE REPRESENTING THE YOUXG MEN'S AND YOUXG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

OFFICE:

15 EAST TEMPLE STREET, FIRST DOOR NORTH OF Z. C. M.

I.

TERMS:—Two Dollars a Year, in Advance.

Single Copies, Twenty Cents.

ClUB RATES:—Associations getting up clubs of TEN will receive an extra copy, FREE;

for a club of FIFTEEN, Volume One, handsomely bound, will be given; and for a club of twenty-five, Volume ONE and Volume Two, in uniform bindings, will be given.

Subscriptions will commence with the beginning of the volume, unless otherwise ordered.

Bound copies of Volume One for sale, price #2.50.

Address:

Junius V. Wells, P. O. Box 305, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Remittances should be mide by P.

O. Money Order or Registered Letter

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1881.

p.

Divine Origin of the Rook of Mormon.

Historical Evidences Considered.

Ill Moses Thatcher First Law of Motion Quebec.

v Leaves from the Tree of Life.

Ninth Leaf.

C.

W. Penrose Travels in Italy.

IX.

St. Peter's and the Vatican..."De Valhbus Chronicles of Utah.

V Beta..

......

The Brigham Young Academy.

Ill../"?•

»•

lalmage The Children's Crusade Amalnc......:....

Jehovah's Purposes!

\^^Jefferles, in Millennial Star..

Aphorisms ^Z T"^ Reading H- f- Naisbjtt...

Summer Hunt Editorial:

Writing Letters June Amethyst Knighting of the Black Prince Selected.

Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference Publicarions Received Fish Wagons,B uggies and Phaetons,

The World Renowned J. I Case Ihreshing- JVLaohines in three styles, Eclipse, jkpron or Vibrator, with the celebrated (Pitts or Woodbury Jrfounted or (Down (Power.

The J.

I. Case Chilled (Plows, Steel geam (Plows and Harrows.

Jlvery Gang, Bulky and Walking (Plows, Cultivators.

J.

I. Case Threshers and Horse (Powers, Etc.

KELLY STEEL BARB FENCE WIRE, b 111 PaiiM and Galvanizefl.

m* I keep none but First Class Goods, and Guarantee all I Sell.

SEND ^OE. PRICE LIST TO EITHER

JOHN W. LOWELL, OGDEN.

JOHN W. LOWfLL, JOHN W. LOWELL, SALT LAKE CITY.

Terminus U. & N. E. R.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer ir SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER:f:r,ic:e $25.

knits a sock in 5 minutes, Cau teach you to Knit in ONE SOUS.

A GENOY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VARIETIES!

4 Ton Scales, $60, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME "KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, 'and General Merchandise, etc.,

TOUET "W. SlTELl* One Block South of Theatre.

P. O. Box 519

AD VERTISEMENTS.

MANUFACTURERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET, iTesct to Texixiixig-s 6c Sons.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH F AUERB_A CH & BRO In their New 3 Story Bidding, 124 and 126 East Temple Street.

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND HOUSE FURNISHING DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CLOAK AND SHAWL DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and

Knit Goods of every description.

CLOTHING AND GENERAL FURNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERY AND FANCY GOODS DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Domestic

Hosiery, Laces, Fringes, Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs.

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOLESALE BUYERS, Will find our Stock Larger than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINERY in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from this and adjoining Territories and States Solicited, and honorable treatment Guaranteed.

ESTABLISHED 1864.

AD VL R TISEMEJN IS.

W. H. Yearian.

C. L. Hanxaman.

W. M> YEARIAN c§ 47a* MEN'S FURNISHINGr OOODS FINE HATS, SHIRTS, COLLARS AND CUFFS,

To Order and Ready Made.

UNDERWEAR & HOSIERY, NECKWEAR, SILK & LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, ETC

Large Assortment, Latest Styles, at Popular Prices.

W. H. YEARIAN & Co., 122 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

EAGLE HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, <^» «ag=a <#^= Wholesale and Eetail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries;

Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, ££ i General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P.

0. BOX. 352- S.

JE>. TEASDEL, East Temple Street.

SllUffl IS. IBB CO FACTORY AT SOUTH BEND, INDIANA.

MANUFACTURERS OF FARM, FREIGHT and SPRING WAGONS Oa,rria,g,es and ZB-uLg-g-ies.

ANY SIZE AND STYLE OF WHICH, WE BUILD TO SPECIAL ORDER.

Salt Lake (Branch Hoiise joins Z. C. M.

I. south, Salt Lake City.

Our Wagons will be found at the following named points:

ZION'S BOARD OF TRADE, Logan, Cache Countv.

PARIS CO-OP. INSTITUTION, Paris, Idaho.

SANPETE BOARD OF TRADE, H. Jensen, Manti, A. Matsen, Mt. Pleasant.

G. H. CROSBY, Leeds, Utah.

SEARS, LIDDLE & Co., Park City.

JAS. E. FOOTE, Ogden.

M. W. FOY, Panguitch.

J.

S. BLACK, Deseret, U. T.

O. NORTH, Evanston.

LEVAN CO-OP, Levan.

J. C. ROUNDY, Wanship and Coalville.

GEORGE PATTON, Payson.

J. NIELSON, Washington.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

II.

JUNE, 1881.

No.

9.

DIVINE ORIGIN OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

in.

HISTORICAL EVIDENCES CONSIDERED.

PEREGRINATIONS.

Desiring in tjiis number to trace the migrations of the aboriginal inhabitants, or first colonists of America, we will here briefly consider the reasons which induced the descendants of Noah to build the Tower of Babel, from which God dispersed them.

In the fourth chapter of the first book of the "Antiquities of the Jews,"by Flavius Josephus, we find the following:

"Now, the sons of Noah were three—Shem, Japheth and Ham, born one hundred years before the deluge.

These, first of all, descended from the mountains into the plains, and fixed their habitations there; and persuaded others who were greatly afraid of the lower grounds on account of the flood, and so were very loth to come down from the higher places, to venture to follow their examples.

Now, the plain in which they first dwelt was called

Shinar.

God also commanded them to send colonies abroad, for the thorough peopling of the earth, that they might not raise seditions among themselves, but might cultivate the great part of the earth, and enjoy its fruits in a plentiful manner; but they were so ill instructed, that they did not obey God;

for which "reason they fell into calamities, and were made sensible, by experience, of what sin they had been guilty; for when they flourished with a numerous youth, God admonished them again to send out colonies; but they, imagining the prosperity they enjoyed was not derived from the favor of God, but supposing that their own power was the proper cause of the plentiful condition they were in, did not obey Him.

Nay, they added to this, their disobedience to the divine will, the suspicion that they were therefore ordered to send out separate colonies, that, being divided asunder, they might the more easily be oppressed.

Now, it was Nimrod who excited them to such an affront and contempt of God.

He was the grandson of Ham, the son of

Noah—a bold man, and of great strength of hand.

He persuaded them not to ascribe it to God, as if it was through His means they were happy, but to believe that it was their own courage which procured that happiness.

He also gradually changed the government into tyranny—seeing no other way of turning men from the fear of God, but to bring them into a constant dependence upon his power.

He also said he would be revenged on God, if He should have a mind to drown the world again for that he would build a tower too high for the waters to be able to reach; and that he would avenge himself on God for destroying their forefathers "Now, the multitude were very ready to follow the determination of Nimrod, and to esteem it a piece of cowardice to submit to God; and they built a tower, neither sparing any pains, nor being in any degree negligent about the work, and, by reason of the multitude of hands employed in it, it grew very high, sooner than any one could expect;

but the thickness of it was so great, and it was so strongly built, that thereby its great height seemed, upon the view, to be less

2 5 8 DIVINE ORIGIN OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

than it really was.

It was built of burnt brick, cemented together with mortar, made of bitumen, that it might not be liable to admit water.

When God saw that they acted so madly, He did not resolve to destroy them utterly, since they were not grown wiser by the destruction of the former sinners;

but He caused a tumult among them, by producing in them divers languages; and causing that, through the multitude of those languages, they should not be able to understand one another.

The place wherein they built the tower is now called Babylon;

because of the confusion of that language which they really understood before; for the Hebrews mean by the word Babel, confusion."This lengthy extract from Josephus, is inserted here to show the will of God, regarding the re-peopling of the earth as it was previous to the deluge.

We learn from it, that His command, positive and explicit, to send out colonies, was twice unheeded by the disobedient descendants of those whom God had saved, by means of the Ark from the flood, and these commands were not only disobeyed and the,Almighty defied, but that Nimrod (upon whom, no doubt, the curse of Noah rested, he being the grandson of Ham, whom, Josephus says,

Noah cursed not, because of his nearness of kinship, but his children after him), sought to defeat the plans of God in re-inhabiting the whole earth, by gathering the people under a self-constituted tyrannical government of his own, by means of which he turned them from

God, and made them dependent upon his personal rule and power.

But God defeated the ends of this wicked man, and those who listened to and obeyed his treasonable counsels.

And, as we find recorded in the fifth chapter of the work from which we have quoted, that:

"After this, they were dispersed abroad on account of their languages, and went out by colonies everywhere;

and each colony took possession of that land which they lighted upon, and into which God led them;

so that the whole continent was filled with them, both the inland and maritime countries.

There were some also who passed over the sea in ship?

and inhabited the islands."The great Jewish historian explains in his excellent work, the location, as far as he was able to do so, of these different tribes, or peoples, and shows from whom they were descended.

In speaking of those who passed over the sea by means of ships, he evidently possessed sources of information not now generally known.

He further informs us that the Greeks had changed the names of the various nations, founded by the colonies which were led out by the Almighty, and also the names of countries, rivers and cities, "that they might be better understood among themselves, and setting agreeable forms of government over them, as if they were a people derived from themselves."This the Greeks did after they became potent, and acquired a desire for the glory of antiquity. We will now turn our attention to, and follow the wanderings of the colony whom God led to America.

From the eighth volume, pages twentyfive and twenty-seven, of Kingsborough's

Mexican Antiquities, we quote the following:

"Don Francisco Munoz de la Vega, the Bishop of tliat diocese (Chiapa), certifies in the prologue to his 'Diocesan Constitutions,'declaring that an ancient manuscript of the primitive Indians of that province, who had learned the art of writing, was in his record office, who retained the constant tradition that the father and founder of their nation was named Teponahuale, which signifies the lord of the hollow piece of wood, and that he was present at the building of the Great Wall, for so they named the Tower of Babel, and beheld with his own eyes the confusion of language;

after which event, God, the.

Creator, commanded him to come to these extensive regions, and to divide them amongst mankind.""They affirm that at the time of the confusion of tongues, there were seven families who spoke the same language, which was Nahuatl, that which is still spoken by the Mexicans (Aztecs), and since they understood each other, they united, and,, forming a single company, proceeded on

DIVINE ORIGIN OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

their journey, through divers lands and countries as chance directed them, and without any particular destination, in search of a convenient habitation; and having traveled during a century (which amongst them was a period of time amounting to one hundred and four years), passing in the interval, mountains, rivers and arms of the sea, which they noted down in their paintings, they arrived at the place where they made their first settlement, in the northern part of this kingdom, which they named Tlapalan, which signifies the red country, on account of the soil being of that color; and even still, in all modern maps (picture writings), they gave the name of the Red Sea to the gulf which is situated between the eastern coast of the province of New Mexico and Sonora;

and the river (Colorado) which flows into the northern part of the gulf is named the Red River."To my mind there is something remarkable in this name "Tlapalan''as signifying red country, for the "Hue hue

Tlapalan,"appears to be the original land from whence came the different colonies that inhabited and peopled America in the early ages, ''Hue hue,"meaning "old."Thus we would say, "Hue hue Tlapalan"—old, or original, red country.

Now, we may reasonably suppose that the country, at least, in the vicinity of the Red Sea, is of a similar color, and, Josephus says:

"This man was called Adam, which, in the Hebrew tongue, signifies one that is red; because he was formed out of the earth, compounded together;

for of that kind is virgin true earth."—Chap, i, 2 Antiq. of the Jews.

According to this authority, then, we learn that virgin true earth was originally red, hence, as I view the matter, we have a very natural foundation for the word "Tlapalan"—red country—as applied to that land in the vicinity of the

Gulf of California, and for "Hue hue Tlapalan,"as applied to the original land beyond the seas, from whence came the primitive inhabitants of America.

The historian Clavigero, as quoted by

Prof. Short, on p. 204, says:

The Chiapanese have been the first peoplers of the New World, if we give credit to their traditions.

They say that Votan, the grandson of that respectable old man who built the great ark to save himself and family from the deluge, and one of those who undertook the building of that lofty edifice, which was to reach up to heaven, went by express command of the Lord to people that land.

They say a.lso that the first people came from the quarter of the north, and that when they arrived at Soconusco, they separated, some going to inhabit the country of Nicaragua and others remaining at Chiapas."

Prof.

Short, on same page, commenting upon this and other writings of Clavigero, says:

"According to this tradition, Votan came from the East, from Valum Chivim, by way of Valum Votan, from across the sea, by divine command, to apportion the land of the new continent to seven families which he brought with him."Regarding this colony coming in from the east, and not from the west, we may have something to say hereafter.

It appears to be a matter about which authors differ greatly;

and, in tracing the arrival of subsequent colonies, we may have occasion to give some views upon the subject.

We shall now turn our attention to the

Book of Mormon for testimony confirming the historic quotations made in this article, and tending to establish the divine origin of that sacred book:

"Which Jared came forth with his brother and their families, with some others, and their families, from the great

Tower, at the time the Lord confounded the language of the people, and sware in his wrath that they should be scattered upon all the face of the earth;

and according to the word of the Lord the people were scattered.

And the brother of Jared being a large and mighty man, and being a man highly favored of the Lord;

for Jared his brother said unto him, cry unto the Lord, that he will not confound us that we. may not understand our words.

And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did cry unto the Lord, and the Lord had compassion upon Jared;

therefore He did not confound the language of Jared;

and Jared and

z6o DIVINE ORIGIN OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Ms brother were not confounded.

And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did cry unto the Lord, and the

Lord had compassion upon their friends, and their families also, that they were not confounded.

And it came to pass that the Lord did hear the brother of Jared, and had compassion apon him, and said unto him: go to and gather together thy flocks, both male and female, of every kind; and also of the seed of the earth of every kind, and thy families; and also Jared thy brother and his family;

and also thy friends, and their families, and the friends of Jared and their families."—Book of Ether, chap, i, 33, 34, 35, 37, 40 and 41.

"And it came to pass that Jared, and his brother, and their families, and also the friends of Jared and his brother and their families went down into the valley which was northward, (and the name of the valley was Nimrod, being called after the mighty hunter,) with their flocks which they had gathered together, male and female, of every kind.

And they did also lay snares and catch fowls of the air, and they did also prepare a vessel, in which they did carry with them the fish of the waters; and they did also sarry with them Deseret, which, by interpretation, is a honey bee;

and thus did they carry with them swarms of bees, and all manner of that which was upon the face of the land, seeds of every kind.

And it came to pass that when they had come down into the valley of Nimrod, the Lord came down and talked with the brother of Jared; and He was in a cloud, and the brother of Jared saw him not.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded them that they should go forth into the wilderness, yea, into that quarter where never had man been.

And it came to pass that the Lord did go before them, and did talk with them as He stood in a cloud, and gave directions whither they should travel.

And it came to pass that they did travel in the wilderness, and did build barges, in which they did cross many waters, being directed continually by the hand of the Lord.

And the Lord would not suffer that they should stop beyond the sea in the wilderness, but He would that they should come forth even unto the land of promise, which was choice above all other lands, which the Lord God had preserved for a righteous people."—Book of Ether, chap, ii, 1—7.

In the third chapter and third verse of same book, we find this language "Behold, O Lord, thou hast smitten us because of our iniquity, and hath driven us forth, and for this many years we have been in the wilderness; nevertheless thou hast been merciful unto us."The first verse of the same chapter mentions eight as being the number of vessels built by divine command, and in which this colony crossed the great deep.

The sixth chapter gives a detailed account of their entering these barges, which were the length of a tree, with their families, animals, fowls, food, seeds, etc., and the Lord caused a furious wind to blow unceasingly towards the promised land.

"And thus they were driven forth, three hundred and forty and four days upon the waters; and they did land upon the shore of the promised land."Thus we have traced the migrations of this small colony from the Tower to America, as they journeyed under the direction of the Almighty;

and will conclude this article with a brief comparison of the two accounts.

Josephus says that Nimrod was a mighty man, the grandson of Ham;

the Book of Mormon speaks of the brother of Jared and his companions going down into a valley of that name called after the mighty hunter.

Josephus speaks of ships in which some crossed over the sea, when God scattered the people everywhere from the Tower, and led them whithersoever He willed.

We have seen that the colony of Jared's brother used eight barges or vessels in which to cross the great deep.

Most writers on American antiquities say seven, but the historian, Francisco Espinosa, states the number as being eight.

The Book of Mormon quotations made in this article, refer to animals, fowls, fishes, bees, etc., and to seeds of every kind being gathered together by command of the Lord.

Boturini, on page one hundred and twenty-six, states

FIRST LAW OF MOTION.

26 s:

that the seven families wandered a long time in Asia, carrying with them, seeds, corn, beans, peppers, etc., and that their families increased in numbers during their journeyings.

Book of Ether (chap, vi, 16) says: "And the friends of Jared and his brother, were in number about twenty and two souls;

and they also begat sons and daughters before they came to the promised land; and therefore they began to be many."

The extract, from Kingsborough, states that the manuscript of the primitive Indians refers to the Tower as the "Great Wall,"which the lord of the "hollow piece of wood"saw, when it was being built, and beheld with his own eyes the confusion of the language of the people.

Votan, it is stated, was a grandson of Noah, and came by express command of the Lord to the people of this land.

The brother of Jared did the same; pleading with the

Lord not to confound the language off Jared, or their friends and families.

The seven families, being the same,, doubtless, whom Votan led, maintained one language, being not confounded.

They formed one company and traveled together many years (104), over rivers, mountains and arms of the sea.

So did the colony led by Jared's brother, who was in the wilderness many years and built barges to cross many waters.

If the records of the Indians, which siirvived the vandalism of the Romaaa Catholic clergy, who followed in the wake of the Spanish conquerors, are reliable, and form, when combined with the traditions of the primitive inhabitants sdf the land, a chain of facts like those produced even thus far in this series of articles, then who can consistently deny the divine origin of the Book of Mormon.

Moses Thatcher-.

FIRST LAW OF MOTION.

The first law of motion as explained in our text books on philosophy may be thus stated:

An isolated material point can not change its state of repose or movement;

so that if it is at rest it will always remain at rest;

if in motion it will continue indefinitely in motion, with the same velocity and in the same direction.

It is impossible to give absolute proof of this law, but whenever we make any attempts in that direction, we always encounter some resistance, and the more we overcome this resistance, the more nearly do we demonstrate the law, so that if all hindrance could be overcome, we would naturally conclude the law to be demonstrated.

The first part of the law, namely, that in reference to a body in a state of rest, needs no demonstration or illustration, as it is evident to all.

The term inertia is very frequently used when referring to bodies in a state of rest or motion, but with a meaning rather indefinite.

Thus we are accustomed to say that it requires a certain amount of force, when we push against a boat, to overcome its inertia, or tendency to remain at rest.

From this itVould seem that there is a certain will power in the object, which makes U refuse to move until a sufficient force is applied.

The greater the weight of the body, the greater will be the force required to move it, as we plainly see ia attempting to move a small boat and a large one.

We can do away with the term inertia here, and explain how these bodies are set in motion to much better satisfaction by noting this one fact, thai any force used in moving a body is simply transferred from a body already in ruction to the one at rest, and hence, instead of overcoming inertia, it is simply a transfer of motion, as we can plainly see when one marble is made to strike another fairly in the centre, if they are both of the same weight, the one at rest will move forward, and the one in motiom will come to rest and so remain.

There are many examples of inertia off rest which may prove of some interest,, and may help us to understand better

'.62 FIRST LA IV OF MOTION.

the law we have under consideration.

Here is a very simple experiment any one may try:

Place a card on the finger, and on this a coin, then strike the card sharply on the edge, the card will fly away, but the coin will be left on the end of the finger.

In this case the motion is communicated to the card, but the slight amount of friction between the coin and the card has communicated but little of the motion to the coin, so little that it is scarcely moved from its position, and hence, when the card disappears, it falls on the finger.

If instead of striking sharply so as to remove the card quickly, the blow were a weak one, then there would be time to communicate the motion to the coin, which would then be carried away with the card.

A very common illustration of this we have all noticed, when a carriage or railway train starts, we are thrown back, or more properly, a part of the body is carried forward, and the head and shoulders left behind.

Here also the motion is so sudden that there is not time to communicate it to the whole body unless it is connected rigidly with the seat.

We have many other common illustrations, as when we move a glass of wine, a cup of tea or a basin of water quickly, the liquid being composed of particles that are not firmly attached to each other, free to move among themselves, is left behind, and falls out on one side of the cup.

Another illustration is afforded in the beating of a carpet:

here, instead of beating the dust out of the carpet, we might more properly say that we beat the carpet out of the dust, for in striking the carpet we move a large portion of it, as its parts are firmly attached to each other, but the dust particles between the threads not being firmly attached to each other nor to the fibres, are left behind before much of the motion is communicated to them.

A heavy weight, suspended by means of a spring or elastic cord, on the deck of a vessel, seems to rise and fall with a motion opposite to the heaving and sinking of the vessel on the waves.

In this case, this apparent motion of the weight is produced by its tendency to remain at rest, and instead of rising and falling, it is really the deck of the ship that rises and falls, thus making the weight appear to recede from and approach the deck.

This apparent rise and fall of a heavy weight has at times been put to a good use in working the pumps of the vessel.

One of the principles stated in the law of motion is that a body set in motion will continue to move at a uniform speed.

We have no means of demonstrating this portion of the law either, for if we did, we should then solve the problem of perpetual motion, which has been occupying the minds of so many for such a long period of time, but without success.

Nor is there any hope whatever that they will be successful in the future, and even if they were, we would have a machine that could be applied to no practical use, for as soon as we should attempt to apply this perpetual motion, an expenditure of force would be required, and this would soon destroy the motion altogether.

But even if applicable to no practical purpose, it can not be realized, as there will always be some resistance to overcome, and no matter how small this may be, it will be sufficient in time to put a stop to the motion.

A rock thrown into the air soon comes to rest, both by the attractive force of gravitation which draws it down to the earth and the resistance it encounters in passing through the air.

So when we spin a top on the rough ground, it soon stops because of the friction of the peg against the gravel or sand, but if we spin it on a smooth floor or the glazed surface of a plate, it remains standing a very long time, but even here there is considerable friction, no matter how smooth the surface may be, and besides this there is friction of the air, which, although it may seem insignificant, still amounts to considerable, as we may readily see by spinning a top in a vacuum, when it will continue to turn for hours at a time.

Of perpetual motion, or nearly so, we have illustrations in the motions of the heavenly bodies, as the moon around the

FIRST LA IV OF MOTION.

earth, the earth on its axis, the earth around the sun or the satellites, as of Jupiter and other planets.

These motions, as long as accurate observations have been made upon them, have been found unvarying, and they are therefore used as the great standards by which we measure time.

In all the common motions that take place here upon the earth, the tendency to a constant motion only is seen, of which there are many common examples, as in the case of inertia of rest.

Thus, when a horse running rapidly, suddenly stops for some cause or other, the rider, unless he is very careful, will be thrown forward over the horse's head.

Here the rider has acquired the forward motion of the horse, and the tendency is to continue in that motion forever, unless some cause interferes to put a stop to it.

So, when a person leaps from a carriage or a train of cars in motion, his feet become firmly fixed to the ground, but the upper part of the body moves forward,still withthe same velocity as the carriage or cars, and hence, may be thrown to the ground with great violence.

To avoid this,a person so leaping, always starts out running immediatiely on touching the ground, in the direction in which the train is going, and continues to run until he can regain his equilibrium.

A hare pursued by a grayhound dodges from one side to the other, but its body being so much smaller, it can easily exercise control over it; the greyhound,on the contrary, having a much larger body, cannot stop itself as readily,so as to turn from one side to the other, and hence, in dodging with the hare, he describes larger curves, and thus gives the hare an opportunity to gain time on him.

A ship, though moving at a very slow rate, must have an immense amount of motion in it, so when it comes in contact with a rock, resistance is offered only on a very small portion of its surface, the rest moves forward, and thus crushes in the vessel.

A person sailing in a balloon is not sensible of any motion, and considers himself in a state of rest, unless he observes the objects below him on the surface of the earth.

So the motion of the earth upon its axis, is so steady, and carries the air and all objects upon the surface with it, that we think the earth to be in a state of rest, and the sun and stars to be in motion from east to west.

If by any means the "earth should be suddenly stopped in its revolution on its axis, everything in the shape of buildings, trees, animals, and perhaps mountains, would be hurled eastward with tremendous force, and jumbled together indiscriminately.

The third part of the law of motion says that it will continue in a straight line.

This, of course, like the former, can not be demonstrated absolutely, but the tendency can be seen everywhere.

When a carriage in rapid motion turns a corner suddenly, it is very liable to be tipped over from the tendency it has acquired to move forward in a straight line.

The same is seen in a railroad train when moving on a curve of the track.

In order to prevent any accidents, either the train moves very slowly or the track is raised on the outside, and thus throws the centre of gravity of the train nearer to the inner rail of the curve, and hence, a much greater force than otherwise, would be required to tip the train over or throw it off the track.

Even in a body whirling around a centre, there is a tendency to move in a straight line, but owing to some force drawing toward the centre, the object is made to take a circular path.

Here the force that holds the body toward the centre is called a centripetal, that is a centre seeking force, while the one that would cause the body to move in a straight line is the centrifugal force, that is the one that flies from the centre.

When a boy swings his sling around his head, he becomes sensible of the force necessary to overcome the one that draws away from the centre, and if the string breaks, as it might do if he whirls the sling too rapidly, the rock in it flies off in a straight line with great force In a flour mill, when the grain falls from the hopper down between the stones, it is the centrifugal force that carries the pulverized grain to the outer margin of the large and swiftly whirling

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

millstones.

Sometimes the large flywheels in factories, when they are made to turn very rapidly, fly in pieces, as the attractive force of cohesion of the particles in the wheel is not great enough to overcome the centrifugal force produced by the rapid revolution.

In a circus, the rider and horse always lean toward the inside of the ring, and the more rapidly they go, the more they lean, in order to overcome the force that would otherwise throw them outside the ring.

The diameter of the earth, from pole to pole, is about twenty-six miles shorter than the one through the equator; thus we see that at the equator the earth must be very much bulged out, and this can be explained on the supposition that it was at one time in a molten state, and by revolving upon its axis, the centrifugal force generated, caused it to flatten at the poles and swell out at the equator.

Plateau, a Frenchman, performed a very interesting experiment that illustrates this principle.

By mixing alcohol and water, he formed a mixture of the same density as oil, and then, by introducing oil into the centre of the liquid, where it would remain without either rising or sinking, and placing a small disk in the large drop of oil in the centre, and then revolving it, at first gently, and then more rapidly, the drop begins at first to flatten out, and then a ring separates from the main body, and afterwards divides into globules, all revolving around the common centre, and as the speed increases, other rings are thrown off and separated into globules as before, thus forming in miniature, a system something like that around our sun.

Quebec.

Before honor is humility.

Proverbs, xv, 33.

Heaven, though slow to wrath, is never with impunity defied.

Cowper.

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

NINTH LEAF.

The divine fiat has gone forth that, "Except a man be born of the water and of the spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God."This is a fixed law.

The same certainty that is exhibited in the government of the material universe obtains in the spiritual domain, and is as much a necessity in one as in the other.

As man cannot change the revolutions of the planets nor alter the principles that underlie all motion and regulate all matter, so he cannot turn aside the decrees of Jehovah, nor modify, in the least degree, any rule or commandment pertaining to the everlasting Gospel.

Neither will He, who reigns in the unseen world, as well as in the sphere perceived by the senses, swerve from His established laws in the former any more than in the latter.

Baptism, or the birth of water in the form and mode already described, is an essential ordinance.

There are others equally necessary in their time and place in the divine plan of human redemption.

They must be rightly received and administered, or the blessings that spring from them, as their natural fruit, cannot be enjoyed.

As aliens cannot be admitted to the rights and privileges of citizenship in an earthly government, without complying with the naturalization laws in such case made and provided, so aliens from the heavenly kingdom cannot be received into its dominion, nor be adopted into the family of the Eternal King, without obeying the laws set as the conditions of admission.

These laws and ordinances will be made known to the inhabitants of this planet, either in the flesh or in the disembodied condition.

They will have the opportunity of receiving or rejecting them on the agency given to man, that a just judgment may be rendered in the great day of accounts. But ordinances, such as baptism, the laying on of hands for confirmation, ordination, marriage, etc., belong

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

to the corporeal sphere.

They are set for the state of probation.

Water is an earthly element, or compound of elements, and the blessings ordained to flow from the death, burial and new birth, typified by authorized baptism therein, cannot be secured in any othe r way.

Millions of earth's sons and daughters have passed out of the body without obeying the law of baptism.

Many of them will gladly accept the word and law of the Lord when it is proclaimed to them in the spirit world.

But they cannot there attend to ordinances that belong to the sphere which they have left.

Can nothing be done in their case?

Must they forever be shutout of the kingdom of heaven? Both justice and mercy join in answering "yes"to the first and "no"to the last question.

What, then, is the way of their deliverance?

The living may be baptized for the dead.

Other essential ordinances may be attended to vicariously.

This glorious truth, hid from human knowledge for centuries, has been made known in this greatest of all divine dispensations.

It is indeed light in the midst of darkness.

It shines into the depths of the shrouded past, illuminates the mystic future, and reveals the infinite love of God and His tender mercy over all His works.

It explains the meaning of Scripture texts long considered difficult and obscure.

It links by loving ties the living with their dead.

It shows why "the fathers without us cannot be made perfect."It opens the way of redemption for the hosts of departed heathens.

It brings together in one all who are in Christ, even though parted by the veil that is drawn between the physical and spiritual spheres.

It gives men and women the power to become "Saviors on Mount Zion,"Jesus being the great Captain in the army of redeemers.

In God's house all things are done in order.

There is a right way and a proper place for the administration of ordinances for the dead.

The living relatives of those who have departed without an opportunity of obeying the earthly requirements of the plan of salvation, if they have themselves been born of the water and of the spirit, stand in the name and place of the departed and receive the ordinances to be placed to the credit of the dead.

Either sex represents its own.

Men are not baptized for women, nor women for men.

The first-born son in each family has rights of priority connected with this vicarious work if he has proven himself worthy.

The ordinances must be administered by those having authority, being set apart for the work, and must be duly witnessed and properly recorded.

The books on earth must tally with the records in heaven.

The place for these administrations is in a Temple built to the Most High God, after the pattern revealed.

The baptismal font, like the brazen sea in the Temple of Solomon, is placed in the basement, under the place where the living are wont to assemble, typifying the place for the dead, all things spiritual having their correspondence with things natural.

That which is done on earth, according to the divine instructions, is acknowledged in heaven, and is of force and effect in the world to come.

Herein is manifest the power of the Holy Priesthood, loosing or binding on earth, and it is loosed or bound in heaven, all according to the commandments and revelations of the Most High through Jesus the Anointed.

This principle of proxy runs like a thread of gold throughout the entire robe of salvation.

Christ is the proxy of blood for the whole race of sinners.

The Spotless One died in the place of the impure.

He is the offering for the deadly sin of Adam, He is the propitiation for the evil deeds of a world.

The lamb on the smoking altar, the scapegoat turned into the wilderness, the sprinkling of atonement, all the sacrifices of the old covenant, as well as the infinite one of the new, are based on the doctrine of vicarious action and the divine acceptance of authorized substitutes.

The manifestation of this truth in the last dispensation came from the Prophet

Elijah in the Temple built to the Almighty by the Latter-day Saints in Kirtland, Ohio.

On the third of April, 1836,

LEAVES FROM THE TREE OF LIFE.

he who was caught up to heaven without death, appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and committed the keys of the power to "turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers,"that the earth might be saved from a curse.

The living are thus authorized, under prescribed conditions, to act for the dead, and the fathers in the spirit world look to the children in the flesh to perform for them the works which they were unable to attend to while in the flesh.

Here is the peculiar blessing upon the heads of the Saints in the grand, culminating and completing dispensation of the fulness of times.

To labor for the redemption of their progenitors until every lost link in the line of their ancestry, back to the Abrahamic stock from which they originally sprang, shall be taken up and welded into the perfect family chain.

Herein is seen one of the blessings attending the perpetuation of a man's name in the earth to die leaving no seed being considered in olden times, among the people of God, one of the greatest of calamities.

Indeed the glory and dominion and joy and rapture of the future state will be found to have intimate relation to the family condition, and the promise to Abraham of a numerous posterity, was not merely of earthly portent, but reached into the exaltation and beatitudes of eternal existence.

This glorious doctrine bears the key to the sphere within the veil.

It regulates the communion of the living with the dead.

It saves those who receive it from improper and deceptive spirit communications.

Tidings to the living from their friends who have passed away do not come in disorder and confusion, nor by the will of men or women, whether corrupt or pure.

Order is maintained in all the works and ways of God.

Knowledge that is needful concerning the spirit sphere will come through an appointed channel and in the appointed place.

The Temple where the ordinances can be administered for the dead, is the place to hear from the dead.

The Priesthood in the flesh, when it is necessary, will receive communications from the Priesthood behind the veil.

Most holy conversations on all things pertaining to the redemption of the race, belong in the places prepared in the Temples.

The Saints in the flesh are required to use all due diligence in obtaining their genealogies by the means at command, and a spirit has moved upon men in the world to collect and perfect and publish the records of their ancestors, by which, thousands upon thousands of acceptable names have been obtained, and the work of vicarious baptism already done, is immense.

But that which remains to be accomplished is so vast, that no mind, unless illuminated by the light of God, can see how it can ever be performed and perfected.

Yet it will be done, and blessed are they who aid in the heavenly labor!

With what joy will they be greeted by the spirits of their progenitors when they meet them in Paradise What honor will crown their brows in the day of reward and compensation!

They will stand among the Saviors, and shine among their kindred who are redeemed, like glorious suns in the heavenly constellations This divine plan of vicarious action, is one of the broadest, brightest and loveliest leaves in the blessed tree of fife.

It bears a healing balm for millions upon millions of earth's sons and daughters who have passed away without hearing the only name whereby man can be saved, or who, having heard, were never taught the way of salvation as ordained through Jesus Christ.

It is redolent of the love and mercy of the Eternal Father, and bears the sweet perfume of charity and gratitude of the children reaching out after the fathers, of the fathers blest in the works of the children, and of kindred affection enlarged, cemented and perpetuated for ever and ever.

It parts the veil between the physical and the spiritual, it softens the heart, and brings the livingand the dead nearer to God, and it sanctifies the soul to obedience, worship and devotion, filling it with reverence and adoration of

Him, who has devised this broad and universal plan for the redemption of the human race.

C. W. Penrose.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

IX.

st. peter's and the Vatican.

On a bright morning the day after our arrival in Rome, we started at an early hour, to see the Cathedral of St. Peter.

We were told that from the St. Angelo bridge across the Tiber we would get our first glimpse of the great structure, but the view was insignificant, and we obtained none that was satisfactory until we stood in the open space before the mighty edifice.

This square, with the elliptical space enclosed by the grand colonnades of Bernini, in front of it, extends a third of a mile from the church, and is inlaid with a costly mosaic pavement.

From its outward extremity men appear like children as they ascend the steps of the portico before the entrance of the church.

Within the ellipse formed by the colonnades, and in the centre of the piazza, stands the Egyptian obelisk brought to Rome by the Emperor Caligula.

This huge monolithic monument, estimated to weigh nearly a million pounds, was placed in its present position in 1586, under the direction of Fontana.

It is related that the architect, in the construction of his machines for this difficult undertaking, had omitted to make allowance for the stretching of the ropes, produced by the enormous weight.

At the critical moment, although the bystanders were prohibited, under pain of death, from shouting, one of the eight hundred workmen loudly exclaimed, "Aqua alle funi.'"(water on the ropes,) thus solving the difficulty.

As a reward, he and his descendants ever since have been commissioned to supply St.

Peter's with palm branches for the decorations on Palm-Sunday, and the family is said to have become very wealthy from this source of revenue.

On each side of the obelisk is a fountain, and about its base the cardinal points of the compass are indicated.

St. Peter's, the largest church in the world, is built upon the site of the circus of Nero, where the Apostle Peter is supposed to have suffered martyrdom.

The church, as it now appears, was consecrated by Pope Urban VIII, November 18, 1626, on the thirteen-hundredth anniversary of the day on which the original St. Peter's was dedicated.

The cost at the end of the seventeenth century had exceeded forty-five million dollars, while the annual cost of maintenance is thirty thousand dollars.

We cross the portico and push aside the leathern screen at the entrance,when lo! we find ourselves within the noblest structure of the world;

a pigmy in the midst of giants.

The thought would be debasing, but that we remember the grandeur all about us is the expression of genius in our fellow-man.

To contemplate the gigantic intellect that planned such an edifice, gives one an exalted opinion of his race, and if he believes that what has been done by man may be done again, life at once presents new possibilities to him, and seems a more inestimable gift than ever before.

It is vain for us to attempt a description of St. Peter's.

We will give the dimensions.

Stand in the middle of one of our streets in Salt Lake City, and imagine a row of columns one block long, one hundred and fifty feet high, and twenty feet in diameter, rising on either side of the street, and connected at the top with a Roman arch, studded with golden stars, and you have the nave of St.

Peter's.

On each side of this is an aisle thirtyfive feet wide, of the same height as the nave, and arched over from the solid wall to the magnificent columns referred to.

The pavement of marble mosaic stretches out before us, a plain, the length of a block and one-third its width.

The ray of light penetrating the colored glass window near the top, over the entrance, falls upon the altar at the other end of the church, lighting our path as we proceed down the majestic aisle the distance of a furlong.

When we reach the transept, and stand beneath the wonderful dome, gazing above upon the mosaic portraits of the evangelists, who wrote the four gospels, they appear life size.

But the distance has deceived us;

TRAVELS IN ITALY.

the quill pen held in the hand of St.

Luke is alone seven feet long, and appears to be in proportion to the figure.

It is four hundred and thirty feet from where we stand to the top of this unparalleled dome, and if we ascend to that point, we have yet to go an additional height of forty feet to reach the cross, which surmounts it on the outside.

The interior of St. Peter's is not as lavishly decorated as many smaller churches of Rome.

But there is about it an air of cleanliness, simplicity, and withal of incomparable grandeur that no other church edifice possesses.

Its pre-eminence among the cathedrals of the world is modestly indicated by stones set in the pavement of the floor at appropriate distances, to mark the length of St. Paul's at London, the Milan

Cathedral, etc.

A porphyry slab set in the floor near the central door, marks the spot were the emperors were formerly crowned.- Near the fourth great pillar to the right, as we approach the rotunda, is a sitting statue of St. Peter, in bronze, on a throne of white marble, with a canopy above.

The toes of the right foot of this statue are almost worn away by frequent contact with the lips of devotees.

While we stood before this statue, not less than half a dozen worshipers entered, each reverently bowing and kissing the foot of the Apostle, before passing on.

In the four huge buttresses which support the dome, are niches containing statues seventeen feet high.

Above them are cabinets in which, on high festivals, the most sacred relics are exhibited to certain orders of priests and privileged members.

Beneath the dome is a canopy a hundred feet high, borne by four richly gilded spiral columns.

Under it is the high altar where the pope only reads mass on the most solemn and important church fetes.

Below the altar is the tomb of St.

Peter, said to contain the relics of the Apostle.

It is lighted by ninety never expiring lamps that burn perfumed oil and the richest spices.

The descent to the tomb is by a double marble stair, at the bottom of which, doors of gilded bronze screen the sarcophagus of the tomb from the view of the unsanctified.

The aisles and transepts are occupied by chapels and altars, and are decorated with tombs and monuments, with some fine paintings and mosaics, confessionals and pulpits.

The church contains two hundred and ninety painted or stained glass windows, three hundred and ninety statues, fifty altars and seven hundred and fifty columns.

There is a passage way that leads from St.

Peter's to the Vatican palace, the home of the popes.

The Vatican is the most extensive palace in the world.

It comprises twenty open courts, in many of which are sumptuous gardens, and upwards of eleven thousand halls, chapels, saloons and private apartments.

It is said that if the halls of the Vatican were placed side by side, they would extend a distance of two miles.

We may imagine, then, what their combined length would be.

The most renowned and beautiful apartment of this glorious palace is the Sixtine Chapel, erected under Sixtus IV, in 1473.

It 's one hundred and thirty feet long, and forty-five wide, with sixteen painted windows, through which a mellow light falls upon the most magnificent pictorial decorations ever produced by the painter's art.

The ceiling, which was painted by Michael Angelo, in twenty-two months, represent Bible scenes from the Creation, and are designed, in the lesson they portray, to prepare the world for the advent of the Savior.

In the centre of the arched ceiling are seen the Creation, Fall, Deluge, with the sacrifice of Noah, etc.

Around these are the figures of prophets and sibyls, and the ancestors of

Christ who looked for His coming.

The sections representingthese events are divided as follows:

1. God separating light from darkness;

2.

Creation of the sun and moon;

3.

Separation of the land from the sea;

4. Adam inspired with life;

5.

Creation of Eve;

6. The fall and banishment from Eden;

7.

Noah's thank offering after the Deluge 8. The Deluge;

9. Noah's intoxication and the derision of his sons.

Of the prophets represented are the following:

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

Jeremiah, in a profound reverie; Ezekiel, with a half opened scroll;

Joel, reading a scroll; Zacharias, turning the leaves of a book;

Isaiah, his arm resting on a book, absorbed by divine inspiration;

Daniel, writing;

and Jonah, sitting beneath the gourd.

About thirty years after painting the ceiling and other portions of this wonderful chapel, Michael Angelo was engaged to paint on the altar wall, the wonderful composition known as the ''Last Judgment."It is sixty-four feet in width, and was completed in 1541.

"Careful and protracted study alone will enable the spectator to appreciate the details of this vast composition, which is unfortunately blackened by the smoke of centuries, unfavorably lighted and partially concealed.

To penetrate into the religious views and artistic designs of the talented master is a still more arduous task.

On the right of the figure of Christ, represented in judgment, hover the saints, drawn back by devils and supported by angels;

on His left, the sinners in vain strive to ascend; above are two groups of angels, with the cross, the column at which Christ was scourged, and the other instruments of His sufferings;

in the centre, the Savior and the Virgin Mary, surrounded by Apostles and saints; beneath the rising dead is represented hell, according to Dante's conception, with the boatman Charon and the judge Minos.

The latter's face is a portrait of the master of ceremonies of Paul III, who had censured the picture on account of the nudity of the figures.

Paul IV, who contemplated the destruction of the painting because of this feature in it, was prevailed upon to leave it and instead to cause some of the figures to be partially draped by other artists."These draperies are supposed to greatly mar the effect of the original as it left the great master's hands.

Most of the ceremonies at which the pope officiates are performed in the Sixtine Chapel.

We have not space in this number to refer to the art galleries of the

Vatican, which will form the subject of our next.

De Vallibus.

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

Although great efforts were made at

Washington to obtain the name of Deseret for this Territory, it was of no avail, and the name of Utah was retained.

The General Assembly of Deseret however, retained that designation, and met on Monday, December 2d, 1850, in the Representatives Hall and organized, and received the message of

Governor Brigham Young.

After sitting four days, the House adjourned to the first Monday in January.

The Governor's message made known to the Senate and House of Representatives that "Congress had established the Territory of Utah,"although no official communication had been then received, as a consequence of which the government of Deseret, with all its departments, would be continued, until superceded by an organization under the

Act of Congress.

There were two features of much interest in the Governor's speech, there had been "not a solitary case reported for trial before the regular sessions of either the County or Supreme Courts during the past year"(1850), and "In this State, no expense had been incurred by any of the departments of government for services rendered."The entire document is worthy of the occasion, and redounds to the honor of the man who framed it.

No quotation can do justice to it in its entirety, but the allusion'to the past history of our people should be noted to be read by the youth of Israel:

"The oppressed became the oppressor, and the oppressed again go forth to form new communities, new settlements, and new governments.

Hence we are here, amid the vast mountains and solitary plains;

hence are we here, assembled in solemn council, to frame laws for the organization and rule of communities and, what gives zest to the picture,

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

devise such laws and regulations as shall perpetuate, guarantee, and sustain, in time to come, our free and glorious institutions to the latest generation."

This is the language of a statesman who has departed from our midst, but the impress of his fiat is stamped upon our every institution!

On Thursday, January 9th, 1851, a petition was presented to the General Assembly, praying for an ordinance to incorporate Great Salt Lake City, and the city was incorporated.

Mayor, Jedediah M. Grant; Aldermen, Nathaniel H.

Felt, William Snow, Jesse P. Harman and Nathaniel V.

Jones;

Councillors, Vincent Shurtliff, Benjamin L.

Clapp, Zera Pulsipher, William G.

Perkins, Lewis Robinson, Harrison Burgess, Jeter Clinton, John L.

Dunyon. and Samuel Richards.

The foregoing Aldermen and Councilors-elect, were ordered to assemble at the State House, on Saturday, January nth, at a.m.

for organization and further duties.

Robert Campbell, Thomas Rhodes and

Elam Luddington were requested to attend at that time and place.

On that day the officers-elect received the oath of office from Mr. T. Bullock,Clerk of the

County Court, and Robert Campbell was elected Recorder, Thomas Rhodes,

Treasurer, and Elam Luddington, Marshall.

An important meeting of the Seventies'commenced Saturday, January 1 8th, in the Bowery.

There were found to be about eighty Presidents of Seventies in the valley;

one hundred and twentyfour Elders, Priests and members were ordained Seventies; and the building of the Seventies'Hall of Science was largely contributed to.

The Sessions branch of the Church was organized on Monday, January 20, at the house of Peregrine G. Sessions;

John Stoker ordained Bishop;

Moses Dailey and P. G.

Sessions, his Counselors.

Sunday, 26th, Lorin Farr was chosen President of Weber Stake;

Charles R. Dana and David B.

Dille his Counselors; the High Council was organized, and the members thereof ordained under the direction of the Presidency.

During the month of January the settlement of Parowan was enclosed as a fort;

the foundation of the council house was laid.

A view of the fort was painted by W. Majors, representing the settlement, and Little Salt Lake in the distance;

this painting was presented in 1870 by President Brigham Young to the Deseret Museum.

The Deseret Almanac for 1851 was published by W.

W. Phelps.

The Deseret Pottery was established in this city.

The Council of Health, published statistical records of the number of deaths since the entrance of the Pioneers (See Deseret News, March 8, 185i); 1847, none;

1848, two;

1849, twenty-three;

1850, fifty-seven;

this list is brought up to January 1st, 1851.

An appropriation of $5,000 was made by Congress for a library of Utah Territory, and

Dr. Bernhisel, our delegate, was authorized to make a selection of books.

A railway was made from this city to the Red Butte Canon to bring rock down to the Temple Block;

this road was afterwards used in 1869-70 to make a water ditch for the Twentieth Ward bench land and the Cemetery. During March of this year, Provo City was organized as a Stake of Zion.

Great Salt Lake City was fenced in, and shade trees were planted out on the sidewalks;

school houses were built in many of the wards;

the wall around the Temple Block was commenced;

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was incorporated according to law.

On the fifth of April a concert was given in the

Bowery, which was very largely attended and a complete success, William Pitt, captain of the band.

On the sixth of April the conference opened, President Kimball presiding in the absence of President Young;

during this conference it was decided to build a Temple in this city, and a committee of one appointed (Daniel H.

Wells) to superintend the building of the Temple and the public works;

Truman O. Angel was appointed architect.

The State House in this city was given up to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, by whom it had been built for a council

CHRONICLES OF UTAH.

house;

it had been used by the provisional government of the State of Deseret as an assembly room; on the fifth of April that organization was dissolved.

The foundation of the Seventies Hall of Science was completed on the thirteenth of May.

From the private notes of Philip Margetts, Sen., of this city, who at that time was a prominent member of the dramatic company, and played a leading instrument in the Nauvoo Brass Band, it may be seen that during May, 1851, there was a theatrical performance in the Bowery in Great Salt Lake City, by the Nauvoo Brass Band and others.

The evening's performance commenced with the second act of "Robert Macaire, or The Two Murderers,"a melodrama by Charles Selby, with the following named ladies and gentlemen in the cast of characters:

Gomeril, Wm. Glover; Dumont, E. Martin;

Robert Macaire, John M.

Kay;

Jacques, H.

B.

Clawson;

Pierre, Phil.

Margetts;

Charles, E. Ellsworth;

Sergeant Lumpy, H.

K. Whitney;

Louis, H.

Margetts;

Gend'armes, R.

T. Burton and G.

D.

Grant;

Marie, Miss Orem; Clementine, Miss M. Judd.

Song, Mrs. M.

Gratricks.

The performance concluded with the laughable farce of "The Dead Shot,"characters by the company.

In June the foundations of the Tabernacle were laid in this city, on the Temple Block.

Several theatrical entertainments were given during the month by the Deseret Amateur Choir, Wm.

Pitt captain and manager.

On the sixteenth of May, Wm. H.

Dame was elected Mayor of Parowan City, and the municipal authorities chosen.

The sale of spirituous liquors was prohibited in Great

Salt Lake City, except by physicians appointed by the City Council, by an ordinance passed June 16, 1851.

On the fourth of July of this year a grand procession was formed in Great Salt Lake City, to go to Black Rock, on the Great Salt Lake.

While they were away the city was guarded by a body of fifty mounted men, with watchmen and guards in each of the wards.

Horace S.

Eldredge, Esq., as marshal of the day, organized the procession at 8. a.m.

the committee of arrangements were:

S. M.

Blair, Jeter Clinton, Joseph Cain, Samuel W.

Richards, Alonzo H. Raleigh and L. W. Hardy.

First, a military escort, commanded by Gen. D. H.Wells second:

the band carriage, with Capt.

Pitt's Nauvoo Brass Band.

This carriage was drawn by sixteen mules, four abreast, and attended by six mounted guards.

Third:

the First Presidency, Brigham Young and suite, Heber C.

Kimball and suite.

Fourth:

the Twelve Apostles, Wilford Woodruff and family,

Ezra T. Benson and family, and the family of Elder John Taylor, who was on a mission.

Fifth:

Strangers and invited guests.

Sixth: Presidents of High Priests, quorum of the Stake and of the Seventies.

Seventh:

The committee of arrangements.

Eighth: The Bishops, with their respective wards.

Then followed about one hundred and thirty carriages and wagons.

In four hours the cavalcade reached the liberty pole which had been erected at the lake.

A new flag, forty-five feet long, prepared for the occasion, was waving in the breeze.

The day was spent in festivity, speeches, orations, toasts, music and singing.

Not until 2 o'clock of the following day (the fifth) did the procession reach the Bowery in this city, having left the lake at 10 a.m.

Nothing occurred to mar the happiness of any who participated in the enjoyment of the glorious fourth of July, 1 85 1.

The entire proceedings were reported by Mr. Robert Campbell and published in the Deseret News.

Beta.

'Tis great, 'tis manly to disdain disguise.—Young.

Why is the earth like a blackboard?

Because the children of men multiply upon the face cf it.

The difficulty of attaining perfection is understood best by those nearest unto it.

Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do, and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.

Goethe.

THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

in.

We aim to proceed with the mode of conducting the internal affairs of the Brigham Young Academy, by the plan sketced in our last article.

The fundamental department, and consequently the first to claim our attention, is the Theological organization.

All students, upon entering the Academy, are tabulated upon the records of the Theological Department, either as a member of the priesthood, the office being specified, as a lay member of the church, or as a non-member.

Since the first academic year the nature of the Theological organization, and the exercises therein embraced, have been continually rising.

From being merely one exercise among many others,

Theology has become the leading branch in the Academy, and its treatment, a separate and complete organization in itself.

The daily exercises are conducted in three separate classes, a Primary, an Intermediate and an Academic, and consist, in the lower departments, of Biblical subjects, together with oral instruction from the standard works of the

Church;

and in the more advanced grades, regular exercises are taken from the Bible and all Church works.

Exercises from the Book of Mormon are accompanied by illustrations from the "Suggestive map of the Book of Mormon,"as compiled by Professor Karl G. Maeser.

Once per week the exercises are varied by requirements being made upon the students to express their own sentiments, in place of the teachers regular instruction.

From this none are exempt;

the members of the Church bear their testimonies, or with the others speak upon some leading principle, or read some selection illustrative of their own ideas upon some particular point.

Weekly too, is held the General Theological Class, at which all departments of the Academy are called together, and a definite programme is carried through, according to previous appointments, usually consisting of exercises on

Bible and Book of Mormon subjects, reading of essays, select readings in poetry and prose, addresses by both ladies and gentlemen, and answers to questions propounded by members of the class.

This meeting is conducted by the students, the gentlemen who hold the Priesthood officiating in turns in the office of chairman, and the ladies consecutively occupying the position of secretary.

The monitor of the Theological department, and two others of the leading students appointed by the Principal, form the central committee of this department;

and in their hands are placed the rolls of the several departments of the Academy at the beginning of each term, from which the appointments for exercises are made.

The various Theological classes are divided into repetition quorums, each being presided over by a gentleman student holding the Priesthood, or a faithful lady student.

The quorums assemble weekly, at which meetings the points disposed of during the week are discussed, and further explanation given if required.

Through the medium of these repetitors the teacher is brought into closer communication with the students of his class, and the special wants of each are ascertained.

The main item of our whole Theological organization, however, is the Priesthood meeting.

This is composed of all members of the Academy holding any office of the Priesthood, and the ladies who are called from time to time to assist the teachers as repititors in their respective Theological classes.

To this meeting are assigned all questions pertaining to the arrangement and order of the Priesthood, and all advanced principles of the gospel, which are not deemed advisable to speak of in the promiscuous Theological classes.

Such is our Theological organization, by which it is aimed to carry out as closely as possible the wishes of the donor, under the continued direction of the Priesthood in general.

The "Emulatory Method"is the plan upon which all disciplinary enactments

THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY.

are made.

The aim of the faculty is to place before the students all requirements, and expect of them self-government.

Every department teacher selects from among his students a monitor, whose duty it is to control the order and discipline of that department, referring to the teacher only such points as may require discretionary powers to settle.

In like manner the teacher of every class appoints at the organization of that respective class a senior, who is held responsible by the teacher for the order and arrangement of the class.

If the class be very large, the senior is supplied with requisite sub-seniors, and thus the responsibility is distributed.

By these means scarcely a student can be found who has not some appointment, some trust he is made responsible for outside of his own work.

Each student's standard in his several classes is regulated aad ascertained by his "Daily Record."At the end of the week the senior takes the totals of each one in that class, and hands the list to the teacher, who examines the figures at leisure, thus obtaining an insight into the record of each of his students, which he compares with his own estimate of the student's standing, and adjusts the figures accordingly.

These totals are consolidated at the end of each term on the "Term Record,"thus bringing within the scope of a few figures the relative standing of every pupil.

Though probably the discipline adopted appears to be complicated and difficult, any plan less complete than the one employed would prove inadequate, with an organization so extensive on the whole.

The Academy is thoroughly graded, three general standards being recognized, the Primary, the Intermediate, and the Academic.

Each of these again is divided into two sections:

Primary section B, comprising the Primer and First Reader grade; Primary section A, the Second Reader grade;

Intermediate section B, the Third Reader;

Intermediate section A, the Fourth Reader;

Academic section B, the Fifth Reader grade, and Academic section A, comprising the academic and collegiate courses.

The last named department includes three distinct courses of study;

the Scientific, the Philological, and the Mathematical course.

The Faculty aims to supply the wants of the students as nearly as possible, organizing at the beginning of each term such classes as the grade of students of that term chances to demand, so that few students will enter who will not find somewhere a grade suited to their own level.

Thus ends our hasty sketch of the arrangement and development of the Brigham Young Academy.

In it we have attempted to designate in plain language and clear data the true position of the institution, the prosperity of its past, and the outlook for its future career, leaving to each reader the right and opportunity of drawing his own conclusions and forming his own opinions regarding our

Latter-day Saint school.

We feel that with such a successful career behind us, the future must open as it has continually done.

So surely is the institution growing that it must soon change in some respects, for already necessity is compelling opinions to be discussed regarding the discontinuance of the lower departments, that the upper and more advanced grades may be better provided for.

We feel and know that the institution is being sustained by the faith and prayers of the people of God, and as it is gaining firmer foothold year by year, we think none, whose opinions or wishes could prove of any avail, will refrain from saying with us, "God bless the Brigham Young Academy."yas. E. Talmage.

Faith is the soul, and works the body of religion.

Great minds are not only ready to take opportunities, but to make them.

Envy ought, in strict truth, to have no place allowed it in the heart of man;

for the goods of this present world are so vile and low that they are beneath it;

and those of the future world are so vast and exalted that they are above it.

Chesterfield.

THE CHILDREN'S CRUSADE.

THE CHILDREN'S CRUSADE.

About the year 1210, over a century after the preaching of the first crusade, the southern part of France was startled by the advent of the young boy Stephen, in the role of Peter the Hermit.

Stephen was a shepherd's boy, living in an old province on the banks of the Loire.

It appears that he possessed an exceedingly active imagination and was greatly enraptured with the stories of the palmers and the songs of the troubadours, who told the wonderful tales of Palestine and the East.

He was of a dreamy, visionary temperament, and the accounts he heard of the trials and sufferings of the cavaliers in their crusades to recover the holy sepulchre, sank deep into his memory, and caused his heart to throb with sympathy, and his soul to be filled with an absorbing longing to emulate the examples of those hardy, fearless knights and warriors, whose fame the palmers spread through Europe, and the troubadours sang for generations after.

About the time of Stephen's birth, Richard the lion-hearted, king of England, returned from Palestine, where he had achieved a romantic fame by his daring exploits, that filled Europe with admiration for his courage and valor.

The story of his conflicts with Saladin, whom he fought at Acre and Jaffa;

of 'his capture of Cyprus and romantic marriage there; and of how he refused to look upon Jerusalem, whose capture and possession he had so long fought for, saying he would not look upon a city he could not conquer;

all these and many similar accounts afforded the favorite theme of every catholic land.

Stephen had heard them in his childhood and dreamed of them day and night among the flocks on his native hills.

He was impatient of the time when he should be a man, and be able to join the

Christian forces in some new campaign, for the recovery of the holy relics of Jerusalem, which were still held by the unsanctified infidel, since the capture of the city by the Sultan in 1187.

During this time many wild schemes were planned by which to overthrow the

Arabian hosts and drive them from the sacred land.

On the other hand the failure of past attempts discouraged the statesmen and warriors of the European nations; though they keenly felt that the cause was the most noble and that it ought to have the support and favor of God, according to the enthusiastic promises of the priests.

Yet there was some cause for the repeated failures and dire disaster that had prevented former crusaders from accomplishing their object.

The ingenuity of the monks soon discovered what this cause of failure had been, and when the boy Stephen appeared with his remarkable story, they were not slow to encourage him and announce it.

They declared that the crusaders had been unsuccessful because the warriors who had gone to Palestine had been sinful men, and that God would display His pt>wer in the recovery of Jerusalem, through the agency of babes and sucklings, whose innocence would cower even the unbridled passions of the infidel.

Stephen's pretentions were founded upon a dream or vision which he said had been given to him while he was asleep.

It was as follows:

He dreamt there came to him a weary pilgrim, with a sorrowful face and with garments tattered and torn.

Stephen's heart was touched with pity at the sight, and he asked the stranger what he could do to relieve his distress.

The pilgrim replied that he must preach a crusade to the young;

that Providence had decreed that children should recover the sepulchre of the Lord, and that through his efforts they would rally in multitudes for the divine undertaking.

Stephen afterwards said he thought that the pilgrim, who came to him, was the Savior himself.

When he awoke from his remarkable dream, his soul was filled with joy, and he fancied that he had already unfurled the banner of the cross, and had gathered to his standard the children of every Christian land.

He began at once to tell his companions, the shepherd boys, his dream,

THE CHILDREN'S CRUSADE.

and asked them if they would go with him, taking the cross as the emblem of their mission, and fight beyond the seas for the sake of the Holy Pilgrim that had appeared to him.

The boys were delighted at the prospect of so wonderful an undertaking, and readily promised to follow him wherever he should lead them.

Stephen, elated with the encouragement thus received, left his flocks, and announced himself as a prophet, commissioned, by Heaven to recover the holy sepulchre.

His preaching at first attracted a small band of children, who followed him wherever he went, praying continually:

"Lord Jesus, restore Thy cross to us."He pictured his mission in such glowing colors, showing what glory and renown would fall upon those who enlisted with him, that soon the number of his followers began to increase, first to hundreds, then to thousands, and finally tens of thousands throughout France, listening to the eloquence of his appeal, and to hundreds of other boy-preachers who had become identified with him, were enrolled in the cause.

The spirit of the crusade exerted such a powerful influence on the youth of the cities and towns, that parents were utterly unable to control their children;

many ran away from home.

"No bolts nor bars,"says a historian of the young enthusiasts, "No fear of fathers nor love of mothers could hold them back.

Girls as well as boys joined the ranks and swelled the procession that followed Stephen.

Whole villages were depopulated of children."

The cry of the young crusaders filled all southern France.

The alarm was taken up from city to city, attracting the attention of all Christendom.

The authorities of government and church in

France were divided in opinion respecting the movement.

The wiser and more intelligent, of course, discountenanced it, and were in favor of crushing it, before serious consequences should ensue. But the superstition of the time, aided by the lower orders of priests and laity, was such that it carried every popular undertaking, no matter how absurd to reason it might appear.

Those who expected gain from the enterprise, and we shall see they were the worst of men, encouraged the preaching of Stephen and the parading of the hosts that followed him.

Philip Augustus, the king, a wise and sagacious monarch, issued a proclamation, ordering the children to return to their homes, but even this changed the purpose of comparatively few.

By the time that the preaching of Stephen, who now professed to work miracles, and was almost worshiped by his companions, had reached its height, it is estimated that he had thirty thousand followers, with whom he marched to the great seaport town of Marseilles.

The harbor was crowded with vessels, and though in the zealous preaching of the crusade it was said they would not be needed, for God would cause the water to disappear and enable them to go over dry shod to Syria, yet the leaders, among them many priests and monks, proceeded to make arrangements for embarking the army of children.

The ships were easily procured, their owners even offering to carry them to Palestine free of charge.

This fact alone should have revealed the wicked designs they had in view, and doubtless would, had not the priests and monks of the valiant band of crusaders been in league with them.

When the vessels were ready they were filled one after another, and set sail, leaving the dark towers of the grand old commercial city in the distance.

At first the weather was fair, and the children's hearts were full of hope, delighted alike by the novelty of the enterprise, and in the beauty of the sky, the air and the sea.

"But one day the sky was overcast.

The wind arose.

The vessels were crowded, and when night settled upon the deep the boys began to be afraid.

The wind increased in power until it became a gale.

The ships were driven before it, all their precious cargo of living, terrified children, were huddled together in the extreme of distress and alarm.

The fleet was scattered.

A number of the vessels were driven on the rocks and breakers off the island of

JEHOVAH'S PURPOSES.

Sardinia, and were wrecked, all on board perishing in the waves."The surviving vessels directed their course, not to Syria, but to Egypt.

Here the vile plot of the ship owners and the equally criminal leaders of the children, became known.

The vessels belonged to slave dealers, whose profession of piety and interest in the crusade was a deception practiced to decoy the innocent children, and to secure them for the slave markets of Egypt and Persia.

Four hundred young monks were bought by the Caliph of Bagdad, and over a thousand boys were sold to the governor of Alexandria.

All who escaped death by the sea were doomed to the more awful fate of slavery to the heathen, who purchased them.

Thus ended one of the most astonishing events of the middle ages.

An undertaking of great magnitude, certainly.

But resulting in no political changes in the world, being characterized by no bloody battles, having no renowned names of nobles connected with it as leaders, it was not as fully recorded as other crusades, and has passed almost from the memory of man.

It is, however, and will ever be, one of the darkest, saddest pages in the history of those times, calling up the sympathies of all readers, who can but lament the awful, horrible fate superstition and folly prepared for the poor innocents of the Children's Crusade.

Amalric.

When articles rise, the consumer is the first that suffers; and when they fall, he is the last that grains.

JEHOVAH'S PURPOSES.

When, in the year 1820, the eternal Father drew aside the vail, and opened the long-closed heavens, revealing Himself and His beloved Son Jesus to the prophet youth Joseph Smith, thus taking initial steps to establish His government on this sin-cursed earth, where the Adversary had long usurped authority, it was not any part of His programme that He should be foiled or frustrated, or finally defeated—He commenced to continue, He worked to succeed, He "stooped"from heaven to earth "to conquer"Satan and redeem a fallen world, and He will never relax His efforts till His righteous and eternal purposes are fully accomplished.

He knew that He would have to encounter Lucifer and his hosts—He had met and vanquished them before, and they had fallen, fallen!

But, like the devils which were cast out of Mary Magdalene, and which entered a herd of swine, ran them into the sea, and destroyed them, so when the fallen hosts were cast out of heaven, they must have some place of abode;

therefore they came upon this earth, and, like the devils who destroyed the swine, they have been and still are laboring incessantly to destroy the teeming millions of the earth, as far as they can gain possession of the bodies of men.

Though conquered, Satan would not yield, for, in the language of Milton, he says:

"What though the field be lost?

All is not lost the unconquerable will, And study of revenge, immortal hate,

And courage never to submit or yield."But this "unconquerable will,"this "study of revenge,"this "immortal hate,"and this "courage never to submit or yield,"though they will subserve Jehovah's purposes in the grand system of salvation, yet they will not suffice to gain the final victory, for the great Commander, our Eternal Father, through the instrumentality of His Son Jesus, King of Saints, and other nobles of the same honorable family, will again be victor of the field, and the earth will eventually be cleansed from sin and freed from him who first planted its seed in Eden's beautiful garden.

This work of opposition still goes bravely on, and the inquiry may be consistently made:

"How is it that you Latter-day Saints endure opposition,

JEHOVAH'S PURPOSES.

persecution, and oppression so patiently?

How is it that you do not rise up in rebellion against the government under which the most of you live, and which treats you so unconstitutionally?

We answer, the Latter-day Saint is "Patient of constituted control,

He bears it with meek manliness of soul But if authority grows wanton, woe

To him who treads upon his freeborn toe

One step beyond the boundary of the laws

Fires him, at once, in freedom's glorious cause."

He is mortal, but he is not a serf—he is a man.

He senses insults.

He feels oppression.

He groans under tyranny.

But he is taught from on high:

"Vengeance is mine, and I will repay, saith the Lord.""I, the Lord, will right your battles.""Be still,"said Moses, "and see the salvation of God."He has faith in God.

He has proven Him in the past, and he trusts Him for the future.

His creed is truth—all truth—"the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."He loves the truth.

He enjoys it.

He strives to live it.

He knows it.

And he knows that he can be saved by it.

Hence his meekness, his peaceableness, his patience, and his endurance in the persecutions to which he is subject in his mortal career.

In the language of the Savior, "He knows the truth, and the truth shall make him free.""But,"says the skeptical objector, "why suffer this opposition from the Evil

Powers to continue through the entire period of the earth's mortal history?

If God is the all-powerful being He is represented to be, why does He not muster His forces, and at once and forever crush out their rebellion against His authority, and give peace to earth?"

Because He does not wish to defeat His own purposes.

He purposed to allow a regulated measure of evil to exist, that His children may become acquainted with it by experimental contrast with the good, that knowing good and evil, and good from evil, and exercising their volition in battling and overcoming evil, they may reach perfection.

"But,"says the objector, "I do not believe there is a God at all."Then you are in a most deplorable condition, and your statement shows how successful the Adversary has been in accomplishing his purposes in you, for thus far you have become "captive to his will."

It is not our purpose here to argue this point, but we will merely insert for your consideration an anecdote of that honored philosopher, Sir Isaac Newton.

He was once examining a new globe, which was a splendid piece of workmanship, when a gentleman, who did not believe in God, and who believed that the beautiful earth upon which we live came by chance, entered his study.

His attention was immediately attracted by the handsome globe, and he quickly asked, "Who made it?""Nobody;

it happened here,"readily answered Sir Isaac, knowing the creed of his questioner.

The gentleman was astounded at the answer, but acknowledged the rebuke.

Now, we bear testimony that there is a

God.

He has purposed to redeem this earth and the law-abiding portion of His children from the power and thralldomof the Evil One, and who can prevent it?

Who shall stay His hand?

"For the Lord of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it?

And His hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back?"(Isaiah, xiv, 27.) When He purposed delivering Israel from Egyptian oppression, could Pharaoh and his mighty host prevent it?

When the Lord decreed to deliver the three Hebrew children, could all the power of the Babylonish king change that decree?

When, in the time of Noah, He determined to destroy the antediluvians by a flood, did all the power of opposition manifested by the Adversary, through that rebellious generation, avail in the least degree to prevent the rains descending, and the fountains of the great deep being broken up, to destroy the disobedient?

Or did it avail to frustrate God's purpose in saving the obedient Noah, and those who were with him in the ark of safety?

The Devil could not stop the flood, nor the consequent destruction;

neither could he sink the ship and destroy the seed that should re-people the world.

Other pertinent questions might be asked concerning

JEHOVAH'S PURPOSES.

ancient times, but let these suffice, and let us refer to the present and future.

The Lord has sworn to gather scattered Israel.

He declared, through the Prophet Daniel, that in the latter days He would establish His kingdom, which should no more be thrown down or given to another people.

He has decreed to destroy the wicked, to save the righteous, to bind Satan for a thousand years, to have a millennial reign for that period, to resurrect the slumbering millions of father Adam's numerous race, and, finally, to "make all things new."

Now, will He accomplish these purposes? He most certainly will.

The Lord works through mortal agents to accomplish His eternal purposes—the Adversary does the same.

Which power will be victorious? Which has gained the victory in the past? Man, inspired by the spirit of evil, will continue to oppose—continue to measure arms with Omnipotence;

but what will it avail?

The Lord will "make the wrath of man to praise Him,"and subserve His purposes.

"But His work will increase the more it is opposed,"as declared by the Angel of God, at the Hill Cumorah, September 22, 1823, to the Prophet Joseph Smith, concerning the work which God was about to establish on the earth through the instrumentality of the young Prophet.

And has not this hitherto been fully verified? Did the opposition to the Prophet, to his brethren, and to the work of God, prevent the establishment and growth of the work of the Almighty on the earth? No;

the Lord overruled to make it an auxiliary.

Did the assassination of the Prophet and his brother, and the attempted assassination of others, accomplish anything?

It injured the murderers and gave them "A taint of infamy,.

Which, like Iscariot's, through all time shall last,

Reeking and fresh forever."But did it stop the spread of truth—the extension of the kingdom of God on the earth?

From the existing state of things in Utah and adjoining States and Territories, and from the trumpet-tongues of a quarter of a million of Latter-day Saints, who reside there and in other parts of the earth, let the answer comein thunder-tone—No!

verily no!

Will any future opposition frustratethe designs of Jehovah?

Will the Territorial Governor's giving an election certificate to an enemy who has no shadow of a right to it;

or the passage of laws by Congress, disfranchising and oppressing the inhabitants of Utah;

or the opposition of the whole United States;

or the combined opposition and hatred of all the nations of the earth;

or the confiscation of property;

or would the massacre of ninety-nine hundredths of the Latter-day Saints would all these frustrate the purposes of the Great Eternal?

Never, no, never!

They will roll on majestically, till all are fully accomplished, and none shall stay His powerful hand.

Therefore beware, O puny man! Cease fighting against God Stop your opposition to Jehovah's decrees!

Repent of wrong, and fight for right!

Help to subdue evil, and establish peace on the earth Help the Latter-day Saints Be a Saint yourself Prepare for the glorious coming of

Christ in the clouds of heaven!

So shall you escape the hot displeasure of the Almighty, and gain a title to a crown in His celestial kingdom.

Jehovah speaks!

Let mortal man give heed, And serve the Lord in thought and word ancT deed;

For judgments dire will spread o'er sea and land The Savior's glorious coming is at hand.

—Wm. Jefferies, in Millennial Star.

True Success.—Inbusiness, inhomelife, in social intercourse, in politics, there is a success worth striving for, which is the attainment of the immediate object in view;

but there is something far higher, far more valuable, far nobler..

It is the purity of character, the elevation of purpose, the fidelity to principle,, the faith in God, and the perseverance of effort which are of themselves the real success of life, that will shine through all the clouds of temporary failures.

APHORISMS.

APHORISMS.

None can serve both God and mammon.

Matt. 6:

24.

Sacred things can be communicated only through the Holy Spirit.

The same language or words can be used to express both the sacred and the profane.

The sacred is indeed a secret to the profane.

The price of obtaining that secret is sacrifice.

To be born from the profane into a sacred life, is indeed a new birth.

A profane world takes offence at sacred efforts.

What sacredly is reason, is profanely irrational.

What is sacred to the Saint, is mystery and offence to the profane.

The sacred premises in the approach to God, is sacrifice; without the continuation of which, there is no possible abiding in the sacred.

Sacrifice is an exchange of earthly for eternal values, of profane for sacred things.

The Lord does not inaugurate sacred measures by profane means.

Between the sacred and the profane, there is an unbridgeable chasm; nothing can be carried over.

It is to go out of the profane, to be admitted into the sacred.

Sacredness has a profound character of its own, absolutely different to profane (common) characteristics;

it has its own utterance, its own inner mode, form and content, and in all, a life of its own.

The effect of sin was that Holiness was hidden.

The germ of godliness, photographed in the soul of man, even if deeply erased by sin and evil, by affinity, grasps the introductory inducements to the sacred:

"Yet oft-times a secret something

Whispered, You're a stranger here;

And I felt that I had wandered From a more exalted sphere."Inducements to the sacred are not in profane curiosity or inquisitiveness, but in the given foretaste, by anointment with the oil of gladness in the first estate.

It is a marked fact, that demons are often keen in discriminating between what is sacred and what is profane, manifesting a foreknowledge of the sacred.

Evidently, they once did know a better state.

A profane secret can be betrayed; but a holy secret can not; because the latter has no utterance only through holiness, in which there can be no treason.

Sacred gifts provide for their own additions, in the order of sacred advancement.

Hence sacred gifts are oracular, their additions prophetically expected and intelligently provided for.

It is a course of training in the school of exaltation.

Apostacy, is to retract from sacred to profane; can not make ends meet, hence it is certain ruin.

Profane reasoning against the sacred, is like the blind criticising color.

The constant characteristics of profane warfare against the sacred, are mainly envy and hatred, expressed by means of prejudice and misrepresentation.

Infidelity is either inability to discover any difference between sacred and profane, or it is self-worship, ignoring the sacred, and fraternizing with the profane.

Profane philosophy is a labyrinth of tempting phantoms, in which its victims finally get lost.

Sacred philosophy is the analysis of things as they are.

Expert profane philosophy, old and new, culminates in dialectic uncertainty, which to profound energy is a dire condition, debasing and ruinous;

but, out of which all sectarian dogmas have been compounded.

The object of profane philosophy is to hide, or raise prejudice against, sacred truth.

The object of sacred philosophy is to expound sacred truth.

The profane can in no degree be mixed with the sacred.

As death was inevitable to the profane by touching the sacred rod, so the profane can not battle successfully against the sacred.

It is like grasping in a struggle the blade

28o READING.

of a two-edged sword, or, as the Lord said to Saul, "to kick against the pricks."Sacred and profane have absolutely nothing in common, but absolutely the contrary.

The Lord said that new wine should not be put in old leather flasks, because it would burst them.

So, when sacred power touches the profane world, it grinds the latter to dust. When Enoch spake by sacred power, to the profane, they were seized with fear, they fled, and stood afar off and trembled.

Victor Eremita.

READING.

To read well is one of the fine arts, it is the sister art to music.

Like the latter, it has its scale, its rhythm, its swell and cadence, and when thoughtfully done is ever in sympathy with the subject read.

Reading varies in style, in tone, in manner, as it enters into the thing read;

address, dialogue, anecdote, narrative, are all different.

A newspaper should never be read in the same tone as would be a psalm of the Scriptures.

Poetry should never be read in the same manner as a treatise on philosophy.

The stately periods of the historian call forth a certain something, which is essentially different from the reading of Mark Twain, Dickens, or Longfellow.

There are but few good general readers, and not many who are good in any one line of reading, not many good comic readers, not many good readers of pathetic literature, few, very few who can give reality to the dramatist or interpret the pen or the words of Shakspeare.

Here or there is a good reciter of some single production with which there is more or less personal sympathy, but good reading is hardly considered a prerequisite of a finished education.

We look for it only on the stage, or in the pulpit;

it is considered a professional accomplishment, yet it is far from being universal in even its assumed or chosen home.

As for the stage, Shakspeare's advice to the players in Hamlet is just as necessary now, as then.

Few are Montgomerys, or Irvings, or Booths, and as much of their reputation probably rests on facial expression and stage accessories, as upon real ability to read; this one mouths, that one rants, another fails in emphasis, another in those more exquisite modulations of voice, which tell the master's art.

It may be that the pulpit is less worthily represented in this direction than the stage;

a long experience with many churches compels the conclusion that but few, very few, of the clergy or ministers of our day are entitled to be called readers they often run into monotone, or affect a sametonious tone, a sing-song manner if you please; with the stage, the pulpit is negligent, indifferent or untrained; some two orthree exceptionalinstances alone occur to memory during the experience of many years.

In our schools and educational institutions good reading is almost unknown; the teachers and professors being unaccomplished, but little can be expected from the pupils; so there are many silent readers, but few who can read to others as readers should read.

Books, magazines and newspapers are being multiplied, but to secure reading, that is, the ability to read in an accomplished or correct manner, there is needed a vast amount of judicious and faithful training.

Many of our youth, and some of our teachers, have been taking lessons from a famed reader of this country;

his public displays have given evidence of intense study in this grand art, but for the masses he soars too high.

Ordinary readers want to master ordinary reading matter, that which belongs to our sacred books, to current literature, to the daily press.

They do not expect to become professionals, or to make the stage, the platform, or the bar even, their avocations in life, but in quiet, modest hours, in the Sabbath school, now and again on the stand, they expect to read, and in these positions the masses should be able

SUMMER.

to read, that even familiar words might glow again with new beauty and come with new force upon every repetition.

Much of our reading is strained and unnatural, consequently becomes distasteful, but as a good conversationalist never tires the listener, so a good reader being natural, becomes so absorbed in and identified with his topic or reading, that individuality is most dormant when most active, and the words or thoughts of others meet their best and warmest interpretation.

Who would not like that good readers should be increased in number?

Who is there that is not fascinated by the well rendered music of our mother tongue?

Who would not like so fine an accomplishment, as a permanent feature of the domestic circle?

Would not every hearthstone, every home, have one more satisfying and enjoyable attraction if those who gather, who dwell there, were thus able to aid in that communion of soul with soul, which consists in the reproduction of the best thoughts of the gifted and master minds of all the ages of the past?

And would not love for thought, for literature, for art, for poetry, for science, for history, for revelation and inspiration, be wonderfully increased and be better appreciated by a faithful rendering of the spirit of the great original.

Let, then, our young men, our young ladies, learn to read, to read aright, to read well, to read intelligently, to read aloud—to others.

So shall all these minds absorb of the influence which was ever gathered around the written thought;

then reading will not be among the lost or unknown arts, but it will be as good eternally, "a thing of beauty and a joy forever!"H. W. Naisbitt.

SUMMER.

Bright summer comes along the sky,

And paints the glowing year;

Where'er we turn the raptured eye,

Her splendid tints appear.

Thus when so fit to lift the song To gratitude and heaven, To whom her purple charms belong,

From whom those charms are given?

Thee, Thee, Almighty King of kings,

Man worships not alone;

Each budding flower its incense brings,

And wafts it to Thy throne.

The fields with verdant mantle gay,

The groves'sequestered walks,

All, all around Thy praise display,

And dumb creation talks.

When Morn, with rosy fingers fair,

Her golden journey takes;

When freshening zephyrs fan the air,

And animation wakes;

Man starts from emblematic death,

And bends the grateful knee, To welcome, with transported breath,

New light, and life, and Thee!

When Noon averts his radiant face,

And shoots his piercing eye;

And Eve, with modest, measured pace,

Steps up the western sky, Reposed beneath Thy guardian wings,

The pious mortal rests;

Nor knows one watchful care that springs

Within unholy breasts.

What, then, if pealing thunders roll, If lightnings flash afar;

Undaunted hears his sainted soul

The elemental war.

'Tis but to him a parent's voice,

That blesses while it blames;

That bids unburdened air rejoice,

And life and health proclaims.

Night's deepest gloom is but a calm

That soothes the wearied mind;

The labored day's restoring balm,

The comfort of mankind.

O, thus may heaven and holy peace

Smooth soft the rocks of age;

Till Thou shalt bid existence cease,

And tear its blotted page:

Till storms no more or tempests rage,

And death's dark vale I see;

That vale which, through the shadowy grave,

But leads to heaven and Thee!

Hunt.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In A dvance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, June, 1881, WRITING LETTERS.

The following interesting article on the above subject was first published in the Evening and Morning Star in 1832.

It was incorporated in the history of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and if not written by him, at least had his endorsement and approval.

It is deserving the attention of readers of the Contributor, who should remember that this magazine is published expressly to encourage them in the art of writing, and that its mission is to develop the literary talent of the rising generation of Latter-day Saints.

[Editor.] The art of writing is one of the greatest blessings we enjoy.

To cultivate it is our duty and to use it is our privilege.

By it the thoughts of the heart can act without the body, and the mind can speak without the head, while thousands of miles apart, and for ages after the flesh has mouldered back to its mother dust.

Beloved reader, have you ever reflected on this simple, this useful, this heavenly blessing?

It is one of the best gifts of God to man, and it is his privilege to enjoy it.

By writing, the word of the Lord has been handed down to the inhabitants of the earth from generation to generation.

By writing, the inventions and knowledge of men have been received, age after age, for the benefit of the world.

By writing, the transactions of life, like the skies over the ocean, are spread out upon the current of time, for the eyes of the rising multitudes to look upon.

And while we are thus summing up some of the blessings and enjoyments which result from this noble art, let us not forget to view a few of the curses and mischiefs which follow an abuse of it.

Let us not forget to set a better example, when we see the slanderer dip his raven's quill in gall to blot the fair fame of some innocent person.

Let us weep, for so will the heavens do, when the great men of the earth write their glory in the tears of the fatherless and the widow.

Let us mourn while this world's vanity is written for deception, in letters of gold.

But enough, for the wicked are writing their cwn death-warrant, and the hail of the Lord shall sweep away the refuge of lies.

We, as the disciples of the blessed Jesus, are bound by every consideration that makes religion a blessing to the inhabitants of the earth, while we see this exalted privilege abused, to set a more noble example: to do our business in a more sacred way, and, as servants of the Lord, that would be approved in all things, hide no fault of our own, nor cover any imperfection in others; neither offend lest we bring reproach upon the great cause of our Eternal Father.

It is pleasing to God to see men use the blessings which He gives them and not abuse them.

For this reason if the Saints abide in the faith wherewith they have been called, the earth shall yield her increase, and the blessings of heaven shall attend them, and the Lord will turn to them a pure language, and the glory of God will again be among the righteous on earth.

All things are for men, not men for all things.

Beloved brethren, before we can teach the world how to do right, we must be able to do so ourselves.

Therefore, in the love of Him who is altogether lovely, whose yoke is easy and whose burden is light, who spake as never man spake, let us offer a few ideas on this subject for the consideration of such as mean to love their neighbors as themselves, for the sake of righteousness and eternal life.

Never write a letter to a friend or foe, unless you have business, which cannot be done as well in some other way; or, unless you have news to communicate, that is worth time and money.

In this way you will increase confidence and save postage.

EDITORIAL.

Never write anything to a friend or foe that you are afraid to read to friend or foe, for letters from a distance, especially one or two thousand miles, are sought for with great anxiety; and as no one is a perfect judge of men and things, you are liabfe to misrepresent yourself, your country, your friends and your enemies, and put in the mouths of the honest, as well as the dishonest, a lie, which truth, in her gradual but virtuous way, may not contradict till your head is under the silent clods of the valley.

Never write anything but truth, for truth is heavenly, and like the sun, is always bright, and proves itself without logic, without reasons, without witnesses, and ^iever fails.

Truth is of the Lord and will prevail.

Never reprove a friend or foe for faults in a letter, except by revelation;

for, in the first place, your private intentions, be they ever so good are liable to become public, because all letters may be broken open, and your opinion only on one side of the question, can be scattered to the four winds; and he to whom you meant good receives evil;

and you are not benefitted.

Again we can hardly find language, written or spoken on earth, at this time, that will convey the true meaning of the heart to the understanding of another;

being thus liable to be misunderstood you may cause pain, and, to use an old simile, bleed an old sore by probing it for proud flesh, when it only needed a little oil, from the hand of the good Samaritan, in person, to heal it.

No matter how pure your intentions may be; no matter how high your standing is, you cannot touch man's heart when absent as when present.

Truly you do not cast your pearls before swine, but you throw your gold before man, and he robs you for your folly.

Instead of reproof give good advice and when face to face, rebuke a wise man and he will love you;

or do so to your friend, that, should he become your enemy, he cannot reproach you;

thus you may live, not only unspotted, but unsuspected.

Never write what you would be ashamed to have printed;

or what might offend the chastest ear or hurt the softest heart.

If you write what you are ashamed to have printed, you are partial;

if you write what would offend virtue, you have n'ot the spirit of the Lord;

and if you write what would wound the weakhearted, you are not feeding the Lord's lambs, and thus you are not doing to others what you would have them do to you.

The only rule we would give to regulate writting letters is this:

Write what you are willing should be published in this world, and in the world to come.

Would to God that not only the disciples of Christ, but the whole world were willing to follow this rule.

Then the commandments would be kept, and no one would write a word against the Lord his God.

No one would write a word against his father or mother.

No one would write against his neighbor.

No one would write a word against the creatures of God.

No one would need write a word against anything but sin;

and then the world would be worth living in, for there would be none to offend.

Labor.—A certain degree of labor and exertion seems to have been allotted us by Providence, as the condition of humanity.

"In the sweat of thy brow shaft thou eat thy bread:"this is a curse which has proved a blessing in disguise.

And those favored few who, by their rank or their riches, are exempted from all exertion, have no reason to be thankful for the privilege.

It was the observation of this necessity that led the ancients to say, "the gods sold us everything, but gave us nothing."Water, however, which is one of the great necessaries of life, may, in general, be gratuitously procured;

but it has been well observed, that if bread, the other great necessary of human life, could be procured on terms equally cheap and easy, there would be much more reason to fear that men would become brutes for the want of something to do, rather than philosophers from the possession of leisure.

And the facts seem to bear out the theory.

It all countries where nature does the most, man does the least; and where she does but little, there we shall find the utmost acme of human exertion.

Colton.

JUNE.

JUNE, "The month of roses and of love."

Delightful, indeed, is this beautiful month.

The fragrance of roses fills the air and the breath of summer sweetness pervades hill and dale, grove and woodland.

It is the time of singing birds.

The nests are built, and in happy restfulness they make sweet melody.

All day long the larks in the meadows peal forth glad notes and around the dwelling places of men the swallows twitter dreamily.

The whippoorwill at this season of the year, chants his mournful lay;

but of all the songsters of forest or field, the nightingale possesses the most potent charm.

All night long she sings melodiously, perched upon some slender bough, swayed by the passing breeze, then she sits and warbles a marvelous variety of notes in weird and tender cadences, telling, as it were, her "love tales to the moon."A consciousness of the poetry of music is awakened in the heart as one listens to this famous songstress, and emotions of sympathy, such as one can comprehend but can never express, emanate from the soul of the listener, as this night bird pours forth her sweet minstrelsy of magnificent eloquence.

Much has been written by the finest authors of the exquisite music of the nightingale.

The emotional song of this bird breathes the very spirit of poesy and love, and one listens, breathlessly entranced, as it were, to the wonderful quavers and roundelays, just as the lover listens to the vows of his inamorata.

The balmy summertime is laden with a complete fulness of ineffable delights.

Nature seems to have burst forth in myriad graces, an effusion of beauty, which bespeaks love throughout the universe;

especially is the summer night adapted to sweet interchange of thought and feeling.

Byron says:

"It is the hour when from the boughs

The nightingale's high note is heard;

It is the hour when lovers'vows Seem sweet in every whispered word."

There is a pretty legend of the nightingale among the peasantry in the south of France:

"They say and believe that long ago the nightingale sang in the day time, like other birds, but, that once in a warm night of May, when the vine was growing quickly, a bird of this species went to rest upon a vine and fell asleep there; and while he slept, the tendrils grew very fast, and as they grew, they twined about his tiny legs and held them, so that when the morning came he could not get away, though his comrades came to help him.

The poor bird died in this miserable situation, and his comrades were so impressed by what they had seen, that they dared no longer to go to sleep at night, but watched in fear of the same fate, and sang to keep each other awake."This is a sort of innocent superstition, and yet the peasants, it is said, speak of it to one another in low tones as though it were a secret.

There are a number of traditions among the peasantry of different countries concerning the nightingale.

One oriental tradition is that there is a bird language which is understood by some persons, that there is a peculiar mysticism in it, and that they who understand bird-lore, must not communicate it until they are about to die, and then to only one member of their own family, as a sort of entailed legacy.

It is possible these traditions are a relic of heathen mythology, but "there are more things in heaven and earth"than can be actually demonstrated by positive knowledge.

The music of the waters is another charm of nature which heightens the keen sense of enjoyment.

The running brooks babble and laugh, the voices frequently dying away in prolonged silvery ripples of joyous echoes.

In fact, nature, at this season, has put on her fairest garments, and the whole earth is garlanded in beauty.

Everywhere the eye can penetrate, the landscape stretches out before us in magnificent splendor.

"Go abroad, Upon the paths of nature, and, when all

Its voices whisper, and its silent things

Are breathing the deep beauty of the world,

Kneel at its simple altar."

JUNE.

These lines by N. P. Willis are touchingly beautiful.

God seems nearer to us at such times and in such places, and our hearts instinctively reach out after the infinite, and seek to grasp the unknown, and faith like an intuitive inspiration whispers to us of God.

A morning in the woods or fields, a talk with nature, joining in the general chorus of birds and waterfall, or silently communing with trees and flowers, listening between the brief pauses of insects humming, or the lowing of herds and flocks, to catch the key of symphony, is calculated to give us a deeper note of intense sympathy with nature, connecting the elements of the globe on which we live, and all the creatures which dwell thereon, by some mysterious link, to the soul of man, and rendering him nobler from the inter-dependence.

The language of flowers has always been associated in the human mind with the sentiments of love and friendship, in brief, with affairs of the heart.

There is such an endless variety of flowers that it is an inexhaustible subject to touch upon.

And, in fact, we know so little really about flowers, except as "a thing of beauty and a joy forever,"that one hesitates to speak individual thoughts.

Pansies for thoughts!

"The fair Ophelia"said, "There's rosemary, that's for remembrance;

pray you, love, remember; and there is pansies 3 that's for thoughts."Pansy is the French word pensde, and in France, pensde or pansy as we term it, "is associated only with tender thoughts."The association of flowers with love is as old as love itself.

"Perhaps I began to love thee,"the Cyclops says to Galatea, "when first thou earnest with my mother to gather hyacinths upon the hill."How many precious flowers of sweet fragrance, wild or cultivated, are carefully hidden away in some old book, whose leaves are seldom turned, except in remembrance of these tender mementoes.

O, this impassioned human feeling which fancifully clings to us in all conditions of life, finding silent expression in a simple flower, or an exquisite leaf, thrilling our hearts involuntarily as by a magic charm, opening up avenues of tenderness where all seemed cold, and hard, and barren of emotion!

The most acceptable of all offerings from the loverto his sweetheart is a flower, a vine, or plant;

these seem to convey more depth of sentiment than aught else.

Every person, or every lover of nature, has preferences, and the ancient Greeks "believed the gods must have them also."Thus "that the vine was especially beloved by Bacchus, the poplar by Hercules, the myrtle by beautiful Venus, and the laurel by Phoebus.

But Phyllis amat corylos—Phillis loves hazels—and so long as Phyllis shall love hazels, neither the myrtle nor Apollo's laurel shall surpass them."The Roman poet had a love for sylvan nature, we are told, and from the writings of Virgil and others, we are ourselves convinced.

But this is an inexhaustible subject, and as the summer has come, the lover of nature may go forth upon the hills, and in some shady nook or pleasant retreat, enjoy to his heart's content, the real, full bloom of leafy June.

There is beauty in nature outside of human needs, which finds that it is too deep for any expression, save silence.

I have sometimes thought that flowers were a heritage bequeathed to Eve when she was shut out from Paradise, to compensate some little for the loss of all the perfection of bloom that existed in the "Garden of Eden."There is certainly a fascination, an atmosphere about them that brings remembrance of happier things, and who knows but in permitting us to come here and forget our first estate, flowers are the souvenirs heaven vouchsafed to us—the symbol of love.

Amethyst.

God is on the side of virtue for whoever dreads punishment, suffers it; and whoever deserves it, dreads it.

We should always do the best we can in the circumstances in which we are placed, not idly dreaming of the great things we would do if they were different.

Those who would do much elsewhere accomplish little anywhere.

KNIGHTING OF THE BLACK PRINCE.

KNIGHTING OF THE BLACK PRINCE.

Edward III., pursued by Philip of France, knew that when once he had crossed the River Somme, the cavalry would be sent forward to harass his march;

so he stopped at a place called Cressy.

He selected a good position, a gently sloping hill, topped by a thick wood;

there he drew up his men.

The wood covered thejr rear, and on the flanks he dug deep ditches.

The ground he stood on had been part of his mother's dowry;

he let his men know that, and thereby stimulated their determination to hold it.

The Prince of Wales, called the Black Prince, from the color of his mail, the flower of European chivalry as long as he lived, who was now only in his seventeenth year, commanded the first line, having two old earls to help him;

this was his first battle. Two other earls commanded the second line, and the King himself commanded the reserve.

Each of the three lines contained about the same relative proportions of bill-men, men-atarms and archers the latter arm constituted nearly half of the whole force.

The French came on eagerly, secure of their victory.

Philip was only afraid that Edward would escape him.

He winded his whole army in his hurry to overtake the English; and they were so excited that, when the front was ordered to halt, and stood still, it was pushed forward by the rear right up to the English front.

Philip galloped about madly, and at last got a sort of half order established;

he, too, divided his army into three lines.

The English had been sitting down in the ranks, quietly eating their dinners, and watching the surging sea of perspiring Frenchmen down below; but their practiced eyes saw the gradual restoration of order, and they jumped up and handled their weapons.

Philip put foremost fifteen thousand of his Genoese bowmen.

They had a taste of English fighting before, and at first they confined themselves, as a weapon of attack, to yelling discordantly.

Then, when they came near enough, they commenced in good earnest to discharge their bolts.

The English archers waited their time;

then, when the signal was given, after their wont, each one stepped forward one pace, and drew his bow to his ear.

From this moment cloth-yard shafts snowed upon the Genoese.

Their cumbrous and ill-jointed armor was pierced.

They flung down their crossbows and fled precipitately.

Philip was enraged;

he cried:

"Kill me the scoundrels, for they stop up our road without any reason!"The French knights did this, and cut down the Genoese as they came back.

Meanwhile the English were pressing forward, and began to pick off the French knights as they struggled up the hill, over the down-trodden Genoese.

A perfect confusion ensued, the wounded horses plunging madly amid the crowds of Genoese;

and Welsh and Cornish men, armed with dirks, skulked into the mdee, and stabbed the dismounted knights.

The tumult was at last in some degree abated.

A blind man, the king of Bohemia, commanded in the front of Philip's army;

he requested his squires to lead him into the thickest of the fight.

They ranged themselves thickly around him, and he had knights on both hands.

Those next him attached hand-reins to the bit of his charger, and then they all charged abreast upon the Black Prince and his men.

Their second line supported them close behind, and the prince was very hard pressed.

The Earl of Warwick sent off a knight at full gallop to beseech the king to bring forward the reserve.

He was standing at the top of a windmill, studying the progress of the battle.

When the messenger came up he said: "Is my son dead, unhorsed, or so badly wounded that he cannot support himself?""Nothing of the sort,"was the reply;

"but he is in so hot a fight that he has great need of your help.""Tell him, then,"answered the king, "to expect no aid from me.

Let the boy win his spurs;

for I am determined that, if it please God, all the

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

glory and honor of this day shall be given to him, and to those into whose care I have entrusted him."The prince did win his spurs; he held his ground against the fresh men of the French second line, under the Duke d'Alencon, and taking up the offensive, beat them right back on their reserve.

That part of the French army, as yet unengaged—

for its efforts to pass over the choked and narrow ground had been fruitless was now attacked by the heroic boy.

They were broken and dispersed.

Philip was pitched from his horse, and fled with only sixty companions; thus the battle of Cressy was gained.

The French lost in it, one king, the blind monarch, twelve hundred knights, and English historians say, about thirty thousand soldiers.

After the battle the king embraced his boy, and said:

"Sweet son, you have this day shown yourself worthy of your spurs, and the crown for which you have so nobly fought.

God grant you good perseverance!"Never did knight more royally receive the accolade.

Selected.

LAUGHTER.

Frequent and loud laughter is the characteristic of folly and ill-manners;

it is the manner in which the mob express their silly joy at silly things; and they call it being merry.

In my mind, there is nothing so illiberal and so illbred, as audible laughter.

True wit or sense never yet made any body laugh; they are above it;

they please the mind, and give a cheerfulness to the countenance.

But it is low buffoonery, or silly accidents, that always excite laughter;

and that is what people of sense and breeding should show themselves above.

A man's going to sit down in the supposition that he has a chair behind him, and falling down upon his breech for want of one, sets a whole company laughing, when all the wit in the world would not do it;

a plain proof, in my mind, how low and unbecoming a thing laughter is;

not to mention the disagreeable noise that it makes, and the shocking distortion of the face that it occasions.

Many people, at first from awkwardness, have got a very disagreeable and silly trick of laughing whenever they speak; and I know men of very good parts who cannot say the commonest things without laughing, which makes those who do not know them take them at first for natural fools.

Chesterfield.

Small talk—a baby's prattle.

If you want knowledge, you must toil for it;

if food, you must toil for it;

and, if pleasure, you must toil for it.

Toil is the law.

Pleasure comes through toil, and not by self-indulgence and indolence.

When a man gets to love work, his life is a happy and contented one.

As we cannot judge of the motion of the earth by anything within the earth, but by some celestial point that is beyond it;

so the wicked, by comparing themselves with the wicked, perceive not how far they are advanced in their iniquity;

to know precisely what lengths they have gone, they must fix their attention on some bright and exalted character that is not of them, but above them.

When all moves equally, says Pascal, nothing seems to move, as in a vessel under sail; and when all run by common consent into vice, none appear to do so.

He that stops first, views as from a fixed point the horrible extravagance that transports the rest.

Colton.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE.

A Quarterly Conference of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations was held in the Tabernacle, Ogden, on Sunday evening, April 17, i88r.

The house was crowded. There were present on the stand, President Jos. F. Smith, C.

W. Penrose and the Presidents of the

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

most of the societies in the Stake.

Superintendent Joseph A.

West presiding.

After singing and prayer, reports were given of the condition ot the Associations, which indicated a favorable growth and a season of prosperity among the young.

An interesting statistical report was read by the Secretary. There are twentyone

Associations in the county, with a membership of eight hundred and thirty eight libraries, with a value of three hundred and sixty-four dollars, and eight manuscript papers.

During the past year, sixty-six thousand one hundred and twenty-eight chapters have been read, seven hundred and eightythree lectures given, and six hundred and thirty-five testimonies borne.

Elder C. W. Penrose addressed the audience, giving choice instructions to the young on the efficacy of prayer and the existence of God.

He was followed by Prest.

Jos.

F.

Smith, who, relating anecdotes of Job, Abraham, Daniel, and the Hebrew Children, beautifully illustrated how implicit faith in God ends in blessings, welfare and prosperity.

The Stake Association officers were sustained as formerly.

The choir sang an anthem, and conference adjourned for three months.

E. H. Anderson, Secretary Weber Stake Y. M. M.

I. A.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

"Autobiography and Poems,"by Hannah

Cornaby.

For sale at Spanish Fork, Utah Co., and at the Exponent Office.

Price $1.00.

This new literary home production is one deserving public recognition.

The Autobiography is quite interesting, presenting familiar scenes in the journeying of the Saints from abroad, and their experience's pioneers, in the unmurmuring spirit of patience and devotion that God gives His people in their hours of trial.

The Poems breathe the same kind feeling, and though mostly of a personal nature, intended for the comfort of individual friends, are meritorious, and may be read with pleasure by all.

"A String of Pearls,"and "Leaves FROM MY Journal,"published at the Juvenile

Instructor Office.

These are the second and third books of the Faith Promoting Series, and are full of interesting and profitable matter for young re"aders.

Price 25 cents each.

The Youth's Co?npanion comes regularly from the publishers, Mason, Perry & Co., Boston.

It is altogether the finest weekly juvenile journal published in America.

We have never yet seen an article in its pages with an objectionable moral.

"How we fed the Baby,"is the title to a small work by Dr. Page, of New York.

It is one containing very many valuable suggestions to parents on dieting their children and feeding them regularly and properly, from the earliest hours of infancy until grown.

Its arguments are apparently based on the belief that "more deaths occur from over feeding than from starvation;"a statement in which we have undoubting confidence.

Published by Fowler & Wells, New York.

Price 50 cents.

"A Century of Dishonor,"by H. H.,is a sketch of the United States Government's dealings with some of the Indian tribes.

It is a work of very great interest to the sympathizers with the poor aborigines, whose unjust and inhuman treatment at the hands of Government and modern civilization calls for the liveliest interest from humanitarians and philanthropists.

We hope the book will exert the influence it is designed to, and lead those in power to modify their methods in the management of Indian matters.

The people of Utah, who understand the

Indians, will be much interested in this book.

Published by Harper Brothers, New York, and for sale at Jos.

H.

Parry's book store, Salt Lake City.

AD VERTISEMEN1 S.

T B. CARDON, LOCAN CITY, UTAH.

Clock, Jewelry, Plated Ware AX J) SPE C TA CLES.

Eockford Quick Tram,Waltham, Elgin,

A XD OTHE K W A TCHES'.

Repairing done by Competent Workmen and Guaranteed.

PICTURES and PORTRAITS t'oisied ami F.iihtrged to ««i v Size.

Photographs taken in the Best Style by First-Class Artists.

I11AMES, CHROMOS, ENGRAVINGS AND

ALL KINDS OF VIEWS.

WM.

H. PETERSEN, BUTCHER.

The Choicest Meats at the Cheapest Prices.

i«i£>!5 irirst Sonth Street, SALT LAKE CITY.

D.

C. YOUNG, C.

E., ARCHITECT.

Plans, Specifications and Estimates Furnished for City and Country Residences Meetinghouses, and all classes of Public Buildings.

Surveying and Drafting Done.

Office in Old Constitution Building.

P.

0. Box €E4, Salt Lake City.

People f* More, PBOVO, Dealer in General Merchandise,—ANDEXPORTER OF UTAH PRODUCE.

LOGAN BRANCH Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS _A.lsTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C.

WM. JENNINGS, Superintendent, R.

S. WATSON, Manager.

ADVERUSE MEA 7 S.

WHEN YOU BUY THE BEST, IT WILL SURELY BE

A. BAIN WAGON, They have long been tried, and have stood the test better than any other wagon.

It is so with the Oliver Chilled and lioline Flows, Tiger Hay Hakes, Champion Machines, Triumph Drills, Vibrating and Scotch Harrows, Hardwood, and Warn

Material, 6@T° These are first-class goods, and we guarantee full satisfaction.

HOWARD SEBREE, Salt Lake.

SEBREE, FERRIS & HOLT, Ogden.

Pembroke ail Western Markets.

1st South St., No.

fi2 2nd South St, WHITE & SONS, ProprietorsHave always on hand the choicest of meats in season. Pork and Beel Sausages

Bologna and all kinds of dried meats.

(TW All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, West Temple Street,

Opposite City Meat Market.

MORRIS & EVANS, GRAVE AND MONUMENTAL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAZE CITY.

SEARS A IjIDDI/E, GENERAL DEALERS IN Grain, Floor and Seeds, 55 and 57 Fast Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY, H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Slieep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

Ziom'a I@irf of Frmtie, Mamam AGENTS FOE THE CELEBRATED Studebaker Farm and Spring Wagons, Buckeye Mowers and

Reapers, Furst Sp Bradley South Bend Chilled Plows,

Harrows, Sulky Plows and Rakes,

Etc.

iLLSO IDEA.LEES X2nT BA&DWDOD, mil IRON, 7.1V., CHA1KS, I ALL KIPS

OF FARM FUTURES.

We kindly invite our friends to call and examine our stock before purchasing elsewhere.

FRED.

TURNER, Superintendent.

AD VERTISEMENTS.

toe leuhb warn warn OK THE GEEAT WEST'.

Z CM I Salt Lake City, Utah.

This Institution Carries in its Immense Stock, Complete Lines or Dry Goods, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Glassware, Clothing, Carpets, and Boots and Shoes.

WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, i Linoleums Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Ccrnices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAIN'S, LAMBREQUIXS, AT H.

D OODEY'S, Kir*t South Street Sa.lt lialto Oil v.

OPPOSITE Z.

C. M.

I., L l ail A.

RETAIL DEALERS IN BOOTS AND SHOES, LADIES'and GENTS'FANCY GOODS, A SPECIALTY.

ORDERS BY MAIL WILL RECEIVE CAREFUL ATTENTION L.

D. and A* YOUNG, OPPOSITE 2.

C.

It.

I.

Schuttl.er Farm, Wagons, Sehviller Spring Wtt&ons, f.ortlawl Spring Wagon* and Buggies, Buckeye.

Reaper* and Mower,*, Sttree/isirrkes Thresh'mg Machine*, Minnesota C'def Threshing Match in-*.

Unities Headers, Eui&t and.

Bradley Hows, Soidh l>nd Lhilhd Plows, F-mslx Ilay Loaders, Se'f

Dump Sidkf/ JIau Rakes, Hand />/•»»/) Sulky Jlay Rake*, Dederiek'.i Hay fresxe*, Ames I'nrtable Steam Engines, Cuo/>er.if; Co.'* Saw Mills, I.effeL Turbine Wheels, Scutts Steel Four

Barbed Fencing Wire.

My Stock is Lirje and Complete, And «ill lie Sold nt lowst I'rlces mid «n liberal leruin.

Letters of inquiry answered promptly.

GEO. A LOWE, Salt Lake City, and Ogden, Utah.

THE OGDEN PIPE CO., is now prepared to furnish the

UORTOiN WATER PIPE la large or small cpantfifeE at prices ranging from CNETHIBD to ONE-HALF the cost of IBON.

Farmers, Miners, Municipal Aurhorities and all Corporations or Indiuiduals Requiring

Should si-nil I'm Ciuci -i.aks iind I 'kicks lieInre i-uirlmsina il-i-wherc vie u n n i; 1 1 o « our pi|>i- to i.ns i us >• xiu,Mi*l;iin a- union pirssiue.

; ntl i<> eqnjil.)> miI.jiihI csirl i- irvtmy x-spoois tin- very bcsi sijuiihud iron pipe man iilad.'red.

It combines LlLJiJT.NlvSS WITH STRENGTH, AND CHEAPNESS with DURABILITY.

And wifere ronstaiil Iv used, will

Istsl tin'#«!>-•

<-i sv'ioiis.

It >aii t'thiidii a nouiliod cost and scut t<> distant points at nm- fourth the «o»i f»i tiaiisportaii I iron luiiniz.

1-or I'iiiMcUlus, piii-fs.

tVi T. at p)y to THE OCDEN PIPE CO., Oeden, Utah.

JUST DECEIVED, BEST ENGLISH BOUND CHURCH WCEKS,

LATEST ELECTROTYPE EDITIONS.

Book of Mormon, with references, cloth, $i.oo, leather, $1.25, morocco ex.

gilt. #3.00; Doctrine and Covenants, with references, cloth, Si 00, leather, $1.25, roan, Si. 65, calf gilt, $2.50, morofcco ex.

gilt, $300;

Voice of Warning, cloth, 50c, cloth ex., 75c, calf gr.

gilt, $1 10;

Key to Theology, cloth, 75c, calf gr.

gilt, $1.50;

Spencer's Letters, cloth, 90c, calf gr.

gilt, $1.60;

Pearl of Great Price, paper, 30c, boards, 40c, cloth, 50c, cloth ex.

gilt, 60c Catechism for Children, cloth gilt, 35c; Hymn Hook, roan, 75c, calf gr.

$1.00, morocco ex gilt, $1 65.

Liberal liscjuntsto La»pe (rters.

All lo:fcs careful y wraptiei anu sent to any a.dresa iree cf to i,a- e on receipt cf prices, ey I.S. HYEUM PAEEY, Uow6?.ealer. nd Bo»fcseller, Salt Laie City. thai.