VOL.

III.

JANUARY, 1882.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE KTRIBUTOR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS E. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, UTAH*

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS EOR JANUARY, 1882.

I'AGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

IV.

Children in Heaven......

Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

Muses Thatcher The Echo Canon War.

Ill Vaux Objections to the Book of Mormon.

Geo. Reynolds The Brahmans of India Wm. Fotheringham Eras of the Church H.

W.

Naisbitt Winter Pleasures Amethyst m Raphael the Painter Jatfuu Association History.

Weber County.

I E. H. Ande/son Offence,.

Victor Eremita Great Engineering Projects A Common Enemy......

C. H. Bliss To L. B. J Beppo "Sand"...7. B. K.

Live and Labor Emily Hill Woodmansee.

EDITORIAL:

"Young Mormondom"Destruction of a Swiss Village «..N.

Y. Times Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conferences, '.

Answers to Questions Questions to Answer.- This space will be occupied by the advertisement of Spencer

Clawson, in the next number of the Magazine.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

fgfffg m IN OUR Can be found all the NEW SHADES of BLACK and COLORED

Silks', Satijis, Satin DeLyon, Surah Silk and Satin.

Plaid, Stripe and Plain Velvets, all colors.

IN OUR IP Ck gP^fP (D WE HAVE BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE, ALPACAS, TARNISE CLOTH, PLAIDS, STRIPES, and all kinds of Plain and Fancy Dress Goods.

I Is well supplied with a Full and Complete Assortment of

Ribbons, Laces, Embroideries, Kid and Cotton Gloves, all sizes and qualitiesrrxein^n^Einsro-s. latest sttles.

COBSETS.

CORSETS.

CORSETS.

JBJ^ Jiio! Jt):

p« Wk 1)1 ^f^»§p&lpf«lp

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SCHUTTLER FARM. FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH,.AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A URGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Latest ImpF§¥§^ Fstwm M9toMm@&,

AO-EHXTT:ro:r. the celebrated DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling "Wire and JPatent Bale Ties.

o AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pmups, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederick Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, OEO.

_A_. LOWE, OGDEN. UTAH.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DINWOODEY'S, First Soiatri Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER PRICE $25.

KNITS A SOCK IN J MINUTES.

Can teach you to Knit in ONE HOVJK.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VRIE TIES!

4 Ton Scales, $6o, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS ana SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hetnatite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc., JOH2T T*7\ SSSHEIjXj.

One Block FoutJi of Theatre.

P. O. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

iW,.

.

.

iU i.i.

i,± sliteli and p»t fQQhi Iillj MANUFACUTRERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET IbTesct to Teaa.3a.in.gfs <Sc Sons.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

.LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS.iOsTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MalcesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &£, &C WM. JENNINGS, R.

S. WATSON, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADNERTISEMENTS.

STUDEBAKER BROS. MAInT'G- CO., /:^^ South B^A^> MANUFACTURERS OF arm, neigni i opnng m agons, 1 CARRIAGES fasd j BPQBBS.

All sizes and styles of which we carry in stock, or ivill build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

JAS.

B. GLASS, Manager.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ff rosi i us, mi mi m m mm Salt Lake City, Cornice anfl Curtails, etc, Mattresses and Feathers, etc.

GENERAL UPHOLSTERY Children's Imimi and Soys'Wagons.

Mil M pnoAj SPECIALTY IN LADIES'and GENTS lf« I NOVELTIES IN JVechwear, Handherch iefs, Hosiery, Embroidery and Laces.

tytouftfintiSSfi!?} Salt Lab Citv, UtaL

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

JANUARY, i!

No.

4.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

IV.

Sunday, March 20, 1842, I preached to a large assembly in the grove, near the Temple, on the west.

The body of a deceased child of Mr.

Windsor P.

Lyon being before the assembly, changed my design in the order of my remarks, a brief synopsis of which was reported by Elder Wilford Woodruff, as follows:

President Smith read chapter xiv of Revelations, and said:

We have again the warning voice sounded in our midst, which shows the uncertainty of human life; and in my leisure moments I have meditated upon the subject, and asked the question, why it is that infants, innocent children, are taken away from us especially those that seem to be the most intelligent and interesting?

And the strongest reasons that present themselves to my mind are these:

This world is a very wicked world; and it is a proverb that the"world grows weaker and wiser;"if it is the case, the world grows more wicked and corrupt.

In the earlier ages of the world a righteous man, and a man of God and of intelligence, had a better chance to do good, to be believed and received than at the present day; but in these days such a man is much opposed and persecuted by most of the inhabitants of the earth, and he has much sorrow to pass through here.

The Lord takes many away, even in infancy, that they may escape the envy of man, and the sorrows and evils of this present World; they were too pure, too lovely, to live on earth;

therefore, if rightly considered, instead of mourning we have reason to rejoice as they are delivered from evil, and we shall soon have them again.

What chance is there for infidelity when we are parting with our friends almost daily?

None at all.

The infidel will grasp at every straw for help until death stares him in the face, and then his infidelity takes its flight, for the realities of the eternal world are resting upon him in mighty power; and when every earthly support and prop fails him,he then sensibly feels the eternal truth of the immortality of the soul.

We should take warning and not wait for the deathbed to repent, as we see the infant taken away by death, so may the youth and middle aged, as well as the infant be suddenly called into eternity.

Let this, then, prove as a warning to all not to procrastinate repentance or await a deathbed, for it is the will of God that man should repent and serve Him in health, and in the strength and power of his mind, and in order to secure His blessing, not wait until he is called to die.

Also the doctrine of baptizing children, or sprinkling them, or they must welter in hell, is a doctrine not true, not supported in holy writ, and is not consistent with the character of God.

All children are redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ, and the moment that children leave this world, they are taken to the bosom of Abraham.

The only difference between the old and young dying is, one lives longer in heaven and eternal light and glory than the other, and is freed a little sooner from this miserable wicked world.

Notwithstanding all this

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

glory, we for a moment lose sight of it, and mourn the loss, but we do not mourn as those without hope.

My intention was to have spoken on the subject of baptism, but having a case of death before us, I thought proper to refer to that subject.

I will now, however say a few words upon baptism, as I intended.

God has made certain decrees which are fixed and immovable; for instance,

God set the sun, the moon and the stars in the heavens, and gave them their laws, conditions and bounds, which they cannot pass, except by His commandments;

they all move in perfect harmony in their sphere and order, and are as lights, wonders, and signs unto us.

The sea also has its bounds which it cannot pass.

God has set many signs on the earth, as well as in the heavens;

for instance, the oak of the forest, the fruit of the tree, the herb of the field—all bear a sign that seed hath been planted there;

for it is a decree of the Lord that every tree, plant, and herb bearing seed should bring forth of its kind, and cannot come forth after any other law or principle.

Upon the same principle do I contend that baptism is a sign ordained of God, for the believer in Christ to take upon himself, in order to enter into the kingdom of God, "for except ye are born of water and of the

Spirit ye cannot enter the kingdom of God,"said the Savior.

It is a sign and a commandment which God has set for man to enter into His kingdom.

Those who seek to enter in any other way will seek in vain;

for God will not receive them, neither will the angels acknowledge their works as accepted, for they have not obeyed the ordinances, nor attended to the signs which God ordained for the salvation of man, to prepare him for, and give him a title to a celestial glory;

and God has decreed that all who will not obey His voice shall not escape the damnation of hell.

What is the damnation of hell?

To go with that society who have not obeyed His commands.

Baptism is a sign to God, to angels, and to heaven that we do the will of God; and there is no other way beneath the heaven whereby God hath ordained for man to come to Him to be saved, and enter into the kingdom of God, except faith in Jesus Christ, repentance, and baptism for the remission of sins, and any other course is in vain;

then you have the promise of the gift of the Holy Ghost.

What is the sign of the healing of the sick?

The laying on of hands is the sign or way marked out by James, and the custom of the ancient

Saints as ordered by the Lord, and we cannot obtain the blessing by pursuing any other course except the way marked out by the Lord. What if we should attempt to get the gift of the

Holy Ghost through any other means except the signs or way which God hath appointed—should we obtain it?

Certainly not;

all other means would fail.

The Lord says do so and so, and I will bless you.

There are certain key words and signs belonging to the Priesthood which must be observed in order to obtain the blessing.

The sign of Peter was to repent and be baptized for the remission of sins, with the promise of the gift of the Holy Ghost; and in no other way is the gift of the Holy Ghost obtained.

There is a difference between the Holy

Ghost and the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Cornelius received the Holy Ghost before he was baptized, which was the convincing power of God nnto him of the truth of the Gospel, but he could not receive the gift of the Holy Ghost until after he was baptized. Had he not taken this sign or ordinance upon him, the Holy

Ghost which convinced him of the truth of God, would have left him.

Until he obeyed these ordinances and received the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands, according to the order of God, he could not have healed the sick or commanded an evil spirit to come out of a man, and obey him;

for the spirits might say unto him, as they did to the sons of Sceva:

"Paul we know, and Jesus we know, but who are ye?"It mattereth not whether we live long or short on the earth after we come to the knowledge of these principles and obey them unto the end.

I know that all men will be damned if they do not come in

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

the way which He hath opened, and this is the way marked out by the word of the Lord.

As concerning the resurrection, I will merely say that all men will come from the grave as they lie down, whether old or young;

there will not be "added unto their stature one cubit,"neither taken from it;

all will be raised by the power of God, having spirit in their bodies, and not blood.

Children will be enthroned in the presence of God and the Lamb with bodies of the same stature that they had on earth, having been redeemed by the blood of the Lamb; they will there enjoy the fulness of that light, glory and intelligence, which is prepared in the celestial kingdom.

"Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, for they rest from their labors and their works do follow them."The speaker, before closing, called upon the assembly before him to humble themselves in faith before God, and in mighty prayer and fasting to call upon the name of the Lord, until the elements were purified over our heads, and the earth sanctified under our feet, that the inhabitants of this city may escape the power of disease and pestilence, and the destroyer that rideth upon the face of the earth, and that the Holy Spirit of God may rest upon this vast multitude.

At the close of the meeting, President

Smith said he should attend to the ordinance of baptism in the river, near his house, at two o'clock, and at the appointed hour, the bank of the Mississippi was lined with a multitude of people, and President Joseph Smith went into the river and baptized eighty persons, for the remission of their sins, and what added joy to the scene was, that the first person baptized was Mr. L. D. Wasson, a nephew of Mrs. Emma Smith—the first of her kindred that embraced the fulness of the Gospel.

At the close of this interesting scene, the administrator lifted up his hands towards heaven, and implored the blessing of God to rest upon the people; and truly the Spirit of God did rest upon the multitude, to the joy and consolation of our hearts.

After baptism, the congregation again repaired to the grove, near the Temple, to attend to the ordinance of confirmation, and, notwithstanding President Smith had spoken in the open air to the people, and stood in the water and baptized about eighty persons, about fifty of those baptized received their confirmation under his hands in the after part of the day.

While this was progressing, great numbers were baptized in the font.

After this, I baptized a large number in the font myself.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.*

By their fruits ye shall know them.

Do men gather grapes from thorns, or figs from thistles?

Jesus.

The writer of these articles was aware that he had undertaken no small task in attempting to treat, in a few brief pages, a subject, not only delicate in the extreme, but of great magnitude, and, to this generation, of vital importance.

We assumed the responsibility, however, *This series was first issued in Spanish, being published by the author, in pamphlet form, in the City of Mexico, June, 1881.

It will continue through the present volume.

with less reluctance, because of the eminent authorities at hand from which to make extracts, than otherwise we possibly could have done.

The subject itself, and the treatment of it, was suggested by a short article published in El Abogado Cristiano, a Mexican journal, in

February, 1881, wherein the message of President Hayes to the Congress of the United States was referred to by the Christian Methodist editor, with particular reference to that

ioo MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

portion regarding the "Mormon"citizens of the Territory of Utah.

Our editorial friend not only misrepresented the contents of the Presidential message, as we took the liberty of showing at the time through the columns of La Tribuna, but referred to plural marriage, or polygamy, as an "abominable practice,"and endeavored to make it appear that the President had declared it to be a "national dishonor,"which ought to be "blotted out without delay."

In the March issue of the same organ, the editor admitted, in an article entitled "The Mormons again,"a small part of the errors, or misrepresentations, made in the former article.

Had he frankly admitted the whole, as he reluctantly did a part, we would have received the concession with thanks, believing it to have emanated from a spirit of justice and a sense of right.

Because of the nature of his calling as a professed minister of Christ, in whom there is no guile, we had reason to hope he would do this.

However, as he chose, instead of repairing the wrong, to re-affirm his former position, by assuming personally that "Mormonism"is a "national dishonor,"we leave the responsibility where it belongs.

The reader, after having read these pages, will, without any suggestion from us, form his own conclusions.

Without referring further to the misstatements of these articles, we now come to the direct issue.

The statements of our opponent were, first, that polygamy, or having a plurality of wives, was an "abominable practice;"and, secondly, that "Mormonism"(doubtless because it includes in its doctrines patriarchal, or plural marriage) "is a national dishonor."

This is the position assumed by the editor of El Abogado Cristiano, and is that of most opponents of the Mormon system.

We cheerfully and unhesitatingly take the opposite, viz: that the practice of patriarchal marriage, or having a plurality of wives, among the Latter-day

Saints in Utah is neither an "abominable practice"nor a "national dishonor."Our tests are the laws of God, His moral code, and the "fruits"of polygamous marriages.

The assertion that they are so amounts to nothing whatever outside the immediate circle wherein the persons who make it move, or perhaps with parties over whom they wield a personal influence. We candidly admit that our denial stands upon a similar basis.

The extent to which an unproved assertion may safely be taken depends much upon the character of the person making it, particularly as to soundness of judgment, inaptness to jump at conclusions, lack of prejudice, and veracity.

Aside from these personal considerations, a truth is a truth, though spoken or written by a person who may previously have been known to have stooped to twist, garble or falsify other matters.

Coming from such a source, however, it would be likely to carry less conviction than when uttered or written by one whose integrity had never been impeached, and whose honor was above reproach.

Aside from these considerations, we live, thanks to the enlightening agencies of steam and electricity;

to the freedom of the pulpit and the press, in an age of reason, when assertions, unsupported by evidence, are not considered effective arguments, nor do they weigh heavily upon intelligent and reflecting minds.

Before entering fully into the details of our subject, we desire briefly to test, by the rules of logic, the only attempt which our editorial friend made at argument.

He said: "An immoral act or custom, although practiced as a religious duty, is not a sufficient excuse to those whose obligations are to guard the interests of society.

Pagan mothers along the banks of the Ganges threw their tender children to the alligators, being impressed by a religious belief and sentiment.

The same impulse caused the widow to cast herself upon the funeral pile of her dead husband.

But all the civilized world applauded the British Government when it interposed the law and power which abolished these atrocities.

Society has the same right to defend itself against polygamy."

Yes, the British Government did a commendable thing in enacting and enforcing laws for the abolishment of such horrid crimes within Her Majesty's do-

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

IOI minions.

Murder is a crime against which all nature cries out in abhorrence it is a crime against all humanity, civilized or savage;

but.it did not require human enactment to make it so it is, and always has been a crime of the deepest dye.

Its perpetration brought a curse upon Cain, when his brother's blood cried from the earth as a witness against him.

This first murderer knew, in every fibre of his nature, that he had committed, in depriving his brother of life, a most heinous crime;

and he knew it before God had passed sentence and inflicted upon him the curse.

Thus murder always has been and always will be a crime.

It is so because it destroys life, taking away by violence that which man cannot restore.

"But he who asserts that, because murder, under the plea of religious motives, or otherwise, cannot be permitted under the law, that plural marriage, though sanctioned by God as a religious ordinance, must therefore be prohibited or interfered with by the law;

or, because the burning of widows upon the funeral pyre cannot be permitted in the United

States, even though the victim might claim her religious right to make a sacrifice of herself, that two women shall not, therefore, be at liberty to marry one man according to the requirement of their religion, is surely a very illogical reasoner.

In the name of common sense, to say nothing about logical reasoning, what possible analogy can there be between the destruction of life, which God has forbidden, and marriage, which He has approved: between practices which extinguish life and an honorable and holy relation of the sexes which perpetuates it?"The practices prohibited in India by the British Government, if fully carried out, would blot man out of existence, desolate the world and convert the earth into a howling wilderness.

"But marriage,"as the Rev. Jeremy Taylor truly says, "is the mother of the world, and preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches and heaven itself."In view of these facts, men cannot, as intelligent beings upon whom the Creator has bestowed discriminating and reasoning faculties, say that, because society has the right to protect itself by the enactment and enforcement of laws against murder, it has the same right to enact and enforce laws to prohibit the patriarchal system of marriage, or punish those who practice it from a sense of religious duty.

Christians may advocate such ideas, and while doing so profess adoration of the God of Abraham, Jacob,

Moses, David and Solomon, and continue to cast reflections on the lineage of the Redeemer of the world, who declared himself to be the root and the offspring of David;

yet every honest believer in and supporter of the Bible can detect the insincerity which prompts the display of such illogical, heaven-defying absurdities.

Such logic will never do!

Better renounce openly, as they do covertly, belief in the doctrines of the Bible, and then we will meet them and compare the fruits of "Mormon "polygamy with those of Christian monogamy from a scientific or physiological standpoint.

For we have excellent reasons for believing that everything which God has ordained, approved, requested and blest is competent to stand, not only the test of logic, but that of science.

True science, recognizing the laws of moral and physical health, condemns lewdness and urges the punishment of vice; approves virtue and praises purity; but it does not confound as analogous the means of producing life and of causing death.

It was scientific statesmanship which prevented the English law-makers from criminalizing by enactment the Biblical doctrine of polygamy when they passed laws to abolish murder, on the banks of the Ganges.

That government had an excellent chance, when legislating for India, to place itself squarely, as these Christian opponents of the "Mormons "have done, in opposition to God.

But, unlike them, whatever its prejudices may have been, it did not do it.

The British Government did suppress the Suttee, but, at the same time, tolerated eighty-three millions of polygamists in India.

If our Christian friends desire to praise the statesmanship of our "transAtlantic cousin "regarding;

the treat-

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

ment of Indian affairs, let them be consistent and acknowledge, as it did, that the suppression of the Suttee and that of polygamy are two very different things.

If the British Government is to be our guide, let us wait until it suppresses the latter, as it did the former, before we talk about the "rights of society"to protect itself against a religious practice that never injured or had anything to do with that society.

The British Government left the doctrine of polygamy as practiced in India to be solved by the teachings and examples of the various Christian sects who might seek their conversion.

To show how they have managed the matter we quote the following extract from the decision of the Calcutta Missionary Society, composed of missionaries from the various orthodox sects of England and America:

"If a convert, before becoming a Christian, has married more wives than one, in accordance with the practice of the

Jewish and primitive Christian churches, he shall be permitted to keep all of them, but such a person is not eligible to any office in the church."The arguments these learned divines advanced in justification of this decision were very elaborate and conclusive, see "Answers to Ouesiions"by Prest. Geo.

A. Smith. The following is one of them:

"While this system of a plurality of wives was reverenced and observed, we read of no adultery, whoredom and common prostitution of women among the daughters of Israel;

no brothels, street walking, venereal disease;

no child murder, and those other appendages of female ruin, which are too horrid to particularize.

Nor were these things possible, which, since the revocation of the divine system and the establishment of human systems are becoming inevitable.

The supposing our blessed Savior came to destroy the divine law, or alter it with respect to marriage, is to suppose

Him laying a foundation for the misery and destruction of the weaker sex."

Moses Thatcher.

There is nothing by which life is more profited than by the just observations, the good opinion and the sincere and gentle encouragement of amiable and sensible women.

Ro?nilly.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

in.

The army for Utah began its march from Fort Leavenworth July 18, 1857.

The Tenth Infantry, numbering five hundred men, under the command of Col.

E. B. Alexander, was the first to start.

These were dispatched by General Harney, but on the 28th of August he was relieved of the command of the Utah expedition, and Colonel Albert S. Johnston appointed to succeed him.

By the 20th of September the entire force had taken the road, including the commander and the escort of the newly appointed governor, Col.

Cumming, and other civil officers.

It was expected by Col.

Johnston that he would overtake the advance, and by forced marches enter Salt

Lake City by October 20th.

And that the rear, with the Federal officials, would arrive by the middle of November.

These various officers started upon the overland journey with flying colors, buoyant spirits and sanguine expectations.

They never doubted but that their auspicious advent, overaweing presence and distinguished bearing among the barbarians of Utah would have the most salutary influence in civilizing and Americanizing the inhabitants.

They were a glorious band of reformers, sent out as examples of American citizenship, to teach the rebellious Mormons how to honor and support the great Government of the United States.

Of course, the troops but obeyed the instructions of the administration, and became to the people of Utah, before the campaign was over, objects of commiseration and pity,

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

rather than of apprehension or contempt.

While they were being mustered on the Missouri, and during the early days of their march, the people of our peacerul Territory were quietly enjoying themselves, secure in the consciousness of serving the Lord and developing a virgin country of untold wealth that He had given them for an inheritance, where they could build themselves homes, rear their children in the paths of truth and virtue, beyond the contaminations of the sins and corruptions of the outside world.

There has not been, since the ancient Nephites occupied this choice land, a happier or purer people than then dwelt in Utah.

Confidence in each other prevailed to an unlimited extent.

Virtue was regarded so sacredly, that in all the towns of the Territory none of questionable character could be pointed out.

The sobriety, honesty and good conduct of all classes of the community was such, that bolts and locks to the doors of private and public houses were not required nor often used.

Ladies were so secure from the glare of the libertine that they walked the streets of our cities at all hours of the day or night, without fear of insult or molestation.

The patriotism of the people was being continually expressed in their celebrations of the national holiday, and in their courteous treatment of all officers of the Government, whose self-respect elicited the admiration of honest men, or justified them in extending the freedom of fellowship.

Occasionaly rumors of the great excitement in the States, raised by the false charges of the atrocious Drummond, were brought to the people, but they were ignorant of the hostile movements of the Government against them.

Governor Young had occupied the gubernatorial chair for nearly eight years, giving infinite satisfaction to the people and the authorities at Washington.

The affairs of the Territory, of every description, were in a most healthy and prosperous condition.

Abundant harvests gladdened the hearts of the husbandmen, and the liveliest sense of gratitude to the Giver of all good, swelled the breasts of the whole people.

As an expression of this feeling, a grand, characteristic celebration, of the tenth anniversary of the arrival of the

Pioneers in the valley, was arranged to come off at the head waters of the Big Cottonwood.

We reproduce the official account of this historic occasion, as published in the Deseret News'.

THE TWENTY-FOURTH OF JULY IN THE TOPS OF THE MOUNTAINS.

On Wednesday, the 22d inst., numerous teams could be seen wending their way by the different routes to the mouth of Big Cottonwood Canon, the company being privileged to camp for that night at any point below the gate in the canon.

On the 23d, Prest. Brigham Young led the van of the long line of carriages and wagons, which easily passed up the now comparatively smooth ascent, made so at great expense by the Big Cottonwood Lumber Company, and began to reach the camp ground at the lake at about 11 a.m.

By good time in the afternoon all the company, numbering two thousand five hundred and eighty-seven persons, with four hundred and sixty four carriages and wagons, one thousand and twenty-eight horses and mules, and three hundred and thirty-two oxen and cows, were encamped and busily engaged in their several arrangements for the morrow.

Captain Ballo's band, the Nauvoo brass band, the Springville brass band, the Ogden City brass band, and the Great Salt Lake City and the Ogden City martial bands were in attendance also the first company of light artillery, under the command of Adjt.-Gen. James

Ferguson, a detachment of four platoons of Life Guards, and one platoon of the

Lancers, under the command of Col. R.

T.

Burton, and one company of Light Infantry, under the command of Capt.

John W.

Young.

Col.

J.

C.

Little, Marshal of the day.

At 4 p. m. the Martial bands serenaded the camp.

At sunset notes from a bugle summoned the Saints to an eminence near the centre of the camp ground, when President Brigham Young made a

io4 THE ECHO CANON WAR.

few remarks, recounting the mercies of God to this people, in delivering them from the power of their enemies, in making the desert places blossom like the rose and the sterile plains yield luscious fruits and golden grain, in loading the leaves of the trees and shrubbery with honey dew, and in increasing our flocks and herds in a marvelous manner.

After Prest. Young had concluded his remarks,

Prest. H. C. Kimball offered a prayer of thanksgiving unto God for His goodness to this people; prayed for Israel and Israel's enemies, and renewedly dedicated and consecrated unto God, the ground, the waters, the timber, the rocks and all the elements pertaining to the stream upon whose head waters we were assembled, to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the entrance of the pioneers into these valleys.

Three spacious boweries, with plank floors, had been provided by the

B. C.

Lumber Company, and a large number passed the evening in the joyous dance.

July 24th every one began to enjoy the privileges of the occasion as best suited their several tastes and feelings, in accordance with the order of the day, giving liberty to all to do as they pleased, occupying their time and opportunities in a manner the most conducive to the greatest amount of happiness and comfort.

The different bands played at intervals throughout the day, and greatly added to the zest of the varied sources of enjoyment.

At morning assembly the choir sang, "On the mountain tops appearing."Prayer by Elder Geo. A. Smith.

Prest.

Kimball gave a few instructions for the government of the company in their exercises during the day, and Prest. Wells said that on account of the large number of people, Prest. Young wished them to attend to prayers at their several tents.

The stars and stripes were unfurled on two of the highest peaks in sight of the camp, and on the tops of two of the tallest trees.

At twenty minutes past nine a. m., three rounds were fired from a brass howitzer, for the First Presidency of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and our rights and independence.

At fifteen minutes past ten a. m.

three rounds were fired for the "Hope of Israel."

Captain John W. Young's company of Light Infantry were paraded, and elicited admiration and astonishment from all beholders.

This company numbers fifty boys, ranging from ten to twelve years of age, and was furnished with tasteful uniforms by Governor Young, and truly they are the "Hope of Israel."

At about noon, Bishop A. O. Smoot, Elders Judson Stoddard and O. P. Rockwell and Judge E. Smith rode into camp, the two former from the States in twenty days.

At about sunset the camp assembled for prayers, when President Wells made a few remarks in relation to the latest tidings from the States, upon the order of leaving the ground in the morning, and concluded with prayer.

Songs by Brothers Poulter, Dunbar, McAllister and Maiben commenced the evening's exercises, after which dancing and general hilarity continued to a late hour.

On the morning of the 25th the company began to vacate the ground at daybreak, every one apparently highly gratified with the privilege they had been so blessed in enjoying.

G. D. Watt, Reporter.

The news which the brethren above named brought from the States was that the mails for Utah were refused them at Leavenworth; that intense excitement existed in the States on the Mormon question;

the reports of the ex-officials of Utah were being spread abroad and commented upon in every paper,and the probability of the Government sending an armed force to quell the Mormons had about become a certainty.

In army circles it was understood that General Harney would be assigned the command.

The entertainment planned for the occasion was scarcely interrupted by this news, brought so rapidly from the frontiers, and received on this ever memorable Twenty-fourth.

The writer, then but three years of age, remembers the pause in the exercises, and seeing General Wells step forward and address the people.

The incident made the first indeli-

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

ble impression upon his memory.

The tenor of that gentleman's remarks may be readily imagined by those who know him.

Though at the conclusion of his speech the cry was, "On with the dance, let joy be unconfined,"the address was one of historical significance.

It expressed in unmistakable terms the just indignation that all felt.

It outlined the policy of our people under the trying ordeal before them.

It declared, and the everlasting hills heard and re-echoed the cry, that we are the people of God, and

He hath made us a free people.

We will maintain our freedom.

No enemy in any guise shall enter the peaceful vales that we have secured for our inheritance, and shackle us in the bonds of slavery, or corrupt our homes with the abominations of Babylon.

While intense feeling existed in the breasts of all at the insult we had received, the philosophic faith of the people enabled them to throw off any apprehension of danger that otherwise would have rested upon them.

So far from succumbing to the promptings of fear, the liveliest spirit of indifference prevailed.

The extreme folly of sending an army to subdue a people guilty of no crime, was so apparent to those conscious of the purity of their lives and the favor of God, that not to indulge in hilarity would have plunged them into depths of sorrow, pitying the poor,blind administration that disgraced our loved and honored country.

Relief from such feelings was found in the dance, the singing and rhyming, the patriotic toasts, and in the general sport liberally provided.

The following extract from lines and chorus hastily composed and sung by Brother Poulter, were taken up and sung by the multitude, to the tune of "Camptown Races,"and for years after were a favorite among camp-fire rhymes:

"Squaw-killer Harney's on the way,

Doo-da, doo-da, The Mormon people for to slay, Doo-da, doo-da day.

"Then let us be on hand, By Brigham Young to stand, And if our enemies do appear, We'll sweep them from the land."

Vaux.

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

11.

A short time ago we came across the following objection:

"The Book of Mormon, claiming to have been written without a knowledge of the New Testament, and much of it before the New Testament was written, repeatedly quoted from the New Testament.

In the Book of Ether, purporting to have been written many centuries before the first advent, and to have been translated and transcribed by Moroni, we read concerning 'the Scriptures which saith, there are they who were first, who shall be last; and there are they who were last who shall be first.'

Mark this point;

this is the most ancient record spoken of in the Book of Mormon on this continent, preceding the writings of Lehi and Nephi; and as Ether's people came from the tower of Babel, and could have brought with them no

Scriptures of later date, from the other continent, and as none of the Old Testament Scriptures were then written, what

Scriptures can here be referred to but those in the New Testament, where we find similar language?

'The Scriptures which saith'can be found nowhere else.

In Luke xiii, 30, we read:

'There are last that shall be first, and there are first that shall be last;'and in Matthew xix, 30.

'Many that are first shall be last, and many that are last shall be first.'

If we were only writing a statement similar to

Christ's, it would be different from an affirmation that it was said in Scripture, even before the Old Testament was written, or at least before

Ether knew of its having been written, he being a descendant of those who emigrated to this continent at the confounding of Ian-

io6 OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

guage, before the Old Testament was written."

The whole of this objection is based on a falsehood.

The objector claims that the Book of Ether as it is given us in the sacred writings of the Nephites "is the most ancient record spoken of in the Book of Mormon,"and on this supposition he bases his absurd arguments.

He confounds the Book of Ether in the

Book of Mormon with the orignal record on the twenty-four plates found by the people of Limhi, from which it was abridged by Moroni, which plates were known to the Nephites as the Book of Ether.

But Moroni and not Ether was the author of the Book of Ether contained in the Book of Mormon.

The proofs of this are most positive. The book itself commences with the words "And now I Moroni,* proceed to give an account of these ancient inhabitants,"etc.

The second verse opens with "And I take mine account from the twenty and four plates."The opening sentences of the third, fourth, fifth and sixth verses are respectively:

"And as / suppose that the first part of this record.""Therefore do not write those things.""But behold / do not give the full account, but a part of the account / give, from the tower down, until they were destroyed.""And on this wise do I give the account."Again, the fifth, sixth and ninth and thirtheenth chapters each commence with a statement which shows that the writing were Moroni's and not Ether's.

Each in its order, the opening clauses are as follows:

"And now I, Moroni, have written the words which were commanded me.""And now I, Moroni, proceed to give the record of Jared and his brother.""And now I, Moroni, proceed with my record."* The expression "I, Moroni,"occurs eleven times in the Book of Ether, but "I, Ether,"never.

He is always referred to in the third person.

"And now I, Moroni, proceed to finish my record."Thus, time after time, Moroni, the last of the Nephite prophets, calls the Book of Ether "my record."It was not a transcript, or translation, but a very short abridgement of the twenty-four plates found by the subjects of the Nephite king Limhi in which Moroni has inserted many original remarks of his own, interpolations, explanatory notes and prophecies.

After he had finished his abridgement, he commences his own record (the Book of Moroni) with the remark "Now I, Moroni, after having made an end of abridging the account of the people of Jared,"etc.

Nor is Moroni's account of the people of Jared a literal translation of the twenty-four plates.

It is a very short abridgement in his own words.

As already quoted, he expressly states "I do not give a full account, but a part of the account I give,"(Ether i, 5) and still more emphatically does he declare at the close of his abridgement "And the hundredth part I have not written,"(Ether xv, 23) and yet again "And now, as I, Moroni, said, I would not make a full account of these things,"etc.

The simple fact is that Moroni's abridgement is no more the original Book of Ether as written on the twenty-four plates, than is any historical discourse on the Jaredites delivered by Elder Orson Pratt or other servants of God living in this generation.

The difference is that one is the work of the fourth or fifth century and the other of the nineteenth.

Thus all arguments based on the great antiquity of the Book of Ether fall to the ground, as would reasonings in the same direction on the antiquity of Farrar's "Life of Christ"because it is based upon the writings of the four Evangelists.

Moroni's work is simply a comparatively modern abridgement of a very ancient record.

The objector above quoted untruthfully asserts that the original Book of Ether was "translated and transcribed by Moroni."We have already shown, according to his own account, that he did not transcribe it, but only gave so

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

short a synopsis or abridgement that he did not write one hundredth part of the original record.

It is also incorrect that he translated it.

The twenty-four plates containing the record of the Jaredites were translated by M.osiah, king of the Nephites, some five hundred years before Moroni made his abridgement.

For proof of this read the twenty-eighth chapter of Mosiah, from the tenth verse to the end.

The "Book of Ether"having thus been written by Moroni, he had at his command from which to quote when he wrote it, all the Scriptures brought from Jerusalem by Lehi, and all the writings of the inspired servants of God amongst the Nephites and Lamanites, as well as the twenty-four plates of Ether.

And as we have no detailed statement of all the Scriptures brought from Jerusalem, nor a tithe of the writings of the ancient

Nephite Priesthood, we must be presumptuous, indeed, to assert that he had no such scriptures in his possession, and that the quotation must be stolen from the New Testament.

Who can say that this quotation was not in the Book of Enoch, or of Josher, mentioned in the Bible, or in the the Books of Neum, Zenos or Zenock quoted in the Book of Mormon, or indeed that it could not be found in the writings of Alma or some other Nephite prophet?

No one.

To accuse a writer of forgery or falsehood because we have not the work from which he quotes is no argument at all, when it is positively known that many books are lost at this late day from which he could in his time have quoted.

Numbers of the sayings of the New Testament writers supposed by the world to be original, are quotations from the ancient Hebrew prophets.

For instance the saying of the Savior that "Abraham saw his day and was glad,"John viii, 56, refers to a parallel passage in the Book of

Genesis as originally written, and restored to us by the Prophet Joseph Smith, so also is Paul's disquisition on the Melchizedec Priesthood, found in the seventh chapter of Hebrews.

This is also a quotation from the original writings of Moses as they appeared in the Book of Genesis when it existed in its entirety.

There is nothing extraordinary in the supposition that men inspired by the same spirit should write the same truths and frequently in almost the same language, for the reason that the language they use is the most appropriate to the subject and best expresses the idea.

Especially is this the case with men inspired by the Holy Spirit of God;

that spirit produces a oneness, and the more marked will be that oneness the more of that spirit men possess.

Then it must not be wondered at if men dwelling in remotely distant lands, or at widely separated eras of the world's history, treat upon the same doctrine in very much the same manner.

For instance we cite the teachings of Paul and Mormon on Charity;

but in which, in our opinion, the Nephite disciple has the advantage in some expressions and detail.

It is not to be expected that as great a gospel truth as that the first shall be last and the last first would not have been referred to by some inspired writer before Christ's day.

The improbability is altogether on the other side.

But even admitting that this disputed quotation appeared in the original writings of Ether, what then?

Had he not the Scriptures of the Antideluvian Patriarchs—the

Book of Enoch and other sacred writings?

If not, from whence did he get his account of the history of the- world from the creation to the building of the Tower of Babel, which Moroni altogether passes over in his abridgement?

If he did not get his facts from early scriptures in his possession he received them by divine revelation, as did Moses.

In either case it is impossible for any man to say this quotation does not appear.

Again there were many great prophets among the Jaredites.

What about their teachings and writings?

Ether was acquainted with them for they are frequently spoken of.

Why should we fancy that not one of them ever gave expression to the truth?

We have no valid reasons for such a supposition.

But to finish the matter, and show how entirely untruthful is the

io8 THE BRAHMANS OF INDIA.

assertion that his quotation can only be found in the New Testament we make the following extract from the parable of

Zenos as recorded in the Book of Jacob.

"Graft in the branches, begin at the last that they may be first, and that the first may be last, and dig about the trees, both old and young, the first and the last, and the last and the first, that all may be nourished once again for the last time."(Jacob v, 63.) Or if that language is not sufficiently pointed we will turn to the words of the angel recorded in the writings of Nephi, when he says, "Then He Jesus shall manifest himself unto the Gentiles and also unto the Jews, and the last shall be first, and the first shall be last"(1 Nephi xiii, 42), surely the words of an angel are Scripture.

Geo. Reynolds.

If you would be happy, be virtuous.

THE BRAHMANS OF INDIA.

The Brahmans, as a class, are much venerated by the inferior castes;

inasmuch as it is a part of their calling to direct all other classes in their religious exercises, which occupy the greater portion of their time.

There is scarcely an hour during the day, nor a function of nature, but what has its complicated ceremonies, that requires the guidance of the priest who is highly learned in the

Vedas.

The Brahminical noviciate for sacerdotal orders, takes up his abode in the house of his preceptor, or guri.

The disciple may spend the whole of his life time as a pupil, and by doing so will receive the highest rewards.

It requires from nine to thirty-six years to thoroughly master the three Vedas.

During this period the pupil has to wait on his guri, and his wife and sons, if he has any. His condition is more like our European apprentice than a pupil at college.

The scholar is loaded with a ludicrous ritual, that nearly occupies his whole time.

The main object is to bring all the members of his body in subjection, to increase his devotional desires.

According to the laws of Menu, he must purify himself by bathing several times each day, after which it is his duty to offer fresh water to the gods, the manes and sages, and show respect to the images of the deities.

He must continually sleep alone, and do no injury to any animated being.

He is not allowed to eat flesh meat, nor use black powder for his eyes, nor wear sandals, nor carry an umbrella.

He must abstain from dancing, from vocal and instrumental music, from wrath, from covetousness, from gaming and disputes.

He must carry water pots, cow-dung, cusa (sacred) grass, and flowers, such as may be required by his preceptor.

When his time is not occupied by the performance of his multitudinous precepts, he is expected to study the Vedas.

He must not be asleep when the sun rises or sets.

A Brahman, says the Institutes of Menu, must keep his hair, nails and beard clipped, must subdue his passions; have his mantle white, his body pure.

Let him carry a staff of Venue, a ewer with water in it, a handful of cusa grass, or a copy of the Veda, with a pair of bright golden earrings in his ears.

He must not gaze on the sun whether rising or setting, or eclipsed, or reflected in the water, or advanced in the middle of the sky.

He must not step over a string, to which a calf is tied, nor run while it rains, nor look on his own image in the water.

He must pass the following with his right hand toward them:

By a mound of earth, by a cow, by an idol, by a Brahman, by a pot of clarified butter or of honey.

By a place where four roads meet, and by large trees well known in the district.

He must not eat with his wife, nor look at her eating;

nor sneezing, nor yawning, nor sitting carelessly at her ease.

These precepts must be carefully observed or their standing would be imperiled.

The Brahmans have several avenues open to them whereby they can obtain

ERAS OF THE CHURCH.

[09 a living.

It is lawful for them to glean and gather, also what is given them without asking, and what they can obtain by asking;

also when distressed they can cultivate the earth, traffic and loan money, and apply themselves to the profession of the Kshatriya and Vaisya, but never descend to that of the Sudra.

They look upon service for hire, as a dog's life; which they must avoid.

They as a body, are celebrated beggars, and from this source they derive much revenue.

They are also the recipients of gifts which they receive from the poor as well as the rich.

No one is expected to sacrifice, unless he bestows presents upon them with a liberal hand.

The king is under obligations to protect the Brahman, under all circumstances.

By doing so, the priest has power to greatly increase his virtue.

Menu states, "of that King in whose dominions a learned

Brahman is afflicted with hunger, the whole kingdom will in a short time, be afflicted with famine."Prior to English supremacy in Hindoostan, the country was more or less distracted through intrigue and misrule, which were the origin of frequent sanguinary revolutions. During these struggles, many of the rich were in the habit of concealing their treasures.

If a Brahman was the discoverer of the secreted wealth, he keeps the whole.

If the Kshatriyas or Vaisyas be the finders a part goes to the magistrate, but if a Sudra, he only retains two twelfths.

The Brahmans are honored and respected in every condition.

I will here state, many of the roads or paths in India are narrow, and the gentoo code sets forth a certain formula governing travelers, who should step aside, when they meet in narrow paths.

The man that can see, gives way to a blind man, one that can hear to he that is deaf;

a man to a woman;

a man without a load to him that has"a burden;

an inferior person to a superior; a man who is in health to him that is sick, and all persons must give the road to a Brahman.

He from his primogenitureship and eminence of birth, having sprung from the superior part of deity, viz. his mouth, has, from his standpoint, an undisputed right, to all the wealth of the universe, in form, if not in effect.

His privileges are immensely superior to his fellow citizens.

For instance, in the scale of punishments for violation of law, if a Brahman be the offender, he is mildly dealt with, while others of an inferior caste, and more especially a Sudra, for a similar offense, would receive a cruel and sanguinary punishment.

Neither the life nor property of a Brahman is to be jeopordized, even, if adjudged guilty of the most palpable offenses against the law.

One of the ordinances of Menu states:

"Neither shall the King slay a Brahman though convicted of all possible crimes.

Let him banish the offender from his realm but with all his property secure, and his body unhurt.

William Foth eringlia?n.

Many pant for the prize, but will not run in the race.

ERAS OF THE CHURCH.

The first era of this Church was a spiritual one mighty forces of this character were at work all through Christendom preparing for the enunciation of the Gospel;

by dreams and visions, by quickened spiritual preception, and in minds particularly sensitive there was a general anticipation in the religious world of approaching change.

The proclamation of the Elders was every where seconded by the "signs following the believers,"and the spirit of gathering sprung up at the bidding of inspirational energy as the tender grass after the warm showers of early spring.

Once established, temporal direction and salvation became as absolute a need, as was revelation in regard to the first principles of spiritual intercouse, for spiritual sustenance and growth.

After much

no ERAS OF THE CHURCH.

travail and persecution, continued yet inevitable collision precipitated "the exodus";

the massacre of the Prophets was a sign that there had been "war in heaven"so also was there now "war on earth"not a war of canister and grape, of howitzer and cannon, but a war of spiritual forces more decided and destined to greater conclusions, than any in the history of the earth.

The final exodus and resettlement of the people made the temporal question most absorbing, to open farms, plant orchards, build homes, establish towns, cities and industries, lay the foundations and supply organization for their extension and protect those who were fleeing "as doves to the window,"involved not only a vast a- mount of temporal labor, but it also controlled a good share of the force which, in earlier history had run into a more spiritual groove.

It is not to be assumed, however, that this involved a suspension of spiritual intercourse, mayhap this became more general and nearer universal although exhibited in directions which appeared more earthly in their character.

Nevertheless as the spiritual era was prophetic of the temporal, so are the two combined and continuous, prophetic of the intellectual era which must of necessity yet characterize the Church;

in fact its dawning came in the beginning, but it as had a more lengthened twilight, and even now there is barely, in the glow of the morning sun of advancing intelligence, but a faint conception of what the day will surely bring.

It was a great struggle to break the traditions of ages;

it was beyond human power to sweep away the darkness which centuries had near solidified between humanity and the source of light and life.

It was a great thing to lay "a foundation in the desert,"for the temporal salvation of the gathering hosts, and to anticipate and provide for the marvellous fecundity of the owned of God.

But there is yet a greater struggle for us and ours, and that is to grasp the sceptre of intellectual supremacy and finally outvie the world in that, as we have already done in the temporal and spiritual regions of human interest and enduring existence.

Yet there are already "signs;"and he who runs may read this in the increase of intellectual activity among our youth, the intense hunger and thirst for knowledge, the exhibition of mental force in both sexes, and the almost universal organization in order to meet the emergencies of the time.

Other religious organizations have had their developement in this direction;

having a paid ministry, an educated class of sectarian culture and calibre, the product of schools and colleges, what wonder that they have multiplied books and formed libraries, and created tomes of concordance and commentary, of theology and divinity, of songs and psalm.

Churches humble in origin have become fashionable and wealthy, education and culture, talent and ambition, enthusiasm and religious fervor have rallied to each standard;

"Book concerns"and publishing houses have been created and sustained, the clergy have had leisure and opportunity which together have helped the grand result.

In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints no such conditions, no such fostering human care has been demanded and exhausted; our Apostles, and Elders and Bishops, have had to earn their living by "by the sweat of their brows,"meanwhile there has been a steady accretion of material, which will in the not far distance future be utilized for the intellectual gratification and stimulus of the youth of this, and adjoining Territories of the Latter-day Saints.

There is a new generation in existence since we began to hoard our treasures of History, Biography, Travel, Miracle, Theology and Song.

The deposits to be found in the Times and Seasons the Millennial Star, the Journal of Discourses, files of the

Deserct News, in the Juvenile, the Contributor, in private journals, and unwritten testimony and experience, are all so many mines waiting to be worked, and have their hidden treasure stamped and circulated to give a marvellous impetus to the mental commerce of a little world!

It was well said in the last number of the Contrib-

WINTER PLEASURES.

in UTOR that it was now difficult to find a continuous readable History of the Church, or of the lives of the Apostles but we have had plans and schemes for supplying this need, yet each deferred in turn for other calls, until five years, at the headquarters of the Church in Europe, a "Book of Mormon"could not be had '"for love or money,"and at the present time, notwithstanding the fact that hundreds of missionaries annually go from Zion to the nations, and many thousands of our youth meet in "Sabbath schools,"in "Theological classes"and in "Mutual Improvement Societies,''that invaluable aid to every student of the principles of the Gospel, called a "Compendium,"has been many, many years out of print.

Twenty-five years ago it was in contemplation by the officers of the "Central Polysophical Society"to begin the creation of a "Home library"by issuing a quarterly volume of the best productions of its members, and also by selecting from the contributions of auxiliary societies all through the Territory that which was most worthy of reproduction;

had this been adopted and continued, there would ere now have been a good foundation laid, but "the move south,"the changes consequent thereon, and other and probably more pressing labors have deferred the matter until now.

However while the need has increased the resources have increased also, and there appears to be no good reason why we should not now have a good and popular History of the Church, and a good and reliable history of the Prophet, and of the past and leading men of Israel; no reason why we should not have a reproduction of the "Compendium"for use among our young students no reason why there should not be every month, one volume at least, issued from the Church press, of doctrine, biography, travel or testimony, suited to meet a large variety of taste.

These, with hymn books, poetry, sermons (revised) and current literature, such as the Contributor the Juvenile Instructor, the Exponent, ahd the newspapers should have full swing to work in unison and with persistent energy, to advance the mental and intellectual status of the people, that knowledge may speedily "cover the earth as the waters cover the face of the great deep!"When all the spiritual, temporal, and intellectual functions, faculties and powers of the "best people on the earth,"are thus directed by the authority and Priesthood of God, as to "bring again Zion"and establish His Kingdom;

it will be known that this trinity, conjointly, circumscribes mankind;

that it is simply a reflex of the mighty, the continuous, the unchangeable, and eternal Jehovah in his word and works!

H. W. Naisbitt.

WINTER PLEASURES.

Another New Year!

How auspicious its dawn!

Prosperity and peace are in the habitations of the Saints.

It is a time for happy greetings;

the interchange of kindly feelings between relations and friends.

It is also a fitting time to bestow material favors upon the needy.

King Winter has shown his most magnificent gray and frosty beard and wrapped his flowing, snowy robes around the summits of the lofty hills, and the heavy garment reaches far down over the beautiful valley. Now is the season for recreation and winter enjoyment, the respite from outdoor labor; and the merry jingle of the sleigh-bells keep rapturous time to the music of glad young hearts.

Young men and maidens view this time of leisure and social intercourse as most enjoyable, and most propitious in promoting matrimonial engagements.

"Learn to win a lady's faith Nobly as the thing is high;

Bravely, as for life and death,

With a loyal gravity.

Lead her from the festive boards, Point her to the starry skies;

WINTER PLEASURES.

Guard her hy your truthful words,

Pure from courtship's flatteries."One revels not so much in thoughts of nature as in fireside pleasures.

The home, the hearthstone, the bright cheeryfire;

these are appeciated now.

The warm cosy corner and comfortable easy chair are the luxuries sought after and indulged in most.

The bright, heavy curtains fall gracefully over the frosted windows;

yes, frost work on the glass, what skill can equal it?

Imitate it as the artist may, he can never compete with the Great Master in this classical legendary picturemaking.

"As by some genii's quaint device.''

The glowing fire on the clean swept hearthstone, which throws over all objects in the room a luxurious warmth, is specially inviting, and almost without being aware of the inclination, one sinks into a profound reverie, where lights and shadows blend into fantastical pictures and the imagination revels fancyfree in the realms of waking dreamland.

"Well may dreams present us fictions,

Since our waking moments turn With such fanciful convictions

As make life itself a dream."These hours of momentary rest from active labor by the winter firesides are a sort of peaceful relief to mind and body, and give opportunity to recuperate after the long protracted toil of the more laborious months.

There is a little time for the renewal of old friendships and agreeable associations, which strengthen the affections and make life more desirable to all.

Such reunions and awakening of latent feeling in the human breast, bring into exercise those attributes of the soul that help to make us more like Him, who said "Do unto others as ye would that they should do unto you."We all like attention and courtesy from others, though we maybe neglectful in rendering it.

Yet methinks, we should take time to be loving and gentle, and respectful and sociable, for after all we make people better if we make them happy.

Times of festivity, jollity and innocent mirth are good for us all.

We are all one great family and it seems essential for us to become well acquainted with each other.

In mingling together socially, we usually see people in their best light, it brings out the finest expressions of the individual's real self.

Business and the cares of life, which ofttimes press heavily upon the mind, making one appear to great disadvantage, are momentarily cast aside and scope is given to the higher impulses which beautify the soul, and possess a greater charm than wealth or any of its material pleasures or advantages.

Life is only short at least, and while it is our duty to provide for our temporal wants, it is not good, or beneficial to stifle the affections, the kindly feelings of the human heart, which are more truly elevating in their character than the wealth of the Indies.

We talk a great deal about cultivation, about excellence of attainments in these days, but the culture which refines most is that which touches the heart;

and those attainments are most excellent and most desirable, which inspire us with courage to perform life's duties acceptably, and these include, in a great degree love for all mankind, and many courtesies to and much charity for our fellow beings. Those who associate largely with their fellow-men are the highest type of character, possess the greatest magnanimity, are more ready to forgive a wrong and have fewer rough edges or sharp corners that need toning down and modifying.

Consequently such men and women are the ones; who are most attractive to those whose perceptions are not dulled or blunted by evil.

I believe that our Father in heaven is pleased when we come together in social entertainments, where there is order and harmony.

All our relations with each other as a people should be characterized by purity of purpose and a desire to benefit and bless others as well as ourselves and in doing this we are entitled to the blessings of God upon our efforts.

The pleasures of the winter.season are of such a nature that some ate very apt to indulge to excess and then they pall upon our senses and we are ready to declare them all vanity.

Dancing is one of the pastimes that is great/y

RAPHAEL THE PAINTER.

"3 abused;

in moderation it is good and tends to grace and ease of manner which is an accomplishment, that adds much to the deportment, and is certainly desirable; the music of the ball-room and the motion of the dancing is, more especially to the young, like enchantment.

It bewilders and dazzles them, consequently if left to themselves, they frequently ruin their health by over indulgence; and yet a little amusement of this nature is healthful and beautiful.

To enumerate all the amusements adapted to the winter season would be impossible, but suffice to say, there is an abundance for old and young, and we should not neglect a reasonable amount of pleasurable enjoyment, for it is invigorating in its physical tendency, and in its moral tone, elevating.

The great difficulty is to exercise discretion in these matters and keep within proper bounds.

We are so apt to overdo things that we like, to the neglect of mightier matters that are not so pleasant in their nature.

But this is the season to enjoy the song, and the dance, the fireside winter tales, music and conversation, those charms that give such zest to home-life, and that are such potent influences in renovating society when rightly applied.

Our young people have the most advantageous opportunities at the present time to improve, yes, to excel in those things that make homes delightful and their society everywhere attractive and entertaining.

Reading is one of the pleasures of winter we should not forget to class among its enjoyments.

And a careful selection of books or papers is an essential matter. After reading, converse together in the home, at the table or the fireside upon the subjects and you will find it a fruitful source of pleasure,- and a great improvement of one's conversational powers.

I have a picture in my mind of a large family, seated around an open fire-place, in a very unpretentious living room, the table loaded with nuts and apples, a few books with homely well worn binding, plainly showing they had been often used;

some old-style musical instruments were there, the young people are now singing, old-fashioned simple ballads to amuse father and mother; there was no blaze of chandeliers, only the glimmering fitful light of the pine-knots, which always bring out such wierd shadows and remind one of Macbeth's witches.

By and by when the trilling of the fresh young voices died out, then the young folks said, now its your turn father or mother, tell us a story of when you were young, how was it you fell in love, for it must be a love story, mind, and the simple but truthful story was told by the winter fireside as effectively as if it had been presented on the stage in a melo-drama.

Amethyst.

RAPHAEL THE PAINTER.

In the year on Good Friday, 'Raffaele Sanzio d'Urbino'was borm in a little mountain village near Perugia,

Italy.

His father was a painter and the child was gifted with the same talent, manifested in his earliest years by a fondness of colors, his little hands sought no other toys but the brushes and paints of his father's studio.

As he grew older the natural love he exhibited for the canvas and his instinctive ability to draw and harmonize colors gave such evidence of genius, that he was soon placed under the tutelage of the great Perugino, then among the most celebrated of Italian artists.

This master was charmed with the talent of his pupil and gladly gave him all the advantages of a seat in his studio, predicting for him that the future should know him for the merit of his works, and that his name would be celebrated in the world.

A prophecy fulfilled beyond the master's expectation!

By the time Raphael was seventeen years of age his paintings were considered to equal, and many of them to excel those of Perugino, which of course gave him considerable reputation and

ii4 RAPHAEL THE PAINTER.

led to his employment, soon after, upon the frescoes of the Cathedral of Sienna, which he executed in so masterly a manner that they are viewed to this day by thousands of visitors, and esteemed as unexcelled, by artists of less distinction.

In the year 1504, Raphael was attracted by the fame of the great sculptor, architect and painter, Michael Angelo and the renown of Da Vinci to the city of Florence.

In that beautiful capital those artists were engaged in decorating the churches, hanging the walls of the princes'palaces and filling the niches of the public galleries with such works of loveliness and fidelity as to charm generations of people, and secure for their authors what is generally called immortal fame.

Raphael was delighted with these artists and during the years he remained in Florence profited by the study of their works and the wonderful art collection which, even at that early period, distinguished the lovely city of the Arno.

He not only studied hard while there, but not long after his arrival his works began to attract attention and, notwithstanding the reputation of his rivals, they were soon sought for by the leading connoiseurs, orders from the wealthiest citizens for portraits and other paintings soon flowed to his studio, and as they were filled satisfactorily, gained for him a great name and reputation.

Leaving Florence he went to Rome, under a summons from Bramante, the celebrated architect, to assist in decorating the walls of the Vatican palace, the residence of the Pope.

His success in this great undertaking was so complete that his fame became national.

He was overwhelmed with orders from the princes and nobility of Italy to decorate their palaces.

Designs of his execution were eagerly sought after and enormous prices were gladly paid by those fortunate enough to procure them.

While at the Vatican, Raphael executed some of his most wonderful Scriptural and historical paintings.

His school was large, and these famous works that have an ever enduring fame and an intrinsic value beyond the revenue of kingdoms, were gradually wrought upon the canvas or walls of the palatial apartments under his immediate direction, while in parts, notably the faces, his own hand was employed.

Here the great painter finished his last and greatest conception, "The Transfiguration,"a painting on which he seems to have spent all the beauty of thought and touch of which he was capable.

It was completed just before his death, which occurred in the year 1520 in the thirty-eighth year of his age.

His early death caused universal sorrow;

his body lay in state in the studio where he had worked constantly for so many years.

At his head they placed the picture of "The Transfiguration"as being the most beautiful of his works.

All the great and noble of the city of Rome attended his funeral and the remains were placed in the Pantheon, where a plain tomb and mural monument was erected containing a suitable inscription.

It is one of the sights of Rome, that all modern tourists go to see.

While the large pictures of the Vatican, are doubtless most deserving the title of "great"and are the most distinguished monument of the artists skill, many smaller works have been more generally copied and distributed among the masses of civilized mankind.

These have won the admiration of all classes of men, and have from their familiarity made the great artist's name a household word in the present age.

Among the lesser works there perhaps have been more copies made of the "Madonna of the Chair,"in which the mother of Jesus with her child in her lap and the infant John standing at her knees appear, than of any other.

The original is in the Pitti palace gallery at Florence, and always attracts the gaze of the tourist.

Another celebrated and widely copied painting is St. John in the Wilderness.

It is in the Uffizi palace in the celebrated octagonal saloon called La Tribuna, and is one of the chief among the gems of the greatest of the world's artists collected there.

One of Raphael's celebrated pictures, "Christ bearing the Cross"which depicts most graphically the suffer-

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

"5 ings of the Savior, has quite a romantic history.

It was painted for the brothers of the monastery at Mount Olivet in Palermo, but the vessel in which it was shipped was wrecked and the passengers and cargo lost at sea.

The case containing the painting, as if by providence, floated, and was discovered upon the Italian beach.

It was found on opening it that the painting was not injured, and it was safely conveyed to the monks who had ordered it.

The following story is told, though we cannot vouch for its authenticity, of the friendship existing between Raphael and

Rubens.

If it is true it exhibits a phase of character most admirable in those artists, and that should have equal claim upon posterity for regard, with their genius that is so celebrated.

It is a quality that is not often met with among artists of the present day and ought to be an example deserving their emulation.

"The great artist Raphael was a pupil of Rubens, and there was once a keen dispute as to which of the two was the greater painter.

'Thou art,'said Rubens, gazing with pride on Raphael's pictures; but Raphael would not allow it.

At length they decided that each should paint a picture, and exhibiting them, would let the people judge and abide by their decision.

So the artists set to work, and in due time the pictures were finished and exhibited.

Neither had seen the other's painting and they were all anxiety.

Rubens'was a group of fruit and flowers, and so exquisite were they that the birds flew in at the window and tried to peck at the canvas, believing the fruit to be real.

'Oh, but this must be the best!'shouted the people.

'Wait till you have seen the other,'returned Rubens.

'But where is it, my friend?'turning to Raphael, for no second painting was visible.

'Behind that curtain'was the answer.

When Rubens approached to raise the curtain he found it could not be moved, for it in itself was the picture.

'Raphael forever!'shouted the people.

'He is in very truth the greatest artist, for while the one deceived only the birds, the other has deceived the man, who, until now, was the greatest of painters.''It is true said Rubens, and none rejoices so much as I.''But,'Raphael added, as his friend embraced him in congratulation, 'all praise to me is praise to thyself, for it is by thy teaching that I am what I am.'"Jaefuu.

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

WEBER COUNTY.

I.

It is designed in this paper to give a brief synopsis of the rise and progress of the Mutual Improvement Associations in Weber county.

It is not many years ago since religious meetings composed of young people alone, were not known and where we are now able to see hundreds of young men that do not hesitate for a moment to bear their testimony to the work of God, to conduct meetings, and take part in all religious exercises of the Latter-day Saints, a few years ago many of the young either felt too diffident to do these things or thought that religious rites and ceremonies were entirely below their dignity and belonged exclusively to the older people.

In many places where we now And associations, each member of which is a credit to any community, and a staunch defender of the Kingdom of God, and a pleasure and hope to the people of Zion, were found not many years ago, but wild, thoughtless youths uninterested in the welfare of the kingdom and careless in the practice of the elevating principles of our religion.

But a spirit of inquiry after the welfare of the young manifested itself in the minds of some of our leading men, and the seed of mutual improvement was planted.

It grew. The tender plant was

n6 ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

carefully guarded, and its growth to this day has been such that the brightest anticipations of the Elders are being realized.

As early as 1873, a young men's society was organized in Ogden City.

To give you an idea of their labors and early organization, and also the nature of their exercises, we give the following report written by Apostle F.

D. Richards, to Elder Geo.

F.

Gibbs, the corresponding secretary of the Central Committee of the Y. M. M.

I.

A., Salt Lake City.

The article is dated Ogden, January 10, 1877.

Elder George F. Gibbs, Corresponding Secretary, etc., etc.

Dear Brother:

Pursuant to request contained in "an address of the

Central Committee of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations, "etc.,

I would now inform you that on Sunday, the 20th day of April, A. D., 1873, about a dozen young persons, men, met at my house for the purpose of taking into consideration the importance of organizing our young men into a society for their mutual improvement.

President George O. Cannon met with us and an organization was determined upon.

Sundry rules were adopted, meetings were held weekly and a light assessment, by mutual consent, conveniently bore the necessary expenses for the first season.

In order to more freely extend the benefits of the society, and induce accessions to its numbers the constitution was modified and only such rules adopted as appeared necessary to conduct meetings in an orderly manner, and its numbers were greatly increased, including several not more than ten years of age.

With increase of numbers, came increasing interest until our City Hall, the usual place of meeting, was regularly well filled on each Wednesday evening.

Feeling a deep interest in the success of this new movement I retained the presiding charge of the association, and have attended every meeting when able to be present.

I find the interest in these meetings has extended to all parts of the city, and to all the larger settlements of our county where societies are now organized, and a very marked improvement is noticed in the general inclinations, aims and deportment of our young people.

While this was in progress Mrs. Jane

S. Richards commenced to get the young ladies and girls together and to speak to them and them to speak to each other, with such success that Sister Eliza R. Snow and other distinguished ladies came from

Salt Lake City, organized and held meetings from time to time, with them, which extended and intensified the interest, till the young men wrote Sister Snow, to permit them to meet with the young ladies and listen to an address from her, which she cheerfully consented to, and had the City Hall crowded to its utmost capacity with attentive listeners.

The result of this new departure has been greatly to increase the already deep interest of both brethren and sisters in their joint meetings, which have been kept up weekly without intermission until interrupted by the presence of the small pox since about last October Conference.

To render the meetings sufficiently interesting and instructive has been my constant concern, and in this we have realized more than we dared to expect.

Soon a door of utterance seemed to open generally and directly, one after another, testified they had obtained a witness of the Spirit that this was the work of God.

The gifts of the Spirit were manifest and thus a joy and strength was infused into the meetings that was abiding and sincere.

The young people looked forward from one meeting to another with anticipations of pleasure and delight, while the associations of the sexes in this way has served to exalt the standard of morality among them and to dignify their general deportment towards each other.

At times I have given out that certain ones would treat upon given subjects, and have found that efforts so made were often worthy of older heads and more experienced minds.

Again to give a profitable variation and to call out the latent gifts, I have nominated and had voted in one and another to preside for

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

the evening, this has put them upon their best metal, and several have done themselves great credit in the experiment.

I have interspersed the whole with occasional lectures from our best minds at home as well as from other places.

I need not enumerate the changes and variations that Mrs.

Richards and I have adopted to cultivate a healthy and growing interest and which has been so far more successful than our most sanguine expectations, insomuch that during the last summer the meetings were continued without cessation each week.

For a number of years there has been an "Odgen City Library Association"known only by name, and which has a collection of about two hundred volumes towards a library.

I am in hopes to see our young people utilize this collection as the basis of a creditable library.

The Association has kept record of its proceedings, but its present secretary Miss Mattie Brown is now absent at the

City in school, which is the reason why I forward this report although I am unable to give precisely the number of its members.

There are not less than one hundred names enrolled, though not more than seventy-five are regular attendants, some have to be absent at their work in the canons, others on the lines of railway, while some are marrying and moving away, and others are being added by emigration and growth among us.

September 14, 1878, after the cessation of the small pox in 1877, the meetings of the Association were renewed, Mrs.

Richards and myself keeping charge of them until after the organization of the Weber Stake of Zion, when on the 15th of Juue, 1877, the "Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association"was more fully organized by a full set of officers.

Franklin D. Richards.

It will be understood that this was a society organization of Ogden city only, and did not embrace the other wards in the Weber Stake of Zion.

As has been stated, this society was organized more fully on the 15th day of June, 1877.

The following were the officers:

Joseph A. West, President; David Kay, First Counselor, Moroni Poulter, Second Counselor;

Ephraim T. Myers, Recording Secretary; Robert P. Harris, Corresponding Secretary; Willard Fair, Treasurer; William James, Librarian.

The society continued to hold its meetings regularly once a week, in the City Hall.

They engaged such prominent men as Hon.

Thos.

Fitch, Col. Akers, Judge Hagan, Apostle Orson

Pratt, Hon. Moses Thatcher, David M.

Stuart, Wm.

W.

Burton, Jos.

Stanford, Franklin S.

Richards, Thos.

H.

Hadley and others to lecture to them on various interesting subjects.

Besides, they arranged to have parlor entertainments, which were of a very interesting character.

Members of the society rendered songs, music, recitations, declamations, speeches, etc.

Their meetings and entertainments were highly interesting, and we frequently meet with young men and ladies who are enthusiastic in relating what good times they had in their associations together.

The society continued to grow, and on the 7th day of November, 1877, the first number of the Amateur, a small bi-monthly paper edited and published by the Y. M. M.

I.

A., of Ogden city, made its appearance with Joseph A. West as editor.

It was published for the benefit of the society and distributed gratuitously to the members and their friends.

Some young man was chosen from the society once a month to act as editor, and this person was held responsible for the character and general make up of the paper.

It contained many good articles written by the members of the society.

Its editors were Joseph A. West, Austin C. Brown,

John P.

Smith, and Zechariah Ballantyne.

The publication was devoted to the moral and intellectual development of the youth and designed to promote the general interests of mutual improvement.

None but members of the society wrote for the paper and the tpyographical and other mechanical work, as well as the editorial, was performed by them.

Overthree thousand copies. at a round cost of about one hundred and fifty dollars were issued up to May 1878.

The City Hall

n8 OFFENCE.

where the society met was frequently filled to overflowing.

The exercises consisted principally of extemporaneous speeches, speeches on appointed subjects, embracing history, biography and religion, select readings, declamations, essays and testimonies.

And as has already been referred to, public lectures by prominent men were given on each alternate evening of meeting.

The society grew in dimensions and interest and so many joined that they could not well be accommodated in one room, hence, on Sunday, the 21st day of April, 1878, a special meeting of the young men of Odgen and Weber county was held in the Tabernacle for the purpose of organizing a Stake

Central Committee to preside over the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations throughout the county.

Elder Junius F.

Wells, President of the Territorial Central Committee stated the object of the meeting and gave an address on Mutual Improvement, stating that the duties of the

Board about to be organized would be to have a general supervision of all the Associations in the county, and be the medium through which any instruction the Authorities of the Church might wish to impart, might be readily conveyed to each society.

He then presented the following names as officers of the stake central board.

Joseph A. West, Superintendent;

A.

C. Brown, L.

A.

Herrick, Counselors;

Washington Jenkins, Recording Secretary; C.C.Richards,

Corresponding Secretary;

Z.

Ballantyne, Treasurer.

An organization was then effected for each ward as follows:

First Ward, G.

R. Hill, President;

E. T. Myers and C.

C.

Brown, Counselors;

C.

J.

Flowers, Secretary; M. Poulter, Treasurer; John

Volker, Librarian.

Second Ward, John McQuarrie, President;

James Douglass and W. F. James, Counselors;

John G.

Ellis, Secretary; H.J. Garner, Treasurer.

Third Ward, E. N. Freeman, President;

L. M. Richards and Joseph Fair, Counselors; W. H. West,

Secretary;

J.

H.

Watkins, Treasurer.

Fourth Ward, Willard Farr, President;

E. A. Stratford and A. D. Chambers, Counselors; John

P. Smith, Secretary; Asa Farley, Treasurer.

We thus see that the original society had grown so that four were organized from it.

Here in reality ends the history of the first society formed in Odgen City.

If we had the means, the time and space it would no doubt be just as interesting to give a synopsis of the rise and progress of each of these societies, their labors, exercises and growth.

But we might here divert from the subject and suggest to each of these that they appoint some one to write up their labors and struggles for knowledge, that whenever required they may be able to give a detailed account of them.

Members of the Central Committee of

Salt Lake at this time also traveled to the various settlements in the county and organized Associations.

In many of these, societies had already been formed, though perhaps not on the same basis.

Some were called night schools, others literary clubs, others improvement classes, etc., and it was not until this tour that a general organization of the Mutual Improvement Associations in the Weber Stake was effected.

As with the society in Ogden, so with these, their early history would be very interesting, and it was this that we hoped to get, neatly written out, from each society, but on account of the busy season this hope has not been realized.

The writer well remembers what interesting times were had in the improvement class to which he belonged, and many of the good things learned there are still vivid in his recollection, and have been useful to him every day of his life since.

E. H. Anderson.

OFFENCE.

The authority and certainty of, "so says the Lord,"(Matthew, 1 1—6), offends a mystified, baal-ridden and confounded

Babylon.

The cause of offence is not what the Lord says, but that he does say anything whatever.

What the Lord does say, is an object for conviction.

But enslaved Babylon does not know the sacred difference between conviction and prejudice.

There-

GREAT ENGINEERING PROJECTS.

fore, Babylon being in thralldom, and prejudiced against God, takes offence in whatsoever the Lord says.

The sayings of the Lord are therefore accepted only by those who tear themselves loose from under the slavery of Satan, and embrace the freedom of the Gospel of Christ.

The acceptance of what the Lord says is therefore by the free act of conviction.

What is conviction?

Webster does not have the definition, on this grade—In sacred philosophy, it is a legitimate possession of the mind, called Faith. What is prejudice?

Webster has only the profane definition.

The sacred definition is: an illegitimate taking possession of the mind by Satan; which in sacred language reads, "man ensnared by the powers of darkness."Man in this prejudiced condition, takes offence at whatsoever the Lord says.

Sacred conviction, or faith, is a gift of

God, on condition of exercised virtues.

Without the retaining of that faith it is impossible to please God.

To accept what the Lord says, is therefore not only a manifest virtue in those who accept; but it is also an evidence of the favor of God.

Therefore the Savior said:

"that man was blessed,"even by not being offended in Him?

Victor Eremita.

GREAT ENGINEERING PROJECTS.

The shortening of commercial routes by means of ship railways and ship canals seems to be the great ambition of the engineers of to-day.

In addition to the De Lesseps ship canal at Panama, the Eads ship railway at Tehauntepec, the Florida ship canal, the Chesapeake and Deleware ship canal, the Cape Cod canal, and others in the interior of this country, there are several other important projects of like nature under way or in prospect in various parts of the world.

The old project of connecting the Bay of Fundy and Baie Verte, on the Gulf of St. Lawrence, across the Isthmus of Chignecto, has lately taken new form.

It is now proposed to make the connection by a ship railway eighteen miles long, thus making a short cut for navigation between the

United States and the ports on the St. Lawrence gulf and river, and saving the long and dangerous voyage around Nova Scotia.

The projector of the ship railway, Mr.

H. G.

C. Ketchum, writes us that the plan grew out of a desire to save lockage and a deep channel in the design of the

Baie Verte canal.

His first plan was to lift vessels by hydraulic power on pontoons and then float them through the canal.

The idea then occurred that they might as well be lifted to the surface of the ground and hauled across the neck of land on rails.

The road may be level and perfectly straight from end to end.

The plan has been submitted to the Dominion government and is favorably entertained.

Mr.

Ketchum has issued an interesting pamphlet relative to the project.

Across the ocean the construction of the tunnel under the British Channel, connecting England with the Continent, is being prosecuted with an energy which is indicative of ultimate success, and thus far no obstacles have been encountered to make the undertaking a difficult or exceptionally hazardous one.

In France the connection of the Atlantic with the Mediterranean by a ship canal, to save the long and stormy voyage around the Spanish peninsula, is under serious consideration, and the Council-General of the Seine has just adopted a resolution approving of the project.

The ship canal across the Isthmus of Corinth, in Greece, to shorten the route to Constantinople and the ports of the Black Sea, has, we believe, been definitely determined upon.

In the far East a bolder and more important project is in contemplation, with a view to shortening the commercial route to China and Japan by six

A COMMON ENEMY.

hundred miles or more.

At the head of the Malay peninsula is the Isthmus of Kraw, connecting Upper and Lower Siam; and by the cutting of a ship canal at this point, about thirty miles in length, the need of sailing around the peninsula, might be obviated.

At Kraw, the Malayan peninsula, which stretches southward for five hundred miles to Singapore, is at its narrowest breadth, and the distance across from the side of the Indian Ocean to that of the China seas is further decreased by the existence of natural waterways for some distance inland from both shores.

From side to side it is no more than fifty miles, and the Pakchan River, on the western coast, and the Htassay on the eastern, afford the ready means of further reducing it.

The distance, therefore, over which it would be necessary to cut a canal would probably not exceed thirty miles.

The neighboring districts are known to be fertile and to contain great mineral wealth.

A tin mining company has been established for more than ten years at Malewon, on the Pakchan, and gold has been found in the neighboring stream of the Lenya.

So far as known the engineering difficulties are not of a stupendous character, and political drawbacks and considerations fortunately do not exist.

The French appear to have taken the lead in proposing this important commercial short cut, and, if the opinion of the London Times is well founded, the government of British India will not decline to actively participate in its execution.

A COMMON ENEMY.

A daring demon is abroad in the land.

We have all heard of him.

Saul slew his thousands, David his tens of thousands, but he has slain the millions.

He has grieved the aged father and brought the affectionate mother in sorrow to the grave.

He has made wives widows and children orphans.

He has caused loving mothers to shed rivers of tears, but he heeded them not.

He has taken the bread from the fatherless who have lifted their voices for mercy but he heard them not.

He has stripped thousands of their clothing, who have wandered half clad in the chilly winds of winter, yet he had no feeling of compassion.

He has robbed myraids of their daily substance, and said it was just.

He has nerved the robber's arm, whetted the murderer's knife and loaded the desperate weapon.

He has blasted fond hopes and caused lovers, husbands and wives, fathers and children, friends and kindred to separate forever.

He has exalted vice in the minds of many, and buried all decency in deep oblivion.

He despises the good, scoffs at the righteous, mocks the humble, rails on the pure, hates the holy and curses God.

He leads the young into forbidden paths and prostitutes the virtuous.

He promises wisdom but gives foolishness, joy but gives sorrow, wealth but gives poverty, health but gives desease, and life but gives death.

He turns pleasure to pain, faith to doubt, love to hatred, hope to despair, blessings to cursing and revelation to blasphemy.

He worships adultery and fornication, uncleanliness, lasciviousness, idolatry and witchcraft, and is the friend of hatred, variance, wrath, strife and envy.

He fills the prisons and insane asylums of the earth.

In short he is the servant of satan, the enemy of man, the friend of hell, the curse of God.

He is, "Strong Drink."C. H. Bliss.

TO L.

B.

J.

When the summer roses grew, Kissed by many a wanton bird, When the fragrant breezes blew

Lightly o'er the leaves they stirred,

My poor heart from bondage free,

Never turned one thought to thee.

Now the autumn hills are clad,

In their robes of crystal snow,

And the white birds twitter sad

O'er the prairies as they go, Sweeter than the stars of night,

Seem thy graces in my sight.

What has caused this charm to rise,

In each word, each look of thine?

And why seem those gentle eyes

Evermore to beam on mine?

'Tis that Cupid's wand has shed

Love's sweet magic o'er thy head. Beppo.

usajvd:'—l/ve and labor.

"SAND."Bards oft have sung in lofty strain,

Of mighty deeds performed by men,

On battle field, on surging main

Subjects fit for poets pen.

But sing not we of scenes of war,

Of battles fought on sea or land;

Another theme transcends them far 'Tis of boys who've got the "sand!"And,-sand"is but another name For courage, valor, honesty;

To which the youth must sure attain,

If they'd successful be, 'Tis not the dirt from out the pit,

That is so much now in demand,

But for those who've got the grit

For boys who have got the "sand!"

Here he comes, with elastic tread,

A youth, just starting in life's morn;

With form erect, a well poised head,

Nobler son was never born.

Following close, with jeweled cup,

The tempter placed it at his hand;

The sparkling draught he lifts not up He's a boy that's got the "sand!"

Another comes:

in rags he's drest Such poverty many know;

Misfortune here hath done her best,

Bringing down this youth so low,

He passes by unguarded wealth,

Unsecured by lock or band "Good name is better far than pelf,"Says the boy that's got the "sand!"

Another case is brought to view

He's a boy among the boys;

Full of life and frolic too, And many a prank enjoys;

But soon commits an overt act,

And before the stern judge stands,

He will not lie, keeps nothing back

He's a boy that's got the "sand!"

The youth who keep their honor bright,

And whose lips will speak no lie, In drunken brawls, take no delight,

Carving names that never die.

By the brave are such vict'ries won,

With heroes they march hand in hand,

Write in words, bright as the sun,

They are boys who've got the "sand!"j.b.

LIVE AND LABOR.

Wherefore thus succumb to sorrow?

Live and labor with a will, There shall come a brighter morrow,

Live and labor, trusting still.

Those who glide along life's surface, Scars of honor ne'er can show,

For the wounds of active service,

Justice yet shall praise bestow.

'Tis a coward that doth falter,

In the thickest of the fight, 'Tis a coward that surrenders,

Knowing that his cause is right.

Weary not of this existence, 'Tis the ordeal of the soul, And we see (so short the distance),

At the end, a peaceful goal.

Much depends on this probation,

Midst its sorrows and its strife,

Wisdom builds a broad foundation,

For a glorious future life.

Live, if worthy be thy metal, Thou shalt conquer many an ill, Life has many a bloodless hero

Who ne'er crossed a foemen's steel.

Live and labor—work doth banish,

Many a care of darkest hue;

Live and labor, work is worship,

Health and wealth and honor too;

Live and labor, fickle fortune

Cannot wear a ceaseless frown;

Courage wrestles with misfortune;

Courage wins and wears a crown.

Comfort from thy purpose borrow,

Working always with a will, There shall come a br'ghter morrow,

Live and labor, trusting still.

Emily Hill Woodw.ansee.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, January, 1882.

"YOUNG MORMONDOM."The question is often asked, what will be the attitude of "Young Mormondom"on the peculiarities of their fathers'faith?

It is surprising to hear the various replies made to this inquiry.

There appears to be a lot of people who have taken it upon themselves to regenerate

Utah.

They are the principal ones who propound this question in the world, one would think, for the express purpose of hearing themselves deliver the response, which their assumed experience and observation qualifies them to make.

Some who pretend to be wonderfully well informed assert that the young Mormons dislike the old fashioned, plodding ways of their parents, are outgrowing, with the advancement of education, their simple homely principles, and, on contact with the civilization of the outside world, are /becoming disgusted with their religion, and are willing candidates for reception into the social and religious circles of Christendom.

The people who make these statements are, in fact, strangers not acquainted with a dozen Mormon boys or girls, weak-minded, foolish young people who have been dazzled by the glitter of the homes of wealthy outsiders, or vicious persons who, having lost self-respect, do not hesitate to misrepresent and slander their former acquaintances.

We have not heard of the answer, which "Young Mormondom"itself makes to this very significant question, being published abroad.

Perhaps if it were known it might discourage some of the self-appointed missionaries who have undertaken to root out "Mormonism,"and rely on the glowing reports of progress they are making to replenish the exchequer from time to time;

it might also discourage the charitable people of the east, who contribute the funds to keep these missionaries employed.

Whatever the effect may be, if the sentiment of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, which number about twenty thousand members may be taken as "Young Mormondom's"reply to the question, we have no hesitation in recording it:

We are for the faith of our fathers. Our reasons for abidingin this faith may not prove any more satisfactory to the world, than have those assigned by our elders for the adoption of it; but to us they are logical, true and convincing.

In the first place, a cardinal principle of our fathers'faith is expressed in the words of the fifth commandment, "Honor thy father and thy mother;

that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee 3"We hold that neither we, nor the youth of any other people, have the right to break this commandment to please the fancy, gratify the ambition, or fill the purses of the wily seducers who come, in the form of Christian teachers, to pursuade us to abandon father and mother for a fair name in their society.

Nothing but the plainest, simplest evidence that it is God's will that we part from the teachings of parents can justify such a separation, and that must be accompanied with the principle of eternal union as compensation for the temporary sacrifice.

If those who wish "Mormonism"to be obliterated can present this evidence, we assure them they are wasting time and means in building schoolhouses, paying high salaried teachers, and employing lobbyists around the halls of Congress to effect their purpose.

"Mormonism"is enjoined upon her children as the fullness and perfection ol the doctrine of Jesus Christ.

Prove it to be otherwise or in the least degree defective, or false in any particular, and the honesty of the hearts of the thousands of the young people of Utah who believe it,

EDITORIAL.

will cause us to repudiate it at once, and though our purity of life will prevent us from joining hands with the mercenary and corrupt missionaries you have sent to labor among us, we will seek for some other religion.

Does the world expect to do this?

Does it contemplate supplanting the faith it seeks to destroy in our breasts, by a purer, better, more Christianlike doctrine?

Ostensibly it does, but in fact, the world knows that it has no Christian principle that is not embodied in the Gospel believed and practiced by the Latter-day Saints.

That is why they have given up, as hopeless, the effort to convince our fathers of the error of their ways, and must forsooth attack the credulity and ignorance of their children.

Noble calling, is it not?

Afraid to meet those whose experience and education qualifies them to compare doctrines, they set their insidious spies to work prowling around the young, seeking to allure, pursuade, bribe, or steal away the spark of faith that may attach the little ones to the doctrine of their fathers'fireside.

This may appear to be plain language, but do not the facts justify it?

Is there one among all the young people of Utah, that has been approached by these destroyers of faith with evidences of the falsity of "Mormonism?"On the contrary have they not studiously avoided argument on the main question, ever seeking to infatuate you with ostentatious exhibitions of learning, of manners, or of wealth;

contrasting the highly colored pictures of life their rhetoric might paint, with the stern realities of your every day career, for the purpose of discouraging you with the trials and hardships entailed in following the footsteps of your parents?

Have they ever quoted Christian precepts or Godlike doctrines in your hearing that conflicted with the teachings received at your mothers'knees?

Have they ever advanced a stronger reason, of any description, than to harmonize with the popular sentiment, why you should abandon them? We undertake to assert that among all the young "Mormons"disaffected by the labors of these people, there is not one whom they have supplied with a valid argument against the doctrines of "Mormonism."This is a fearful position for the young people who have turned away from the path their parents have walked in, to contemplate.

Faithful, valiant, honorable fathers and mothers, whose intelligence and hearts were converted by the manifestation and power of God, must live to see their children turn from a life's work of Christian faithfulness for no reason, but to appear better in the eyes of the aesthetic world, which cannot bear the disgusting sight of practical Christianity.

And what does the world care for these converts from the ranks of "Mormondom"after they have made them?

For a few days they will patronizingly pat them on the shoulder to exhibit their great Christian courage in having gone into the flames to rescue them from the burning, and then they spurn them with their heels, as the descendants of too loathsome a system to be of consequence to them.

Not only because we know the treachery of the world's friendship must we maintain the faith of our fathers, and abide in it, but the consciousness of losing self respect in departing from it, would be too galling to endure.

And is it not possible for one to turn from "Mormonism"and retain his self respect? Not if he understands it. This is apparent on looking into the life of any apostate.

He never could have become such unless he violated a sacred covenant, and he would not have done that if he hadn't given the Tempter the advantage over him by committing some act of folly or wickedness.

We defy the entire congregation of apostates from "Mormonism"to deny that their progress out of the Church has not been substantially according to this formula.

This is toogreat a sacrifice for "Young Mormondom"to make, to please the world or the myraids of evil spirits that are working to effect it.

Reasons might be multiplied why we should not accept the proposition of the world to abandon the faith of our fathers.

Least among them are the rewards the the world would or could give.

Among

DESTRUCTION OF A SWISS VILLAGE.

those of greater value are these:

It is so true that it cannot be gain said; the Scriptures sustain it and it is the only professed

Scriptural religion that true science and philosophy harmonizes with;

it is so liberal that infidel or sectarian can not propagate a good principle that it does not embrace, and it secures them in the free enjoyment of their faith, without jealousy or hatred;

it provides for the comfort and enjoyment of its votaries, without neglect of duty;

its trials purify and ennoble the lives of those who endure them, and are designed, in wisdom, for that purpose it gives in return for self sacrifice a knowledge of eternal truth and a testimony of God's favor, which can be obtained by no other principle;

it fulfills all its promises;

it relieves the mind of all doubt and fear;

it is the perfect expression of faith, hope and charity;

it is unselfish love;

it is the Gospel of Jesus Christ restored to the earth by the angels of heaven, and is preserved by the power of God, against which no combination can prevail.

The world must produce something worth more than this to change the attitude of "Young Mormondom."There is a silent eloquence in the morality of a whole life which is irresistible.

DESTRUCTION OF A SWISS VILLAGE.

A terrible calamity has fallen upon the once lovely village of Elm.

Nine years ago on a bright June morning I saw Elm for the first time.

To well describe Elm as it appeared on that bright day would be no easy task, yet even the dullest pen could not fail to gain some inspiration from a recollection of the scene.

No other spot in all the Alps could boast so many and such varied attractions.

Three thousand and odd feet above the level of the sea, it nestled half in the valley, half clinging to the hillside in a deep basin formed by great mountain peaks which towered above.

Just over the village rose the Plattenberg and

Mittaghorn, to a height of from four to six thousand feet, while beyond and all about the Piz Segnes, the Sardonstock, the Hausstock and the Vorab,all crowned with everlasting snow, reflected the bright summer sun back into the green valley far below.

Three well-sized brooks, coming from the glaciers comparatively near at hand, united above the village to form the little River Sernf, which flowed through it to the lowlands far away.

On its banks broad fields spread out through the valley, and, though the season was always short, so carefully were they cultivated that the people never wanted for an abundance of vegetables and fruit.

So situated, so blessed by nature, the eleven hundred inhabitants of Elm, well housed in strong dwellings, of wood and cement built after the Alpine fashion, lived industrious, healthy and contented lives.

The terrible calamity which has overtaken them did not come without warning.

Indeed, the people of Elm are, in a measure, themselves responsible for the great trouble with which they have been visited.

This statement and the causes which led to the destruction of the village may be briefly explained.

For years past the inhabitants of the Sernf valley have found extensive slate quarries of the Tschingelalp or Plattenberg one of their chief sources of revenue.

As has already been stated, the berg or mountain in question rises to a height of several thousand feet just behind what was the village.

It is composed, as the event has proved, of a loose, scaly material, exceedingly liable to crack and give way.

Into the base of this crumbling and treacherous mountain the quarrymen of Elm dug, in former years, without any regard for the laws of science or the simplest principles of engineering.

Recently they have been more cautious, but their caution came too late.

In a word, they cut away the foundations of the mountain, and at last, as a natural consequence, it

DESTRUCTION OF A SWISS VILLAGE.

has fallen upon them.

That there was some danger of a land-slide from the Plattenberg has long been known in Elm.

Within the past three or four months slight falls of stone and mud have been of frequent occurrence after heavy rains, yet the people never for a moment thought of leaving the beautiful home to which they were so much attached, and even experts who examined the mountain seem to have had no idea of the full extent of the danger to which they were exposed.

So, in fancied security and entire ignorance of the awful fate which was in store for them they lived on.

Meanwhile, the almost unparalleled rains of summer were slowly but surely completing the work which had been begun by the thoughtless or ignorant quarrymen scores of years ago.

The end came on the evening of Sunday, September 11, 1881, in the "Saints Calendar,"current in some parts of Switzerland, marked "The Day of Felix, saint of luck and happiness."During the early part of that day, the people of Elm went about their usual vocations in the usual way and without any anticipation of the terrible calamity which was so near at hand.

The little church was well attended, hearty dinners were eaten, and afterward, as was the custom, most of the people, old and young, walked through the meadows or upon the mountain side.

At five o'clock in the evening, while many of them were still out in the fields, some one was heard crying: "Look at the Plattenburg—the Plaltenburg!"Those who followed the direction and who are still alive, say that for a moment it seemed to them as if every peak above the slate quarry was in motion;

then there came a rumbling noise, like far off thunder, and in a moment they were blinded by clouds of dust.

When they could see again they found that a great slice of earth and stone had slipped down from the Tschingelalp, burying fine houses and covering acres of good land.

Men and women were at the same time seen struggling among the ruins, and from all sides friends, neighbors and relatives hurried to their aid.

Unhappily, they hurried also to a terrible death.

Even while they were engaged in their work of love the mountain above them moved again.

This time the sound of thunder was not far aistant, but only too near at hand.

The pine trees on the grassy slopes were seen to sink.

A great cloud of dust and steam covered the whole valley, thousands of tons of stone were hurled through the air.

An all-overpowering wind pressure carried everything before it; there was a horrible crash, a sound ol madly-rushing torrents; and all was still.

Then the dust and smoke cleared away, the sun shone in a cloudless sky, and it was seen that as far as the eye could reach, the once-blooming Sernf valley was covered with from forty to one hundred and sixty feet of black stone, moraine, dirt and slime.

Forty dwelling houses, the best in the village, together with dozens of stables and out buildings, were buried far out of sight, torn to pieces by the air-pressure, strewn broadcast over the moraine.

One hundred and eleven of the people of Elm were swallowed up in the general ruin.

At least twelve strangers—Italian quarrymen—shared their fate.

It was useless to think of rescuing any who fell in that awful death slough.

Far out upon its edge, from a strong house, which was only partially covered with the slime and stone, four persons—a graybeard of ninety-one years and a mother with two children—were taken out badly injured, but alive.

Every other human being overtaken in the path of the avalanche was forever buried out of human sight.

Fifteen lumps of torn and bleeding flesh, masses of pulp without shape or form, were taken out.

The others rest in a grave so deep and strong that no man can uncover it.

In one house thirteen persons who sat at a christening feast and who are known to have joked with each other in regard to the old superstition about thirteen at a table, were swallowed up as they sat.

On a lonely hillside, out of the way of danger, an old man and woman lived with their only son.

After the first slide of the mountain the father and son hurried down to the help

ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

of their friends.

They were swallowed up with the rest.

A childless widow, who has become a chattering idiot, now occupies the lonely dwelling.

Daughters who hurried to the help of their fathers, mothers who would have saved their children, lovers who strove to aid their brides, were together buried in the awful moraine.

It is feared that many of those who have been left behind will share the fate of the poor creature who, mourning a husband and a son, has gone mad with sorrow.

The extent of the land-slip is almost beyond belief.

To give anything like an adequate idea of it is no easy task.

It is no way to be compared to the Golden slip of T 8o6, when, as it will be remembered, four hundred and fiftyseven people lost their lives.

In the latter case the mountain slid down and covered the village.

At Elm a great mass of the Plattenberg, a mass one thousand five hundred feet wide, at least two thousand feet high above the valley, and, according to the engineers, from sixty to one hundred feet deep, fell over upon the village, its farms, gardens and meadows.

Tons of rocks were dashed entirely across the valley, and now rest quietly three and four hundred feet high upon the hillside.

The airpressure was so great that houses were lifted up from their foundations and carried a distance of one thousand feet.

A barn built of heavy logs and filled with hay, was carried entirely across the valley and overturned two hundred feet high on the mountain opposite the Plattenberg.

An iron bridge which crossed the Sernf was torn up, carried scores of feet away from its abutments, and now rests on end more than half buried in mud and loose stone.

The whole valley as far as it can be seen from the village inn, which is still standing, very closely resembles the bed of a glacier which has receded.

As I have already stated, the masses of stone and earth which have fallen are everywhere piled up to a height of very many feet.

At least five hundred acres are covered in this way.

The river Sernf has made for itself a new channel through the debris, and has flooded and ruined much of the land below—land which was not directly harmed by the avalanche of stone.

So, in one way or another, the whole valley has been injured beyond all hope of repair.

The loss in property will reach not less than two million francs;

at the lowest estimate one hundred and twentythree people have lost their lives.

The State engineers, fearing further land slides, have forbidden those who have escaped to return to the houses which remain standing, and in consequence more than eight hundred men, women and children who, but a few days ago were prosperous and well-to-do, are now almost without a roof to cover them.

Cor. N.

Y. Times.

Love lightens labor.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCES.

On Sunday morning, January ist, 1882, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement'

Associations of Cache Valley Stake of Zion, met in quarterly conference in the Logan Tabernacle.

The General Superintendency and Stake Presidency were present on the stand.

Prayer by Elder J. F. Wells.

Minutes of last meeting read and approved.

The speakers were, in the forenoon, Apostle Moses Thatcher;

in the afternoon, Elder Junius F. Wells, Presidents

Woodruff and Joseph F. Smith.

The subjects treated upon, were the systematizing of Association exercises, eternal marriage, testimony, the spirit and power of truth, etc.

Verbal reports were given during the forenoon and afternoon meetings, from the following wards:

Logan, First

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

Ward, by H.

Cummings;

Second, N.

W. Kimball;

Third, J. Cowley; Fourth, N. W.

Crookston;

Fifth, Jas.

Smith;

Hyde Park, W.

M.

Dairies; Newton, J no. Jenkins; Mink Creek, Bro. Graham;

Clarkston, T.

Griffin; Weston, J. W.

Dawson;

Lewiston, A.

M.

Rawlins;

Richmond, W. A. Jackson;

Preston, J.

G. Young;

Smithfield, N.

Price; Benson, W. D.

Williams;

Franklin, S. C.

Parkinson;

Paradise O.

E.

Smith;

Hyrum, A.

Israelson;

Oxford, Bro.

Clements; Lewiston, North District, H.

Hyde;

Millville, W.

Neves;

Providence, J. M. Wilson.

The General and Stake officers of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations were unanimously sustained.

Stake officers Lyman R. Martineau,

Superintendent;

S. A. Langton, F. A.

Benson, Counselors;

R.

S.

Campbell, Recording Secretary;

H.

E.

Hatch, Corresponding Secretary;

B.

F. Cummings, Jr., Treasurer.

The meetings were well attended and a good spirit prevailed.

Much good instruction was given by the speakers who were filled with the Holy Spirit.

Conference adjourned for three months.

Benediction by President W:

B.

Preston.

At the conclusion of the conference, a business meeting of the officers was held, at which it was agreed, by all present, to adopt a uniform roll and record book, and take measures to establish a general fund for necessary expenses, etc.

H. E. Hatch, Secretary.

Quarterly Conference of the Y. M.

M.

I.

A.

of Weber Stake, in Ogden Tabernacle, Sunday, Jan 15th, 1882.

The meeting was called to order by Superintendent Jos.

A.

West.

There were present on the stand, Presidents Wilford Woodruff, Jos.

F.

Smith, Apostle Moses Thatcher, Elder Junius F.

Wells, Presidency of the Weber Stake, and the Central Board.

Prayer was offered by Elder W. W.

Burton.

Supt. West made a few remarks, stating he was pleased to meet with the conference and happy that so many of the brethren were present.

As the time was precious, we would proceed with the exercises immediately.

John Gibson, of North Ogden, was called upon, who gave a discourse on Church history, occupying about twenty minutes in an interesting manner.

He was followed with an essay on the "Principles of the Gospel,"by Wm.

Crandall, of Hot Springs District.

Faith, repentance, and baptism, were treated in this essay in a creditable manner.

Henry Bartholomew, of Slaterville, gave an address on '-The Gathering."The next exercise was an essay on the "Evils of Drunkenness,"by Adam Hunter, of Riverdale.

Three exercises were omitted on account of a lack of time.

Apostle Moses Thatcher addressed the audience, giving a most excellent discourse on the marital relations of the Latter-day Saints as compared with those of the world.

At the meeting at 2 p.m., after singing and prayer, the Secretary read the statistical report of the Y. M. M.

I. A. for the past quarter, ending Dec. 31st, 1881.

President W.

Woodruff desired to make a few remarks with regard to Elder

Jos. A. West, the Superintendent of the

Y. M. M.

I. A.

of Weber Stake, who, six months ago, had been compelled by circumstances to tender his resignation.

It had not then been considered opportune to accept it, but it was now accepted by unanimous consent of the congregation.

President Woodruff here gave it as his conviction that Elder West has magnified his calling and hoped that his successor would do likewise.

Prest. D. H. Peery expressed his satisfaction at the young brethrens'excellent remaiks in the forenoon.

He was proud to state that these young men were not those who could be found in saloons, around billiard tables, at horseraces, at pigeon-matches, or other similar resorts.

These were the young men who would be powerful in helping to roll on the great and mighty work of the Gospel.

Weber Stake is second to

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

none in the land of Zion as to young men of integrity and faith.

Prest.

Peery closed by recommending to the congregation the name of Elder E. H.

Anderson as Superintendent of the Y.

M. M.

I. A. of Weber Stake.

Elder Anderson was unanimously sustained in this calling.

Remarks were then made by Elder Junius F. Wells.

President Jos. F. Smith expressed his pleasure at the excellent remarks made before, also at the selection of a successor to Elder Jos.

A.

West, and also his high regard and sincere friendship for the latter, wishing him the best success for the mission to Europe on which he will shortly start.

President Smith gave an address full of vital interest to the young people.

President W.

Woodruff spoke next, in a forcible manner portraying the benefits of persevering in the pursuit of knowledge and in the practice of pure principles.

The following nominations of officers were then presented and unanimously adopted:

Alonzo Herrick, and Zechariah Ballantyne, Counselors, to Superintendent Anderson.

Angus T. Wright, Corresponding Secretary.

Alma D.

Chambers, Recording Secretary.

John L. Wilson, Treasurer.

Elder Jos. A.

West made a few closing remarks, heartily commending the appointments made for the Central Board of the Y. M. M.

I. A., and thanking all who had contributed to make the conference such an edifying and instructive gathering.

Conference was adjourned for three months.

The choir sang an anthem and Elder Lorin Farr pronounced the benediction.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

I. There are about one hundred and ten missionaries in the United States.

Sixty-seven in the Southern Mission proper, fifty-one of whom were members of the Y.M.M.I.A. prior to taking missions and seventeen of them Presidents of Associations.

John Morgan.

2.

On the 25th of September, 1876, Elder Rulon S. Wells and myself went to the royal police department of the City of Berlin and asked permission to hold a meeting;

two days after, our prayer was granted.

We gave notice through the papers that we would hold a meeting on Saturday, September 30, at seven p.m.

At the appointed time we found a large congregation of men from the highest circles of Berlin, with the chief of police, a reporter and three priests.

We preached to them the first principles of the Gospel and distributed a large number of tracts.

All went off well.

We were at that time laboring in the Swiss and German Mission under President Joseph S. Home.

Theodore Brandly.

3.

The Gospel was first preached in Denmark, in Copenhagen, by Apostle Erastus Snow, Elders P.

O.

Hansen, John Fosgren, and Geo.

P. Dykes on June 1st, 1850.

On August 12th, Elder Snow baptized fifteen persons.

Elder John Fosgren was the first to preach the Gospel in Sweden, in the town of Geffle.

He was arrested and sent to Stockholm on August 8, 1850, for baptizing twenty persons.

Elder Peterson baptized a few persons and organized a branch of the Church at Bergen, Norway, September, 1851.

The above is from chronological statistics read by Elder Orson Pratt on the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of the entrance of the Pioneers into Salt Lake Valley.

Bertie.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

i.

Why are scientists so anxious to have the Arctic regions explored, while but little interest is taken in discoveries toward the South Pole?

Pr.

2. In the Doctrine and Covenants, Section xix, page 27, the following passage occurs, speaking of the book of Mormon:

"Which is my word to the Gentiles that, soon it may go to the Jews of whom the Lamanites are a remnant."Please explain in what way the Lamanites are a remnant of the Jews.

Isaac TV. Fox.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

es^Q I '» Violins, Acoordeons, Guitars, Flutes, Binjos, Brass nstaents, Drums, H And all kinds of T-#*\ Mnslral Instruments, Single, Music Itoohs, String* nnd

Fitting*, V [J AND h-> Eyerytmmq ift wots Mmic*& EiiftB^ (JJ Lbs/ Best and Cheapest at LJ W CARELESS'CROXALL'S MUSIC HOUSE, 3 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

V.-J I SE3STI3 TOR. CATALOGUES.

0-^ L- p. jRardy.

P.

^}, Hardy HARDY BROTHERS, SUCCESSORS TO -A..

13. YOTJJSTG, DEALERS IN Staple id Fane; Mis, Dry hk and Notions.

2© cSc 28 3s/£stixi Street, Opposite S. C.

IsAl. X.

EAGLE HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in

Dry Ms, Groceries, Boots, fas, Hardware, Notions, ££ * Seneral Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

S.

IP. TEA8DEL.

P. O. EOX. 352.

East Temple Street AIN~WAGONS.

A full stock of theseCelebraled Wagons always on hand; they are the favorite and leading wagons in Utah.

1 keep a full stock of the Celebrated Oliver Chilled Plows. C'assaday Sulky and

Moline Plows, also a full line of Hardware and Wagon Material, the most complete selection to be found in the market.

All kinds of Call on or address:

HOWARD §EBREE, Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

H.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agricultural Implements of all-kinds. Steel Bottom Scrapeis, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Kconomy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

WagoVis, Hazard Powder, Glidden'.s Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church ltells, Kennedy's celebrated.Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on. UoniinUslon when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, GRAVE AND MONUMENTAL MASONS, FLASTEE^ OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P.

0. Bos, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNEE, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER EIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

is.

1st.-South St., No.

2nd South SI, WHITE & SONS, ^Proprietors Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IN SEASON.

POEK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, B O 3Li o g- x<r -a., And all kinds of DBIED MEATS.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

CH & BRO., 124 and 126 East Temple Street.

F. ATJERB In their New 3 Story Building,

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DUESS GOODS DEPARTMENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND HOUSE FURNISHING 'DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes- and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CLOAK AND SHAWL DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and

Knit Goods of every description.

CLOTHING AND GENERAL FURNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERY AND FANCY GOOD* DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Domestic Hosiery, Laces, Fringes,

Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs.

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOLESALE. BUYERS, Will find our Stock Larger than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINER Y in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from this and ad.'oiseing Territories and States Solicited, and honorably treatment Guaranteed.

jtV iLUEBBiLCH Sz BBOTHIEH, ESTABLISHED 1864.

PROSPECTUS OF

THE CONTRIBUTOR REPRESENTING THE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN OF UTAH.

^roxjxrn^EE three.

The Third Volume of the Contributor will commence with the October, 1 88 1, number.

Each number will contain Thirty-two pages of choice reading matter.

The volume will make a fine library book of nearly Four Hundred Pages.

The success attending the first and second years of this Magazine justifies the prediction that the new volume will not be excelled by any home publication.

The following are a few leading features that will characterize Volume Three:

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH.

These will appear in each number, being carefully selected from the discourses and compositions delivered during the last four years of the Prophet's

Life.

They are upon a variety of important doctrinal subjects, and are full of light and truth, communicated in the most thrilling sentences, which distinguished the delivery of their inspired author.

In connection with the Sermons will be published short Biographical Sketches of Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

Illustrated with TWO MAGNIFICENT STEEL PLATE ENGRAVINGS.

These engravings are said by the most competent judges to be the finest and mast accurate portraits cf the Prophet and Patriarch ever published. They are full page pictures, printed in the most artistic manner, and are alone worth half the price of subscription charged for the Magazine.

The volume will contain Historical Sketches of the Buchanan Campaign of 1857, being, an account of the causes and notable incidents of the Echo Canon War, taken from original documents.

There is no epoch of the history of Utah more romantic and interesting than the period treated upon in this series.

Historical, Biographical, Scientific, Literary and Miscellaneous matter, from the pens of Utah's young people and other writers, will add to the value of the new volume.

The Department devoted to Association Intelligence will be much improved, containing, besides minutes of important meetings, Queries and Answers, Brief Correspondence, Model Programmes, etc.

All the members of Associations are requested to employ this depa* cment in asking any proper questions that they may desire.

Officers of Associations are urgently solicited to take an active interest in the Magazine, writing and procuring suitable matter for its columns, a.jd doing all in their power to extend its circulation among the people.

Presidents of the Y. M. M.

I. A. will please act as agents.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION, INVARIABLY IN ADVANCE:

One Year—including Engravings,

Two Dollars.

Six Months, One Dollar and a Half.

Steel Engravings of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, India mounted on cards, 9x12 inches, for framing, One Dollar and a Half per pair.

Agents getting up clubs of Fifteen Annual Subscribers will receive an extra copy and a pair of Engravings for framing, free.

Associations getting up clubs of Ten will receive an extra copy free.

Address:

Junius F. Wells, Editor and Publisher,.

P. O. Box 305.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Office, first door north of Z.

C. M.

I.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

The Leading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

Mercantile Establishment CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

in the West SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, f* 'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent:

fit tott §Eafc* Situ, dli r *k CAPITAL, $200,000.

XJ SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIBECTOKS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Prest., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Ptest.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROSBECK.

ie is FURNITURE New and Second Hand, vehy cheap.

Call and see L P, SORENSON k C0 M 16 MAIN ST.

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

VOICE * WARNING.

AND ALL THE Publications of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da;

Saints, FOR SALE BY DESERET NEWS COMPANY, SALT LAKE CITY.

STEEL EI I3ST SOLID WALNDT FRAMES, o^ FEICE S3. 00 A PAIR.

A-'V CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

I U IGSiS HAVE RECEIVED FOR THE Fall and Winter Trade $n immmm itiA OF P ss mi, COOKING STOVES, BISMARK RANGES, HEATING STOVES, STAPLE Al FANCY GROCERIES.

A COMPLETE STOCK OF iSHIlAL 11103 mm i\ Ww pjii JHUSSli S? mm At the jL»west Market JPrices.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.