VOL.

III.

FEBRUARY, 1882.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

No.

5.

THE f I A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, FTAII.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

V.

Redemption and Election Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

II Moses 'J hatcher Child Training Ten Objections to the Book of Mormon.

Ill Geo.

Reynolds Impure Castes Wm. Fathering/mm The Origin of Man.

Rev.

Plato Johnson Association History.

Weber County.

II E.H.Anderson Death of Mozart Religion at Home H.

W.

Naisbitt Otters St. Nicholas The Echo Canon War.

IV Vaux Formation of Soil •.

J. B.

Toronto Apostacy Matthias F. Cowley Retrospection..

Enimeline B.

Wells Editorial:

Memorials to Congress In Memoriam—Elizabeth Ann Whitney

Louie Wells Hindoo Fable Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference Answers to Questions Questions to Answer SPENCER CLAWSON.

WHOLESALE DRY GOODS.

Hooper & Eldredge Block, Mgg mm fin. ra«i-

ADVERTISEMENTS.

IN OUR Can be found all the NEW SHADES of BLACK and COLORED

Silks, Satins, Satin DeLyon, Surah Silk and Satin,

Plaid, Stripe and Plain Velvets, all colors.

§m IN OUR rA fk J*,.

WE HAVE BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE, ALPACAS, TARNiSE CLOTH, PLAIDS, STRIPES, and all kinds of Plain and Fancy Dress Goods.

t Is well supplied with a Full and Complete Assortment of

Ribbons, Laces, Embroideries, Ivicl and Cotton Gloves, all sizes and qualitiesrrxein^n3^nza>To-s_

Hj-ajxiest styles.

CORSETS, OOBSETS.

CORSETS.

4^# ^W^^^W.^^^W W^ipf^l|r ^p^^^^^^^p^

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SGHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH, eAND SALT LAKE C1JY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Latest ImproveM Fstrm Wm@Mim&M*

AGENT y^OTi. THE CELEBRATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel ZBalin^;

"Wire and JPatent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Praups, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederick Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE G/TY, GTEO.

.A.. LOWE, OGDEN, UTAH.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

D!S«W©ODEY'S, First South Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER E^ICE $25.

KNITS A SOCK IN 5 MINUTES.

Can teach you to Knit in ONE EOUB.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VEIE TIES!

4 Ton Scales, $60, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc.,

One Block Fouth of Theatre.

P. O. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

£.± JL.

JL.1.

AA ill m$mi fata jpig MANUFACUTRERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET IsTeszt to TerLinirLg-s <3c Sons.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS -A.ISTJD SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY,

INK, &X, &C WM. JENNINGS, R.

S. WATSON, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

?E»» A -^7/, South Bend^t'MANUFACTURERS OF Farm,Freight i SpringWagons, miMii UiiilS, All sizes and styles of which ive carry in stock, or will build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

CENTRAL B JAS.

B. GLASS, Manager.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

r/.s PWH jy y y m, y jy J yjyw i yiuill y jy jjiLJI JLiJlj;

LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, ISmo., flexible cloth, 10 vols., each, 45 cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Roscoe and

Stewart.

18mo., flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. It. Green, 18mo., flexible cloth, G vols., each 45 cents.

Will be sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt of price.

D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers, New York, Boston.

Chicago.

SanFrancisco.

THE CONTRIBUTOR

The Glory of God is Intelligeiice.

Vol.

III.

FEBRUARY, 1882.

No.

5.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

REDEMPTION AND ELECTION.

At 10 o'clock a.m., a large concourse of the Saints assembled on the meeting ground, and were addressed by President Joseph Smith, who spoke at considerable length.

He commenced his observations by remarking, that the kindness of our Heavenly Father called for our heartfelt gratitude.

He then observed, that Satan was generally blamed for the evils which we did, but if he was the cause of all our wickedness, men could not be condemned.

The devil cannot compel mankind to do evil;

all was voluntary.

Those who resist the Spirit of God are liable to be led into temptation, and then the association of heaven is withdrawn from those who refuse to be made partakers of such great glory.

God would not exert any compulsory means, and the devil could not; and such ideas as were entertained by many were absurd.

The creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but Christ subjected the same in hope—we are all subject to vanity while we travel through the crooked paths and difficulties which surround us.

Where is the man that is free from vanity?

None ever were perfect but Jesus; and why was he perfect?

Because he was the Son of God, and had the fulness of the Spirit, and greater power than any man.

But notwithstanding our vanity, we look forward with hope (because "we are subjected in hope") to the time of our deliverance.

He then made some observations on the first principles of the Gospel, observ- ing, that many of the Saints who had come from different states and nations had only a very superficial knowledge of these principles, not having heard them fully investigated.

He then briefly stated the principles of faith, repentance, and baptism for the remission of sins, which were believed by some of the righteous societies of the day, but the doctrine of the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost was discarded by them.

The speaker referred to Hebrews, sixth chapter, first and second verses;

"Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection;

not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptisms, and the laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment."That the doctrine of eternal judgment was perfectly understood by the Apostles, is evident from several passages of Scripture.

Peter preached repentance and baptism for the remission of sins to the Jews, who had been led to acts of violence and blood by their leaders; but to the rulers he said, "I would that through ignorance ye did it, as did also those ye ruled""Repent, therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing (redemption) shall come from the presence of the Lord, for He shall send Jesus Christ, who before was preached unto you,"etc.

The time of redemption here had reference to the time when Christ should come;

then, and not till then, would

MORMON POL YGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

their sins be blotted out.

Why?

Because they were murderers, and no murderer hath eternal life.

Even David must wait for those times of refreshing, before he can come forth and his sins be blotted out.

For Peter, speaking of him says, "David hath not yet ascended into heaven, for his sepulchre is with us to this day."His remains were then in the tomb.

Now, we read that many of the Saints arose at Christ's resurrection, probably all the Saints, but it seems that

David did not.

Why?

Because he had been a murderer.

If the ministers of religion had a proper understanding of the doctrine of eternal judgment, they would not be found attending the man who had forfeited his life to the injured laws of his country, by shedding innocent blood;

for such characters cannot be forgiven, until they have paid the last farthing.

The prayers of all the ministers in the world could never close the gates of hell against a murderer.

He then spoke on the subject of election, and read the ninth chapter of Romans, from which it was evident that the election there spoken of was pertaining to the flesh, and had reference to the seed of Abraham, according to the promise of God to Abraham, saying, "In thee, and in thy seed, all the families of the earth shall be blessed."To them belonged the adoption and the covenants, etc.

Paul said, when he saw their unbelief, I wish myself accursed—according to the flesh—not according to the spirit.

Why did God say to Pharaoh, "For this cause have I raised thee up?"Because Pharaoh was a fit instrument a wicked man, and had committed acts of cruelty of the most atrocious nature.

The election of the promised seed still continues, and in the last days they shall have the Priesthood restored to them, and they shall be the "saviors on Mount

Zion,"the ministers of our God:

if it were not for the remnant which was left, then might we be as Sodom and Gomorrah.

The whole of the chapter had reference to the Priesthood and the house of Israel; and unconditional election of individuals to eternal life was not taught by the Apostles.

God did elect or predestinate, that all those who would be saved, should be saved in Jesus Christ, and through obedience to the Gospel; but He passes over no man's sins, but visits them with correction, and if His children will not repent of their sins He will discard them.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

To show how well founded are the views so cogently expressed in the last paragraph of the last number, we make the following extracts from an eminent work on "The Transmission of Life,"by

George H. Napheys, A. M.,M. D., published by H. C. Watts & Co.,

Philadelphia, 1878.

This work is approved and endorsed by many of the most eminent medical professors of our day, as well as by those of our noted colleges, universities and institutions of learning, and by prominent clergymen and Christian advocates of several Protestant denominations.

It may, therefore, be considered a reliable exponent of matters upon which it treats, as existing among the people of the United States, who, since the passage of the Congressional act of 1862, against polygamy in the territories of the Union, may be considered emphatically a nation of Christian monogamists.

With this explanation, we shall proceed to point out some of the results of this approved monogamic system of marriage, and will compare them with those thus far developed by the "Mormon"practice of polygamy, or, more properly speaking, the patriarchial system of marriage, as practised by the Latter-day Saints in the Territory of Utah;

or, to put the comparison in another and perhaps more proper light, for we disclaim any disposition to assume a basis of

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

unfairness, we will say;

not the results flowing from the two orders of marriage, but rather the good and evil which accompany them.

We need only consult the writings of our best American authors, who have made the subject of the so-called "social evil"a matter of study, to learn that this fearful scourge, this horrid uncleanness, is gaining strength and assuming greater proportions every year in our otherwise great and happy country.

This startling truth has become so apparent to thoughtful men of the nation, that they unhesi-'tatingly declare that it is not only poisoning the fountains of life in the great commercial centres of the land; but reaches, with the taint of disease and death, the heretofore quiet, chaste and moral walks of villages, hamlets and country retreats.

With the power of steam, and the speed of electricity, its wondrous strides threaten the very existence of the nation.

If any doubt this, let them carefully study the subject and, taking the Bible, or science, or both as a standard, compare the morality of the United States to-day, both as to expressions of public thought and actual practices, with those of fifty, or even twenty-five years ago, and, I think no further argument will be necessary to convince all such that the statement, while being a sad commentary upon our Christian nation, is, nevertheless, true.

Congress may pass proscriptive laws in the future, as it has done in the past, to place restrictions upon the heaven approved system of patriarchal marriage, enforcing punishment by fines and imprisonment on those who obey that lifepromoting doctrine; but it remains to be seen whether our law-makers will be willing, or able, to enact measures even to check the fast increasing current of a nation's corruption.

We fear not, believing that their hearts are not inclined toward the work of moral and physical regeneration.

Our apprehensions in this direction arise from causes well known, among which we need only refer to a few prominent cases wherein the nation and the people have shown an indifference to morality, which twentyfive years ago, would have shocked them in every grade of society from New York on the Atlantic to San Francisco on the Pacific;

from British America on the north to the Gulf and boundary of Mexico on the south.

Passing the unfortunate and sadly disgraceful affairs in which, during the past few years, some of the most brilliant clergymen and ministers of our nation have, unhappily, been prominently connected as leading actors, in scenes and acts of lewdness, which should make a heathen blush, we will but refer to similar affairs in the field of politics;

in which parties of the highest political consequence were interested.

Ask how far these disgraceful matters affect the social or political standing of such persons and what would the answer be?

Should every charge made against these brilliant characters be fully substantiated, would that, in the present apathetic condition of our nation, as to morality, dim their greatness, or in any way retard the strides made by certain ones toward the most distinguished places and positions in the gift of the government? On the contrary, these affairs have increased rather than diminished the popularity of the parties concerned among the people.

In view of the practices of prominent law-makers who, it is well known, keep domestic establishments at the seat of government during congressional sessions while their wives are at home, we may well ask why should adultery or any other immoral act tarnish the character or cloud the prospects of one or more particular special lights of the great political parties?

It would be invidious.

Should the good, slow going, Christian people of the nation consider any act of a public official servant too flagrantly immoral to be covered by the veil of religious hypocrisy, all that need be done to distract attention is to unite the clerical, Pharisaical element of the country to cry out against the "abominable"practices of the "Mormons"in far distant Utah; who, instead of prostituting the daughters ot God, marry them;

and, instead of bastardizing and permitting their children to be destroyed, care for, protect and ed-

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

ucate them; which, of course, being just, and approved of by the Almighty, is called a "national dishonor."This brings to mind an instance where a religious sect employed, at a good, round salary, a new minister, the old one having continued to cry out against iniquity in his fold, as was his habit in youth, and, being considered, therefore, behind the spirit of the age, was discharged, the congregation feeling that when they paid for preaching, they should have such as suited them.

So, when the new minister came, he was met at the vestry door, just before the commencement of the services, by a couple of the prominent members of the religious society; the first, with a pleasant smile and cheerful greeting, requested him not to preach about the evils arising from the use of intoxicating drinks, nor yet to condemn their sale:

"for,"said he, "Mr. Brown is prominently engaged in that business and is a very respectable member of our society, and is really more than ordinarily generous, having, since we employed you, given the church five hundred dollars."The other modestly requested that nothing be said about prostitution, or houses of assignation, as Mr. Smith, a very prominent church member, owned a block of buildings, some of the houses of which were leased profitably to characters that were not irreproachable, but Mr. Smith himself is, nevertheless, an excellent Christian; last year he gave three hundred dollars to help our cause in Mexico and two hundred dollars for Africa, and, since our former minister left us, he has donated to the church one thousand dollars in cash.

"Well."replied the new employe, "if I dare not mention the iniquities and sins existing among the people, what can I preach about?""Oh, that's easy; go after the "Mormons"red hot;

they have no friends."With a sigh of relief the services were opened and conducted satisfactorily to all—the minister understanding very clearly that he was "preaching for hire and divining for money,"while the officials of the

Christian society were greatly pleased in securing the services of a teacher to "tickle the itching ears of the people,"who, in turn, were delighted with the harmony secured.

Having thus briefly alluded to public men and public affairs, we now submit for the careful consideration of the reader, the following extracts from the celebrated work of Dr. Napheys. Speaking of secret diseases and their freqency and effects, he says:

"A masked pestilence, a subtle infection is stealing upon the health of the nation, poisoning its blood and shortening its life, spreading from husband to wife, from parent to offspring, from nurse to infant, working slowly, but with a fatal and an inexorable certainty.

This pestilence is the specific contagion of disease, which arises from impure intercourse.

Were this its only source, and did it stay its ravages with the guilty parties, we might say it is a just penalty, and calls for little sympathy.

But this is not so.

By the inscrutable law of God, which decrees that the sins of the father shall be visited on the children, even unto the third and fourth generations, these diseases work attainder of blood, become hereditary and blight the offspring.""Not a single physician of experience who has not witnessed wife and children poisoned by the husband's infidelity."Here again we fear we shall be called alarmists, and severely criticized for exciting unnecessary apprehension.

We care not.

This is no imaginary evil we combat, nor is it any paltry or insignificant one.

We do but repeat with moderated emphasis, what others have already said.

We have before us a work which is anything but sensational, and which was written by men who stand second to none in our land for professional and personal character.

It is the Fifth Annual Report of the Board of State Charities of Massachusetts (1868).

The Board, speaking of that hideous disease which must have come from the most venomous fang of the serpent which bit the heel of mankind, and they go on to say:

"Woe to the bodily tabernacle in which it enters;

for it is one of those evil spirits which not even prayer and fasting

CHILD TRAINING.

can cast out.

With slow, painless, insidious, resistless march, it penetrates into the very marrow of the bones and poisons the fountains of life beyond purification.

All may look fair without and feel fair within, but the taint is there and it affects the offspring.

The effects of the disorder in corrupting the human stock and predisposing offspring to disease are more deadly than is usually believed.

They are hardly exceeded by the effects of alcohol.

Nature readily forgives unto men other sins and blasphemies, wherewithsoever they may blaspheme, but the one, like him that blasphemeth against the Holy Spirit, hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation, for he hath an unclean spirit,""And this is said, be it remembered, in a public document for general distribution.

Can we then be blamed if we remove, without compunction, the veil which hides the hideous features of the malady?"» "We would gladly add, to counterbalance what we have to say on this point, that such maladies are rare.

But who would believe it?

Is it not notorious that there is no hamlet so remote, no frontier settlement so isolated that it is free of this scourge?

In the great cities it is fearfully prevalent.

Including both sexes and all grades of society, we do not doubt that more than twenty-five per cent, of their whole population is more or less tainted with it, and the greater number innocently.

Nor is it at all confined to the indigent and degraded.

Its hold is just as firm, though concealed and held in check, in the fashionable clubs and stately mansions of the opulent, as in the alleys and back slums of the dregs of our population.

No man, no woman, we care not what his position or his life may be, is secure from its loathsome touch."

Moses Thatcher.

CHILD TRAINING.

Education is the development of the physical, mental and spiritual nature of a child;

its object is to give the body and spirit all the perfections of which they are susceptible.

During earliest infancy we know only of the physical nature, we have but little evidence of the spiritual or mental life of the child until its strength and growth awakens the senses and by their use evinces its intellectual powers.

The dawning of these powers, in the very morning of life, is usually discerned in the affectionate nature of the little one, as in its love for its mother or others, who are kind and gentle in their attentions to it.

Nothing appeals to the responsive nature of a true woman like the love prattle of a little child.

It is the first evidence of that which is highest in its nature, and is called spiritual.

Begin to educate a child by developing its senses.

Too many having children in their care never think of this; they believe they do their duty in teaching them to discern letters.

See that your first efforts are directed to the growth and cultivation of the senses.

Let your child learn to see aright and all there is to be seen in a given direction, to hear aright and all that it should hear, to taste, to smell and to feel as though there were pleasure and satisfaction in the exercise of these faculties.

Impressions thus made will be indellible, and if correct, form the foundations of a happy and useful life. They should be so thorough as to be a guide and help to your child in thought and action all his life, giving him a consciousness of power to appreciate all he comes in contact with, and to view things in their proper light, valuing them, for what they are worth.

These impressions should be given slowly—indeed they can be made thorough no other way—and in accordance with the laws of nature, producing a growth from within of those germs of perfection, which God has implanted there, and which testify stronger than the creeds of men of our divine parentage.

Mental growth—Intelligence exists, existing it must exert itself, exerting itself it must grow strong, strengthening it must unfold, unfolding it imitates, represents, creates, creating it reaches consciousness.

The starting point and the end is action.

Play is the rightful

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

work of the child, and it should be so directed that while it seems only pleasure to the child, from the teacher's standpoint, it has a direct educational object:

being to give the child employment in harmony with his whole nature;

to strengthen his body;

to exercise his senses and to provide food for the growth of his mind; and to guide aright the heart and affections.

The school should be a place of loveliness and activity.

The individuality of the child should be held sacred, and freedom given to it that will reveal its powers and impulses, which must be guided or restrained by the love and experience of the teacher.

Ten.

The Feegeeans suppose the road to heaven too difficult for the infirm or diseased;

therefore they strangle their old people, who, after cheerfully walking in their own funeral processions, submit to the operation with the utmost composure.

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

in.

Objection: "The Book of Mormon disagrees with the Bible for in the Book of Alma it is stated, And behold, he (Jesus) shall be born of Mary at Jerusalem. "This quotation is a dishonest one, from the fact that it only gives a portion of the text, and ends in the middle of a sentence.

It is like a certain man's argument, who affirmed that he could prove from the Bible that there was no God;

and to substantiate his assertion, quoted a portion of the opening sentence of the fourteenth psalm, "There is no God."But the sentence in its completeness reads, "The fool hath said in his heart, there is no God,"which entirely changes the sentiment and meaning of the passage.

So this quotation from the Book of Alma, is greatly changed when the context is read.

It is as follows;

"And behold, he shall be born of Mary at Jerusalem, which is the land of our forefathers."Showing that it is the country, not the city, that is referred to.

If this statement be an error, or Joseph

Smith were an impostor, of all mistakes this is one of the most unlikely that he would make;

for if there was any book that he was acquainted with, that book was the New Testament; and if he knew anyone thing of Christ's history, he certainly knew that the Savior was not born In the city of Jerusalem.

And even if there had been a conspiracy between him and his scribes, how utterly ridiculous is it to think that Martin Harris, who knew the Bible from Genesis to Revelations, or Oliver Cowdery, who was a schoolmaster, would have permitted him to make such an egregious blunder; one that everybody would detect.

But there is no error.

He simply translated after the manner of the speech of the Nephites.

They did not know the land from whence their fathers came by the same name as we moderns do;

it was not "Palestine,""Judea,"nor "the Holy

Land"to them; they called it "The land of Jerusalem;"and in that land Christ was most assuredly born.

In this passage there is no ambiguity, it is the land, as is specifically stated, not the city that is spoken of: "He shall be born of Mary at Jerusalem, which is the land of our forefathers."It was the almost universal custom among the Nephites to call any designated region of country by the same name as its largest or chief city.

In this way we find mentioned in the Book of Mormon both the lands and cities of Ammonihah, Bountiful, Desolation, Helam, Lehi, Manti, Morianton, Moroni, Mulek, Nehor, Nephi, Nephihah, Noah,

Shem, Shilom, Zarahemla, etc.

It will be noticed that the lands and cities of the Nephites generally bore the name of some distinguished person known in their history, and were not fancy or whimsical names as are so many given to cities and places now-a-days.

This arose from a well understood cus-

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

torn prevalent among that people, which is thus explained in the Book of Alma:

"Now, it was the custom of the people of Nephi to call their lands, and their cities, and their villages, yea, even their small villages, after the name of him who first possessed them; and thus it was with the land of Ammonihah."—Alma, viii, 7.

To prove beyond all dispute that the land of Israel's inheritance on the Asiatic continent was called by the ancient inhabitants of America the "Land of Jerusalem"we will quote from other passages in the Book of Mormon:

"Now when Amnion and his brethren separated themselves in the borders of the land of the Lamanites, behold Aaron took his journey towards the land which was called by the Lamanites. Jerusalem;

calling it after the land of their father's nativity; and it was away joining the borders of Mormon."—Alma xxi, 1.

"And now it came to pass after I, Nephi, had made an end of teaching my brethren, our father, Lehi, also spake many things unto them, how great things the Lord had done for them, in bringing them out of the land of Jerusalem.

And he spake unto them, concerning their rebellions upon the waters, and the mercies of God in sparing their lives, that they were not swallowed up in the sea.

And he also spake unto them, concerning the land of promise, which they had obtained: how merciful the Lord had been in warning us that we should flee out of the land of Jerusalem."—2 Nephi;

h 1—3- "Wherefore, thus saith the Lord, I have led this people forth out of the land of Jerusalem, by the power of mine arm, that I might raise up unto me a righteous branch from the fruit of the loins of Joseph."—Jacob ii, 25.

In fact the expression the "Land of Jerusalem,"when Canaan is meant, is used more than thirty times in the Book of Mormon;

the Savior himself in his ministrations among the Nephites using this phraseology to accomodate himself to the understandings of that people.

He says: "I will remember the covenant which I have made with my people that I would give unto them again the land of their fathers for their inheritance, which is the land of Jerusalem, which is the promised land unto them for ever, saith the Father."3 Nephi xx, 29.

And a little farther on He adds: "Then will the Father gather them together again, and give unto them

Jerusalem for the land of their inheritance.—3, Nephi, xx, 33.

Objection:

"In the second book of Nephi it is said:

'Wherefore, when thou hast read the words which I have commanded thee, and obtained the witnesses which I have promised thee, then shalt thou seal up the book again, and hide it up unto me.'[2 Nephi xxvii, 22.] We learn that when Moroni hid up the plates, he buried them in the ground in a box;

so we must look for Joseph to hide them in a similar manner; but did he doit?

No;

for his Apostle, Taylor, says: 'Concerning the plates, Joseph had them in his possession some time, when he got through translating, they were delivered again to the angel.'So he did not hide up the plates, as stated in the Book of Mormon, but gave them to the angel;

and here is a disagreement of testimony.

Really, if the angel was so willing to take charge of the plates after Joseph had got through with them, why did not Moroni give them into the hands of an angel instead of hiding them in the ground?"The "disagreement in testimony"suggested by the objector, is simply imaginary.

He is straining at a gnat.

Joseph Smith both hid up the plates unto the Lord when the work of translation was finished and also delivered them unto the angel.

That they are hidden must be at once acknowledged, for no mortal creature outside the Holy Priesthood, knows where to find them. So effectually are they hidden unto God (not from God) that the whole world, almost without exception, assert, that they never had an existence, and that the statements of the Prophet regarding their translation are false.

The writer of the above objection asserts that when they were hidden up again it should be

OBJECTIONS TO THE BOOK OF MORMON.

"in the ground."We reply, that is where they were hidden; and that when they were so hidden the angel Moroni was present and received them into his care.

It was that angel who gave them into the charge of Joseph Smith when they were taken out of the hill Cumorah, and when

Joseph had performed the work of translation, assigned to him, he again deposited them in the place designated by the Heavenly Powers, and the angel Moroni again assumed ward and watch over them.

The question asked, "Why did not Moroni give them into the hands of an angel instead of hiding them in the ground?"is easily answered.

In the first place, the later Nephite prophets were commanded by God to hide them in the ground;

in the second place Moroni was himself the angel who took charge of them. He had charge of them, as a prophet of the Most High, when he dwelt in mortality, he has charge of them as an angel now that he is resurrected.

We have no record that he ever gave them permanently into the hands of any other being;

and even during the time that Joseph was translating them he occasionally received them back into his charge, when persecution or other circumstances rendered it undesirable that Joseph should retain them.

With regard to the fact that the prophets who lived during the closing years of the Nephite nation were commanded to hide up the records, we subjoin two extracts from the Book of Mormon to prove the truth of our assertion:

"And it came to pass that after three hundred and five years had passed away, (and the people did still remain in wickedness,) Amos died, and his brother Ammaron, did keep the record in his stead.

And it came to pass that when three hundred and twenty years had passed away,

Ammaron being constrained by the Holy

Ghost, did hide up the records which were sacred; yea, even all the sacred records which had been handed down from generation to generation, which were sacred even until the three hundred and twentieth year from the coming of Christ.

And he did hide them up unto the Lord, that they might come again unto the remnant of the house of Jacob, according to the prophecies and the promises of the Lord.

And thus is the end of the record of Ammaron."—4 Nephi, i, 47 49- "And it came to pass that when we had gathered in all our people in one to the land of Cumorah, behold I, Mormon, began to be old; and knowing it to be the last struggle of my people, and having been commanded of the Lord that I should not suffer that the records, which had been handed down by our fathers, which were sacred, to fall into'the hands of the Lamanites, (for the Lamanites would destroy them,) therefore I made this record out of the plates of Nephi, and hid up, in the hill Cumorah, all the records which had been entrusted to me by the hand of the Lord, save it were these few plates which I gave unto my son Moroni."—Mormon, vi, 6.

The above objector further asserts, "that the angel did not hide them is intimated in the claim that he came down from heaven and showed the plates to the three witnesses, another proof that

Joseph did not hide them."This is folly in the extreme.

When the plates were shown to the three witnesses they were not then hid.

The passage in the Book of Nephi which the objector quotes as the basis of his arguments^ directly and unmistakably shows that the plates were not to be hidden up by Joseph until after the three witnesses had seen them. The words are, "wherefore when thou hast read the words which I have commanded thee, and obtained the witnesses which

I have promised unto thee, then shaft thou seal up the book again and hide it up unto me."The point, that because the angel came down from heaven, therefore the plates must necessarily have been with him in heaven, (which we suppose is the idea that the writer wishes to convey,) is not well taken.

It is not a necessary sequence that because the angel came down from heaven and showed the witnesses the plates, therefore they must have been in heaven also; they may have been on earth.

The angel came down from

IMPURE CASTES.

heaven when he first showed them to Joseph at the time that they were safely hidden in the stone chest in the hill Cumorah.

They belong to the earth, and this earth is their place.

The following extract from a sermon delivered by President Brigham Young at Farmington, June 17, 1877, will show where the plates were deposited.

"I tell these things to you, and

I have a motive for doing so.

I want to carry them to the ears of my brethren and sisters and to the children also, that they may grow to an understanding of some things that seem to be entirely hidden from the human family.

Oliver Cowdery went with the Prophet Joseph when he deposited these plates, Joseph did not translate all the plates there was a portion of them sealed, which you can learn from the Book of Doctrine and Covenants.

When Joseph got the plates, the angel instructed him to carry them back to the hill Cumorah, which he did.

Oliver says that when Joseph and Oliver went there, the hill opened, and they walked into a cave, in which was a large and spacious room.

He says he did not think at the time whether they had the light of the sun or artificial light; but that it was just as light as day.

They laid the plates on a table;

it was a large table that stood in the room.

Under this table there was a pile of plates as much as two feet high, and there were altogether in this room more plates than, probably, many wagon loads they were piled up in the corners and along the walls. The first time they went there, the sword of Laban hung upon the wall, but when they went again it had been taken down and laid upon the table across the gold plates;

it was unsheathed, and on it was written these words:

'This sword will never be sheathed again until the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our God and his Christ.'I tell you this as coming not only from Oliver Cqwdery, but others who were familiar with it and who understood it just as well as we understand coming to this meeting."

Geo. Reynolds.

The Mohawks believed that a terrible misfortune would befall anyone who spoke while crossing Saratoga Lake. An English lady did so purposely, and after passing in safety, rallied her Indian boatman on his fears.

His reply was prompt:

"Oh,"he said, "the Great Spirit was merciful, and knew that a white woman couldn't hold her tongue."IMPURE CASTES.

In the classification of the Indian people, the Kshatrya, or soldier is next to the Brahman in rank.

His profession is to bear arms, and he is mantained from a tax, levied for the support of the government.

A fourth part of the people were of this caste, who composed the military force of ancient India.

This continual state of things, imposed a heavy tax upon the people, having to support one fourth of the able bodied population as soldiers, which was their calling from year to year and from generation to generation.

"By a king,"says Menu, "whose forces are always ready for action, the whole world may be kept in awe, let him then, by a force always ready, make all creatures living his own."

The kings of India had two great engines of power placed in their hands;

they were masters of the army, and the public revenues were at their command.

The Kshatryas having no other calling, but that of soldiers, one would naturally suppose, from their long experience, that they were military heroes, having acquired a formidable and warlike character.

However, history informs us that India succumbed to every invader, and the military art of the Hindoo was next to nothing.

Their infantry consisted of a multitude of people massed together, without regard to rank or file.

The third caste among the Hin-

IMPURE CASTES.

doos are called Vaisyas:

they sprang from the thigh of Brahma and are the mercantile class.

They are men of cute business principles.

They are stock raisers; they cultivate the soil, and carry on all kinds of trade, are shrewd money lenders, and have a fair, practical knowledge of almost every branch of trade known in India.

They rank above the Sudras, and receive from them the same respect and homage that is extended to the military class by the Vaisyas.

The Sudras, or servile class, came from the foot of Brahma, their business is to serve the three superior classes, and at the same time are despised by them.

"Let not a Brahman,"says the law of Menu, "give advice to a Sudra, nor what remains from his table, nor clarified butter, of which part has been offered, nor let him give spiritual counsel to such a man, nor inform him of the legal expiation for his sins surely he who declares the law to a servile man,and he who instructs him in the mode of expiating sin, sinks with that very man into the hell named Asamvrita."In pinching times of want and stagnation, when the Brahman is pressed to obtain a subsistance in his braminical calling, to obtain a livelihood, he can assume the role of a Kshatrya, or a Vaisya,, but not of a Sudra.

The military class, have the right, when in straitened circumstances, to encroach upon the occupation of the Vaisyas and Sudras to obtain a living, while the Vaisya can only have resource by adopting the profession of the servile class, when his own occupation is invaded by the competition of the classes above him.

The poor Sudra has every door closed against him, his channel of subsistance being cut off by the classes above him.

However, he is at liberty to emigrate to other countries, a privilege denied the other classes.

According to the ancient jurisprudence of Hindoostan, if a man of superior caste accuses one of an inferior class, and fails to substantiate his allegations, he is lightly reprimanded; but if one of the lower castes should complain against one of the higher classes and is unable to sustain his charge, he is severely punished.

The punishment is graded, and is administered proportionately to the order of the caste.

The punishment of a Brahman, generally is very slight, that of the military class more severe.

If the offender be of the Vaisya caste, his punishment is cruel, but if one of the servile classes is the transgressor, the chastisement inflicted is barbarous.

A Brahman for defaming the character of a man of the same caste, is fined twelve janas.

If the defamer belongs to the military class his fine is one hundred janas, a merchant two hundred, a Sudra is whipped.

Notwithstanding the strict guards thrown around the castes to prevent them marrying others than of their own class or profession, irregularities crept in, and children were born through a union strictly forbidden.

This departure from established usages, according to the Hindoo law, introduced an impure blood, denominated Burren S tinker, that were viewed by the established classes as outcasts, being without caste, and consequently no occupation.

This new mixture from themselves, filled the country with disorder;

not being classified they had to live on the charities of the other classes, or prey upon them for their subsistance.

This condition of things was inaugurated by a corrupt monarch, who lent his influence to outrage the law, by encouraging the promiscuous mixture of the castes.

The Brahmans slew this corrupt king, and by the assistance of a supernatural power created a successor, who was good and wise.

He proved competent to grapple with the evil that was cankering the empire, and introduced a remedy by classifying the Burren Sunker, and giving them trades.

According to Hindoo books this was the beginning of arts and manufactures in India, hence the labors of this impure class were utilized for the benefit of the whole.

The Burren Sunker were organized into thirty-six different classes, such as weavers, tailors, cooks, carpenters, blacksmiths, incorporating all kinds of artizans, and handicrafts.

The highest status of this union was the offspring of

IMPURE CASTES.

a Brahman with a woman belonging to the Kshatrya class, whose profession was to teach the military art.

The offspring whose father is of the servile class, and the mother of the Brahminical order, are the most degraded of all the classes.

They are called Chandalas, and are despised by all their superiors.

Their calling is to execute criminals, carry out corpses to the place of cremation, and to perform all other services that are considered abject and unclean.

The Chandalas are even more despised than a

Sudra.

When they meet any of the superior castes they are obliged to turn out of the way till they pass.

They are consigned to live in isolation, so as not to pollute the village where they reside.

"Avoid,"says the Tantra, "the touch of the Chandalas and other abject classes.

Whoever associates with them undoubtedly falls from his class;

whoever bathes or drinks in wells or pools, which they have caused to be made, must be purified by the five productions of Kine.

Wm. Fotheringkam.

The Rev.

Plato Johnson sometimes refers to scientific subjects in his discourses. Last Sunday morning, in a sermon on the origin of man, he said "Bruddern, de trubble wid some folks is dat dere brains is too large.

I don't 'tend to be pussonal an'has no reference whatever to any man in dis'sembly; but dere is people in dis woiT who has a 'pression dat dey oughter have created de Lord, an'dat it was a act of condescenshun on dere parts dat dey 'lowed de

Lord to create dem at all, an'dey's ben sorry ebber sence dat dey didn'assert dere rights on de fust day an'hab a han'in making'tings.

Now, dere's Mr.

Darwin, a man who has been makin'a big fuss 'bout de way de Lord put tings togedder, an'beleebs de whole ob creation is wrong jist cos he was n't 'suited.

I wish de Lord would gib sech men as him 'bout a couple ob acres ob de 'riginal chaos, an'see wat kind ob a fist day would make ob it.

I guess dat arter a while dey would all move off dere own plantation an'try to rent a house on de land whar de Lord was runnin'de machine.

Dis Darwin says dat a man is de gran'son 'ob a'monkey, an'dat de Bible aint got de truff ob de matter at all.

You'se all de chillen of baboons, my belubbed.

Wat you tink ob dat?

How you like your ancestors?

In de beginnin'every one ob you had a long tail—dat was long 'fore you wore trousers—an'some ob you got your tails twisted off, an'some ob you was 'shamed ob 'em, an'rubbed 'em off against de trees, an'at lass de tails got so disgusted dat dey refused to grow.

Dat's wot you are an'dat's whar you cum from.

Now, den, my idea is dat ebbery man oughter speak for himself on dis subjec'.

Ef Mr.

Darwin was born up in a tree while his mudder was stealing cocoanuts it don't follow dat my mudder was up anoder tree doin'de same ting.

Darwin is dead shore dat his ancestors was apes, an'he oughter know.

I ain't goin'to contradict it.

Ebbery man must look after his own family.

As fur me, I'se a Bible Christian, an'was made out ob de dust, an'don't take no stock in de monkeys.

I can look any one ob 'em in de face widout a blush for my family, an'say, 'Go long 'bout your business, you ole eater ob peanuts, you ain't no fust cousin ob mine.'I can stan'in front ob a whole cage ob dese funny little fellers, an'don't feel no family sympathy stirrin'in my heart.

De fust chapter of Genesis is good 'nuff fur me belubbed.

Pass de box."Every man ought to aim at eminence, not by pulling others down, but by raising himself up.

The boys and girls of these mountains cannot be made slaves.

They have come through a lineage that knew what freedom was worth and how to contend for it.

Moses Tliatcher.

Our physical well being, our moral worth, our social happiness, our political tranquility, all depend upon the control of our appetites and passions, which the ancients designated by the cardinal virtue of Temperance.

Burke.

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

WEBER COUNTY.

II.

Immediately after the organization of this board, the members entered upon their labors in real earnest, and took into consideration the best measures calculated to promote the interests of the young in these associations.

Having decided upon the proper course to pursue, appointments were made in a number of the surrounding settlements.

On Sunday, April 28, they visited and organized the associations in Slaterville, Marriotts and Lynne, and in the evening visited the association at Mound Fort which was already organized.

On Sunday, May 8, the board met and organized the associations in Harrisville and North

Ogden;

and in each place the young manifested by their presence, their appreciation of the privileges placed within their reach.

On the first day of June, 1878, the first number of the second volume of the Amateur was issued in a greatly enlarged and improved form.

Jos. A.

West being editor.

The subscription was placed at one dollar a year and it received a wide circulation throughout the county;

R. A.

Ballantyne was the business manager.

The paper, as before, was devoted to the improvement of the young,many of whom availed themselves of the privilege of writing for its columns, The programme of exercises was published in it for the guidance of the societies, together with other association intelligence.

A prize essay column was also introduced which created a commendable spirit of emulation among the contributors and greatly added to the interest of the paper.

The central board had regular meetings in which much interest was taken, and in the exercises of which many took part, making them of absorbing interest.

The labors of the board extended to all the societies in the county, and the different settlements were often visited by them when the good advice given was greatly appreciated by the members.

The publication of the Amateur was continued for one year until May 5th, 1879, at which date there had been issued fifteen thousand copies at a cost for publication, alone, of over one thousand dollars;

all other work had been done gratuitously by members of the association.

It then suspended and has not been resumed in the shape it was before, but a general magazine for the societies of the whole territory has supplanted it, we refer to the excellent publication, the "Contributor,"published by Junius F. Wells, at Salt Lake City.

The central board has continued under the presidency of Elder Jos. A. West, up to the present time, to perform diligently the labors for which it was organized.

Changes have been made in the officers on account of other duties that its members have been called upon to perform.

The county is to-day divided into seven circuits of two, three and four societies each, making a total of twenty-one societies, with a membership of over eight hundred.

These circuits have a conference quarterly, at which time the central board meets with the societies of the circuit, giving useful instructions concerning the topic of Mutual Improvement.

The meetings are held in the wards alternately, so that each ward has the privilege of having a quarterly conference in its turn.

Inter-missionary labor is also kept up between the wards of the circuit, which has a tendency to exercise the young in public speaking.

Every three months a quarterly conference is held in Ogden, where all the societies are represented and reports are heard from the presidents.

There are eight libraries in the county and eight manuscript papers published.

During the past year sixtysix thousand one hundred and twentyeight chapters have been read, seven hundred and eighty-three lectures given and six hundred and thirty-five testimonies borne.

The forenoon of the circuit conference is occupied in exercises of the societies composing the circuit.

These

ASSOCIATION HISTORY.

are of a highly interesting character, and nothing so tends to give a person joy at the improvement and labors of the young as attending these conferences throughout the county.

The afternoon meetings are occupied in hearing instructions from the central board; who are always well entertained and received by the societies.

As a rule in these meetings one or more manuscript papers are read, and throughout the Stake these are doing much good in teaching the young to use the pen successfully.

In listening to them one is often struck with the orginality of the articles and the sound advice therein contained.

The societies are laboring not only in this way but in many other ways for the furtherance of mutual improvement.

Many of them have organized and are farming for the benefit of the associations. Thus we have instances where associations have by united effort, and without any expense, except their own labors, been able to raise grain to the amount of many dollars, which have been spent for the purchase of libraries.

From these they have interested themselves during their leisure time in winter, and thus where much valuable time was formerly spent in idleness, it is now spent in useful study.

The consequences are we are growing better and wiser.

The central board is laboring diligently among the associations, making suggestions here and there, and are untiring in their mission of good.

In the early part of May a meeting of the presidents of the various societies was held in Ogden for the purpose of considering the propriety of changing the nature of the exercises of the quarterly conferences held in Ogden, to conform with those of the circuits.

It was agreed that each society should be required to take a part in the exercises determined upon.

Each society was to prepare a manuscript paper, selections from which were to be read in connection with the other exercises.

The committee on programme adopted for the first following conference, held July 10, 1881

Opening exercises:

1.

Faith, First Ward;

2. Music;

3. Repentance, Plain City;

4. Reading from Essays;

5. Ancient Profane History, Third Ward 6. Music 7. Baptism, Huntsville;

8. Church History, Hooper;

9. Gift of the Holy Ghost, Harrisville;

10. Music, instrumental and vocal furnished by North Ogden;

11. Sketch of the organizations by E. H. Anderson.

The following were chosen to arrange programmes for other conferences: Chas.

Wright, Jas.

Storey, G. R. Belnap, L.

A. Herrick, and F. E. Barker.

The following are the present members of the central board, December, 1 881.

Jos. A.

West, President;

E. N. Freeman, First Counselor, L.

A, Herrick, Second Counselor;

A. T. Wright, Corresponding Secretary;

E. H. Anderson, Recording Secretary;

John L. Wilson, Treasurer.

The associations in the county to-day are in a good condition and are continually improving in the work of God.

Many of the members are on missions to foreign countries, and it is a noticeable fact, that all who are prominent young men in the county are or have been members of these associations.

From the reports that have been received, thousands of chapters have been read by the members of each society, and as a whole the amount of reading done, since the organization, has been very great.

From present appearances the good will continue to increase until all the young will be members of these societies, and the great good, at first confined to a few, be scattered abroad to all.

We can not help but think that the early laborers in this cause will be honored.

That they will be looked back to as staunch laborers in a righteous cause.

That when mutual improvement shall be the rule among young and old and its effects shall be seen among all the youth of Zion, the early founders of the associations will be honored, as such people should be honored, who labor to rear the young in truth and virtue.

E. H. Anderson.

The closing scene in the life of Mozart, is one of the most touching ever recorded.

Fie seems to have suffered all his life from the fear and dread of death.

He had been employed upon

RELIGION AT HOME.

his "requiem"several weeks, all the while his soul was filled with the richest melody.

After giving to his requiem its last touch, and breathing into it the soul of undying harmony, which was to consecrate it through all time as his cygnean strain, he fell into a gentle slumber.

At length the light footstep of his daughter Emily awoke him.

"Come hither, my Emily,"he said; "my task is done, the requiem my requiem is finished.""Say not so, dear father,"said the gentle girl, as the tears stood in her large and lustrous eyes "you must be better, father, for even now there is a glow upon your cheek.""Do not deceive yourself my darling child,"said the dying father; "this wasted form can never be restored by human aid to God alone I look for help in this my dying hour.

My Emily,"continued the father, "take these my last notes and sit down by the piano and sing them to me with the hymn of thy sainted mother.

Let me hear those dear tones once more which have so long been my solace and delight."The daughter sat down and, with a voice enriched with tenderest emotion, sang the following lines Spirit, thy labor is o'er;

Thy earthly probation is run Thy steps are now bound for the untrodden shore, And the race of immortals begun.

Spirit, look not on the strife

Or the pleasures of earth with regret

Pause not on the threshold of limitless life

To mourn for the day that is set.

Spirit, no fetter can bind, No wicked have power to molest;

There the weary, like thee, the wretched shall find A haven—a mansion of rest.

Spirit, how bright is the road,

For which thou art now on the wing;

Thy home it will be with thy father and God,

Their loud alleluiahs to sing.

As she concluded, she dwelt for a moment upon the low melancholy notes of the piece, and then, turning from the piano, looked in silence for the approving smile of her father.

It was the still passionless smile, which the wrapt and joyous spirit had left, with the seal of death, upon those beautiful features;

for the great musician was dead.

RELIGION AT HOME The influence of religious thought and theory is more potent in the home circle than in any other, of man's daily life.

It may be said to be the foundation upon which all the domestic virtues rest, and yet how little does it seem to enter into the composition of many homes.

Its suggestions are not always heeded, its requirements are not always filled, its spirit is not always cultivated, nor are its fruits every where seen, or, in any place, found in two lavish abundance.

The young men and women who have membership in our mutual improvement associations will be the future fathers and mothers of our community, they will leave the homes of childhood and youth, and jointly create homes which they will call their own.

Marriage, while an expected duty, is the assumption of a position of responsibility, its portals can be entered on due reflection, or its duties may be commenced in a thoughtless mood, yet a momentary glance will show it to be the most important step in the life of either man or woman.

Not alone is the manhood and womanhood of "the high contracting parties"involved, but the lives of their poster^', and the circle and community in which they reside will be affected by the momentous step.

Marriage was ordained of God, it is a divine institution, existing not in time only and on the earth, but it belongs to the eternities of the past, and will exist in the eternities of the future, hence in its origin and continuance it should always be invested with and glorified by the observances and sanction of religion.

There are those who consider that love, is the one grand and necessary element

RELIGION AT HOME.

in the institution of marriage, and that where this is, that the authoritative aid, whether civil or ecclesiastical, is superfluous, and that submission to either, is obedience simply to custom or fashion, or to confer legality ugon the act.

But experience shows that much of what is called love is but the glamour and fascination that belong to sex; that rarely is reason and judgment exercised in the selection of a companion and helpmate for life, and rarely on either side are the characteristics exhibited taken into account.

Some, seeing this have said, that, "many a marriage begins like a rosy morning and falls away like a snow wreath,"because of the intangible foundation upon which this supposed love was based.

There are reflections growing out of the religion of Jesus Christ, which will bear continuous thought in regard to this relationship, the sexes are eternal and marriage is for the continuation of life, hence all who have entered that state should be fairly posted in regard to the functions of procreation.

When generation approaches perfection there will probably be less necessity for regeneration;

for those born aright there may be less necessity for their being born again;

and it seems from observations and revelations as if the Father realized that his children had in a great measure departed from him, and sunk by self-indulgence the higher attributes of manhood in subordination to the lower.

It is a fact which none can gainsay, that the spiritual faculties of man have for ages become more and more dormant, the animal portion of man's nature has acquired ascendancy, until heaven has become beyond the ordinary thought or reach of the masses of our race.

Indulgence of passion, appetite and taste, proves the perversion of the powers of being, and the premature death of parents and children demonstates the waning power and continuity of life.

One of the early revelations given in this age aimed to reduce the sensual tendencies of a fallen condition, and to deprive the passionate or base brain of many an accustomed stimulus.

The "Word of Wisdom"was given in the interests of regeneration, and a strict observance of this, in the economy of life, will cool the ardor of passion and desire, while loftier thoughts of creative power, as shrined in the marriage covenant, will suggest appropriate season and thoughtful purpose in the Godlike pursuit of desirable parentage.

Not only so, but as the enlightening influence of the divine spirit is increased in the new formed circle of connubial life, so will the sacredness of the prospective mother be enchanced, and every unhallowed thought and feeling will in passing, leave to nature and to God, that which will be sanctified even "from the mother's womb."Further, as a still more potent aid in the work of physical and spiritual regeneration, comes the philosophical revelation of the patriarchal order of marriage. A division of hereditary tendencies will surely act with cumulative power upon posterity, and while it may truthfully be said of modern lascivious monogamy that "the foundation of prostitution is in the marriage bed,"it can as truly be said that in the patriarchal order, toned by obedience to every "Word of Wisdom,"and honored in the spirit of sanctified self-restraint, there will be such increase in real virtue, purity and chastity, that from prospective motherhood, to completed lactation of the given of heaven, every feeling will be in approaching harmony to the natural and every where exhibited conditions of increase.

In the overcoming of perverted instincts, in bringing into Godlike order this marvelous function of fatherhood and motherhood, how would our selfrespect be increased, how would there be a greater exhibition of manly vigor in the performance of the duties of our then more enjoyable life; and how would the lassitude and ennui of wifehood become as a memory of the everpast;

how would depleted function, give place to rosy health;

and how would the numbers be reduced of those we call and mourn for as "our early dead?"Oh what hecatombs of the purest and most affectionate of womankind, and what un-

i 44 OTTERS.

counted hosts of short sweet lives have been offered up at the shrine of passion, ignorance and irreligion The spirit of true religion, the teachings of a God-given faith, the authority of a divine Priesthood, ministering around the sacred altar of enlightened homes, will in consideration of the marriage covenant, in realizing its creative power, its enduring character, become more orderly, more heavenly, or more decidedly a reflex of that which glows behind the vail.

A home without religion is a world without its sun, life is bleak and limited;

in crude forms only it greets the longing vision, but when warmed by true love, based on true conceptions, and animated by the true spirit, it becomes prolific of verdure, weighted with its wealth of fruit; and yet the earthly harvest (even at its best) is but prophetic of that Home, where knowledge is perfect and wisdom is "our righthand man,"we shall enjoy all the potency of a religion heaven created and also heaven controlled.

//.

IV. Naisbitt.

None scale the rank of mediocrity but by self sacrifice.

OTTERS.

Among the animals that live partly in the water and partly on the land, that can run about on the shore and breathe the air just as well as we can, and yet dive under the water and swim like a fish, one of the most interesting is the otter.

A common otter is about the size of a small dog, having a narrow body two feet long, and very short legs.

It is covered with handsome fur next to its skin, and outside of this there is a coat of long, coarse hair.

As this animal is very fond of the water, and lives principally on fish, it makes its home on the shore of a creek or river.

This home is a hole underground, generally quite close to the water.

The entrance to the burrow is always under water, and leads upward to the main apartment, which is dug out as high up in a bank as possible, so that, in case of a flood in the stream, the water will not rise up along the entrance-way and into the otter's house.

Sometimes the animal makes two or three chambers, one above another, so that, in case the water should rise in a lower room, he and his family could go up higher, and keep dry.

He does not mind being under the water for a time, but he can not live under water.

From the top of his house up to the surface of the ground, he makes a small hole to let in air;

so, you see, the otter is a very clever creature.

The entrance to his house is hidden under water, where no dog nor other enemy is likely to find it, or to get in if they do find it; and his home is so well planned that some part of it is always dry and well ventilated.

When the otter wants his supper—for, as he eats at night, it may be said that he takes neither breakfast nor dinner—he slips quietly into the water, and as soon as he sees a fish, he gives chase to it.

He has large, full eyes, like a seal's, and he can see in the water as well as on land.

He is web-footed, and his long, flexible body and stout tail enable him to move through the water with a motion very much like that of a fish.

He can thus swim very fast, and few fish are able to escape him.

During the day-time, the otter generally stays quiet in his burrow, but at night he comes out, and makes it very lively for the fish.

Sometimes, when fish are scarce, he will do his midnight hunting on land, and will be glad to catch a chicken or any other small animal he may meet.

If an otter is caught when it is quite young, it may be tamed.

I once saw a couple of tame ones in New York, and they were as lively and playful as a pair of terrier dogs.

Sometimes tame otters are trained to catch fish for their masters.

In this kind of fishing, the

OTTERS.

otter slips quietly into the water, and generally catches first all the fish he wants to eat himself.

When he has had enough, he brings the next one he catches to his master.

A very well-trained otter will go into the water several times in this way, and frequently will bring out a large fish each time.

Otters are occasionally employed by fishermen who use nets.

The nets are first set, and then the otters go into the water and drive the fish into the nets, where they are caught.

There is a story told of a man in England who had a tame otter which followed him about on shore like a dog, and which, also, used to fish for him.

The two companions would go out on the river in a boat, when the otter would jump overboard, and bring fish back to the man.

If the animal stayed away too long, his master would call him by his name, and he would immediately return.

One day the man was away from home, and his young son thought it would be a good idea to take his father's otter and go fishing.

So he took the little animal into the boat, and rowed out upon the river.

The otter jumped into the river exactly as he used to do for the boy's father, but he stayed below a long time, and when the boy called him he did not come back.

Either he did not know his name when spoken by a strange voice, or he did not like the boy well enough to come back to him, for he remained out of sight, and after the boy had called him in vain for a long time, he was obliged to return to shore without him.

Several days after this, the man was walking along the river-bank near the place where his son had gone fishing.

He was greatly grieved at the loss of his pet otter, and I expect the boy had been whipped.

The man stood at the edge of the water, and began to call the otter by his name.

He did not think there was any particular use in doing this, but it reminded him of his little friend and of old fishing times.

But you can scarcely imagine his astonishment when, in a few moments, his faithful otter came swimming out of the water, and lay down on the shore at his feet.

If he had brought a string offish along with him, I do not think the man could have been more surprised and delighted.

In India and some other Eastern countries, this fishing with tame otters is made quite a business.

Bishop Heber tells us that on the bank of a river in Hindostan he once saw eight or nine fine large otters tied to stakes driven into the sand.

These handsome fellows were either lying asleep on the shore or swimming about in the water as far as their ropes would let them.

It is likely that when these otters were used for fishing, their native masters did not set them loose and allow them to swim about as they pleased; but made them go into the water with the long cord still fastened to their necks.

In this way the otter could swim far enough to catch fish, and his master would be always sure of having his otter, whether he got any fish or not.

In England, otter-hunting used to be a favorite amusement, and in some parts of the country it is carried on yet.

A certain kind of dog, called the otter hound, is especially trained for this sport and the hunters use short spears.

Some of the hunters and dogs go on one side of the stream where otters are expected to be found, and some on the other.

If an otter has recently been along the bank, the dogs catch his scent, and they bark and howl, and scratch the ground, and the men shout and beat the reedy bushes and the shore until the poor otter is frightened out of his house, and takes to the water.

But here he is discovered by the bubbles of air which come up where he is breathing, and the men wade into the stream and strike at the place where they suppose the otter is.

The dogs, too, sometimes go into the water, and in this way the otter is either killed or driven ashore.

When he goes on land he generally shows fight, and the dogs often have a very hard time before he is killed.

There are otters, however, which are much better worth hunting than the common otter.

These are the great seaotters, which are found in the regions about Behring's Straits and in Kamschatka, also in some of the waters of South America.

These are much larger

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

than the common otter, some of them weighing seventy or eighty pounds.

These animals are hunted for the sake of their fur, which is very valuable, and they are probably not so active and difficult to kill as the common otter, which has so many enemies that it is obliged to be very cunning and courageous.

Up in those cold regions where the sea otter lives, he is only occasionally disturbed by man, and probably never by any other creature.

These otters do not appear to pursue ordinary fish in the water, but feed upon lobsters and other shell-fish.

Sea-otters are said to be very affectionate to their young, but it is not likely that they are more so than the common otter; the difference probably is that the sea-otter is much less wild and shy than the common otter, and its habits and disposition toward its young are therefore more easily observed.

Ordinary young otters, even when mere infants, will, at the slightest sign of danger, pop into the water with their parents, and come up in some spot among the reeds and grass where it is impossible to see them.

There is an animal in this country which is placed by some writers in the otter tribe, although we do not generally consider it as such.

This is the mink, or minx, and it is a great deal more troublesome to us than any ordinary otter for it does not confine itself to catching fish, but will come into the barn-yard and kill chickens or any other poultry it can lay hold of.

Its work, like that of the common otter, is done at night.

The fur of all the otter family is soft and valuable, and if it were not for this fact, there would probably be a great many more otters in the world than there are now.

St. Nicholas.

Some souls are in danger of being lost, because they are too small to be discovered: we suppose the Lord would not object to saving them, if he could find them.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

IV The news brought on the twenty-fourth of July, soon spread throughout the Territory.

No people threatened with the invasion of their domain, the overthrow of their institutions and the destruction of their leaders, ever viewed the hostile attitude of a great foe, with less apprehension, as to results, than did the people of Utah.

They had an abiding faith that the time had come when the favor of the Lord of Hosts would be manifested in their preservation, and rested secure in the belief that President Young's prediction of ten years previous would surely be fulfilled.

He publicly stated on that occasion that if our enemies would leave us alone for ten years, we would ask no odds of them.

The people needed at least ten years respite from the drivings and burnings and murderings that had driven them from state to state and finally from the realm of civilization into the unknown wilderness of the West.

They had profited by the period of peace they had enjoyed and their love of freedom was promoted and increased by the untrammelled exercise of its blessings for so long a time.

Besides this, the spirit of liberty, which is characteristic ofmountain regions, was everywhere declared, even in the very elements, to predominate over every other influence.

A people situated as ours were, with the favor of God to rely upon and unwavering confidence in their leaders, were too strongly fortified for an aggressor to ever make much head against them.

Our people felt that they had suffered the yoke of mobocratic rule long enough and they declared, in unmistakable language, their determination to resist the effort of the governmentrto again expose them to the rapacious plunderers, who sought their lives, their homes, and were bent upon their humiliation and destruction.

The puplic discourses of those days following the "Twenty-fourth,"breathed this spirit, and it was taken up and carried to every household.

THE ECHO CAJVOJV WAR.

When Captain Van Vliet, the first official personage sent from the army headquarters, arrived in Salt Lake City, September 8, he found the people in this condition. He was however welcomed and received many courtesies and testimonials of kindness, which his gentlemanly deportment justified.

He mingled quite freely with the inhabitants of the city during his stay, partaking of their bounties, and having a very pleasant time. We subjoin his official report of his visit, as showing the object for which he came and the spirit of the people that he was sent to deal with.

It was addressed to Captain Pleasanton, Assistant Adjutant General, Army for Utah, Fort Leavenworth,

Kansas.

Ham's Fork, September 16, 1857.

Captain:

I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general, the result of my trip to the Territory of Utah.

In obedience to special instructions, dated headquarters army for Utah, Fort

Leavenworth, July 28, 1857, I left Fort Leavenworth, July ip, and reached Fort

Kearney in nine traveling days, Fort Laramie in ten, and Great Salt Lake City in.thirty-three and a half. At Fort Kearney

I was detained one day by the changes I had to make and by sickness, and at Fort

Laramie three days, as all the animals were forty miles from the post, and when brought in all had to be shod before they could take the road.

I traveled as rapidly as it is possible to do with six mule wagons.

Several of my teams broke down, and at least half of my animals are unserviceable and will remain so until they recruit.

During my progress towards Utah I met many people from that Territory, and also several mountain men at Green River, and all informed me that I would not be allowed to enter Utah, and if I did I would run great risk of losing my life.

I treated all this, however, as idle talk, but it induced me to leave my wagons and escort at Ham's

Fork, 143 miles this side of the city, and proceed alone.

I reached Great Salt Lake City without molestation, and immediately upon my arrival I informed Governor Brigham Young that I desired an interview, which he appointed for the next day.

On the evening of the day of my arrival Governor Young, with many of the leading men of the city, called upon me at my quarters.

The governor received me most cordially and treated me during my stay, which continued some six days,with the greatest hospitality and kindness.

In this interview the governor made known to me his views with regard to the approach of the United States troops, in plain and unmistakable language.

He stated that the Mormons had been persecuted, murdered and robbed in Missouri and Illinois both by the mob and State authorities, and that now the United

States were about to pursue the same course, and that, therefore, he and the people of Utah had determined to resist all persecution at the commencement, and that the troops now on the march for

Utah shouldnot enter the Great Salt Lake valley.

As he uttered these words all present concurred most heartily in what he said.

The next day, as agreed upon, I called upon the governor and delivered in person the letter with which I had been intrusted.

In that interview, and in several subsequent ones, the same determination to resist to the death the entrance of the troops into the valley was expressed by

Governor Young and those about him.

The governor informed me that there was abundance of everything I required for the troops, such as lumber, forage, etc., but that none would be sold to us.

In the course of my conversations with the governor and influential men in the Territory, I told them plainly and frankly what I conceived would be the result of their present course.

I told them that they might prevent the small military force now approaching Utah from getting through the narrow defiles and rugged passes of the mountains this year, but that next season the United States government would send troops sufficient to overcome all opposition.

The answer to this was invariably the same: "We are aware that such will be the case;

but when those troops arrive they will find Utah a

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

desert.

Every house will be burned to the ground, every tree cut down, and every field laid waste.

We -have three years provisions on hand, which we will 'cache,'and then take to the mountains and bid defiance to all the powers of the government."I attended their service on Sunday, and, in course of a sermon delivered by Elder Taylor, he referred to the approach of the troops and declared they should not enter the Territory.

He then referred to the probability of an overpowering force being sent against them, and desired all present, who would apply the torch to their own buildings, cut down their trees, and lay waste their fields, to hold up their hands.

Every hand, in an audience numbering over four thousand persons, was raised at the same moment.

During my stay in the city I visited several families, and all with whom

I was thrown looked upon the present movement of the troops towards their Territory as the commencement of another religious persecution, and expressed a fixed determination to sustain Governor Young in any measures he might adopt.

From all these facts I am forced to the conclusion that Governor Young and the people of Utah will prevent, if possible, the army for Utah from entering their Territory this season.

This, in my opinion, will not be a difficult task, owing to the lateness of the season, the smallness of our force, and the defences that nature has thrown around the valleyof the

Great Salt Lake. There is but one road running into the valley on the side which our troops are approaching, and for over fifty miles it passes through narrow canons and over rugged mountains which a small force could hold against great odds.

I am inclined, however, to believe that the Mormons will not resort to actual hostilities until the last moment.

Their plan of operations will be to burn the grass, cut up the roads, and stampede the animals, so as to delay the troops until snow commences to fall, which will render the road impassable.

Snow falls early in this region; in fact last night it commenced falling at Fort Bridget and this morning the sorrounding mountains are clothed in white.

Were it one month earlier in the season, I believe the troops could force their way in, and they may be able to do so even now; but the attempt will be fraught with considerable danger, arising from the filling up of the canons and passes with snow.

1 do not wish it to be considered that I am advocating either the one course or the other.

I simply wish to lay the facts before the General, leaving it to his better judgment to decide upon the proper movements.

Notwithstanding my inability to make the purchases I was ordered to, and all that Governor Young said in regard to opposing the entrance of the troops into the valley,

I examined the country in the vicinity of the city with the view of selecting a proper military site.

I visited the military reserve, Rush valley, but found it, in my opinion, entirely unsuitable for a military station.

It contains but little grass and is very much exposed to the cold winds of winter;

its only advantage being the close proximity of fine wood.

It is too far from the city, being between forty and forty-five miles, and will require teams four days to go there and return.

I examined another point on the road to Rush valley, and only about thirty miles from the city, which I consider a much more eligible position.

It is in Tooele valley,three miles to the north of Tooele city, and possesses wood, water and grass;

but it is occupied by the Mormons, who have some sixty acres under cultivation, with houses and barns on their land.

These persons would have to be dispossessed or bought out.

In fact there is no place within forty, fifty or sixty miles of the city, suitable for a military position, that is not occupied by the inhabitants and under cultivation.

Finding that I could neither make the purchases ordered to, nor shake the determination of the people to resist the authority of the United States, I left the city and returned to my camp on Ham's Fork. On my return

I examined the vicinity of Fort Bridger, and found it a very suitable position for wintering the troops and grazing the animals, should it be necessary to stop at that point.

The Mormons occupy the fort at present, and also have a settlement about ten miles further up Black's fork,

FORMATION OF SOIL.

called Fort Supply.

These two places contain buildings sufficient to cover nearly half the troops now en route for Utah;

but I was informed that they would all be laid in ashes as the army advances.

I have thus stated fully the result of my visit to Utah, and, trusting that my conduct will meet the approval of the commanding general, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, Stewart Van Vliet, Captain, A. Q. M.

FORMATION OF SOIL.

The different kinds of soil are formed, with but few exceptions, by the gradual wearing away and decay of rocks.

This may not seem so evident that we can pass over it without proof.

In most cases, as soon as the rock is transformed into soil, it is washed away by water and soon carried far away from the place of its origin, so that we have some difficulty in finding out how it was formed, but in some places, the soil remains where it is formed, and here we can trace every change from perfect soil to hard rock below.

Very often in such soil veins of flint or hard rock will be found running through the soil, and down into the bed of the rock below, showing that they were once imbedded in solid rock altogether, but being harder than the surrounding material, they resisted the action of the soil forming agents, while the material around them decayed. Again the soil in our valleys and plains, continues to increase from one year to another by deposits brought down by the rivers and mountain streams, that come from parts that are made up wholly of rock, which must therefore gradually wear out, and be carried down by the water.

The agents that bring about these changes exist mostly in the atmosphere.

They are oxygen, a gas that produces nearly all the decay that we notice going on around us, as the rusting of iron and rotting of wood, and vegetable matter;

carbonic acid gas, a substance which, together with water, makes many hard rocks soluble; watery vapor in the atmosphere, existing in greater or less quantity according to the temperature and other causes;

and sometimes ammonia and other substances in small quantities.

The depth of the soil depends to a great extent on the slope of the parent rock.

Where there is little slope, the soil is likely to remain there and accumulate in almost any quantity, but where the slope is great, it is sure to be wasted away by rain or melting snows, and hence will not accumulate at all where it is formed, but will be carried away by the water, and deposited in the mouth of some stream, in the ocean or in the bottom of some lake, where it may collect to an immense thickness.

The process of decay would be very slow, if rocks could not be penetrated by air and water, and the disintegration, could take place only on the surface, but, all rocks are broken up more or less into blocks, by cracks running in different directions, and besides this they are usually composed of porous material, so that there is abundant opportunity for the different agents to find there way to the inside, and there carry on their work of destruction.

Now rocks are composed of different compounds united together in different ways.

Some of these compounds can be dissolved in water, and the others being left without anything to hold them together, become loose soil.

Granite contains, principally, mica, quartz and feldspar.

The quartz is perfectly insoluble, the mica may be acted on by the disintegrating agents, but, the change can take place only at a very slow rate, but the feldspar is much more easily acted upon by these agents, at least a part of it is and this part being dissolved loosens the whole mass and changes it into a bed of clay; the part of the feldspar, that was not dissolved, grains of sand, or the small particles of

i5o FORMATION OF SOIL.

quartz, and bright scales of mica, we always see in sand and clay.

In all countries, when the rocks are composed of granite, the soil is just what we have described it to be above.

In volcanic regions the soil is also very much the same, as the lava thrown out generally contains a great deal of clay.

Limestone is generally composed of small grains united together by means of a cement of the same kind of material.

This cement can not be dissolved in water alone, but when carbonic acid is mixed with it, then the cement can be easily dissolved, and the rock falls to pieces in the shape of soil.

The carbonic acid that is always found in the air, is carried down into the rock along with the water that may pass through the air as rain, or that may exist as a part of the air, in the form of watery vapor; sometimes the limestone contains sand and clay and as these are not changed by the action of the water or carbonic acid, hence the soil is not wholly limestone but contains also these impurities.

Sandstones consist of grains of sand cemented together by means of limestone or an oxide of iron.

In the former case the limestone is easily dissolved out, and a mass of sand remains;

but in the second case the oxide of iron is almost unchangeable, and hence a sandstone whose parts are cemented together by this substance, becomes one of the most useful of our building stones, as for instance the red sandstone, which, though it is very easily cut, is yet acted upon with great difficulty by these agents mentioned above, and in this respect it is quite different from granite, which is very hard to cut, but soon loses a smooth polish by the action of the atmosphere.

When slates decay they generally form a pure clay, as the cementing material is usually nothing more than limestone.

Most soils are composed generally of a mixture of most of the simple forms that have been mentioned above, as they are carried about from one place to another by water, and thus become thoroughly mixed with each other.

Besides these simple ingredients mentioned above, the decay of vegetable matter forms a large part of fertile soils, and also gives them their black color.

The leaves and stems of plants falling to the ground, in the process of decay, are partly turned to charcoal, which being nearly indestructible remains behind, and thus colors the soil.

It is of great importance preserving for the plants that may grow in the immediate vicinity, large quantities of ammonia, a compound that is of the first importance in the development of all forms of vegetation.

Charcoal contains a great many pores, and these have a wonderful power of absorbing gasses, so that when plants decay, the charcoal that is left behind immediately takes up the ammonia as soon as it is formed, and there holds it in readiness to be absorbed by water, and thus carried into the circulation of the plant, where it can be used.

This vegetable mould, from the explanation just given, you will know, is found only near the surface, where the vegetable matter decays.

When those substances that are necessary for the growth of certain plants have been exhausted, many ways are employed to restore what was taken away.

In some few places on the earth's surface, crops may be raised from one season to another, and there seems to be no exhaustion, this is no doubt caused by the fact, that just as fast as the plant takes out what it needs, the rocks by their decay restore what was lost.

Thus near Rome excellent crops of wheat are raised now, on soil cultivated by the Romans over two thousand years ago, and from that time down to the present.

In other cases rivers bring down new layers at different times, and thus replenish the soil, as in the valley of the Nile, where crops have been raised from one year to another, as long as history has preserved any record.

Another method of preserving the fertility of the soil, is by rotation of crops;

that is planting one season a crop that will take from the soil a certain ingredient, and the next season a crop that will take out a different ingredient, so as to give time for the first to be formed in

APOSTACY.

sufficient quantity by the wearing away of the rocks.

In order to carry out this method successfully, one must be well acquainted with the chemical constituents of the soil and plants, and thus we see that to secure the greatest advantages from the soil, the study of chemistry is a valuable assistant.

Large tracts of land are sometimes allowed to lie idle for a number of years, in order to recover, in the manner explained above, what they have lost by exhaustion.

Soils are sometimes produced with the assistance of other agencies, as, for instance, frost in cold countries.

Rocks are penetrated by water through their pores and fissures, and then the cold freezes the water, expands it, and causes the rock to crumble in pieces.

The expansion and contraction produced by heat and cold produce the same result only in a less marked degree.

In St.

Petersburg where they have great extremes between summer and winter, and where there is always plenty of moisture in the atmosphere, a building will decay more in fifty years, than one in Egypt will in three thousand years.

In the latter country they have no rain, and the temperature remains nearly the same all the year round.

J. B.

Toronto.

THE LAWYER'S FEE.

There is a good story of a cotton speculator who once paid a fee several times greater than his lawyer expected.

Soon after the fall of Vicksburg, he became involved with the authorities, who charged him with fraud.

His cotton, which was worth a large sum of money, being seized, he sought the aid of Mr.

Geiger, an influential Ohio lawyer, then visiting the city.

The lawyer in one day satisfied the authorities that there was no fraud, and secured the release of the cotton.

The speculator was gratified, and informed Mr. Geiger that he would see him the next morning after he had finished loading his cotton on a steamboat.

The lawyer retired, but not to sleep.

He was debating with himself what he should charge his client.

The amount involved was large, the speculator would make a handsome fortune, and Geiger thought five hundred dollars would not be an unreasonable fee for his services.

But in the morning, the sum seemed so great for one day's work, that he feared to ask it.

In this frame of mind, while walking out towards the steamer, which was to carry off the cotton, he met the speculator.

"Well, Mr.

Geiger, that was a good day's work you did for me yesterda)',"said the client, taking from his pocket a large roll of bank-notes.

Holding up one knee, he thereon counted off four five-hundred-dollar bills, and without looking up at the lawyer, asked, "Is that enough?"Geiger looked on speechless for a moment, but recovering himself, said, with the habitual coolness of a lawyer, "I guess you had better lay on another!"It was laid on, and Geiger, putting the two thousand five hundred dollars in his pocket bid the speculator good-bye.

APOSTACY.

The subject of the apostacy occupies the minds of people of modern times but very little.

This however is not surprising when we consider their views relating to the Church of Christ;

for they claim a continuation of Divine Authority and the plan of salvation, from the apostolic age to the present time, the idea prevailing among them that the Bible alone is a sufficient guide, without immediate and continued revelation.

In this respect the position of the Latterday Saints is widely different from all other religious denominations now extant, bearing no relationship to any religious sect, but on the other hand declaring in words of soberness, that our Heavenly Father has restored the Gospel by mod-

APOSTACY.

em revelation, to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

This being true there must have been a departure from the true order of the Gospel.

To prove that such is the case, we will refer to the predictions of holy writ, "Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation, for the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost."The Savior said when addressing his disciples: "And then shall many be offended and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another and many false prophets shall rise and shall deceive many, and because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold."—Matthew xxiv, 10-12.

To this testimony of Matthew concerning the words of the Savior in relation to the subject under consideration there will be found the corresponding testimonies of Mark and Luke.

It will be remembered that this testimony of the Lord was in answer to a very important question.

When he had foretold the overthrow of the Temple, His apostles asked Him:

"When shall these things be, and what shall be the sign of Thy coming, and of the end of the world?"The appearance of false proprophets;

the deception of many;

the martyrdom of the Apostles; the betrayal of the saints, one of another;

the love of many waxing cold; the overwhelming prevalence of iniquity;

the universal discord and contentions of the nations, all were to be prominent events to transpire before the advent of the

Savior to reign in power and glory upon the earth.

To this we will add the words of Paul:

"Now we beseech you brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition."—2 Thes.

ii, 1-8.

It is evident from the above that some were likely to be deceived with regard to the time of His second coming.

Paul to prevent their being misled by false teachers who were likely predicting the Saviors advent, testified that there should come a "falling away first."The language is so express that one can readily see, that nothing but a departure from the unchangeable plan of salvation would fulfil this prediction.

We read in the Scriptures that "God hath set some in the Church, first apostles, secondarily Prophets,"and other officers, all of whom were divinely inspired "for the work of the ministry,"with spiritual gifts following the baptized believers.

Only a short time elapsed, however, before these officers, principles, gifts and blessings mentioned in the New Testament, were not to be found in the midst of the earth, and when we examine the religious institutions of the present time, no where are they now to be found save with the Latter-day Saints.

The present generation then is as those of many centuries past have been, living witnesses to the verification of the words we have quoted.

When Paul was about to depart from Miletus, he called unto him the Elders of the Church from the city of Ephesus, and in his farewell address he warned them as appears in the following words, "For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock, also of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them,"Acts xx, 29, 30.

As an evidence that this prophecy was being verified, and that as early as the time of the Apostle John's banishment upon the Isle of Patmos, we will quote from the second chapter of Revelations first and fifth verses: "Unto the angel of the Church of Ephesus write;

Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent and do the first works."By reading the second verse we discover that false teachers had arisen among the people, professing to be apostles, thus verifying the words of Paul.

By reading the context we discover that similar reproofs were meted

RETROSPECTION.

out to most of the branches of the Church in Asia, because they were departing from the truth.

Peter, also, the presiding Apostle, has spoken very plainly relating to the Apostacy.

Beginning with the first verse of the second chapter of his second epistle, we read. "But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction, and many shall follow their pernicious ways, by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of, and through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandize of you, whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not and their damnation slumbereth not."

From this we learn not only that false teachers should arise among the people, but that they should succeed in deceiving the people and causing many to follow their pernicious ways.

In connection with this part of the subject, Paul says to Timothv;

"For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears, and they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned unto fables,"2 Timothy, iv, 3, 4. Thus it is clearly stated not only that men should arise "speaking perverse things,"and succeed in their evil designs in making innovations upon the teachings of the Apostles, but that the people themselves would be so allured from the way of life as to heap unto themselves these false teachers, so that many would adhere to their spurious doctrines.

The terms heap and many do not signify a few but a great number.

The above quotations from the holy Scriptures bear especially upon the internal eruptions, that occurred in the Church, causing many to depart from the straight and narrow path, which leadeth unto life eternal.

Those causes, which create internal division and discord in the midst of the Saints are the worst of all causes, for "A house divided against itself cannot stand."Matthias F. Cowley.

RETROSPECTION.

The pale, dull sun of FebruaryTinging with mellow light,

The landscape drear, and mountain tops,

Grand in their sheen of white,

Lights up the day with glim'ring ray,

And fadeth into night.

The shadows lay along the walls,

Gloomy and dark they seem, And fitfully the sunset rays, Adown the casement stream, And the tired mind to rest inclin'd;

Would fain at twilight dream.

Call up some vision of the past

Glowing with life and light, Some rosy-hued and brilliant scene

In dazzling splendor bright;

A pleasant phase, of other days,

And friends now lost to sight.

Ah!

pause—for from the years gone by

A dear familiar face, The twilight shrouds in shadow,

And seemingly we trace The outlines clear, of one most dear,

Crowned with a mystic grace.

And thoughts rush back the long ago,

And we hasten as of yore, To catch the music of the hours,

That will return no more;

And 'mid the flow'rs of childhood's bowr's,

Our hearts are gushing o'er.

We close the ideal vision, With memories so replete;

And fancy the night-wind sighing

A requiem low and sweet;

And as we part, the tear-drops start,

The spell is so complete.

We'll meet the absent one again;

O faith thy glorious ray, Brighter than sunshine floods the soul,

And lights the darkest day With beams divine, that constant shine,

Athwart the roughest way.

Emtnelinc B.

Wells.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, February, 1882.

MEMORIALS TO CONGRESS.

The passage by the Senate of the United States of the Edmunds bill, the full text of which was received by telegraph, thoroughly awakened the people of our Territory to the enormous wrongs threatened to be perpetrated upon us, and to the necessity of more fully representing our position and our claims for fair treatment.

With this object in view the officers of the Relief Society, and the Young Men's and Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Associations and a select committee, representing the citizens in general, were requested to prepare suitable petitions to Congress, setting forth, briefly, the feelings of all classes of our population and requesting that honorable body to pause and investigate before legislating away the rights of an innocent and upright community.

These committees met on Monday, February 20th, and compared the various petitions they had prepared.

On that occasion President John Taylor made the following remarks:

It has been thought proper that the Relief Society and the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations each get up a petition to Congress, and lay before that body the position we occupy in relation to the matters that are disturbing the nation, to present to them a few salient points, that they may be able to act advisedly.

We call upon these various societies to circulate the petitions, to have the whole

Territory canvassed and the signatures of all connected with our associations, as well as any others who may wish to sign them, procured.

We will then forward the petitions to Congress.

It is better in the midst of this excitement caused by so many falsehoods and mendacious statements of priests and politicians, all of whom are seeking our destruction, for us, at least, to lay before Congress the facts, plainly and definitely, that they may have the opportunity to judge from fact instead of falsehood and misrepresentation.

When we have done this we shall then feel we have done our duty to God, our brethren and the world and we shall leave the event in the hands of God, for Him to act as may seem best in His sight.

I would state that we have no fears as to the result;

the crisis has to come sometime.

We have to be brought to the test and this nation has to be brought to the test.

Whether this is the time or not it is not for me to say.

If it is, we are perhaps as well prepared to meet it now as we will be at any other time.

As for myself I do not feel to shrink from results.

We know this kingdom will roll forth.

We know that Zion will be established.

We know the nations will be overthrown and that God's rule will be introduced and that it will pravail.

When Israel was oppressed in Egypt they did not dictate to the Almighty as to the course they should pursue, but He dictated to Israel.

They acted their part and were willing to carry out His will.

We wish to act our part and stand ready to carry out the word and will of God.

We go in for liberty, freedom and human rights for all men, and when the kingdon of God is established all men will possess their rights;

the right to worship God as they please, the right of franchise and all other inalienable rights pertaining to the human family.

It is for us to struggle for these principles, and while we wish to cast no aspersions on the rulers of the government, at the same time we wish to lay before them, respectfully, our views, protesting against unconstitutional measures that men seek to bring upon us.

The Young Men's and Young Ladies'petitions, before this will be read, will have been circulated throughout the

EDITORIAL.

Territory, by express and telegraph, and will have received, doubtless, ten thousand signatures each.

They are as follows:

To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress Assembled:

Your petitioners, the young men of the

Territory of Utah respectfully represent:

That our present interests and future prospects in life are dependent upon the undisturbed peace and prosperity of our

Territory.

That we are the sons of parents who have braved the dangers and overcome the difficulties incident to pioneering and settling a new, sterile and forbidding country; who have made human habitation in the valleys of the great Rocky Mountain basin a possibility; who have labored with untiring industry under many hardships to create homes for their families, in which we have been nurtured and cared for; who have denied themselves many comforts to educate and train their children in useful arts and industries; who have ever thrown around our paths in life the benign influences of home—there are no homeless children in Utah—of religion, of industry, of honor, of patriotism and the broadest and kindest expressions of humanity;

who have shielded us from the groveling forms of vice that tempt and allure to destruction the unprotected and disowned, who, without name or home, lie in the streets of the great cities and upon the highways of the outside world, a reproach to civilization and mankind.

Under the protection, wise legislation and humane administration of our fathers, our Territory enjoys the blessings of peace and abundance, and we have been started upon the highroad of prosperity and success with bodies untainted by disease, with hearts in which faith and the consciousness of divine approval dwell, with minds open to conviction of truth and untrammelled by dogmas or superstitions that clog progressive thought and fill the soul with fear.

We love and honor our parents, who have thus provided in our childhood for our welfare in active life.

Now, therefore, in duty to them and ourselves, having the continued peace and prosperity of our Territory at heart and valuing liberty and the rights of conscience above life, we, the young men of Utah, earnestly remonstrate against the calumnies and misrepresentations of unprincipled men, who would have the world believe that we are curtailed in the enjoyment of American freedom and fettered in chains forged by priestly fanatics.

We deny that undue influence is exercised by any authority over our thoughts or actions.

We deny that duty to our religion and to our country leads us in opposite directions, or that it can possibly do so while the charter of American liberty remains the supreme law.

We deny that the religious institution of plural marriage, as practised by our parents, and to which many of us owe our existence, debases, pollutes, or in any way degrades those who enter into it.

On the contrary we solemnly affirm, and challenge successful contradiction, that plural marriage is a sacred religious ordinance and that its practice has given to thousands honorable names and peaceful homes, where Christian precepts and virtuous practices have been uniformly inculcated and the spirit of human liberty and religious freedom fostered from the cradle to maturity.

In consideration of these facts, and in the name of justice we hereby solemnly memorialize your honorable body to refrain from enacting laws that reflect upon the marital relations of our parents, and that, however specific the provisions to the contrary, stigmatize us in the opinion of the world;

to refrain from enacting laws that will enslave a large proportion of the citizens of our Territory, that will gall and fret the spirit of liberty which we inherit and are bound to entertain and that will take from us, for no offense, the privileges and blessings of local free government, so necessary to the happiness and well being of an American community.

We ask you to secure to us the rights the liberties and the blessings of freemen

IN MEMORIAM.

and to pause before foisting upon us an unrepublican government, placing strangers, by appointment, to rule over us, and sacrificing the interests, the feelings, the happiness and freedom of the great majority of the citizens of our Territory to the greed and cupidity of a reckless minority; and your petitioners as in duty bound will ever pray.

To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress Assembled:

Whereas, Certain bills are now pending before your honorable body, which, if passed, will break up happy homes and families and produce untold misery, sorrow and suffering; will deprive us of the kind, fostering care of honorable, upright, God-fearing fathers, and drive forth our precious, loving mothers as outcasts as those who have no right to the honored name of wife, and also cast opprobrium upon many of us as illegitimate; and, Whereas, The passage of such bills would deprive our fathers, mothers and brothers (and ourselves, when properly qualified) of the right of franchise, and, in fact, of all the rights of American citizens, debarring us of the free exercise of our holy religion, which is dearer to us than life itself; and would be contrary to the spirit of the glorious Constitution of our country, which we have ever been taught to revere as an inspiration from Almighty God: for we have been taught, and conscientiously believe that plural marriage is as much a part of our religion, as are faith, repentance and baptism; and,

Whereas, In our opinion, the cause of the introduction of such bills has been the false representations of evil disposed persons, who assert we are low, ignorant, degraded and disloyal;

and, feeling assured that, had your honorable body been truthfully advised in regard to the people of this Territory, such bills would never have obtained a hearing in the Congress of this mighty nation;

Now, therefore, we, the young ladies of Utah Territory, do most solemnly and truthfully declare that neither we nor our mothers are held in bondage, but that we enjoy the greatest possible freedom socially and religiously;

that our homes are happy ones, and we are neither low nor degraded;

for the principles of purity, virtue, integrity and loyalty to the government of the United

States have been instilled into our minds and hearts since our earliest childhood.

According to what we read, and can learn from other sources, in no place in the world is female chastity and virtue guarded with more jealous care than by our people; for we have been taught and do understand that this is our greatest boon;

far above jewels or wealth, and more precious than life itself;

and we therefore most respectfully memorialize your honorable body to suspend further action on all bills relating to Utah, and send a commission of honorable, intelligent, and unprejudiced men and women to inquire into, and learn the true state of affairs in this Territory;

And as in duty bound,your memorialists will ever pray.

IN MEMORIAM.

ELIZABETH ANN WHITNEY.

With heartfelt grief, we chronicle the death of our beloved friend and counselor, Mother Whitney.

Of all women, none were purer or better; among the first to embrace the everlasting Gospel, and always faithful and true to the principles, she, in her early youth, had espoused.

Oftentimes has it been said, and truly said, Mother Whitney is more like an angel from heaven than a creature of this earth;

her influence and spirit were so beautiful, that to be near her, seemed nearer heaven; her character was the gentlest and noblest of womankind, always cheerful and hopeful in the darkest and dreariest scenes never^despairing nor complaining;

she had always a word of rest for the weary, comfort for the heartsick, and possessed

IN MEMORIAM.

the power of consoling others to such an extent, that she was often called the "comforter."This great and noble woman has now left this earth and gone to a brighter realm, where she will receive the reward for all her good deeds here on earth.

She was gifted in language and exceedingly attractive in person;

her countenance ever seemed to shine with the light of the Holy Spirit;

her soul was one of those bright and shining lights that seem to make heaven more beautiful by their presence.

Mother Whitney was born in the beginning of the present century, December 26, 1800, in Derby, New Haven County, Connecticut; her parents were Gibson and Polly Bradley Smith.

The Smith's was one of the oldest families in the country.

She was the eldest child, and her youth was a perfect springtime of love and happiness. When eighteen years of age, she accompanied a maiden aunt to Ohio, and as she afterwards decided to remain there, it so happened that she never saw her dear mother again.

Early in her sojourn in Ohio, she became acquainted with a young and prosperous merchant, Newel

K. Whitney, to whom she was afterwards married, October 20, 1822, in Kirtland, where they made their future home.

Both she and her husband became members of the Campbellite church, but although they revered this faith, they still sought for something better.

They believed in the laying on of hands and in the gifts of the spirit, but no one having authority in their church to confer those gifts, they prayed to the Lord for the Holy Spirit, such as they read of the ancients having received.

While they were praying together a cloud seemed to rest over the house, the walls vanished and it seemed as if they were out in the open air.

The cloud covered them and they felt the spirit of the Lord upon them, while a solemn awe pervaded them and they heard a voice saying, "Prepare ye to receive the word of the Lord, for it is coming."Soon after this the Gospel was brought to Kirtland by Parley P. Pratt, and both she and her husband were baptized and confirmed, November 1830.

Their home was a place of rest for the elders;

and Joseph Smith, the prophet, made it his home when he first came to Kirtland, and an everlasting love and friendship was formed between the two families.

Often afterwards in the hours of trial and persecution did the Prophet find refuge, comfort and solace under their roof.

I remember when very young of hearing her relate a little incident illustrating the power of and the faith that she always had in children's prayers.

One night when the mob were in search of the Prophet, and he had taken refuge in her home, the little children gathered in one of the rooms and prayed, as they often did, that the Prophet might be unmolested and rest there in ] peace.

They all knelt down and prayed earnestly to the Lord and said they could not rise until they had a testimony.

Very soon one of the children rose from her knees saying "I have the spirit, brother Joseph will be safe."The Prophet and Brother and Sister Whitney had been standing at the door and when Joseph heard this, he turned to Bishop Whitney and said, while his eyes were filled with tears:

"You need not hide me to-night, I will be perfectly safe."What a beautiful humble spirit is manifested in these few words.

This is only one of many like manifestations to the children in those days.

Joseph delighted in little children and had more faith in their sweet humble prayers than in any others. Mother Whitney was one of the first women who ever had her endowments, and among the first who ever officiated in a temple, she was the very first to officiate in the house of the Lord in this city, where she continued to labor until her health would no longer permit.

She has blessed thousands of the daughters of Zion.

Mother Whitney had one of the sweetest and most pathetic voices in the world, often in days of persecution when the Prophet Joseph was sorrowful, cast down and weary, he would ask her to sing to him that he might forget his grief.

When the gift of tongues was given to

IN MEMORIAM.

her, her spirit burst forth in hymns of rejoicing and songs of praise.

She has always at times exercised this gift until the time of her death.

The Prophet promised this rare gift should never leave her if she was wise in the exercise thereof, and if she remained true to her covenants.

He also said that it was the pure Adamic language, that which was spoken in the garden of Eden.

If all the hymns and poems were written as they were interpreted at the time when she sang them, they would make a beautiful volume.

In 1838, Sister Whitney left her home and was intending to go to Missouri, but in consequence of the persecutions there, she was obliged to stay in Carleton, Illinois.

Many of her friends, when she left Kirtland, never expected she could live through such a journey, and it was only by her unbounded faith in God that she was enabled to do so.

She stayed in Carleton that year, while her husband went back to Kirtland on business, and was left entirely alone with a family of little children;

her oldest son, then eighteen years of age, taught school, and helped to support the family.

In the spring of 1839, Bishop Whitney and family went up to Commerce.

In Nauvoo, Mother Whitney endured all that it was possible for anyone to endure, but was always cheerful and happy through it all.

When the Relief Society was organized by Joseph Smith in Nauvoo, Mother Whitney was chosen as first counselor to the president, Emma

Smith.

She crossed the Mississippi River on the ice with a family of small children, when the Saints were driven from Nauvoo; she was - the mother of eleven children, six now living; she had thirty-two grandchildren and thirteen great-grandchildren;

her two oldest sons, Horace and Orson, were among the Pioneers of 1847.

Their father and the family came to the valley with Heber

C. Kimball's company in 1848.

Bishop Whitney died in 1850.

Mother Whitney died February 15, 1882, at ten minutes past two p.m., at the residence of her son-in-law, Isaac Groo, in this city, after an illness of four weeks; she lived to finish her work here on earth, and was ready and willing to be gathered home to the Savior's bosom.

Oh that we might all live a life as pure and sinless!

That when we are called to go, we may say as she did, "The Lord's time is the best time,"and "I want to suffer all that I ought to suffer."Louie Wells.

There is a fable among the Hindoos that a thief, having been detected and condemned to die, happily hit on an expedient which gave him hope of life.

He sent for the jailor and told him he had a secret of great importance which he desired to impart to the king, and when this had been done he would be prepared to die.

After receiving this piece of intelligence the king ordered the culprit to be conducted to his presence, and demanded of him to know his secret.

The culprit replied that he knew the secret of causing a tree to grow which would bear fruit of pure gold.

The experiment might be easily tried, and his majesty would not lose the opportunity.

The king, accompanied by his prime minister, his courtiers and his chief priest went with the thief to a spot selected near the city wall, where the latter performed a series of incantations.

This done, the condemned man produced a piece of gold, and declared that if it should be planted, it would produce a tree, every branch of which would bear gold.

"But,"he added, "this must be put into the ground by a hand that has never been stained by a dishonest act.

My hand is not clean;

therefore I pass it to your majesty."The king took the piece of gold, but hesitated.

Finally he said:

"I remember in my younger days, that I often filched money from my father's treasury which was not mine.

I have repented of the sin, but yet I hardly dare to say my hand is clean.

I pass it to my prime minister."The prime minister, after a brief consideration, answered:

"It were a pity to break the charm through a possible blunder.

I receive taxes from the people, and, as I am exposed to a great

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

many temptations, how can I be sure that I have been always perfectly honest?

I must give it to the governor of the citadel.""No,no!"cried the governor, drawing back.

"Remember that I have the serving out of pay and provisions to the soldiers.

Get the high priest to plant it."

The priest said:

"You forget that I have the collecting of tithes;

and the disbursements for sacrifices."

The thief exclaimed at length: "Your majesty, I 'think it were better for society that all five of us should be hanged, since it appears that not an honest man can be found among us."

In spite of the lamentable exposure, the king laughed;

and so pleased was he with the thiefs cunning expedient, that he at once granted him a pardon.

None so poor as he that feels poor.

A stingy man cannot be a happy one.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE.

The ccnference of the Y. M. M. I. A., of Salt Lake Stake was held in the Assembly Hall, Sunday, January 22, 1882.

Superintended Joseph H.

Felt, presiding.

It was the first conference of the kind held in the city, to which the whole day was devoted.

Eighteen of the city and four of the county associations had representatives present.

The morning exercises were commenced by singing, and prayer by Elder

George Goddard, and consisted of the reading of the minutes of the previous conference, and of a statistical and financial report, and addresses by Supt.

Felt, Sisters E, S. Taylor, Mary Freeze,

E. B.

Wells and Elder J. H. Moyle, all of whose remarks were excellent, touching upon the improvement which had been accomplished through the associations, and also the great work yet to be done in educating the young people at home in the principles of the Gospel.

The General and Stake officers were presented and unanimously sustained.

The Stake officers as follows:

Joseph H.

Felt, Superintendent;

George C.

Lambert and John W.

Taylor, Counselors, John A. Evans, Secretary; Rudger Clawson, Treasurer.

At the afternoon meeting highly interesting remarks were made by

Presidents Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith and John Taylor, in the order named.

They were followed by Elders Junius F. Wells, Royal B. Young and Rodney

C. Badger, each of whom bore testimony of the truth of the Gospel and proclaimed in behalf of the youth of Zion that they would follow in the footsteps of their parents.

The proceedings of the two meetings were extremely interesting, and all felt that a time of great benefit had been enjoyed, and expressed the hope that the conferences in the future might be extended over the whole day, allowing sufficient time for reports of officers and the imparting of needful instructions.

The exercises were reported in full by the secretary, but are too lengthy for insertion.

The conference adjourned subject to the call of the Stake Superintendency.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i. To open a northwest passage from Europe to the East has been an object of Arctic explorations.

The possibility of a new continent occupied by the lost tribes of Israel has lent great interest to researches, and the proximity of the Pole to inhabited countries has made it more approachable.

On the other hand the south pole is removed by almost a hemisphere of water and ice from the civilized or inhabited world, navigation is impossible for many degrees farther from the pole, and it lacks the features of utility or interest which scientists attach to the frozen north.

N E.

2.

On the continent of America, there were anciently three distinct colon-

i6o ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

ies, namely the Jaredites, the Nephites and a colony led out from Jerusalem by

Mulek, in the eleventh year of the reign of Zedekiah.

Book of Omni, I, 14.

The twenty-second and twenty-third verses of the seventeenth chapter of Isaiah read as follows: "Thus saith the Lord, God, I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it;

I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent in the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it; and it shall bring forth boughs and bear fruit, and be a goodly cedar;

and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing, in the shadow of its branches thereof shall they dwell."Apostle Orson Pratt, in his pamphlet on the Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon, applying this passage to the migration of the colony above mentioned, says: "By reading this chapter it will be seen that the Jews were the "high cedar,"that Zedekiah the king was the "highest branch,"that the "tender one"cropped off from the top of his young twigs, was one of his sons, whom the Lord brought out and planted with his company upon the choice land of America, which he had given unto a remnant of the tribe of Joseph for an inheritance, in fulfilment of the blessings of Jacob and Moses upon the head of that tribe."This company of Mulek's settled, as is supposed, in the northern part of south America, and took upon themselves the name of Zarahemla, and also applied that name to their country.

They were discovered some centuries later by the Nephite king Mosiah in his northward wanderings, in search of an asylum where he and his people might rest secure from the persecutions of their brethren, the Lamanites. Having brought with them no records, the people of Zarahemla were in a state of gross ignorance and infidelity;

and it was to them a source of great joy when they learned from king Mosiah that he was in possession of the records of their forefathers, the Jews.

Through the teachings of Mosiah they united with the church and afterwards chose him to be their king.

Thus was brought about a union which was perpetual, resulting in a mixture on this continent of the blood of Judah and o Joseph.

Book of Omni, 1, 19.

During the succeeding centuries there remained but two kingdoms—the Nephites and the Lamanites;

the latter sworn to eternal enmity;

the former to unceasing vigilance.

Through the preaching of the disciples of Christ (who had appeared to the people on this continent after His crucifixion,) the entire people, both Nephites and

Lamanites were converted to the Christian faith, the former still comprising the two families of Nephi and Mulek.

They married and intermarried with each other, and lived during the next two centuries, in a state of perfect happiness and peace.

In this way came the mixture of the blood of these three nations, of whom the American Indians are descendants.

Hence they are not exclusively the seed of Joseph, but there is also among them a "remnant of the Jews."Zechariah Ballantyne.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

i. Of what tribe of Israel was Ishmael who left Jerusalem with Lehi and company?

2. Was baptism required of the Church before the advent of the Savior upon the earth?

3.

In the seventh chapter of Revelations, why is the tribe of Dan omitted and that of Manassah inserted?

J. H. D.

"Rannie's English Constitution,"is a small book on the history of that great instrument, showing its gradual growth from the remotest times.

It is expressly designed for beginners in the study of constitutional history.

It claims that constitutions, which are the result of the experience of ages, are accepted generally as the best, and shows that the English constitution having thus come into existence, is the standard and of modern constitutional governments.

For sale at James Dwyer's, Salt Lake City.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

fiUSTATESWS DOUBLE ACTION Life-Lasting Hobbles AND Patent Nose Sachs.

$50 tyK GIVEN AWAY IJ TO CUSTOMERS As follows:

Concord Harness.

Buggy Harness.

Buccara Saddle.

G.

(/. GUSTAVESON.

66 and 68 Second South St., Salt Lake City.

ie is FURNITURE Hew and Second Hand, V23JFLY CHEAP Call and see L P + SORENSOK k C0 M 16 MAIN ST.

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

rran Bros i!

123, 125, 127, 129, Salt Lake City, FURNITURE etc., i, etc.

il U PH LSTERT Children's Carriages and Boys'Wagons.

filial ft*j SPECIALTY IN LADIES'and GENT'S IB BLOV Id Lmil:

NOVELTIES IN Neckwear, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery, Embroidery and Laces.

VJSiftSfffl?/} Salt Lake Citv, Utah,

ADVERTISEMENTS.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, elc, Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Hottorn Kcnipeis, Victor Cane Mills, James

Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Kconomy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Kami

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Baru Fence Wire, Farm and Church Hells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1210 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, BUTE AND MONUMENTAL MASONS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS,

BUILDERS & CONTKACTOES;

P.

0. Box, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

1st.South St., No.

2nd South St, WHITE & SONS Proprietors Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IN SEASON.

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOL'OG:tr ^.

And all kinds of.

DEIED Zkdl E.A. I 'S.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

F. AU In their New 3 Story Building, 124 and 126 East Temple Street.

Announce that they now carry the

Largest and Best Stocks mentioned in the various Departments, ever shown west of Chicago.

DRESS GOODS.-DEPARTMENT:

Replete with Brocades, Silks, Satins, French Plaids, etc.

Mostly of our own direct importation from European Markets.

DOMESTIC AND HOUSE FURNISHING DEP'T:

Barnsley Table Damasks, Table and Piano Covers, Towels, Napkins, etc., etc.

BOOT AND SHOE DEP'T:

Ladies'and Children's Shoes and

Slippers of the best make;

Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters and Alexis Ties.

CLOAK AND SHAWL DEP'T:

Cloaks and Shawls, Stylish and Cheap.

French Ulsters, Satin Skirts and Knit Goods of every description.

CLOTHING AND GENERAL FURNISHING DEP'T:

Gents'and Children's Suits, Ulsters, Overcoats, White Shirts, Underwear, Hats, etc.

HOSIERY AND FANCY GOODS DEP'T:

Abounds in all novelties in Silk, Cashmere, Balbrigan and Domestic Hosiery, Laces, Fringes,

Silk and Cambric Handkerchiefs.

Corsets, thirty styles, etc.

WHOLESALE BUYERS, Will find our Stock Larger than ever, better displayed and at prices to compete with Eastern or

Western Markets.

MILLINERY in all its branches, at Wholesale only.

Orders from sit is and adjoining Territories and States Solicited, and honorably treatment Guaranteed.

E\ ATJEEBACH 6z ZB^OTIEaCIEIR, ESTABLISHED 1864.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

»l i PIAXTO0» #»©AKi_ Violins, Accoribis, Guitars, Flutes, Banjos, Brass nsttMtnts, Drums, ^1 And all kinds of T/*\ Musical Instruments, Mnsie, Music Hooka, Strings and rilling*', \il AND Best and Cheapest at L_-J ^J CARELESS'GROXALL'S MUSIC HOUSE, ^ 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

V^J I SEISrr) TQ-R CATALOGUES.

9 -*•

L,« p. J^ardy.

P.

fi. Hardy HARDY BROTHERS, successors to a.

id.

-yottsstg, dealers in Staple and Fancy km, Dry hols and lions.

<Sc 2S ^Lv£a,in Street, Opposite 13. C.

1^/L. I.

EA.GKL SALT LAKE CITY, -* 9 Wholesale and Retail Dealer in

Dry Ms, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, "i!

kinds of ise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

S. F. TEASDEL, P.

0. BOX. 352.

East Temple Street AIN WAGONS.

A full stock of theseCelebrated Wagons always on hand; they are the favorite and leading wagons in Utah.

I keep a full stock of the Celebrated Oliver t!l»ille<1 Plows. Casssulay Sulky and

Moline F*Bows, also a full line of Hardware and Wagon Material, the most complete selection to be found in the market.

All kinds of Call on or address:

HOWARD SEBBEE, Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

C. H.

JCSSEJ] ^S7 The Loading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

Mercantile Establishment CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

jjpHTlj in the West, *>y SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, f 'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent:

0^ Suit CAPITAL, $200,000.

WM. H. HOOPER, Presf., DIRECTORS:

WILLIAM JENNINGS, SURPLUS, $125,000.

H. S. ELDREDGE, Vicc-P,est.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROE5BECK.

Office akc Yard.

Corner East of Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEALS IN Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Bear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Sj)eed Moivers, Rear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, Gne

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Plows all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares for all sizes of

Ploius.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond Cultivators, Weir Harroivs, and other Agricultural Implements.

All Implements warranted to be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

VOICE * WARNING, AND ALL THE Publications of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, FOR SALE BY DESERET NEWS COMPANY, SALT LAKE CITY.

insr SOLID WALNDT FRAMES.

OF PEICE $3 00 A PAIR.

Arr CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

JENNINGS & S HAVE RECEIVED FOR THE Fall and Winter Trade OF I HUB, ETC., COOKING STOVES, BISMARK RANGES, HEATING STOVES, » A COMPLETE STOCK OF imibm'uass At the JLi>west Harket jPrices.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.