vol in.

MAY, 1882.

Ka 8 - The Glory of God is Intelligence, THE eoKTRlBUTOR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAM LAKE CITY, ITAH.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MAY, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

VIII Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

V Moses Thatcher The Poet's Season Amethyst Body and Spirit H.

W.

Nalsbitt Laws of the Hindoos Win. Folheringham Apostacy.

Ill Matthias F.

Cowley.239 A Violet's Adventures H.

A.

Page Mormon and Jew—A modern parallel

Geo.

Reynolds Spirit Memories y.

L.

Townseud Resurgam Hannah T. King Editorial:

Joseph L. Barfoot Ralph Waldo Emerson C.

T.

Prophetic Dreams Phrenological yournal Publications Received Association Intelligence:

Answers to Questions IT STANDS AT THE HEAD!

THE LIGHT RUNNING domestic:

THE BEST IN THE WORLD.

If you buy a Domestic SEWING MACHINE, And should desire any other kind after using it Two Months, we will exchange and give yon one of any other make that retails at the same price.

We keep all kinds of machines and—See the—

Before you buy a Sewing Machine

Agents for the Western Territories.

Main Street, Near Co-op.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A.

J, JOHNSON BOYCE REAPE Its, RICHMOND MOWERS The Lightest Draft Machines in the Territory, and the Favorite on account of their Excellence and Low Price.

ROCK ISLAND FLOWS, STEEL ani CHILLED

SULKY RAKES, Hani and Self Dump, Sold from same yard by Lynch and

Cottrell.

Send for Price List and Circulars.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DEALERS.

Call on or Address -A».

T.

JOH3STS03ST, P.

O. BOX 871, SALT LAME CITY, AGE1TTS "W-A-tTTEID.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

WALKER BROTHERS.

IN OUR w & Can be found all the NEW SHADES of BLACK and COLORED

Silks, Satins, Satin DeLyon, Surah Silk and Satin,

Plaid, Stripe and Plain Velvets, all colors.

IN OUR WE HAVE BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE, ALPACAS//TARNISE CLOTH, PLAIDS, STRIPES, and all kinds of Plain and Fancy Dress Goods.

Is well supplied with a Full and Complete Assortment of

Ribbons, Laces, Embroideries, Kid and Cotton Gloves, all sizes and qualitiesTiaXMMXaTGI-S. LATEST STALES.

L CORSETS.

CORSETS.

CORSETS.

11!

SLA M pWw *

ADVKRTISKMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SGHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH, AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Latest Im^mweM Fmwm Wa@Mime®, •A-GEISTT IFOR THE CELEBRATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling "Wire and [Patent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, LefFel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederick Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY.

GEO.

.A.. LO¥E, OGDEN, UTAH.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DINWOODEY'S, ITirst South Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE, BRANSON KNITTER PBXCE l $25.

KNITS A SQCJC IN 5 MINUTES, Ofttt tfiaoh ysu |q Knit m m MVt.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VKIE TIES!

4 Ton Scales, $6o, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and,SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite /ran, and GtHtrat Merchandise, etc,

Qho Btwk &cuth of fftesjro.

T-. o. Boa fls.o

ADVERTISEMENTS.

l j> CAPITAL, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIRECTORS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Prcst., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Prest.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

(QeaJleTs in HcurdrwoocL, J^olts, Iron, Steel,

CHAINS, AND/LL KII^DS OF FAI|M FIXTURES.

I 0^ We kindly invite our friends to call and examine ^f E? £4 U *^ 'Aconts for the Oelefcrated our stock before purchasing f| ffi p STUDEBAKER FARM AND SPRING WAGONS, elsewhere.

dflAl* Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, fcJ rTTPQT A RT?AnTT7V QHTTTTT -RT7Mn ruTTTirn

ZION FURST & BRADLEY SOUTH BEND CHILLED PLOWS,

HARROWS, STJXjKY PLOWS and RAKES,

Etc.

ZF'IS.IBX}. TTTIRiTE^, S-a.pexiaa.teaa.d.eaa.t.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS A-IsTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

STUDEBAKER BROS.

NIAN'F'G"C07\ -#°C J°?y, South Ben^ MANUFACTURERS OF Farm,FreigM I SpringWagons, GABBIAGSS and IUS1IIS, All sizes and styles of which we carry in stock, or will build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter^ and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

wm JAS.

B. GLASS, Manager.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOKS FOR YOUN DCflD LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo., flexible cloth, 10 vols., each, 45 cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Roscoe and Stewart.

18mo. f flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo., flexible cloth, 6 vols., each 45 cents.

Will be sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt of price.

D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers.

New York.

Boston.

Chicago.

SanFrancisco.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

MAY, 1 882.

No.

8.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

VIII.

THE HOLY GHOST.

Various and conflicting are the opinions of men in regard to the gift of the Holy

Ghost.

Some people have been in the habit of calling every supernatural manifestation the effects of the Spirit of God, whilst there are others that think there is no manifestation connected with it at all;

and that it is nothing but a mere impulse of the mind, or an inward feeling, impression, or secret testimony or evidence, which men possess, and that there is no such thing as an outward manifestation.

It is not to be wondered at that men should be ignorant, in a great measure, of the principles of salvation, and more especially of the nature, office, power, influence, gifts and blessings of the gift of the Holy Ghost, when we consider that the human family have been enveloped in gross darkness and ignorance for many centuries past, without revelation, or any just criterion to arrive at a knowledge of the things of God, which can only be known by the Spirit of God.

Hence it not unfrequently occurs, that when the Elders of this Church preach to the inhabitants of the world, that if they obey the Gospel they shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, that the people expect to see some wonderful manifestation, some great display of power, or some extraordinary miracle performed; and it is often the case that young members of this Church for want of better information, carry along with them their old notions of things, and sometimes fall into egregious errors.

We have lately had some information concerning a few members that are in this dilemma, and for their information make a few remarks upon the subject.

We believe in the gift of the Holy Ghost being enjoyed now, as much as it was in the Apostles'days; we believe that it is necessary to make and to organize the Priesthood, that no man can be called to fill any office in the ministry without it; we also believe in prophecy, in tongues, in visions, and in revelations, in gifts, and in healings; and that these things cannot be enjoyed without the gift of the Holy Ghost; we believe that holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and that holy men in these days speak by the same principle; we believe in its being a comforter and a witness bearer/'that it brings things past to our remembrance, leads us into all truth, and shows us of things to come;"we believe that "no man can know that Jesus is the Christ, but by the

Holy Ghost."We believe in it in all its fulness, and power, and greatness, and glory; but whilst we do this, we believe in it rationally, resonably, consistently, and scripturally, and not according to the wild vagaries, foolish notions and traditions of men.

The human family are very apt to run to extremes, especially in religious matters, and hence people in general, either want some miraculous display, or they will not believe in the gift of the Holy Ghost at all.

If an Elder lays his hands upon a person, it is thought by many that the person must immediately rise and speak in tongues and prophesy; this idea is gathered from the circumstance of

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

Paul laying his hands upon certain individuals who had been previously (as they stated) baptized unto John's baptism;

which when he had done, they "spake with tongues and prophesied."Philip also, when he had preached the Gospel to the inhabitants of the City of Samaria, sent for Peter and John, who when they came laid their hands upon them for the gift of the Holy Ghost, for as yet He was fallen upon none of them;

and when Simon Magus saw that through the laying oti of the Apostle's hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money that he might possess the same power.

Acts viii.

These passages are considered by many as affording sufficient evidence for some miraculous, visible manifestation, whenever hands are laid on for the gift of the Holy Ghost.

We believe that the Holy Ghost is imparted by the laying on of hands of those in authority, and that the gift of tongues, and also the gift of prophecy are the gifts of the Spirit, and are obtained through that medium;

but then to say that men always prophesied and spoke in tongues when they had the imposition of hands, would be to state that which is untrue, contrary to the practice of the Apostles, and at variance with holy writ;

for Paul says, "To one is given the gift of tongues, to another the gift of prophecy, and to another the gift of healing;"and again, "Do all prophesy? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?"evidently showing that all did not possess these several gifts;

but that one received one gift, and another received another gift all did not prophesy, all did not speak in tongues, all did not work miracles but all did receive the gift of the Holy Ghost;

sometimes they spake in tongues and prophesied, in the Apostles'days, and sometimes they did not.

The same is the case with us also in our administrations, while more frequently there is no manifestation at all, that is visible to the surrounding multitude; this will appear plain when we consult the writings of the Apostles, and notice their proceedings in relation to this matter.

Paul, in i Cor.

xii. says, "Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant;"it is evident from this, that some of them were ignorant in relation to these matters, or they would not need instruction.

Again, in chapter xiv., he says:

"Follow after charity and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy."

It is very evident from these Scriptures that many of them had not spiritual gifts, for if they had spiritual gifts where was the necessity of Paul telling them to follow after them; and it is as evident that they did not all receive those gifts by the imposition of hands, for they as a Church had been baptized and confirmed by the laying on of hands—and yet to a Church of this kind, under the immediate inspection and supeiintendence of the Apostles, it was necessary for Paul to say, "follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy,"evidently showing that those gifts were in the Church, but not enjoyed by all in their outward manifestations.

But supposing the gifts of the Spirit were immediately, upon the imposition of hands, enjoyed by all, in all their fulness and power;

the sceptic would still be as far from receiving any testimony except upon a mere casualty as before, for all the gifts of the Spirit are not visible to the natural vision, or understanding of man; indeed very few of them are.

We read that "Christ ascended into heaven and gave gifts unto men;

and he gave some Apostles, and some Prophets, and seme Evangelists, and some Pastors and

Teachers;"Eph.

iv.

The Church is a compact body composed of different members, and is strictly analogous to the human system, and Paul, after speaking of the different gifts, says, "Now ye are the body of Christ and each one members in particular; and God hath set some in the Church, first Apostles, secondarily Prophets, thirdly Teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Are all Apostles?

Are all Prophets?

Are all Teachers?

Are all workers of miracles?

Have all the gifts of healing?

Do all speak with tongues?

Do all interpret?"It is evident that they do not; yet are they all members of the one body.

All members of the natural

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

body are not the eye, the ear, the head or the hand—yet the eye cannot say to the ear I have no need of thee, nor the head to the foot, I have no need of thee;

they are all so many component parts in the perfect machine—the one body;

and if one member suffer, the whole of the members suffer with it;

and if one member rejoice, all the rest are honored with it.

These, then, are all gifts; they come from God;

they are of God;

they are all the gifts of the Holy Ghost; they are what Christ ascended into heaven to impart; and yet how few of them could be known by the generality of men.

Peter and John were Apostles, yet the Jewish court scourged them as impostors.

Paul was both an Apostle and Prophet, yet they stoned him and put him into prison.

The people knew nothing about it, although he had in possession the gift of the Holy Ghost. Our Savior was "anointed with the oil of gladness above his fellows,"yet so far from the people knowing him, they said he was Beelzebub, and crucified him as an impostor.

Who could point out a Pastor, a Teacher, or an Evangelist by their appearance, yet had they the gift of the Holy Ghost.

But to come to the other members of the Church, and examine the gifts as spoken of by Paul, and we shall find that the world can in general know nothing about them, and that there is but one or two that could be immediately known, if they were all poured out immediately upon the imposition of hands.

Cor.

xii., Paul says:

"There are diversities of gifts, yet the same spirit;

and there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord;

and there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.

But the manifestations of the Spirit is given unto every man to profit withal.

For to one is given, by the Spirit, the word of wisdom, to another, the word of knowledge, by the same Spirit; to another faith, by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing, by the same Spirit;

to another the working of miracles;

to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits;to another divers kinds oftongues to another the interpretation of tongues.

But all these worketh that one and the self same Spirit, dividing to each man severally as He will."There are several gifts mentioned here, yet which of them all could be known by an observer at the imposition of hands?

The word of wisdom, and the word of knowledge, are as much gifts as any other, yet if a person possessed both of these gifts, or received them by the imposition of hands, who would know it?

Another might receive the gift of faith, and they would be as ignorant of it.

Or suppose a man had the gift of healing, or power to work miracles, that would not then be known;

it would require time and circumstances to call these gifts into operation.

Suppose a man had the discerning of spirits, who would be the wiser for it? Or if he had the interpretation of tongues, unless some one spoke an unknown tongue, he of course would have to be silent;

there are only two gifts that could be made visible—the gift of tongues and the gift of prophecy.

These are things that are the most talked about, and yet if a person spoke in an unknown tongue, according to Paul's testimony, he would be a barbarian to those present.

They would say that it was gibberish; and if he prophesied they would call it nonsense.

The gift of tongues is the smallest gift perhaps of the whole, and yet it is one that is the most sought after.

So that according to the testimony of Scripture and the manifestations of the Spirit in ancient days, very little could be known about it by the surrounding multitude, except on some extraordinary occasion, as on the day of Pentecost.

The greatest, the best, and the most useful gifts would be known nothing about by an observer.

It is true that a man might prophesy, which is a great gift, and one that Paul told the people the Church—to seek after and to covet, rather than to speak in tongues; but what does the world know about prophesying?

Paul says that it "serveth only to those that believe."But does not the Scriptures say that they spake in tongues and prophesied?

Yes;

but who is it that

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

writes these Scriptures?

Not the men of the world or mere casual observers, but the Apostles—men who knew one gift from another, and of course were capable of writing about it;

if we had the testimony of the Scribes and Pharisees concerning the outpouring of the Spirit on the day of Pentecost, they would have told us that it was no gift, but that the people were "drunken with new wine,"and we shall finally have to come to the same conclusion that Paul did—"No man knows the things of God but by the

Spirit of God,"for with the great revelations of Paul when he was caught up into the third heaven and saw things that were not lawful to utter, no man was apprised of it until he mentioned it himself fourteen years after; and when John had the curtains of heaven withdrawn, and by vision looked through the dark vista of future ages, and contemplated events that should transpire throughout every subsequent period of time, until the final winding up scene—while he gazed upon the glories of the eternal world, saw an innumerable company of angels and heard the voice of God—it was in the Spirit, on the Lord's day, unnoticed and unobserved by the world.

The manifestations of the gift of the Holy Ghost, the ministering of angels, or the development of the power, majesty or glory of God were very seldom manifested publicly, and that generally to the people of God, as to the Israelites;

but most generally when angels have come, or God has revealed Himself, it has been to individuals in private, in their chamber, in the wilderness or fields, and that generally without noise or tumult.

The angel delivered Peter out of prison in the dead of night; came to Paul unobserved by the rest of the crew appeared to Mary and Elizabeth without the knowledge of others;

spoke to John the Baptist whilst the people around were ignorant of it.

When Elisha saw the chariots of Israel and the horsemen thereof, it was unknown to others.

When the Lord appeared to Abraham it was at his tent door; when the angels went to Lot, no person knew them but himself, which was the case probably with Abraham and his wife; when the Lord appeared to Moses, it was in the burning bush, in the tabernacle, or on the mountain top; when

Elijah was taken in a chariot of fire, it was unobserved by the world; and when he was in the cleft of a rock, there was loud thunder, but the Lord was not in the thunder;

there was an earthquake but the Lord was not in the earthquake;

and there was a still small voice, which was the voice of the Lord, saying, "What doest thou here, Elijah?"The Lord cannot always be known by the thunder of His voice, by the display of His glory, or by the manifestation of His power;

and those that are the most anxious to see these things, are the least prepared to meet them, and were the Lord to manifest His power as He did to the children of Israel, such characters would be the first to say,"Let not the Lord speak any more, lest we His people die."

We would say to the brethren, seek to know God in your closets, call upon Him in the fields.

Follow the direction of the Book of Mormon, and pray over and for your families, your cattle, your flocks, your herds, your corn, and all things that you possess;

ask the blessing of God upon all your labors, and everything that you engage in.

Be virtuous and pure; be men of integrity and truth; keep the commandments of God, and then you will be able more perfectly to understand the difference between right and wrong—between the things of God and the things of men; and your path will be like that of the just, "which shineth brighter and brighter unto the perfect day."Be not so curious about tongues, do not speak in tongues except there be an interpreter present;

the ultimate design of tongues is to speak to foreigners, and if persons are very anxious to display their intelligence, let them speak to such in their own tongues.

The gifts of God are all useful in their place, but when they are applied to that which God does not intend, they prove an injury, a snare, and a curse instead of a blessing.

We may at some future time enter more fully into this subject, but shall let this suffice for the present.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND v.

"Every great social reform,"says Dr.

Naphey, "must begin with the male sex;

theirs it is to take the step in advance, and with no false sentiment.

Here, especially, they must act.

The sin is wholly of their own making.

All the misery, all the lost souls, all the blighting consequences, present and to come, of prostitution, are chargeable solely and wholly to the uncontrolled sexual instincts of the male.

What duty, then, is more imperative to the clergyman, the.

educator, the statesman, the enlightened philanthropist anywhere, than to study this instinct, to learn how to guide it in youth and age, and how to direct it in its natural and healthy channels?

In the United States we have been very shy of approaching this delicate and difficult topic.

Our legislators imitate the ostrich, which, when it wishes to escape its enemies, is currently reported to hide its head in the sand, thinking that if it cannot see them, they cannot see it.

The results of this policy are that in Chicago, New York, Philadelphia, and all our larger cities, gross vice stalks our streets with unblushing tread, the strange woman lays her snares for innocence and youth at every street corner, disease is more common and more deadly than in any regulated European State, and the proportion of prostitutes rivals that of any other civilized nation in the world."This is, indeed, a dark picture, having, seemingly, but one consolation, and that is for our law-makers, our nation—priest and people—while continuing to imitate the ostrich, hiding their heads in shame, to cry out against the fearful immorality of "Mormon "patriarchal marriage, thus repeating the old story of the wolf, who, standing at the head of the fountain, purposely fouled the stream, and then heaped accusations of the deed upon the innocent lamb, in order to be afforded a pretext for destroying it.

God has never declared that the social evil was necessary to

Christian or any other civilization, and he who so declares, be he Christian or pagan, civilized or savage,

CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

high or low, learned or ignorant, priest or layman, dishonors the Creator and shames the image which he bears.

Man has his agency, which, being abused, may lead to his own destruction and heap untold misery upon his offspring.

He may degrade, brutalize and disease himself, and make the span of woman's immoral, loathsome, unclean life but "four years,"corruptingbodies and souls which ought to have remained pure; but he has no right to say that these vile sins are necessary, and, by such assertions, impugn the goodness and purity of

God.

He may permit them, as He did the corruptions of Sodom and Gomorrha;

but it is only a question of time, and not a long time, when the wrath of the Almighty shall consume them, burn them up, leaving neither root nor branch.

God hath decreed this and He will bring it to pass.

Let any man who dare unblushingly advocate this monstrous doctrine of "necessity "ask himself if he would be willing that his sister should be a harlot, a vile creature, only fit to gratify, for a short time—say "four,"or even six years—the brutal passions of not less vile men, and then die, perhaps in the gutter a thing spurned by all.

Every man with a heart and a soul, unscorched by the taint of the age, must answer, No!

I am not willing to have any member of my family so degraded.

Then let such remember, that every harlot, every prostitute, every kept mistress, is the daughter, and probably the sister, of either the living or the dead.

And, if the sister of one man should be cherished, loved, protected and kept pure, so should those of other men.

What right has any person to expect chastity of a wife, daughter or sister, when he himself is seeking constantly to destroy the virtue of other men's wives, daughters and sisters?

And if he seek to corrupt the chastity of widows and orphans, and the unprotected, is not the'crime even greater?

Further quoting from Dr.

Naphey's work, in speaking of husband and wife, he savs: "Whatever relations they bear

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

to each other, whatever duties they may have to society and themselves, all are subordinate to the paramount obligation of having and raising a family.

We care not what excuse may be imagined in order to escape this duty, it is inadmissable- Nothing short of positive incapacity can exculpate either party.

It is not only their duty to have, not merely a child or two, but a family of children;

but also to do all in their power that their offspring have all the natural (physical and mental) advantages which it is possible to give them.

To show how this important truth is regarded in the United States:

'It has become the fashion,'says that distinguished clergyman Rev.

John Todd, 'for parents to be leading round a solitary, lonely child, or possibly two, it being well understood, talked about and boasted of, that they are to have no more.'It is useless to deny, or to conceal the fact that in very many instances the husband's dislike of a very large family, combined with the unwillingness to practice self-denial in regard to his appetites, is the motive which, beyond all others, induces the wife to visit the fashionable aborter, and to destroy the fruit of her womb,and imperil her own life and health.

This cowardice and brutality on his part cannot anywhere find an excuse."

Standing out as an everlasting edict against, and in condemnation of this horrible, premeditated, cold-blooded destruction of life, which disgraces a nation and blights a people with the crime of murder, is the first great commandment of God;

"Multiply and replenish the earth,"given in the morning of creation, when everything was good.

Oh, how man has fallen Created in the image of the Almighty, yet descending to the commission of crimes which must astonish the dwellers in the regions of the damned, and cause Satan and his hosts to laugh.

The extracts made form the able work of Dr. Naphey's, from which we have fully drawn, need no comments from us;

they tell their own story, in no uncertain sounds.

He was a friend, and not an enemy, being a citizen, and an honored one, too, of our great nation, whose future he, like many others, could not contemplate without serious apprehensions.

Understanding that the purity of a nation depends upon the purity of the citizens, and that, where chastity ceases, there dissolution and decay commence, the speed of the latter being in proportion to the decline of the former;

and these facts being historically well attested, our statesmen, legislators, philanthropists and divines ought, of all men to know it.

Dr. Naphey never was a "Mormon,"and thought, as hundreds of thousands of others still think, that polygamy, or the patriarchal system of marriage, is wrong.

But we do not purpose, in these pages to discuss the views or opinions of men, but to submit facts which can be abundantly substantiated by incontestable proofs.

We have cited the reader to some, not all by any means, of the sadly bitter fruits which, if not the direct product of the

Christian monogamic system of marriage, are at least, produced by the enforcement of false public sentiment and laws, restricting and defining as crime patriarchal marriage, a system which we have shown clearly, from the writings of persons not of our Church, to be divine sanctioned, approved and blessed by God

Himself.

We will now submit, for the purpose of arriving at some statistical facts, a brief extract from a sermon preached by Elder

Orson Pratt, in Salt Lake City, Oct. 7, 1869:

"Many will tell us that the number of males and the number of females born are just about equal, and because they are so it is not reasonable to suppose that God ever intended the nations to practice plurality of wives.

Let me say a few words on that.

Supposing we should admit, for the sake of argument, that the sexes are born in equal numbers, does that prove that the same equality exists when they come to a marriageable age?

By no means.

There may be about equal numbers born, but what do the statistics of our country show in regard to the death?

Do as many females as males die during the first year of their existence?

If you go to the published statistics, you will find, almost without exception, that in every State a greater

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

number of males die the first year of their existence than females.

The same holds good from one to five years, from five years to ten, from ten to fifteen, and from fifteen to twenty.

This shows that the number of females is greatly in excess of the males when they reach a marriageable age.

Let us elucidate still further in proof of the position here assumed.

Let us take, for instance, the census of the State of Pennsylvania in the year i860, and we shall find that there were seventeen thousand, five hundred and eighty-eight more females than males between the ages of twenty and thirty years, which may be strictly termed a marriageable age.

Says one, 'Probably the great war made that difference,'No, this was before the war.

Now, let us go to the statistics of New York, before the war, and we find, according to the official tables of the census taken in i860, that there were forty-five thousand one hundred and four more females than males in that one State between the ages of twenty and thirty years—a marriageable age recollect.

Now let us go to the State of Massachusetts, and look at the statistics there.

In the year 1865 there were thirty-three thousand four hundred and fifty-two more females than males between the ages of twenty and thirty years.

We might go on from State to State, and then to the census taken by the United

States, and vast surplus would be shown of females over males of a marriageble age.

What is to be done with them?

I will tell you what Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and New York say; they say virtually, 'We will pass a law so strict, that if these females undertake to marry a man who has another wife, both they and the man they marry shall be subject to a term of imprisonment in the penitentiary.'Indeed!

then what are you going to do with the hundreds of thousands of females of a marriageable age?

'We are going to make them either old maids or prostitutes,. and we would a little rather have them prostitutes; then we men would have no need to marry.'

This is the conclusion many of these marriageable males between twenty and thirty years of age have come to.

They will not marry, because the laws of the land have a tendency to make prostitutes, and they can purchase all the animal gratification they desire without being bound to any woman; hence many of them have mistresses, by whom they raise children, and when they get tired of them, turn both mother and children into the street, with nothing to support them;

the law allowing them to do so, because the women are nor wise."

In substantiation of the above, and to show how greatly the tendency during the past few years has been to increase the numerical disproportion of the sexes, we quote from an article published last year in the New York Express, under the heading, "Superfluous Women:""Massachusetts has some seventy thousand more women than men.

The other Eastern States have a similar superabundance of the gentler sex.

This state of things is unfortunate in many ways."

Now, what does this reveal?

It reveals the startling fact that the number of women on whom, with others, the command of Jehovah, to be "Fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth,'"'still rests, but cannot be honorably and legitimately fulfilled, owing to the stringent monogamic laws of man, have increased more than one hundred per cent.

during the short period of fifteen years.

Can those seventy thousand "surplus women"(and remember, "the other Eastern States have a similar superabundance") marry in that State?

Not under the monogamic system, which has descended as a bequest, not from God, but from pagan Greece and Rome to the civilized nations of Christendom;

for, were every man in that puritan State married, we would still have seventy thousand women there whom the laws of Christians emphatically declare shall not marry.

The voice of God in all nature may urge those seventy thousand females to "multiply and replenish,"but the laws tell them if they do, except outside the protecting shield of wedlock, they must suffer the consequences.

If they desire to listen to and obey this command of God, and follow the natural promptings of his eternal law, they must do so by

THE POETS SEASON.

becoming the base creatures of man's vile passions.

Mistresses, harlots, prostitutes, destroyers of their illegitimate offspring they may become, but the honorable wives of honorable men the law declares they shall not be.

God says they should.

Man says they shall not.

Oh, shame on such Christianity!

Shame on such statesmanship!

"But,"says one, "is not the superabundance of women in those States owing greatly to the results of the late war?"Granted.

What then?

Does that change the fact, or alter the situation?

There have been wars in the past, there will be wars in the future.

If the predictions recorded in the Bible are true, and we have excellent evidence to show that they are true, those to come will prove far more destructive than those which are past.

So much so that a man shall become as precious as the golden wedge of Ophir.

But the "surplus women "(it must be an honor to the unmarried ladies of our Republic to be considered as lt surplus ") do not begin to convey to the mind of the reader the actual situation.

The "Express"put it thus: "Too many young men of the East are not of the marrying persuasion. They lack muscle, blood, heart.

They care more for a club than a home; more for luxuries than for love.

They fail to see exactly how, with a salary of fifteen dollars a week and twenty dollars expenses, they are to support a wife in the style their super-refined taste enjoins; and, as there are so many women unmarried,"mark the language, "they defer marriage until the natural impulse is blunted, and the affections are drained off.

Half the social vice of the great cities is due to the superfluous women."This comes not from a "Mormon"source, but it shows a sadly deplorable condition of social affairs.

Young men, middle-aged and old, married and unmarried, all lending their aid to corrupt the fountains of life and to sap the very foundation of a nation's perpetuity and greatness.

Let our nation, and other Christian nations, repeal their unnatural laws in relation to marriage, and enforce those wholesome social rules under which Israel, so long as they obeyed the voice of

God, maintained, not only individual and family, but national purity, and the great social problem of the age, with which the various enervated, feeble, powerless, religious sects have been utterly unable to cope, and which has defied statesmen, philanthropists, scientists and philosophers, would soon be solved.

Open wide the door of honorable marriage, both under the patriarchal and monogamic order, and close those which have been the fruitless cause of illicit, unholy commerce between the sexes, punishing adultery, fornication, seduction, whoredom and kindred crimes according to the laws of God, and a mighty regeneration will speedily be accomplished.

The "surplus women"will no longer be forced into the channels of crime, nor will they be compelled to remain spinsters or marry some confirmed inebriate and run the very great risk of bearing idiotic children, or offspring tainted with transmissible disease, to hand down as a curse to the third or fourth generation.

Moses Thatcher.

THE POET'S SEASON.

It has been said, and truly, that Spring is the poet's season.

There is a peculiar freshness in the earth, and in the air, which penetrates, as it were, to the very centre of all inanimate things, and causes the blades of grass to shoot upward, the leaf and the floweret to burst forth.

The soul, which is higher than any of these forms of beauty, must in conformity with creative forces be in sympathy with all these, especially the soul of the poet, that is ever more or less en rapport with nature.

The poet feels this beauty without, this overflowing of nature's fountains, and the same impulse is intensified in him, because the higher order of his

THE POET'S SEASON.

creation demands expression.

In the Spring the birds carol their sweetest music, warble forth their most charming melodies;

they sing for joy that new life has sprung up.

The poet Thomson, in his "Seasons,"beseeches the birds for melody:

'Lend me your song, ye nightingales!

Oh, pour The mazy running soul of melody

Into my varied verse, while I deduce From the first note the hollow cuckoo sings

The symphony of Spring."There is so much music in Springtime that it is little wonder one tries to catch the inspiration, and utilize some of the rich material to embellish life in its sober work-a-day phases.

How beautiful the power of the keenly sensitive, gifted soul who can gather up the sunbeams, the dewdrops, the music of wood and glen, in flowing fountain or in song of birds, and apply its essence and its sweetness to rhyme and rhythm, and thus carry the pleasures of Spring into the homes of the people, who, while they are employed in the various occupations of life, can nevertheless enjoy the sentiments others have expressed, and in unison with the poet exclaim, "These are my own thoughts and aspirations."As the chemist extracts and condenses the strength of the elements of substances, and uses them for the various purposes to which they are necessary for man, in food and medicine, so the poet adds to the richness of the inner life, the metaphysical, elevating its tone and giving grace and beauty to the mind and heart.

It is not alone the birds who feel the influence of Spring, but the young lambs skip and gambol, the calves frolic as though conscious of the delights of nature everywhere apparent to man.

Indeed, all the greatest efforts of nature seem to have culminated through innate forces and assumed tangible forms, or to have wakened after the long rest of Winter into newness of life.

The affections are stronger, too, or at least we so comprehend it, at this season of bud and bloom, and Tennyson tells us, in that oft-quoted stanza from Locksley Hall:

"In the Spring a fuller crimson comes upon the robin's breast In the Spring the wanton lapwing gets himself another crest;

In the Spring a livelier iris changes on the burnish 'd dove;

In the Spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love."All the pulses of nature are quickened, and the corresponding human pulses likewise, when the body is in good condition.

Lowell says:

"What we call nature, all outside ourselves,

Is but our own conceit of what we see,

Our own reaction upon what we feel

I find my own complexion everywhere."

Coleridge has said, too:

"We receive but what we give,

And in our life alone doth nature live

Ours is the wedding garment, ours the shroud."

We might go on quoting the opinions of the poets on this inexhaustible subject, which has been so much talked of and still remains more or less of a mystery, but suffice it to say, the poet is an interpreter of the beautiful in nature, but the scientist covers the entirety, for he analyzes nature; and instead of giving us, as the poet does, its music and beauty inspirationally, he gives quality and utility, and styles himself the true interpreter of nature's forces.

Having skimmed over a little of the ground, and dwelt upon birdnotes and melody, we next consider the flowers in this connection.

The flowers of Spring are as necessary to inspire the poet as are the songs of birds, or the babble of brooks;

and flowers are not only one of the elements of poetry, but also symbols of love.

Music, flowers, poetry and love are very nearly related.

Who can faithfully delineate the effect of flowers upon the senses.

They speak to us forcibly in a silent language none fully understand, but all interpret in a measure.

They feast the eye gratefully, and their fragrance is exhilarating to every sense we possess.

To enumerate the varieties and delights of the flowers would be impossible;

we all have some favorites, and we all comprehend what a wilder-

BODY AND SPIRIT.

ness this earth would be without them.

Mary Howitt expresses our own thoughts, as true poets ever do, when she says:

"God might have made the earth bring forth

Enough for great and small, The oak tree and the cedar tree,

Without a flower at all He might have made enough—enough

For every want of ours, For luxury, medicine and toil,

And yet have made no flowers."

From time immemorial flowers have been associated with love and tenderness, indeed, tenderness is a part of love, for whatever we love most we are most tender of.

Whatever appeals to the heart fosters and strengthens the affections.

It is perhaps because the Spring is the season when flowers are freshest, and birds sing sweetest, and skies are bluest, that love is strongest.

And one's own heart is so full of the tender passion that one wonders what the birds say to each other, and what the flowers think, and the poet sings of their secrets in strains like these:

I wonder what the Clover thinks,

Intimate friend of Bob-o-links,

Lover of Daisies slim and white,

Waltzer with Buttercups at night,

Oh, who knows what the Clover thinks?

No one unless the Bob-o-links Who would sing such a song except one in love, yes, in love with nature?

And who that has felt the divine sentiment in its purity and intensity does not know that to be in love glorifies all beauty?

In Eastern lands, where love is said to be most intense, there flowers abound and fruits are most luxuriant.

Flowers in the fields and meadows feast the eye of the traveler and inspire the pen of the poet, but flowers in and about the home are indications of beauty in life and character.

Their influence is always good and brightening.

The lowliest cottage is handsomely adorned when flowers are blooming round it, and graceful vines trail o'er its doorways or its portico.

Even those who pass by respect its inmates more, and to the indwellers these simple adornments are often of more value in adding to their happiness and enjoyment than the elegancies and splendor of the rich.

Nature herself is rich in embellishment, if we will but dispose her varied gifts becomingly.

At all seasons of the year the poet may find himself in harmony with nature, but the Spring has many advantages, many charms to beguile the poet into musical, mazy rhythm.

Therefore we should be lenient with even the humblest aspirant who sips at the perennial fount of poesy, remembering that all are weak compared to the great

Author of that nature to which we are indebted for our subjects.

Undoubtedly Spring is the poet's season, for it is then

God's goodness strikes us most forcibly, and the poet must drink freely from the pure fount of knowledge, and all intelligence comes from Him, and He is love.

Amethyst.

BODY AND SPIRIT.

That man existed in a spiritual condition, prior to his advent upon the earth, is universally believed by the Latter-day

Saints; they have been taught that that condition was not only rudimentary or elementary, as it may be expressed, but that this spiritual element had so far progressed or been advanced, that it was adjudged worthy of such combination as made individual spiritual organization.

Whether, as some think, this form was reached by special creative energy, by the voluntary cohesion of intelligent spiritual atoms, or whether some, to mortals, unapprehended power of parentage produced this organization, passing, as in earth-life, from conception to birth, and from birth through infancy to childhood, youth and maturity, as to stature, could only be determined by revelation.

This the Latter-day Saints have, and the experience of man upon earth readily sug-

BODY AND SPIRIT.

gests that the same law of procreation which prevails in this life prevails in the life whence we came.

This idea is well expressed by the gifted inspirational authoress of that deep and thoughtful song of Zion:

In the Heavens, are parents single?

No;

the thought makes reason stare.

Truth is reason, truth eternal,

Tells me I've a mother there!

That this conception seems to find sympathy in experience, every heart bears witness by response.

The love of a mother is the most precious thing of earth;

nothing so unfaltering, so unselfish, so angelic as a mother's love; no wayward action, no unappreciative disposition, no studied indifference, no long separation, no wearying sickness, ever seems to blunt or extinguish a mother's love;

all else in life may fail—friendship, position morality, wealth—loneliness and neglect may settle as the sables of night on Nature's landscape, but the mother's heart turns ever in affection to her children, and her hopes fail not, as to their ultimate, redemption from even the most fearful fall.

Now, if amid the changes and perplexities of this life, we see so much devotion, what must have been the childhood and motherhood of the world behind?

First thought in regard to this would suggest that, as the ills of mortality are there unexperienced and unknown, the barriers which exist and bar the way to maturity here are there unknown also;

no such thing as early or infantile dissolution comes into spiritual experience;

while agency may be there eternal, there is such an eternity of accumulated experience that no chance, or accident, or disease, prevents the full development of spiritual manhood or womanhood, so far as stature is concerned;

food, clothing, climate, schools, associations, homes, are all surely so based and formed as to insure maturity to all of spirit born.

In the designs of the Almighty Father of the vast host of spirits who have peopled this planet, it was provided, that those who in the righteous exercise of their agency honored their first estate, should at some period receive a tabernacle upon the earth; whether spiritual organizations as individuals have to possess certain qualifications as to length of existence before they come here, we are not informed; but that there is method and order in their coming may easily be concluded from analogy; while each individual probably understands the necessity for new probation, it cannot be a change undertaken at random;

there must be provision made by procreation on the earth, before the spirit can leave its home; and as there can be no aimless wandering in search of bodies, so that they cannot go anywhere at will, would also seem to be self-evident.

Spirits tabernacle in heathendom as in Christendom, among the meanest and poorest, as among the most noble and wealthy of the earth;

they tabernacle with the red races, the black, yellow and white races, and in every conceivable condition of mental, moral and spiritual growth and development among those several races; they become subject to these diverse conditions, not so much, probably, as a matter of personal choice as because of parentage, or in some way as the penalty or reward of agency or worthiness, or of lineage in some phase of their pre-existence.

There appears to be a degree of humiliation in the path of progressive beings, nevertheless, to compress, within the tiny form of babyhood, that spiritual form which has lived and enjoyed the plenitude of spiritual growth and power for periods uncomprehended in earth experience, and must, except under vivid sense of blessing and power, to be secured only in this direction, be an apparent degradation;

so it was said of Jesus, that, "in his humiliation his judgment was taken away,"and no doubt this fact enables the spirit to pass ordeals, in which, could its functions and powers be actively exercised, might produce utter loathing and disgust.

At what time the spirit enters the puny tabernacle, we may not closely say;

some have thought this occurred at conception, others at what is known as ''quickening,"but with more propriety may we not suppose that the entrance of the spirit is at or about the moment of

BODY AND SPIRIT.

birth, when that life ceases which sprang from connexion with the mother?

A little imagination might further suggest that the first universal cry of infant being is the last realizing sense of entrance upon the period of its humiliation.

Philosophers and scientists, and nurses and parents have taken pride in marking and explaining the wonderful expansion and growth of infancy, through childhood and youth, to manhood, and much of this has been attributed to food, care, surroundings and to many other causes;

but that these will not induce continuous expansion and growth is apparent to all observation; after men and women attain their full stature, no generous diet or extra condition will enlarge, save in rotundity, the form; probably in the fact of condensed spiritual form, and its inherent elasticity, aided by food, we have the key to the average stature of humankind.

Under this thought some might ask:

What then is the condition of the spiritual form of those who die in infancy?

P'rom remarks made by the Prophet Joseph, it is understood that those who thus die will be raised as infants; and some have inferred that were it otherwise, the mother who laid her love and her life beneath the sod when the babe "went on,"would be unable to enjoy recognition of the loved, unless received as she laid it down.

This implies (what may be an error) that the recognition of family, and friends, and loved, depends upon the short and limited association of this life only, yet as the premises would be destroyed by other conditions, they therefore cannot exist as a general solution of the question;

for instance, a mother dies, as is often the case, during the childhood of all her children; they continue to live and mature, then have families of their own, finally yielding up the tabernacle at a ripe old age.

Now if recognition, if continuous love can only exist or find satisfaction in receiving the loved as last beheld, surely a vast volume of love by relentless fate is doomed to utter annihilation.

Is it not more reasonable to suppose that recognition in the spirit world will come quite as forcibly and as naturally from associations, friendships, loves and family groupings prior to the life that now is, as from the comparatively meagre and limited opportunities of the present?

It is not an uncommon thing to hear inquiries as to the subsistence of the spirit when identified with the body; if the spirit needed food and sustenance prior to this connection,the conclusion appears inevitable that it will need it under such connection.

Some have thought that inasmuch as spirit is the life of all creations—animal, vegetable and mineral that therefore in the processes of appropriation for the physical system, the spirit of these elements sustained the spiritual man organization, while the more crude elements of food went to the sustenance of the physical;

others have said that "the night of the body was the day of the spirit,"and that when the body in sleep is recuperating, the spirit is enjoying its own life, food, associations, and gathering strength for the succeeding daily union with the body.

It has been suggested that restless nights, unsound sleep and the lassitude consequent thereon are because of incomplete conditions in one or both; whatever there may be of truth in these conjectures, we need not now inquire.

VVe know that the body is, we know that the spirit is, we understand that it is "the spirit which quickeneth"which giveth life;"and we are pretty well assured, by observation and expert ence, that when the spirit makes its final exit from the tabernacle, no food, no application of science, no medical skill or human experience, possesses the secret of restoration, or can renew the vital spark, when once "the weary wheels of life stand still."The peculiarities of that severance of body and spirit which we call death is almost as inexplicable as the beginning.

As to how the spirit "shuffles off this mortal coil,"there may be many thoughts, but knowledge is very limited in the matter;

some have thought it to be a very painful process others, that being a natural order, it was without agony and without sorrow.

Much might be said on both sides, and yet the truth remain unreached.

It has been claimed

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

by seers that the [spirit is withdrawn gradually upward, cognizant of all surroundings until dissolution is complete;

and some have passed through trance conditions, have tasted partial separation, and returned with very unpleasant feelings to take for a longer period the tabernacle which had been so faithfully used.

How long the spirit remains with or around the body after death has also been the subject of conjecture; what the interest in regard to the old body, and whether, in view of the resurrection, there is not an expectant lingering until the old shell is committed to mother Earth, when "the spirit returns to God who gave it!"These reflections are but meant as a stimulus to thought, to comprehension of the facts and opportunities of individual life.

There are responsibilities connected therewith, covenants to be honored, some made, no doubt, prior to probation.

This coming was decreed, exit was anticipated and foreseen;

probation there, probation here, probation yet^to come, all working harmoniously through chastened, purified and enlarged agency, for the development of creative power and Godhead from the bravest and the best of men; then through and by that Priesthood which is bestowed, rendering unto Him all glory as unto "the King, immortal, eternal, invisible, the only wise God, by Jesus Christ, forever and ever."Thus the fringe of life and death is touched with trembling hand, if half presumptuous each will have his thought, and the problem is an absorbing and an interesting one.

"But there is a spirit in man, and the the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding."Whether the past or future is ours to rightly scan in this life, at all events we can realize that all the dispensations of Providence are just, and in reflection as to many of the loved who have gone, we say:

Angels of life or death alike are His.

Without his leave they pass no threshold o'er.

Who then would wish, or dare, believing this,

Against His messengers to shut the door?

H. W. Naisbitt.

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

After the form of government establishing the political condition of a people, comes the body of laws setting forth the rights and protection of individuals.

I intend to refer briefly to such portions of the Hindoo law as may appear somewhat peculiar to my readers.

Their law is comprised under three principal divisions—A'chara, which, in the language of the country means ceremonial and moral law; Vyavahara, a name for jurisprudence;

and Prayas-chitta, religious law, expiation or punishment for crime.

The Hindoo jurists, after separating religious and moral or ethical subjects from the body of law, bring it under two heads, namely, private contracts and forensic practice.

The first includes law, private and criminal; the second incorporates the forms of judicial procedure, rules of pleading, the law of evidence, whether written or oral, oaths and ordeal.

Laws of Menu, chapter viii, arrange the law into eighteen divisions, in the following order:

1. Debt on loans for consumption;

2. Deposits and loans for use;

3. Sale without ownership;

4. Concerns among partners;

5. Subtraction of what has been given;

6. Non-payment of wages or hire;

7. Non-performance of agreement;

8. Rescission of sale and purchase;

9.

Disputes between master and servant;

10. Contest onboundries;

11 and 12. Assault and slander;

13. Larceny;

14. Robbery and other violence;

15.

Adultery;

16.

Altercation between man and wife, and their several duties;

17. The law of inheritance;

18. Gaming with dice and with living creatures.

In measuring the foregoing classification, with the legal acumen of the present day, it appears crude—the civil and criminal law blended and mixed together.

It must, however, be borne in mind that

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

Menu lived at a very remote period, or if he only lived in fable, the Hindoo books setting forth the foregoing rude codification, have been in existence for ages, which proves that the author was not so far behind at that period in legal attainment.

It appears that the ancients were more intent on devising than classifying.

Classification is an attainment that belongs to the highest order of cultivated intellect.

Prior to the introduction of Blackstone's Commentaries and

Wood's Institutes, the body of English law lay strewn over an ambiguous mass of authorities, from which the jurist had to extract as well as he could.

Property with the Hindoos, as among all peoples, is the great subject of law, whether acquired by occupancy, descent, donation, or by contract and labor.

Property, no doubt, in the first stage of its existence, was measured by possession; and the system was early acquired of selling for a certain consideration, or transferring by buying and selling.

When any species of property changes hands through purchase, among the Hindoos, the transaction must 15e done in public to be valid.

"He,"says the law of Menu, "who has received chattel by purchase in open market, before a number of men, justly acquires the absolute property, by having paid the price for it."This must have been an ancient custom, for we learn from the book of Genesis, chapter xxxiii, that when Abraham bought a field to bury Sarah, the bargain was made in the presence of the people.

The ancient Saxons prohibited the sale of every commodity above the value of twenty pence, except in open market.

It sometimes occurred, under the head of "Sale without ownership,"that the vender was not the owner of the goods sold;

in such cases, to make the purchase valid, the vendee had to produce the vender.

"If,"says the law of Menu, "the vender be not produced and the vendee prove the public sale, the latter must be dismissed by the king without punishment, and the former owner, who lost the chattel, may take it back on paying the vendee half its value."

It is also common among the Hindoos, as among children, who ofttimes rue their bargains and have them annulled:

a provision being incorporated in their law, that the buying and selling of property not perishable may be revoked within ten days, at the whims of either party.

The fixed price of commodities is not governed by the law of competition, "But let the king,"says the ordinance of Menu, "establish rules for the sale and purchase of all marketable things, once in every five nights, or at the close of every half month, let him make a regulation for market prices."In relation to that part of the law classed under the title of bailments, or a delivery of goods in trust, it has frequently occurred in the history of India, that the rich were necessitated to conceal, or place in trust, much of their valuables, to keep them out of the hands of the spoiler.

When the owner would call upon the temporary custodian for the deposited wealth, the bailee, in many instances, would disclaim all knowledge of any such deposit, and daring the bailor or plaintiff to prove what he alleges, and by this system of trickery defraud the plaintiff out of his deposited wealth.

This principle of cunning deception must have existed from a very early period, for Menu has a provision covering such nefarious acts, which says:

"On failure of witnesses to prove a deposit, let the judge actually deposit gold or precious things with the defendant by the artful contrivance of spies.

Should he restore the deposit, he is to be held innocent;

if he deny it, he is to be apprehended and compelled to pay the value of both."In the line of personal services, and the disputes between master and servant occupy a very abridged place in their laws.

Hindoo servants are divided into three distinct classes.

First, a student who is preparing himself for the priestly order, who, while studying the Vedas, must do all the menial services of his preceptor, and for his hire receives instruction.

Second, artificers, who receive a stipulated amount for their"-services, and where no agreement is ma"de in relation to hire, receive one-tenth of what has accrued from their labor.

The third

APOSTACY.

class of servants are those engaged in agricultural pursuits, and are invariably paid in kind.

Those who attend cows receive one-tenth of the milk;

for the cultivation of cereals, one-tenth of the crop.

If a hired servant is delinquent in the discharge of his duties, he is fined and his wages are forfeited.

If he is debarred through sickness of doing what he agreed, he is allowed to perform the labor when his health is restored.

If he or his substitute leave a part of the stipulated labor unfinished, even if it be ever so small, he is deprived of his wages for the whole.

Those who tend cattle are held responsible for any injuries to them, as well as any trespass committed by them.

Debts on loans for consumption, together with the system of pledges, enter largely into the Hindoo code.

The security of law upon the person or property of the debtor is not sufficient; but the amount borrowed must be secured by a pledge, after the manner of the pawnbroker's system.

The Hindoo law on interest requires it to be paid in kind on loans in chattels, such as cereals, cotton, fruit, beasts of burden, etc.

This method of paying interest in kind was in vogue in Israel in the days of Moses, and with the surrounding nations;

in fact, the Latter-day Saints are familiar with this kind of barter, where money is not universally current as the medium of exchange for all commodities.

When this condition of things exists, men are obliged to exchange something they have for the products provided by the others.

William Fotheringham.

APOSTACY.

in.

We have shown that the Church established by the Savior in all its pristine beauty and purity was taken from the earth.

As none of the religious denominations between the time of the.ancient Apostles and the nineteenth century have received a new commission from heaven, it is sufficient proof that the effect of the primitive apostacy without interruption has extended to the present age of the world.

But for the information of the youth of Zion we will make a few extracts from ecclesiastical history, exhibiting the admissions and statements of learned professors of religion, which sustain us in this position.

Dr. Mosheim is the author of four large volumes of religious history,comprehendmg about eighteen centuries of the Christian era.

This work has been translated by Dr. Murdock, with copious notes, or extracts from the writers who lived contemporary with the times of which he writes.

From the translation of Mosheim's Eccles-iastical

Institutes we make a few quotations.

In speaking of the second century of the Christian era, he says, vol.

1, p. 142: "For the noble simplicity and the majestic dignity of the Christian religion were lost or at least impaired, when these philosophers presumed to associate their dogmas with it, and to bring faith amd piety under the dominion of human reason."On pages 182 and 183 of the same volume we are informed that, to conform to the customs of Jews and Pagan priests, rites and ceremonies were added to the simplicity of correct worship, and a "large part therefore of the Christian observances, and institutions even in this century had the aspect of the Pagan mysteries."Passing on to the third century, on p.

257 we have the following;

"All the monuments of this century which have come down to us, show that there was a great increase of ceremonies,"p.

259, "Baptism was publicly administered twice a year to candidates who had gone through a long preparation and trial."Of the fourth century we learn from p. 345 that the regard for Platonic philosophy was embraced and mingled with the doctrine of the Savior, "Hence it is that we see on every hand evident traces of excessive veneration for Saints in

APOSTACY.

heaven;

of belief in a fire to purify souls on leaving the body;

of partiality for priestly celibacy;

the worship of images and relics, and for many other opinions which in process of time, almost banished the true religion or at least very much obscured and corrupted it."Of the fifth century an account is given of imposters perpetrating artifices to make people think they were miracles and thereby induce them to embrace Christianity.

Religious teachings we are informed, ''were substantiated, not so much by the declarations of the Holy Scriptures as by the authority and logical reasonings of the ancient doctors."Page 455,: 'The whole Christian church was in this century overwhelmed with these disgraceful fictions."We might proceed with similar quotations relative to subsequent centuries intervening between the fifth and the time of the Reformation, but the foregoing will suffice to show that religious matters grew worse from one age to another, presenting to the world a mass of religious confusion.

Although there may have been honorable men who protested against these evils, it is very evident that genuine authority and the principles of the Gospel in their purity could not be derived from such a corrupt source, for we are informed in the Scriptures that an evil tree will not produce good fruit, nor a bitter fountain send forth sweet waters.

As neither Luther, Melancthon, Huss, Tringle, Calvin, nor any of the Reformers of that age, received revelation from heaven, authorizing them to establish the church, we find that the world was still without the plan of salvation, and that the products of the Reformation as religious bodies, are the offspring of the mother church, described in the Scriptures as the "Mother of harlots and abominations of the whole earth."

This unnatural mother, like some of the fashionable women of modern times, (whose husbands and illicit patrons, are zealously opposing the Latter-day Saints) endeavored to procure abortion, but failing in this she tried to destroy her children after birth.

Both attempts being futile the children grew to years of maturity and in turn gave birth to other children, and so on until now there are several generations of them living. This spurious offspring being without natural affection have been and are still quarreling with each other, and casting missiles at their mothers, and grandmothers, as the case may be.

In the midst however, of this religious spectacle, there are and have been many honorable people who have realized the fallen condition of the world and were honest enough to acknowledge the same.

From Elder John Morgan's Tract No.

we make the following extracts: "Roger

Williams refused to continue as pastor ever the oldest Baptist church in America on the grounds that there was 'no regularly constituted church on earth, nor any person authorized to administer any church ordinances, nor can there be, until new Apostles are sent by the Great

Head of the church for whose coming I am seeking,'(see Picturesque America, page 502), Smith's Bible Dictionary also says: 'We must not expect to see the church of Holy Scriptures actually existing in its perfection on the earth.

It is not to be found thus perfect either in the collected fragments of Christendom or still less in any one of those fragments.'The names of sixty-five learned divines and Biblical scholars are on the preface page, as contributors to and endorsers of this book.

"Mr. Wesley states that the reason the gifts are no longer in the church, 'is because the love of many wax cold, and the Christians had turned heathens again, and had only a dead form left.'(See volume 1, Sermon 94.)"The situation of the religious world is beautifully expressed in poetic verse on page forty-one of the Latter-day Saint's hymn book, in a hymn from Wesley's collection.

In speaking of the golden age of Apostles and Prophets, when the

Saints were endowed with spiritual gifts and graces, the writer says, "Where shall we wander now to find Successors they have left behind?

The faithful whom we seek in vain,

Are 'minished from the sons of men."

APOSTACY.

Ye different sects who alldeclare, "Lo here is Christ or "Christ is there"!

Your stronger proofs divinely give,

And show me where true Christians live."We will now quote from Prophecies in the Bible which will illustrate how plainly the Prophets foretold what the writers from which we have quoted clearly show to have been verified.

"Behold, the days come, saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the

Lord: And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east;

they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the Lord, and shall not find it."Amos, viii, 11, 12.

Thus we learn from this that the time was coming when men should seek to the four points of the compass, and in all directions and yet fail to find the word of God, but we find the Bible in every direction, and that is said to contain the word of the Lord.

Very true, but that word was directed to past generations, and is a record of the dealings of our Heavenly Father with His children in bygone days.

This sacred record states as follows:

"Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secrets unto his servants the prophets."Amos, iii, 7.

From this we learn that if there are no prophets of the Lord, then our Heavenly Father is doing nothing in a religious sense among the people of this earth, and if he is doing a work among them for their redemption then there must be prophets.

By this it will be easy to learn whether the prediction of Amos has been verified or not.

Who, previous to the year 1827, for many centuries, in their researches, has found an inspired prophet who could stand in the midst of the people and say "Thus saith the Lord?"Have not the people denied prophets, and the visions of heaven? We learn from the nineteenth of Revelations that "the testimony of Jesus is the Spirit of Prophecy."Therefore if any have had this testimony they have been inspired with the Spirit of Prophecy.

And again we are informed by the Savior, as written in the sixteenth of John that the "Spirit of Truth shall guide into all Truth,"and "show you things to come,"who has seen things to come?

And where is the word of the Lord?

Surely not with those who deny apostles and prophets.

We learn from the twenty- fourth of Isaiah that the effects of this ancient Apostacy would be so universal as to cover all classes of society, even affecting not only the religious and social circles, but the business transactions of the human family.

In the second verse he says: "And it shall be as with the people, so with the priest;

as with the servant, so with his master;

as with the maid, so with her mistress;

as with the buyer, so with the seller;

as with the lender, so with the borrower;

as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him."By reading the fifth verse of the same chapter we learn that even the earth upon which we dwell is seriously affected.

He says: "The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof, because they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting covenant."As a testimony to the fulfilment of this Prophecy, thousands of people in the American union are witnesses to the fact that in many parts the land will not produce such prolific crops as it would several years ago, and is gradually growing weaker and losing its virtue.

Many places, once fruitful in producing the necessaries of life, are now turned aside, as being too poor to cultivate, and are occupied by hedge grass, sassafras bushes and growths of small pine.

Such is the rapid decline of the strength of the soil.

We have been informed that in Tenneseee, some of the people desiring to learn why the soil was losing its virtue, took several bushels of the earth, and had it analyzed. The analysis revealed the fact that the soil had lost its salt, and was therefore comparatively of but little worth, only to be trodden under foot of men.

This test of the soil in the State of Tennessee, is a fair sample of the same condition of the land in many other places.

These are the terrible effects as Isaiah informs us of the inhabitants of the earth transgressing "the laws,"changing "the ordi-

APOSTAC Y.

nances,"and breaking the "everlasting covenant."Among other important features wherein the

Everlasting Covenant has been broken is that pertaining to the Marriage contract which, agreeable to the laws of heaven, is binding through time and eternity, not recognizing death which is said to be the "wages of sin"as having power to sever that which is joined together by the power and authority of God.

The world is now following the pattern of the Sadducees (who denied the Resurrection), and therefore pronounce the ceremony of marriage ''until death do you part."In speaking of the latter times, Paul informs us 1 Timothy, iv: that some should give heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of Devils;

speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron.

Forbidding to marry, etc.

This prophecy reminds us very much of the repeated attempts of Congress to prohibit the Latter-day Saints from obeying the Lord's commands relative to the Patriarchal order of Marriage;

being urged to enact hostile measures against the Saints, by the false reports of those who speak "lies in hypocrisy,"professing abhorrence to a principal of righteousness which makes "marriage honorable in all."

Another prophecy which vividly portrays the religious state of affairs in the last days is that contained in 2 Timothy, iii, I-—5, as follows; "This know also that in the last days, perilous times shall come.

For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good;

traitors, heady, high minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God:

Having a form of Godliness, but denying the power thereof;

from such turn away."This is so plain that no one need to doubt its verification.

So clearly setting forth the very evils that are now prevalent in all the civilized nations of the earth.

While these evils may arp'y to the world at large, it is evident that they were directed specially to a certain class of people.

Not to infidel nor atheist, nor yet to the heathen nations, who are unaccpuainted with the name of the Savior, and with what is termed Christianity.

It applies to those religious bodies who as Paul declares have "a form of Godliness, but deny the power thereof."This plainly describes the situation of the Christian world at the present time, who, while they have, various forms of worship, deny the gifts of visions, prophecy, healing, tongues, and nearly all the manifestations of the power of the Lord, as enjoyed by the ancient Saints.

In fine they deny the Gospel, for that, says Paul (Romans i), "Is the power of God unto salvation."The Apostle, it appears, would not attribute to them even true forms of worship, for he says they have "A forin not the form of Godliness.""From such"says Paul "turn away."If all would receive this admonition and "turn away"from these powerless forms, what would become of the churches that are now extant.

With the foregoing positive predictions, upon this subject, and the facts before us, in verification of the same, we can testify that the words of Isaiah have been fulfilled, wherein he says:

"Behold the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people,"and that nothing short of more revelation direct from heaven would have placed the present generation in possession of the Everlasting Gospel.

We have now briefly shown, that many of the ancients fell away from the Gospel, that the faithful remainder were warred against by the enemies of Truth, and the last remaining of the Saints who held the Priesthood, leaving no successors to continue the work of the ministry, the plan of salvation was taken away from the earth;

and that the results of the ancient apostacy were universal and have extended down without interruption to the present century.

The gloom that these serious events would cast upon the minds of the honest in heart who saw this sad picture unfolded to the gaze of the world, and which would effect their

A VIOLETS ADVENTURES.

posterity in future generations, was greatly relieved when they beheld while enrapt in heavenly vision, angels from the mansions of glory descending to the earth with the Gospel message in all its purity and holiness to deliver to the sons of men, causing the "poor among men to rejoice in the Holy One of Israel."The Apostle John while in banishment upon the Isle of'Patmos, says: "And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven having the Everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people.

Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him;

for the hour of his judgment is come:

and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters."Revelations xiv, 6, 7.

There are now thousands of honest hearted people upon the earth who testify that the angel spoken of in the foregoing quotation, visited Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and delivered to him the Everlasting Gospel.

Scattered Israel is coming:

to a knowledge of the Truth, while the day is.

dawning, spoken of by Jeremiah: "O Lord, my strength, and my fortress, my refuge in the day of affliction, the gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit."Jeremiah xvi, 19.

These predictions are being and will be fulfilled to the very letter, and as the Apostacy and its effects were universal, so will the Restoration of the Gospel be universal, extending to every nation, kindred, tongues, and people, until, when Satan shall be bound, and the voice of "peace on earth and to men good will,"shall be heard from the "rivers to the ends of the earth;"when "the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea,"and when, "they shall not teach every man his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, know the Lord:

for all shall know Me, from the least to the greatest."Matthias F. Cowley* A VIOLET'S ADVENTURES.

"True fame is hardly to be bought,

She sometimes follows where she is not sought."A wild Violet that grew very snugly sheltered at the foot of a high hill, once shook hands with a wandering Fairy, and was immediately seized with a great desire to know where the sun went to when it set and sank.

This was perhaps a mere excuse for a wish to see the world, and to gratify vanity on the Violet's part;

for it no sooner found that it could hold intercourse with beings of superior order, than it began to look down upon its neighbors and old friends.

It very ungraciously snubbed a young Fern that had been attentive to it, and had helped to carry water to it many a time.

As for the young Primrose which it used to admire so much, the Violet would not vouchsafe the poor creature so much as a single word.

And the wild Violet was very firm;

for the Fairy had told it that it could only succeed, if it kept itself aloof from all companions, and told no one of its secret.

So it lay and waited, and, whenever it felt a warmer glow of life thrilling through its fibers, it hoped and dreamed its deliverance was now near at hand, and shut its ears to all that was going on near by, which before used to interest it much.

And it fell into the habit of speaking to itself and laughing at the low aims of its old friends.

"As for affection,"it would reflect, "that's all humbug!

The Fern helped me because it was its nature to and couldn't help it; and as for that Primrose, she thought to mate with me and be honored—poor, pale, yellow thing!"and even as he looked the Primrose seemed to fade and shrink away.

But the Violet had no time to make any work about that: he had his own

A VIOLETS ADVENTURES.

business to mind; and just as the Primrose shrivelled and died, the Violet was loosed from earth, and, with a cheer that escaped him in spite of his resolution, he broke away from his old home without so much as an adieu, and made directly towards the sun setting, as he had intended.

"Ah!"he said to himself, "I'll soon be famous—men will learn to speak of me with respect and admiration;

for I'll find out the secret of the sun, and come back and tell all about it, notwithstanding that I once lived in that mean hole east there;"and he quickened his pace again as he thought of it.

So he wandered all day, till the sun-setting, when he sat down to see if he was making any progress.

He could not convince himself that he had made much; but then he thought, "It is a great work, and doubtless demands much time;"and in sheer weariness he lay down on the bank to rest.

He had not lain very long, when he was rudely shaken, and, looking up, he saw his friend the Fairy and a great number of others, some of them with heads like men, and others with the strangest appearance but almost all of them giggling, and laughing, and dancing about in the oddest manner.

"Rise, and join us!"said the Fairy.

"I need rest,"said the Violet, rubbing his eyes and looking round in amazement.

"We are your friends,"said the Fairy, "and friendship is better than sleep.""I don't know that,"the Violet ventured to say, a little shortly, for he was almost unable to keep his eyes open.

"We'll prove it to you,"said a pair of Compasses and a Triangle, that trotted up together, and peered into the Violet's face, in a way that would have been disrespectful if it hadn't been so evidently serious.

"We are masters of the ceremonies,"said they, "and look to the rules;

so get up;

it is our pleasure so!

When the rest dance, we work; but for all that, we're the masters here!""It's all right,"said the Fairy, who had all this time been listening; "take this, and that will do for sleep, and better too;"and he gave the Violet a little white powder and sprinkled some liquid over his face.""Put the powder on your tongue,"said a Fairy Leaf that came up at the moment, "and that'll make you right;"and he turned and pirouetted away again.

The Violet did as he was bid, and in a moment—O, delightful sensation!—all weariness had vanished;

and, like the others, he felt impelled to dance and sing.

It was as though all the dull bliss of growing was pressed or concentrated into a single instant of time.

So he mixed with the rest, and gave himself up to the spirit of the party, and poured forth his thoughts to any one that would listen, in language so sweet and convincing that he wondered at himself.

A Drumhead was very attentive and proved a remarkably good listener, gaining the

Violet's respect immensely by his quietness, and his easy way of saying "Ha, ha!""Yes, yes!""So!""Quite so!""Re-ally!""Do you say so!""Hum!""Well, I never!"and so forth.

The awkward thing was, that they were followed by a Trombone, whose weakness was not to listen, but to make himself heard, as he went alongside blowing every now and then, on which the Drumhead once or twice whispered to the Violet, "He's a good fellow, and very useful to me, but he's cracked, quite cracked with vanity,"—here touching his forehead significantly—"and one must just humor him."When the first faint light of morning came, all the Fairies vanished, and the Violet felt solitary and worn out.

But whenever he thought of his great object, he resolved to go on.

So he wandered for awhile, till the sun became strong, and, reaching the border of a field, he thought to himself that he had better lie down and rest.

But the buzzing of bees, and the chirping of crickets, and the singing of birds, and the very sound of the branches as they waved in the breeze that languidly stirred now and then, distressed him, and wouldn't let him sleep; and while he listened, as he really could not help doing, he began to fancy he heard words distinctly.

At first it was just a vague hum, such as

A VIOLETS ADVENTURES.

you, my reader, may sometimes have heard on suddenly coming close to a village school;

but by-and-by he could more and more clearly make out words:

"The Violet is full;

the Violet is full!"He felt flattered at this notice; but turned round desiring sleep.

He could not banish the words, however.

They kept ringing in his ears, till his brain was quite in a fever, and he rose and walked on through the wood.

The sun had sunk, and he had some difficulty in finding his way, as he had nothing to guide him aright now.

He was sorry that he had not asked some advice on the point from the Compasses and the Triangle, who seemed to be so grave and so knowing; but he had not mentioned his secret to them, as he had not any opportunity of asking the Fairy if it would be right for him to do so.

The windings of the wood and the confused state of his mind at length made him loose all reckoning.

He tried and tried to discover his exact whereabouts, but could not manage it, and went round and round in a maze as it seemed to him.

To his horror, as he sat on a bank looking about, he beheld a great red bull feeding quite close to him, and at sight of it he rose and ran, for he was afraid of being eaten up and dying the most terrible of deaths.

He was sure it was following him, and held on wildly, till his breath was almost spent in his breast.

He fell prone into a field, over a tree root, from beneath which, as it chanced, a Mole was just then looking out.

"Ah!"said the Mole, "you're in haste, and hasty folks are seldom well served.

You look faint—can I do anything for you?""I want water sorely,"said the Violet.

"You'll have plenty of it soon enough,"said the Mole.

"If it hadn't been for that, you wouldn't have found me here just at this moment."And as he spoke thunder pealed through the wood, lightning darted through the trees, and struck some of them, rending their strong trunks in pieces.

"Come into my house!"said the Mole, roughly pulling the Violet, "till I close the door against the rain.

It was for that I came up, and I may be too late, and we may both be ruined."And he at once set to throwing up earth in all directions.

The atmosphere was so close, and the place so dark, that the Violet thought he would have died; but the Mole pulled him along passage after passage—up and down, and down and up—till they came to a round hall, and there they sat down.

"I wonder to see you out at such a time,"said the Mole.

"I was seeking for my home—I'd lost my way,"answered the Violet;

for he remembered what the Fairy had said about keeping his great search a secret;

but his chief reason was that he thought the Mole would laugh if he was told that a Violet had been trying to find where the sun went to when it set and sank out of sight.

And then he began to describe the hill at the foot of which he had lived for so long.

"Oh, that must be'Snow-cap,"said the Mole; "you're very nearly lost in your own castle, for it's just at the border of the wood.

If you keep round to the left five minutes, or even less, will bring you to it.

But you can stay here quietly for the night, and then leave in the morning."

To this the Violet, faint to exhaustion, at length agreed, and lay down.

But there was little rest for him.

The Mole was busy most part of the night.

Now and again, the Violet heard the rain patter-pattering on the earth above, and a thunder-peal would rise over all else, and then he would tremble, so that the Mole would stop working, and look at him, and laugh to himself quietly, as he poked his sharp nose and hand-like paws in the wet earth.

"He's a tender fellow,"thought the Mole;

"but Violets are a good sort, and not given to travel.

He looks as if he'd had trouble, and so I'm glad I befriended him.

His folk may serve me some day, who knows?"

At length the morning came, clear and calm;

the air and the sky, with their freshness and odor, seeming as though Nature strove through them to atone for her angry passion of the night.

The Mole pointed out the way to the

Violet, and after warm expressions of gratitude,

A WOLETS ADVENTURES.

he bade the Mole good-bye, and soon found himself at his old home, where he at once went to bed, and slept soundly for a good many hours.

When he awoke, he found changes among his neighbors, though his absence had been so short.

Some had gone away, others had come.

The WoodSorrels and the Starworts were in the lodgings the Cousins Primrose and Cowslip had had, and the Ferns had added to their family, and were all the prouder and more overbearing looking that they had got a little red-headed.

The Violet took in these facts as he opened his eyes in a half-dreamy way, and he felt that he was being scanned and criticized by all and sundry around, and that the Ferns were speaking about him to the others in a very disparaging manner.

At first the Violet could not make out the words, but he shut his eyes and listened intently, and was sure he caught, amongst the gabble of flower dialects, "The Violet is full!

the Violet is full!"and he was seized with terrible chagrin and self-contempt in thinking of the airs he had given himself towards his neighbors before he had set out to find the secret of the sun.

"And here I am again,"he thought, "and perhaps they will contrive to make the place too hot for me.

If they do, I'll take staff in hand once more and ascend the hill;

they can't follow me there!"The days passed slowly and heavily, and the Violet did not feel any more at peace;

his neighbors treated him coldly, and seemed to combine against him, and kept up a constant chatter in which he was sure he heard himself named.

So one fine morning he started, saying to himself "It may be all for the best.

Why should I remain to disturb their peace or destroy my own self-respect by staying among people who despise me?

I've heard say it's cold up there, but I deserve no better, and perhaps even there I may grow a little!"So with a sore and humbled heart he set forth on his road.

He journeyed for three days, only resting as long as to enable him to take refreshment.

On the evening of the third day he found himself resting on a jutting spur of the mountain.

The sun was sinking, and as he looked he suddenly exclaimed "I have found the secret, when I no more hoped to gain it, but only peace and quietness.

Instead of traveling the plains, one must clamber higher and higher up towards the cold snow-peaks to see the sun the longer.

Perhaps if I struggle to the top of this mountain it may be made all clear to me."So, nerved with a new hope, he pushed on day by day, higher and higher, till he reached near to the summit, where patches of snow lingered in the shaded hollows even until summer time.

There was a murmur of water and a cold air stirring, but he said to himself "I like it;

this is the place for me."And planting himself in a crevice where some grass grew sweet and green on a little ridge, he settled himself and waited for the sunset.

It was so glorious that it completely overwhelmed him;

for long after the sun was lost to all below he could see it, and see it growing more brilliant and beautiful every moment.

"It's worth the trouble and the sacrifice,"said the Violet; "here will

I abide and do my duty, and strive to grow in the added light of the sun; and though men may call me the Mountain Violet, and tell of my past foolish ambitions, that will not matter, since they will once more speak of me with respect, if not with honor, and since in spite of the coldness of my dwelling, I shall be longer than any of my old friends in the blessed light of the sun."H. A. Page.

Justice delayed is justice denied.

Gladstone.

True worth is in being, not seeming, In doing each day that goes by

Some little good, not in dreaming

Of great things to do by and by.

To rejoice in another's prosperity is to give content to your own lot; to mitigate another's grief is to alleviate or dispel yjur own.

T. Edwards.

MORMON AND JEW—A MODERN PARALLEL.

MORMON AND JEW—A MODERN PARALLEL.

During the last few months the people of this mighty nation have been placing themselves in a somewhat absurd position, for whilst they have been gushing over the barbarities practiced upon the Jews in Russia, they have at the same time been working themselves into a state of almost unexampled excitement with regard to the imaginary iniquities of a few of their own citizens whose chief sin, according to popular clamor, lies in the practice of a principle especially regulated and commanded by the greatest of all Jewish lawgivers, Moses, the prophet of the Lord, a practice further sanctioned and sustained by the greatest minds that have made the Jewish race illustrious.

The absurdity of the position of the unthinking masses of the people of the United States becomes all the more lamentable when we recollect that whilst in Russia the ignorant populace have been murdering Jews, ravishing their women, destroying their property and driving them from their homes, the same barbarous treatment has been applaudingly advocated by prominent Americans as the proper mode of treatment to be used in the solution of the Mormon problem.

That it has not been used is simply the result of providential circumstances.

Were the Mormons scattered throughout the United States as the Jews are scattered in Russia they would be used just as ruthlessly;

but being gathered together in one place, remote from the centres of hostile population, mob violence is not adopted, in fact, is not possible.

That this is not overstrained is shown by the gross barbarities practiced upon the Latter-day Saints in Missouri and Illinois, at times when the excitement was less intense and less general than it has been of late.

Want of opportunity, not want of will, must be acknowledged as the reason why we have not to deplore outrages as violent and bloodthirsty in this land as has disgraced, and is now disgracing the people of Russia.

There is a marked similarity also in the action of the governments in both countries.

It is openly charged that in Russia the government officials are at the bottom of these troubles, that where they do not secretly egg the populace on, they at any rate fail to protect the Jews or adequately punish their barbarous persecutors.

In this country it is well understood that the destruction of the Mormon Church is recognized in political circles as an "administration measure,"and all the power of the party lash has been applied to those Republicans who ventured to express their disapprobation of the violent measures sought to be used against the members of that church.

Members of Congress have been bulldozed, threatened, cajoled, misrepresented, and abused until, for peace sake, they have quietly submitted to what they realized in their inmost souls was a most flagrant departure from both the letter and spirit of the grand old Constitution, and from the true genius of re.

publican institutions.

It may be well to draw attention to the causes that have led to these simultaneous assaults on the two representative branches of the house of Israel—Judah and Ephraim.

For though the pretexts for the onslaught are widely different, the originating and secondary causes are much the same.

The hypocritical railers at polygamy, which is made the war-cry against the Latter-day Saints, have less true cause for their vindictive hatred than have even the ignorant masses of Muscovy in their fanatical outbursts against the

Israelites.

The charge of taking usury made against the latter may sometimes be true.

But even if it be the Christian nations are themselves greatly responsible for the evil by preventing, through unwise and oppressive legislation, the Jews from engaging in many legitimate trades, businesses and professions open to other citizens.

But in both cases the popular war-cry is only a subterfuge, and in that of the "Mormons"one of the most remarkable instances in the world's

MORMON AND JEW—A MODERN PARALLEL.

history of "Satan rebuking sin,"even if plural marriage be a sin, which we deny.

What will future generations think of a nation of adulterers persecuting, proscribing and punishing a people for getting married.

Consistency whither hast thou fled!

The originating cause of this present crusade against Israel is unperceived by men.

It lies in the hidden mysteries of the history of this world.

The times of the Gentiles are nearly fulfilled, and the hour is close at hand when He whose right it is to reign shall reign and rule and triumph.

Satan perceives his time is short and is stirring up the hearts of those whom he controls to war upon those who are the heirs to the promises; promises made by Jehovah, the fulfilment of which cannot be prevented.

From this originating cause proceeds another, which indeed is closely allied to its original.

But it is perceived by men who cannot fathom the mysteries of the just, which, first revelation alone can explain.

It is the echo of that pitiful wail of the Pharisees of old, that their place and nation would be taken from them.

Strange though it may appear a dread has come over the nations with regard to the rapid growth of these two branches of Jacob's favored race.

Regarding the Saints in these valleys, the readers of the Contributor are aware that while years ago it was the fashion to belittle us and our efforts, the policy of time-servers has now changed and the works and doings of the ''Mormon"are everywhere exaggerated.

It is claimed that we are holding a political power that controls all this region, that that power is growing so rapidly that before many years we shall hold the balance of political power in the whole nation.

This is a calamity, according to the ideas of some, to be so greatly dreaded that no measures are too outrageous to prevent it; but why we should not have the same political rights as others is a question that they have never been able to rightly answer.

The Constitution of the United

States makes no provision for the dividing of the citizens into two political parties and only two, and that all others who decline to be numbered with either one of those parties should be ostracized, disfranchised and expatriated.

The Constitution was never intended for such vile purposes, but some partizans seem to act as though the supreme law of the land made it treason for any man not to affiliate with one or other of the dominant factions that are to-day destroying the liberties of this Republic.

But enough with regard to ourselves.

Let us turn to the Jews.

The same dread with regard to them is taking possession of the masses in Europe, as is felt in America with regard to the people of Utah. Like us they are increasing more rapidly than the surrounding populations.

It is but a decade or so ago that their disabilities in the leading nations of the old world were partially or wholely removed, but already they are pushing into prominence as the men who politically and financially hold the destinies of nations in their hands.

The time to favor Israel has come!

Let us examine whether this apprehension regarding the more rapid increase of the Jews than of their Christian fellow citizens is warranted by facts.

A late statesman states that "the Jews in Europe have generally fewer children than the Catholics and the Protestants, but they do not lose so many of their children.

They marry younger, and relatively the proportion of illegitimate births is half of that of the Christians in France, and two thirds of that in Russia and Prussia.

As to their numerical increase, it is as three to two with the

Protestants, and three to one with the Catholics."It is this last clause that shows where the apprehensions of the Christian populations find their origin;

still if it were not for the facts that this development proves that a new vitality had been infused into the old stock, we, with others, would be led to suggest that "These figures do not explain much, and we are somewhat astonished at the statisticians who are frightened, and say, what will become of the Christian countries covered by the rising tide of Judaism?

Early Christianity has overcome a much more terrible flood of paganism, and it

RESURGAM.

is not the numerical increase of the Jews which can explain the anxiety which they now inspire.

How is it that Christian Europe, orthodox Russia, Protestant Prussia, and France in Algiers tremble for the future of their civilization?"If the house of Judah were any ordinary race we should be perplexed with these same questions, but knowing something of the future of that people we can understand why it is that the nations are dismayed at this, one of the proofs of the commencement of the fulfilment of the sacred prophecies.

"Coming events cast their shadows before."Geo. Reynolds.

Kind words produce their own image in men's souls, and a beautiful image it is.

They soothe and comfort the hearerThat unfinished block is my master, and I am its obedient pupil.

Angela.

SPIRIT MEMORIES.

There's a song of songs in my heart to-day,

A song the angels are singing While my thoughts in holiest faith essay

To gather the music ringing.

'Tis a song whose words in a sweet refrain,

And melody sweetly falling, Are like dreams, that, vanishing, yet remain

In memories faint recalling.

And the song that lingers in memory,

Recalls a heavenly glory In the scenes of elysian homes

I see That faintly are shown before me.

There's a home where brothers and sisters dear,

And mother, a queen of heaven,

As a childhood's dream of another sphere,

Appears through a vail light riven

And the glimpse I see of this home of love, My heart oft thrills with the longing To regain this beautiful home above,

With spiritual kindred thronging

And the song of songs in my heart must be

A song I have joined in singing With my kindred there, ere eternity

Rolled on, my probation bringing.

And this song of songs I may hope to hear, The vail be completely riven, When my spirit meets with the angels near,

Returning in joy to heaven.

J. L. Townsend.

RESURGAM.

How oft true greatness glides through life alone

Unsought, unheeded—yes, almost unknown

Strong in weakness, great, in humble guise,

In thread-bare suit Serene in beauty that attracts no eyes, A harp that's mute Mute?

Ah, why?

Because no harper's hand Sweeps o'er its strings, Without the orchestra it doth ever stand.

No song it sings.

A ship becalmed upon the open sea,

All set her sails, No breezes rise to set the vessel free, All effort fails.

Motionless, within the vast expanse,

Rocked to and fro, But yet without the power to advance,

Its wealth to show.

The helmsman watches for the rising breeze,

The telling cloud He feels beneath his feet the vessel heave,

He shouts aloud The sails begin to fill, the breeze is strong The sea to foam With all her load of wealth she darts along,

And points for home.

But drop all metaphors—thou hast gained the port, With thy soul's wealth And now, whate'er is thine, whate'er thy forte, No need of stealth.

The broad expanse of heaven is thine, The platform free Grand spirit now "arise and shine,"

Among the Gods to be Hannah T. King.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, May, 1882.

JOSEPH L. BARFOOT.

We heard some one relate a dream the other day, in which he saw a congress of eminent persons convened in the Spirit World.

One might suppose, if there is anything in the dream, that the summons to attend had not been confined to the distinguished of Paradise, but extended also to the great among the sons and daughters of earth.

A moment's reflection calls to mind many of the most advanced thinkers, philosophers, poets, statesmen and philanthropists, who have within a short time, passed on to the abode of the spirits.

Carlyle, George Eliot, Emerson, Longfellow, Draper, Darwin, Garfield and many more might be named, whom we readily imagine associated together in a conference of the great and learned that have gone before.

In such an assembly where the intelligence and learning of a lifetime here below is canvassed over and found to reach but a little way beyond, we contemplate one whose earthly researches have been illumined by the Spirit of eternal light, rising in their midst to show the ''more excellent way."

Such an one, endowed with the acquirements that have distinguished the greatest here on earth, and with the knowledge of the sublime truths of everlasting life, is the spirit of that good and lowly man, whose name is at the head of this paper. He was a man whose knowledge and scholastic attainments qualified him to mingle with the deepest thinkers of the age; but circumstances, in a great measure, barred him from their society.

Where he is free from those encumberments—in the Spirit World we can but feel that his mission is to such as we have named, and that to the honest and upright among them, he is like a bright and shining star, pointing out the path that leadeth onward and upward eternally.

Joseph L. Barfoot was born March 29, 1&1.6,'in Warwick Castle, England.

Pie was 'justly entitled to be cradled in the historic halls of England's nobility, being himself a lineal heir to one of the most eminent earldoms of the realm.

His father's ancestral line descended from no^ less a personage than Robert Bruce, the warrior king of Scotland, while his mother's was from the celebrated Bishop Ridley, one of the martyrs who perished in the flames of Smithfield.

He was at the time of his death the rightful heir to the Earldom of

Crawford.

At the age of eighteen young Barfoot enlisted in the Royal Marines of the British navy, serving several years with honor to himself and family.

On procuring his discharge from the marine service he joined his father in London, who was at that time superintendent of the London City Mission, a philanthropic educational institution for the benefit of workingmen, which was patronized by the distinguished philanthropist Lord

Ashley.

While in London he engaged in the manufacture of gutta percha goods, and was employed for a time as butler to a London banker.

His career up to the time of receiving the Gospel in February, 1856, was one of varied and interesting experience, bringing him in contact with the circumstances of his fellow men in such a way as to indelibly impress upon his heart the desire to do them good, as the noblest work of life.

With this sentiment operating as his silent monitor he was in a condition to gladly receive the principles of the Gospel, as not only the means of saving his own soul, but of gratifying in an immeasurably enlarged degree his wish to benefit his fellows.

From the day Brother Barfoot entered the Church to the end of his life, he maintained, without wavering, the faith

EDITORIAL.

that sanctified all his accumulation of knowledge to his own glory, and the encouragement and help of his associates in life.

It was a notable feature in his investigations of science that he never failed to discover in the phenomena of the universe that which glorified the great Creator.

In this respect he differed with many professed scientists whose custom is "to take the things of God to prove there is no God."His intelligence and extensive information qulified him eminently for the various duties that devolved upon him in the Church.

Shortly after his baptism he was chosen to preside in the Chelsea branch, London, and subsequently he became President of the Holborn, Hammersmith and Lambeth branches successively.

In this capacity Brother Barfoot labored with great zeal and effect, his influence winning many converts to the Church and strengthening the Saints.

He was a kind and fatherly counselor to the young Elders sent to London from Zion;

many of whom cherish deep in their memories, acts of disinterested friendship that made their missions pleasant and profitable, where they might have been otherwise.

In Brother Barfoot gathered with the Saints, coming direct to this city, his wife and daughter having preceded him two years.

He immediately entered into business and was active in demonstrating by successful experiments the feasibility of manufacturing soap, candles and several useful chemicals from the elements so profusely abounding in the mountains.

None of Utah's citizens were better acquainted with the wonderful resources of her mountain ranges, fertile valleys, springs, rivers and lakes.

For many years before it was deemed prudent to develop the mineral wealth of the mountains. Professor Barfoot was familiar with the location of gold deposits and silver ledges, had analyzed copper, iron, zinc and antimonial ores, and from knowledge of their abundance predicted the great future of the

Territory as a producer of mineral wealth.

His predictions are now being partly realized, but he died in possession of secrets relating to the minerals of Utah, which had he lived and been supplied with means to develop, would have given to our Territory a fame among the precious metal producing States that would have outshone California in her brightest days.

Science and capital may yet unite to demonstrate the truth of this remark.

Let it then be remembered that the humble curator of the Deseret Museum foresaw the union and foretold its happy results

For several years Brother Barfoot was engaged in President Brigham Young's office as night-watchman.

In that position he was brought in close relations with the President, who valued his clear, scientific judgment and spent with him many hours of the watch, attending with great interest his explanations of natural phenomena and consulting him upon endless questions involving a knowledge of the sciences.

The friendship formed by these night vigils lasted during life and was one that Professor Barfoot was ever proud to allude to in terms that clearly showed how warmly he was attached to those whom he knew well and loved.

In the literature of the Territory, Brother Barfoot has been a faithful, though extremely modest worker.

He has contributed under various mms de plume to all of our home papers and periodicals.

The readers of the Contributor have been indebted to his pen for "Chronicles of Utah,"and an occasional scientific sketch. He always signed the name of the Greek letter "Beta"in this magazine.

His correspondence with eminent people of the world and published communications to the outside press, have been the means of enlightening many thousands respecting our people and country.

It is unnecessary to say more of his labors.

As curator of the Deseret Museum he has for years dispensed information and collected valuable natural curiosities, that will in years to come be of great value to the citizens and all the material interests of this Territory.

Our beloved brother is gone, having performed a noble part among men.

He breathed his last on Sunday morningi

RALPH WALDO EMERSON.

April 23d, dying peacefully, as he had lived.

For several months he had suffered from bronchitis, aggravated no doubt by too close confinement to his duties in the museum.

Though perfectly assured that all is well with him and that our temporary loss is his eternal gain, there are thousands who knew this gentle, kind-hearted, intelligent soul, and are indebted through the public prints as well as by private association for his wise and ever-willing instructions, who will feel a pang of sorrow as they read the sad tidings of his decease.

He was one of nature's noblemen, refined and cultured in her highest school, and possessed many of the traits which alone make human nature admirable.

With an apparently unbounded store of learning, he was as humble and unassuming as a child, and was only too happy to gratuitously impart the knowledge which was often credited to an inferior origin.

The rightful claimant of a British earldom, "an heir of flattery, to titles born,"he cheerfully relinquished all hopes of earthly eminence, for the surer and more lasting honor of the approval of heaven, and the guerdon of an endless exaltation.

With the blood of the martyred Ridley flowing in his veins, he ever manifested the same willingness to stand to the death by his religious convictions, while as the descendant of a kingly hero, he battled bravely for the truth, in defending which he gained a far more glorious victory than even the Bannockburn of his warlike ancestor.

His extensive knowledge and many amiable virtues would have won him worldly wealth and distinction, but these to him were the merest baubles, compared with that higher knowledge, which to know is to have eternal life; and though poor as to this world's possessions, and obscured to a great extent by his own native meekness and modesty, he contentedly remained so for

Christ's sake, relying with calm confidence upon the promise of the Savior, that whosoever humbleth himself shall be exalted, and the declaration of the Almighty Father, in whose eternal bosom it is decreed that the poor and the meek of the earth shall inherit it hereafter.

RALPH WALDO EMERSON.

Within the short space of four weeks, America has lost two of her ablest writers—Longfellow and Emerson.

Scarce had the gray-haired poet closed his eyes on the objects of this world, before the philosopher too was called from our midst.

Ralph Waldo Emerson, the second son of William Emerson, was born in Boston, May 25, 1803.

At the age of fourteen, young Emerson entered Harvard college, where he graduated in 1 82 1.

While at college he gave few indications of the remarkable powers which he possessed, and was indeed considered rather dull in mathematics and philosophy, notwithstanding an excellent essay on "The present state of Ethical Philosophy,"delivered in his senior year.

Having made up his mind to enter the ministry he turned his attention to theology, and was about to begin preaching, when his health failed and he went to the Southern States to spend the winter.

In he became pastor of the Second Unitarian Church of Boston, and shortly after married his first wife, Ellen Louisa Tucker.

For four years Emerson discharged faithfully and conscientiously his duties as minister, but having some doubts as to the efficacy or even authority of the rite of the Lord's Supper, and not being sustained in his opinion by his congregation, he resigned his office and sailed for

Europe.

While in Europe he met many distinguished men, among whom were Horatio Greenough the sculptor, Coleridge, Wordsworth and Carlyle.

Between the last named writer and Emerson there grew up a firm friendship which lasted until death.

On his return

RALPH WALDO EMERSON.

to America in 1833 he began lecturing on different topics.

Two of these lectures, the one on Michael Angelo, and the other on John Milton were the first publications from his pen, they appearing in the North American Review.

In 1835 he married Lidian Jackson, his first wife having died a few months after their marriage, and moved from Boston to Concord where he continued to reside until his death.

Soon after his second marriage he began lecturing in all the principal cities of the United States, winning, in this field, a reputation which will long survive him.

In 1836 Emerson's first book called "Nature,"was published.

Of all his works this, to me, is the most delightful, the most congenial.

Quiet, calm, yet steadily glowing with a serene eloquence, the book holds a place more in the heart than in the mind.

Take, for instance, his observations on the stars when he says:

"Seen in the streets of cities how great are the stars If they should appear only one night in a thousand years how would men believe and adore!

But every night come out these envoys of beauty and light the universe with their admonishing smile."

Listen again to his tranquil enjoyment of nature: "The greatest delight which the fields and woods minister is the suggestion of an occult relation between man and the vegetable.

I am not alone and unacknowledged.

They nod to me and I to them.

The waving of the boughs in a storm is new •to me and old.

It takes me by surprise and yet is not unknown."In rising to higher questions, of which this work treats, such as "Spirit,""Immortality,""The human soul and the divine spirit;"the writer loses much eloquence but gains vigor; and the happy, soothing influence of the language in the less weighty subjects discussed, though not entirely missing, is less apparent.

He concludes the book by exhorting us to build up a world of our own that we may enter the "kingdom of man over nature,"with "no more wonder than a blind man feels who is gradually restored to perfect sight."The first series of Emerson's "Essays,"was published in 1841, the second in 1847.

These essays treat of many subjects that cannot be mentioned in this sketch.

A first volume of poems also appeared in the latter year.

In 1848 Europe was again visited by Emerson, and twenty years later he made a third voyage to the Old World.

On his return from his second voyage he published "Representative Men,"and some five years after, "English Traits."His other prose writings are "The conduct of Life,""Society and Solitude,"a third volume of "Essays,"and "Letters and Social Aims."As a poet Emerson ranks high in the minds of many.

Mr.

Fotheringham says "It is only a certain defect of rhythm and ryhme which prevent him from being the greatest of American poets."Opinion is divided as to which is his best poem, some giving the preference to "May Day,"some to the "Concord Hymn,"and some to "The Song of Nature."In April last the sad tidings of his death were received throughout this country and England, where he has been almost universally admired as a writer, and in many instances beloved as a friend.

In Concord he is mourned as only a good man can be.

He was at all times a teacher and helper to those in any way associated with him; and endeavored, through his writings, to be both to all mankind.

His remains were laid to rest on the thirtieth of April, in the Concord cemetery, near the graves of Hawthorne and Thoreau.

And here he sleeps that sweet sleep forevermore where "haughty Hope, nor swart Chagrin,

Nor murdering Hate can enter in."C.

T.

Charles Lamb remarked of one his critics:

"The more I think of him, the less I think of him."Coleman the dramatist was asked if he knew Theodore Hook, "Yes,"replied the wit: "Hook and eye are old associates."

2 54 PROPHETIC DREAMS.

PROPHETIC DREAMS.

Several instances are recorded in the Bible in which the future was made known by dreams, and the interpretation of dreams was sometimes an important part of the prophet's mission.

Dreams in all ages have been believed in as affording indications of the future.

In ancient Greece it was believed that dreams came from the great Jupiter, the king of gods.

In ancient Egypt and Babylon, the interpretation of the monarch's dreams was an important state office, and was entrusted to a college of wise men.

In consulting the Greek and Roman oracles, it was common, after performing sacred rites, to sleep in the temple, so that the information desired might be made known in dreams.

Ancient philosophers wrote treatises upon the interpretation of dreams, and even Bacon seems to have believed that something might be learned from them.

In modern times, however, very little attention is given to dreams, and they are generally dismissed from the mind with only a passing thought.

The popular saying, "As idle as a dream,"well expresses the sentiment of people generally in regard to this kind of phenomenon.

This popular estimate of the nature of dreams is undoubtedly a just one as regards dreams generally.

Yet it is possible that there may be exceptions.

Some dreams may have a meaning which it is important that the dreamer should interpret aright, and understand its import.

The mind, sometimes, in sleep can do that which it failed to do when awake.

A difficult mathematical problem which, during the working hours, had baffled all efforts for its solution, is sometimes solved with ease during sleep.

Many events, experiences, and impressions which apparently had long been forgotten, and could not have been recalled in the waking state, may come back vividly to mind during sleep.

The mind can accomplish some tasks during sleep which it could not accomplish during the waking hours.

It is possible that the mind, during the sleep of part of its faculties, may receive at times foregleams of the future, which, rightly interpreted, may be of advantage to the dreamer.

In ancient times, too much reliance was placed upon dreams.

In these modern times it is possible that dreams are too indiscriminately thrust aside as belonging to the vagaries and fancies of the night.

Some very remarkable instances have occurred in which dreams have come to pass in the manner revealed to the dreamer.

According to the London News, on the occasion of the terrible railroad accident from which Charles Dickens narrowly escaped with his life, there was in the same train a lady and gentleman just landed in England, after their return from India.

Just before the accident, the lady said to her husband:

"I see the great wave rolling;

it is close to us;"and then the crash came, and she was killed.

The husband was unhurt, and at a later time, explained the strange words of his wife.

Ever since they set out from India, she had been haunted in sleep by the dream of a vast silvery wave, and always as it was about to break on her, she had wakened in terror.

This was the wave which she recognized immediately before the accident which caused her death.

Prof. Hedge relates that "when Andre", in a visit to friends in Derbyshire, before his embarkation for America, was introduced to a certain

Mr. Cummington, that gentleman recognized in him the original of the countenance of a man whom he had seen in a dream, arrested in the midst of a forest, and afterward hung on a gallows."The subsequent death of Major Andre in the manner indicated in the dream was a remarkable point in its fulfilment.

Prof.

Hedge, in commenting upon this dream and others in which the event took place as foreseen in the dream, regards them as tending to show "that the soul is essentially clairvoyant; when not impeded and overpowered by the action of the senses and the exigencies of the waking life, it seems to be taken up into unison with the universal spirit, to which

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

there is no here nor there, no now nor then, and to have sight not only of what is, but of what has been, and what is to be."During our long civil war, many instances occurred in which men were forewarned in dreams of their own death or that of their comrades.

A week previous to the battle of Fair Oaks, a New York volunteer dreamed that in just one week there was to be a great battle, in which he would be killed while charging across a field; that two sergeants of his acquaintance would be killed in the woods, one shot in the breast and the other in the groin, and that a large number of others would be killed.

The soldier appeared so depressed in spirits the next day that his companions rallied him about being homesick, and he reluctantly told his dream.

In just a week the battle took place, and the dreamer was killed in full sight of his regiment, and the two sergeants were killed, twenty minutes after, in the woods, one shot through the breast and the other in the groin, just as had been foretold in the dream.

More than fifty men, it is said, were witnesses of the truth of this statement.

The night before the cavalry fight at Brandy Station, a trooper who slept as he jogged along in the column, dreamed that a certain captain in his regiment would be unhorsed in a fight the next day, and while rising from his fall would be wounded in his left knee.

He told the captain his dream, but was laughed at for his credulity.

But in the very first charge the next day, the captain was unhorsed by the breaking of the girth, and was pitched heels over head into a patch of briars.

While he was struggling out his horse was killed by a shell, and a fragment mashed the captain's left knee so that he had to have it amputated.

Three days before the engagement at Kelly's Ford, "a corporal in the Sixth Michigan cavalry dreamed that a brother of his, who was a sergeant in another company, would have his horse killed in the action, and would almost immediately mount a dark bay horse with a white nose.

Within five minutes both horse and rider would be killed by a shell.

This dream was related to more than a score of comrades fully two days before the fight.

Early in the action the sergeant's horse was struck square in the forehead by a bullet, and dropped dead in his tracks.

It was scarcely three minutes before a white nosed horse, carrying a blood stained saddle, galloped up to the sergeant and halted.

He remembered the dream, and refused to mount the animal, and soon after picked up a black horse.

The white-nosed animal was mounted by a second corporal in another regiment, and horse and rider were torn to fragments by a shell in full sight of four companies of the Sixth."In the last instance, apparently, the life of the sergeant was saved by heeding the admonition of the dream.

The writer who narrated this and other similar instances, adds, that "there was a time when a soldier's dream saved Gen.

Kilpatrick's life;

when a dream changed Custer's plans for three days; when a dream prevented Gen. Talbert's camp from a surprise and capture;

and when a dream gave Gen.

Sherman more accurate knowledge of Early's forces than all the scouts."Numerous other instances of prophetic dreams might be narrated, but enough has been adduced to show that there is something worthy of considerate attention in some dreams, however trivial the greater part of them may be.

The prophetic revelations made through dreams in ancient times are perhaps sometimes repeated in these modern times.

Phrenological Journal.

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

Gaskell's Compendium of Forms;

dedicated to the young men and young women of America for home improvement.

This excellent work has already been quite extensively circulated in parts of the Territory through the indefatigable labors of canvassing agents.

The new edition contains eighty pages more than the former one, and is probably the most complete encyclopedia of reference on social and business forms published.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

The self-teaching course in penmanship and bookkeeping is very thorough and of great value to anyone who wishes to attain proficiency in those branches without a teacher.

The following testimonial from Dr.

John R.

Park, Principal of the Deseret University will be read with interest:

"I have found 'Gaskell's Compendium of Forms'a most valuable book for easy and comprehensive reference, containing as it does so much useful information relative to social and business life that is otherwise accessible only through an extensive and well selected library, makes it a valuable and economic compend, suited to every household and to every business office."

Mr. Powers is the general agent for this valuable book.

He desires canvassing agents throughout the Territory, to whom liberal terms will be given.

The price of the Compendium is $6.00.

Address, R. M. Powers, P. O. Box 1084,

Salt Lake City.

The Youth's Companion, of Boston, is a sprightly, entertaining paper, deservedly popular, and is, without exception, the best of its kind published in America.

It is filled to overflowing with the choicest original matter, of so diversified a character that it may never fail to interest, instruct and amuse, and is welcomed in the household by old and young alike.

Serial stories will be contributed to the YoutJi's Companion during the coming year, by W. D. Howells,

William Black, Harriet Beecher Stowe and J. T. Trowbridge.

No other publication for the family furnishes so much entertainment and instruction of a superior order for so low a price.

Americanisms.—It is amusing to note the list of Americanisms, as they are termed, to which attention is frequently called in English newspapers.

A recent issue of a London paper contains what it calls a "poem,"from an American publication, and proceeds to notice three of its Americanisms;

"busted,""shinned up the tree"and "kerslup."It is probable that some Americans are in the dark as concerns the use of these words, and find them as much of an etymological puzzle as does this English writer.

The "poem,"too, will hardly be considered American classic, and Americans will be more inclined to smile than to feel disturbed at the serious way in which such doggerel is received.

The lines referred to are as follows:

"And I stayed below in the rosy glow

While she shinned up the tree;

But no sooner up than down kerslup

Came the beautiful Annabel Lee."

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i.

Elias is a name signifying Restorer, and is applied to John the Baptist, because he was "filled with the Spirit of Elias."In the two sections referred to we see no reason to suppose that Elijah, whose mission was "to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers,"is identical with Elias.

They are spoken of as separate individuals each bearing his own message.

J. W.

2. The Apostles were selected and ordained by Jesus himself, and in his name they performed miracles, etc., the endowment at Pentecost was preparatory to the commencement of their labors independent of the personal direction of

Jesus, and the outpouring of the Holy Ghost (in confirmation of the promise,) was now their guide, to "bring things past to their remembrance,"to show them "things to come,"and to "lead and guide them unto all truth,"its wondrous manifestation of tongues gave testimony that their mission was to be universal, for in their "own tongue,"the vast multitude heard the "wonderful works of God."H. W. N.

3. Dr. Brown of Haddington, and most commentators on the Bible, generally agree that the Scriptures bear them out in the supposition that the tribe of Dan went into idolatry,and for this reason was rejected, while the superior blessing of Joseph accounts for Manasseh being substituted.

We are not familiar with any modern revelation which throws additional light upon the subject.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

GUSTAVESOM'S DOUBLE ACTION Life-Lasting Hobbles AND Patent Nose Sachs.

iK GIVEN AWAY J TO CUSTOMERS Ab follows:

$50 Concord Harness.

50 Buggy Harness.

25 Buccara Saddle.

C.

J- GUSTAVESON.

66 and 68 Second South St., Salt Lake City.

IS New and Second Hand, VIESEt"!^ CHEAP, Call and see J + P+ SORENSOI k C0M 16 MAIN ST.

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

rati Brosu 123, 125, 127, 129, MAIN STREET, Salt Lake City, FURNITURE, Cornice aid Curtains, etc., rs, etc.

UPHOLSTERY Children's Carriages and W Wagons.

fill jjojpU SPECIALTY IN LADIES'and GENT'S id mmi IB NOVELTIES IN Neckwear, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery, Embroidery and Laces.

VA^SSft} Salt Lake Cilv, Utah,

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Ha Di Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane Mills, James Leffel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Gliddcn's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street,

ELIAS MORRIS, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P.

0. Boz, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, G7 and G9 Main Street.

1st South St., No.

2nd South St, WHITE & SONS, Proprietors Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IN"SEASON.

POEK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOG1TA, And all kinds of DBIED:fcv£ B -A-T S.

£S?° All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

P 124 and 126 East Temple Street, Announce that they now receive the Largest and best Selected Stock of

Ever shown in this Market, Consisting of!p IfiM&Mp 98mi MOSTLY OUR OWN IMPORTATION.

IS COMPLETE IN EVERY LINE.

MM MB FAHC7 MODS, G9BSET8, BUTTONS, UGES, SUM Of Latest Design and Lowest Prices.

BOOT ^.^TID SBIOB:DE3P.A.IVX,2!v£E2a,,X l Ladies', Misses', Children's Shoes and Slippers, of best Makes, Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters, Alexis Ties, Ladies'Dolmans, Ulsters, Dusters, Suits of Latest Styles, Skirts and Underwear, at Popular Prices.

MILLINERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES, AT WHOLESALE ONLY.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

mm kjfl d Violins, Aceordeons, Guitars, Flutes, Banjos, Brass nstrnments, Drums, ^™1 And all kinds of Musical Instruments, Music, Music lioobsi, Strings and Fittings, AND Best and Cheapest at, CARELESS'GROXALL'S MUS/0 HOUSE, 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City.

f seistxd for. catalogues.

9 -& J> p. j^ARDY.

P. ft. fiARDY HARDY BROTHERS, SUCCESSORS TO A. ID. YOUNG, DEALERS IN Q 2<3 «Sc 26 n^adn. Street,, Opposite i3. C.

ILv£. I.

E£*& SALT.LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Ketail Dealer in And all kinds of Dry Goods, Groceries, Soots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions ISO BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES, P.

0. BOX. 352- s.

:p. teasdel, East Tempic Street HOWARD SEBKEE, AT salt zcaiesiie:

astdd ocKDEisr, -cttaez, SELLS THE TIGE E Tlie IBest in the Market.

Also the Champion Reapers and Mowers- A full stock of the celebrated Baith Wagons, Racine Spring Wagons oun*$ he twee/ ledOliver Chilled, caul Moline Ploiv8> m* A&i, 6G*hmi WAjftitAa£JBi*> gE2j£ fOJJ PBICB l!W<, "s g

ADVERTISEMENTS.

xw The Leading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

pN Mercantile Establishment CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

fcmrr|1 in the West;

S^ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

"WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent:

J±. "W. COOMBS, PAINTERS, FIRST SOUTH STRUT, HMR TIIATRE.

Painting in all its Brandies at Reasonable Prices.

Office and Yard.

Corner East of Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEALS IN Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Rear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Rear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, One

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Plows all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares for all sizes of

Plows.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond Cultivators, Weir Harrows, and other Agricultural Implements.

All Implements warranted tc be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

M, WAMM&GM, VOICE # WARNING, AND ALL, THE Publications of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, FOB SALE BY DESERET NEWS COMPANY.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SOLID WALNUT FEAMES.

OF FEICE S3. 00 A PAIRAT CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

j &.

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS MD NOTIONS, GROCERIES, WOODENWARE, and TINWARE,

CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE, STOVES, GLASS, ETC., ETC.

Our Stock is larger than ever and cannot be excelled by any house west of the Quality d Prices Guaranteed b Hive Satisfaction ORDERS BY MAIL SOLICITED.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS Emporium Buildings, Salt Lake City, Utah.