V0L m.

JUNE, 1882.

k No - 5 77/*'Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE GOJfTjU BUTOJ?

/4 Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNC MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, ITABT.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

IX.

Spirits - Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

VI Moses Thatcher Body and Spirit.

II H.

W.

Naisbitt Laws of the Hindoos Win.

Fotheringhain Man's Origin and Destiny O.

F. Whitney The Echo Canon War.

VII Vaux The Art of Writing Rex Garibaldi.Selected.

A Trip to Denmark.

III.

Copenhagen DeVaUibus The Holy Ghost C. H. Bliss Reminiscences Hannah T. King At Rest Homespun Editorial:

Atlantis The Teannette Youth's Companion The Lost Colony John S. Sleeper Girl and Empress Selected IT STANDS AT THE HEAD!

THE LIGHT RUNNING DOMESTIC!

THE BEST IN THE WORLD.

If you buy a Domestic SEWING MACHINE, And should desire any other kind after using it Two Months, we will exchange and give yon one of any other make that retails at the same price.

We keep all kinds of machines and—See the—

Btfore you buy a Sewing Machine

Agents for the Western Territories.

Main Street, Near Co-op.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A, J. JOHNSON ROYCE REAPERS, RICHMOND MOWERS The Lightest Draft Machines in the Territory, and the Favorite on account of their Excellence and Low Price.

ROCK ISLAND FLOWS, STEEL and CHILLED

SULKY RAKES, Hand and Self Dump, Sold from same yard by Lynch and

Cottrell.

Send for Price List and Circulars.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DEALER?

Call on or Address J. JOHNSON P. O. BOX 571, SALT I.AKJS CITY,

ADVERTISEMENTS.

ROTHERS IN OUR Can be found all the NEW SHADES of BLACK and COLORED

Silks, Satins, Satin DeLyon, Surah Silk and Satin,

Plaid, Stripe and, Plain Velvets, all colors.

IN OUR *«,.,YJmM Uvvm9 & WE HAVE BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE, ALPACAS, TARNISE CLOTH, PLAIDS, STRIPES, and all kinds of Plain and Fancy Dress Goods.

jflfai\ *w$iR A ® ^fe^ ft Is well supplied with a Full and Complete Assortment of.Ribbons, Laces, Embroideries, Kid and Cotton Gloves, aM sizes and qualitiesTi^zivin^xiNro-s. latest stitles.

LI CORSETS.

CORSETS.

CORSETS.

CES.

| p ^p^lS^fss WLW1PKIIWPI JfcJP JkW-^J'- - M. Mlm MsA Jt&F IkJ •>

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SCHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT UNO SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH, and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of tlio Mattest Improved Fbfm fflHm®Mim®& t -A.ca-Easr'r t^or. the celebrated

DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling* "Wire and DPatent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederiek Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO. A. LOWE, OGDEN, UTAH.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DJWWOODEY'S, First South. Street Salt Lake City.

IDAHO STORE.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

Manufacturer and Denier in 300 VRIE TIES!

SLAITT AMH RI IIF* 4 Ton Scales. $60, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS aud SCALES.

BRANSON KNITTER Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons'.

Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc., KNITS A SOCK IN 5 MINUTES.

JOH1T "SK7\ S1TELL.

C»n teach you to Knit in ONE HOUR.

One Block South of Theatre.

P. 0. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

f« CAPITAL, $200,000.

'.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIBECTOBS:

WM, H. HOOPER, Prest., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Prest.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

(2)ecbleTs in Hcu-rdujood, j§olts,

Itoti, Steel, g CHAINS, AND/LL KI^DS OF FA\M FIXTURES.

(flG^ We kindly invite our friends to call and examine ^F Srff i\^ ^* 'Agents for the

Qelebrated our stock before purchasing «* Q I STUDEBAKER FARM AND SPRING WAGONS, elsewhere.

£% rt A J\M Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, •7|f|M'8 FURST & BRADLEY SOUTH BEND CHILLED PLOWS, A*'HARROWS, SULKY PLOWS and BAKES,

Etc.

IFVRJSID.

TTTZRIfcTIE::]^, S-o.pexixLterLd.erLt.

LOGAN BRANCH Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF SI Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS -AJJSTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter. Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C.

WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

STUDEBAKER BROS.

MAN'F'G CO.

a°^y, South Bend,Wa MANUFACTURERS OF FarmyFreigM i SpringWagons, HMARS All sizes and styles of which we carry in stock, or will build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

CENTRAL BBANCM MOUSE, JAS.

B. GLASS, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Manager.

i LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo., flexible cloth, 10 vols., each, l."> cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Roscoc and

Stewart.

ISnio., flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo.

, flexible cloth, (i vols., each 45 cents.

Will he sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt af price

D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers, New York.

Boston.

Chicago.

SanFranoieco,

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

JUNE, 1882.

No.

9.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

IX.

SPIRITS.—I.

'•'Try the Spirits."Recent occurrences that have transpired among us render it an imperative duty devolving upon me to say something in relation to the spirits by which men are actuated.

It is evident from the Apostles'writings, that many false spirits existed in their day, and had "gone forth into the world,"and that it needed intelligence which God alone could impart to detect false spirits, and to prove what spirits were of God. The world in general have been grossly ignorant in regard to this one thing, and why should they be otherwise—"for no man knows the things of

God, but by the Spirit of God."The Egyptians were not able to discover the difference between the miracles of Moses and those of the magicians until they came to be tested together;

and if Moses had not appeared in their midst, they would unquestionably have thought that the miracles of the magicians were performed through the mighty power of God, for they were great miracles that were performed by them—

a supernatural agency was developed, and great power manifested.

The witch of Endor is no less singular a personage;

clothed with a powerful agency she raised the Prophet Samuel from his grave, and he appeared before the astonished king, and revealed unto him his future destiny.

Who is to tell whether this woman is of God, and a righteous woman—or whether the power she possessed was of the devil, and she a witch as reprensented by the Bible?

It is easy for us to say now, but if we had lived in her day, which of us could have unravelled the mystery?

It would have been equally difficult for us to tell by what spirit the Apostles prophesied, or by what power the Apostles spoke and worked miracles.

Who could have told whether the power of Simon, the sorcerer, was of God or of the devil?

There always did, in every age, seem to be a lack of intelligence pertaining to this subject.

Spirits of all kinds have been manifested, in every age, and almost among all people.

If we go among the Pagans, they have their spirits; the Mohammedans, the Jews, the Christians, the Indians—all have their spirits, all have a supernatural agency, and all contend that their spirits are of God.

Who shall solve the mystery?

"Try the spirits,"says John, but who is to do it?

The learned, the eloquent, the philosopher, the sage, the divine—all are ignorant.

The heathens will boast of their gods, and of the great things that have been unfolded by their oracles.

The Mussulman will boast of his Koran, and of the divine communications that his progenitors have received, and are receiving.

The Jews have had numerous instances, both ancient and modern, among them of men who have professed to be inspired, and sent to bring about great events, and the Christian world has not been slow in making up the number,.

"Try the spirits,"but by what?

Are we to try them by the creeds of m$n?

What proposterous folly—what sheer ignorance—what madness!

Try the

25§ SERMOATS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

motion and actions of an eternal being (for I contend that all spirits are such) by a thing that was conceived in ignorance, and brought forth in folly—a cobweb of yesterday.

Angels would hide their faces, and devils would be ashamed and insulted, and would say, "Paul we know, and Jesus we know, but who are ye?"Let each man or society make a creed and try evil spirits by it, and the devil would shake his sides, it is all that he would ask—all that he would desire.

Yet many of them do this, and hence "many spirits are abroad in the world."

One great evil is, that men are ignorant of the nature of spirits; their power, laws, government, intelligence, etc., and imagine that when there is anything like power, revelation, or v vision manifested, that it must be of God.

Hence the Methodist, Presbyterians and others, frequently possess a spirit that will cause them to lie down, and during its operation, animation is frequently entirely suspended; they consider it to be the power of God, and a glorious manifestation from God—a manifestation of what?

Is there any intelligence communicated?

Are the curtains of heaven withdrawn—or the purposes of God developed?

Have they seen and conversed with an angel—or have the glories of futurity bursted upon their view?

No! but their body has been inanimate, the operation of their spirit suspended, and all the intelligence that can be obtained from them when they rise, is a shout of "glory,"or "hallelujah,"or some incoherent expression;

but they have had "the power."The Shaker will whirl around on his heel, impelled by a supernatural agency or spirit, and think that he is governed by the spirit of God;

and the Jumper will jump and enter into all kinds of extravagances.

A Primitive Methodist will shout under the influence of that spirit, until he will rend the heavens with his cries; while the Quakers (or Friends) moved, as they think, by the Spirit of God, will sit still and say nothing.

Is God the author of all this?

If not of all of it, which does He recognize?

Surely, such a heterogeneous mass of confusion never can enter into the kingdom of heaven.

Every one of these professes to be competent to try his neighbor's spirit, but no one can try his own, and what is the reason?

Because they have not a key to unlock, no rule wherewith to measure, and no criterion whereby they can test it.

Could any one tell the length, breadth, or height of a building, without a rule?

Test the quality of metals without a criterion, or point out the movements of the planetary systems without a knowledge of astronomy?

Certainly not; and if such ignorance as this is manifested about a spirit of this kind, who can describe an angel of light?

If Satan should appear as one in glory, who can tell his color, his signs, his appearance, his glory?—or what is the man ner of his manifestations?

Who can detect the spirit of the French prophets, with their revelations and visions, and power and manifestations?

Or who can point out the spirit of the Irvingites, with their apostles, and prophets, and visions, and tongues, and interpretations?

Or, who can drag into daylight and develop the hidden mysteries of the false spirits that so frequently are made manifest among the

Latter-day Saints? We answer, that no man can do this without the Priesthood, and having a knowledge of the laws by which spirits are governed for as "'no man knows the things of God but by the -Spirit of God,"so no man knows the spirit of the devil, and his power and influence, but by possessing intelligence which is more than human, and having unfolded through the medium of the Priesthood the mysterious operations of his devices; without knowing the angelic form, the sanctified look and gesture, and the zeal that is frequently manifested by him for the glory of God, together with the prophetic spirit, the gracious influence, the godly appearance, and the holy garb, which are so characteristic of his proceedings, and his mysterious windings.

A man must have the discerning of spirits before he can drag into daylight this hellish influence and unfold it unto the world in all its soul-destroying, dia-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET

bolical, and horrid colors;

for nothing is a greater injury to the children of men than to be under the influence of a false spirit, when they think they have the Spirit of God.

Thousands have felt the influence of its terrible power and baneful effects; long pilgrimages have been undertaken, penances endured, and pain, misery and ruin have followed in their train:

nations have been convulsed, kingdoms overthrown, provinces laid waste, and blood, carnage and desolation are the habiliments in which it has been clothed.

The Turks, the Hindoos, the Jews, the

Christians, the Indians; in fact all nations have been deceived, imposed upon, and injured through the mischievous effects of false spirits.

As we have noticed before, the great difficulty lies in ignorance of the nature of spirits, of the laws by which they are governed, and the signs by which they maybe known;

if it requires the Spirit of God to know the things of God; and the spirit of the devil can only be unmasked through that medium, then it follows as a natural consequence, that unless some person or persons, have a communication, or revelation from God, unfolding to them the operation of spirit, they must eternally remain ignorant of these principles;

for I contend that if one man cannot understand these things but by the Spirit of God, ten thousand men cannot;

it is alike out of the reach of the wisdom of the learned, the tongue of the eloquent, and the power of the mighty.

And we shall all at last have to come to this conclusion, whatever we may think of revelation, that without it we can neither know, nor understand anything of God, or the devil; and however unwilling the world may be to acknowledge this principle, it is evident from the multifarious creeds and notions concerning this matter, that they understand nothing of this principle, and it is equally as plain that without a divine communication they must remain in ignorance.

The world always mistook false prophets for true ones, and those that were sent of God, they considered to be false prophets;

and hence they killed, stoned, punished, and imprisoned the true prophets, and they had to hide themselves "in deserts, and dens, and caves of the earth,"and although the most honorable men of the earth, they banished them from their society as vagabonds, while they cherished, honored, and supported, knaves, vagabonds, hypocrites, imposters, and the basest of men.

A man must have the discerning or spirits, as we have before stated, to understand these things, and how is he to obtain this gift if there are no gifts of the Spirit?

And how can these gifts be obtained without revelation?

"Christ ascended into heaven, and gave gifts to men, and he gave some Apostles, and some Prophets, and some Evangelists, and some Pastors and Teachers."And how were Apostles, Prophets, Pastors, Teachers, and Evangelists chosen?

By prophesy (revelation) and by the laying on of hands:—by a divine communication, and a divinely appointed ordinance—through the medium of the Priesthood, organized according to the order of God, by divine appointment.

The Apostles of ancient times held the keys of this Priesthood—of the mysteries of the kingdom of God, and consequently were enabled to unlock and unravel all things pertaining to the government of the Church, and welfare of society, the future destiny of men, and the agency, power and influence of spirits;

for they could control them at pleasure, bid them depart in the name of Jesus, and detect their mischievous and mysterious operations when trying to palm themselves upon the Church in a religious garb, and militate against the interest of the Church, and the spread of truth—we read that they "cast out devils in the name of Jesus,"and when a woman possessing the spirit of divination cried before Paul and

Silas "these are the servants of the Most High God that show unto us the way of salvation,"they detected the spirit, and although she spake favorably of them, Paul commanded the spirit to come out of her, and saved themselves from the opprobrium that might have been heaped upon their heads, through an alliance with her,

26o SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

in the development of her wicked principles, which they, certainly would have been charged with, if they had not rebuked the evil spirit.

A power similar to this existed through the medium of the Priesthood in different ages.

Moses could detect the magician's power, and show that he was God's servant, he knew when he was upon the mountain (through revelation) that Israel was engaged in idolatry;

he could develop the sin of Korah, Dathan and Abiram, detect witches and wizards in their proceedings, and point out the true Prophets of the Lord.

Joshua knew how to detect the man who had stolen the wedge of gold and the Babylonish garment.

Michaiah could point out the false spirit by which the four hundred prophets were governed;

and if his advice had been taken, many lives would have been spared.

(2 Chronicles xviii.) Elijah, Elisha, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and many other Prophets possessed this power.

Our Savior, the Apostles, and even the members of the

Church were endowed with this gift, for, says Paul.

Corinthians xii, "to one is given the gift of tongues, to another the interpretation of tongues, to another the working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another the discerning of Spirits;"all these proceeded from the same Spirit of God, and were the gifts of God.

The Ephesian Church was enabled by this principle "to try those that said they were apostles, and were not, and found them liars."Revelation ii.

2.

In tracing the thing to the foundation, and looking at it philosophically, we shall find a material difference between the body and the spirit:

the body is supposed to be organized matter, and the spirit, by many, is thought to be immaterial, without substance.

With this latter statement we should beg leave to • differ, and state that spirit is a substance that it is material, but that it is more pure, elastic, and refined matter than the body;

that it existed before the body, can exist in the body, and will separate from the body, when the body will be mouldering •in the dust; and will in the resurrection, Ibe again united with it.

Without attempting to describe the mysterious connexion, and the laws that govern the body and spirit of man, their relationship to each other, and the design of God in relation to the human body and spirit, I would just remark, that the spirits of men are eternal, that they are governed by the same Priesthood that Abraham, Melchisedec, and the Apostles were;

that they are organized according to that Priesthood which is everlasting, "without beginning of days or end of years,"—that they all move in their respective spheres, and are governed by the law of God;

that when they appear upon the earth they are in a probationary state, and are preparing, if righteous, for a future and a greater glory;

that the spirits of good men cannot interfere with the wicked beyond their prescribed bounds, for "Michael, the Archangel, dared not bring a railing accusation against the devil, but said, 'The Lord rebuke thee Satan.'"It would seem also, that wicked spirits have their bounds, limits, and laws by which they are governed or controlled, and know their future destiny; hence, those that were in the maniac said to our Savior, "art thou come to torment us before the time,"and when Satan presented himself before the Lord, among the Sons of God, he said that he came "from going to and fro in the earth, and from wandering up and down in it;"and he is emphatically called the prince of the power of the air;

and, it is very evident that they possess a power that none but those who have the Priesthood can control, as we have before adverted to, in the case of the sons of Sceva.

If a man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it from him.

Frahklin.

You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.

Froude.

A verse may find him who a sermon flies.

George Herbert.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

VI.

Discussing this subject with a prominent gentleman in the City of Mexico, about a year ago, who admitted the soundness of the position above taken, but was unable to comprehend how it was possible for two or more women to share the affections and embraces of one man, the writer remembers to have replied something in the following strain:

"Among the Latter-day Saints of both sexes, the grand governing principle that controls them is found in their religion, which, requiring the most rigid purity in man and woman, begets unbounded confidence between husband and wife. And while this, as a very general rule, is the case, they do not deny that the practice of patriarchal marriage, as God has required its observance of them, while having to combat the traditions of ages and contend against the prejudices and spite of the whole Christian world, is a great trial to both men and women who believe and observe the doctrine.

And while it makes men and women better and more noble in that it strikes with an unerring hand the very foundations of human selfishness, they would never willingly meet and endure the scorn and persecutions which are constantly heaped upon them, were their object of that base nature, which the Christian world so freely assert in their accusations.

Every thoughtful person must know, and, if honest, would admit that, if the "Mormon"people had in view the gratification of animal passion, they would seek it in the fashionable and less burdensome and responsible way than can possibly be accomplished by adding to the cares and labors attending the support and education of a numerous offspring. Our Christian friends, therefore, never did themselves less credit as discriminating readers of human nature than in advancing this ridiculous charge against the Latterday Saints.

Admitting that there are trials to be met and overcome in the polygamic order of marriage, are there none in the monogamic order?

And are there no trials to be found entirely outside of marriage? Do Christians expect to reach the repose of heaven without coming up through much tribulation?

Do they expect to abide in the glory of God through having persecuted and heaped tribulations upon the "Mormons"for obeying His commandments? To these questions there can be but one truthful answer.

Trials permitted by God, we can endure, but people often die under those needlessly inflicted by cruel men.

Let philosophers and moral reformers search the deep cords of the pure female heart, which vibrates with joy under the touch of honest truth, but shrinks and trembles in the bosom of the faithful wife who has well founded reasons for entertaining suspicions of the fidelity of her husband.

The anguish wrought by these dark suspicions can only be equalled by actual knowledge that he habitually associates and defiles himself with harlots, and then outrages decency by tainting her and branding with disease and moral deformity her children.

This, "Mormon"wives, living in plural marriage, do not have to endure.

If they share with other wives the affections of their husbands, they, at least, have the satisfaction of knowing that they are wives honorably acknowledged and held as such.

And they are not compelled, under the force of wicked customs, to receive the embraces of a man whom they suspect of association with private mistresses or public prostitutes.

Whatever may be charged against "Mormon"Elders, or, of whatever Christians may accuse them, their wives, thank God!

entertain for them the most complete confidence, never fearing that they will be untrue to their marriage vows, whether at home or abroad.

A knowledge and ever-present consciousness of this fact tends greatly to strengthen and to.give them courage to meet every trial which they, in serving God, may meet in life.

They are not ignorant of the prevailing customs of the Christian world, and.

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

while they can and do, with a pleasure and joy derived from conscious purity, receive the embraces of chaste, honest, upright husbands, they would feel contaminated by the touch of men who mingle with harlots and associate with the unclean.

So much for a religious training which comes with the power and demonstration of the Spirit, teaching men and women that they can be pure, and that God requires them to be so.

It may be no honor for "Mormon"Elders to be faithful to their marriage vows when performing such missions as no other men perform, often being absent from their families one, two, three and five years, but it is pleasing in the sight of God and ought, forever, to silence those who accuse them of licentiousness.

But whether it ever accomplishes this or not matters little so long as it brings its own reward in the confidence and love of their families.

The writer of these pages has travelled to some extent both in Europe and America, and has noted with deep regret the rapid increase of infidelity to the marriage vow.

The observing traveller meets it—aye the evidences of it are thrust upon him, everywhere—in the palace cars, in the palace hotels, on land and on sea.

He who regards the social question lightly, as not affecting the greatness and duration of a nation, knows but little of philosophy, less of correct theology, and is a poor student of history.

The nation which attempts, under present tendencies of civilized society, to solve the social problem without God, and without being guided by His revelations, will fail just so sure as the nation, failing to solve it by placing the relation of the sexes upon that high moral plain which shall enable them in honorable marriage to "multiply and replenish the earth,"shall perish. In the light of statistics, the enforced system of monogamic marriage among the

Christian nations is a failure in that it absolutely prohibits marriage in thousands of instances.

Monogamic laws in Massachusetts debar, to-day, seventy thousand women of this heaven-ordained privilege.

One-fourth of the inhabitants of the great cities of the United States who, as we have learned, are diseased, the ninety per cent mortality among unfortunate, illegitimate infants who escape an unnatural death, the heartless murder of those who do not escape a violent, untimely end, the myriads of harlots, public and private mistresses that swarm our cities and invade our villages and hamlets, scattering disease and death, the legions of men, married and unmarried, that support, encourage and make these while they poison the fountains of life and bring discredit and dishonor upon the marital relation, all attest that monogamic laws, under which monogamic marriages are alone enforced, are a complete failure even among pious Christians.

"By their fruits ye shall know them."The system sadly needs repairs;

for, like defective, worn-out machinery, it is all out of joint, producing discordant sounds and ricketty results.

According to the testimony of eminent and reliable authority, our nation is as corrupt to-day as Rome ever was.

How has this all been brought about in so brief a period?

By false teachings leading to false and corrupt practices.

Religious instruction which fails to reach, by force of precept and example, the hearts of the people with a clear conviction that every man and woman will be judged at the bar of God, not by their professions of faith, "but by the deeds done in the body,"will never prevent or overcome the tide of corrupting evils which thrive and accumulate among a fallen race ever willing to shirk individual responsibility, by adopting a belief that others will carry their burden of sin.

A religion that fails to reach fallen humanity, making bad men good, and good men better, removing the idea that one man, be he pope, potentate, priest or minister, can become responsible to God for the crimes of another, can never evangelize the world or stem the current of corruption and disease with which it is being fast overwhelmed.

A religion that follows the adulterer, the destroyer of chastity, the aider and abettor of infanticide, or the whoremonger to the deathbed, or the murderer to the scaffold, with a free offer of pardon and a pass

MORMON POL YGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

to heaven without restitution, does but offer, with this false doctrine, a premium on crime.

Let those who wish to know what will become of such characters read the eighth verse of the twenty-first chapter of the Revelations of John, and learn the value of such ministerial promises, and the fate of all liars who make them. The exponents of such man-made doctrine point out with great pleasure that the papal church is the "man of sin"of whom Paul speaks, because it has forbidden its clergy, on pain of excommunication, to marry, never thinking how they rejoiced when the Congress of the United States, under their promptings, passed an act, not only "forbidding to marry"on pain of excommunication, but on pain of fine and imprisonment.

Who shall decide which is the "man of sin,"the Roman Church or the Protestant

Christian nation of the United States?

Have they not, in view of the forcible and peculiarly striking language of the Apostle, both made, in regard to this matter, an unenviable record?

It is easy for the six hundred Protestant sects to point out the "Mother of Harlots"and cite scripture to sustain their position, but to an impartial looker-on, it is passing strange that they never tell us who and where the "harlots"are.

"By their fruits ye shall know them."

We now ask the attention of the reader while we briefly present a description of the fruits of "Mormonism,"including a plurality of wives, from the pens of several distinguished writers:

"Extract from a letter to the New York Tribune, by the Honorable ex-Secretary

Hugh McCullough, United States Treasury, written from San Francisco,

California, March 29, 1877:

'The people of the United States are under obligations to the Mormons. They have made Salt Lake Valley, once a desert, a garden.

One can hardly repress a feeling of admiration for their courage, patience and power of endurance which they displayed in their march—the most wonderful of which there is a record from Missouri over the trackless desert, with their wives and little ones, the aged, the sick and the infirm, in search of a home, where they could enjoy, without molestation, the faith they had embraced.

They have brought to the country many thousands of industrious, peaceable and skillful people, and added largely to its wealth.

Good judges and honest officials should be sent them, and in other respects the Federal government should let them severely alone.

Their history will afford abundant materials for philosophical speculation, but there is no danger of their being a political or social disturbance.'"Bayard Taylor says:

'We must admit that Salt Lake City is one of the most quiet, orderly and moral places in the world.

There are a few Gentile liquor saloons, but the Mormons, as a people, are the most temperate of Americans.

They are chaste, laborious, and generally cheerful; and what they have accomplished in so short a time, under every circumstance of discouragement, will always form one of the most remarkable chapters in our histoiy.

The Territory does not owe a dollar;

the people have established manufactories, built roads and bridges, irrigated wastes of sage brush, colonized the oasis of the interior desert for an extent of five hundred miles, and made a nucleus of permanent civilization in the most forbidding part of the continent.'""Henry Edgar, in the New York Evohition, July, 1877, says:

'The Federal government is doing at this moment a great injustice to the two hundred thousand Mormons in Utah.

We have no right to demand any conditions of Mormons more than Presbyterians or Methodists.

The Federal government, engaged in a crusade of extermination against a people with such a record as the Mormons have to show, is a spectacle of which no one can be proud.

Unfortunately we need not go into the Rocky Mountains to find debasing, superstitious and immoral practices, sheltering themselves under the cloak of religion; nor do we need to go to Utah to find polygamy openly and shamelessly practiced.

A polygamy which sacrifices utterly and dooms to a fate most horrible all the wives but one, deceiving and be-

BODY AND SPIRIT.

traying her also, is surely not very much morally superior to a polygamy that, for the first time in modern society, completely shuts out that horrible social institution, prostitution. That the Government of the United States can virtually introduce the brothel, the gamblinghouse, and various other charming New

York institutions into Salt Lake under color of abolishing Mormon polygamy, is unhappily only too plainly evident.

Driven by mob violence from one state to another, despoiled of their legitimate possessions—fruits of honest toil—this despised and grossly wronged people found their way at last across the trackless desert, and by an almost unexampled perseverance and industry created an oasis in the desert itself. To have the hands of our Government imbued any further in the blood of this hardy, industrious and remarkable people, at the bidding of an ignorant fanaticism among ourselves, linking itself with the spirit of shameless greed, to the infinite injury among us at once of religion, morals and real civilization, will be a deplorable, although only too natural pendant to our credit mobiliers and Freedman's bank swindles, our Rochester rappings, and popular preachers'perjuries, and the rest of the thousand and one kindred phenomena that are doing all that can well be done toward making the American name the symbol all the world over for not merely shameless, but even boastful fraud.'"

We have many evidences and endorsements like the above from sources not "Mormon,"of the temperance, frugality, industry, honesty, morality, perseverance, virtue, order and chastity of the

Latter-day Saints, but have not space for further insertions.

Moses Thatcher.

BODY AND SPIRIT.

So far only as we understand the nature of spiritual organization and its connection with the physical, or the body, can we understand ourselves or others.

It has already been assumed that there were no impediments to development in the spiritual sphere, that all conditions were favorable to the maturing of spirit-form at all events; and that such a thing as deformity, as undergrowth or overgrowth would, in the nature of things, be improbable;

that every spirit sent to tabernacle in the flesh had attained its full stature and some degree of experience and consequent perfection in the life behind.

This cannot be predicated upon the analogies of earth life, however, as they exist to-day. With this generation infant mortality is accepted as a matter of course; immature fruit falls from the tree of human parentage in vast porportion, if not in increasing ratio.

In "the beginning,"it was not so;

that most ancient record of mankind—the Bible, for over two thousand years of early history, gives no account of children passing away before their parents, a condition now so fearfully common as to create neither comment nor surprise.

Whether in the early ages spirit held a more tenacious grip on tabernacle, whether the spirits tabernacling in that period were in any sense select, and this generation is receiving the "fag ends"of spirit life, can remain for the present undetermined;

but it may be that there are physiological reasons for the slender hold such vast hosts seem to have on life; our race may be depleted and enervated from violation of law, and abuse of procreative function, until the stamina of a world's posterity is affected, and spirits, even unwillingly, have to be satisfied in the acceptance of shorter probation, and thus share with parentage the penalties of disobedience.

Spirits who have never been in tabernacle no doubt expect this probation to be one of more intense and different trial to any past experience, but yet they have such conceptions of the advantages to be derived from the possession of a body, with ultimate resurrection and

BODY AND SPIRIT.

power over death, that they, so to speak, are willing to incur considerable risk in the processes of exaltation;

It was once said by President Young that such is the anxiety for tabernacle experience among the spirits of eternity, that they will accept, or are willing to accept this condition in the very lowest depths of humanity rather than defer that privilege to an indefinite future; how far choice enters into the relationships of earth-life, we have no revelation, but the vast variety of that life provides ample food for speculation, and amply justifies theories which are everywhere held in this Church in regard to this condition being absolutely a condition of trial.

Now, how can an intelligent being, a spirit, man or woman, be so effectually tried as by giving associations foreign to their tastes, desires, inclinations, or ambitions?

To surround a cleanly person with filth, a pure one with lasciviousness, an intellectual one with ignorance, a cultured one with the rude, is surely trial even in the inward parts.

Persons used to wealth chafe under the restrictions of poverty; those whose language is chaste are repelled by the blasphemer and the vulgar;

the man of sober instincts simply endures, when unavoidable, the society of the drunkard; and it may be that many of the trials of this personal probation include conditions the antipodes of those experienced in prior probation and experience.

The crowned head may have been a servant, the beggar a soul of wealth, the unscholarly one versed in all advanced studies of the life behind the veil!

This exaggerated statement may not be inviting, but it is the faith of the Latter-day Saints that there is some relationship between the present and the past, and that if trial and position is not for the experience of opposites, yet that in some way present conditions are an unexplained deduction growing out of the past.

The Scriptures tell of certain ones who "kept not their first estate,"and of those who did there was no doubt every shade of devotion, of fealty, of determination in agency for the right.

To be sure some might seek to controvert this thought by an appeal to that incident in the life of the Savior, where the blind man was brought to him and the question was asked, "Did this man sin or his parents that he was born blind?

Jesus answered, Neither did this man nor his parents sin that he was born blind, but that the power of God might be manifest in him receiving his sight."Upon this basis it might be assumed that agency hardly determined all the conditions of earth-life, but it is clear that in the economy of God there are valid reasons for the several positions in which spirits do tabernacle among mankind. There is some law revealed or unrevealed, as we may assume, by which spirits receive bodies born of the red, white or black races; some in heathendom and some in Christendom;

some under what with a limited vision we call favorable circumstances, and some which by the same vision we would call unfavorable and undesirable.

Looking at matters from a human standpoint, there is a good deal of expressed, and vastly more unexpressed, dissatisfaction with condition and opportunities; some crave wealth, some leisure, some more congenial labor;

others crave better companionship, opportunities for culture, for reading, for study, for doing good, and the really satisfied are but "few and far between;"crushed aspirations, defeated purpose, shorn powers, unaccomplished desires, seem to fill up the majority of lives;

restless longings, "wanting to and can't,"which constitutes hell, seems to be the destiny of most of all, save those who, illuminated by the Eternal Spirit, discern in the chaos and confusion of life, the ever present finger and moving handy work of

God.

Yet, who can help asking another and still another question, in regard to the influence which the body and spirit exercise upon each other, how much of human weakness and human sin is really the disposition or product of the spirit, and for how much of it are we indebted to the imperfections of the medium through which the spirit acts?

If spirits were provided with more evenly balanced

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

organization through which to exhibit themselves, might we not naturally expect a diminution of depravity of tendency, and know more by experience of primitive good quality as existing in the spirit?

It almost appears as if Paul had an idea of this kind;

he experienced a certain mental and spiritual conflict arising from lack of harmony between the tenderness of the spirit and defective bodily organization through which alone the spirit could exhibit itself: "When I would do good evil is present with me,"and because of this law in my members the evil rules and the good which I would do remains undone This might be illustrated by referring to light, which is pure in its origin, but which is modified by the medium of its transmission, its rays are bent, refracted, set aside or colored, according to the intervening medium;

a pure atmosphere gives an unadulterated glory;

a piece of unequal or knotted glass, even when translucent, diverts the purest ray; the old cathedral is irredescent in its gloom because of blended tints and deepening shadows from windows of stained and tinted glass. So in man, the primitive light, the original instinct of a master spirit in the possession of an imperfect, defective medium, called a body, so far fails, probably, to do itself justice, that spirits well acquainted in past probation would fail in recognition beneath the shadows of mortal tabernacle, as one might fail to recognize the same beneficent light in the shadow of a dungeon or beneath the dimmed influence of restricted mediumship and poor conditions.

Yet there was and is defective analogy between dead and living element or material.

The essential nature of spirit is progressive the stained glass would hardly give up its characteristics except at the instance of fire;

but the forces of eternity are at work upon every spirit even when enshrined in tabernacle.

Spiritual influences can enlarge the capacity of bodily organization and function to the needs of the spirit, and through its opportunities.

While it was safely asserted that no amount of food could enlarge the body after maturity, proper food will enlarge and ennoble the mental, the spiritual and the social capacity of man and redeem every function from the oppressive rule of inherited organization, until man "stands confessed a God!"And it should become one of the primary thoughts of parentage, in the pursuit of procreation, to prepare the best possible conditions, surroundings and anticipate seasons for so godlike and responsible a duty;

quality should be more thought of in regard to posterity than quantity, until by accumulated experiences we shall so far master or overcome our present crude condition that "we shall see as we are seen and know as we are known."Every manifestation of character, through well adjusted and properly prepared mediumship, will be a truthful and normal reflection of the indwelling spirit, all its powers will have full play in perfect tabernacle, and the associations of earth-life will be known as a continuation of the life that was, and the next as a continuation of this without a shadow or a cloud between.

H. W. Naisbitt.

Of all the animals in creation, only two will take tobacco—the man and the monkey.

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

In their system of interest, one and a quarter per cent, per month was allowed where there was a pledge.

Where there was no pledge, two per cent, per month was exacted from a Brahman;

three per cent, from a man whose caste was the profession of arms those who belonged to the mercantile caste paid four per cent, for the use of money, and the Burren

Sunker, or mixed classes, were obliged to pay six per cent, per month.

Interest was forbidden to accumulate

LAWS OF THE HINDOOS.

and compound interest was prohibited.

The law of usury was of such a nature that if interest were allowed to run until it exceeded the principal, it was not a debt, and could not be collected;

hence, the Hindoo usurers were ever on the alert to collect their interest prior to its swelling to the proportions that would legally place it beyond their reach.

The Hindoo law pertaining to loans, set forth a quaint mode of collecting interest.

When the usurer is constrained to enforce the payment of his dues, he must first speak to the friends and relatives of the debtor, after which, he repairs to the house of the latter, in person, refusing to eat or drink with him; he demands of him the interest due, and if unsuccessful in collecting it, carries the debtor home with him, and seats him before the principal men of the neighborhood.

If the debtor continues stubborn, he is justified in obtaining possession of his goods, and if a pledge had been deposited with the creditor, takes it to the magistrate, who orders it sold to make payment;

the magistrate is entitled to a twentieth of the amount collected for his fees;

if still defeated, the creditor will seize and confine the debtor's wife and children, and carry off his cattle, horses, buffaloes, together with his pots, clothes, mats, furniture, etc.

After these steps have been taken and the debt is still unpaid, he will bind the debtor's person, and by violent compulsion, or adds the law, "by beating or coercion,"a creditor "may enforce payment from his debtor."If the creditor is of a superior caste to the debtor, the former may compel the latter to cancel the obligation.

When a man owes several parties, the law compels him to discharge the debts in the order in which they were contracted; by this means, the first creditors may receive in full, their just demands, while the others, be they few or many, are defrauded.

In an action where the defendant acknowledges the debt, he is forced to pay one-twentieth of the amount as a fine to the king;

but if he denies the debt, and it is proved against him, he is fined one-tenth.

I have stated in a former article, the exalted position of the Brahmen, whom it is asserted sprang from the most excellent part of diely.

They arrogate to themselves great assumptive authority, which gives to them unlimited power over their inferiors.

For anyone to conspire against the life of a priest, either directly or indirectly, is a most heinous crime.

The Brahman being well aware of the sacredness of his person, adopts a somewhat extravagant measure for the recovery of debts;

he repairs to the domicile, or any other place where he can confront the person whom he intends to intimidate.

He takes with him a potion of poison and a dagger in his hand.

Should the debtor attempt to pass or elude the priest, he is prepared to take his own life. The latter's attempt on his own life corrals and brings to bey the prisoner;

for the blood of the suicided Brahman would be required at his hands, and no punishment could atone for this sin.

The object being thus far attained, the priest sits down and fasts, which is called sitting in (f herna, and it would be looked upon as impious on the part of the prisoner to eat while the Brahman was fasting at his door.

If, in a continuous fast, the strength and obstinacy of the debtor should hold out, and exhaust the Brahman and cause his death, the former would be held accountable for the most atrocious of crimes, viz:

the murder of one of the sacred class.

He would be execrated by his fellow citizens, and forever be debarred the benefits of society;

consequently, his very existence would be, to himself, a calamity.

The Brahman who sits in (P hema, scarcely ever fails to attain his object.

He is well aware that his sacred person is protected by the dread of the pains and penalties that would be inflicted upon the head of the party who dared to push the experiment so far as to result in the self destruction of the Brahman.

In this barbarous system of collecting debts, the priest would not only thus expose himself to collect his own debts, but would hire his sacred person by sitting in cV herna, to collect the debts of others.

They did not even stop at the

MAN'S ORIGIN AND DESTINY.

collection of debts, but would use this inhuman expedient in any suit.

In cases where the matter had been adjudicated before the magistrate, whose decision was against the claims of the priest and in favor of the other party, the Brahman's only appeal was to continue sitting in d? hema until his demand was made good.

This system of coercion became so engrafted upon the institutions of India, that in many instances the object of the law was defeated.

In 1795, a regulation was adopted by the government of Bengal to put a stop to this practice, and the matter was subsequently brought before the House of Commons, June 3d, 1813.

William Fotheringham.

MAN'S ORIGIN AND DESTINY.

"God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him;

male and female created he them."—Genesis i, 27.

The recent death of Professor Charles

Darwin, the famous author of the ''Origin of Species,"and one of the ablest enunciators of the theory and doctrine of evolution, brings vividly to mind the lamentable condition of the modern world, with its scientific vagaries and religious absurdities, and the many unscriptural and unreasonable ideas so widely prevalent concerning man's origin and eternal destiny.

The Darwinian theory, which is but one phase of the philosophy of evolution, might briefly be presented as follows:

Man is a development from the lowest orders of the animal creation.

In other words, he began life as a tadpole, expanded by gradual process into an ape, and thence through a series of refining changes, eventually evolved into a human being.

It is claimed, we believe, by the advocates of this remarkable hypothesis, that the chain of development is complete, with the exception of a certain "missing link,"and that with the discovery of this link, which is to establish relationship between man and the monkey, the grand circle of evolution will exist in consummate perfection.

In the year 1859, when the "Origin of

Species"was first published, it was met by a storm of rage and ridicule, but since that time, public opinion has undergone considerable modification.

Anger has given way to contempt, and in many instances, scorn has actually changed into a belief that the doctrine is correct.

The world, with its customary consistency, to quite an extent now accepts as a scientific fact, what it formerly scouted as a blasphemous assumption, and even Christian churchmen are beginning to regard the once flagrant heresy with lenience, and to speak in terms of cautious ambiguity of its claims upon public consideration.

As an evidence, read the following excerpt from a sermon delivered by Canon Liddon, in St. Paul's Cathedral, on Sunday, the 23d of April:

"It may be admitted,"says the eloquent High Churchman, "that when Professor Darwin's books on the 'Origin of Species'and the 'Descent of

Man'first appeared, they were largely regarded by religious men as containing a theory necessarily hostile to fundamental truths of religion.

A closer study has greatly modified any such impression.

It is seen that, whether the creative activity of God is manifested through catastrophes, as the phrase goes, or in progressive evolution, it is still His creative activity, and the really great questions beyond remain untouched.

The evolutionary process, supposing it to exist, must have had a beginning:

who began it?

It must have had meterial to work with: who furnished it?

It is itself a law or system of laws:

who enacted them?

Beyond all question, it is our business to respect in science, as in other things, every clearly ascertained report of the senses;

for every such report represents a fact, and a fact is sacred as having its place in the Temple of Universal Truth."

Upon the basis here indicated, a Liv-

MANS ORIGIN AND DESTINY.

erpool newspaper intimates that the long expected reconciliation between science and religion, is destined to have its fulfillment.

We suppose the "religion"referred to is modern Christianity.

This brings us to the consideration of another theory respecting the origin and destiny of mankind, which we will examine to see how possible it would be for it and the Darwinian speculation to be reconciled.

God, according to the modern Christian's belief, created the world out of nothing, and out of a portion of this nothing—for it is self-evident that nothing will continue nothing—he formed man in his own image, and breathed into him the breath of life.

Man finally dies and his body returns to the nothing from which it was taken, while his spirit reascends to God who gave it.

And what is the God which Christians profess to worship?

According to their own definition, a being "without body, parts or passions;"in other words an absolute nonenity, who dwells in a region "beyond the bounds of time and space."

To the nature of this being, in whose image he was created, man is destined to be eternally conformed, and though devoid of either parts or passions, is expected to love and glorify his Maker and sing praises to His name forever.

Perhaps we have not rendered this theory as intelligible as the other, but this we did not agree to do.

We have done the best we could with what of itself is totally incomprehensible.

But we would ask the question, how is any agreement possible between these two hypotheses?

Between the Darwinian, which takes something small and develops it into something large, and the Christian's, which takes nothing, makes it into something, and then resolves that something back into nothing?

It would seem to an unprejudiced mind that the Darwinian theory was by far the more reasonable, and that such a thing as a reconciliation between the two is and will remain utterly impossible, so long as Christianity retains dogmas which are beyond the pale of everything bearing the least shape or semblance of religious or scientific truth.

The fact is that popular religion is deeper in the mud of ignorance than science is in the mire, and both sadly need the helping hand of inspiration to lift them from the slough into which they have fallen, and once more plant their feet upon the terra finna of eternal truth.

Unless this is done there is danger of them blindly groping on until they entirely miss their footing in the mazes of the slippery marsh, and falling, sink out of sight forever.

Now the friendly hands of an inspired Priesthood, holding aloft the bright lamp of truth, have been extended lovingly and entreatingly towards them for the last fifty years, yet they have paid no heed to the invitations and kindly warnings they have received, or if ever tempted to avail themselves of the light reflected over their dubious pathways, it has only been to appropriate it without thanks, and secretly use it in exploring still further the bottomless pit of superstition and error.

Why is it they will not listen to the voice of reason?

Why will they not give heed to the counsels of experience and the oracles of inspired wisdom?

Why are they ashamed to throw open the windows of their minds and allow the sunlight of revelation to stream in upon their benighted understandings?

Science and Religion combined, without the aid and guidance of the Holy Spirit, are powerless to arrive at the truth of anything under the sun, and the two strange theories which have been briefly considered, should be a sufficient evidence of this stern and immutable fact.

True science never taught any man to look for his progenitor in an ape, nor did true religion ever inspire the absurdity of making of something out of nothing, or vice versa.

Nothing will forever remain nothing, and no school of philosophy or system of evolution could ever make it otherwise.

But matter and spirit are eternal, self-existent substances, and can neither be created nor destroyed.

Man is the direct offspring of Deity, of a being who is the Begetter of his spirit in the eternal worlds, and the Architect of his mortal tabernacle in this.

God himself is an exalted man, possessing body, parts and passions, re-

THE ECHO CANOJV WAR.

fined and developed to the highest state of perfection.

He organized the world and all that it contains, from matter;

from ever-living spirit and everlasting element, which exist co-eternally with himself.

He formed every plant that grows and every animal that breathes, each after the image of its own kind, and determined the fixity of their respective species.

He made the tadpole and the ape, the lion and the elephant, but He did not make them in His own image, nor endow them with godlike reason and intelligence.

Monkeys are the offspring of monkeys, and have been from time immemorial.

Hybrids may appear, but they are without the power to propagate.

There is no instance on record where a baboon ever evolved into a human being, and science in attempting to unearth a "missing- link"which it is claimed will connect mankind with monkeykind, is like a blind man hunting through a haystack to find a needle which isn't there.

For man is the child of God, fashioned in His image and endowed with His attributes, and even as the infant son of an earthly father is capable in due time of becoming a man, so the undeveloped offspring of celestial parentage is capable in due time of becoming a God.

O. E. Whitney.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

VII.

The Tenth Regiment U.

S. A. and other troops, under Col.

E.

B. Alexander, had reached Ham's Fork, and were located at Camp Winfield by the last of September.

The commandant of this advance was placed in rather an awkward position, not knowing whether he should attempt to enter the valley, go into winter quarters where he was, proceed to Fort Hall or retreat to the Wind River country.

Col.

A.

S.

Johnston had not arrived to take command, and was not expected before the latter part of October, too late for any movement of the troops, owing to snow in the mountains and the impossibility of getting forage for stock.

While the enemy was in this dilemma, more active measures by our forces were resolved upon, to hinder his further progress in any direction whatever.

On September 29th, Lieut-Gen.

D.

H.

Wells, left Salt Lake City and proceeded to establish headquarters in the narrows of Echo Canon.

He was accompanied by Adjt-Gen. James Ferguson, Col. N.

V.

Jones, Maj.

Lot Smith and other staff officers.

Companies of the militia from the several military districts aggregating about twelve hundred and fifty men were ordered to report at Echo, with provisions for thirty days.

A general, deep interest was awakened in the expedition, and commendable promptitude characterized the response to all general and special orders issued from the executive's office.

At Echo, Gen. Wells divided his staff, leaving Col. N.

V. Jones and J. D. T.

McAllister in command of the force there.

These engaged in digging trenches across the canon, throwing up breast works, loosening stones on the heights, and in every way preparing to resist the progress of any body of men that might attempt to pass through the canon.

The positions occupied by our men in Echo, would have enabled them to successfully defeat an army of a thousand times their force.

The day after reaching Echo, Gen.

Wells, with a small escort, proceeded to

Bridger, where he met Col. Burton and Gen. Robison, and was informed of all movements that had been made by the troops, of the"location of their supply trains, their strength, probability of reinforcements, etc.

From this information it was ascertained that for several days previously the army had been making very rapid forced marches, to overtake and protect their supplies on Ham's Fork, which had been forwarded several weeks before.

It was apprehended, as they had been success-

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

ful in securing these advance supply trains so near the mountain passes, that the troops would shoulder rations for three days and attempt to force their way on to the city.

The activity of the enemy required the utmost vigilance and some decisive action on the part of our forces to delay any such movement.

It was the policy to "fight this war without bloodshed."How to do it successfully was the question.

It was a difficult one to solve while the weather remained fair, the advancing troops well supplied with food and ammunition, and eager to try their strength with their Mormon foes.

Yet it was extremely necessary that the advance should be checked and the power of the people of Utah to defend themselves felt.

General Wells had brought with him from the city two copies of the Governor's proclamation, one of the laws of Utah, and a message addressed to "The officer commanding the forces now invading Utah Territory."

The following is a copy of the communication.

"Governor's Office, U. T., "Great Salt Lake City, "Sept. 29, 1857.

"Sir.—By reference to the act of Congress, passed September 9, 1850, organizing the Territory of Utah, published in a copy of the Laws of Utah, herewith forwarded, pp. 146-7, you will find the following:

'Sec.

2.

And be it further enacted, That the executive power and authority in and over said Territory of Utah shall be vested in a governor, who shall hold his office for four years, and until his successor shall be appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by the President of the United States.

The governor shall reside within said Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof,'etc., etc.

"1 am still the governor and superintendent of Indian affairs for this Territory, no successor having been appointed and qualified, as provided by law; nor have I been removed by the President of the United States.

"By virtue of the authority thus vested in me, I have issued, and forward you a copy of my proclamation forbidding the entrance of armed forces into this Territory.

This you have disregarded.

I now further direct that you retire forth, with from the Territory, by the same route you entered.

Should you deem this impracticable, and prefer to remain until spring in the vicinity of your present encampment, Black's fork, or Green river, you can do so in peace and unmolested, on condition that you deposit your arms and ammunition with Lewis Robison, quartermaster-general of the Territory, and leave in the spring, as soon as the condition of the roads will permit you to march: and should you fall short of provisions, they can be furnished you, upon making the proper applications therefor.

General D.

H.

Wells will forward this, and receive any communications you may have to make.

"Very respectfully, "Brigham Young, "Governor and Supt.

of Indian Affairs, Utah Territory."Lewis Robison and Lot Smith were sent with these documents, instructed to deliver them personally or send them by a Mexican, if it should appear dangerous for them to enter the enemy's camp.

They concluded on the latter course, and on receiving Col. Alexander's reply, returned to Bridger.

The response of the latter to the invitation of the Governor to leave the Territory was to the effect that he was at present the senior officer in command of troops ordered here by the President of the United States, and that he would submit the Governor's communication to the General commanding, but in the meantime should hold himself and troops subject only to the direction of competent military authority.

In receiving this reply to the order of the governor to surrender or leave the Territory, action was immediately determined upon to show that we were in earnest.

Major Lot Smith, who had taken the message and brought back the reply, reports the work that was assigned him to perform, as follows:

"When I returned to camp, I was invited to take dinner with the commanding-general and

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

his aids.

During the meal, General Wells, looking at me as straight as possible, asked if

I could take a few men and turn back the trains that were on the road or bum them.

I replied that I thought I could do just what he told me to.

The answer appeared to please him, and he accepted it, telling me that he could furnish only a few men, but that the^y would be sufficient, for they would appear many more to our enemies.

As for provisions, none would be supplied, as we were expected to board at the expense of Uncle Sam.

As this seemed to be an open order, I did not complain, and at 4 o'clock, October 3d, we started, numbering forty-four men, rank and file,

Major Lot Smith in command, Captain H. D. Haight, Lieutenants Thomas Abbott and John Vance, officers.

We rode nearly all night, and early the next morning came in sight of an ox train headed westward.

I left half of my men to get breakfast, and with the others proceeded to interview the bull-whackers.

On calling for the captain, a large fine-looking man stepped forward and gave his name as Rankin.

I informed him that we wanted him to turn his train and go the other way, until he reached the States.

He wanted to know by what authority I presumed to issue such orders.

I replied, pointing to my men, that there was a part of it, and the remainder was a little further on concealed in the brush.

He swore pretty strongly, and thought that was good in a free country like this;

however, he faced about and started to go east, but as soon as out of sight would turn again towards the mountains.

The troops met him that day and took out his lading, leaving the wagons and teams standing.

I camped near these troops on that night on the banks of Green River.

"Losing the opportunity to make much impression on Rankin's train, I thought something must be done speedily to carry out the instructions received, so I sent Captain Haight with twenty men to see if he could get the mules of the tenth Regiment on any terms.

With the remaining twenty-three men I started for Sandy Fork to intercept trains that might be approaching in that direction.

On the road, seeing a large cloud of dust at a distance up the river, on the old Mormon road, I sent scouts to see what caused it.

They returned, overtaking me at Sandy, and reported a train of twenty-six large freight wagons.

We took supper and started at dark.

After traveling fourteen miles, we came up to the train, but discovered that the teamsters were drunk, and knowing that drunken men were easily excited and always ready to fight, and remembering my positive orders not to hurt anyone except in self-defence, we remained in ambush until after midnight.

I then sent scouts to thoroughly examine the appearance of their camp, to note the number of wagons and men and to report all they discovered.

When they returned and reported twenty-six wagons in two lines a short distance apart, I concluded that counting one teamster to each wagon and throwing in eight or ten extra men would make their force about forty.

I thought we would be a match for them, and so ordered an advance to their camp.

On nearing the wagons, I found I had misunderstood the scouts, for instead of one train of twenty-six wagons there were two, doubling the number of men, and putting quite another phaze on our relative strength and situation.

There was a large camp-fire burning, and a number of men were standing around it smoking.

It was expected by my men that on finding out the real number of wagons and men, I would not go farther than to make some inquiries and passing our sortie upon the trains as a joke would go on until some more favorable time.

But it seemed to me that it was no time for joking.

I arranged my men, and we advanced until our horses'heads came into the light of the fire then

I discovered that we had the advantage, for looking back into the darkness,

I could not see where my line of troops ended,and could imagine my twenty followers stringing out to a hundred or more as well as not.

I inquired for the captain of the train.

Mr. Dawson stepped out and said he was the man.

I told him

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

that I had a little business with him. He inquired the nature of it, and I replied by requesting him to get all of his men and their private property as quickly as possible out of the wagons for I meant to put a little fire into them.

He excaimed: "For God's sake, don'tburn the trains."I said it was for His sake that I was going to burn them, and pointed out a place for his men to stack their arms, and another where they were to stand in a group, placing a guard over both.

I then sent a scout down towards

Little Mountaineer Fork, failing to put one out towards Ham's Fork on the army.

While I was busy with the train a messenger from the latter surprised us by coming into camp.

I asked him if he had dispatches and to hand them to me.

He said he had, but they were verbal.

I told him if he lied to me his life was not worth a straw.

He became terrified, in fact I never saw a man more frightened.

The weather was a little cool but his jaws fairly clattered.

I took his mule and arms and told him where to stand, at the same time placing a large Irish Gentile I had with me as guard over him, with instructions to shoot him if he moved.

He plead piteously for his life; but I indicated that soldiers'lives were not worth much, it was only the bull-whackers who could expect to get off easy.

He said afterwards that he expected every moment to be killed.

His orders to the train men were from the commander at Camp Winfield, and were to the effect that the Mormons were in the field and that they must not go to sleep but keep night guard on their trains, and that four companies of cavalry and two pieces of artillery would come over in the morning to escort them to camp.

While I was engaged with the first train a guard of the second came down to see what was going on.

I told him to go back and not move and that I would be up soon and attend to them.

My scout said, afterwards, that when the guard returned he squatted down by a wagon wheel and never moved until I came up.

Captain Dawson and I shortly after went up to the second train.

Dawson shaking the wagon in which the wagon-master slept called loudly for Bill.

"Bill"seemed considerably dazed and grumbled at being called up so early.

Dawson exclaimed with peculiar emphasis.

"Damn it man, get up, or you'll be burned to a cinder in five minutes!"Bill suddenly displayed remarkable activity.

I introduced the same programme to him that we had carried out with the first train, having them come out man by man, stack their arms and huddle together under guard.

By the time I had my men scattered out, guarding the different interests, they appeared to have dwindled to a very small body to me, but the sixty or seventy prisoners, for with extras the teamsters numbered that many, never discovered it.

Having got them disposed of I inquired of Dawson what kind of loading he had, as I was much in need of overcoats for my boys the season getting late and weather cold.

I also asked if they had much powder on board for if so it would be convenient when I fired the wagons to take him with me.

He was much frightened at that proposition and hastily produced his bills of lading.

I told him to hunt himself as I had no time.

He searched diligently for powder and my boys for overcoats and clothing.

Dawson announced that there were large quantities of saltpetre and sulphur in the wagons and said they were nearly as dangerous as powder.

I told him we would have to take the risk of injury from them.

He begged me not to make him fire the train, saying:

"For the good Lord's sake don't take rne, I've been sick and am not well yet, and don't want to be hurt."There were many such laughable incidents connected with the adventures of the night, if we had dared to laugh.

One old man, shaking with St. Anthony's dance or something else, came up to me and wanted to know why we had driven up the oxen so early.

Learning that our business was of a different nature, he tremblingly said he thought we would have come sooner and not waited until they were in bed and some of them liable to be burned up.

My big Irishman told him we were so busy that we nearly left him without calling him up at all, at all.

THE ART OF WRITING.

When all was ready, I made a torch, instructing my Gentile follower, known as

Big James, to do the same, as I thought it was proper for the '"'Gentiles to spoil the Gentiles."At this stage of our proceedings an Indian came from the Mountaineer Fork and seeing how the thing was going asked for some presents.

He wanted two wagon covers for a lodge, some flour and soap.

I filled his order and he went away much elated.

Out of respect to the candor poor Dawson had showed, I released him from going with me when we fired the trains, taking Big James instead, he not being afraid of saltpetre or sulphur either.

While riding from wagon to wagon, with torch in hand and the wind blowing, the covers seemed to me to catch very slowly.

I so stated it to James.

He replied, swinging his long torch over his head; "By St.

Patrick, aint it beautiful!

I never saw anything go better in all my life."About this time I had Dawson send in his men to the wagons, not yet fired, to get us some provisions, enough to thoroughly furnish us, telling him to get plenty of sugar and coffee for though

I never used the latter myself, some of my men below, intimating that I had a force down there, were fond of it.

On completing this task I told him that we were going just a little way off and that if he or his men molested the trains or undertook to put the fire out, they would be instantly killed.

We rode away leaving the wagons all ablaze.

Vaux.

Some housekeepers are so constitutionally wasteful, that the more flour they have the more they knead.

A boy who was kept after school for bad orthography excused himself to his parents by saying he was spell-bound.

THE ART OF WRITING.

We possess innumerable blessings that are so common, so interwoven with our everyday life, that we rarely attempt to analyze them, or to ask ourselves the question, what should we do without them?

They are daily, hourly blessings, that if realized and applied would of themselves bring happiness and satisfaction, and we should arise from the study with wonder and gratitude and a conviction that the marvelous adaptation of our beautiful world to the wants, tastes and appetites of the living, breathing animal and intellectual multitudes that throng its surface, tell to us trumpet-tongued of the kind, the good, the beneficent Father and God of all By the plenitude of materials we find around us, we, if wise, can make a heaven in which to "live and move, and have our being."Those who have become expert alchemists can extract the sweet from the bitter, riches from poverty, health from sickness, best society from solitude, blessings from trials, in fine, extract good out of the opposite.

Mankind is endowed with Godlike capabilities of inventing, producing much that adds to the ease, convenience and progression of the human family;

writing, printing and engraving have all been mighty levers to uplift the human mind from ignorance and superstition.

Writing—it seems a small art, but let the eye of our mind run over the vast universe of "Letters,"and see what it has accomplished;

it is a world of itself, and by its power has and will continue to change the face of the universe The art of writing must have been given by the inspiration of God.

It is an abstruse and mysterious secret when letters were first invented, and by whom—and also when the art of writing was first introduced, and also by whom.

Surely in the first ages of the world people were taught by special inspiration, as indeed all must, or ought to acknowledge the inspiration of His Spirit, in those superhuman discoveries that have been made in these later centuries, as in the use and power of steam alone, and its marvelous application for the benefit of the world of mankind.

Yes, there is a

THE ART OF WRITING.

silence, a sublime silence, that speaks to the listening ear, and the watchful eye, and the appreciative heart, in a language without sound, yet distinct, authoritative, commanding, almighty, yet sweet, loving, gentle, in the^"still small voice"that thrills through the whole system with renovating electricity; and the devout recipient reverently lays its intellect, its capabilities, its acquirements and its attainments upon the eternal altar of God, and in the soft, gentle voice of a little child aspirates, "My Lord and my God!"But the art of writing is the theme with which my mind is at the present imbued.

Who first invented it none can say.

It is now admitted that alphabet writing is as old as the human family, and that Adam knew how to write, and that he did write.

There certainly were writings or books before the flood, for the New Testament quotes from one of them.

St. Jude remarkably alludes to the Book of Enoch, who was the seventh

Patriarch from Adam, and he quotes from that book, 14th, 15th and 16th verses;

and ancient authors are of the opinion that the Book of Enoch was either preserved in the ark or restored by Noah, who was perfectly acquainted with its contents.

We read of the Decalogue being "written with the finger of God,"and reasoning by analogy, we feel assured that Moses and the elders of Israel could at once read and decipher those ten commandments written upon tablets of stone, in which are interspersed all the letters in general of the Hebrew Alphabet, except the "Teth."It is conjectured that Moses possessed manuscripts and histories, which had been preserved as invaluable treasures, with the utmost care and circumspection in the families of his predecessors;

oral teaching was common among the Jews, still the art of writing was surely known to the most learned of them, and Moses was, of course, a highly educated man, being reared at the court of Pharaoh, by the princess, his daughter.

It appears by the word of Moses, that books or a book had been written before the Pentateuch, for in the 21st chapter of the Book of Numbers he refers the children of Israel to "the book of the wars of the Lord,"which was written before his birth.

Job lived long before Moses, yet he often refers to writing.

In the 19th chapter of his book are the following remarkable sentences:

"Oh, that my words were now written!

that they were printed in a book!

that they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock forever."He could not have said this, had the use of letters and the art of writing been unknown in his day, and according to the belief of the inspired writer of the "Miracle in Stone,"Job carried out his desire to grave and record in that stupendous structure, which truly real'izes "sermons in stone,"and stands as the mouthpiece of God to-day, to a world that is fast losing faith in everything, even in themselves, and falling into the cold and icy charnel house of infidelity and atheism.

Perhaps at some future time I may speak further on the blessed art of writing, which most assuredly is a God-given acquirement; those who neglect it lose one of the charms of life, something that opens a door for inspiration, and by which the absent are brought near, and congenial souls blend, and time and distance are almost annihilated.

Rex.

WHAT HAVE WE DONE?

If we sit down at the set of sun,

And count the things that we have done,

And counting, find One self-denying act, one word,

That eased the heart of him who heard,

One glance most kind, That fell like sunshine where it went, Then we may count that day well spent.

But if, through all the livelong day,

We've eased no heart by yea or nay,

If, through it all We've done no thing that we can trace,

That brought the sunshine to a face;

No act, most small, That helped some soul, and nothing cost,

Then count that day as worse than lost.

Never be at your place of business when a person wants to borrow money of you; because, if you are in, you will be out, but if you are out you will be in.

GARIBALDI.

GARIBALDI.

In Guiseppe Garibaldi, one of the great romantic and historic figures of our age has passed away.

He was, above all, the knight-errant of liberty.

His one idea was to champion the cause of the oppressed everywhere.

His stout arm was always ready to do battle against tyrants. With all the ardor and the courage of his nature, he threw himself into the fray, wherever a people was struggling to overthrow despotic rulers, and to found a government for and by themselves.

Garibaldi's career reads more like a tale of the chivalric middle ages than one of this modern, practical, prosaic era.

Until he had reached old age, he led a perpetual life of turmoil, adventure and conflict.

Curiously enough, he was born on the 4th of July—a day consecrated with us in America, as the natal day of republican liberty.

And it is not less interesting to observe, that during a life of seventy-five years, Garibaldi was the apostle and soldier of that idea of republican liberty, which his very birthday marked, in a land of which, for a while, he was destined to be a citizen.

The love of political liberty inspired this honest, simple-minded, absolutely fearless Italian in his very boyhood.

He was only sixteen when he took part in

Mazzini's project to liberate Italy, and was branded as a rebel, and sentenced to death.

On four continents Garibaldi appeared, from time to time, as a champion of freedom.

He offered his sword to Tunis, in its effort to become free of the Sultan's rule.

He crossed the Atlantic, and fought sturdily for republicanism in South America.

He came to the United States, where his doctrines in favor of political liberty found congenial response.

And in his own native Europe, again and again, he led forlorn hopes against the mighty armaments of royal despots.

Garibaldi was always ready for the struggle, no matter how overwhelming the odds were against him, or whether the cause to which he devoted himself seemed hopeless or not.

But his noble, single-minded, self-sacrificing heroism was not all in vain.

In the war of 1859, he marched with his redshirted followers from victory to victory.

He was undoubtedly the ablest and most effective general in the Italian army.

Later, by a revolutionary movement organized by himself, he invaded

Sicily and Naples, forever freed them from their Bourbon tyrants, and made a gift of these noble provinces to the young kingdom of Italy.

To Garibaldi, indeed, more than to any other man, the unity and freedom of the Italian peninsula was due.

When France, defeated by the Germans, declared herself a republic,

Garibaldi offered her his sword, and marching thither with a band of enthusiastic followers, shared for a while in the hopeless task of checking the German conquest.

Though Garibaldi had done so much to build up a throne in united Italy for Victor Emanuel, he was never contented to see his native land a monarchy.

From first to last, he was an inveterate republican.

In later years, he gave as much trouble to the King of Italy as he had once done to Italy's enemies;

and it was only by the wisest and most cautious policy that the king prevented Garibaldi from heading a revolt against his throne.

While as a soldier, Garibaldi was absolutely fearless, and as bold and impetuous as a lion, and while as a man he was honest, simple, affectionate, true, and self-sacrificing, as a politician he was wild, visionary, and utterly lacking in wisdom or judgment. He was Quixotic in all his political speeches and actions.

When he left the field for the political forum, he lost his power and influence over the minds of men.

But his political vagaries will be forgotten long before the story of his thrilling adventures, his dashing reckless heroism, his unselfish chivalry, and his great deeds in the cause of human

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

liberty, ceases to be told.

His was a great and brilliant part in the events of his stirring time; and his career must occupy a large space in the history of an era which has been above all notable for vast changes in the direction of the freedom of the peoples of the earth.

Selected.

Nobler not to take offence than to offend'

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

in.

COPENHAGEN.

An enthusiastic admirer of the great sculptor writes of the capital of Denmark:

"Copenhagen is a fine city, of interest, chiefly, as the home of Thorvaldsen."

While this cannot be entirely true, those who travel abroad to see the wonderful creations of Art in the world, are excusable for accepting it as the loadstone which draws them over the seas to the land of the royal Christians and Fredericks.

Certainly, when once landed, the Thorvaldsen Museum is the centre of attraction.

It is a somewhat gloomy, quadrangular edifice, built in the style of the Pompeian tombs, and serves the double purpose of sepulchre for the mortal remains of the illustrious artist, and monumental repository of his artistic work for the preservation of his immortal fame.

Within its walls all the sculptures of the great master are preserved in plaster casts, or in the original marble besides these, which are very numerous, Thorvaldsen's entire collection of artistic curiosities have been added, and make the

Museum as complete a memorial, of the life^it is intended to honor, as possible.

Among the more attractive statues and reliefs, may be mentioned, Venus with the Apple, Jason with the Golden Fleece,

Scenes from the life of Achilles; busts of Napoleon, Louis I of Bavaria, and Sir Walter Scott;

the colossal statues of the Twelve Apostles, and the model of the Procession of Alexander, which serves as a frieze in one of the corridors this was executed for Napoleon, and is the artist's greatest production.

The originals of these celebrated works of Thorvaldsen are scattered all over Europe and America.

In nearly every great city where there is an art collection, may be found something of his designing or execution, a fact which attests the value placed upon his genius, and is a lasting tribute to his industry.

Thorvaldsen was born in Copenhagen in 1770, and, after spending years in Italy and on the continent, where his name became universally known and associated with the leading ancient and modern sculptors, he returned to his native city, bequeathed his art collection and models of all his works to the municipality, and at the age of seventyfour died, respected by the world and greatly lamented by his admiring countrymen.

The Museum of Northern Antiquities, located in the Prince's Palace, is the finest collection of the kind in existence, and is invaluable to the historian and student of early civilization, especially in Scandinavian countries, from which so great a part of the Anglo-Saxon language and tradition has come.

The objects which this celebrated museum contain are forty thousand in number, and have been carefully selected from many thousands more which have been discovered in the north countries and preserved for a great many years.

Thes v.

consist of weapons, tools, implements, domestic utensils, hunting gear, woodea coffins, cinerary urns, musical instruments, trinkets, ecclesiastical vessels, armor, tombstones and Runic inscriptions admirably arranged in chronological order.

There are five departments, representing the following periods in the progress of civilization:

First, the Flint Period, from the earliest times down to 1500 B. C;

Second, the Bronze Period, from the latter date down to about 250 A. D.;

Third, the Iron Period;

Fourth>

27S A TRIP TO DENMARK.

the Mediaeval Christian Period, from about 1030 down to 1536 A.

D.

and Fifth, or Modern Period, down to about the year 1660.

These several periods each occupy a series of rooms, or saloons, in which shelves and show cases are conveniently arranged to display the great variety of objects, that attest the development of civilization and human progress in the arts of life for the respective divisions of time included in each period.

Very strange is the feeling that comes upon one as he stands in the rooms of the flint period and contemplates the condition of a people, whose tools and utensils of every description were made of stone.

Though the arrangement in this great museum would imply that the world at one time had no knowledge of the metals, and relied entirely upon fashioning stone implements for domestic uses and warfare, history does not sustain that view of the early condition and progress of humanity. On the contrary, it is now well established that, as to-day, when civilization is by many supposed to be at its zenith, there are benighted peoples who employ the most primitive methods, and use stone and metal in their crudest forms for such purposes;

so it has ever been in all ages of the past.

In some parts of the world, at all periods of time, knowledge of science and the arts has enabled men to construct buildings, rear cities and equip armies, while in other parts gross ignorance characterized the plodding ways of the inhabitants.

If the collections in the several departments of the Northern Museum can be taken to indicate the progress of a single race, or people, from the lowest state of human life through successive stages of enlightenment and education, then indeed is it invaluable to the historian.

It was with this view that we lingered over the Rune stones in the Flint rooms, and let memory fly back beyond the civilization of the present, the knight-errantry of the middle ages, and the gruff life-struggle of the ancient Norsemen, to gaze in wonder upon the earnest wizard of those remote ages, as he bent over the marble slab, "Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of Runic rhyme,"while he chiselled out the wierd inscription, little dreaming that it should live in the everlasting rock for all ages to gaze upon and wonder.

A striking feature of all European cities is the metropolitan church, or in

Catholic countries the church of the patron Saint whose name the corporation appropriates and honors, in recognition of favors or benefits supposed to be conferred by his interposition with the heavenly powers.

Thus, Venice cherishes St. Mark, and honors his memory with the finest church in northern Italy;

St.

Paul is the metropolitan church of London, and the Fruekirke (church of our Lady) is the particular cathedral likewise distinguished throughout the Danish dominions.

It is, according to the guidebook description, "a simple but impressive structure in the early Renaissance style, replacing one which was destroyed by the bombardment of the city in 1807."

On the right and left of the entrance are statues of Moses and David, but the works of art which attract thousands of visitors to this venerable edifice are inside.

They consist of the exquisite marble groups designed and partially executed by Thorvaldsen;

they are so arranged that in connection with some reliefs over the altar and in the two side chapels, they form a cycle of Scripture history, commencing with John the Baptist and terminating with the resurrected

Savior.

The most noticeable of these works are the statues of Christ and the Twelve Apostles, which are carved with marvelous execution from Italian marble.

They are each above life size, and represent the Apostles with the emblems that usually distinguish them in works of art.

St. Paul with a sword is considered to be the finest.

It was executed entirely by the great master, and appears to meet the ideal of more of that Apostles'admirers than any production of the painter's or sculptor's art extant.

One cannot fail to discover, while gazing upon the plastic features, the expression of an inspired countenance, which the vigorous and adroit arguments of the learned

THE HOLY GHOST.

Apostle, as in his defence before Agrippa, so readily suggest.

Scarcely less expressive are the representations of St.

John, the disciple whom Jesus loved, and in whose beautiful face artists delight to reflect as much of the divine light as possible; of St. James, St. Matthew and the pensive Thomas.

The latter is always made to express incredulity, and in this particular statue his face at once recalls to memory the doubting apostle's saying: "Except I shall see in His hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe."In addition to these grand statues is one of a kneeling angel of striking beauty, holding a shell, which is used for the baptism of converts and infants.

It is related that a young elder from Utah, who stood in his stockings six feet two inches, and had never heard of baptism by sprinkling, was much perplexed when the custodian of the church told him that the shell was used as a baptismal font.

He observed that it was not large enough to baptize one of his feet, much less of sufficient proportions "to fulfil all righteousness."

De Vallibus.

USEFUL EMPLOYMENT.

Live for something; be not idle;

Look about thee for employ;

Sit not down to useless dreaming.

Labor is the sweetest joy.

Folded hands are ever weary, Selfish hearts are never gay;

Life for thee hath many duties;

Active be, then, while you may.

THE HOLY GHOST.

That the baptism of the Holy Ghost is essential to salvation, is evident from the Savior's reply to Nicodemus: "Except a man be born of water and of the

Spirit, he can not enter into the kingdom of God."John, iii.

5.

The faith of the Saints always has been and always will be perfected by the Holy Spirit.

It could not be perfected otherwise, and without a perfect faith there is not eternal life.

That all people have the promise of the Holy Ghost is evident from the words of Peter: "Ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, for the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call;"Acts, ii.

38,39, or, in other words, as many as shall hear the sound of the Gospel, which Gospel is being preached in these latter days with the same promise.

Jesus said, "If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will you give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will you for a fish give him a serpent? or if he shall ask an egg, will you offer him a scorpion?

If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him."

Luke, xi.

11—13.

Further, "Ask, and it shall be given you;

seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.

For every one who asketh, receiveth; and he who seeketh, findeth;

and to him who knocketh, it shall be opened."Luke, xi. 9, 10. Then the Holy

Spirit is promised to all who ask for it, but it must be asked for "in faith, nothing wavering;

for he who wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed."James, 1. 6.

Eternal life is to know "the only true God and Jesus Christ"whom He has sent.

John, xvii.

3.

We obtain this knowledge by the revelation of the Holy

Ghost.

"But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of Truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me."John, xii.

26.

"Wherefore, I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say [know] that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost."1 Cor. xii, 3.

That the Holy Ghost is a medium of revelation is further evident from the

28o REMINISCENCES.

words of Jesus to His disciples, "But the

Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, He shall teach you all things."John, xiv. 26.

Again, "Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth is come, He will guide you into all truth; for He shall not speak of himself;

but whatsoever He shall hear that shall he speak; and He will show you things to come."John, xvi, 13So we learn from God's sacred word that the Holy Ghost testifies of Christ, guides into all truth, teaches all things, opens up the future, and reveals God to fallen man whom to know is life eternal.

What a glorious blessing it is to have the Holy Spirit.

Through it the mind is enlightened and the heart is given understanding;

mortal man is lifted above the groveling things of this world and within him is awakened an immortal hope; he is taken back to Ihe- beginning, and carried forward to the end;

things new are brought out of old, and he is shown things to come; he is enabled to dream dreams, see visions, converse with angels, speak with new tongues, perform miracles, obtain a knowledge of heavenly things and lay hold upon eternal life, the richest boon of heaven.

Reader, are you in possession of this gift?

If not, seek to learn God and His will—then do it.

Repent of every sin, seek a minister who has authority from God to baptize you for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of which we have spoken, for the promise is to all unto whom this Gospel shall come.

Hear what the good Shepherd says:

"Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls, for my yoke is easy and my burden is light."

Matt., xi. 28—30.

Then, "The Spirit and the bride say, Come.

And let him that heareth say, Come.

And let him that is athirst come.

And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely."Rev., xxii.

17.

"Seek ye the Lord while He may be found, call ye upon Him while He is near."Isaiah, lv. 6.

Work "while it is day, the night cometh when no man can work."John, ix. 4.

By all means do not put off the work which God requires at your hands, "for what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?"C. H. Bliss.

To act upon a determination made in anger is like embarking in a vessel during a storm.

Shall I thank God for the green summer, and the mild air, and the flowers, and the stars, and all that makes the world so beautiful, and not for the good and beautiful beings I have known in it?

Has not their presence been sweeter to me than flowers?

Are they not higher and holier than the stars?

Are they.not more to me than all things else Longfellow.

REMINISCENCES.

Memory, like music, And wraps us in the Silence oft is eloquence! and while the Lip moves not, the heart and soul are bowed

In worship at a consecrated shrine,

Composed of admiration and respect,

Memory holding still her mystic reign,

And gathering the Past into her store

Till, culminating at a point, the door

Of language is unsealed, and tries to tell

The garnered thoughts, long there as relics lain;

Its rosary too is sacred held, on which steals upon the ear, visions of the past.

Are daily counted well-remembered

Scenes and forms, gestures, actions, words and looks Making palpable ONE who is not dead,

But passed behind the Veil o'ershadowing

Mortal Vision, mortal touch, or hearing!

June!

Yes June, the glorious, regal month,

When earth was strewn with flowers, and the sun Shone forth in full effulgence, bright and warm

AT REST.

And Spring put on her crown and courtly robe A rohe in all the varied colors gay

With wreaths of beauteous flowers on her head,

And gems of morning dew studding each one;

In all the rich profusion June displays!

And in her grand and queenly step went forth,

And stretching out her beauteous arms received

Within their circling fold a baby boy

Just struggling into life She caught him up, And printed on his cheek a zephyr kiss

And said her presence never should depart

From out the atmosphere surrounding him

Even that the June should be infused

Within his infant soul in coming life

She'd throw her genial influence around

His earthly path, and smile on him for aye!

His name should indicate immortal youth,

And tho'on earth his years should many be, He still, through all, should be forever YOUNG!

That age should beautify, and not destroy,

That Time should have the power to renovate,

His eye should not be dim, nor hair turn grey,

His mind illum'd and clear should ever be;

That wives, and children should from him receive The patent brand that made them ever YOUNG!

And that his name should far and wide be great,

Around the circumnavigated globe;

That friends in truth and love should round him cling, And even foes should feel the mystic charm,

As serpents, dumb, before the charmer lie!

And One above endorsed His handmaid's word's, And sealed thein with Jehovah's signet ring!

And forth he went upon the earth, and met

A spirit even mightier than his own

They looked into each other's eyes and saw,

They clasped each other's hand and knew,

That God to them a mission on this earth

Had pre-ordained, and given them to bear

To every nation, every land and clime

And hence, they laid the rudiraental plan,

And carried out the angel's words to them

And organized Christ's Church on earth,

No more—no, nevermore to be thrown down

This history all have read—by practice know.

Time rushes on with almost noiseless stream,

And bears us on the bosom of its wave Long years have passed—that treasured one is gone The fune has come and gone, and come again,

And Memory rises from her thousand cells,

And in phantasma brings the past once more

Like "Banquo's Ghost"before the peering mind.

And we in thought live o'er the times of old,

And after that, the future rises up

And Revelation slightly draws the veil, And Faith, and Hope, and Love we do behold!

Come forth to bless, and comfort, and sustain

Those left on earth, oft dreaming on the past

Waiting reunion in the heaven above,

With all those lost on earth—and gone before

Hannah T. King:

The mother lifted up her voice and black eyes, all cold in death!"And they answered her and said, greatest joy hereafter."Oh Father! Four little fluttering hands

That clasped and fondled my breast,

Are folded away in silence In their last and dreamless rest.

Four little pattering feet that have left

Their footprints on floor and hearth,

Are taking their way with angels

Their music is lost on earth.

Four lovely black eyes with their starry.

Are closed in a marble sleep!

And all that is left for us to do

Is to sit alone and weep.

AT REST.

wept, saying, "Four little hands, four little feet, four little "Be comforted, your greatest sorrow here, will be your Not all! O parents, with grief-stricken hearts,

But raise your eyes to the sky;

And gaze on the beauteous beings

Who are winging their way on high.

Behold the glory! Then attune your ears

To the rapturous welcoming song

Two souls have finished their mission,

And joined the celestial throng.

:leam Be comforted! God will soften the wound,

And sooth thee with wondrous Love,

So, reaching your Heavenly Home,

Your woes will your happiness prove.

Homespun.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Singh Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, June, 1882.

ATLANTIS.

Many and singular are the theories of men respecting the history of the creations of God.

The changes that have transpired upon the face of the Earth since its organization affords one of the most prolific themes for scientist and antiquarian to delve in, ponder upon and write about.

As knowledge extends of what is to-day, analogy and imagination create wonders for the past.

The writings of other ages, long considered fabulous, are being proved by modern scientific developments to have been the utterances of inspiration or well understood descriptions of things as they have existed in fact.

Thus we have through the researches of an able writer, Ignatius Donnelly, the fable of Plato, respecting an ancient continent that occupied a large area of and gave its name to the Atlantic Ocean, substantiated in nearly every detail and reconstructed so adroitly, from the various phenomena related by the author as evidence, as to rival the known continents of the present day in natural resources and productions of every description, from plants and insects to civilized and educated races of men.

That an ancient island at the mouth of the Mediterranean existed and is sunk in the sea, appears to be proved by the deep sea soundings of late years, that it was Atlantis as described by Plato and was inhabited by a superior race of people may be true,but that all the conclusions of the author are fair and correct, in relation to the location of the Garden of Eden, the home of our primitive parents, the origin of many races etc., our knowledge of those matters as contained in the

Book of Mormon and the revelations of the Lord in these latter times prevent us from accepting.

However, the work is an extremely interesting one, prepared with manifest skill and containing very many most valuable facts that should be understood by the people, who wish to keep pace with the progress of thought and the evolution of ideas, which so remarkably characterize the present generation.

Mr. Donnelly feels justified after producing the testimony of ancient tradition, the evidences of science, Scriptural and profane history and well connected arguments based thereon, in reconstructing the ancient continent on a very grand and picturesque scale.

His work concludes as follows:

"The Atlanteans possessed an established order of priests;

their religious worship was pure and simple.

They lived under a kingly government; they had their courts, their judges, their records, their monuments covered with inscriptions, their mines, their foundries, their workshops, their looms, their gristmills, their boats and sailing-vessels, their highways, aqueducts, wharves, docks and canals. They had processions, banners and triumphal arches for their kings and heroes; they built pyramids, temples, round- towers and obelisks;

they practiced religious ablutions; they knew the use of the magnet and of gunpowder.

In short, they were in the enjoyment of a civilization nearly as high as our own, lacking only the printingpress and those inventions in which steam, electricity and magnetism are used.

We are told that Deva-Nahusha visited his colonies in Farther India. An empire which reached from the Andes to

Hindostan, if not to China, must have been magnificent indeed.

In its markets must have met the maize of the Mississippi Valley, the copper of Lake Superior, the gold and silver of Peru and Mexico, the spices of India, the tin of Wales and Cornwall, the bronze of Iberia, the amber of the

Baltic, the wheat and barley of Greece, Italy and Switzerland.

EDITORIAL.

"It is not surprising that when this mighty nation sank beneath the waves, in the midst of terrible convulsions, with all its millions of people, the event left an everlasting impression upon the imagination of mankind. Let us suppose that

Great Britain should to-morrow meet with a similar fate.

What a wild consternation would fall upon her colonies and upon the whole human family!

The world might relapse into barbarism, deep and almost universal.

William the Conqueror, Richard

Cceur de Lion, Alfred the Great, Cromwell and Victoria might survive only as the gods or demons of later races; but the memory of the cataclysm in which the centre of a universal empire instantaneously went down to death would never be forgotten;

it would survive in fragments, more or less complete, in every land on earth;

it would outlive the memory of a thousand lesser convulsions of nature;

it would survive dynasties, nations, creeds and languages;

it would never be forgotten while man continued to inhabit the face of the globe.

"Science has but commenced its work of reconstructing the past and rehabilitating the ancient peoples, and surely there is no study which appeals more strongly to the imagination than that of this drowned nation, the true antediluvians.

They were the founders of nearly all our arts and sciences; they were the first civilizers, the first navigators, the first merchants, the first colonizers of the earth;

their civilization was old when Egypt was young, and they had passed away thousands of years before Babylon,

Rome or London were dreamed of. This lost people were our ancestors, their blood flows in our veins;

the words we use every day were heard, in their primitive form, in their cities, courts and temples.

Every line of race and thought, of blood and belief, leads back to them.

"Nor is it impossible that the nations of the earth may yet employ their idle navies in bringing to the light of day some of the relics of this buried people.

Portions of the island lie but a few hundred fathoms beneath the sea;

and if expeditions have been sent out from time to time in the past, to resurrect from the depths of the ocean sunken treasure-ships with a few thousand doubloons hidden in their cabins, why should not an attempt be made to reach the buried wonders of Atlantis?

A single engraved tablet dredged up from Plato's island would be worth more to science, would more strike the imagination of mankind, than all the gold of Peru, all the monuments of Egypt, and all the terra-cotta fragments gathered from the great libraries of Chaldea.

"May not the so-called 'Phoenician coins'found on Corvo, one of the Azores, be of Atlantean origin?

Is it probable that that great race, pre-eminent as a founder of colonies, could have visited those islands within the Historical Period, and have left them unpeopled, as they were when discovered by the Portuguese?

"We are but beginning to understand the past:

one hundred years ago the world knew nothing of Pompeii or Herculaneum;

nothing of the lingual tie that binds together the Indo-European nations; nothing of the significance of the vast volume of inscriptions upon the tombs and temples of Egypt; nothing of the meaning of the arrow-headed inscriptions of Babylon;

nothing of the marvellous civilizations revealed in the remains of Yucatan, Mexico and

Peru.

We are on the threshold.

Scientific investigation is advancing with giant strides. Who shall say that one hundred years from now the great museums of the world may not be adorned with gems, statues, arms and implements from Atlantis, while the libraries of the world shall contain translations of its inscriptions, throwing new light upon all the past history of the human race, and all the great problems which now perplex the thinkers of our day?"

We do not of course, endorse all that is here so eloquently portrayed,but among the undiscovered wonders of the past it appears but reasonable to believe that the story of Atlantis may have a good foundation in fact. The book is published by Harper and Brothers, Price Two dollars.

We commend it to the librarians of the Y. M. M.

I. A.

THE JEANNETTE.

THE JEANNETTE.

I knew a boy who cured himself of a longing to go to the Arctic regions by a very simple plan.

He read in the book of an explorer, that if any one desired to get an idea of what winter among the ice was like, he should sit alone in a dark coal-cellar for a few hours.

Sitting there he would be able to imagine the gloom of the days: and a further effort of the imagination would enable him to add the bitterest cold to his sufferings.

This boy went into a coal-cellar and stayed in it for several hours he imagined himself to be in the hold of an Arctic ship, surrounded by hummocks of ice—and he didn't like it a bit.

He abandoned all intention of going to sea, and the nearest he ever got to the Arctic Circle was Bangor, Maine.

The survivors of the Jeannette arrived in New York a few days ago, and what they tell is scarcely more than a repetition of the now familiar perils and sufferings of those who venture into the icebound seas.

Their little ship was in the grip of the ice for nearly two years, and then went down, leaving them to make a long and difficult journey to the wintry city of Siberia, Irkutsk.

Some of their original number perished on the way, as you know, and the fate of another boat's crew is yet uncertain.

Familiar as the story of Arctic exploration is, it has a charm no less potent than that which induces men to seek the pole itself in the face of every discouragement and in defiance of every instinct of self-preservation.

The survivors of the Jeannette, who landed in New York a few days ago, to rejoin their friends after an absence of nearly three years, would, no doubt, be willing to venture forth again, though they have suffered so much; and like the fabled sirens, the spirit of the extreme North allures men into the frozen domain with inevitable fascination, while visiting the greatest pains upon those who yield to the invitation.

The benefits to be derived from Arctic exploration must be almost entirely of a scientific character, as there is nothing in those remote and desolate regions to tempt commercial enterprise—neither inhabitants nor-products.

It seems almost unaccountable that any youth who reads the adventures of the survivors of the Jeannette should ever want to go into the Arctic regions, but the ambition is a cherished one among many boys, and some of them would not abandon it even after a prolonged experiment in a coal-cellar, or solitary confinement in a large refrigerator.

One day was like nearly all the rest on board the Jeannette.

At seven o'clock in the morning, during the winter, all hands were called and the galley-fires were lit;

at nine, breakfast was served;

the hours from eleven to one were devoted to exercise; dinner was eaten at three, when the galley-fires were put out to save coal, and between seven and eight there was tea.

Only twenty-five pounds of coal a day were allowed for heating the cabin;

twenty-five for the forecastle and ninety for cooking.

The food consisted principally of canned articles, with the addition, now and then, of walrus sausages and seal steaks.

In the winter, of course, lights were required at all times.

Darkness reigned day and night, except when the aurora flashed its lovely colors up the sky.

The men suffered in many ways from the cold, and among others, with pains after eating.

The hours dragged along without interest.

The ice thundered in the darkness, and the little ship quivered as if in pain.

In many places it was twenty feet thick, and surrounded her in great hills.

She was helpless in its clasp, and drifted to and fro with it.

Sometimes the noise and vibration were terrific, and the esquimo dogs whined with fear.

The ship began to leak from the pressure, and then the men found extra work at the pumps.

It is a pitiful picture, this group of explorers braving the Arctic night; poorly fed;

chilled;

ailing from blindness and

THE yEANNETTE.

frost-bite, and in constant peril—groping their way about the deck and on the surrounding ice in the cold of death, and waiting for the long-hidden sun to come again.

Yet they were of good heart.

There were no bickerings among them, no embittering jealousies, no signs of insubordination or discontent.

The most touching thing in the record of the survivors is the consideration which each showed to the others.

When one of them was crippled, he was unwilling to leave his share of the work to his companions, and begged to be allowed to continue, until the captain positively ordered him into the hospital.

Among the whole number there does not seem to have been one who was not a hero, not one who was petulant in suffering, or afraid to do his duty.

The discipline was strict, but the conduct of the crew was so good that it was only necessary to punish one member, whose offence was profanity, during the twenty-one months the ship was in the pack.

They celebrated Washington's Birthday and the Fourth of July by decking the masts with flags.

On Christmas eve the yeanneite's "Minstrel Troupe"gave an entertainment, and on Christmas day a few luxuries were added to the ordinary dinner, the menu of which was written out with mock pomposity.

But the voyage was lacking in incident.

A book on the Arctic regions, which the crew had been reading, was often criticized.

In it the author says, "This part of the ocean is teeming with animal life, and navigable polynias are numerous."The explorers in the yeannette found few specimens, except bears, seals and walruses.

During the summer it was difficult to get bears, as they took to the water readily and so cut off their pursuers.

But sometimes they closely approached the ship, and one of them ventured half-way up the gang-plank, where it was killed.

On another occasion, a mother and two cubs walked cautiously and wonderingly up to the ship.

A volley was fired into them, and the crew expected to bag all of them, but they managed to escape.

The mother-bear lay down once or twice as if wounded, but she rose again and drove her cubs before her, and showed impatience when they moved slowly.

Some foxes were also seen. They seemed to follow the bears as the pilot-fish follows the shark, and the jackal the lion.

The naturalist of the expedition, Dr.

Raymond Newcomb, a young gentleman of Salem, Mass., was not impressed with the courage of the bears.

"Having read and heard much of the ferocious polar bear,"he says, "I can never forget my feelings as on one occasion Mr. Collins (the meteorologist) and I approached two large ones which we had discovered.

I thought they were going to show fight.

Cocking our pieces we walked towards them, but when we were within four hundred yards one of them turned and left.

"We got about one hundred yards nearer, when the remaining bear started off, shaking his head ominously.

We immediately let go a shot each, which increased his speed, and we followed him in hot pursuit; but he and his companion soon distanced us.

At first, I thought it was going to be a fight for life between us, and when I saw them turn and run, my only sensations were those of disgust and disappointment."The sinking of the ship was not unexpected, and those on board had prepared to leave her some time before she finally went down.

It was evident that she could not withstand the pressure which the second winter brought to bear upon her.

She groaned and shook in the ice.

A curious humming sound was audible the deck-seams cracked.

Iron bars sprang out of their sockets and danced like drum-sticks on the head of a drum.

The ship lay over on her side, and it was as if she was shivering with an ague.

Hummocks of ice were piled round her, and pressed closer and closer upon her.

Then a crash was heard, and a man rushed up from below.

"The ice is coming through the coal-bunkers he said.

After the crash there was no sound save the rush of the water; the ship was

THE LOST COLONY.

settling fast.

The boats and provisions were transferred to the ice: she keeled over until the yard-arms were against the ice and the starboard rail was under water.

"Just before the watch from our tent was called,"Dr. Newcomb has written, "I heard a noise which must have been the ship as she went down.

I looked out soon after and she was gone, her only requiem being the melancholy howl of a single dog.

Only a few floating articles marked the place.

"Insignificant as the Jeannette was in comparison with the ice, her disappearance made a great change in the scene.

During her existence there was always something animated to turn to and look at, but now all was a dreary blank.

The story of the retreat is now well known.

A heavy gale overtook the three boats in which the party was divided, and during it they were separated.

The crew of one boat including, among others, Lieutenant Danenhauer and Dr.

Newcomb, safely landed, after much suffering, at the mouth of the Lena River in Siberia.

Capt. De Long's boat also succeeded in landing, but his party, with the exception of two seamen, died miserably while looking for succor.

The third "boat has not been heard from, but there is scarcely any doubt that she went down in the gale.

Courage is always noble, and we cannot withhold our admiration from those who suffered so much and did their duty so bravely in the Arctic seas, but when we count the lives sacrificed and see the few survivors returned to us, one of them partially blind, the others more or less shattered in constitution, we wish the high qualities which are necessary in Arctic exploration could be used in fields where, though the perils may not be less, the recompense would be more adequate than it is ever likely to be at the longsought pole.—Youth''s Companion.

THE LOST COLONY.

Although now consisting of little else than barren rocks, mountains covered with snow and ice, and valleys covered with glaciers—although its coasts are now lined with floods of ice, and chequered with icebergs of immense size, Greenland was once easily accessible;

its soil was fruitful, and well repaid the cultivation of the earth.

It was discovered by the Scandinavians, towards the close of the tenth century, and a settlement was effected on the eastern coast, in the year 982, by a company of adventurers from Iceland, under command of Eric the Red.

Emigrants flocked thither from Iceland and Norway, and the results of European enterprise and civilization appeared on different parts of the coast.

A colony was established in Greenland, and it bid fair to go on and prosper.

Voyages of exploration were projected in Greenland, and carried into effect by the hardy mariners of those days.

Papers have been published by the Danish Antiquarian Society at Copenhagen, which go far to show that those bold navigators discovered the coast of

Labrador, and proceeding to the south, fell in with the Island of Nowfoundland;

continuing their course, they beheld the sandy shores of Cape Cod, centuries before the American continent was discovered by Christopher Columbus It is even believed that these Scandinavian adventurers effected a settlement on the shores of what is now known as Narragansett Bay, in Rhode Island, and in consequence of the multitude of grapes which abounded in the woods, they called the new and fruitful country Vinland.

But owing to the great number of hostile savages who inhabited these regions, the colonists, after some sanguinary skirmishes, forsook the coast and returned to

Greenland.

The colony, however, continued to flourish, and the intercourse between it and the mother country was constant and regular.

In the year 1400 it is said to

THE LOST COLONY.

have numbered one hundred and ninety villages, a bishopric, twelve parishes, and two monasteries. During this period of four hundred years, vessels were passing, at regular intervals, between the

Danish provinces in Europe and Greenland.

But in the year this intercourse was interrupted in a fatal manner.

A mighty wall arose, as if by magic, along the coast, and the navigators who sought those shores could behold the mountains in the distance, but could not effect a landing.

During the greater part of the fifteenth, the whole of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, Greenland was inaccessible to European navigators.

The whole coast was blockaded by large masses and islands of ice, which had been drifting from the north for years, and which at length chilled the waters of the coast, and changed the temperature of the atmosphere, and presented an impassable barrier to the entrance in their ports of friend or foe.

The sea, at the distance of miles from the land, was frozen to a great depth, vegetation was destroyed, and the very rocks were rent with the cold.

And this intensely rigid weather continued for ages!

The colony of Greenland, after this unexpected event took place, never had any intercourse with their friends in the mother country.

They were cut off from all the rest of the world.

And by this sudden and unanticipated change of climate they were also doubtless deprived of all resources within themselves.

Their fate, however, is a mystery.

History is silent on the subject.

All which is known of this unfortunate people is, that they no longer exist.

The ruins of their habitations and their churches have since been discovered along the coast by adventurous men, who have taken advantage of an amelioration in the climate to explore that sterile country, and establish settlements again on various parts of the coast; and also by missionaries, who have braved hardships and perils to introduce among the aboriginal inhabitants the blessings of civilization and Christianity.

No other traces of those early European settlers have been discovered, and we can only speculate upon their fate.

It would require no vivid fancy to imagine the appalling sense of destitution which blanched the features and chilled the hearts of those unhappy colonists when they began to realize their forlorn condition; when the cold rapidly increased, and their harbors became permanently blocked with enormous icebergs, and the genial rays of the sun were obscured by fogs;

when the winters became for the first time intensely rigid, cheerless and dreary;

when the summers were also cold and the soil unproductive; when the mountains, no longer crowned with forests, were covered with snow and ice throughout the year, and the valleys filled with glaciers;

when the wonted inhabitants of the woods and waters were destroyed or exiled by the severity of the weather, and their places perhaps supplied by monsters of huge and frightful character.

It were easy to follow this people in fancy to their dwellings;

to see them sad, spiritless and despairing, while conscious of their imprisoned and cheerless condition, and impending fate;

to watch them as their numbers gradually diminish through the combined influence of want and continual suffering;

to behold them struggling for existence, and striving, nobly striving, to adapt their constitutions, their habits, their feelings, and their wants, to their strangely changed circumstances, but all in vain;

to behold them gazing from their icy cliffs, with straining eyes, to the eastward, towards that quarter of the globe, so far distant, where their friends and relations reside, in a more genial clime, surrounded with all the blessings of life, but compelled to rest their eyes on a vast, dreary, and monotonous sea of ice, a mass of frozen waves surrounding myriads of icebergs, extending to the utmost limit of their vision.

Fancy might even go farther than this, and portray the last of these unhappy colonists, who had lingered on the stage of life until he had seen all of his companions, all, of each sex and every age, die a miserable death, the prey of want and despair.

Poets have described, in

GIRL AND EMPRESS.

lines of beauty and sublimity, the horrors which may be supposed to surround "the last man;"but there seems to be a remoteness, and indeed an air of improbability about the subject, which robs it of half its force and majesty.

But here is an event which has actually occurred, and worthy of being commemorated by the ablest pen in the land.

Here, indeed, we may imagine, without offending probability, the wild horrors, invading the very temple of reason, and accumulating, until madness takes possession of the mind.

Here we may look for the reality of the fanciful picture, presented with so much terrible distinctness by poets.

John S. Sleeper.

GIRL AND EMPRESS.

The Princess Dagmar, as the Empress of Russia, is still called in the land of her birth, grew up with her sister Alexandra, now the Princess of Wales, at the Danish Court with very modest surroundings.

The Queen was an excellent mother, and sought to develop in her daughters the woman in preference to the princess.

It used to be said at the capital that the princesses were made to help in making their own dresses, and that the furniture in their common bedroom was covered with inexpensive calico.

A story of the naive admiration expressed by Princess Dagmar on being shown the wedding trousseau of one of the noble ladies at court, and her longing wonder whether she would ever herself own "such handsome things/'was told with a touch of sympathetic pride by the people of Copenhagen, with whom the two princess were great favorites.

Dagmar hacwon her way deepest into the people's heart, however.

Her sweet disposition, the winning grace of her manner, and the perfect freedom with which she, like her sisters (and indeed the whole royal family), moved among all classes of the people were well calculated to gain for her an affection, which followed her to her new home, and found expression at her wedding in a score of ways that touched the heart of the princess profoundly.

At every subsequent appearance at her father's court, she was received by the people with an enthusiasm that even embraced her husband, despite the rumors of his sinister character and violent temper, that from the beginning had threatened to make the match an unpopular one.

The Czarowitz apparently took kindly to this popularity, and when at Copenhagen mingled freely with the populace.

His bluff, soldierly way soon found favor, and when Dagmar's children, in little kilted suits and with dark hair "banged"over their foreheads, began to be seen about the park, at Fredencksborg, "grandpapa's"summer palace, the reconciliation to the foreigner was complete.

One of the causes that contributed to the popularity of the Princess Dagmar was, perhaps, her name.

Her father had wisely given to all his children, except Alexandra, old historical Danish names, identified with the past of the nation.

Frederick Christian, Valdemar, and Thyra, are all names that hold a high place in Danish histor}', and live in its songs and traditions.

But of all the nation's great names, none is dearer to the heart of the Danish people than that of Dagmar, the Queen of the victorious Valdemar, and the friend of the needy and oppressed throughout the land, whose goodness was so great that on her untimely death-bed, according to tradition, no greater sin weighed upon her conscience than sewing a lace sleeve on

Sunday.

The people of Copenhagen, among whom the Princess Dagmar moved, liked to compare her virtues with those of the beloved Queen, and, at her departure for her Russian home, the fervent wish followed her that she would prove in truth a veritable Dagmar—

a "harbinger of day"to the unhappy people whose Empress she was some day to become.

The Princess Dagmar was not a handsome child, her features being clumsy though pleasing; but she grew into a very beautiful woman, like her sister Alexandra.

In every print-shop in Copenhagen, pictures of her and her husband, with their children, are for sale.

The children have little of their mother's looks, but bear a strong resemblance to their father.

Selected.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

GOSIAVMre DOUBLE ACTIOS Life-Lasting Hobbles AND Patent Nose Sachs.

is •) K GIVEN AWAY As follows:

S50 Concord Harness.

50 Buga;y Harness.

25 Buccara Saddle.

C. J. GUSTAVESON.

66 and 68 Second South St., Salt Lake City.

New and Second Hand, Call and see J.

P. SORENSOH k C0M 16 M A 8 N ST;

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

gflii p§ SPECIALTY IN 123, 125, 127, 129, MASS MET,.Sai.t Lake City, LADIES'and GENT'S NITU Cornice ant Cnrtains, etc., Mattresses anil leathers, etc.

ins IB &L0? m,j NOVELTIES IN Nechwear, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery, Embroidery and Laces.

V*tH^&&} Salt Late Cite Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

SfflLi The Leading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

ipTFnj tTranr-j Mercantile Establishment CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

in the West S^ SALT LAKE CITy7~UTAH.

'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent?

a.

"To".

oooiva::es, PAINTER, HUT SOUTH SlEIIf, HI&B TIIATBI.

Painting in all its Branches at Reasonable Prices.

Office and Yard.

Corner East of Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEALS IN Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Rear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Rear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, One

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Ploivs all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares/or all •sizes of Flows.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond.Cultivators, Weir Harrows, and other Agricultural Imjrtements.

All Implements warranted tc be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

VOICE * WARNING, AND ALL, THE Publications of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, FOR SALE BY DESERET NEWS COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY.

SOLID WALNOT FRAMES.

oif PEICE S3. 00 A PAIR.

j± rr CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

rail Ofl t 1882.

S & SONS WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS AMD NOTIONS GROCERIES, WOODENWARE, and TINWARE,

CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE, STOVES, GLASS, ETC., ETC.

r Our Stock is Larger than ever and cannot be excelled by any house west of the Jialit;

and Prices kmid to Sivs Satisfaction.

ORDERS BY MAIL SOLICITED.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.

Emporium Buildings, Salt Lake City, Utah.