p V0L.ni.

jULY, 1882.

No- 10 - The Glory of God is Intelligence* THE 6DKTR1 BUTDR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SALT LAKE CITY* ITTAH,

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

X.

Spirits -II Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

VII Moses Thatcher The Echo Canon War.

VIII Vaux Parental Duty O.

F. Whitney Character of Washington Thomas Jefferson Agency of Man H, W.

Naisbitt Modern Christianity John E.

Carlisle Land of the Nile 5.

B. E Social Evils,B. H.

Roberts In the White Mountains P. P.

Pratt The Old P'olks Jos.

L.

Townsend Friendship E. B.

Wells Editorial:

Respect for Age In Memoriam The Utah Commission General Skobeleff W.

J.

Home-Coming Millie May Association Intelligence:

Quarterly Conference „Questions to Answer IT STANOS AT THE HEAD!

THE LIGHT RUNNING DOMESTIC!

THE BEST IN THE WORLD.

If you buy a Domestic SEWING MACHINE, And should desire any other kind after using it Two Months, we will exchange and give yon one of any other make that retails at the same price.

We keep all kinds of machines and jtz—See the—?

Btfore you bay a Sewing Machine

Agents for the Western Territories.

Main Street, Near Co-op.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

jSZSjSSISSJ VOICE * WARNING, PU0 Ul CATIONS CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAY SAINTS, FOR SALE BY Degettt NeWg Go.,* f «<« SALT LAKE CITY.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.

There are but forty remaining copies of the first volume.

Persons or Associations desiring a complete set will do well to apply at once.

A few copies in uniform binding at the same price.

Subscribers returning their numbers in September can get them bound before Conference.

Cost of Binding Volumes in half leather and dark blue cloth, *•£#- f<^^ ^Bp 1^ip ^5 See the Prospectus.

Address:

JUNIUS F. WELLS, p.

o.

box 305.

Salt Lake City.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SGHUTTLER FARM, FREIGHT AND SPRING WAGONS,

OGDEN, UTAH, AND SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A URGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the Latest Jtojp»#F## Fmwm Wm@Aim@M* ^^C3E3STT FOE THE CELEBRA.TEr>

DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling Wire and Fatent Bale Ties.

ACENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederiek Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO. A. LOWE, OGDEN.UTAH.

Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DINWOODEY'S, First South. Street Salt Lake City.

A..

"SW.

PAINTER, KBST 80UTS SfEllf, HIAB ISIATII.

Pointing in all its Branches at BeasQnable Prices*

ADVERTISEMENTS, J CAPITAL, $200,000.

SURPLUS, ^12o,0UU.

DIRECTORS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Presto WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Prest, L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

(Dealers in Rarclzuood, lfolts; Iron,

Steel, CHAINS, AND/LL KI^DS OF FAT\M FIXTURES.

(flG^ We kindly invite our friends to call and examine ^T O a\U "^ 'Agents for the Oelebrated our stock before purchasing **f% OP STUBEBAKER FARM AND SPRJNG WAGONS,.- «nARu %|0N elsewhere.

dOAl* Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, FURST & BRADLEY SOUTH BEND CHILLED PLOWS,

HARROWS, STJT/K.Y PLOWS and RAKES, Etc.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS -A-lsTID SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, && WM. JENNINGS, AARON FARR, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

STUDEBAKER BROS.

MANT'G"C0A "^y.South 3g^- MANUFACTURERS OF Farmy Freigfit i SpringWagons,

All sizes and styles of. which ive carry in stock, or will build to any special order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

eMWTMAM BMAN&M M&W^M„JA8.

B. GLASS, Manager.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BOOKS FOR UN LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, I81110., flexible cloth, 10 vols., each, 45 cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Roscoe and Stewart.

18mo., flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, 18mo.

, flexible cloth, 6 vols., each 45 cents.

Will be sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt of price-

D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers, New York.

Boston.

Chicago.

SanFrancisco.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

JULY, 1882.

No.

10.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

IX.

SPIRITS—II.

Having said so much upon general principles, without referring to the peculiar situation, power and influence of the magicians of Egypt, the wizards and witches of the Jews, the oracles of the heathen, their necromancers, soothsayers and astrologers, the maniacs or those possessed of devils in the Apostles'days, we will notice, and try to detect, so far as we have the Scriptures for our aid, some few instances of the development of false spirits in more modern times, and in this our day.

The ''French Prophets"were possessed of a spirit that deceived; they existed in Vivaris and Dauphany, in great numbers in the year 1688;

there were many boys and girls, from seven to twenty-five; they had strange fits, as in tremblings and faintings, which made them stretch out their legs and arms, as in a swoon; they remained awhile in trances, and coming out of them, uttered all that came in their mouths.

[See Buck's Theological Dictionary].

Now God never had any Prophets that acted in this way;

there was nothing indecorous in the proceedings of the Lord's

Prophets in any age;

neither had the Apostles, nor Prophets in the Apostles'day, anything of this kind.

Paul says, "Ye may all prophesy, one by one; and if anything be revealed to another, let the first hold his peace, for the spirit of the Prophets is subject to the Prophets;"but here we find that the prophets are subject to the spirit, and, falling down, have twitchings, tumblings and faintings, io through the influence of that spirit, being entirely under its control.

Paul says, "Let everything be done decently and in order,"but here we find the greatest disorder and indecency in the conduct of both men and women, as above described.

The same rule would apply to the fallings, twitchings, swoonings, shaking and trances of many of our modern revivalists.

Johanna Southcott professed to be a prophetess, and wrote a book of prophecies in 1804;

she became the founder of a people that are now extant.

She was to bring forth, in a place appointed, a son, that was to be the Messiah, which thing has failed.

Independent of this, however, where do we read of a woman that was the founder of a church, in the word of God?

Paul told the women in his day, "To keep silence in the Church, and that if they wished to know anything to ask their husbands at home;"he would not suffer a woman "to rule, or to usurp authority in the Church;"but here we find a woman the founder of a church, the revelator and guide, the Alpha and Omega, contrary to all acknowledged rule, principle and order.

Jemimah Wilkinson was another prophetess that figured largely in America, in the last century.

She stated that she was taken sick and died, and that her soul went to heaven, where it still continues.

Soon after, her body was reanimated with the spirit and power of Christ, upon which she set up as a public teacher, and declared that she had an immediate revelation.

Now the Scriptures positively assert that "Christ is the first fruit,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

afterwards those that are Christ's at his coming, then cometh the end."But Jemimah, according to her testimony, died, and rose again before the time mentioned in the Scriptures.

The idea of her soul being in heaven while her body was on earth, is also preposterous.

When God breathed into man's nostrils, he became a living soul, before that he did not live, and when that was taken away, his body died; and so did our Savior when the spirit left the body, nor did his body live until his spirit returned in the power of his resurrection.

But Mrs. Wilkinson's soul [life] was in heaven, and her body without the soul [or life] on earth, living without the soul, or without life.

The Irvingites are a people that have counterfeited the truth, perhaps the nearest of any of our modern sectarians.

They commenced about ten years ago, in the city of London, in England;

they have churches formed in various parts of

England and Scotland, and some few in Upper Canada.

Mr. Irving, their founder, was a learned and talented minister of the Church of Scotland;

he was a great logician, and a powerful orator, but withal wild and enthusiastic in his views.

Moving in the higher circles, and possessing talent and zeal, placed him in a situation to become a conspicuous character, and to raise up a society similar to that which is called after his name.

The Irvingites have apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists and angels.

They profess to have the gift of tongues, and the interpretation of tongues, and, in some few instances, to have the gift of healing.

The first prophetic spirit that was manifested was in some Miss Campbells that

Mr. Irving met with, while on a journey in Scotland; they had, what is termed among their sect, "utterances,"which were evidently of a supernatural agency.

Mr.

Irving, falling into the common error of considering all supernatural manifestations to be of God, took them to London with him, and introduced them into his church.

They were there honored as the prophetesses of God, and when they spoke,

Mr. Irving or any of his ministers had to keep silence.

They were peculiarly wrought upon before the congregation, and had strange utterances, uttered with an unnatural, shrill voice, and with thrilling intonation's;

they frequently made use of a few broken, unconnected sentences, that were ambiguous, incoherent, and incomprehensible;

at other times they were more clearly understood.

They would frequently cry out, "There is iniquity!

There is iniquity!"And Mr. Irving has been led, under the influence of this charge, to fall down upon his knees before the public congregation, and to confess his sin, not knowing whether he had sinned, nor wherein, nor whether the thing referred to him or somebody else.

During these operations, the bodies of the persons speaking were powerfully wrought upon, their countenances were distorted, they had frequent twitchings in their hands, and the whole system was powerfully convulsed at intervals; they sometimes, however (it is supposed), spoke in correct tongues, and had true interpretations.

Under the influence of this spirit, the church was organized by these women apostles, prophets, etc., were soon called, and a systematic order of things introduced, as above mentioned. A Mr. Baxter (afterwards one of the principal prophets), upon going into one of their meetings, says, "I saw a power manifested, and thought that it was the power of God, and asked that it might fall upon me;

it did so, and I began to prophesy.

Eight or nine years ago they had about sixty preachers going through the streets of London, testifying that London was to be the place where the "two witnesses,"spoken of by John, were to prophesy that they, "The Church and the Spirit,"were the witnesses, and that at the end of three years and a half there was to be an earthquake and great destruction, and our Savior was to come.

Their apostles were called together at the# appointed time watching the event, but Jesus did not come, and the prophesy was then ambiguously explained away.

They frequently had signs given them by the spirit to prove to them that what was manifested to them should take place.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

Mr. Baxter related an impression that he had cencerning a child.

It was maniifested to him that he should visit the child, and lay hands upon it, and that it should be healed; and to prove to him that this was of God, he should meet his brother, in a certain place, who should speak unto him certain words.

His brother addressed him precisely in the way and manner that the manifestation designated.

The sign took place, but when he laid his hands upon the child it did not recover.

I cannot vouch for the authority of the last statement, as Mr.

Baxter at that time had left the Irvingites, but it is in accordance with many of their proceedings, and the thing never has been attempted to be denied.

It may be asked, where is there anything in'1 all this that is wrong?

First.

The church was organized by women, and "God placed in the Church, first apostles^ secondarily prophets"and not first women; but Mr. Irving placed in his church first women, secondarily apostles;

and the church was founded and organized by them.

A woman has no right to found or organize a church

God never sent them to do it.

Second.

Those women would speak in the midst of a meeting, and rebuke Mr. Irving or any of the church.

Now the Scripture positively says, "Thou shalt not rebuke an Elder, but entreat him as a

Father;"not only this, but they frequently accused the brethren, thus placing themselves in the seat of Satan, who is emphatically called "the accuser of the brethren."Third.

Mr. Baxter received the spirit on asking for it, without attending to the ordinances, and began to prophesy, whereas the Scriptural way of attaining the gift of the Holy Ghost is, by baptism, and by laying on of hands.

Fourth.

As we have stated in regard to others, the spirit of the Prophets is subject to the Prophets; but those prophets were subject to the spirits, the spirit controlling their bodies at pleasure.

But it may be asked how Mr. Baxter could get a sign from a second person?

To this we would answer that Mr. Baxter's brother was under the same spirit as himself, and being subject to that spirit he could be easily made to speak to Mr. Baxter whatever the spirit should dictate;

but there was not power in the spirit to heal the child.

Again it may be asked, how it was that they could speak in tongues if they were of the devil?

We would answer that they could be made to speak in another tongue, as well as their own, as they were under the control of that spirit, and the devil can tempt the Hottentot, the Turk, the Jew, or any other nation; and if these men were under the influence of his spirit, they of course could speak Hebrew, Latin, Greek, Italian, Dutch or any other language that the devil knew.

Some will say, "try the spirits"by the word.

"Every spirit that confesseth that

Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God;

and every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God;"John iv:

2, 3.

One of the Irvingites once quoted this passage whilst under the influence of a spirit, and then said, "I confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh."And yet these prophecies failed, their Messiah did not come; and the great things spoken of by them have fallen to the ground.

What is the matter here?

Did not the Apostle speak the truth?

Certainly he did—but he spoke to a people who were under the penalty of death, the moment they embraced Christianity; and no one without a knowledge of the fact would confess it, and expose themselves to death; and this was consequently given as a criterion to the Church or Churches to which John wrote.

But the devil, on a certain occasion, cried out, "I know thee, who thou art, the lHoly one of GodP "Here was a frank acknowledgment, under other circumstances, that "Jesus had come in the flesh."On another occasion the devil said, "Paul we know, and Jesits we know"of course come in the flesh.

No man nor set of men without the regular constituted authorities, the Priesthood and discerning of spirits, can tell true from false spirits.

This power they possessed in the Apostles'day, but it has departed from the world for ages.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHET.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints have also had their false spirits; and as it is made up of all those different sects professing every variety of opinion, and having been under the influence of so many kinds of spirits, it is not to be wondered at, if there should be found amongst us false spirits.

Soon after the Gospel was established, in Kirtland, and during the absence of the authorities of the Church, many false spirits were introduced, many strange visions were seen, and wild enthusiastic notions were entertained; men run out of doors under the influence of this spirit, and some of them got upon stumps of trees and shouted, and all kinds of extravagances were entered into by them; one man pursued a ball that he said he saw flying in the air, until he came to a precipice, when he jumped into the top of a tree, which saved his life;

and many ridiculous things were entered into, calculated to bring disgrace upon the Church of God, to cause the Spirit of God to be withdrawn, and to uproot and destroy those glorious principles which had been developed for the salvation of the human family.

But when the authorities returned, the spirit was made manifest, those members that were exercised with it were tried for their fellowship, and those that would not repent and forsake it, were cut off.

At a subsequent period, a Shaker spirit was on the point of being introduced, and at another time the Methodist and

Presbyterian falling-down power, but the spirit was rebuked and put down, and those who would not submit to rule and good order were disfellowshipped.

We have also had brethren and sisters who have had the gift of tongues falsely;

they would speak in a muttering unnatural voice, and their bodies be distorted like the Irvingites before alluded to;

whereas, there is nothing unnatural in the Spirit of God.

A circumstance of this kind took place in Upper Canada, but was rebuked by the presiding Elder;

another, a woman, near the same place, professed to have the discerning of spirits, and began to accuse another sister of things that she was not guilty of.

which she said she knew was so by the spirit, but afterwards was proven to be false; she placed herself in the capacity of the "accuser of the brethren,"and no person through the discerning of spirits can bring a charge against another, they must be proven guilty by positive evidence, or they stand clear.

There have also been ministering angels in the Church, which were of Satan appearing as an angel of light.

A sister in the State of New York, had a vision, who said it was told her that if she would go to a certain place in the woods, an angel would appear to her.

She went at the appointed time, and saw a glorious personage descending, arrayed in white, with sandy colored hair;

he commenced and told her to fear God, and said that her husband was called to do great things, but that he must not go more than one hundred miles from home, or he would not return whereas God had called him to go to the ends of the earth, and he has since been more than one thousand miles from home, and is yet alive.

Many true things were spoken by this personage, and many things that were false.

How, it may be asked, was this known to be a bad angel?

By the color of his hair; that is one of the signs that he can be known by, and by his contradicting a former revelation.

We have also had brethren and sisters that have had written revelations, and have started forward to lead this Church.

Such was a young boy in Kirtland, Isaac

Russell, of Missouri, and Gladden Bishop, and Oliver Olney, of Nauvoo.

The boy is now living with his parents, who have submitted to the laws of the Church.

Mr.

Russell stayed in Far West, from whence he was to go to the Rocky Mountains, led by three Nephites, but the Nephites never came, and his friends forsook him, all but some of his blood relations, who have since been nearly destroyed by the mob.

Mr.

Bishop was tried by the High Council, his papers examined, condemned and burned, and he cut off the Church.

He acknowledged the justice of the decision, and said, "that he now saw his error, for if he had been governed by the

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

2 93 revelations given before, he might have known that no man was to write revelations for the Church, but Joseph Smith,"and begged to be prayed for, and forgiven by the brethren.

Mr. Olney has also been tried by the High Council, and disfellowshipped, because he would not have his writings tested by the word of

God;

evidently proving that he "loves darkness rather than light, because his deeds are evil.

The triumph over our prejudices is of all conquests the most difficult.

Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances.

Strong men believe in cause and effect."MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

"Go to England, the parent of our nation and ask her people what virtue is, and, if you do not receive a direct answer, you will soon learn that it is almost a thing of the past.

The starving beggar, driven perhaps by the desperation of hunger to steal a penny loaf, is seized by the minions of the law and becomes the inmate of a prison house.

But he who violates chastity and destroys virtue, pays the penalty, if there be issue, with two shillings and sixpence per week.

Thou christian nation!

Thy shores are washed upon every hand by the billows of the seas, yet, thou art full of all manner of uncleanness!

The streets of thy cities, by night and day, are the abode of abomination:

prostitution stalks unmanned and unshamed in thy fair places

The hot breath of vice has fanned thy villages and passed not by thy hamlets!

Corruption, disease and death are eating away thy vitals, and none can stay the destroyer!

Thy streets are polluted, thy prison houses and asylums are full of the fruits of nature's outraged law!"Now note the progress of this national disease, the "Social evil"among France's thirty-eight millions of people, and form your own estimate as to how long that nation, continuing in their sinful practices, can maintain their present financial and political position.

In the lighi of truth, they have no moral standing.

In the year 1863, the population of Paris was one million six hundred and ninety six thousand;

and there were solemnized during that year eighteen thousand marriages, and sixty-two thousand one hundred children were born.

In 1865, two years later, the population had inceased two hundred and twenty-nine thousand;

notwithstanding which, however, marriages had decreased two thousand three hundred, and births seven thousand;

thus showing increase in population of over thirteen per cent, a decrease of marriages of twelve per cent, and a decline in births of nearly thirteen per cent.

But the saddest feature of the whole is, that, of the fifty-five thousand births during the year 1865, sixteen thousand, or nearly one third, were the offspring of illegitimacy, the fruits of unbridled passion—heirs of shame and sorrow.

The census of France in showed that there were ten millions two hundred thousand bachelors, nine millions five hundred thousand old maids, and nearly three millions widows and widowers and only about seven millions of married couples.

Thus, indicating that more than half the adult population had no regard for the marriage relation, the entire population of France at that date, being only a little over thirty-seven millions and, as I have shown, twenty-two millions were bachelors and spinsters, widows and widowers, and only fourteen millions married people thus leaving only one million children, or an average of one child to every fourteen married persons, or one to thirty-six of the total population.

In Utah,among the "Mormons,"every fourth person is a child under eight years of age.

In France, one to thirty-six!

In Utah, one to four!

In France every third child is illegitimate; inUtah,not one

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

in a thousand.

The reader can draw his own conclusion, and while doing so, may remember the means adopted by Pharaoh to prevent the rapid increase of Israel while in bondage.

The Egyptians killed the male offspring of the Hebrews, and

God smote with death the firstborn of all Egpyt.

Herod caused the murder of innocent children because he feared the coming power of Jesus whom he thought thus to destroy.

What was the result?

Ask the Jews, who lost, not only what they feared they would lose, their place and nation, but their greatness and power, becoming and remaining for eighteen hundred years, the oppressed of all oppressors, while their name, as predicted, has been a hiss and bye word among the nations.

And here let us ask what is meant by the constant howl about "Mormonism"and "Mormon"marriages?

Why do religious hypocrites constantly urge presidents and national law-makers to do somethingto deprive the "Mormons"of their liberty for which the forefathers of many of them so bravely fought?

Why do ministers and infidels, church members and gamblers, clergymen and libertines, devout laymen and adulterers and harlots all join in one united everlasting cry to persecute, drive and crush an honest, God-fearing people, who have already, in our glorious land of liberty, been driven from their homes five times, while their cruel, unrelenting enemies despoiled them of their earthly possessions?

Go ask the condemned, imprisoned souls of Pharaoh and Herod what induced them to pursue the wicked course which they adopted and, if they have learned by what they have suffered, how to tell the truth, we will have the • answer of these people, on the "Mormon"question.

A national dishonor indeed!

Let the people of our nation cease their hypocritical cant about morality; at least, until they manifest by their works some disposition to check the fearful evils which are sapping the very foundations of our national greatness.

The people who poison with contaminaing, loathsome disease, the fountains of life while destroying the fruit of their loins, will perish, and the curse of God will follow them beyond the grave.

No nation, kingdom or empire can ignore these facts and stand.

Their banners may float upon every sea, their armies may fill every land; the busy hum of their industries may make music for every ear;

their merchants and bankers may fill the land with glittering gold and sparkling jewels;

the railways may span continents;

their mines yield millions;

the statesmen may swell in the pride of greatness while their thoughts flash around the world; and the whole body politic may appear healthy and strong;

but where the "social evil"prevails, there is death's poison in the heart, and each pulsation must scatter disease throughout the whole system, and the writing will surely appear upon the wall and many hearts will quake when the sentence "thou hast been weighed in the balance and found wanting"shall be passed.

Daniel and the Hebrew children had special laws enacted for them, the latter being required to bow down and worship a golden image. Those who caused the passage of that decree knew that the

Hebrew boys must either violate the commands of God or disobey the kingly decree.

They had before observed the laws of the land and prospered, but here was one enacted by their envious, spiteful enemies purposely to entrap and destroy them.

It succeeded; for they would not forget God and bow to an image made by man. What was the result? Why, they were lawfully condemned to die, for the penalty of disobedience to the law was to be cast into a fiery furnace.

When brought before the furious king, they neither plead for mercy nor railed against the injustice of the decree, but simply answered, when the haughty monarch asked, "And who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?"as follows:—"O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.

If it be so, our God whom we serve, is able to deliver us from the burning, fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hands, O King.

But if not, be it known unto thee, O King, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up."

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY,

This trust in God brought them through all right, but the strong men who cast them into the fire perished, while the God of Abraham, was honored thereby.

How was it in the case of Daniel?

Certain officious fellows who were jealous of his influence sought occasion against him, but failing to find fault or error because of his faithfulness in all things, said, "We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God.

Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king and said thus unto him, King Darius live forever All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors and the princes, the counselors and the captains have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O King, he shall be cast into the den of lions. Now, O King, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians which altereth not.

Wherefore, King Darius signed the writing and the decree."

Now Daniel had been accustomed, as •the people knew, to pray three times a day at an open window facing Jerusalem.

That is why they had the decree passed;

they knew it would entrap him and it did.

They succeeded and Daniel was cast into the lions'den according to the unalterable law, but he came out all right, for the beasts seemed to respect him, hence they did him no harm; but when his accusers with their wives and children were cast in, the lions became furious and broke their bones even before they reached the bottom of the pit.

When Millard Fillmore was president of the United States, the Latter-day Saints in Utah Territory not only believed in but practiced polygamy, as a part of their religion; God having required it of them.

Brigham Young, then a practical polygamist and president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints throughout the world, was appointed by President Fillmore and confirmed by the Senate of the United States, Governor and Superintendent of

Indian affairs for the Territory of Utah.

There was to be found no fault in him, nor in the peaceful, God-fearing people of whom he was the official and ecclesiastical head.

But, as in the case of Daniel, certain counselors, self righteous Pharisees of the priestly, religious element of the country, becoming uneasy, spiteful and envious, succeeded, a few years later, by reason of their political influence, in inducing Congress to enact what is generally known as the anti-polygamy law of 1862.

The "Mormons"believed then, and believe now, the act to be unconstitutional, in that it prohibits the free exercise of their religion as guaranteed by the first amendment to that instrument.

But, as the highest judicial tribunal of the nation, on an appealed test case (that of George Reynolds) decided otherwise, they have, in good faith, referred the case, on appeal, to God.

It may be sometime before it comes up in the regular order before the

Supreme Court of the Universe.

But when it is argued upon its merits, in that beautiful City, having twelve gates of pearl, upon which are engraven the names of the Twelve Judges who are the sons of polygamous Jacob by his four wives, honorable polygamous wives, it is more than likely that the decision of the honorable court of Washington, D.C., 1878, which fined and imprisoned George

Reynolds, will be reversed.

The "Mormons,"at least, have an abiding faith in this direction, and, possessing their souls in patience, are willing to await the final disposal of the cause;

expecting, in the meantime, to abide the consequences of the law, as interpreted by the Supreme Court of our nation, and to endure, in case of conviction, the penalty thereof.

That is what Daniel and the Hebrew boys did.

The cases are analogous.

In each case the laws were special, and were enacted for a special purpose. As in the case of the former, so let it be in the latter Individuals and communities may suffer, but, if in the end, God be glorified, and His law honored, the reward will more than recompense for the sorrow and pain through which it may be gained.

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

VIII.

The object (the removal of the troops), to be attained by the burning of the trains, would have been immediately effected, had it not been for the difference of opinion between the actual and nominal commanders of the enemy.

The former, Col. Alexander, a few days after the events recorded in the last number, resolved on immediate departure for Fort Hall; but before getting faraway, was intercepted with positive orders to remain on the road, for the purpose of effecting a junction with the remainder of the troops and proceeding to Salt Lake City with flying colors, under the direct command of General Johnston, and in company with the new civil officers appointed for the Territory.

How these expectations of that gallant officer terminated will be shown later on.

From the time that General Wells left the city to take command in the field, it was not only felt by our people that the time had come, for once in our history, when we would have a voice in the settlement of our affairs, but the enemy also began to apprehend something of the kind.

The following letter from Governor Young to Col. Alexander, breathes the spirit of freedom, and expresses in sincerity the faith of the people, the high regard for the lives of innocent soldiers, and the kindest courtesy for an avowed and presumptuous foe:

'•'Governor's Office, Great Salt Lake City, U. T.

October 16, 1857.

"Sir:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1 2th instant, at 8.30 o'clock this morning, and embrace the earliest opportunity to reply, out of courtesy to your position, at this late season of the year.

As you officially allege it, I acknowledge that you and the forces have been sent to the Territory by the President of the United States, but we shall treat you as though you were open enemies, because I have so many times seen armies in our country, under color of law, drive this people, commonly styled "Mormons,"from their homes, while mobs have followed and plundered at their pleasure, which is now most obviously the design of the general government, as all candid thinking men know full well.

Were not such the fact, why did not the government send an army here to protect us against the savages when we first settled here, and were poor and few in number? So contrary to this was their course, that they sent an informal requisition for five hundred of our most efficient men, (while we were in an Indian country and striving to leave the borders of the United States, from which its civilization (?) had expelled us,) with a preconcerted view to cripple and destroy us.

And do you fancy for a moment that we do not fully understand the tender (?) mercies and designs of our government against us?

Again, if an army was ordered here for peaceful purposes, to protect and preserve the rights and lives of the innocent, why did government send here troops that were withdrawn from Minnesota, where the Indians were slaughtering men, women and children, and were banding in large numbers, threatening to lay waste the country?

You mention that it is alone in my gubernatorial capacity that you have any business with me, though your commanding officer, Brevet-Brigadier General Harney, addressed his letter by Captain Van Vliet to "President Brigham Young, of the society of Mormons.""You acknowledge the receipt of my official proclamation, forbidding your entrance into the Territory of Utah, and upon that point I have only to again inform you that the matter set forth in that document is true, and the orders therein contained will be most strictly carried out.

"If you came here for peaceful purposes, you have no use for weapons of war.

We wish, and ever have wished for peace, and have ever sued for it all the day long, as our bitterest enemies

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

know full well; and though the wicked, with the administration now at their head, have determined that we shall have no peace, except it be to lie down in death, in the name of Israel's God we will have peace, even though we be compelled by our enemies to fight for it.

"We have, as yet, studiously avoided the shedding of blood, though we have resorted to measures to resist our enemies, and through the operations of those mild measures, you can easily perceive that you and your troops are now at the mercy of the elements, and that we live in the mountains, and our men are all mountaineers.

This the government should know, and also give us our rights and then let us alone.

"As to the style of those measures, past, present or future, persons acting in self-defence have of right a wide scope for choice, and that, too, without being very careful as to what name their enemies may see fit to term that choice;

for both we and the Kingdom of God will be free from all hellish oppressors, the Lord being our helper.

Threatenings to waste and exterminate this people have been sounded in our ears for more than a score of years, and we yet live.

The Zion of the Lord is here, and wicked men and devils cannot destroy it!

"If you persist in your attempt to permanently locate an army in this Territory, contrary to the wishes and constitutional rights of the people therein, and with a view to aid the administration in their unhallowed efforts to palm their corrupt officials upon us, and to protect them and blacklegs, black-hearted scoundrels, whore-masters and murderers, as was the sole intention in sending you and your troops here, you will have to meet a mode of warfare against which your tactics furnish you no information.

"As to your inference concerning "public and private letters,"it contains an ungentlemanly and false insinuation for, so far as I have any knowledge, the only stopping or detaining of the character you mention has alone been done by the Post Office Department in Washington; they having, as you must have known, stopped our mail from Independence,

Missouri, by which it was but fair to presume that you, as well as we were measurably curtailed in mail facilities.

In regard to myself and certain others having placed ourselves "in a position of rebellion and hostility to the general government of the United States/'

I am perfectly aware that we understand our true and most loyal position far better than our enemies can inform us.

We, of all people, are endeavoring to preserve and perpetuate the genius of the Constitution and constitutional laws, while the administration and the troops they have ordered to Utah are, in fact, themselves the rebels, and in hostility to the general government;

and if George Washington was now living, and at the helm of our government, he would hang the administration as high as he did Andre, and that, too, with a far better grace and to a much greater subserving of the best interests of our country.

"You write, 'It becomes you to look to the consequences, for you must be aware that so unequal a contest can never be successfully sustained by the people you govern.'We have counted the cost it may be to us; we look for the United

States to endeavor to swallow us up, and we are prepared for the contest, if they wish to forego the Constitution in their insane efforts to crush out all human rights.

But the cost of so suicidal a course to our enemies we have not wasted our time considering, rightly deeming it more particularly their business to figure out and arrive at the amount of so immense a sum.

It is now the kingdom of God and the kingdom of the devil!

If God is for us we will prosper; but if He is for you and against us you will prosper, and we will say amen let the Lord be God, and Him alone we will serve.

"As to your obeying 'orders,'my official counsel to you would be for you to stop and reflect until you know wherein are the just and right, and then, David Crockett like, go ahead.

But if you undertake to come in here and build forts, rest assured that you will be opposed, and that you will need all the force now under your command, and much more.

And,

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

in regard to your warning, I have to inform you that my head has been sought during many years past, not for any crime on my part, nor forso much as even the wish to commit a crime, but solely for my religious belief, and that, too, in a land of professed constitutional religious liberty.

"Inasmuch as you consider your force amply sufficient to enable you to come to this city, why have you so unwisely dallied so long on Ham's Fork at this late season of the year?

"Carrying out the views of the government, as those views are now developing themselves, can but result in the utter overthrow of that Union which we, in common with all American patriots, have striven to sustain; and as to our failure in our present efforts to uphold rights justly guaranteed to all citizens of the United States, that can be better told hereafter.

"I presume that the e spirit'and tenor of my reply to your letter will be unsatisfactory to you, for doubtless you are not aware of the nature and object of the service in which you are now engaged.

For your better information, permit me to inform you that we have a number of times been compelled to receive and submit to the most fiendish proposals, made to us by armies virtually belonging to the United States, our only alternative being to comply therewith.

At the last treaty forced upon us by our enemies, in which we were required to leave the United States, and with which we, as hitherto, complied, two United States senators were present, and pledged themselves, so far as their influence might reach, that we should be no more pursued by her citizens.

That pledge has been broken by our enemies, as they have ever done when this people were a party, and we have thus always proven that it is vain for us to seek or expect protection from the officials or the administrators of our government.

It is obvious that war upon the Saints is all the time determined, and now we, for the first time, possess the power to have a voice in the treatment that we will receive, and we intend to use that power, so far as the Constitution and justice may warrant, which is all we ask for.

True, in struggling to sustain the Constitution and constitutional rights belonging to every citizen of our republic, we have no arm nor power to trust in but that of Jehovah and the strength and ability that He gives us.

"By virtue of my office as governor of the Territory of Utah, I command you to marshal your troops and leave this Territory, for it can be of no possible benefit to you to wickedly waste treasures and blood in prosecuting your course upon the side of a rebellion against the general government by its administrators.

You have had and still have plenty of time to retire within reach of supplies at the east, or to go to Fort Hall.

Should you conclude to comply with so just a command and need any assistance to go east, such assistance will be promptly and cheerfully extended.

We do not wish to destroy the life of any human being, but, on the contrary, we ardently desire to preserve the lives and liberty of all, so far as it may be in our power.

Neither do we wish for the property of the United States, notwithstanding they justly owe us millions.

"Colonel, should you, or any of the officers with you, wish to visit this city unaccompanied by troops, as did Captain

Van Vliet, with a view to personally learn the condition and feelings of this people, you are at liberty to do so, under my cheerfully proffered assurance that you will be safely escorted from our outposts to this city and back, and that during your stay in our midst you will receive all that courtesy and attention your rank demands.

Doubtless you have supposed that many of the people here would flee to you for protection upon your arrival, and if there are any such persons they shall be at once conveyed to your camp in perfect safety, so soon as such fact can be known.

Were you and your fellow officers as well acquainted with your soldiers as I am with mine, and did they understand the work they are now engaged in as well as you may understand it, you must know that many of them would immediately

PARENTAL DUTY.

revolt from all connexion with so ungodly, illegal, unconstitutional and hellish a crusade against an innocent people, and if their blood is shed it shall rest upon the heads of their commanders.

With us it is the kingdom of God or nothing.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant, Brigham Yoioig, Governor and Superintendent of Indian Affairs, U. T.

Vaux'% PARENTAL DUTY.

The unrequitable debt of gratitude which all children owe to their parents, and the obligation of obedience which springs as the natural result, are subjects so frequently discussed, and truisms so universally acknowledged, as to render present treatment superfluous.

It is the aim of this writing to reverse the usual form of the text, and dwell briefly upon some of the duties incumbent upon parents:

a theme which, if less frequently employed than the other, will be found no less prolific as a source of argument and reflection.

Some parents seem to imagine that they fulfil every requirement of their office by simply bringing children into the world, and by deeds, if not words, assert entire exemption from responsibility for their support, education and subsequent line of conduct.

Now the Bible emphatically declares that such people are worse than the heathen, and the book of nature as plainly testifies that in this respect they are even inferior to the brute creation.

Throughout the vast domain of animal life, the tender love and provident care of offspring is one of the noblest and most eminent characteristics and all persons who manifest unbelief in or indifference to that beautiful and universal truth simply lower themselves just so far below the level of the brute.

It is a duty which devolves upon all parents to impart unto their posterity of the favors and blessings which heaven has bestowed upon them, and likewise to avert in their behalf, as far as possible, the impending "ills that flesh is heir to."

From those who have much received, much will naturally be required; while from those who possess but little, but little can reasonably be expected.

Nor does this requisition apply merely to temporal affairs.

The rule holds with respect to all things, whether mental, moral, temporal or spiritual.

Those who are endowed with sufficient intelligence to discern the difference between good and evil, and neglect to teach their children that important distinction;

those who have been made the recipients of the holy laws of heaven, and fail to impress, both by precept and example, their importance upon the minds of their young, are just as culpable (if not more so) in the sight of heaven, as those who possess the adequate means of supplying their families with food, clothing and other temporal necessities, and refuse to employ it for such purposes.

For every vicious precept and wicked practice which parents set before their children, and every righteous principle which, being able, they neglect to instill into their youthful aud receptive minds, they must render up a strict account at the judgment seat of Jehovah.

Let them take heed, therefore, that they injure not, either temporally or spiritually, one of Christ's "little ones,"for it were better indeed that a millstone be hanged about their necks and they be cast into the depths of the sea.

Temporal food and apparel are necessary to life in this probation, but spiritual food and raiment are indispensable both here and hereafter.

The former can but comfort the mortal body on earth, while the latter—the "bread of life"and the shining "robe of righteousness "—administer to the immortal soul throughout the endless ages of eternity.

In the light of these facts, and the weight of responsibility that rests upon parents, the necessity of obedience in their offspring is a thing to be readily perceived.

Still there is another extreme

PARENTAL DUTY.

to be avoided, in this connection, and that is the confounding of parental authority with parental despotism.

The tyranny of the parent is as much to be deprecated as the disobedience of the child.

Many fathers and mothers, taking advantage of the position in which nature has placed them, and utterly forgetful of two important truths which all parents should remember, assume the most autocratic powers over their progeny, and seek the sway of unjust and cruel dominion, not only over their outward actions, but as far as lies in their power over their inmost thoughts. "Have

I not the right to do as I please with my own child?"is the supposed invulnerable argument with which they oppose every suggestion which has the temerity to question the wisdom or rightfulness of their policy.

"Do as I please with my own child."Do the authors of such sentiments ever reflect upon the fact that it is Almighty God, the Maker of heaven and earth, who is the real Father of the immortal spirits whom they are privileged to call their "own children"on earth;

that it it is only by permission that they here sustain the parental relation to His begotten offspring;

that they themselves, as well as their issue, are His children, and as such are accountable to Him for all their acts, whether of tyranny or of tolerance, of obedience or rebellion?

And do they realize another material fact, that all earth's inhabitants are here in a state of probation, clothed in mortality and invested with free moral agency for the purpose of proving their worth and integrity, that through fidelity and obedience to their Creator, they may finally be exalted and eternally glorified?

The personal accountability and free moral agency of man are the important truths which all parents should bear in mind.

The spirits whom they call their children are in reality their brothers and sisters;

offspring of the same celestial parentage;

exiles from the same eternal home; working out the same salvation for their souls, and possessed of the same God- granted privilege of acting for themselves, as those who seek to curtail that privilege by the unrighteous dominion they so often presume to exercise.

When will man learn the lesson that each soul is held responsible for its individual acts, and that to coerce or restrain the human will in the legitimate exercise of its agency—the original author of which idea was Lucifer—is and must ever be contrary to the mind and will of

God?

Liberty of conscience is absolutely necessary, that the Lord's plan may be consummated, and men and women be consistently judged for the deeds done in the body, and rewarded or punished accordingly.

To forcibly control the human mind is impossible, it cannot be compelled to believe or disbelieve any doctrine, however wise or however absurd; while to force or confine the body, except where extreme youth, immature judgment, insane rage or blind stupidity, renders such an act expedient and justifiable, is criminal and cruel in the extreme.

The Almighty gives every soul the privilege of choosing between good and evil, and though He will prevent all interference with His righteous purposes, He can do so without depriving man of his inherent right of attempting to do whatsoever he desires.

Society may in a similar manner secure itself against criminals, and the head of the household may consistently adopt such measures to insure the safety and welfare of his youthful and irresponsible offspring; but society has no right to fetter human thought, to inflict unwarrantable punishment, or unjustly deprive man of his liberty; nor have parents the right to compel their offspring, of accountable age and responsible intellect, into compliance with a command against which conscience rebels, or to hinder the harmless execution of what is considered the dictation of duty.

An intelligent, responsible being, be it man, woman or child, in the peaceable, harmless exercise of its personal agency, has the heaven-born right to be let alone to pursue any purpose or exercise any privilege which the eternal Parent of all parents has placed at its disposal.

In the beginning, when Lucifer rebelled against God, and drew a third of the hosts of heaven after him to destruction,

CHARACTER OF WASHINGTON, \o\ why did not the Eternal Father stretch forth his puissant arm to prevent millions of his offspring from becoming the children of perdition?

Because it was, and is, and ever will be an unchangeable law, that every created intelligence is entitled to its free moral agency, with the untrammeled exercise of which even the Progenitor of all living does not deem it His privilege to interfere.

He could put forth His hand and did, to frustrate the design of the would-be usurper of His kingdom, but He did not destroy Lucifer's agency by so doing, nor of any of the doomed myriads who chose to follow him in his downward path to damnation.

Christ, who was also an actor in that ineffable drama, likewise stood upon His own accountability, but determined to remain steadfast, and fight at the right hand of His Father against the embattled hosts of darkness.

Lucifer had undoubtedly received the same wise, kind, fatherly counsels as had Christ, and possessed similar advantages and opportunities for learning and doing the will of the Father;

but each also had liberty of conscience, freedom of self-action, and could exercise it even as he desired.

Christ resolved to be true, Lucifer decided to rebel.

The heavens rejoiced over the faithfulness of the one, and wept over the fall of the other, but not one finger could consistently be raised to coerce or restrain either soul in the exercise of its inalienable right of election.

This is God's way of dealing with His children, and whatsoever is more or less than this, cometh of evil.

Especially is this the case where a direct commandment from God is concerned.

What right have parents to compel their children to disobey a command of the Almighty, or to hinder them from submitting to His eternal laws?

When the edict goes forth from the Oracles on high, that all mankind must repent and be baptized for the remission of their sins, and gather to the land of Zion to escape the wrath of heaven, who is it that will assume the responsibility of unheeding that requirement or hinder others from yielding obedience thereto!

Whenever the Omnipotent Law-maker enacts any measure, or issues any decree, the inhabitants of this little earth may rest satisfied that He has an object in view, whose fulfilment is "a foregone conclusion,"and woe betide that luckless being who tampers with His holy laws or attempts by his puny efforts to defeat His incontrovertible designs.

Parents, governors and guardians!

Rulers of the domestic circle or the social commonwealth You have not the right, though you have the privilege, of preventing your fellowcreatures, so far as His purposes will permit, from rendering obedience to the behests of Deity; but if you exercise that privilege, you must abide the consequences, for rest assured that the God of Justice will exonerate the innocent, and place the terrible responsibility where it rightfully belongs.

O. F.

Whitney.

Men mark the hits, but not the misses.

-Bacon.

CHARACTER OF WASHINGTON.

I think I knew General Washington intimately and thoroughly, and were I called on to delineate his character, it should be in terms like these:

His mind was great and powerful, without being of the very first order, his penetration strong, though not so acute as that of a Newton, Bacon or Locke;

as far as he saw, no judgment was ever sounder.

It was slow in operation, being little aided by invention or imagination, but sure in conclusion.

Hence the common remark of his officers, of the advantage he derived from councils of war, where hearing all suggestions, he selected whatever was best;

and certainly no general ever planned his battles more judiciously.

But if deranged during the course of the action, if any member of his plan was dislocated by sudden

;o2 CHARACTER OF WASHINGTON.

circumstances, he was slow in re-adjustment.

The consequence was that he often failed in the field, and rarely against an enemy in station, as at Boston and New York.

He was incapable of fear, meeting personal dangers with the calmest unconcern.

Perhaps the strongest feature in his character was prudence, never acting until every circumstance, every consideration, was maturely weighed;

refraining if he saw a doubt, but, when once decided, going through with his purpose, whatever obstacles opposed.

His integrity was most pure, his justice the most inflexible I have ever known, no motives of interest or consanguinity, of friendship or hatred, being able to bias his decision.

He was, indeed, in every sense of the words, a wise, a good, and a great man.

His temper was naturally irritable and high-toned;

but reflection and resolution had obtained a firm and habitual ascendency over it.

If ever, however, it broke its bounds, he was most tremendous in his wrath.

In his expenses he was honorable, but exact;

liberal in contribution to whatever promised utility, but frowning and unyielding on all visionary projects, and all unworthy calls on his charity.

His heart was not warm in its affections, but he exactly calculated every man's value, and gave him a solid esteem proportioned to it.

His person, you know, was fine, his stature exactly what one could wish, his deportment easy, erect and noble;

the best horseman of his age, and the most graceful figure that could be seen on horseback.

Although in the circle of his friends, where he might be unreserved with safety, he took a free share in conversation, his colloquial talents were not above mediocrity, possessing neither copiousness of ideas, nor fluency of words.

In public, when called on for a sudden opinion, he was unready, short and embarrassed.

Yet he wrote readily, rather diffusely, in an easy and correct style.

This he had acquired by conversation with the world, for his education was merely reading, writing and common arithmetic, to which he added surveying at a later day.

His time was employed in action chiefly, reading little, and that only in agriculture and English history.

His correspondence became necessarily extensive, and, with journalizing his agricultural proceedings, occupied most of his leisure hours within doors.

On the whole, his character was, in its mass, perfect, in nothing bad, in few points indifferent;

and it may truly be said, that never did nature and fortune combine more perfectly to make a man great, and to place him in the same constellation with whatever worthies have merited from man an everlasting remembrance.

For his was the singular destiny and merit, of leading the armies of his country successfully through an arduous war for the establishment of its independence of conducting its councils through the birth of a government, new in its forms and principles, until it had settled down into a quiet and orderly train; and of scrupulously obeying the laws through the whole of his career, civil and military, of which the history of the world furnishes no other example.

These are my opinions of General Washington, which I would vouch at the judgment seat of God, having been formed on an acquaintance of thirty years.

I served with him in the Virginia Legislature from 1769 to the Revolutionary war, and again, a short time in Congress, until he left us to take command of the army.

During the war and after it we corresponded occasionally, and in the four years of my continuance in the office of Secretary of

State, our intercourse was daily, confidential and cordial.

After I retired from that office, great and malignant pains were taken by our federal monarchists, and not entirely without effect, to make him view me as a theorist, holding French principles of government, which would lead infallibly to licentiousness and anarchy.

And to this he listened the more easily, from my known disapprobation of the British treaty.

I never saw him afterwards, or these malignant insinuations should have been dissipated before his just judgment, as mists before the sun.

I felt on his death, with my countrymen, that ''verily a great man hath fallen this day in Israel."Thomas Jefferson*

AGENCY OF MAN.

AGENCY OF MAN For ages there has been a controversy, running to extremes each way, in regard to the question of man's agency upon the earth.

Predestination had its school and teachers, whose theory in a religious phase was equivalent to the assumption that, prior to his earthly advent, everything in connection with a man's life beyond this probation was irrevocably fixed.

Election and reprobation were the corner stones of the gloomy fabric, and scripture was warped and perverted, to establish them upon divine decree, and that, growing out of such sovereignty as may be implied in the isolation of such scripture passages as that of Romans ix:

13, 11, 16, where it says:

"Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated,""For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand;""So then, it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy."The other extreme of theory has been that all a man's future depended upon his own volition, upon his acceptance of certain dogmas, the practice of certain rites, and assent to or belief in some prescribed person, book, church or faith, basing this conclusion also upon such scriptures as appears to favor this idea.

The words of Jesus to his nation are very often emphasized:

"Ye will not come unto me that ye might have life,"overlooking the fact that this expression, even if correctly transmitted, is susceptible of more than one interpretation.

It might have been uttered in the spirit of prophecy, as an affirmation of a future fact; Or it might have been said by way of brotherly reproach, in the spirit of unfeigned regret, that such a disposition was manifest among those to whom he considered himself especially sent.

Between these extremes of self-will or inherent power, and absolute predestination, there has existed every shade of thought and fancy, so as to leave no interstice unoccupied between the two.

The mental crudities of both priest and layman have aided in fostering controversial rivalry, the outcome of which was anathema, hatred, persecution and death.

Whole libraries have been created to "darken counsel by words without knowledge;"and even into the songs of the churches there has crept bitterness and irritation, until the only cosmopolitan solution was crystalized into compromise by singing, "'Tis all freegrace, and all free-will;"this, too, in somewhat of the spirit of the showman, who thought it of so little importance that he answered the inquiry, "Which is the lion and which is the dog?""You pays your money and takes your choice."

The importance of a good understanding in regard to this question is no less interesting to man now than it was in Egypt, or India, or Palestine, in the dawn or meridian of human history; and speculation is to-day as common as individuality, and necessarily so because upon this pivot moves all theory and fact in regard to personal responsibility, and any or every system of rewards and punishments.

Agency implies the power of choice in an absolute sense;

but to make agency worth all it might be worth, implies also the possession of or power to create every condition requisite to make that agency operative and a full and tangible success.

It would appear, the more we look at it, as if agency was not quite as full and rounded as we have sometimes thought; and there are many keys needed, and much revelation, in order that it may be known where agency is curbed and the reasons for that restraint, and thus the conclusion is easily reached that personal or individual agency is but a very limited thing after all.

Now as to the material aspect of man, what agency had he in determining the stature to which he attains, the color of his hair, his eyes, his figure as to beauty or deformity, the constitution, health and powers, mental^ spiritual or social, which he exhibits?

What, in a crowded community, is an agency worth

3°4 AGENCY OF MAN.

which does not determine the parentage, the home, the profession, the trade, or occupation which a person follows? and where there exists a color of choice, what conception does the chooser have of the special and inevitable temptations which such choice brings with it?

And if the theory as to the primitive purity of personal spirit is admitted, what choice does that spirit possess?

how much agency does it exercise in regard to the dwelling, the tabernacle which it shall inhabit?

Is it a matter of no moment as to the nation to which spirits shall finally come?

What agency determines whether a man or woman shall have parentage in China, or Africa, or India or Europe?

Determine the power of choice in regard to the color and nation, then where does agency make itself felt in the selection of associations and home, whether that shall be among the cultivated and refined, or among the rude and poverty-stricken of our race?

Do spirits, who are sensitive to impurity, voluntarily seek and acquire tabernacle in the haunts of sensuality?

Is a drunkard's home the deliberate choice of any spiritual intelligence, or is there so much anxiety to dwell in a probation of flesh that tabernacles, irregularly begotten, are appropriated as a matter of preference by any?

But the unfavorable surrounding and conditions are predominant, and queries might be propounded till "the crack of doom,"and solution by human wisdom would be as distant then as now.

Then again, is not the universal dissatisfaction with conditions, with opportunities, an invective to increase the activity of this so-called agency? Yet after all, are not the disappointed hopes, frustrated designs, overthrown schemes, and abortive plans of a life, continuous evidence of the importance of will; the lack of power, the really best evidence or testimony that agency is limited by such forces as man can neither control nor overcome?

And yet illustrations might be multiplied, where obstacles appear to have been surmounted which might have been considered impossible; where the battle has been fought and won apparently against fearful odds;

yet when analyzed, these very actors and examples of the asserted power of agency have been unconscious of any very special effort.

In the domain of morals, it is said that man can "choose or refuse,""accept or reject,"but this truth is only a partial one, and needs to be interpreted by the light of experience, the evidence of facts, and the assertions of general revelation, rather than by desire, by selfimportance, by tradition, or by any isolated evidence, whatever its character, or its presumed or accepted authority.

In the midst of human error and human failures, with all the mistakes of ignorance and'the assumptions of knowledge, weakness and inability is the confession of humanity, and Shakspeare's dictum is ever conclusive:

"There is a divinity doth shape our ends, rough, hew them as we will."Submission to the inevitable is wisdom; struggle against the undesirable, and the evil is not only philosophical but desirable and absolutely expected, and work is the destiny of the race.

Progress is the law of being, but no puffed-up theory of self-importance can produce the fruit before the flower.

Agency will be; to-day its feeble voice is but as the wailing of an infant;

and as that is silenced in uncounted graves, so is "infirmity of purpose"and desire to live often seen or extinguished, when the blessing seems most desirable and probably could be most enjoyed.

That there are reasons in the Divine economy for the diversities of human existence might be easily concluded from reflection; pre-existence evidently would imply agency as much as present existence; and that condition of man in the life yet future is everywhere assumed to be the natural outgrowth of the present;

but few reach, so readily, the idea that this probation was at all determined by the agency of intelligent personality acting in the past.

Consequently existence itself is a continuous penalty and a continuous reward;

in the great harvest fields of being, men everywhere reap as they may sow; and in the broad, the living and far-reaching thought of respon-

AGENCY OF MAN.

sibility, "the Judge of all the earth"will ever exemplify in his decisions, conclusions which will be as transparent to the individual interested as they are to Him.

In the awarding of all praise, as in the bestowal of all censure, the most conclusive response will come from those who may receive either or both; they will sanction and approve the verdict, and in themselves will be both prisoner at the bar, and jury, and judge; hence there can be no universal or written standard of judgment.

As there is no unified or standard man, each will find in himself or herself, in their individually inherited organization, the final touchstone of right and wrong, not absolute right or absolute evil may be, but that comparative right and wrong, which belongs to the moral sense of each, where penalty is predicated upon the best possible using of all personal and individual powers.

So that Justice will not look for the same comparative perfection, moral, mental, spiritual or religious, in one, that it would expect in another.

The one who has inherited tastes, passions, weaknesses and evils, will not be called upon to pay the same penalty as another who has done violence to his instincts, to his sense of right, to his knowledge and understanding, and who in fostering and yielding to evil has made himself a fit subject for all the penalties which follow deliberate transgression.

Thus there will be more leniency to the child of a drunkard, "who was begotten in sin and shaped in iniquity,"than to the one who with instincts of sobriety surrendered himself gradually, even if it may be, to a cultivated taste for liquor and finally fills a drunkard's grave.

Of such it may truly be said, "No drunkard shall inherit the kingdom of heaven!"So with one, who in lustful sensuality debases himself, yielding to—nay, creating within himself those fires which are of hell.

Is he not less entitled to mercy than one born with almost uncontrollable desires, desires which carry him captive, and against which he manfully struggles, yet in unsuccessful battling falls on the field of life?

To be born of ignorant parentage can be no crime;

and to realize that ignorance, with patient and steady persistence to search for knowledge, to add "line upon line"and gather "precept upon precept,"by the use of faculty and half creation of opportunity, is surely more worthy of reward, than is the increase of understanding where there is every facility and all the resources which position and taste, acquired or inherited taste, may give.

What, then, may be concluded?

Simply, that agency is limited by ten thousand circumstances;

it is circumscribed by the possession or rather lack of nonexercise of faculty and surroundings, but that it is an increasing, a progressive characteristic of man.

It can be enlarged, informed, purified, being progressive and eternal.

Much of its past was controlled by ignorance and the exhibition of simple inexperience;

that* some of its features grow from the spirit, while others come from the defects of tabernacle;

that because of these defects, many are misjudged and misunderstood; that men's estimate of themselves is not unfrequently erroneous;

that the opinions and conclusions of associates and friends are not always correct;

that they do not always discriminate between weakness and deliberate unrighteousness; and that many a verdict given on earth will be set aside in the great hereafter, while many a crime condoned on earth may call for the payment of "the uttermost farthing;"that many an unhonored and apparently dishonored "man among men"will spring to honor in the life to come, while others, who have been fair among their fellows, will in that to them dread future be known only as hypocrites and deceivers, as "whited sepulchres,"fair without, yet within but "full of rottenness and dead men's bones."It will be known—mark it!—that man judgeth at times by "the hearing of the ear and the seeing of the eye, but God judgeth only of the heart!"

Shall these thoughts, then, reconcile us to moral and spiritual delinquency?

Nay, verily!

In view of an assured responsibility and ultimate judgment and account, each intelligent being should feel under sacred obligation to put

}o6 MODERN CHRISTIANITY.

"every talent out to usury,"to curb and restrain every tendency to evil, to create and seek for opportunities of culture, overcoming by faith and patience, by conferred authority of the Priesthood, by comprehension of primary, then of advanced truths; by the aid of that allpowerful spirit, which is the special heritage of the Saints, to make this probation the key and stepping-stone to a higher and loftier life, where less trammelled, agency may exert itself with increased and ever-increasing force, until every thought and aspiration and act shall testify that from the lower vallies of undeveloped and uncontrolled humanity, by the power of God and the impulse of His

Spirit, the number of devoted and sanctified intelligencies shall increase, and the order of the Gods be continued from eternity to eternity;

controlled by that agency, now so feeble, then so grand and magnificent, for God shall be all in all H. W. Naisbitt.

MODERN CHRISTIANITY.

There is a vast difference in the Christianity of to-day and the Gospel of the kingdom as taught by the Savior and the Apostles.

One is a mixture of truth and error, the other is the truth as revealed from heaven, where it originated.

The man-made system is imperfect, as intimated by a noted writer: "It withdraws attention from the natural affairs of this life, concentrates all its earnest thought on a future life that is said to be eternal bliss or eternal misery, makes a merit of neglect of this world's riches in order to lay up treasures in heaven, frowns on active enterprise as a dangerous devotion to carnal things, etc."The

Gospel produces different results;

it recognizes the necessity of the present order of affairs and increases the power of enjoyment by attention to the duties, surroundings and labors of life;

it encourages improvement in everything of use to mankind;

it embraces the true science of the universe, of the arts, and of culture it teaches that the knowledge which we gain in this life will rise with us in the resurrection;

the good, the beautiful and the true of this life are appreciated by their recipients and employed in the formation of character for their future abode.

While the Gospel therefore teaches the importance of carnal things, it does not recognize the necessity of worshiping them.

The following is charged against modern Christianity:

"It stands stubbornly in the path of all human progress, blocking the way of every movement which aims at the enlargement of human life."While this statement may be true concerning what is called Christianity, it is not so of the Gospel of the kingdom.

The latter aids all progression, by the guidance of inspiration, and leads in improvements which aim at the enlargement of human life, of the liberty of all human beings.

Man-made theology would bind thought with shackles, it would block the road of freedom, and place, as it were, those not its devotees in chains.

The Gospel is a perfect law of liberty to all creatures under heaven who will accept it.

While the Christianity of the world at the present time is the product of humanity, the Gospel had its origin in heaven, and no man has authority to administer its ordinances, except he holds the priesthood and is in possession of the Holy Ghost.

It is a perfect system—there is order and method in it.

Of modern Christianity these things cannot be said.

A person may of his own accord teach for hire and divine for money, in fact, make merchandise of the souls of men, the most successful caterer to the people's desires being the most liberally paid and the most popular.

The Gospel is delivered without price, free to all;

its teachers meet with the frowns and hatred of the world, their names are cast out as evil, they are persecuted in various ways.

Jesus taught that such would be the case, and the

LAND OF THE NILE.

fact that such is the case is a proof to many of the divinity of Christ's mission.

The Gospel teaches that people will be rewarded or punished according to their works in the body;

it opens the doors of salvation to the spirits in prison, while modern Christianity consigns all to hell who do not believe.

The Gospel teaches love, charity, faith and long-suffering toward those who may be in error;

modern Christianity envies those who may have received further knowledge of

God's mercies, persecutes the believers of advanced truth, and calls for the strong arm of government to crush what cannot be confuted by the Bible or by reason.

If the government cannot be influential to that end, mobocratic violence is often resorted to, as well as the meaner weapons of vituperation and slander.

The recipients of the Gospel, on the other hand, are willing to leave their homes and friends, and bear all the abuse heaped upon them, in order to do good to those who hate them, by taking to them the glad tidings of joy.

Such are some of the differences between the everlasting Gospel and modern Christianity.

While great charity is exercised in the Gospel, duty is not neglected, evil-doing is not left uncensured, but everything is encouraged which makes better and nobler the human family, and raises them in the scale of being.

Its influence is such that in the course of time the world will be affected thereby.

Its nature is such that its light cannot be hid.

The rays will spread farther and farther as time rolls on.

They will draw the attention of the noble men of the earth.

Error may stand in the way for a time, its efforts will end in failure.

Many attacks are being made upon the man-made systems; they are receiving severe blows.

The same arguments used against the Gospel of the kingdom will not stand, for "Truth is mighty and will prevail."

John E.

Carlisle.

LAND OF THE NILE.

Egypt is a very interesting country, both in its past and in its present.

It is august and venerable in its historic memories.

It is the relic of one of those mighty empires which ruled the ancient;

world.

The grandeur of the Ptolemies, the victories of the Rameses, the luxurious splendor of the days of Cleopatra, the greatness of its once flourishing art and literature, are among the most imposing romances of human annals.

Egypt once coped with Imperial Rome in the heyday of its power.

It once produced warriors, scholars, statesmen, artists, men of science, who stood eminent among the great men of the earth.

Philosophers and students have not yet ceased mourning the loss of that famous library at Alexandria, whose shelves were piled high with the costly lore of remote ages.

In Biblical history, too, Egypt was the scene of many of the most important events of the Old Testament.

Were it only for the story of Joseph, and that of the flight of the parents of Christ, Egypt would always be a sacred spot in the memory of Christians.

In its present condition, Egypt is interesting in many ways.

Its noble monuments of ancient grandeur, its Sphinx and pyramids, its ruins of Memphis, its towers, hieroglyphics and obelisks, are gazed at by modern eyes in wonder, and puzzle even modern men of science in the mystery of their construction and the vastness of their scale.

The Nile, with its picturesque Delta, its rainless borders, its annual overflow, its broad, steady sweep from the strange regions of the "dark continent,"its tropical vegetation, is a rare curiosity among even historic streams.

Just now, too, Egypt derives an added interest as the centre of serious and alarming events.

The decay of this wonderful ancient land has been in proportion to its former greatness.

Long since, it became a province of the Turkish crown.

Latterly, it has had a sort of independence of its own, and has been ruled by native princes.

3o8 LAND OF THE NILE.

But its goverment is wretched.

It has long been a prey to ignorance, corruption, political intrigue,, extravagance, sloth, tyranny and slavery.

It has been subject to revolutions prompted by selfish ambitions.

Its condition is degraded and hopeless almost beyond description.

These disturbances in Egypt bring into conspicuous view the peculiar relations between the Sultan of Turkey and the Egyptian Khedive.

For many centuries.

Egypt was a subject province of Turkey.

It was ruled over by governors appointed by the Sultan.

In 1811, however, Mehemet Ali, who was at that time Governor, rose in revolt against the Sultan's authority, and made himself master of Egypt.

Mehemet was thus the founder of the dynasty which now reigns at Cairo.

The present Khedive, Tewfik Pasha, is

Mehemet's great-grandson.

In 1841, the Sultan recognized this new dynasty, and decreed that the Egyptian throne should descend in Mehemet's family, according to the law of hereditary succession in Turkey.

Still, Egypt did not become wholly independent of the Sultan's rule.

It continued to be subject to him, in so far as foreign affairs and the army were concerned.

The "Viceroy of Egypt,"as he was then called, could not send envoys to foreign courts, but was represented at them by the Turkish envoys.

Nor could the Viceroy maintain a native army or navy of his own.

Egypt was garrisoned and protected by Turkish troops.

Egypt, moreover, was obliged to pay a large annual tribute to the Sultan.

Later on, larger liberties were conceded to Egypt by its Turkish Suzerain.

In 1866 the title of the Egyptian ruler was, by a firman of the Sultan, changed from "Viceroy"(which meant simply the Sultan's representative in Egypt), to *'Khedive-el-Misr,"usually called "Khedive,"which, in the Arabic tongue, means "King."At the same time, Egypt was granted the right to send envoys abroad, and to maintain a native army and navy.

But the Sultan still remained Suzerain, or Imperial ruler, of Egypt;

and an annual tribute of nearly two million dollars, was paid, and still continues to be paid, into the Sultan's treasury.

This is practically the relation which exists to-day between the Sultan and the Khedive.

The Sultan still exercises a kind of exterior control over Egypt; and claims the right to enter Egypt and quell revolt, and to depose or sustain the reigning Khedive.

Meanwhile, the interests of the European powers—notably of England and France—have had a singular and complex influence on the destinies of Egypt;

and these two powers, by a system called "Control,"have been practically governing Egypt, over the Khedive's head, for the past four or five years.

England insists on controlling Egyptian policy, by reason of the facts that she holds a predominant financial interest in the great Suez Canal;

that the canal is the nearest military way between

Europe and the British Empire of India; and that eighty per cent, of the mercantile tonnage which passes annually through the canal goes under the British flag.

Besides, Englishmen hold a large quantity of the Egyptian bonded debt, and wish to protect the payment of its interest by managing Egypt's financial affairs.

The interest of France in sharing the English control in Egypt is two-fold.

France, too, holds a large portion of the

Egyptian bonds.

Besides this, France has recently undertaken to annex Tunis, a neighbor of Egypt, and a Mohammedan State; and is anxious to limit as far as possible, the Sultan's influence in North Africa.

Both England and France have appealed to the Sultan to use his authority to put down Arabi Bey's revolt, and have thus acknowledged the Sultan's right to interfere in Egypt.

They both also wish to sustain Tewfik on the Egyptian throne, for he has proved a willing instrument in their hands, allowing their commissioners to practically rule the country.

In regard to the attempt of Arabi Pasha to dethrone the Khedive and establish a rule which shall resent this foreign interference, the latest reports from the scene of the difficulties indicate how his ambition will terminate.

While there could be little choice between Tewfik,

SOCIAL EVILS.

who is, like the most of his predecessors, weak, indolent, self-indulgent and extravagant, and Arabi as each is as bad as the other, and either would rule badly enough at best, it is the will of the European powers that the former shall occupy the throne, and their will, as in the past, so in the future, is bound to control the affairs of Egypt, however much the natives may dislike it.

The bombardment and almost entire destruction of Alexandria has had the effect of awakening the Sultan to the necessity of doing something to sustain his nominal, if not real, authority and power, in his turbulent, tributary kingdom, and preparations are making to overrun Egypt with a Turkish army.

This apparently is the only course that can be pursued to prevent a collision between the European powers, whose armies are already mustering there.

And should the effort of the Sultan to quell the disturbances, put down Arabi Pasha and firmly secure the Khedive upon the throne, prove ineffectual, it is but fair to apprehend a serious struggle involving the leading military nations.

This condition of things, indeed, is full of peril to the peace of Europe.

England and France, while just now acting together, are jealous of each other's influence in Egypt.

The other powers look with distrust upon the combined fleets in the Mediterranean, and with increasing concern as transports are fitted out conveying soldiers for land service.

What the end of the trouble will be,, none can foresee;

but it is clear that, sooner or later, Egypt must come under the control of the great military powers of Europe.

If this can be brought about by securing a native or Turkish Khedive on the throne, whom all the powers will unite in upholding, a general contiict may be averted, if not, we may look for a bloody war between the powers to determine which shall hold the supremacy in the ancient land of the Ptolemies.

S. B. E.

O blessed Lord! how much I need Thy light to guide me on my way.

—Longfellow* SOCIAL EVILS.

Wise and good men have but to call to mind the many evils that are caused by intemperance, and they will array themselves in opposition to it; using every means in their power to ensure its suppression.

Their enterprise is a noble one, worthy of them, deserving all praise.

The "Demon Drink"ranks among the worst evils that besets humanity:

producing poverty, shame, idleness, misery and death;

destroys the hopes of youth, the vigor of manhood, and robs old age of the respect which is its due.

It blights the hopes of parents, bringing their grey hairs in sorrow to the grave.

The loving wife, who so trusted the promise of him who most solemnly vowed before the altar to provide for and protect her—is neglected, abused, heart-broken, and often laid in a premature grave;

her children left to the care of others, and all because the husband became addicted to the use of alcohol.

No wonder then we find noble-hearted, intelligent men using their influence against the cause of so much misery among their fellow-men

Intemperance, however, is but one evil among the many that curse mankind „

There are others that are as productive of sorrow as this; breaks as many hearts, blasts as many hopes, produces as much distrust, and is as fruitful a cause of mischief generally;

reference is made in particular, to that great moral curse of the world, known as the "social evil."

It has pleased the Almighty God to transmit to his children his own passions and characteristics. Among others is the passion of love.

This is the noblest attribute mankind, or even Deity possesses.

And that love that exists between man and woman, to which we wish especially to call attention, is, if pure, and consummated in righteousness, calculated to yield a

3io SOCIAL EVILS.

bountiful harvest of joy:

the greatest happiness that can be experienced by mortals in this world, or by the immortal in the great eternity before us.

When the Gods prepared this earth for the abode of man, they gave power unto every tree, shrub, and plant to reproduce its kind.

The same power was given to the beasts of the field, the birds of the air, and the fishes of the sea.

Every thing wherein is life, seems to possess this power; and when God placed man and woman on the earth, he blessed them, saying: "Be fruitful, multiply and replenish the earth, and subdue it."In order that the work of God might be perpetuated the love, of which we have spoken, was implanted in the human heart, and, if not perverted, will produce joy not sorrow, wealth not poverty, health not sickness, life not death, honor not disgrace, innocence not corruption, soften affliction not increase it.

It will make the trials of life easy to be borne, strengthen the weak hearted, cause those nearly discouraged to try again, stimulate every faculty of the mind, make the world appear brighter, strew the path of life with flowers, and remove the thorns.

It will subdue the baser passions, make the rough gentle, and all more noble:

cause us to love virtue, respect chastity, honor purity, and reverence all that is pure, bright and lovely.

It will cause us to avoid impurity, scorn deceit, condemn corruption, curse vice, and hate crime in all its sickening, hideous and disgusting forms:

will make home the dearest place on earth, and the family circle man's heaven here below,—it will do all this and more—it will sanctify the soul;

remove us from the power of Satan, and draw us nearer to GodBut let it once be perverted, or supplanted by lust, and the opposite of all that is said above will be the true state of affairs.

Yes, all and more It will then corrupt men, prostitute women, invite disease, engender strife, foster family broils, bring early and disgraceful death, and stifle the pure affections of the heart.

It dries up the stream of life's ever flowing river, causing the parents hearts to become devoid of affection, for it frequently is productive of the most horrid and unnatural of crimes—destruction of self and offspring.

It is a fruitful cause of insanity, suicide and murder; thwarts the purposes of Jehovah, pleases the Devil, but angels will withdraw their holy presence and weep.

It will—but hold!

has not enough been said?

Does it not already appear "A monster of such hideous mien,

That to be hated, needs but to be seen?"

If intemperance has enlisted the attention of noble men and women, ought not they to engage in a warfare against these crimes generally classed under the head of the "social evil,"which surely produces as much misery, and abounds to a greater extent?

Every nation is corrupted by its influence;

it exists among the kings, emperors, presidents, legislators, magistrates and nobility, as well as in the ranks of the humbler classes, reveling in the palace and also in the cottage;

walking, shameless, at midday in our crowded streets, as well as in the more thinly settled portions of the country.

It is sapping the strength of every nation, flourishing to an alarming extent, notwithstanding the boasted power, intelligence, and purity of this generation.

The executives of governments, the press, and ministers of the Gospel, confess themselves powerless to stay this stream of crime, and so it flows on blighting, withering, cursing all whom it touches.

They tell us it is a necessary evil, saying: "In the present state of society, with so many men who refuse to take upon themselves the obligations of matrimony, it cannot be otherwise than as it is; and to make any great change would be to endanger the purity of the virtuous."O, man where is thy boasted power!

Art thou so lost to self respect as to make such acknowledgements as this?

But ye statesman, governors and ministers—and all inhabitants of the earth, hear this:

If you cannot stop this cursed evil, there is a God in heaven who can and will!

For in justice to those noble spirits that are yet to take bodies on this earth, will he stop this great unrighteousness.

Ought you not to learn

IN THE WHITE MOUNTAINS.

a lesson from the history of the past?

Do you not know that it was for the same evils that this generation is guilty of, that offended Deity destroyed the Antediluvian world with a flood?

When the inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrha committed'the same seething infamies that are now running riot through the world, corrupting the life's blood of the nations, and cursing posterity, God destroyed them by fire.

The ancient inhabitants of Palestine perverted their natures as this generation has perverted theirs, and God suffered the Hebrews to drive them from their possessions. Now with these plain truths of history before you, and with the knowledge you have that God is no respecter of persons, think ye, that you can escape the power of his judgment?

Verily we say unto you, nay; but your condemnation will be the greater because you have these examples before you.

Therefore repent, O man for judgment is at your doors.

To my brethren in Zion.—Let us in these matters choose the better part, as in that better part alone is true happiness.

Let us keep ourselves unspotted from the sins of this generation.

Maintaining our integrity to the principles committed to us in righteousness before the heavens, regardless of what men may say; and, with passions under control, with true and holy faith in

God, we shall weather every storm that may arise or beset our way in life.

B. H. Roberts.

Repose and cheerfulness are the badge of the gentleman—repose in energy.

IN THE WHITE MOUNTAINS.

When we came near the base of the mountain, two beautiful and transparent lakes, surrounded with a romantic forest of evergreen, and other trees, added greatly to the interest of the scene.

Between these lakes a mansion was reared for the public entertainment of those whom curiosity draws to the place.

This house furnished pleasure boats, fishing apparatus, guides, etc., for the accommodation of parties of pleasure, and others who wished to spend a few hours amid these romantic and picturesque scenes of sublimity and grandeur, where nature in her wildest freaks had combined the gentle and lovely, which seems to soothe and calm the spirits, with the awfully grand, the terribly majestic, and the wild and romantic, as if calculated at once to interest the curious, to please the merry, to add gloom to solitude, and fervor to devotion;

and in a word, to fill the contemplative mind with the highest degree of wonder and admiration.

Our road led directly between the two small lakes, through what is called the Notch. The mountains on each hand reared their majestic piles almost perpendicular for many hundred feet.

While clouds hung lowering on their bosoms,

And their tall summits high above

The misty vapors stood in awful pride,

And still serenely smiled amid clear skies, And all the splendor of the morning sun.

When we had passed between the lakes and walked a short distance, we left the road and took a footpath to the left hand, and _ommenced our ascent up the sfeep sides of the mountain.

Our path for many hundred feet was very steep, and in many places almost perpendicular; but the rough fragments of rock afforded steps; and these, together with twigs and shrubs which we seized with our hands, enabled us to climb with some degree of safety as well as speed.

When we had arrived at the distance of perhaps half a mile, the scene was truly awful.

Huge fragments of rock were thrown together in inconceivable confusion, as if by some terrible convulsion of nature;

recalling to mind a time long since passed, when Earth with a tremendous groan,

Did for a dying Jesus mourn.

Passing still onward on our airy way, the timber began to be of different variety, suited to a colder climate, and fast

THE OLD FOLKS.

diminishing in its size, until at length we were only surrounded with dwarf cedars, or spruce; and still higher up even these ceased to vegetate, and a bleak, bald and rocky summit still reared its dreary head a vast distance above us.

At the point where vegetation ceased, we found a small lake several rods in circumference, probably fed by the melting snows which lay upon the mountain most of the year.

Leaving this curiosity below us, we continued our ascent over rocky steeps, mostly covered with moss;

and after a laborious journey of some hours we found ourselves on the highest pinnacle of Mount Lafayette, while far beneath us we beheld the summits of many other mountains, clothed with evergreen;

and beyond these on all sides lay a beautiful scenery of Farms, and fields and meadows gay,

While in the distance far away,

The flocks in sportive groups assembled,

Limpid lakes in sunbeams trembled,

Huts with rural scenes surrounded,

Mansions fair and bright abounded;

While zephyrs sweet perfumed the air,

From roses, pinks, and lilies fair;

While far o'er eastern hills we view

The briny ocean's distant blue,

And mark its waves in distance dwindle,

Till with the heavens they seem to mingle.

When all at once the scenes around us

Are veiled from view, the clouds surround us,

And far beneath, and high above,

Swift through the air the vapors move.

Although it was now in the sultry heat of summer, yet our vast elevation caused a coldness which seemed winteiiike;

and although dressed in winter clothing, we were soon so chilled as to shake at every limb.

After offering our prayers and thanks to the Maker of heaven and earth, we again descended; and when we had come down about half way we were out of the cloud, and again enjoyed the pure air of the lower atmosphere, while the warm and gentle breezes of summer soon warmed and restored our benumbed limbs to their proper temperature.

Inspired with sublimer and nobler thoughts of nature and of nature's God, we pursued our course a few miles on our way, and being weary we called at a humble dwelling, were kindly received, and after partaking of such simple refreshments as the place afforded, with appetites sharpened with fatigue, we retired to rest, and resigned the night to sweet repose.

Parley P. Pratt.

Certain acts can be rendered legal, but can never be made legitimate.

Tallyrand.

If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.

Longfellow.

It is manifest that the life of charity toward the neighbor, which consists in doing what is just and right in all our dealings and occupations, leads to heaven; but not a life of piety without charity.

Swedenborg.

THE OLD FOLKS.

WRITTEN FOR THE OLD FOLKS'JUBILEE.

Who once were full of childhood's joys,

As happy, careless girls and boys,

And loved to play with many toys To them a priceless treasure?

Who sought earth's wonders to espy, In birds and flowers, and wood and sky, In that sweet time when seasons by

Flew on the wings of pleasure?

We old folks?

Ah, the very same!

What cared we then for labor's claim?

Our days like sunbeams went and came

From May-day to December.

And scarce a ripple in life's stream,

Disturbed our smooth and quiet dream,

And all was happiness supreme,

As well do we remember.

Who once were young and blithe as they

We call the young folks of to-day?

And loved full well to romp and play

As oft they met together?

FRIENDSHIP.

Who went a wooing maidens fair?

Who waited for the wooer, where

The moon alone looked on the pair,

Who plighted vows forever?

The old folks?

Yes, the old folks dear Who now in frosted age appear,

To here enjoy this later cheer

Of love, and sweet communion.

A meeting of the brave and free,

As sweet as early childhoods glee, While gathered to this jubilee

Enjoying th'eir re-union.

Who once were planning life's career,

In visions of the future clear,

All pictured thro'and thro'with cheer,

And filled with many a blessing?

Who found a thorny, rocky road,

O'er which the chilling tempest blowed?

With trials every day bestowed,

Their hopes of life repressing?

Who but ourselves, we wise old folks,

Still full of plans that time revokes,

And still as full of merry jokes

As when, our teens were flying.

Ah! though we're old we're children still, But little changed as down life's hill

We swiftly glide, our course fulfil, As children, living, dying!

Who gladly heard the Gospel true,

And sought the Savior's will to do,

And soon by revelation knew The knowledge God has given?

Who now are knocking at the gate,

And patiently the summons wait,

To enter in their royal state As kings and queens in heaven?

We old folks?

Ah!

God bless the day When we the Gospel did obey, And learned in charity to pray,

With faith forever growing.

Thank God for Priesthood, truth and life, For marriage, sealing man and wife, For knowledge, in the Priesthood rife,

By revelation flowing!

Ah me!

it seems but yesterday When I was young, with spirits gay, But now, these locks are growing gray,

Old age is o'er me creeping.

With my companions here, I'll soon Close life's long busy afternoon;

My spirit gain bright heaven's boon,

My clay be sweetly sleeping!

And ere another jubilee, Full many here, that now I see, Will gain the heavenly portals free,

And homes of life eternal.

Enjoying all they can enjoy, With not a thought that can alloy

Their pleasure, as they all employ

Their time in bliss supernal.

Who then regrets their brief old age

Upon life's ever changing stage?

Beyond, there lies our heritage;

Who here could wish to tarry?

We old folks?

No, we would away, While young folks enter, in array

To do the labors of to-day, And life's full burden carry.

Be happy then in life's decline;

Let hope's bright vision o'er us shine;

And faith, and charity divine Increase our hearts with treasure.

God bless the old folks, staunch and true, Who long have sought His will to do;

And let their time, as days ensue, Be filled with love and pleasure.

Joseph L.

Townsend.

FRIENDSHIP.

O life is beautiful, and fair, and sweet,

With all its golden wealth of love and hope,

Bright, dreamy fancies, castles incomplete

Fill up the vacant avenues and scope.

But while we plod along, from day to day,

What is it cheers and gladdens most the heart?

Not love—the changeful queen from sad to gay,

Hope, Faith and Trust, each, comfort may impart, But Friendship, which the test of truth has tried,

Lifts us from darkness into regions fair,

And will with sorrow or with joy abide,

A gem of gems, exquisite, rich and rare.

Let poets sing in praises all divine,

Choosing among the gifts that God has given,

The one most precious, cheering or sublime,

To help poor mortals in the path to heaven,

I will suggest that friendship be the theme,

Highest and worthiest of the poet's fire:

'Tis guiltless of deceit or selfish scheme,

And will true sympathy of soul inspire.

Linking together the divinest part,

Of man or woman, in affection true, 'Twill elevate and purify the heart,

Imparting strength, to bear life's journey through.

Emmeline B.

Wells

3H EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, July, 1882.

RESPECT FOR AGE.

The ovation tendered by the citizens of Salt Lake to the Old Folks, on June 28 and 29, was a glorious affair, cheering the souls of many hundreds of weary pilgrims and warming the hearts of thousands with one of the noblest of human sentiments—Respect for Age.

This feeling is so indissolubly associated with self-respect, that such an expression of it as was witnessed on the occasion referred to, distinguishes the people who participated as upright and virtuous, and deserving the emulation and praise of the world.

It is doubtful if such a gathering of aged people, comprising so many in the decline of life, was ever witnessed before.

It would be difficult to assemble so large and harmonious a crowd of people in any other community.

The entire affair was unique and characteristic of no people but those brought together and united by the principles of truth and universal brotherhood contained in the Gospel of Christ.

Truly the hearts of the children are turned to their fathers in this blessed dispensation of the fulness of times.

The arrangements for entertaining the eleven hundred old people, who had reached the age of seventy and upwards, were very satisfactory and complete, reflecting great credit upon the committee.

On the morning of the first day a grand concert was given in the Tabernacle, in which the best musical talent of the City and several neighboring towns was engaged.

Speeches by Presidents Taylor and Cannon and others were delivered, and flowers and refreshments were distributed to the veterans by troops of beautifully dressed little girls, members of the Primary Associations.

In the afternoon a free matinee performance of "Queen's Evidence"at the Theatre, by the "Home Dramatic Club,"interested the large audience of gray-haired men and women as so many children.

On the second day a grand social picnic was given in Liberty Park.

It is estimated that ten thousand persons assembled there.

Tables were spread for the old people and presided over by the ladies of the Relief Society.

The banquet was a most bounteous and enjoyable one.

Greetings of friends and the renewal of friendships, after many years of separation, cheered the hearts of many and made the day a truly happy one.

After the feast came sports and the distribution of prizes.

Every worthy exploit or feat, from foot racing over the measured course, to the peacefully living together of a couple during the course of a long lifetime, was rewarded with a suitable prize.

The exercises terminated, after all were satisfied, with the unanimous verdict that the ovation was unparalleled for genuine pleasure and the care and comfort which attended it.

The citizens of all classes contributed to the success of the occasion, by their means and attention to the wants of the aged guests, who thronged the streets wearing badges, which were everywhere respectfully saluted and recognized as a passport to the hearts, habitations and hospitalities of the people.

The committee managing this festive and unique gathering of aged people consisted of gentlemen well known in the community.

Their names will ever be held in honorable remembrance for their efficiency, unselfishness and the purely humanitarian sentiments which actuated them.

They are: Bishop Edward Hunter, George Goddard, C.

R.

Savage, Wm. Eddington, Wm.

Naylor, John Kirkman, Wm. L. Binder.

m IN MEMORIAM.

On the Twenty-third of July, Grandfather Free, a veteran in the Church and honored ancestor of a large posterity,

EDITORIAL.

died, at his residence in Farmers'Ward.

He was surrounded by loving relatives, who ministered to every want and eased the last hours of his mortal life, by deeds of kindness and attention which loving hearts alone could suggest.

He passed peacefully away, not fearing death, for his hope beyond the veil had taken away the sting of death and robbed the grave of its victory.

No man ever died with a purer, more unfaltering faith in the virtues of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

He expected when he left this life to receive it again, and that his body, laid away in mortality, would soon rise again incorruptible and immortal.

Among his last words he said:

"The resurrection seems very near at hand to me."Absalom Pennington Free, the son of

Andrew Free and Mary Pennington, was born in Burke County, North Carolina, March 22, 1798; having lived during the time of all the Presidents of the United

States.

He removed early in life to Kentucky, thence to St.

Clair Co., Illinois, where, engaged in farming, he was prosperously located, when the Elders visited him, bearing the welcome tidings of the Gospel as restored through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

He gladly received the messengers of truth, and identifying himself with the Church, followed it through its trials in Missouri and Illinois.

With his large family he accompanied the

Saints under the leadership of President Young to Winter Quarters, and in 1848 to this valley, where he has since remained.

During all these years he has been true and faithful, receiving ordinations to the various offices of the High Priesthood, and being endowed with all the blessings pertaining to the new and everlasting covenant.

His admonitions to his children and their offspring have been given in the spirit of kindness and love, and confirmed by an example of fidelity to principles of temperance, virtue, truth and righteousness, such as is rarely met in the world.

It has often been said of Grandfather Free that he came as near living every principle which was made known to him as any man.

All this we believe, and more than words can express, for as an honored patriarch, a faithful father, a wise counselor, a true brother, an unflinching friend and a consistent, honest man and

Latter-day Saint, he was as nearly perfect and without guile or selfishness as men may hope to be in this world of temptation and sin.

THE UTAH COMMISSION.

On June the President sent the nominations for the Utah Commission to the Senate;

they were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and reported back favorably, when the Senate confirmed them.

The names are as follows:

Alexander Ramsey, of Minnesota;

Algernon S.

Paddock, of Nebraska; G.

F. Godfrey, of Iowa; Ambrose B. Carleton, of Indiana; James R. Pettigrew, of

Arkansas.

Three of these are republicans and two are democrats.

Mr.

Ramsey, the chairman, is a staunch republican, who has been in public life for many years.

He was born near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, September 8, 1815;

received his education in that State, at Lafayette College, and held several clerkships in the political and State organizations before 1844, when he was sent to Congress and served two terms.

He was appointed by President Taylor, in 1849, Governor of Minnesota, then a Territory, being its first Governor; he held the office until 1853, and was Mayor of St. Paul in 1855.

Mr. Ramsey took a leading part in procuring the admission of the Territory into the Union, and in 1859 was elected Governor of the State, being re-elected in 1 861.

At the expiration of his second term as Governor, he took his seat in the U.

S.

Senate, to which he had been elected in 1863.

He occupied that position until 1875, and was soon after called to the Cabinet of President Hayes as Secretary of War.

Mr. Paddock was born at Glen's Falls, in the State of New York;

studied law and was admitted to the bar in his native town.

He went to Nebraska in 1857;

was appointed Secretary of the Territory in 1 861, holding that office until the admission of the State into the Union in

3i6 GENERAL SKOBELEFF.

1867.

In lie was elected a U. S.

Senator.

Like Senator Ramsey, he has had experience in engineering a Territory into the Union, which by some people is supposed to be a chief qualification for the office to which they are now appointed it being supposed that the Administration is more in favor of creating out of our Territory a republican State with officers selected from the minority, than in uprooting polygamy.

G. F. Godfrey, of Iowa, is a republican, about forty-two years of age.

He entered the army as a Lieutenant, served during the war of the Rebellion, and was promoted to be Colonel of cavalry. At the close of the war, he engaged in the practice of law at Des Moines, Iowa, where for several years he held the office of Receiver of Public Moneys, and subsequently acted as Assistant District

Attorney.

Ambrose B. Carleton, of Terre Haute,

Indiana, is a lawyer by profession, and a democrat in politics.

He was formerly a law partner of Senator Voorhees, and at various times has been a member of the Indiana Legislature, a Circuit Judge and Professor of Law in the State University.

He is about fifty-six years old, and is said to have a high reputation for legal ability and literary attainments.

James R.

Pettigrew, of Fayetteville, Arkansas, has been a member of the Legislature of that State, and was, until his appointment on the Commission, Journal Clerk of the U. S. Senate.

He is a man of middle age, a lawyer by profession, and a democrat.

These five gentlemen constitute the Utah Commission, with Hon. Arthur L.

Thomas, Secretary of the Territory, as their Secretary.

Congress has voted them a salary of five thousand dollars a year each, and made an appropriation of fifteen thousand for their immediate expenses. What their duties are, the lawyers and politicians have not yet determined.

As they have not yet arrived in Utah, and have as yet done nothing, it perhaps is wiser to await developments before commenting upon the labors before them or the methods to be pursued.

GENERAL SKOBELEFF.

The life of General Skobeleff supplies a striking illustration of the doctrine of heredity.

He was a soldier born of soldiers.

Not only is his father a general of distinguished ability, but his grandfather rose by sheer force of fighting capacity from the ranks to first rank as a general in the Caucasus. From his youth upward Michael Dimitrievitch was a man of war.

When only eighteen he took so energetic a part in some disturbances at the university that his attendance at the seat of learning was summarily dispensed with, but not before he had acquired a mastery of several languages and an omnivorous appetite for reading.

There were few better read men in Europe than the general who made himself the idol of the Russian army before he was three and thirty.

Wherever he went he carried his books with him, and read, for instance, the account of the massacre of

Cabul in 1842 when sitting in his garden at Bokhara, not knowing but that the next day he might have to share the fate of Elphinstone.

How he found time to read amid the exciting life he led is a mystery.

After his dismissal from the university he was sent with a regiment of the Guards to assist in suppressing the Polish insurrection. That was in 1863, when he was eighteen.

Skobeleff returned with his regiment to St.

Petersburg, but soon sickened of the sybaritism which is in vogue with guardsmen elsewhere than in London.

He could not stand the idle life of the "fine gentlemen of the Guard,"and he left their society for the Staff College about the time the Prussians were winning the battle of Sadowa.

After two years'diligent study he was sent off with a captain's commission to the Caucasus where his grandfather had gained his

GENERAL SKOBELEFF.

laurels—the year before the Franco-Prussian war broke out.

He was then a youngster of four and twenty.

The first two or three years were passed in guerrilla war in the mountains—a service useful but uneventful.

In 1873, when his upward career may properly be said to begin,he was transferred to Turkestan,and took part in the famous expedition to Khiva as lieutenant-colonel of a Cossack regiment.

No sooner had the Khiva war been settled than the Russo-Turkish war broke out, and Skobeleff marched off to Bulgaria without a command.

The story of his exploits in the Bulgarian campaign included all that was most exciting in the war which brought the Russian army within sight of the minarets of Stamboul.

From the day when, "to show the stuff he was made of,"he swam his horse across the Danube while General Dragomiroff was forcing the passage at Simnitza, to the time when he could with difficulty be restrained from marching into Constantinople as soon as the British fleet entered the Sea of Marmora, he was the most prominent actor in the drama.

He became the legendary hero of the campaign, and in the mind* of the common people he almost monopolized its glories.

He was always in the forefront of the hottest battles;

four horses were shot under him in ten days, but he was only wounded once, and after being in constant expectation of death for months he returned home safe and sound.

His white uniform was to his soldiers like the white plume of Henri Ouatre at the battle of Ivry.

"I have heard the soldiers speak of him,"says Lieutenant Greene, "as a general under whom they would rather fight and die than fight and live under another."They had often to die—sometimes fifty per cent, of his command perished, but he spared no exertion to minister to their wants and to supply their needs.

His division was the best fed and the best clothed and best armed in the army.

He was always with them in the most exposed positions in the fight, sleeping with them in the trenches and looking after all their necessities in the camp.

In short says Lieutenant Greene, "he succeeded so thoroughly in making himself one with his division that his men responded to his thoughts as readily as the muscles obey the will.

I doubt if a more thoroughly ideal relation between a general and his men has existed since the days of Cromwell."His custom of wearing white, as if to court the bullets of his enemies, his reckless personal bravery, and the strange custom of his of always "going into battle In his cleanest uniform and fresh underclothing covered with perfume, and wearing a diamond-hilted sword, in order that, as he said, he might die with his best clothes on,"gained him the reputation of a wild dare-devil, which somewhat obscured his real capacity as a general.

In reality they only showed how thoroughly he had divined that secret of power which lies in fascinating the imagination as well as of appealing to the reason of men.

When he was sent to take Geek Tepe and subdue the

Tekkes many shook their heads, and predicted that his impetuosity would be his ruin.

So far from that being the case he displayed the utmost caution, acted with the greatest deliberation;

refused to move from July to December, until he made all his preparations:

and after he had carried, on camels to the trenches, no fewer than one million five hundred and seventy-five thousand rounds of ammunition, to say nothing of several thousands of heavy shot and shell, he laid siege to Geek Tepe and captured that hitherto impregnable stronghold.

He had ten thousand troops against forty thousand Asiatics, and he achieved the conquest of the Akhal Tekke country with a loss of nine hundred and thirty-seven men.

Only once in that campaign did Skobeleff display his usual recklessness. After the fortress had fallen he was riding through the country with his escort when he met several Tekkes.

He asked who they were.

They answered:

"Friendly Tekkes.""How can I believe your word?"he asked again, "Tekkes never lie,"wastheirconfidentresponse. "Well,"replied Skobeleff, "if that is the case, I

3i8 GENERAL SKOBELEFF.

will send my escort home and will return accompanied by you."He was as good as his word, and his trust in the word of the nomads was not misplaced.

General Skobeleff was a Russian of the Russians.

His life had but one serious cloud, due to an alliance with one who was as cosmopolitan as he was Muscovite.

The careless, impetuous and unguarded speech he made in Paris, respecting the Eastern question, showed that he was singularly undiplomatic, effusive and enthusiastic.

In fact, his speeches in public have ever indicated this.

Five years ago he used to horrify the English war correspondents in Bulgaria by discussing plans for the invasion of India, being entirely unconcerned as to the effect of his utterances upon the most interested opposers to such a project in the world.

He fully shared the national resentment against the interference of the congress of Berlin.

The remarkable advancement of Skobeleff, in military prowess and in the hearts of his countrymen, led his greatest admirers to expect everything of him in the future.

One of these wrote, a short time before his death, as follows "He has a great career before him.

It is not often that such enthusiasm is linked to a stupendous military genius.

If he should live twenty years more, he will be commander-in-chief in the next war about the Eastern question, and history will then speak of him as one of the five great soldiers of the century, side by side with Napoleon, Wellington, Grant and Moltke."These brilliant expectations, however, were destined to disappointment.

The hero of whom so much was hoped fell a prey to the universal enemy, Death, on the sixth of July, dying suddenly of heart disease, at the Hotel Dassou, Moscow. His untimely departure caused the profoundest grief and disappointment among all classes of Russians.

The Czar wrote to the General's sister, as follows:

"I am terribly overcome and grieved by the sudden death of your brother.

It is an irreparable loss to the army.

All will weep for him.

It is a sad loss to the country."While the body was lying in state in the church at Moscow, surging crowds paraded the streets, exhibiting the utmost sorrow.

The following brief description of the first requiem services, held on July ioth, before the removal of the body to the family burying place, was cabled over the globe:

"Crowds have been to see Skobeleff s body at the church to which it was transferred on Saturday evening.

The visitors were deeply affected and many eyes were wet. The little church was fragrant with flowers and wreaths.

Among the most remarkable tributes was that of the

Academie d'Etat, the major being over eighteen feet in circumference, and decorated with ribbons of honor of St.

George, with the following:

"Skobeleff, the Hero."Archimandrite Athanasius officiated, assisted by numerous priests.

The Prince Dolgouriki, Minister of War, and Counts Adelberg and Barenoff, and all old comrades of Plevna,were present.

At eleven o'clock, the mass of requiem was celebrated.

Skobeleff's family was represented by General Tchernieff and Prince Belosseley, who received each fresh arrival.

Troops lined the road to Rizan. A surging*crowd of one hundred thousand people filled the streets.

The roads were covered with human forms.

At noon, Grand Dukes Nicholas and Alexis arrived from St. Petersburg, and were driven to the church, cheered by the people all the way.

On reaching the building, Archimandrite said a few words and uncovered the body of the hero.

It was placed on a bier and borne in solemn procession to Rizan, followed by the

Grand Dukes, all the generals, the Moscow military band, and Prince Dolgouriki and staff.

Prayers were again said in the presence of an enormous crowd, and the body being placed in a car reserved for it, the train started for Rizan.

W. J.

For affection, or the faintest imitation of it, a man should feel obliged to his very dog.

But for the gross assistance of patronage or purse, let him pause before accepting them from any one.

Carlyle.

HOME-COMING.

3 J 9 HOME-COMING It was a bright, beautiful day in spring.

The green leaves of the fruit trees could just be seen among the bunches of pink and white blossoms.

The birds flitted from branch to branch filling the air with their sweet music.

The face of the farmer wore a pleasant smile, as he sowed his seeds with the hopes of an abundant harvest;

and the flocks and herds that covered the hill sides were enjoying the fresh, green grass.

But it was none of these things that caused the stir and quiet happiness of one small household.

It was the expected arrival of the eldest son.

He had been gone two years, and long years had they been to those who daily missed the cheerful face, and merry voice of their loved one.

And now he was coming home.

They went from room to room not so much to see if everything was in readiness, as because they could not be still.

He had been expected for several days, and would surely come tonight.

Many of the neighbors called during the day to hear the good news.

For had he not grown up among them?

And were they not anxious to welcome him home, as they had been to bid him Godspeed when he went away?

At last, it is time to go to the station.

How breathlessly they await the whistle of the engine As the train stops at the platform, they noticed a young bearded man step out and look around as if expecting some one.

They looked from one to the other of the few who remain on the platform as the train rushes on, and conclude that this must be he for whom they have looked so anxiously.

He sees his loved ones, and they welcome him with loving embraces, for words failed them.

If they had expected a change it was not such a one as this;

but the short moment of regret for their boy instead of this bearded man, is over, and they feel a joy that can be felt only at such re-unions.

After the hand shakings and friendly greetings are over, they proceed to their home.

He looks around to see if all his dear ones are there.

Yes, all whom he left, now welcome his return.

But not all the loved faces that once gathered round that board are here to-night.

As his eye wandered from face to face, they know he thinks of two lovely sisters who "faded with the flowers,"whose presence he feels, though their faces he misses.

When the repast is ended, and they gathered around the evening fire, they kneel in prayer and thank the Great Father that the absent one has returned;

and they pray for strength to guide them that they may have even a happier homecoming where there will be no vacant chairs.

Millie May.

A traveling Elder in the Fens of Lincolnshire tells the following:

I was one day quite earnestly reproached by a good sister, whose habitation was always open to the missionaries, for the habit of many Elders, myself included, of making the best of unpleasant circumstances and passing them by as mere incidents of a mission, to be borne without complaining.

She said:

"I know you Elders often suffer very uncomfortably in your hearts, but you are always pleasant and good natured, however disagreeably you may dine or lodge.

Now I would rather you would tell me honestly if you find anything unpleasant in your entertainment at my house."

I pondered dubiously upon this, having, of course, to acknowledge that sometimes we did deem it prudent to put on a smiling countenance and bear with fortitude little vexations that would be gladly avoided, if possible.

With this confession I retired to the Elders'bed, in the low, upper room, which smelt of the stagnant water in the pitcher and the thatched roof outside.

I retired, but not to sleep;

other entertainment than sleep must be reported on the morrow, if the honesty so impressively enjoined should dictate my response to the customary morning salutation.

When the blessed day appeared, and I yielded up the contested battle-field—my bed—to the victorious

;20 ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

enemy and descended the narrow stairs, I resolved, partly, because revenge is sweet when victory is denied, and partly to test the sincerity of my hostess'desire to be told the simple, unvarnished truth, to be as candid as the situation would justify.

"Good morning, Brother.

Did you enjoy your night's rest?""No, ma'am, I did not.""What! Why were you ill?""No, but I couldn't sleep.""Couldn't sleep! What was the matter?""The matter was"—and to substantiate the fact I rolled up my sleeves to exhibit the red polka dots on my arms—"that the fleas were too many and too industrious for any human being to sleep while they were awake.""Fleas!

fleas in my house,"she loudly exclaimed, with flashing, angry eyes and a very red face;

"I tell you, sir, if there were any fleas in that btd,you brought them there.''''Trust not to each accusing tongue,

As most weak persons do;

But still believe that story false

Which ought not to he true.

The discovery of what is true and the practice of what is good are the two most important objects of philosophy.—

Voltaire.

The grandest and strongest natures are ever the calmest.

A fiery restlessness is the symbol of frailties not yet outgrown.

The repose of power is its richest phase and its clearest testimony.

ASSOCIATION.INTELLIGENCE.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE.

On Sunday, July 16, the Quarterly Conference of the Y. M. M.

I A.

of Weber Stake was held in the Ogden tabernacle.

A large representative attendance of the Associations was present.

In the morning competitive exercises took place, introducing a very entertaining and instructive programme, rendered by members chosen from the various Associations in the Stake.

We were particularly gratified with a brief lecture on the universal apostacy from Christian principles and their restoration in the latter days.

This was given by Brother Geo. Hall, of Huntsville, and was a concise, scriptural, logical address, which, if reported and published, would afford an excellent example to young men everywhere, in the treatment of such subjects before their Associations, or abroad in the world.

The other exercises, which were quite varied, were instructive and very agreeable.

Remarks were made by President Joseph F. Smith and Elder Junius F. Wells, and by several young men just returned from missions to Europe and the

States.

The officers were sustained as usual, and the Conference was adjourned for three months.

In the meantime appointments were made for district meetings throughout the Stake.

Supt. E. H. Anderson and the officers associated with him appear to be fully alive to the work of mutual improvement in Weber Stake.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

i.

In confirming a baptized believer, should we say "receive ye the Holy Ghost,"or, "receive ye the gift of the Holy Ghost?"E. B.

2. Which Arctic explorer reached the highest degree of north latitude?

Which reported seeing an open sea and a green land beyond the ice barriers?

How many expeditions have made the effort to reach the pole and been utterly lost?

E. P. C.

3. Has there been a resurrection since

Christ?

if not, did Peter, James and Moroni appear to Joseph Smith without their bodies?

If they had their bodies, when were they resurrected?

4. Who is Raphael spoken of in the Doctrine and Covenants, sec. cxxviii, 21?

J. H. D.

So intimate is the alliance of mind and heart that talent uniformly sinks with character.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

EATERS, RICHMOND MOWERS The Lightest Draft Machines in the Territory, and the Favorite on account of their Excellence and Low Price.

ROCK ISLAND FLOWS, STEEL and CHILLS1

SULKY RAISES, Hand and Self-Dump, Sold from same yard by Lynch and

Cottrell.

Send for Price List and Circulars.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DEALERS.

1© Gall on or Address ^±.

3".

T OVISTS OUST, P.

O. B:OX 371, SALT X.AKJ3 CITY, 123, 125, 12?, 123, 131 1UH MET, Salt Lake City, Cornice and Curtains, etc., Mattresses anil Feathers, etc.

SEHERiL UPHOLSTERY Children's Curiam and W Wagons, N ITU RE « W 1 GSS&A New and Second Hand,.

Call and see J + P + SOREHSOI L C0 M 16 M A I H ST.

3 Doors South of Temple Block.

Office and Yard.

Corner East of'Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEALS IN Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Bear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Hear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, One

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Mows all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares for alt sizes of Mows.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond Ctdtivators, Weir Harrows, and other Agricultural Implements.

All Implements warranted to be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc, Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers; Victor Cane Mills, James Leifel's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1210 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, urn and vmm& masons.

PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS,

BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS) P.

0. Boz, 1065, SALT LAKE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 07 and 09 Main Street.

PeiWe anil Western Marlets.

1st South St., No.

(12 2nd South St.

d Proprietors..

HaVe always on hand the CHOICEST m MEATS IIST SEASON.

P0BK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOG1TA, And all kinds of dried:m: IE ^- 1? s.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

AUE 124 and 126 East Temple Street, Announce that they now receive the Largest and best Selected Stock of

SPRING GOOD Ever shown in this Market, Consisting of ran, m, MOSTLY OUR OWN IMPORTATION.

18 COMPLETE IN EVERY LINE, mm m fahct qaods, corsets, buttons, im mmsm Of Latest Design and Lowest Prices.

BOOT j£.2<TJD SHOE 3DE^>-A-I^1,I^^:EiT,X Ladies', Misses', Children's Shoes and Slippers, of best Makes, Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters, Alexis Ties, Ladies'Dolmans, Ulsters, Dusters, Suits of Latest Styles, Skirts and Underwear, at Popular Prices.

MILLINERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES, AT WHOLESALE ONLY.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

i\ i p^ PIANOS^ <NMAN0» v Violins, Accordeons, Guitars, i'lutes, Banjos, irass nstruments, Brums, l"^ And all kinds of y£\ Musical Instruments, Mnsle, Music Iloofas, Strings and Fitting?, ill AND PMfMMFFMM® EM'FMM'MV&MC&& MlMM9 (Jl Best and Cheapest at CARELESS'& GROXALL'S MUSIC HOUSE, 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City, send for. catalogues.

a m Q L« p. JJardy.

P.

j*. Hardy HARDY BROTHERS, SUCCESSORS TO -A..

XD. YOU"ONTO, DEALERS IN Staple and Fans;

QroGeries, Erf Bonis ail Mini.

<Sc 28 2^a,irL Street, Opposite S. O. 2v£. Z.

SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in D17 Soois, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, kt n d d s'* General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

s.

:p. teasdel.

P. 0. BOX. 352.

East Temple Street HOWARD SEBREE, s^-lt Xj-a-zsie ^.2<tjd OG-rEir, Tjar-^.x-z, T SELF SELLS THE ME!

The Best in the Market.

Also the Champion Reapers ancl Mowers- A full stock of the celebrated Bain Wagons.

Racine Spring Wagons can't oc excelledOliver Chilled and Moline Plows- «®= AM, GOQWS WAKRAKIEB.

SERB F031 PKICfi I*IST,i\ =gaa

ADVERTISEMENTS.

pa3| Vs^ The Leading This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

Sstablishment GARRETS.

P [tgEffi in the Wei BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our goods.

^ SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. {* WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent:

Steel Engraving—OF GEORGE A. SMITH.

Orders will J?e received for a few -proof copies of this Elegant Engraving, zvhick is to

Illustrate the Biography of President Smith IN THE OF THE ulLbi I3ST SOLID WALHDT FBAMES.

OF $3.00 A PAIR.

A.F CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BP 1 8 8-2 j GS & S WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS, GROCERIES, WOODENWARE, and TINWARE,

CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE, STOVES, GLASS, ETC., ETC.

Our Stock is larger than ever and cannot be excelled by any house west of the Quality d Prices Guaranteed b Give Satisfaction.

ORDERS BY MAIL SOLICITED.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.

Emporium Buildings, Salt Lake City, Utah.