VOL. IV

DECEMBER, 1882.

®o.

3.

Tlie Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE dOKTKl BUTOjl A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

F. WELLS.

SAI/T LAKE CITY, FTAH»

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR DECEMBER, 1882.

PAGE.

.

George A. Smith.

III.

First Mission Territorial Government J. M.

Tanner....

Mineral Springs Jos.

T. Kingsbury Indian Summer in the Alleghanies Jos. L. Tozvnsend Eternal Duration of Matter.

Ill Parley P. Pratt.

Brunelleschi St. Nicholas Sermons and Writings of the Prophets.

Baptism Joseph Smith True Christmas and New Year's Day

Edtvard E. Brain On Sleeping with Snakes Beppo Weddings H. W. Naisbitt In the Wake of the Church.

II.

Kirtland Richard W. Young Signs of Christ's Coming.

I.

The Falling Away Rocert S. Spence John Bunyan Hannah T. King no Presence of Mind Small Beginnings Charles Mackay Editorial:

Spirit Memories..

Joseph F. Smith What is Life Orson F.

Whitney Thanksgiving Day Amethyst Association Intelligence:

Notice to Stake Superintendents

Quarterly Conference—Box Elder

Answers to Questions Questions to Answer.

Publications Received Worth, Wholesale and Mail, to be sold at Bargains this year, fti m m UN-CLOTHING, B00TS;

SHOES, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS,-**;

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

1A WABlBQUfll, osite Z. C. M.

I

f jl.. idcSc.A.. -sroiDrisra-,

OOTS ^° SHOE 44 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY.

>r-» F'^&y, tfowtf* 5en(iJ^ MANUFACTURERS OF GA1E3 Farm,Freigit I SpringWagon;

A/£ szzes awe? sfa/fes 0/ which we carry in stock, or will build to any special order on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, descriptions and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Styles.

€JBWFMAM JAS.

B. GLASS, Manager.

WQ) USE.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

IIP

AGENTS for UTAH, WYOMING, IDAHO, NEVADA and MONTANA.

Hight, 72 Enches;

Width, 47 Inches;

Depth, 24 Inches.

Has Five Oclaves of Keys; Three Sets of Resrls, double riveted;

Seven Stops^ including Vox Hn- e:

unie j O Oil Finish, Handles and Lamp Stands.

•A -alfSk aouDie rivetea;

seven stops, including vox tiv, Iti 2m I ll t* IfU St UTff mana > Rubber Bellows:

Patent Safety Valve H) Wl Mi-** Solid Walnut Case, with Music Portfolio,"Genuin v« Oil Finish, Handles and Lamp Stands.

DAYNES & COALTER, Hooper & Eldrcdge Block, MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY.

HEW COAL YARD. CHARCOAL and WOOD DEPOfTl

Agent for SALT LAKE CITY, for the Celebrated "I)PLEASANT ftpALLBY GOALll?

Office, First Door East of "^S^ Yard on Second South Street, two

Wasatch Drug: Store.

Blocks West of U. C. Ry.

"WIE SELL IBY C-A-IR/ LO-A_ID Ton or smaller quantity at Yard, or delivered to any part of the City.

FULL WEIGHT, CLEAN COAL and SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

Delivered by the Ton at $7.

Half Ton $3,50.

In quantities of Three Tons, and less than Car Loads, $6.50.

In Car Loads, at Mine Weight, $6.00 per Ton, delivered.

LARGE STOCK OF WOOD AND CHARCOAL, CONSTANTLY ON HAND.

ORDERS SOLICITED AND PROMPTLY FILLED.

BUT THE SCHUTTLER GEO.

^V. LOWE, O&DEN, UTAH, and. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A Large and Complete Assortment always on hand.

Dealer in all kinds of the AGENT FOR THE CELEBRATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling'\7\7"Ire sutlcL B'a.tent Bale TDIes.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pumps, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Llour Mill Machinery, Lederick Hoisting Engines.

Correspondence Solicited and Enquirers Promptly Answered,

SALT UKS GlTf, &MO, •&,.

3L;©-W33, 099SN, UTAH,

WULI

'A'j'X *.\i!,A \*>-l FALL (3 1 s-$nW LflKE CI1'Y.<- We invite attention to our \1Sl i 882 »/a p#^ gw)ff Cloaks from $4.00 upwards, ^•€*§€N©>-^ Dolmans from $5.00 upwards.

^iaiik%.

<> "Rt-AT mi VAKl-STV OF ^^^4^^^39 ^ffilt lip '^M,4»g % YEARS Prices from $2.25 up to $25.00.

"^^WB^ I BROTH

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol. IV.

DECEMBER, 1882.

No.

3.

GEORGE A.

SMITH.

FIRST MISSION.

On the ninth of July, 1834, President Joseph Smith, having organized the High Council of Zion, and attended several meetings of the Saints, commenced the return journey to Kirtland.

He was -accompanied by the following brethren:

Hyrum and William Smith, F. G. Williams, Orson Hyde, Wm.

E.

McLellin, Ezra Thayre, Lorenzo Booth, Martin Harris and son, Solomon Wilber Denton, Jedediah M.

Grant, Jenkins Salisbury, Almon W.

Babbit, Seth Johnson, Cyrus Smalling, Harvey Stanley and George A.

Smith.

The company had a couple of two-horse wagons, a one-horse buggy and an extra pair of horses.

Many curious and interesting incidents occurred on this journey, but we have not the space to record them, however, among the number might be mentioned the following, to show some of the difficulties and dangers which were of common occurrence.

The autobiography says:

"As soon as we rose, the green headed flies, which were in immense numbers, attacked the horses;

it was a curious fact that these flies would not bite the horses in the timber, but the moment we were on the prairie and the sun was up, they immediately attacked them.

They would kill a horse, if he were tied up, in about thirty minutes.

The way we saved our animals was, as soon as the flies commenced their attack, for two brethren to run along by the horses, one on each side, to whip the flies, until the brethren were tired out; then they fell behind and two more would take their place, and so on until all were tired out; the last man would then rush the thus lightened team to the timber, leaving the company scattered along to make their way in as rapidly as they could walk. On one occasion

I observed Ezra Thayre, a large fleshy man, behind me.

I waited for him; when he come up to me he dropped down upon the prairie, being overcome with the heat, and said he could travel no farther and was resolved to die there.

I continued to urge him along for three miles to a little log cabin, where we asked for some water, and were told they had none, and that there was none nearer than three miles; we asked for milk, vinegar or whisky, but they had none.

Ezra Thayre then said:

'Madam, have you anything in the world that is wet.'She thought a moment, and then replied, 'I believe I have a little buttermilk, though my cow has not been home for three months.'She then brought out a rusty old coffee pot and poured from it about a quart of buttermilk, which was blue and as sour as vinegar; we both partook of it and it saved Ezra's life. We then walked three miles to Mr. Payne's well, and it took several hours to allay my companion's thirst.""August 4th.—Orson Hyde, Lorenzo

Booth and myself arrived in Kirtland, having driven the horses that day fiftyseven miles; two of us walking at a time nearly the whole distance.

One of the animals, 'Old George,'was said to be twenty years old.

He was so badly spavined and so old that he sold in the spring, before we started on our journey, for sixteen dollars, and after traveling

GEORGE A. SMITH.

two thousand miles, arrived in Kirtland in tolerable condition.

"Joseph had arrived a few days before us.

He received us kindly.

I walked two and a half miles to my father's house;

as I reached the door, I heard him say, 'Let us pray.'I knelt down outside and joined in the family prayer, they not knowing I was there.

I truly felt to return thanks to my Heavenly Father for my preservation, and when I heard them pray earnestly for my return, I could but rejoice to think how soon their prayer would be answered.

A report had previously reached Kirtland that

I had died of the cholera, though my parents had not believed it."On the first of March, 1835, Brother George A. was ordained a Seventy, under the hands of Joseph Smith, Sen., Joseph Smith, Jr., and Sidney Rigdon, the latter being spokesman.

He was the junior member of the First Quorum of Seventies.

On the thirtieth of the following May, he was appointed to a mission to preach the Gospel in the East.

Elder Lyman Smith, a second cousin, and member of the same quorum, was his traveling companion.

Before starting on this first mission, Brother

George A. writes as follows:

"I called on my uncle, Father Joseph

Smith, and asked him if he had any advice to give me.

He replied, 'Yes.

Always go in at the little end of the horn, and you are sure to come out at the big;

but if you go in at the big end of the horn, you will be obliged to come out at the little.'I called to see cousin Joseph;

he gave me a Book of Mormon, shook hands with me and said:

'Preach short sermons, make short prayers and deliver your sermons with a prayerful heart.'This advice I have always denominated 'my collegiate education.'"June 5.—We traveled twenty miles, and put up with Daniel AHen for the sabbath, as we had sent an appointment to preach at his house in Montville, Geauga County, Ohio.

"June 6, Sunday.—We retired early to the woods and asked the Lord to give us something to say to enable us to p/each by the power of His Spirit, for we certainly felt our weakness. A small congregation assembled, filling Brother

Daniel Allen's house.

As Brother Lyman was the older, he agreed to preach first; he was a handsome looking man, six feet high and well proportioned, with beautiful dark hair.

He read the thirty-third chapter of Jeremiah, and prayed, gave out a hymn and sang, thenpreached five minutes.

Now came my turn;

it was an awful moment!

Suffice it to say I talked about fifteen minutes, and it seemed to me that I told everything I had ever heard taught by the Elders, and much that I never thought of before;

at least, I hinted at every principle which I understood, and bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Work, and sat down confused.

The people, however, seemed very well satisfied, and said that we had done firstrate for boys."During the following week, these brethren journeyed from place to place, seeking for an opportunity to preach and receiving such entertainment as the people would give them.

The insults of sectarian priests and hardened devotees of their churches were met and endured without complaint, and humble testimonies borne by the wayside and in such houses as were opened to them.

They reached Sparta, Penn., on Saturday, and arranged for a meeting in the schoolhouse next day.

"June 14, Sunday.—At the hour of meeting, the house was filled.

I opened by reading the twelfth chapter of first Corinthians.

I felt so much embarrassed that I wished I could turn myself into a grain of wheat and roll into a crevice in the floor; but I preached from the third chapter of Acts upon the restitution of all things.

The people were much pleased and said they liked short sermons.

They paid great attention.

"June 15.—We started and travelled thirty-three miles. We asked at sixteen houses, without being able to get anything to eat and were often insulted.

The road was so muddy that we had to walk most of the way over shoes in mud and water.

We crossed the line into the State of New York, and at the

GEORGE A, SMITH.

first house were made welcome, and were directed to Father Burdick's, three miles distant in Chatauqua County. We gave out an appointment for the next day, when Lyman Smith preached, and

I followed him and closed. We returned to try it again the following day, and I preached, but was so embarrassed I could not see the congregation;

it seemed as though a thick fog was before my eyes.

"In the morning we walked on, and at night we had much difficulty to get a place to stay, being refused twelve times, but finally found quarters at about eight o'clock, near Farmersville.

On the road from that place to Rushford, we were very particular to tell the people, where we asked for entertainment, our business as ministers of the Gospel, and the despised people we represented, for we were determined to stay with no person without they fully understood who we were, as we really felt that we had rather lay out of doors or go hungry than eat with a man who would not entertain a Latter-day Saint.

"June 26.—We arrived about noon at Caneadea township, when we gave out an appointment for five o'clock in the evening, and circulated it through the medium of the school children.

The school house was large and commodious.

Many came to hear, and among the rest a Universalist priest named John

Sanford.

He opposed us, and I answered him in his speeches, at the last of which he left the house in a rage. We then gave notice of two meetings the next Sabbath, one at Belfast and the other at the school house where we then were.

We thought we were doing well for the first debate.

It was my birthday, I being eighteen years old.

"On our way we called at several places for dinner and were refused.

At the home of Mr. Thatcher, near Andover corners, on asking for refreshment, they declared they had no bread and nothing cooked in the house, and were too busy to bake bread for us.

They afterwards reported that they had plenty of bread, but they would not give it to the Mormons.

About six weeks after this we preached in that neighborhood, and on passing by the house in company with Mr. Frederick Pendleton, who had heard them tell the circumstance of turning the Mormon preachers away empty, when they had bread enough, he exclaimed to a bystander: 'Thatcher's folks turned away the boys with the excuse that they had no bread when they had plenty, and God Almighty has sent a frost and destroyed all their corn, so they'll have no bread next year, sure enough (We being so young were known to that country by the name of the 'Mormon boys.') The fact was that a streak of frost, about a quarter of a mile wide, had completely killed all the corn and other grain on Thatcher's farm, leaving the rest of the neighborhood untouched.

"There was in Greenwood a small branch of the Church, built up by Elders

David Foot and Josiah Richardson, who resided there; we labored with them for some time.

We preached in Woodhall, Jasper, Canisteo, Addison, Andover and other places in the neighborhood. We preached in public and in private by the fireside, and baptized eight, notwithstanding we met with considerable opposition from a number of Methodists. The first persons I baptized were Joseph Lish and wife.

A Methodist preacher, named Bell, proffered to exchange my license for a Methodist Elder's license, declaring himself fully authorized by his brethren to do so;

after which I gave him a lesson on the difference between a minister of Jesus Christ and a servant of the devil preaching for lucre and popularity, which I presume he will remember in the day of the resurrection;

he took great pains, in connection with his brethren, to circulate false reports to injure us.

"We lived a considerable of our time with brothers John P. Barnard and Moses

Clawson, and were kindly entertained in the valley of the Canisteo River by Nathan Stephens and Mr.

Helmer, of Addison.

At Woodhall, Brother McMines and family were baptized, and several persons about the neighborhood were very hostile.

A

GEORGE A. SMITH.

young man named Rosier'was taken violently ill with fever, his friends sent for a doctor, who dosed him for some time with medicine, then gave him up to die; he being a member of the Church, sent for brother Lyman Smith and myself.

The rumor was immediately circulated in the neighborhood that the Mormon

Elders were going to heal him;

when we reached the house we found many of the neighbors had gathered together to see the miracle or ridicule our failure;

we had asked the Lord, in a secret place, to direct us;

when we entered the sick man's room, we bowed down on our knees and both of us prayed for his restoration.

We felt much oppressed by the spirit of the wicked people who filled the house. We then laid our hands upon him and rebuked the fever in the name of the Lord

Jesus Christ; he was immediately healed.

The people were astonished; some said the devil healed him, for the Lord did not do such things in our day; others said the young man was cheating the people and others said those boys understood magic."

Shortly after this, Brother George A.

was taken sick with fever and ague while at the house of Richard More, a member of the Church, who, not having faith enough to gather to Zion, had remained in Irelandville, N.Y. He was one of those "purity people"who believed that God would not suffer one of His servants to be disabled only as punishment for sins. He therefore constantly chided Brother George A. for his wickedness, and made it so uncomfortable for him that he proceeded upon his journey before he was restored, traveling twenty-seven miles to

Horseheads, where he met Elder Evan

M. Greene, at the house of Mr. Kent, his father-in-law.

Continuing their journey eastward, they reached Urbana.

"On entering the village in the evening, we called at the principal hotel and asked to remain all night, telling the landlord we were ministers of the Gospel, and traveling without purse or scrip.

We wished to preach to the people.

He said that he would keep anything in God

Almighty's world but a d d priest, for they were the d dest nuisances that were in the country;

it cost more to support the priests than it did our government; he would be d d to hell if he would have any such men about him on any terms.

I told him he was neither a gentleman nor republican, and that he was a disgrace to the mother that bore him; that his father would be ashamed of him, if he ever had one; that he neither possessed good breeding nor manners, nor the first elements of common decency.

He replied:

'I do not believe a man knows anything in the world only what nature teaches him.'I answered him by saying:

'I do not believe that nature has ever taught you the first principle, at least, it. has failed to teach you how to treat strangers.'He replied:

'Would you feel as well towards me if you lay in the streets to-night as if

I entertained you?'I asked: "What would nature teach you about that?''Walk into the parlor,'says he, 'gentlemen, you are welcome, if you had come an hour earlier, I would have had the school house full for you to preach in.'"I went to preach at the school house, near Verona village.

About forty came to meeting, but as there were no ladies present and but two candles in the room, it looked suspicious. When I had done preaching, I informed the congregation that I had no money and wished to stay with some gentleman all night.

When I dismissed the meeting the congregation gathered around me.

A tall gentleman—a ruling elder among the Presbyterians—said: 'I will entertain you, sir, over night, as a stranger, but understand me distinctly, I will not keep you as a religious teacher.''Thank you, sir,'said I;

'I do not wish to stay with you;

I wish to stay with a gentleman.'

Upon that a Methodist commenced to dispute with me about baptism by immersion.

A Presbyterian undertook to aid him in the argument; a close communion Baptist chimed in, and said they would all go to hell if they were not baptized.

A Universalist replied: 'Your hell is a humbug,'and began to chide the Baptist, Methodist and Presbyterian for believing in eternal damnation at all.

I was

GEORGE A. SMITH.

enjoying the scene, when I observed the

Presbyterian elder whispering to a good many in the room, and casting a glance at me, he blew out the only remaining light.

The party rushed for the door, but I quietly retired to the back part of the room and waited a few minutes.

As I passed out of the door, a Mr. Allen, a young man and stranger to me, said:

'Mr. Smith, they are all 'gone, will you go home and stay with me; they said you had slipped out of the house, but I watched and knew you had not, but I did not tell them.'"I visited the Verona Springs.

I called upon Mr. Joseph Warren the leader of a new society called 'Perfectionists,'who professed to be Jesus Christ's own brother, and said he could not sin, that he had not committed a sin for eighteen months.

He had been a Presbyterian minister, possessed a liberal education and large fortune. We preached the Gospel to him, but it was seed sown by the wayside.

"We commenced our return home traveling and preaching by the way, publicly and privately as we could get opportunity, enduring many a scoff from the people we were striving to benefit.

Near Montezuma we learned that Elders

Jedediah M. Grant and Harvey Stanley had been preaching in the neighborhood and had built up a branch on Sulivan's

Island as it was in our way we visited them and attended several meetings with them.

At one of these a Baptist deacon furnished a pop gun and ammunition, which he passed in through the window to a man, who fired pop gun wads of tow at me all the time I was preaching.

He was an excellent shot with a pop gun; the most of the wads hit me in the face;

I caught several of them in my hand.

Many of the audience were tickled, but some of them paid good attention.

I finished my discourse without noticing the insult.

"After encouraging the Saints and bearing testimony to the world, we left for Kirtland, to spend the winter in the School of the Prophets. My shoes which

Brother Brigham Young gave me when

I started on my mission, were worn out, and Brother Sherman Brown gave me another pair.

There had just been a flood which had destroyed many bridges in the country;

this subjected us to great annoyance in traveling and increased the distances we had to walk, but we continued preaching by the way till we reached Rushford, where we stopped with Brother Frazer Eaton and rested.

We walked ten miles the next morning and stopped for breakfast, accidentally, at the house of a Latter-day Saint, who recognized us as traveling Elders, and made us welcome.

My feet were very sore;

I had blisters on all my toes and one on the ball of each foot and one of my heels was a complete blister.

Brother William Tinney and Brother Murdock collected a congregation and we preached in the evening.

In the morning, I proposed to Lyman Smith to rest till my feet got well. He replied:

'I wish that little blister was on my heel, I could walk with it.'Being two years older than myself, I regarded him as my senior, and seeing his anxiety to get home, I told him if he would take all the money we both had and go directly to the Lake, it would be sufficient to pay his passage to Fairport, and in two days he would be at home, and I would wait till I got recruited, then I would preach my way home at my leisure; but he refused to separate from me, so

I picked up our trunk and said let us be walking.

The first tavern I came to I purchased half a pint of rum and poured it into my shoes;

this at first made my blisters smart, but soon relieved them of pain.

I repeated this application twice during the day, and traveled twenty-seven miles.

"In five days we were in Kirtland, making the distance of about one hundred and sixty miles, though Brother Lyman gave out, so that

I had to carry our trunk most of the time for the last three days.

I soon learned the secret of his hurry:

in two days after his arrival, he was married to my fair cousin, Clarissa Lyman, on the day he had promised previous to his starting on his mission.

My feet suffered so severely on this trip that all my toe nails, except two, came off.

We arrived home November 2, 1835, and

TERRITORIAL GO I ERNMENT.

was welcomed by President Joseph Smith, the Prophet. We had traveled on foot eighteen hundred and fifty miles, held seventy-five meetings and baptized eight persons and conversed with and bore testimony to everybody with whom we had an opportunity."It is related of Alexandre Dumas, that when at the San Carlo Theatre, in Naples, one evening, he entered into conversation with a stranger seated near him.

At the close of the performance, the stranger said, "I hope that we may have the pleasure of meeting again.

I am Alexandre Dumas.""O, indeed!"replied the celebrated novelist, with his gay laugh, "so am I."The stranger collapsed.

The smallest floweret preacheth while it stays, In that it crowns with fulness all its days, And waiteth not to know by any field, If life may yet some fairer portion yield,

Nor pineth that it was not born a rose But sweet by stubble or by greensward grows,

And unto places lying waste erewhile,

Gives all it hath—a little floweret's smile.

Geo. H. Coomer.

TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.

In the present situation of affairs in Utah, we are led to ask what is a Territory, and what are its obligations to the nation of which it forms a part?

That its people may be made subjects of any and every legislation that Congress deems fit to pass upon them, irrespective of the fundamental principles of law and justice, we deny.

To be sure, the Constitution of the United States declares that "Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United

States."But let us examine the history of nations, and the principles that have actuated them in the acquisition and control of their territories.

Mr. McCarthy, in reviewing the policy of the English government toward the

Canadas in 1838, most clearly defines their rights, and assumes to say in his criticism upon Lord Durham that no nation can maintain justice in and influence over its territories, without granting to those territories all the political rights enjoyed by the nation itself.

All the great powers of the earth, from the most ancient times, have furnished examples of their incapacity to govern the territories conquered by them, without extending to their subjects a certain equality of rights.

Compare the policy of Nebuchadnezzar with that of Cyrus, and it is clear that the former failed to establish the unity which the latter perpetuated.

Philip observed the inadequacy of the Spartans, the Athenians or the Thebans to consolidate the different Grecian states, when their local forms of government had been destroyed, and demonstrated that local self government belongs to every well-grounded republic.

Rome was taught the lesson only when her downfall was foreshadowed.

Her colonies had ever felt the injustice done by distinguishing only a certain class of Roman citizens.

A government may be compared in the relationship of its citizens to the family organization, in which distinction severs the ties of affection, which lie at the very foundation of its success.

The American colonies justly remonstrated against their mother country, and demanded only what they considered their inherent rights—the right to say that their governors should not be appointed from those whose minds were poisoned by prejudice, and who were ignorant of the real wants of the people the right to legislate for themselves; the right to control their public funds in short, the right to all that belonged to them as sovereign citizens of the nation.

For these principles our forefathers contended, fought and bled.

For the perpetuation of these principles they sought

MINERAL SPRINGS.

to establtsh a government that would protect, by its constitutional restrictions, the minority against any popular prejudice of the majority.

History has repeatedly pointed out the inability of a majority to justly govern when the minority has no representation;

and yet politicians are wont to declare that the people of Utah must submit to the so-called civilization of the age, because fifty millions of people say they are wrong.

Acknowledge this, and we fall back into the grinding tyrannies of an age of unmitigated darkness and cruelty.

Why, the inhabitants of Europe in the Middle Ages pronounced the Albigenses heretics, and as such burned their city and ruthlessly murdered its inhabitants.

But when the cloud of ungrounded prejudice passed from their horizon, and other generations were left to review the pages of their history, they were placed in the van of the standard bearers of the civilization of the age.

There was no appeal for this unfortunate people, for the majority had adjudged them corrupt.

Again, the very nation that now sets aside these fundamental principles of government, in her weaker days was the victim of a bigoted monarch and a tyrannical parliament.

Could the colonists say that the parliamentary acts or the edicts of the king were unlawful?

Dare they question the right of the king, who can do no wrong, or the authority of Parliament, which sought by legislation to place the colonists in harmony Avith the mother country?

Intellectual development and religious freedom demanded more humane treatment.

The colonists had not been contaminated or degraded by the evil influence of demagogues.

The purity and simplicity which characterized their private lives gave an impetus to a correspondingly pure and reliable government;

for, to use the language of Mr. Froude, in his sketch of Caesar:"Popular forms of government are possible only when individual men can govern their own lives on moral principles, and when duty is of more importance than pleasure, and justice than material expediency."How careful were those who sought to release the people from despotism to maintain local self-government in the States!

The States have ever been jealous of and watchful over their home rule against any aggression of Congress; but when it is conceded that the people of territories have no governmental powers except as granted by Congress, we acknowledge the absolute supremacy of Congress to legislate away from the people of the territories every political right that distinguishes the citizens of a free government from those of a monarchial despotism.

If territories may become States, may they not justly demand of Congress that form of government which will best fit and qualify them to become States?

At least, the doctrine of Mr. Douglas that the power of Congress to govern territories is to be found in the clause authorizing the admission of new States, seems the most consistent with the principles of free government.

J. M. Tanner.

MINERAL SPRINGS.

There are six or eight springs near the point of the mountain south of Salt

Lake City, and quite a number in Provo

Valley, which are attractive and interesting.

Those at the point of the mountain are situated about two miles and a half southwest of Draperville, a settlement twenty miles below Salt Lake City.

They are in the midst of a piece of low, marshy land, where a great deal of partly decomposed organic matter (impure peat) has accumulated.

Although they are not remarkable for the amount of solid substances they hold in solution, the Carbonate Spring, which is the principal one, is of considerable interest on account of the enormous quantity of carbonic acid gr.s it is constantly dis-

S8 MINERAL SPRINGS.

charging and the high temperature of its water.

The water of this spring comes from an easterly direction through a channel that apparently runs on a horizontal line into the gently sloping ground, and on reaching the surface, empties into a pond twenty or thirty feet wide and seventy-five or one hundred feet long.

An analysis of the water of this spring was made in April and May of the year 1882.

One thousand parts of water evaporated to dryness at a temperature of 332 Fahr. left a residue of one and six thousand five hundred and seventy-two ten-thousandths (1.6572) parts, composed of the following substanceswith their proportionate amounts:

Parts.

Soda, Potassa, Lime, Magnesia, Silica, Alumina and peroxide Chlorine, Carbonic acid gas, Sulphuric acid, Total,.

.

1.801 Less oxygen corresponding to chlorine,.

.

-I43 2 •545o.0667.

.1980.

•o459 of iron,.0051.

•6356.

.2COO •0549 Remainder,.

.

L65S5 Combining acids and bases gave:

Parts.

Chloride ofsodium, (common salt), 1.0285

Chloride of potassium,.0242 Sulphate of potassa,.

.0952 Sulphate of magnesia (epsom salt),.0167

Carbonate of lime (limestone), -3535 Carbonate of magnesia (magnesia alia),.

.

.

.084S Silica,.

.

.

.0505 Alumina and peroxide of iron,.0051 Total, 1.6585 The water is charged with a large quantity of free carbonic acid gas, and has a temperature of 150 Fahr.

It has a mineral taste and is quite free from suspended substances, although surrounded by plenty of partly decayed vegetable matter.

The springs other than the principle one are not of very great importance, yet one or two are quite copiously charged with carbonic acid gas, and have a temperature considerably above ioo° Fahr.

Along with these springs is a beautiful little lake, or large spring, covering about two acres and a half of land.

It is very deep and has a temperature of 72

Fahr.

According to a sounding made several years ago its depth in the centre is one hundred and eighty feet.

This body ot water now called Rockwell Lake affords a most delightful and exhilerating bath.

The water being tepid and perfectly clear is peculiarly agreeable to the bather.

The lake supplies the principal feature of an attractive resort, if improvements were made for the comfort and accommodation of visitors.

The proximity of so large and fine a mineral spring,containing medicinal properties, to Salt Lake City and its accessibility by two railroads, the Utah Central and Denver & Rio Grande, ought at no distant day to bring this valuable property to the notice of the citizens, who might be much benefited by resorting to its waters.

There was quite a romantic story current several years ago, when the U.

S.

troops were stationed at Camp Floyd, of a singular and fatal accident to one of the soldiers, who it was reported rode his horse into the Rockwell Lake and together with his animal sank to the bottom.

The springs in Provo Valley are in the northwest part of the valley near the village of Midway. Some of them are large and beautiful, containing water extremely clear and free from suspended matter.

The water in most cases being much overladen with substances held in solution through an excess of carbonic acid gas, has, in coming to the surface, constantly made deposits until quite large mounds have been constructed.

The water of the springs at the present time, in two or three cases, is about on a level with these mounds, overflowing and building them higher and broader.

The largest mound is probably fifty feet high, from two to three hundred feet in diameter at the base, and from seventy-five to one hundred

INDIAN SUMMER IN THE ALLEGHANIES.

feet across the top.

Notwithstanding the height of this structure, the water from the spring is still overflowing it.

From the spring to the brow of the mound the water runs in a small irregular channel, but on descending it spreads out over a large surface.

The spring is about ten feet in diameter and is of an r.

unfathomable depth.

Its walls are not smooth and perpendicular but very irregular, consisting of a succession of shelves of a crusty like nature, derived from the cementing character of the matter held in solution in the water.

Rising slowly but in large bubbles the carbonic acid gas is all the time passing off and preparing the water to free itself from some of the substances it contains.

The water is just warm enough to render it pleasant and agreeable for bathing; and although highly carbonated, it is palatable, tasting very much like ordinary cold water.

An analysis of the water in this or in any of the other springs of this region has not yet been made and, therefore, the substances it has in solution are not altogether known.

They are no doubt made up mostly of chlorides and carbonates of lime, magnesia and iron.

Along with the present existing springs are the remains of many that have long since become extinct.

Among these, one is known as the Rattle-snake cave, from the circumstance of its having been the home and headquarters of a prodigious number of those venomous reptiles.

It is said that the early inhabitants killed hundreds of these horrible snakes which infested not only this cavern or extinct spring but the country about it for considerable distance.

Remnants of the formations built by these ancient springs cover an area of about one fourth of a square mile.

Some of the ancient structures far surpass in size any of the mounds now in process of formation, or any of those in the tops of which springs are at the present time in existence. They are broken and rent asunder, presenting the appearance of earthquake work, and remind one, in two or three instances, of old castle ruins.

All the springs above mentioned might be called carbonated springs, a name frequently used in designating those charged with a considerable amount of free carbonic acid gas.

J.

T. Kingsbury.

INDIAN SUMMER IN THE ALLEGHANIES.

In autumn hues the landscape lies

All brilliant with its forest flame

Of crimson, gold and scarlet dyes,

And tints of ev'ry shade and name;

While in the deep blue vaulted dome

That spans above the naming green,

The massive piles of vapor roam

And cast their shadows o'er the scene.

In dreamy mystic hazy blue That bounds the vision ev'rywhere,

O'er mountains fading in the view,

And forests, fields and meadows fair,

So gently move the zephyrs by That scarce the maple leaves are blown,

As, whirling from their branches high,

They're falling one by one alone.

In silent languor lies the last

Autumnal days with summer wed,

And else the dropping of the mast

Upon its painted leafy bed No sound disturbs the quiet dream;

E'en bird and squirrel feel the spell,

And in their silent movements seem

But fairies of the wood and dell.

O bird, enjoy the dream to-day, And plume thy feathers smooth and true.

O squirrel, rest thee, rest I pray,

For there is yet a time to do.

No Oriental ever roves Within a sweeter scene of bliss,

No bower of Ceylon's spicy groves

E'er had a charm to equal this.

This dreamy haze no other land

Has ever seen or ever will, Where hazy blue the mountains stand, And lost in haze is ev'ry hill, And ev'ry valley laid between Is hidden in the hazy blue, That deepens o'er the distant scene

Till all is faded from the view.

Joseph L.

Tozvnsend.

go ETERNAL DURATION OE MATTER.

ETERNAL DURATION OF MATTER.

O stn, what hast thou done!

Thou hast hurled man from his blissful domain, and hast reduced him from a throne of power and dominion to a state of servitude, where, sunk in sorrow and misery, he groans out a wretched existence, which terminates in painful dissolution, and he mingles with his mother earth and is forgotten and lost amid the general ruin.

Thou hast converted a garden of delicious fruits and blooming flowers into a gloomy forest of thorns and thistles Thou hast transformed a world of life, joy and happiness into the abodes of wretchedness and misery, where sighing, groaning, tears and weeping are mingled in almost every cup By thee the earth has been filled with violence and oppression;

and man, moved by hatred, envy, avarice or ambition, has often embrued his hands in the blood of his fellow man, by which the fairest portions of the earth have beeh made desolate; the abodes of domestic happiness turned to sorrow and loneliness;

the happy wife and tender offspring have become widows and orphans; the bride has been left to mourn in irretrievable anguish, and the virgin to drop a silent tear over the ruined fragments of departed loveliness.

By thee the world has been deluged with a flood of waters, and unnumbered millions swept at once from the stage of action and mingled in the common ruin, unwept and unlamented save by the tears of heaven, or by the eight solitary inhabitants of the ark who alone escaped to tell the news.

By thy ravages'empires have fallen to ruin, and cities become heaps.

The fruitful plains of Shinar, and the splendid palaces of Babylon, have been doomed to perpetual waste and irretrievable desolation, never to be inhabited;

not even as a temporary residence for the wandering Arab.

(Isaiah xiii, 20.) By thee the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha, and the flourishing country about them, once extremely fertile, and watered as the Garden of Eden, have been desolated by fire, and overwhelmed by a sea of stagnant waters.

By thee the land of Edom, once a flourishing empire, possessing a productive and well cultivated soil, and everywhere adorned with flourishing villages and splendid cities, has become desolate, without inhabitants;

and the Lord has cast upon it the stones of emptiness, and the line of confusion.

It has lain waste from generation to generation, as a haunt for wild beasts of the desert, a court for owls, and a place for the cormorant and bittern.

On account of thee, the city of Jerusalem has long lain in ruins, the land of Judea is desolate, and their holy and beautiful house, where their fathers praised Jehovah, is burned with fire;

while the Jews have long remained in exile among the nations, in fulfilment of that awful imprecation, "His blood be upon us and our children."By thy power the once mighty empires of Greece and Rome have been shaken to the centre, and have fallen to rise no more; and before thy desolating blast, almost innumerable provinces lay in ruin. The waste deserts of burning sand—the sunken and stagnant lakes and miry swamps—-the innumerable rocky barrens and mountainous steeps—the desolate and dreary wastes of the polar regions;

these all present but so many monuments to thy memory—they speak in language not to be misunderstood, that sin has been there, with its dreadful train of curses, under which they groan in pain to be delivered.

The solid rocks have burst asunder at thy withering touch;

they have been rent in twain, and hurled from their firm foundations by thy mighty power:

and they lay scattered in broken fragments and ruined heaps as monuments of agonizing nature, and as a testimony of the heaving sighs, the convulsive quakings and dreadful groanings of the earth itself, while by wicked hands the great Messiah was slain.

And what shall I say more?

for the time would fail me to

ETERNAL DURATION OF MATTER.

enumerate the evils of intemperance, dissipation, debauchery, pride, luxury, idleness, extravagance, avarice and ambition, hatred and envy, priestcraft and persecution, with all their attendant train of troubles, miseries;

pains, diseases and deaths, which have all contributed to reduce mankind to a state of wretchedness and sorrow indescribable.

The noble and majestic features of manhood have often been transformed by these vices into the frightful and disgusting image of demoniac furies—the angelic beauties of earth's fairest daughters as often transformed by vice into objects of mingled pity and contempt:

but cease my soul, no longer dwell on these awful scenes; my heart is faint, my soul is sick, my spirit grieves within me, and mine eyes are suffused with tears while contemplating upon the scenes of wretchedness and misery which sin has produced in our world.

O misery, how hast thou triumphed!

O death, how many are thy victories! Thrones and dominions—principalities and powers—

kingdoms and empires have sunk beneath thine all conquering arm—their kings and their nobles, their princes and their lords—their orators and statesmen, beneath the blast of thy breath, have found one common grave.

The dignity of age, the playful innocence of youth, or the charms of beauty, cannot save from thy cruel grasp—thou hast swallowed up the nations as water, and thou art an hungered still; thou hast drunk rivers of blood, and hast bathed in oceans of tears, and thy thirst is still raging with unabating fury.

Whither ah! whither shall I turn for comfort?

In what secret chamber shall I hide myself to elude thy swift pursuit?

If I would heap up gold as dust, I cannot bribe thee.

If I would fortify my habitation with the munitions of rocks, thine arrows would pierce them as the spider's web, and find their way to my heart.

If I would soar on high as the eagle, or fly to the most secret haunts of the desert, or hide myself in the gloomy thicket with the solitary bird of night; or retire with the bat, to the inmost recesses of the cavern, yet thy footsteps would pursue me, and thy vigilance would search me out.

No'arguments of the wise—no talents of the eloquent can prevail with thee.

The tears of the widow, the cries of the fatherless, or the broken-hearted anguish of the lover cannot move thee to pity:

thou mockest at the groans and tears of humanity;

thou scornest the pure affections of love and tenderness;

and thou delightest to tear asunder the silken cords of conjugal affection, and all the tender ties of love and endearment which twine around the virtuous heart, and which serve to cement society and to administer joy and happiness in every department of life.

What mighty power shall check thy grand career, and set bounds o'er which thou canst not pass?

Whose mighty voice shall command, saying "thus far, no farther shalt thou go, and here let thy proud waves be stayed?"What almighty conqueror shall lead thee captive—shall burst thy chains—throw open the doors of thy gloomy cells, and set the unnumbered millions of thy prisoners free?

Who shall bind up the broken-hearted—comfort the mourners—dry the tears of sorrow—open the prison to them that are bound—set the captives free—make an end of sin and oppression—bring in everlasting righteousness—swallow up death in victory—restore creation to its primitive beauty, glory, excellence and perfection; "and destroy him who has the power of death—that is, the devil;

and deliver those who, through fear of death, were all their lifetime subject to bondage?"but hark:

On the plains of Judea, methinks

I hear The melting strains of the lonely shepherd's

Midnight song, as it echoes among the hills And vales, and dies away in the distance.

Its heavenly melody betokens A theme of joy such as the sons of earth

Have seldom heard—some heavenly theme, as if

The choirs of angels—mingling their music With the sons of earth, conspired to celebrate

Some new event—some jubilee of rest

Some grand release from servitude and woe.

But see—ah see! the opening heavens around Them shine; a glorious train of angels bright,

Ascending, fill the air:—it is indeed A more than mortal theme.

But hark again Methinks I understand the words—they

9 2 BR UNELLESCHI.

Celebrate the birth of king Messiah, The mighty prince who soon shall conquer death With all his legions, and reign triumphant

Over all, as King of kings, and Lord of lords.

Their chorus ends with peace on earth, good will

To men.

O monster death, I now behold Thy conqueror!

Jesus of Nazareth The Babe of Bethlehem—the Son of God.

He comes to earth, and takes upon Him flesh and blood—even the seed of

Abraham, and this for the express purpose of conquering sin and death, and restoring a lost and fallen world to its former perfection, that it may be capable of eternal life and happiness.

P. P. Pratt.

The basis of manners is self-reliance.

Men were created for the sake of men, that they might be mutually serviceable to each other in this we ought to follow nature as our guide, to bring our general benefits into the common stock, and by an interchange of good offices, by giving, by receiving, bind close the society of men with men.—Cicero.

BRUNELLESCHI.

In reading about art we often find something concerning a certain time which is called the Renaissance, and the art of that period bears the same name—the art of the Renaissance.

This is a word meaning a new birth or re-awakening, and in art it denotes the time when the darkness and ignorance of the Middle Ages was passing away, and men were arousing themselves and endeavoring to restore literature and art to the high places they had once occupied.

The artists who took the lead in this movement were a remarkable class of men, and merit remembrance and gratitude from all those of later times who have profited by their example.

Some authors call Filippo Brunelleschi, or Brunellesco, the "Father of the Art of the Renaissance."He was born in Florence in 1377, and died in 1446.

His mother was of a noble family, and on his father's side he had learned notaries and physicians for his ancestors.

Filippo's father desired that his son should bea physician, and directed his education with that end in view; but the boy had such a love of art and was so fond of the study of mechanics, that his father at length allowed him to learn the trade of a goldsmith, which trade was, in that day, more closely connected with what we call the fine arts than it is now.

Filippo made rapid progress, now that he was doing something that pleased him, and soon learned to excel in the setting of precious stones, and this, too, in exquisite designs drawn by himself.

He also made some beautiful figures in niello.

This art was so interesting that

I must describe it to you, especially because to it we owe the origin of engraving.

The niello-worker drew a design upon gold or silver, and cut it out with a sharp tool called a burin.

He then melted together some copper, silver, lead and sulphur, and when the composition was cool ground it to a powder.

He covered his drawing with this, and over it sprinkled some borax; he then placed it over a charcoal fire, and the powder and borax melted together and ran into the lines of the drawing.

When this was cool, the metal on which the drawing had been made was scraped and burnished, and the niello then had the effect of a drawing in black upon gold or silver.

Niello-work was known to the ancients, and there are very rare old specimens of it in some museums.

The discovery of the art of taking impressions on paper from these drawings on metal is ascribed to Maso Finiguerra, who flourished about the time when Brunelleschi died.

After Filippo had perfected himself as a goldsmith and niello-worker, he studied sculpture and executed some designs in bas-relief, but he was always deeply interested in such mathematical and me-

BR UNELLESCH1.

chanical pursuits as fitted him to be the great architect which he finally became.

He went to Rome with his friend Donatello, and there Filippo was untiring in his study of architecture, and made innumerable drawings from the beautiful objects of ancient art which he saw.

One day, when these two artists were digging among the ruins in the hope of finding some beautiful sculpture, they came upon a vase full of ancient coins, and from that time they were called "the treasure-seekers."They lived very poorly, and made the most of their small means, but even then they suffered many privations.

Donatello returned to Florence, but

Filippo Brunelleschi studied and struggled on, and there grew up in his heart a great desire to accomplish two things in his native city—to revive there a pure style of architecture, and to raise the dome upon the then unfinished cathedral.

He lived to see the realization of both these ambitious hopes.

The Cathedral of Florence is also called the Church of Santa Maria del Fiore, which means St. Mary of the Flower this may also be rendered St.

Mary of the Lily, and is better so, since the lily is the emblem of the Virgin Mary, the chief patron saint of Florence;

St. Reparata is another favorite Florentine saint, who, in pictures, holds in her hand a banner, on which is a lily.

The same device was on the red shield of the republic;

indeed, the very name of Florence is popularly believed to have had its origin in the abundance of its flowers, especially the lily known as the Iris Florentina, which grows wild in the fields and in the clefts of the old walls in various parts of the city.

In 1407 Brunelleschi returned to Florence, and soon after the superintendents of the works upon the cathedral listened to the plans of various architects for raising the dome.

Filippo proposed his views, but they were considered far too bold.

He made models in secret and convinced himself that he could accomplish the great work.

After a time he wearied of the waiting and returned to

Rome, always thinking and planning about the dome, the erection of which had now become the one passionate wish of his heart.

The struggle was long, and he suffered from the ignorance and indecision of the officials of Florence at length, in 1420, a call was made'for the architects of all countries to come with their plans, and, after many meetings and debates, the commission was finally given to Brunelleschi, thirteen wearisome years having passed since he had first asked for it.

At this meeting of architects, Filippo refused to show his models, and when he was criticised for this it is said that he proposed that, if any one present could make an egg stand upright on a smooth marble, he should be the builder of the dome.

The eggs were brought, and the others all tried in vain to make one stand.

At last Filippo took his egg, and, striking it a little blow upon the marble, left it standing there.

Then the others exclaimed that they could have done the same.

To this Filippo replied: "Yes, and you might also build a dome if you had seen my design!"[This story of the egg is also told of Columbus, but it doubtless originated as given above, as many Italian writers thus tell it, and, if true of Brunelleschi, the incident must have happened some fourteen years before Columbus was born.

The astronomer Toscanelli was a great admirer of Brunelleschi, and there is little doubt of his having told this story to Columbus.]

The story of the building of the dome is very interesting, but it is too long to be given here.

There were endless difficulties placed in Filippo's way, but he overcame them all and lived to see his work almost completed; only the outer coating was wanting at the time of his death.

It is the largest dome in the world.

The cross on the top of St.

Peter's at Rome is farther from the ground than is that above Santa Maria del Fiore, but the dome of the latter is larger than the dome of St. Peter's.

It was also the first dome that was raised upon a drum, as the upright part of a dome or cupola is called, and this fact alone entitles Filippo Brunelleschi to the great fame which has been his for more than four centuries.

BR UNELLESCHI.

He designed many other fine architectural works in and about Florence, among which are the church of San Lorenzo, that of Santo Spirito, some beautiful chapels for Santa Croce and other churches, the Hospital of the Innocents, and the Badia at Fiesolo.

That he had also a genius for secular architecture is proved by his having designed the famous Pitti Palace.

Its builder, Luca Pitti, was a very rich rival of the great Medici and Strozzi families, and he determined to erect a palace which should excel theirs in grandeur and magnificence.

This palace stands in the midst of the Boboli gardens, and was for a long time the residence of the sovereigns of Tuscany and Italy, but was given up by Victor Emmanuel when he removed to Rome and made that city the capital in 1870.

The visitor to the Pitti Palace has his interest and attention divided between the beauty of its surroundings, the splendor of the palace itself, and the magnificent treasures of art preserved there, the collection being now best known as the Pitti Gallery.

Filippo's enthusiasm for art made him willing to endure any amount of fatigue for the sake of viewing beautiful things.

One day he heard Donatello describe an ancient marble vase which he had seen in Cortona.

As Filippo listened he was possessed with the desire to see it, and quietly walked away, saying nothing of his intentions.

He went on. foot to Cortona, a distance of seventy-two miles, saw the vase and made accurate drawings from it, and was again in Florence before he was really missed by his friends, who supposed him to be busy with his inventions in his own room.

A very interesting story concerning himself and Donatello is that the latter received an order for a crucifix, carved from wood, for the church of Santa Croce, and when it was finished asked Brunelleschi's opinion of it.

Relying on their long friendship, Filippo frankly said that the figure of Christ was like that of a day-laborer, whereas that of the Savior should represent the greatest possible beauty.

Donatello was angry, and replied: "It is easier to criticise than to execute; do you take a piece of wood and make a better crucifix."Brunelleschi did this, and when he had completed his work invited Donatello to dine with him.

He left the crucifix in a conspicuous place in his house while the two went to the market to buy the dinner.

He gave the parcels to I Donatello and asked him to precede him, saying that he would soon be at home.

When Donatello entered and saw the crucifix, he was so overcome with admiration that he dropped eggs, cheese, and all on the floor, and stood before the carving as motionless as if made of wood himself.

When Brunelleschi came in he said, "What are we to do now?

You have spoiled all the dinner!""I have had dinner enough for to-day,"replied Donatello.

"You, perhaps, may dine with better appetite.

To you, I confess, belongs the power to carve the figure of Christ to me that of representing day-laborers."

This crucifix is now in the chapel of the Gondi in the Church of Santa Maria Novella, while that of Donatello is in the chapel of Saints Ludovico and Bartolommeo, in the Church of Santa Croce.

On the south side of the square which surrounds the cathedral, called the Piazza del Duomo, there is a modern statue of Brunelleschi.

He is represented as sitting with a plan of the great dome spread upon his knee, while his head is raised and he looks at the realization of his design as it rises above the cathedral.

He was buried beneath the dome.

His monument is the first in the southern aisle, where he was interred at the expense of the city.

A tablet in the wall bears his epitaph, and above it is his bust, made by his pupil, Buggiani.

St.

Nicholas.

Set or Sit.—Many of the agricultural journals are sorely troubled to know whether a hen sits or sets.

If some editor of dignity would set a hen on a nest, and the editors would let her sit, it would be well for the world.

Now a man, or woman either, can set a hen, although they cannot sit her; neither can they set on her, although the old hen

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

might sit on them by the hour if they would allow.

A man cannot set on the wash bench; but he could set the basin on it, and neither the basin nor the grammarians would object.

He could sit on a dog's tail, if the dog were willing, or he might set his foot on it.

But if he should set on the aforesaid tail, or sit his foot there, the grammarians as well as the dog would howl.

And yet, » strange as it may seem, the man might set the tail aside and then sit down, and neither be assailed by the dog nor the grammarians.

Men are often capable of greater things than they perform.

They are sent into the world with bills of credit, and seldom draw to their full extent.

Walpolc.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

BAPTISM.

Upon looking over the sacred pages of the Bible, searching into the prophecies and sayings of the apostles, we find no subject so nearly connected with salvation as that of baptism.

In the first place, however, let us understand that the word baptize is derived from the Greek verb baptiso, and means to immerse or overwhelm; and that sprinkle is from the

Greek verb rantiso, and means to scatter on by particles; then we can treat the subject as one inseparably connected with our eternal welfare;

and always bear in mind that it is one of the only methods by which we can obtain a remission of sins in this world, and be prepared to enter into the joys of our Lord in the world to come.

As it is well known that various opinions govern a large portion of the sectarian world as to this important ordinance of the Gospel, it may not be amiss to introduce the commissions and commands of Jesus himself on the subject.

He said to the Twelve, or rather eleven at the time: Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the

Holy Ghost:

teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you.

Thus it is recorded by Matthew.

In Mark, we have these important words:

Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.

He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned.

And to show how the believers are to be known from the unbelievers, He continues and says: And these signs shall follow them that believe:

in my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.

And in Luke we find the finishing clause like this: that it was necessary that Christ should die and rise the third day—that remission of sins should be preached in His name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. And ye are witnesses of these things.

We will now examine the witnesses.

As it will be recollected, they were to wait at Jerusalem till they were endowed with power from on high and then go and teach all nations whatsoever the Lord had commanded them.

As Peter held the keys of the kingdom, we will examine him first.

Now on the day of Pentecost, when there was a marvelous display of the gifts, according to the promise in Mark, many were pricked in the heart, and said unto Peter, and to the rest of the apostles: Men and brethren, what shall we do?

Peter said unto them: Repent, and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, etc.

Here one of the witnesses says in so many words, repent and be baptized.

And we are of the opinion that Peter, having been taught by the Lord, and commissioned by the

Lord, and endowed by the Lord, would be about as correct a counsellor, or am-

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

bassador, as we or they could inquire of to know the right way to enter into the kingdom.

Again, Luke, in his record of the Acts of the Apostles, says:

And it came to pass, that while Apollos was at Corinth,

Paul, having passed through the upper coasts, came to Ephesus;

and finding certain disciples, he said unto them:

Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?

And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

And he said unto them, Unto what, then, were ye baptized?

And they said, Unto John's baptism.

Then said Paul: John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, That they should believe on Him which should come after him, that is on Christ Jesus. When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the

Holy Ghost came on them;

and they spake with tongues and prophesied.

From the above witnesses, we are informed that baptism was the essential point on which they could receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

It seems from the reasoning above that some sectarian

Jew had been baptizing like John, but had forgotten to inform them that there was one to follow by the name of Jesus 1 Christ, to baptize with fire and the Holy

Ghost, which showed these converts that their first baptism was illegal, and when they heard this, they were gladly baptized, and after hands were laid on them, they received the gifts, according to promise, and spake with tongues and prophesied.

We do not calculate, in this short dissertation^ bring in the immense reasoning and quotations that might be adduced to show that the ancients, who were actually the fathers of the church in the different ages, when the church flourished on the earth, according to the pattern of having apostles and prophets, etc., for the work of the ministry and the perfecting of the Saints—were initiated into the kingdom by baptism, for it is self-evident in the scripture—God changes not.

The apostle says the Gospel is the power of God unto salvation unto them that believe; and also informs us that life and immortality were brought to light through the Gospel;

that the scripture, as Paul said to the Galatians, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the Gospel unto Abraham: saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.

Now, taking it for granted that the scriptures say what they mean, and mean what they say, we have sufficient grounds to go on and prove from the Bible that the Gospel has always been the same; the ordinances, to fulfil its requirements, the same; and the officers to officiate, the same;

and the signs and fruits resulting from the promises, the same: therefore, as Noah was a preacher of righteousness, he must have been baptized and ordained to the Priesthood by the laying on of the hands, etc.

For no man taketh this honor upon himself except he be called of God as was Aaron, and Aaron was baptized in the cloud and in the sea, together with all Israel, as is related by the Apostle in Corinthians.

This position or fact is witnessed in this manner: the covenant of circumcision made with Abraham, and practiced steadily up to the departing of Israel out of Egypt, was abandoned in the wilderness forty years—and renewed by Joshua after he passed over

Jordan, and encamped at Gilgal, where he made sharp knives and circumcised the whole male portion of the church.

Circumcision was merely a sign of the

Priesthood given to Abraham, according to the words of Jesus to Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:

The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God:

for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.

Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old?

can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?

Tesus answered, Verily, verily, I

SERMONS AND WRITINGS OF THE PROPHETS.

say unto thee, except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

This strong and positive answer of Jesus, as to water baptism, settles the question.

If God is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever, it is no wonder he is so positive in the great declaration: He that believes and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believes not shall be damned There was no other name given under heaven, nor no other ordinance admitted, whereby men could be saved.

No wonder the apostle said, being "buried with him in baptism, ye shall rise from the dead!"No wonder Paul had to arise and be baptized and wash away his sins!

No wonder the angel told good old Cornelius that he must send for Peter to learn how to be saved!

Peter could baptize, and angels could not, so long as there were legal officers in the flesh holding the keys of the kingdom, or the authority of the Priesthood.

There is one evidence still further on this point, and that is, that Jesus himself, when He appeared to Paul on his way to Damascus, did not inform him how he could be saved.

He had set in the church, firstly apostles, and secondly prophets, for the work of the ministry, perfecting of the Saints etc.; and as the grand rule of heaven was that nothing should ever be done on earth without revealing the secret to His servants the prophets, agreeably to Amos iii, 7, so Paul could not learn so much from the Lord relative to his duty in the common salvation of man, as he could from one of Christ's ambassadors called with the same heavenly calling of the Lord, and endowed with the same power from on high—so that what they loosed on earth should be loosed in heaven; and what they bound on earth should be bound in heaven.

He, the Lord, being a priest forever, after the order of Melchisedek, and the anointed

Son of God, from before the foundation of the world, and they the begotten sons of Jesus through the Gospel, to teach all nations and to, I am with you always to the end of the zvorld—that is, by the other comforter which the world cannot receive, for ye are the witnesses, having the testimony of Jesus, which is the spirit of prophecy.

From what has already been introduced as testimony to prove that no man can be saved without baptism, it will be seen and acknowledged that if there was sin among men, repentance was as necessary at one time or age of the world as at another—and that other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is

Jesus Christ.

If, then, Able was a righteous man, he had to become so by keeping the commandments;

if Enoch was righteous enough to come into the presence of God, and walk with Him, he must have become so by keeping His commandments; and so of every righteous person, whether it was Noah, a preacher of righteousness; Abraham, the father of the faithful; Jacob, the prevailer with God; Moses, the man who wrote of

Christ, and brought forth the law by commandment, as a schoolmaster, to bring men to Christ, or whether it was Jesus Christ himself, who had no need of repentance, having done no sin; according to His solemn declaration to John:

now let me be baptized; for no man can enter the kingdom without obeying this ordinance:

FOR THUS IT BECOMETH US to fulfil ALL RIGHTEOUSNESS.

Surely, then, if it became John and Jesus

Christ, the Savior, to fulfil all righteousness to be baptized—so surely, then, it will become every other person that seeks the kingdom of heaven to go and do likewise: for He is the door, and if any person climbs up any other way, the same is a thief and a robber.

In the former ages of the world, before the Savior came in the flesh, "the Saints"were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ to come, because there never was any other name whereby men could be save d;

and after He came in the flesh and was crucified, then the- Saints were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, crucified, risen from the dead and ascended into heaven, that they might be buried in baptism like Him, and be raised in glory like Him, that as there was but one Lord, one faith, one baptism and one God and Father of us all, even so there was but one door to the mansions of bliss.

Amen.

9 8 TRUE CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S DAY.

TRUE CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S DAY.

For many centuries it has been customary to celebrate the twenty-fifth day of December, as Christmas day, or the day on which Christ was born into the world.

It was a custom, however, long before Christ was born, to celebrate the first day of each year, commonly called New Year's day.

Among the ancient Romans, on that day, various sacrifices were offered up to the god Janus, and presents were made among the people to each other.

The first day of the Jewish month Tishri, the first month of the civil year, the supposed day on which Adam was created, was celebrated with great ceremony.

The early Christians celebrated the first of January, a day which was generally considered to correspond with the feast of the circumcision, being eight days after the birth of the Savior.

Later, the Druids in ancient Britain were wont to assemble about their temples and offer sacrifices to the devil on the first day of the year.

In the seventh century, Henry III, and still later, Queen Elizabeth, were very exacting in requiring their subjects to make them presents on that day, as a part of the celebration of the occasion.

The following extract from instructions given to Abbot Meletus in the year 601, who was then going into Britain, will show the probable origin of the British custom of feasting upon New Year's day:

"The temples of the gods should not be destroyed, but the idols only that are in them.

Let holy water be sprinkled in the said temples, and altars erected and relics replaced.

For if those temples are well built, it is requisite that they be converted from the worship of the devils to the service of the true God.

And because they have been used to slaughter many oxen in the sacrifice to the devils, some solemnity must be exchanged for them on this account.

They may build themselves huts of boughs of trees about the churches which have been turned to that use from temples, and celebrate the solemnity of the religious feastings, and o more offer beasts to the devil, but kill cattle to the praise of God, and in their eating, return thanks to the giver of all things for their sustenance."Thus we see it was the object of the universal Roman church to change the customs of the heathen by introducing ideas of Christianity, which was duly accomplished to a great extent in the course of time.

But to return.

The present so called Christian era, from its manner of reckoning the birth of Christ as its commencement, for we say anno domini, or in the year of our Lord 1S82 or otherwise as the case might be, indicates that Christ was born on the first day of the first year ol the Christian era, or in other words, on January 1st, in the year one.

Why then is it that the twenty-fifth of December, is celebrated as His birthday?

We will now endeavor to answer that question.

In the sixth century, a Romish monk named Dionysius Exiguus, a man of considerable reputation, gave out to the world that Christ was born on the twenty-fifth of December, just-five hundred and thirtytwo years previously, a conclusion totally unsupported by evidence, as was positively demonstrated in later years.

Sometime after the sixth century, when this idle imagination was proven false, the word vulgar was applied to our present era. This silly surmising of the Monk

Dionysius was, however, accepted as correct by the Roman church, and the twenty-fifth day of December thereafter was and has since been generally regarded as the day upon which Christ was born, the opinions and very definite conclusions of chronologists to the contrary notwithstanding.

The date of the crucifixion of the Savior can be more definitely determined.

Notwithstanding some chronoligists place the date at sometime in March, the great majority fix it on the sixth of April, which corresponds to the ancient Jewish month, Abib, now called Nisan, which was the day of the passover, spoken of by the evangelist John.

(Smith's die, vol.

ii, page 719;

vol.

i, p.

1067.) But another query arises:

Is it just eighteen

TRUE CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S DAY.

hundred and eighty-two years since the birth of Christ?

Much contrariety of opinion exists upon this subject.

For instance, witness the following table of chronological differences concerning the correct date of our present, the Christian or vulgar era:

Birth of Christ.

Chronologists.

B. C.

i yr.

Pearson and Hug.

B. C. 2 yrs.

Schaliger.

B C x vrs Baronius, Calvisius, Sus- 'a \ kind and Paulus.

B.C. 4 yrs.

Lamey, Bengel Anger, Wieselerand Greswell.

B. C. 5 yrs.

Usher and Petavius.

B. C. 7 yrs.

Ideler and Sanclemente.

The late Professor Orson Pratt in writing upon this subject, stated that "there is certainly much substantial evidence to prove that the vulgar, now in common use, is three years too little."Conceding that the calculations of Baronius, Calvisius, Suskind and Paulus are correct, then our date would be 1885 instead of 1882. We might here remark that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized just eighteen hundred years after the crucifixion of the

Savior, which, as we will hereafter show, occurred in his thirty-third year. Adding the thirty-three years to eighteen hundred, and we have the true era date of the organization of the Church, viz: A.D.

1833.

The era, however, being three years too late, it is tertned A.D. 1830.

Let us now consider the exact age of Christ when He was crucified, calling to our aid the Book of Mormon.

We are told that as a sign of the birth of Christ to the Nephites, there should be one night in which there should be no darkness; that is, there should be continuous light for thirty-six hours, and on the day following the night without darkness, the Savior should come into the world.

Accordingly, the sign was given and^the

Nephites began to reckon from that time, the day on which it was promised that Christ should be born being the first day of the first month of the first year.

Book of Mormon, p. 479- v - 8 - According to their chronology, we are enabled to ascertain the exact age of the Savior at His crucifixion.

The sign of the crucifixion was prophesied to be the prevalence of great earthquakes, accompanied by other great calamities, and followed by three days of darkness.

The date of the beginning of the tempest is given exactly in the Nephite record (Book of Mormon, p.

495, v. 5) in the following language: "And it came to pass in the thirty and fourth year, in the first month, in the fourth day of the month, there arose a great storm,"etc. Thus we see by the Nephite reckonings, thirty-three full years and three full days of the thirty-fourth year had passed away, and the fourth day had just begun when the darkness commenced. A Jewish day begins at six o'clock in the morning, hence, it was after that time with the Nephites when Jesus expired on the cross.

But from another standpoint:

The crucifixion commenced at Jerusalem at noon and ended about three o'clock, Jerusalem time.

Mark, xv, 35"37Jt will be borne in mind that there is a difference of about one hundred and ten or one hundred and twenty degrees in the longitude of the two localities—Jerusalem and the place where the Nephites were then located, just southeast of the

Panama Isthmus, in South America, and consequently, there would be a corresponding difference in the time of the two places.

Calculating fifteen degrees to the hour, there would be about seven and one-half hours difference in the time of the two places, and as the Nephites were west of Jerusalem, the sign of the crucifixion would occur earlier than at Jerusalem. Hence, if the crucifixion commenced at the sixth hour, or about twelve o'clock noon, and ended at the ninth hour or three o'clock in the afternoon, as described by St. Mark, the corresponding hours with the Nephites would be from about half-past four to half-past seven in the morning, at which latter hour the darkness commenced, lasting three days.

(Book of Mormon, p. 496 -) The two records written by men unknown to each other, separated by thousands of miles, harmonize in the minutest details.

A°-ain. We have no doubt that the

TOO

ON SLEEPING WITH SNAKES.

Nephites computed their years in the same manner that the Egyptians did, namely, each year having exactly three hundred and sixty-five days, adding thirteen days at the expiration of each fifty-two years, or at the rate of one day to every four years, corresponding to our leap-year.

It is worthy of comment that when America was discovered, the Mexican

Indians reckoned their time after this manner. (See Lord Kingsborough's "Mexican Antiquities.") The Nephite calendar being conducted on this plan, the thirty-three years in question were undoubtedly of a uniform length of three hundred and sixty-five days each, or in all, equal to twelve thousand and forty-five days, and adding the three days to the thirty-fourth year, equal twelve thousand and forty-eight days as the total length of the life of Christ.

Reducing this number to years of three hundred and sixty-five and one-quarter days each, we have thirty-two years and three hundred and sixty days as the age of the Savior.

We have already stated that the day of the passover corresponding to the sixth of April (or the Jewish month Nisan) had been generally agreed upon as the date of the crucifixion.

We have just seen that at His death the Savior was just thirty-two years and three hundred and sixty days old, or thirty-three years all but five days.

Subtracting thirtytwo years and three hundred and sixty days from April 6th, and we have

April nth as the date of the birth of Christ, or had the Savior lived five days longer, He would have been crucified on His birthday at the age of thirty-three years.

To summarize:

Jesus our Lord and Savior, was born, according to these calculations, on

Friday afternoon, Jerusalem local time, the eleventh of April, and was crucified on the sixth day of April, A.D. 32, five days before His thirty-third birthday, which made Him exactly thirtytwo years and three hundred and sixty days old when He was crucified. Therefore, the eleventh of April, 1882, is in reality, the true Christmas and New Year's day of the true era 1885.

As before stated, the Church was organized exactly eighteen hundred years from the date of the crucifixion of

Christ, which time was set by revelation for April sixth, 1830, vulgar era, which is the same as April 6th, 1833 of the true era.

Edzvard E. Brain.

The world has a million roosts for a man, but only one nest.

Unbounded modesty is nothing more than unavowed vanity; the too humble obeisance is sometimes a disguised impertinence.—Talleyrand, ON SLEEPING WITH SNAKES.

Ipsi laetitia voces ad sidera jactant

Intonsi montes: ipsaejam carmina rupes.

Virg. Eel. j,6j.

The mountain-tops unshorn, the rocks rejoice.

Dryden.

Have yon ever taken a jaunt through the mountains in the early part of summer?

Say "an out"for a couple of weeks, fishing, hunting, climbing, or sitting listlessly by the noisy waters?

If you have not, if your life has been passed behind a counter, or pouring over, accounts in some musty office;

if instead of inhaling the wild breezes of the hills you have breathed onlv the dull, lifeless atmosphere of your city, then what

I have to say is your life has been abused.

You have seen, not its clear, but its murky side.

You are like the potato vine that has grown in a dark cellar: of a sudden and vigorous growth, indeed, but pale and of short continuance.

Oh, the freedom and freshness of mountain life When only to breathe the morning air is a delight! When your senses become not local ideas, but part of the earth, the clouds and the landscape When rapture encircles you like an atmosphere, brightening your heart as the sun brightens the hills.

Every

ON SLEEPING WITH SNAKES.

joyful chord of your life is struck with gladness, bringing the vivacity of youth—the tones of love, to heart and voice.

How often have I reveled in the solitude and grandeur of our native mountains, making the rocks and caves ring to the ebullitions of my heart.

How often have I "Slowly traced the forests shady scene,

Where things that own not man's dominion dwell, And mortal foot has ne'er or rarely been."And I have never done so in vain:

something, never thought of before, has been added to my knowledge; something of nature's ways—her quiet, her pensiveness, her sublimity has been given to my experience, and heart, mind and kindly susceptibilities have been improved.

But it was not to write a rhapsody upon travel, or mountains, or solitude, that I took up my pen, but to relate an incident that happened to me while enjoying one of those peregrinations before mentioned.

It was six years ago, and in the beautiful month of July.

A party of us, all young men, were passing through Blacksmith's Fork Canyon on our way to Bear Lake Valley and Soda

Springs.

All day the sun had poured his beams upon the narrow, winding road, the overarching willows, the foaming river, and the mountains, rising like gigantic fortifications on either side.

All day his fiery rays had scorched our faces, ears and backs, only when, peradventure, we halted for a few minutes in the birch or willow arbors that fringed the roadway;

until now, as we entered a small oval, formed by the receding mountains, his face was suddenly lost behind a projecting spur, around which the road trended.

Here it was decided to camp for the night, and the wagon being drawn to a little eminence that commanded a view of the whole opening, the horses were unhitched, and that hurry and bustle so dependent upon camp life, suddenly commenced.

One devoted his attention to the team, which being unharnessed, was hobbled and turned up the mountain side.

Another busied himself in preparation for supper, being voted the best cook in our company.

One gathered and broke sticks wherewith to build a fire. Another penetrated to a cold spring close by, and became "water carrier."Your humble servant took stock in all these departments, making himself "generally useful."Have you ever noticed how sudden the change is from daylight to dark, among the mountains? We had scarcely thrown ourselves upon the buffalo robes before our camp fire, when the sunlight faded from the mountain tops, and a heavy gloom spread over the little valley.

A cold wind immediately swept through the canyon, which soon gave place to mellower breezes from the pines. We sat silent for some time, watching the changes from gloaming to night.

In a few minutes, here and there a star appeared, trembling above the mountain, and in less time than one could note it, the whole heavens were "Bespangled with those isles of light,

So wildly, spiritually bright."

The moon had not yet risen, but in the east a paling had begun, giving tothat portion of the sky a melancholy, ethereal aspect.

Behind us were the mountains, grim and frowning; on our right, the river, with its dark underbrush, and an occasional pine hanging upon its brink;

in front lay the little valley, stretching darkly away into the gloom where to-morrow's journey lay. Scarcely a sound broke the monotony of this scene. Occasionally a night bird whirred overhead with a strange, rushing noise that made the silence deepen more intensely afterward.

The roaring of the river came up dull, and as though far off, making a ground upon which more dissimilar noises could be distinctly heard.

But over all there was a spirit of solitude—of intense solemnity—that produced a sensation of humility and veneration approaching fear.

After supper, our beds were spread between two clumps of shrubbery, around which the wheat grass grew tall and luxuriant.

It was not without some misgivings as to the near proximity of reptiles that I threw myself weariedly

ON.SLEEPING WITH SNAKES.

upon the dusty quilts;

in fact, before doing so, I had beat the bushes and grass in our vicinity for the purpose of driving them out, if any were near.

I have always been morbidly afraid of every species of reptile; even the sight of a frog or toad makes me shudder, and I have a greater abhorrence of snakes and those crawling, sliding things, that dwell near water, than I have of any wild animal whatsoever.

Several times during the first hour of rest, my ear fancied it could detect the slow, sliding motion of a snake beneath my pillow.

Once, indeed, I sprang up and removed the clothes, confident that one was there;

but as the night advanced and my mind became composed, I sank into a deep, blissful sleep, disturbed only by what Coleridge would call # "psychological curiosity."This was of so peculiar a nature, that I shall relate its occurrence as nearly as possible.

I imagined myself awake and out of my body, which lay motionless on the bed beneath.

I was possessed of a curiosity to look among the roots of the adjoining bushes, in quest of snakes, whose presence, though invisible,

I could distinctly feel.

My eyesight seemed so penetrating, that looking upon the ground as I moved, I could see innumerable little holes and cavities, in which, bright eyes, and sometimes moving bodies could be seen.

Presently, as I advanced towards a dead maple,

I saw a large serpent, with gleaming eyes and poisonous aspect, appear from the base of a bunch of grass, and glide rapidly towards the spot where our beds were made.

It was followed by another of still larger proportions, the sight of which caused me such agony that

I felt almost dead with fear.

"A change came o'er the spirit of my dream."Without having the power to utter a word or make a movement I now became conscious that I was lying in bed, and that something was pressing upon and moving about me.

It touched my feet, my legs and body, much as we see a dog touch and smell anything it has found, but with a far more horrifying effect.

Possessing no power of volition, I felt its clammy flesh upon my body, and shivered—a deathly, fearful shiver that chilled me to the heart.

I realized that a snake was in my bed—that it was gliding slowly but surely over my breast, and would soon be upon my face;

yet, though I tried to struggle—to scream out, my efforts were powerless.

At last, when it seemed that the serpent's breath was upon my neck, and its forked tongue about to dart upon me, I gave a loud shriek, and bounded madly to my feet.

For an instant my whole desire was to fly as far as possible from the detestable spot; but my companions, half terrified, were now around me, and realizing at once the cause of my fright, caught and restrained me.

The moon had risen, and by its pale light, two or three dark objects were seen gliding from the place where

I had so lately lain.

F one of the best marksmen with a pistol, in the Territory, shot two ofthem as they were passing from the quilts into the grass.

Upon examination, they proved to be rattlesnakes, each with eight or ten rattles.

At sight of them, I could not sufficiently express my gratitude for so wonderful a deliverance.

Tired as we were, no one felt disposed to return again to bed.

More branches were thrown upon the dying fire, and during the remainder of the night, we sat discussing the singular freak of mind which pervaded this adventure.

My esteemed friend R maintained that I had not been asleep, but in a state of semisomnolency, during the continuance of which, my fear of snakes had intensified my powers of mind, and rendered more acute the organs of sight and hearing.

S.coincided with the latter part of this exposition, but held that I had been asleep and dreaming.

The others gave it as their opinion, that it was like Lord Dundreary's grammar, "One of those things that no fellah can find out."For myself, I have no explanation of the phenomenon.

I cannot understand it.

Can you?

"The morn, with russet mantle clad, was walking over the dews of the eastern hills,"when we resumed our journey

WEDDINGS.

northward.

The birds sang, the waters murmured, and the fresh air of heaven soon drove all thoughts of the terrible adventure from my mind.

Beppo.

Retrospect.—How delightful it is thus to strengthen within us the golden threads that unite our sympathies with the past—to fill up, as it were, the blanks of existence with those we love!

How sweet are these dreams of home in a foreign land!

How calmly across life's stormy sea blooms that little world of affection, like those Hesperian isles where eternal summer reigns, and the olive blossoms all the year round, and honey distills from the hollow oak!

Truly, the love of home is interwoven with all that is pure and deep and lasting in earthly affection.

Let us wander where we may, the heart looks back with secret longing to the parental roof; there the scattered rays of affection concentrate.

Time may enfeeble them, distance overshadow them, and the storms of life obstruct them for a season;

but they will at length break through the cloud and glow and burn and brighten around the peaceful threshold of home.—Longfellow.

Cunning iz a weak imitashun of wisdom, and is liable at enny time to merge into fraud.

Josh Billings.

WEDDINGS.

It can never be out of place to mark the growth of social habits, for from these it may be determined with some accuracy whether a community is simply moved by impulse or fashion, imitators of others, or really building up, as the result of understood principles, those customs which exhibit devotion to something more permanent than the whims and kaleidoscopic moods of society.

The Contributor is no doubt read by most of the young people of both sexes in this Territory, and the topic about to be presented is one in which they are all interested, and in which they will, it is to be hoped, sooner or later take each one the most prominent part.

It may probably suggest itself at once that marriage is the matter aimed at, for the Latter-day Saints are a marrying people: bachelorhood and aged maidenhood are not popular here, and so every one may fairly look forward to married life as a life to be experienced and enjoyed.

While this may be untalked of elsewhere, here there is no occasion to taboo this question, or to misconstrue a desire for marriage, inasmuch as instinct and desire are sustained both by religious theory and understood revelation.

Marriage is here considered a divine institution, reaching in influence and fact beyond this probation, and claiming in this way more thought and more order in its ceremonial and spirit, than is needed where its duties and responsibilities are bounded by men's conceptions of it as a simple civil contract, as something to be dissolved or destroyed at the instance of fancy, of convenience, of incompatibility of temper, of desire for change, or other sensual or mental action or caprice, which mainly indicates either lack of self-restraint or unmanly avoidance of responsibility.

Those who look upon marriage as a serious thing—as a momentous step in two unopened lives, would have no taste for frivolity, for vulgar comment, for ostentatious display, or for that wide publicity which fashion demands, and under the glamour of which there is far too often hidden a foreboding of the future, and an unwillingness to look ahead, hoping, probably, that all will turn out right, but dreading really a fate, which reflection would often show must inevitably be one of disappointment, misery, sorrow and death.

Since the outside world encroached (if it may be so expressed) upon this peaceful Territory, a good deal of the primi-

io4 WEDDINGS.

tive simplicity of its first settlers has vanished away, and many marriages now are colored in method and spirit by influences more or less foreign to the religion and calling of the Saints.

All can read of grand weddings, of the magnificent trousseau of the bride, of the elegant repast provided, of the display of presents, etc., of music and wine, and flowers and style; then the reception is noted, costume and dress and fashion is commented upon, as if the simple rite and duty needed all this fuss and feathers to smother its real character, or make more attractive that which in itself should be linked with divinity and love, its outward and highest manifestation;

and it is not unlikely that often the parties most concerned are most impatient of this outward glitter, and would prefer the quiet of family reunion and pleasant chat to all the handshaking and congratulations, and show and feasting of the hosts who gather at our stylish weddings.

A marriage of late date seemed to embody some of those delicate features which gave promise of desirable change in this respect;

it was an unstudied revolt against the dictum of encroaching fashion.

The bridegroom, a young man of good parentage (Latter-day Saints);

the bride the same.

The father of each;

as is befitting, were present; members of the immediate families was there, of course;

a couple of personal old-time friends; one associate of the young man and one of the young lady. A quiet, plain supper; no wines or liquors; then an hour of chat, a piece or two on the organ, a little singing, two or three short speeches, embodying personal experience under similar circumstances, some good counsel, a father's blessing, then benediction and early separation, left an impression which gave food for thought many a time since then.

There was no vulgar charivari, no equally vulgar parade, no loose talk or suggestive innuendo; the bride was simply attired, there was no sweeping train, no orange blossoms, no presents exhibited and none would have been received;

there was simplicity, sobriety, peace, good behavior, respect for virtue, modesty and purity, honor to the parents, honor to the young couple, honor to the marriage covenant with its solemnity and significance, honor to the Priesthood and honor to God.

Ah!

surely such a marriage must turn out well, if the spirit of that occasion is sustained through life; surely the angels note with joy so serene and appreciative a celebration, when they might turn with regrets from the glare of grander ceremonial devoid of heart and culture and inspiration, such as the Gospel alone can give.

Not long ago, inquiring of an old friend as to his feelings, he replied that he had had a marriage in his family, and that to conform with the prevailing mode, to satisfy the pressure of his family^ and to give his daughter a good "send off,"he had overreached himself, and for a long time was unable to overcome the consequent embarrassment.

Oh, when will Israel learn, and when shall even her wealthy members abstain from giving such examples as tinge with ineffectual mimicry and imitation those who can ill afford, and who, while reluctantly following, would, from a sense of "the best,"prefer to copy in a wiser direction?

These strictures do not come from any distaste for enjoyment; they do not come either from paltry consideration of cost, or lack of desire to make the most of those great social changes which come into every man's family, when from his hearthstone his sons and daughters lead out in the assumption of sacred duty and indispensable responsibility;

but most see this growing evil, this thirst for display, this increasing rivalry, and in some cases this selfish spirit which proclaims a sacred festival for the value of the contribution which it implies, and which with ostentatious vulgarity tells of the aggregation of presents, and half insultingly presumes that invitation declined implies parsimony, or that invitation accepted without a present is evidence of stinginess, and that friendship is best measured by competitive gifts and to be judged by the dollars and cents expended, sometimes unwillingly, oftentimes contrary to ability and alwavs

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

I05 unsatisfactorily, because out of harmony with the true spirit of marriage and the order of the Gospel.

Nor need it be thought that kinship and friendship cannot be shown by some little token to a young couple commencing life for themselves;

it is the ostentation which is evil, the expectancy, the criticism which is evoked, the competition which is involved, and the whole innovation of glare and glitter which is Babylonish in its character and fatal to the sacred thoughts and lessons and spirit which it is so desirable to cultivate and extend.

Now the remedy is in the hands of the

Saints, and particularly in the hands of the young people.

It is expected that they will marry, and it is right that they should;

and those who take this step are to be congratulated, if it is taken in the right zuay.

Having made a wise choice (as all desiring to be Latter-day Saints should do), they will have the approbation of their presiding authorities, for they will be only too proud to recommend, so that the sons and daughters of Israel may be married in the right way and in the right place—that is, in the sacred places and under the authority of the Priesthood.

Our families should never allow themselves to question this authority, to doubt its legality or seek to strengthen its ceremonial by the assistance of any civil authority so-called; no justice of the peace, no judge of earthly courts, no sectarian minister can make a bond more binding than that which has been already ratified by God's authority and before the holy angels in the sacred places of the church of God, and no other authority can make binding, save for time, this holy covenant between man and wife.

Let our youth avoid all joking upon so sacred and delicate a subject;

let them treat with gravity the institution which God ordained;

let them sanctify themselves for its duties and its responsibilities by faith and prayer, then let. their home be the abode of peace and dignity, of affection and holy trust, learning to ''bear each other's burthens and to fulfil the law of Christ."Celebrate the occasion without rudeness, and frown down all drinking, carousing and boisterous rejoicing.

When in your own little nest, select and invite to call upon and visit you those you may desire, always preferring the reputable, the well behaved, the

God-fearing and truth-loving of your neighborhood or settlement; then having begun well, you may end well;

but a poor beginning gives no promise of that happiness which should spring from married life in this world and in the world to come.

//.

W. Naisbitt.

Compliment is the high road to the heart of woman.

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

KIRTLAND.

On the line of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad, and only a few hours'ride east from Cleveland, is the now well known station of Mentor.

You could scarcely give the name oftown to this rambling discollection of farm houses.

Previous to the candidacy of General Garfield, the village was far less popularly known than the crafty preceptor of the son of Ulysses,from whom it derived its name.

But as soon as the Chicago Convention turned in hopeless desperation from those presidential candidates whose strength was their weakness, to the "dark horse,"to whom none could object, and nominated the distinguished warrior and statesmen, who was subsequently elected to the Executive Chair and to assassination—Mentor became one of the busiest stations on a busy road, for it was the home of General Garfield but it again relapsed to its former Sabbath-like stillness, was once more given over to the "way "train and ignored by the high-toned through express, when its boasted citizen took his triumphal march to Washington.

And

io6 IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

so we found it—quiet and spread out, with a store by the station, the chapel up the country nearly a mile, and the Garfield residence still farther away.

Since we had left Buffalo on a through train, we found it necessary to get off at

Painesville, where it was possible to take a train, in the course of an hour, which would stop at Mentor.

It occurs to me that I have neglected to explain the importance of Mentor in the subject I am dealing with.

It is situated but three miles from Kirtland, and is nearer to that historic place than any other point on the railroad—hence its present importance.

It also affords livery accommodations, providing you have not been anticipated, as my friend and I, by a party who had secured the livery team to go out to the "mountain"which eminence a careful scouring of the surrounding country failed to discover;

in fact, it would seem highly amusing to a denizen of the Rocky Mountains, that any elevation in that vicinity should receive even the far less imposing name of "hill."The conclusion reached, after a fruitless search for this "mountain,"which parties come forth out of Cleveland to go up into, was tnat there must exist some deep ravine, some gaping chasm, from the bottom of which the impinging banks would "loom up "to perhaps the mighty vastness of one hundred and fifty feet; to the bewilderment and lifelong ecstacy of the awestruck Clevelander.

Such was the train of thoughts suggested as the country surrounding Mentor was viewed;

however, as our journey came towards its end at Kirtland, we found elevations which in much consistency could be called mountains by the prairie dwellers.

Since the livery stable had been emptied and Hobson's choice left only those ever useful horses of my childhood's days "shank's ponies"—we took them (they were at least cheap), hoping to replace them in the heart of the village, near the chapel, where there seemed to be a cluster of five or six houses.

The walk was not objectionable for the ground was just right and the lane was pleasant.

After various inquiries we found our man—the owner of a horse, which, as his owner said, had but one gait—that we afterwards found to be a very composed cross between a walk and something faster, from which it was impossible to persuade him in the interests of progression.

The same gentleman found us a buggy, directed us to Kirtland, and we went off rejoicing, leaving him to return to his temporary avocation of carriage painting—for he was the general artizan of the surrounding country.

Before leaving, we enquired as to the

Garfield place, to which he directed us with a remark that he "knew the General's face as well as old 'Balls'(the mare), and many 's the time I've shook his hand when he's been down here to get some work done."This place, soon reached, was found to be a very pleasant and even pretentious house, upon which

Mrs. Garfield was then having some additions made, and a very large number of barns and various outhouses.

An air of comfort and thrift pervaded the place, and but one glance sufficed to convince us that the President had loved his rura 1 home and viewed his coming days there with pleasure.

An elderly gentleman working in the garden was found to be the father of Mrs. Garfield.

Soon after getting under way again, the steeple of the Temple appeared, its elevated point raised clear of the trees and forests of the neighborhood, furnishing a landmark toward which we directed our journey through the sinuous lanes.

Reaching the edge of a bluff, which formed one bank of the basin of a considerable stream, we found displayed before us on the opposite side the now feeble village of Kirtland, with its Temple 'removed from the edge of the bluff some two hundred feet.

The road led down the long decline, then ran along a narrow strip of meadow land, across the deep and low running stream, up the hill, past the blacksmith shop and store, and over the creek to the Temple.

Our first care was to ascertain who kept the keys of the building; we were told to apply to an old lady just north of the

Temple, who would either have them in

IN THE WAKE OF THE CHURCH.

her possession or would be'able to tell us regarding them. We found her; she informed us that a couple of Elders ("reorganized Elders ") had been there a day or so before, and had gone off with the keys—the door keys, I mean; the other keys, those to the doors of eternal truth, were taken from the Kirtland Temple forty-five years before.

Upon asking for some of the old inhabitants, we were directed to the residence of a Mr. Bond, a Latter-day Saint, I believe, in the days of the Prophet.

The door was opened by a small person, whom nature had dealt unkindly by she had never possessed, as most women, a form to attract the attention of the opposite sex.

She was born deformed, and Time, the great destroyer, had but increased the crookedness of her shape and written, with his caustic finger, the bitter tale of a life of desolation and poverty.

Ill health had made its inroads upon her, and by means of the attenuated fingers and blanched cheeks, you could guess at sleepless nights and restless days of pain.

Stamped upon her countenance was the impress of her mind—cold, for what had she experienced but coldness?

cynical, for had Christian charity about her proven a balm for a broken life?

It was no surprise, then, to hear Miss Bond, for such was the name of this poor woman, exclaim that existence was a soulless, empty void, the sooner terminated the better; nor to hear her doubt God and impugn the efficacy of religion.

Turning from the daughter, we introduced ourselves to the father—an aged man of eighty-four years, now reduced from his usual condition of approximate helplessness to utter inability to move, by a severe attack of rheumatism.

It was hard work to converse with the old veteran, for time had deadened the nerves of his ears and rendered husky a perhaps at one time musical voice.

He lamented his inability to work; the gardening time had come, his family depended upon his feeble efforts, and now he found himself a crippled sufferer and confined to the house.

He remembered many of the prominent men of the old days, and was particularly well acquainted with President Young and Brother Woodruff.

During our conversation we were interrupted by a voice from an adjoining room;

it proved to be the mother, who had spoken to correct a statement of her husband, and who afterwards requested to see us, since we came from Utah.

Unhappy family This time-worn woman was totally blind.

I cannot describe the gloomy feelings which settled upon us by reason of the sight of a family so stricken.

God does indeed distribute his favors unequally in this world, and to a believer in eternal justice, Lamartine remarked, there is no greater proof of the existence of God than that death sees so many accounts unbalanced.

Turning from this home of desolation, we sought the various points of interest pointed out by the Bonds.

Finally we directed ourselves toward the spot once occupied by the house of President Young.

It now forms part of a meadow, and there is no vestige of a building remaining, except a slight unevenness of the ground, where perhaps the foundation had been placed.

The writer, desirous of securing some relic connected with the house which once stood on the spot, seeing it was the birthplace of his father, succeeded in finding some pieces of colored crockery, which, when showed to the late Mary Ann Angell Young a few weeks before her death, recalled to her mind a set of ware once possessed by her in those former days.

A farm house on the road leading down into the bed of the stream below the hill was pointed out to us as the former residence of the Prophet Joseph.

It is in a good state of preservation. We broke off a small twig of an evergreen tree growing near the fence in front, as a souvenir.

Unfortunately, the aforementioned re-organized Elders had gone oft with the keys of the Temple, which of course was the chief object of our visit, and so our curiosity was confined to the exterior and such partial views of the interior as could be obtained through the windows, from the top of each oth-

io3 SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

er's shoulders. We found the interior preserved in much the same order as described to us by veteran Saints, and saw above, on the ceiling of the main room, the wires along which the curtains used to slide.

The lower one of the three pulpits at the west end was strangely decorated with a few of the paraphernalia of a Protestant church, and held an open Bible.

The building is in poor repair; much of the interior wood work has been taken away for fire wood, and the sashes contain more broken than undamaged panes of glass.

Paint it has not seen for a generation at least.

Its chief glory is of course in the past, and to a Latter-day Saint the brightness of that glory was sufficient to cause it even now to shine with its retained splendor.

Our impression was that the town had run down greatly it now contains tens where, in the early part of the third decade of this century, it numbered its hundreds. A walk through the cemetery discovered names familiar in the early history of the Church; but they were as a rule dimly painted on pine boards, into which the teeth of time had gnawed, to the end of making many of their inscriptions illegible.

A ride back through this pleasant country—for it is such—afforded us many opportunities to conjecture whether such an old farm or schoolhouse was a relic of the Mormon days.

Mentor again reached, we boarded the next train for the West and for Nauvoo.

Cleveland, where we found it conven- i ient to spend the greater part of a day, was interesting in its Lake View Cemetery, where lie the remains and where is to be erected the monument of the lamented Garfield, with its grassy slopes and wooded spots, its lakes and bridges;

why, I am surprised that such a final resting place does not render suicides more popular here.

Cleveland was also interesting to us in its truly magnificent Euclid Avenue, said to be one of the finest streets of residences in the world and without an equal in America—palaces and extensive grounds for four miles Richard W. Young.

He is not dead whose glorious mind

Lifts thine on high.

To live in hearts we leave behind Is not to die.

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

THE FALLING AWAY.

"Let no man deceive you by any means for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first."—2 Thess., ii, 3.

"Coming events cast their shadows before "was exemplified by the conduct of the "churches "under the care and guidance of the Apostle Paul, from A.

D. 54 to A. D. 60; and so marked were their "vain babblings and contentions,"that the Apostle was necessitated "stirring up "the "Gift of God "within him, to warn them of the impending dissolution that would surely terminate the "working of the Mystery of Iniquity "that was then manifest in their midst.

The Gospel net had been cast, and there were gathered together many who, though they had been "baptized by one

Spirit into one body,"still possessed the more dominant proclivities of the nation, sect or party from which they had been drawn, and the carnality of their nature was soon made manifest by doubts and surmises, which eventually gave way to dogmas dangerous to the church's weal and although they were repeatedly warned, "by letter "and oral censure, from those whose right it was to correct, they profited little, and the culmination of their waywardness was that "damnable heresies "crept into the churches and supplanted the "true doctrine of Christ;"and while they enjoyed the watchcare of the Apostles, who would "exhort, rebuke, censure, etc., with all longsufferingand meekness,"they were kept from the fate that seemed inevitable, and of which the Apostles had so often warned

SIGNS OF CHRIST'S COMING.

them, and foretold would come to pass.

The elements of division and discord had been freely sown and widely diffused, and the apostasy of Hymeneus, Philetus, Alexander, etc., was calculated to produce an effect among the weakly ones, disastrous to their personal wellbeing and the perpetuity of the Church on the earth. The Sadducean heterodoxy in the Church at Corinth (1 Cor., xv, 12), and the Pharisaic looking and longing for the "power and deliverance"of the

Messiah, which was freely indulged in by the Thessalonians (2 Thess., ii, 2, 3), are examples of the "strong delusion"that should wage war with their belief and culminate in a departure from their "first love,"an alienation from the commonwealth of Israel, and a denial of the "Lord that bought them."This state of affairs, though local at first, soon spread, until the "churches of

Asia,"the only surviving representatives of the "body of Christ,"became the especial objects of the Master's censure (Rev.

ii), and although the opportunity was offered them to "repent and do their first works,"they gradually succumbed to the enticing influence of the Nicolaitanes, the vain philosophies of the Essenes, and the more corrupt doctrines of the various schools of philosophy—into whose Pagan maelstrom the nation was slowly but surely drifting.

This working of the "Mystery of Iniquity "in the church, and the external pressure brought to bear upon the faith and integrity of its devotees, was calling for all the fortitude the more devout could muster, and although they, through faith, had trials of cruel mockings and scourgings, of bonds and imprisonments, were stoned, were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins, destitute, afflicted, tormented wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in caves of the earth, the church held tenaciously to its faith and practices during the ten bloody persecutions from

Nero to Diocletian.

In the reign of the latter, so fatal was the last persecution, which lasted for years, that the tyrants who waged it boasted that they had extinguished the Christian name; and writers of undisputed authority agree that not a vestige of Christianity was to be found on the earth.

To show the power of the beast who should "wear out the Saints of the Most

High,"we will quote from a letter of Pliny, the younger, while governor of Bithynia to the Emperor Trajan, stating his practices with regard to the "disciples of Christ.""This has been my method,"said he, "with regard to those who were brought before me as Christians;

I asked them if they were Christians, and if they pleaded guilty I interrogated them twice afresh, with a menace of capital punishment.

In case of obstinate perseverance I ordered them to be executed.

For of this I had no doubt—whatever was the nature of their religion, that a sullen and inflexible obstinacy called for the vengeance of the magistrate."If this was the method practiced by the philosophic Pliny, whose character for benevolence and justice is one of the most unexceptionable that Pagan antiquity can furnish, and acquiesced in by the Emperor Trajan, who is described as a mild and excellent sovereign, what must have been the condition of those Christians who were made the objects of especial hatred by the monster

Nero and the inhuman Domitian, ending with the combined cruelties of Diocletian, Maximinian, Galerius andConstantinus;

they were crucified, they were impaled, they were thrown to wild beasts, they were publicly whipped till their bones and sinews appeared, they had their flesh torn off with pincers, they were consumed by a slow fire, and they suffered death in various other modes equally appalling and dreadful.

The genius of man was exhausted in the invention of tortures, and the time was near at hand when the "remnant of the seed of the woman,"which keep the commandments of God and have the "testimony of Jesus,"subdued and worn out with suffering, would disappear from among men.

The woman enrobed in solar beauty, bereft of her stellar adornments, and so closely pursued by the "dragon,"was compelled to "flee into

no JOHN BUNYAN.

her place, that she might be nourished for a time, times and half a time,"while the serpent made war with the remnant of her seed; her situation was gradually usurped by the dragon (Rev.

xiii, 2), who "made war with the Saints and prevailed against them.'

Christianity gradually merged into paganism, which in turn gave rise to various sects, prominent among which were the Gnostics, Corinthians and Arians, whose Pagan philosophy was the cause of much dispute, and resulted in the famous "Council of Nice,"assembled by order of Emperor Constantine, A.

D.

325, to settle the controversy that had gained prominence between Arius, a "Presbyter of Alexandria,"and Althanasius.

The result of this Council was made manifest in the publication of a "Creed"antagonistic to truth, establishing priestcraft, sanctioning heresy, and giving birth to that "scarlot-robed harlot,"who, fostered by the famous "edict,"should stalk unrestrained through the land, and eventually "make all nations drunk with the wine of the wrath of her fornication;"kings revered her;

kingdoms, under her interdict, were reduced to vassalage; and power was given her over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations, thus fulfilling the prophecies of the servants of God, and literally verifying the Apocalypse.

We have here examined briefly the first leaf of "the fig tree"that put forth in fulfilment of the Savior's prediction, and the Apostle Paul's prophecy to the church of Thessalonica, to open their eyes to the fact that the moving cause of the "great apostacy"was already work"ing in their midst, and to warn them that the time was near at hand when "some should departfrom the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron;"also when men should be "lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, having a form of Godliness, but denying the power thereof."Thus the "mother of harlots,""conceived in sin and brought forth in iniquity,"has reared her throne and estabished her dominion, "and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her;"and her numerous progeny, true to their heritage, have reveled in wickedness and corruption till the earth groans and travails in pain, and awaits the dawn of a new era (the second leaf on the "fig tree") which shall bring deliverance to the "royal blood of Israel,"who, through long ages of darkness, have looked and longed for that day when "mercy and truth should meet,"and righteousness and peace kiss each other, and the earth be delivered from the curse of the great apostasy.

Robert S. Spenee.

Men are more like the times in which they live than they are like their fathers.

—Kalif Alee.

JOHN BUNYAN.

If we read history with a discerning, meditative mind, we shall certainly discover that the Lord has never left Himself without a witness upon the earth some one has been gifted with a prophetic spirit, and has received revelations in an especial manner.

In reading the life of John Bunyan, it appears to me that he was certainly one of these favored witnesses;

every circumstance therein was singular and remarkable to my mind, there was in his boyish days, something of a resemblance to the youth of the Prophet Joseph Smith, by the way in which his mind was exercised.

From his youth he was a remarkable being, and displayed the finger of God upon him;

he was of very humble

JOHN BUNVAN.

Ill parentage, and his occupation, one of the most inferior; he spent but a short time at school, and what little he learned, he says, he "soon forgot."As a boy he was wild and reckless, and strange to tell, "a profane swearer."In his general habits he resembled other boys of his age, but differed vastly from them in having a conscience morbidly acute, and an imagination that held a terrible dominion over him.

Voices reproached him in his dreams for his bad habits, of which swearing seems to have been the most predominant;

in conduct, he was never immoral but remorse would seize upon him to a degree that he wished he had not been born Approaching manhood, he had a sickness almost unto death, and on two occasions he was saved from drowning as by a miracle;

but his crowning mercy occurred while he was serving as a soldier in the

Parliamentary army; being drawn for the seige of Leicester, a companion volunteered in his stead, and shortly after the substitute, while acting as sentry, was shot through the head with a musket ball.

These many remarkable escapes made a powerful impression on Bunyan 's mind, and threw a deeper terror into his dreams, and lent a sharper remorse to his waking thoughts.

At this time, he married a young woman who had been reared in a pious family; her sole marriage portion were several religious books, which he read with so much profit, that he determined to reform his evil habits, and declared he heard a voice from heaven reproving him, and looking up, beheld with the eyes of his understanding, the Lord Jesus looking down reprovingly upon him About a month after, while arising, and swearing, he was sharply rebuked by a woman who heard him, herself not of the highest character for morality.

This rebuke coming from such a source touched him keenly, and he again resolved to give up this dreadful habit, which had often caused him so much remorseful sorrow, and from that time did so with an ease that somewhat astonished himself.

His reformation proceeded rapidly; he gave up every habit that he felt was sinful;

he had never been licentious, and hence his improvement was less difficult.

One day while walking in the streets of

Bedford, he overheard three or four women conversing on the state of their religious sentiments, as they sat before their door in the sunshine.

To Bunyan their language was new, they talked of how they had been "born again,"and how the

Lord had visited their souls in mercy, and how the Holy Spirit had sanctified them.

His own words were "they spake with such pleasantness of Scripture, and with such apparent grace in all they said, that they were to me, as if I had found a new world, as if they were a people who dwelt alone, and were apart from their neighbors."He approached them, and made himself known, and found they were members of the Baptist congregation.

From this time he turned his attention to the study of the Scriptures, and his progress and reformation were rapid.

He often had visions and heard voices speaking to him, sometimes in reproach, sometimes encouraging him.

After a time he became an itinerant preacher, and drew large congregations around him in the open streets.

At last Mr.

Gifford, who had presided over the Baptist congregation, died, and a year after, at a congregational meeting, it was agreed that the brethren to whom the gift had been given should address the people, for mutual edification.

Among others Bunyan was selected for this duty;

and with much modesty and trembling he entered upon his office.

He gradually acquired confidence, and was finally appointed to wander through the surrounding villages as an itinerant preacher.

He was eminently successful, and crowds came to hear him.

From that wonderful fancy of his, he could draw illustrations from surrounding objects, and his own fiery experiences would break out here and there, and astound and subdue his hearers.

But his great success awakened dissatisfaction in many quarters, and some declared he ought to be put into prison.

This in time they actually accomplished.

In 1657 he was arrested at

JOHN BUNYAN.

a private religious meeting and committed to Bedford jail; he was accused of not attending church, and divine service, and as an upholder of unlawful meetings to the destruction of the good subjects of the kingdom.

Bunyan would not promise that he would abstain from preaching, and he was returned to prison, and there he was left for twelve years.

His jailor, however, was a humane man, and he was often let out on a "ticket of leave,"when he would join the brethren at the Baptist meetings, and preach to them.

On one occasion he unwisely went to London, and it being discovered, the hand of authority descended on the poor jailor, and Bunyan's confinement became more strict.

Here he composed his "Dream,"he was no longer solitary, his narrow cell became to him as a king's chamber The silence of the day and night was broken by instruments and voices of heavenly music.

Bunyan's mind was a kingdom, but of its splendor and extent he was ignorant, until once the prison key was turned upon him.

No doubt he endured hardships in jail, but with the "Pilgrim's Progress"on hand, one finds it hard to pity him.

He was no longer solitary;

the friendly jailor waited on him, angels also attended him.

He heard the conversations of Christian and Faithful while they journeyed.

The Shepherds talked with him upon the pleasant mountains.

The splendor of the Celestial City was apparent afar off.

He gave audience to •the noblest company; and the walls of his prison house were wonderful landscape transparencies.

After twelve years he was released on the recommendation of the Bishop of Lincoln, and other churchmen.

The congregation to which he was attached, chose him as their pastor, and built a new meeting house for him where he preached to large congregations.

When he preached in London, his intention to do so was advertised, very much as Mr. Spurgeon is at the present day.

As a preacher he was popular; three thousand persons usually assembled on Sundays, and not less than twelve hundred on week days and dark winter evenings.

Bunyan was a voluminous writer;

his name is immortal in English literature.

His "Grace Abounding"is one of the most striking of autobiographies.

The subject—that of a human soul struggling towards light and peace, often beaten back, yet at the last victorious—

is of the deepest interest to the psychologist and the Christian, and the style has the particularity of Defoe.

The "Holy War"again is an admirable work of its class, and would be, as Lord Macaulay observes, "The best allegorical performance in the language, if the 'Pilgrim's Progress'had never been written."Of course it is on the last named that Bunyan's fame rests.

On its first publication, it made no great stir, but in a very short time it became popular.

Edition after edition was called for and eagerly devoured.

It irradiated the rude lives of the Christians of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries;

it soon began to be printed upon better paper and adorned with plates, and finally it has.

taken its place in the elegant libraries of the rich as well as on the shelf of the cottage, and Bunyan, whose name Cowper said he was afraid to mention lest he should be laughed at, is regarded by this critical age as one of the greatest natural geniuses of the world.

His "Dream"has been edited by a poet laureate, and his biography has been written by the greatest of our English historians,

Lord Macauley, who has written: "We are not afraid to say, that though there were many clever men in England during the latter half of the seventeenth century, there were but two great creative minds, one of these produced the 'Paradise Lost,'the other the 'Pilgrim's Progress.'Hannah T. King.

Presence of Mind.—A great diplomatist, who had spent many years in the service of his country, with more than common opportunities for forming a correctjudgment, once declared that, among all the remarkable men with whom he had been acquainted, he never met above one or two who possessed presence of mind.

Presence of mind is the maintenance of the judgment under

SMALL BEGLNNINGS.

circumstances of panic or emergency which call for immediate action.

That the faculty of doing the right thing at the right moment is entirely independent of merely animal, or, as it may be called, constitutional courage, is shown by its occasional manifestation by those in whom the latter quality is largely tempered with discretion.

Jones, of Nayland, asserts, indeed, that the truest courage is always mixed with circumspection; while Addison points out that the courage which grows simply from the constitution very often forsakes a man just at the moment when he has occasion for it.

Napoleon also refers to this distinction when he says:

"I have very rarely met with the two-o'clock-in-themorning courage.

I mean unprepared courage; that which is necessary on an unexpected occasion, and which, in spite of the most unforeseen events, leaves full freedom of judgment and decision."As wit pierces the ordinary current of conversation, so does presence of mind, in the form of a flash of ratiocination, illuminate a catastrophe or panic.

The phrases, "having your wits about you"and "not losing your head,"which are the ordinary vernacular equivalents for presence of mind, show, in fact, this exceptional quality to be essentially wit in action.

There is an old tradition which recounts how, when William the Conqueror landed for the first time on English soil, he slipped and fell on his face.

Divining by some swift intuition that his followers might regard this as an ill omen, he rose with each hand full of earth, and exclaimed, "Thus do I take possession of England I grasp it with both hands."To this readiness the quality of wit can hardly be denied; but it was practical wit as well, and is therefore properly regarded as one of the typical instances of presence of mind.

At the bottom of a good deal of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice.

Men will face powder and steel because they cannot face public opinion.—Chapin.

SMALL BEGINNINGS.

A traveler through a dusty road strewed acorns on the lea;

And one took root and sprouted up, and grew into a tree.

Love sought its shade at evening-time, to breathe its early vows,

And age was pleased, in heats of noon, to bask beneath its boughs;

The dormouse loved its dangling twigs, the birds sweet music bore;

It stood a glory in its place, a blessing evermore.

A little spring had lost its way amid the grass and fern,

A passing stranger scooped a well where weary men might turn.

He walled it in, and hung with care a ladle at the brink;

He thought not of the deed he did, but judged that toil might drink.

He passed again, and lo!

the well by summers never dried,

Had cooled ten thousand parching tongues, and saved a life beside.

A dreamer dropped a random thought;

'twas old, and yet 'twas new A simple fancy of the brain, but strong in being true.

It shone upon a genial mind, and lo!

its light became A lamp of life, a beacon ray, a monitory flame.

The thought was small, its issue great;

a watchfire on the hill, It shed its radiance far adown, and cheers the valley still!

A nameless man, amid a crowd that thronged the daily mart,

Let fall a word of hope and love, unstudied, from the heart;

A whisper on the tumult thrown—a transitory breath

It raised a brother from the dust;

it saved a soul from death.

O germ! O fount! O word of love! O thought at random cast Ye were but little at the first, but mighty at the last.—Charles Mackay.

ii 4 EDITORIAL.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

i Salt Lake City, December, 1882.

SPIRIT MEMORIES.

We yield our editorial columns to the following extract from a letter written by President Joseph F. Smith to Elder O. F. Whitney, now in England on a mission.

It contains some of the choicest thoughts, beautifully expressed, on a subject of very great interest to the

Saints.

We have often heard, in the public speaking of President Smith, allusions made to the belief that associations of the spirit world may be and are continued in this, but the few sentences of this • letter express that belief more clearly than anything which we have ever before seen published.

It is not to be wondered at that they should have excited the poetic fire in the breast of Brother Whitney, whose talent, at all times unexcelled by any of our local poets, never shone to better advantage than in the accompanying lines "I heartily endorse your sentiments respecting congeniality of spirits.

Our knowledge of persons and things before we came here, combined with the divinity awakened within our souls through obedience to the Gospel,'powerfully affects, in my opinion, all our likes and dislikes, and guides our preferences in the course of this life, provided we give careful heed to the admonitions of the Spirit.

"All those salient truths which come home so forcibly to the head and heart seem but the awakening of the memories of the spirit. Can we know anything here that we did not know before we came? Are not the means of knowledge in the first estate equal to those of this?

I think that the spirit, before and after this probation, possesses greater facilities, aye, manifold greater, for the acquisition of knowledge, than while manacled and shut up in the prison-house of mortality.

"Had we not known before we came the necessity of our coming, the importance of obtaining tabernacles, the glory to be achieved in posterity, the grand object to be attained by being tried and tested—weighed in the balance, in the exercise of the divine attributes, godlike powers and free agency with which we are endowed; whereby, after descending below all things, Christ-like, we might ascend above all things, and become like our Father, Mother and Elder Brother,

Almighty and Eternal!—we never would have come;

that is, if we could have stayed away.

"I believe that our Savior is the everliving example to all flesh in all these things.

He no doubt possessed a foreknowledge of all the vicissitudes through which He would have to pass in the mortal tabernacle, when the foundations of this earth were laid, 'when the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy.'When He conversed with the brother of Jared, on the

Mount, in His spiritual body, He understood His mission, and knew the work

He had to do, as thoroughly as when He ascended from the Mount of Olives before the wondering gaze of the Jewish disciples, with His resurrected, glorious and immortal body.

"And yet, to accomplish the ultimatum of His previous existence, and consummate the grand and glorious object of His being, and the salvation of His infinite brotherhood, He had to come and take upon Him flesh.

He is our example.

The works He did, we are commanded to do.

We are enjoined to follow Him, as he followed His Head; that where He is, we may be also; and being with Him, may be like Him.

If Christ knew beforehand, so did we.

But in coming here, we forgot all, that our agency might be free indeed, to choose good or evil, that we might merit the re-

THANKSGIVING DAY.

ward of our own choice and conduct.

But by the power of the Spirit, in the redemption of Christ, through obedience, we often catch a spark from the awakened memories of the immortal soul, which lights up our whole being as with the glory of our former home."

WHAT IS LIFE?

RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

There are, who deem life's lingering durance

Designed for freedom and delight;

Its clanking fetters claim for music,

Its darkness worship as 'twere light.

Nor mindful still of loftier purpose,

Vain Pleasure's winged flight pursue;

Their dream: "To-day!

there comes no morrow!"That tinkling lie with sound so true

Was such the charm, whose soft alluring

Drew spirits bright from heavenly bliss?

Did "morning stars"hymn loud hosannas

O'er false and fatal theme like this?

Speak thou, my soul, that once did mingle

Where souls were never doomed to die

Would worlds on worlds, like this, have won thee From glorious realms yet glittering high,

Where Father, Mother, friends, forsaken

Till time their "hundred fold"restore

Await the welcome of thy coming

When time and trial are no more?

Son of a God 'mid scenes celestial, Fellest thou from freedom to be free?

Or, hoping rise of endless raptures,

For time renounced Eternity?

Self-exiled from yon realms supernal,

Responsive to Omniscient rule,

Hied'st here to chase life's fleeting phantoms,

A truant from Time's precious school?

Oh, blindness dense delusion mortal Where darkness reigns disguised as day,

Where prison seems but sportive play-ground,

And spendthrifts waste life's pearls away

Be this their bourn, who seek no brighter,

Whom naught save worldly pleasures please;

Graves are the goal of earthly glory,

But man was meant for none of these.

Call earth thy home—clasp thou its shadows Till here thy little day be done

My home is where the starry kingdoms

Roll round the Kingdom of the Sun

I came not forth in quest of freedom,

To shrink from peril or from pain;

To learn from death life's deepest lessons,

I sank to rise—I serve to reign.

'Tis Contrast sways unceasing sceptre

O'er vast appreciation's realm;

E'en Gods, through sacrifice descending,

Triumphant rise to overwhelm.

Thus fetters teach the force of freedom,

Thus sickness, joys of future health,

Thus Folly's fate proves Wisdom's warning,

Thus poverty prepares for wealth.

Souls to whom life unfolds its meaning, Scarce hope for happiness on earth,

But patient bide that brighter morrow,

Which brings again celestial birth.

O.

F.

Whitney.

A man has invented a chair that can be adjusted to eight hundred different positions.

It is designed for a boy to sit in when he goes to church.

THANKSGIVING DAY Thanksgiving day has for many years been so universally observed in the United States that perchance our young people think it a custom come down from the ages, and have very little idea of its origin.

However, it is not yet two and a half centuries since the first

Thanksgiving day was proclaimed in good, old New England; and it was one of the new fancied notions of the heterodox-orthodox Puritans.

Our forefathers and foremothers, the Pilgrims, so bitterly hated their persecutors and oppressors, the "Britishers,"that they "would have none of their customs."A new era of events and of habits was a necessity of the new civilization, in a new world.

All things had changed with them, and they followed not after the forms and ceremonies of those who

n6 THANKSGIVING DAY.

had forced them into exile because of their religious faith.

Christmas had always been a day of days in old England, looked forward to with bright anticipation,and goodly cheer, but as it was the popular, national day of rejoicing with their persecutors, the staunch old Puritans denied themselves the luxury of Christmas-tide, and set their faces like flint against everything that savored of the habits of those from whom they had fled.

Even their marriages were solemnized in a different manner, and they held in horror the use of the ring, in the marriage rite as a "relique of Popery,"and alluded to it as a "diabolical circle for the Devill to daunce in."Those were peculiar times and a peculiar class of people.

Any one looking back even a century, would scarcely recognize the descendants of these Puritans, as belonging to the same straight-laced race, so changed has everything become. Yet in some remote districts in the country these strong prejudices and the intense hatred of the rites of the English church still prevail.

It was eighteen years after the landing of the Mayflower ere the new settlers or pioneers decided upon establishing a regular day of Thanksgiving.

Fast days had been observed quite regularly, at which times thanks and prayers were offered and intercession made for blesssings, but this did not altogether satisfy the people, who really craved some public opportunity of expressing gratitude to the Lord for his goodness in bestowing upon them prosperity; and therefore it was resolved that a day should be officially appointed for solemn prayer and praise in public assemblies convened for that special purpose; these were held in meeting-houses or places used for religious worship. The word "churches"was one of the terms tabooed.

It seems wonderful that where instruments of music in public worship were absolutely "proscribed,"now music is at the height of perfection in sacred worship and in all holy and consecrated places.

It is indeed marvelous the changes time hath wrought since the days of the Salem witchcraft.

Now even the strictest Puritans can recognize Christmas, and marriage with a ring is not looked upon as from the devil.

Thanksgiving day is not a thing of the past only, however, for we still remember and respect the good old custom of thanking God for His mercies and especially for the bountiful harvests He continues to bless us with from year to year.

Forty years ago in New England, Thanksgiving was the gala day of the holiday season;

in fact, it was the "opening of the ball."The fattest turkeys and fowls of all descriptions, the choicest meats and viands, the "goldenest"of pumpkins, the sweetest cider and the most tempting home-made wines were all reserved for Thanksgiving.

It was not so much an occasion of giving presents, but of family gatherings to enjoy the festive cheer, and greetings and meetings were among the distinguishing features of the happy event. The home, be it ever so lowly, was sure to be decorated with the prettiest and brightest winter berries and the most luxuriant winter evergreens of trailing vines and drooping, graceful boughs.

Many a humble cot thus ornamented, with its wide open fireplace and blazing logs or artistically piled pine knots, the reflection of the bright light beautifying the room, presented more real comfort and true hospitality and afforded more grateful pleasure to the inmates than the palatial mansions of the present day.

And this is why we continually revert to the good old times; our hearts were more tender in youth, our enjoyments fewer and partaken with a keener relish. Now we actually bask in the sunshine of plenty and almost of luxury, and the simplicity of former days seems to us hallowed by its old-time recollections and earlier associations.

Thanksgiving is one of the days we should never cease to keep.

There are a few links that bind together the old and the new.

This is one of the brightest links to connect the new with the old.

One of the old landmarks that is an index to demonstrate the peculiar traits of character of the early New Eng-

THANKSGil 'ING DA >:

landers, their faith and courage, their humility and zeal, their firm adherence to principle and their determination to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences and not to be controlled by kingly authority.

O, the magnanimity of character, the unswerving devotion of those heroic men and women!

How proudly do they who are descended from this noble lineage look back upon their ancestry!

But it was not my design to elaborate upon principles, but to speak of the celebration of Thanksgiving, the actual events that characterize the day, making it something separate and apart from all other days.

The careful New England housewife, forty years ago, used to commence preparations at least a week before the eventful Thursday.

The oldfashioned brick ovens are heated, and with a long-handled wooden shovel, the large pans of bread, meat and puddings are shoved in, and the never-forgotten dish of pork and beans always baked a beautiful brown.

Then followed pies of all varieties;

cakes, plain and frosted, silver and golden, fruit and jelly cakes in abundance; and what we children doted upon most of all, an immense tray of turnovers. We used to go singing and dancing around the house in fond anticipation of the gala time, and the woods were searched through and through for the green vines, winter leaves and berries that lie under the snow.

With trailing garlands of these, our aprons and baskets filled, our shoulders mantled with the handsome foliage, we hastened home, looking more like weird woodnymphs than properly behaved children, and often reproved for our exuberance of spirits and the terrible litter we made with our woodland trophies; but when the best and prettiest had been selected to decorate with, how we all enjoyed the arranging; and one need never tire of the beautiful picture the poorest, humblest rooms presented when the rustic ornamenting was done.

Remember, this was in the country, and forty years ago.

After this part of the pleasant work was finished, the garrets were ransacked for the quaintest, funniest, oldfashioned things to complete the arrangements, for those were not the days of elaborate furnishings.

Childish happiness did not consist in loads of fancy toys and bran new gay-colored picturebooks; we were supremely content with very few rudely-made playthings; maple sugar and molasses candy were the staple sweets. For stories, we were delighted to sit and listen to the tales of queens and "ladies of high degree,"and how they had been locked up in prisons and debarred from the society of a "lovyer;"occasionally one of them would be brave enough to burst the prison and fly with the captive maiden to some remote retreat or fastness, or old ruined castle, with a draw-bridge and moat, where they dwelt forever in peace and love, without a ripple of discontent.

The night before Thanksgiving, all the work, such as sewing, knitting, embroidery or fancy work, was put away, spinning wheels set aside until after the day was past.

If any portion of the family were away from home, it was usual to return, and often it was the eve before when such arrivals were more common, the elder girls and boys from school, or perhaps a grown up son from

Yale, Harvard or Dartmouth and invited guests.

The rooms were all in order, and the "spare chambers"well aired and ready for occupants.

Order is the ruling passion in New England village homes;

there is method in every arrangement, so much method and precision that children were never at ease, but constantly in fear of doing improper things.

Those were the times when children were under too much restraint;

now we have the opposite;

sometime in the future we may strike the "happy medium."Well, as I said before, the eve before Thanksgiving is the time for arrivals and talking over family matters.

In the morning, every one in the house is astir early, although perhaps later than usual in retiring;

the breakfast is simple and the conversation generally upon old-time memories, unless there is a new minister;

if that be the case, he is sure to be the topic.

The next thing on the programme is to go to the meeting;

n8 ASSO CIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

the meeting-house (church was not orthodox in those days) is decorated;

that is sure to have been done by women;

such unselfish women as are always ready to do good, generally styled "old maids,"whose artistic taste in decorating add grace and loveliness to all entertainments whether sacred or social.

Prayers are offered, hymns are sung, a Thanksgiving sermon is preached, and a joyful anthem rendered by the choir, who are dressed for the occasion, wearing bows of green ribbon in honor of the day.

After meeting comes the feasting and merriment.

The family and friends gather round the festive board, the blessing is invoked, then follows the carving of turkeys, young pigs roasted whole, and great sirloins of beef; every one is bountifully served, the guests and family sit long at table talking over the events of the year, discussing the talents and merits of the children, and the male members of the group perhaps enter upon politics.

The dinner over, they gather around the wide-open fire-places and sing the oldest songs and tell the queerest stories, occasionally interspersed with music and lively games, in which the little people join.

By and by, tea is served, with delicacies to tempt the appetite; and later in the evening, apples and cider, with nuts fresh from the woods, delicious and juicy.

Sometimes dancing is indulged in, when the inmates are not too Puritanical.

This is a true pen picture of Thanksgiving in families "away down East."Times have changed, but these festivities can never be obliterated from memory;

they are restful places in life's weary way; they impress the heart and are helps in forming character.

The pleasure and blessings we receive from association in family gatherings is one of the very best methods of educating the heart.

Thanksgiving day ought always to be celebrated not only as a positive

Americanism, as much as Independence day is, but to remind our children and children's children of the customs observed by the Pilgrims and why.

A methyst.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

NOTICE.

To Stake Superintendents:

The new report blanks to conform with the Roll and Record book will be ready for distribution December 15th.

Stake Superintendents are requested to inform me by that date of the number of blanks they require to supply each association with two, one to file and one to forward to the Stake Secretary.

As these blanks are made expressly for the quarter ending December 31st, it is important that they be procured and forwarded to the

Associations by that time.

Secretaries of Associations should observe that the record books and the blanks are prepared expressly for quarterly reports ending December 31st and March 31st, without regard to the time of holding quarterly conferences.

The Stake Secretaries will therefore have to use the reports of the last preceding quarter and not expect ward Association reports made up to the date of their conferences.

The cost of the blanks is twenty-five cents per dozen.

Address:

Nephi W. Clayton, General Secretary, Salt Lake City.

QUARTERLY CONFERENCE—BOX ELDER.

A conjoint conference of the Y. M. and

Y. L. M.

I. Associations was held in the

Tabernacle, Brigham City, October 29, 1882, at 7 p. m.

At the regular quarterly Stake Conference, on the afternoon of the same date,

Brother Charles Kelly was appointed and sustained superintendent of the Y.

M. M.

I. Associations of Box Elder Stake of Zion, in consequence of Brother T.

H. Wilde, former superintendent, having located in Idaho Territory.

Brother Kelly accepted the appointment, and said, with the aid of the Spirit of God

ASSOCIA TION INTELLIGENCE.

he would fill it to the best of his ability.

He had never enjoyed the advantages that our young people possessed to-day, but regarded the call as a mission and an honor.

R. H. Jones was appointed to fill the office of recording secretary during the absence of Elder A.

H.

Snow.

The meeting was then addressed by

Superintendent Kelly, Counselor Nels Madson, Jr., and Secretary E. H. Peirce.

The Y. L. M.

I. A's of the Stake were represented by their president, Mrs. M.

]. Snow; the Malad Association by Bro.

David Thomas; First ward, city, by the president, John H.

Bott, and Second ward by the president, E. A. Box, all in appropriate remarks suited to the occasion.

President O. G. Snow endorsed the remarks of previous speakers, and concluded with an exhortation to faithfulness.

Following officers of the Y. M. M.

I.

A.

of Box Elder Stake of Zion were then presented and unanimously sustained:

Superintendent, Charles Kelly;

First Counselor, B.

M'. Young;

Second Counselor, Nels Madson, Jr.;

Corresponding Secretary, E.

H.

Peirce;

Recording Secretary pro tent., R. H. Jones;

Treasurer, Wm. J. Packer.

The meeting adjourned until the Sunday preceding our next quarterly conference.

Benediction by Bishop J. D. Burt.

E. H. Peirce.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i.

The first number of the Millennial

Star was published in May, 1840,'in Manchester.

It was edited by Parley P. Pratt, and printed by W. R. Thomas, Spring

Gardens.

Elders Brigham Young, H.

C. Kimball, Willard Richards, P. P. Pratt,

Wilford Woodruff, John Taylor and Geo.

A. Smith of the traveling High Council—or Twelve Apostles—were the presiding authorities then in the British Mission, but no regularly appointed

President of the Mission had been chosen at that time.

It was the custom at conferences to choose from the brethren above named one to preside.

2.

The sidereal revolution of a planet is its passage from any particular point in its orbit around to the same point again.

A synodic revolution is one extended from either an inferior or superior conjunction to the same conjunction again.

The moon's siderial revolution is made in d., h., min., whilst her synodic revolution is 29 d., h., 44 min.

This difference is caused by the earth revolving in her orbit over 45,000,000 miles while the moon has been making her revolution.

Thus it takes the moon 2 d., 5 h., 1 min. longer to revolve around and come in conjunction with the earth and sun again.

W.S.

3.

The Symmes'Hole theory is, in effect, that the earth is hollow, its interior can be reached at the poles, and that the interior possesses as varied landscape as the outside surface and is capable of sustaining life. We shall publish an article on this subject in an early number of the Magazine.

Ed.

4.

The Times and Seasons was first issued in Commerce (afterwards Nauvoo), Illinois, November, 1839, edited and published by Elders E.

Robinson and Don Carlos Smith.

The first volume was a sixteen-page monthly; subscription, one dollar a year.

From the commencement of the second volume, Nov.

1, 1840, it was issued semi-monthly in the same form, the subscription price being doubled.

In the fourth number, December 15, 1840, of that volume, E.

Robinson withdrew from the management, and it was continued by D.

C.

Smith until May 1, 1841, when R.

B.

Thompson became associated in the editorial department.

This arrangement lasted until the death of Brother Smith,

August 7, 1841, when Brother E. Robinson again took charge of the publicatiod, issuing one number, with R.

B.

Thompson as associate editor, the latter dying—just twenty days after D.

C.

Smith—left the paper in the hands of his partner until January 15, 1842, when he called to his assistance Gustavus Hills.

They edited it until February 15, same year, when President Joseph Smith assumed the control until the end of the third volume. Volume IV was edited by

Elder John Taylor and published by

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

him and Elder Wilford Woodruff, the latter continuing in the publishing department until the third number of Vol.

V was issued.

From that time until the close of the sixth and last volume, Feb. 15, 1846, the Times and Seasons was edited and published by Elder John Taylor.

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

1. Who was the author of phrenology, and is it regarded as one of the accurate sciences?

W.

T. K.

2.

Is there any difference between the

Levitical and Aaronic Priesthood.

G. C PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.

The Compendium: The new Compendium of the doctrines of the Church, compiled and edited by Apostle

F. D.

Richards and James A.

Little, supplies a long felt want.

Since the old edition went out of print, the Elders on missions have been in need of this invaluable aid.

Its reappearance, amplified and greatly improved, is welcomed by all classes of the community, especially those holding offices or appointments in the ministry.

Besides its value to the Saints, the Compendium is among the very best exponents of the Truth which can be sent to the world.

Popular Science Monthly:

Published by Appleton & Co., five dollars per year. The December number of this most successful scientific magazine of the world contains some extremely interesting papers from the pens of eminent scientific writers, whose deep researches lead and largely control the thought of the intelligent in this enlightened age of invention and progress.

The following extract is from"The CellState,"by

Prof. Ferdinand Cohn: "Water, earth, salts and the gases—the raw materials which the plants suck up—are changed within the cells into starch and sugar, gum and woody fiber, albumen and wax, oil and resin, into powerful medicines and deadly poisons.

The simplest plant possesses an art which the most skilful chemist has not been able to learn from it.

It is true that the chemist can artificially prepare in his laboratory many of the substances which the plant-cell likewise produces; he can convert the starch of the potato into the sugar that gives the wine-grape its sweetness;

this, again, he can transform into the fruit-acids which, in connection with the sugar, give the berries their fresh and agreeable taste;

he can even produce the flavor of the fruits from the fusel-oil, which he obtains by the fermentation of the sugar.

He can make the oil of bitter almonds from benzoic and formic acids; he can, with as good art, imitate the pungent taste of the pepper, and the biting one of the mustardseed, and the narcotic poison, which only the nightshade has hitherto prepared for the healing of sore eyes.

He can produce from the sap of firs the crystal-needles of the vanilla, for which a Mexican orchid has heretofore been obliged to give up its pods; from the distillation of wood he obtains a smoky fluid, from which he procures salicylic acid, for the production of which the flowers of the meadow-sweet or the bark-tissues of the willow were formerly required; and from this he makes also the ink-coloring gallic acid, which formerly only a little wasp knew how to draw out by its sting from the cells of the oak, and the aroma of the woodruff He has made the work of the cells in the madder-root superfluous, for he has fabricated its costly dyes, along with a hundred other splendid pigments, out of tar-oil and stone-coal; and is now on the point of taking its work away from the indigo-plant by artificially producing indigo.

But a raw material, which has at some time been brought forth out of the laboratory of a living plant-cell, always lies at the foundation of all these manipulations of the chemist, wonderful as they are.

And, notwithstanding the immense progress that modern chemistry has made within the last ten years, its art is still limited at. this point;

no prospect yet exists that it will be able, artificially, to produce the most important of all the substances that go to build up the bodies of animals and plants, and to form their living-cell tissues—protoplasm, or the envelope of the plant-cells, the matter of the muscles and nerves."

ft. W. SPENCER.

Rv*jr& & t§®MM€mm* M.

R. EVANS.

Walker Opera House, SALT LAKE CITY.

P.

0. Box 1C19.

DEALERS IN as, Pistols, Amiaiinit B*tiiiit CHICAGO SHOT. FISHM TACKLE, CUILER7, Cm Field and Opsra Glasses, Hota, Etc,

Also a Fine Stock of TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND SMOKERS'ARTICLES.

DOG To Purciassrs of Home-made SOOTS and SHOES, The just renown of the Boots and Shoes made by Z- C. M + 1- FACTORY Has caused other makers to imitate our Goods.

*S- BEWAEE OF IMITATION.

"Sffl f'urohasf only those bear- I *G OUR BRAND.

PURCHASE YOUR SOME MADE WOOL #«@i AT THE 500 Pieces Dress Flannels.

500 Pieces Plain Flannels.

250 Pieces Twilled Flannels.

1000 Pairs of Blankets.

5000 Pounds of Worsted Yarn.

200 Pieces Cassimere.

100 Pieces Jeans.

200 Pieces Linseys.

ALL GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES.

JOHN C CUTLER.

B N E S ^WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS**-

GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.

SUCCESSORS TO HD-ATST <Sz CO.4 THE EE3T HOUSE!EO;R, GOOD GOODS s LOW PRICES.

Agents for DEMOREST PATTERNS.

COLUMBIA and HARVARD BYCYCLES.

f$?

A I S

m s,T CAPITAL, $200,000.

*J SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIRECTOBS:

WM. H. HOOPER, Prest., WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S. ELDREDGE, Vice-Ptest.

L. S. HILLS, Cashier, FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

(Dealers in Hcurdiuood, droits, Iron,

Steel, CHAINS, AND/LL KI^DS OF FAL|M FIXTURES.

iQG^ OF Agents for the Oelebrated ZION TRA0 £ OTIinCDlIfPD rOA^ Buck 'S FURST & BRADLEY SOUTH BEND CHILLED PLOWS

We kindly invite our friends to call and examine our stock before purchasing fj?1J |* STUDEBAKER FARM AND SPRJNG WAGONS, elsewhere.

fj f\ A |% U Buckeye Mowers and Reapers, HARROWS, STJJMKY PLOWS and RAKES,

Etc.

n^-EDD.

TTTIE&IfcTIEIE^, S-a.perixLteaaca.exa.t.

WM. JENNINGS, A AARON PARK, Superintendent.

Manager.

'i&^8* WtMJMI^sk WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

OFFEES A FULL LINE OF General CQe^ghandise||* WHICH FOR VARIETY, IS EQUAL TO ANY NORTH Of SALT

LAKT. CfTY.

f S3MK\yK!(\y<)l and best imported makes.

^CHAMPION MONITOR,"''CHARTER OAK, "AND OTHER COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.

SCHOOL & BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY.

INK, ETC.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds, Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffe l's Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hny

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel liarb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bolls, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, ®m and mmm masons, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURER, BUILDER & CONTRACTOR;

P. 0. Bos, 10S5, SALT LAZE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and 69 Main Street.

PeiMe aM Western Markets.

1st South St.

No.

2nd South St.

WHITE & SONS, ^Proprietors., Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IINT SEASON.

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOLOGiTA, And all kinds of DEIE3D Is/L'JE: Jb-I? S.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

IV. H. PITTS, W.

H. SHEARMAN.

^lE^ST ZDTSTCTG- HOTTSE XICT XTT^-IET.

Keep a Full Line of DRUGS, PATENT MEDICINES, PAINTS, OILS, BRUSHES, VARNISHES, PERFUMERIES, TOILET AND FANCY ARTICLES IN GREAT VARIETY,

MILLING AND ASSAYING GOODS, CHEMICALS, ETC Stock almost daily replenished so that friends may rely oa. PURE AND FRESH GOODS!

Very Important Consideratio?is to Consumers of Drugs.

Special Attention is Invited to the Large and Personally Selected Stock of

Fancy and Useful Holiday Goods now arriving.

Prescriptions accurately and pro7nptly prepared, DAY or NIGHT, by able, gentlemanly and

Experienced Pharmacists.

m PEOPLE OF UTAH Have proved themselves our friends, and, while we desire to thank them for past patronage, we beg to assure ihem of the most Courteous Welcome and attention whenever they favor us with a call.

J0t~ We shall esteem it a special favor if patrons will promptly report to us any cause vf dissatisfaction.

PRICES ALWAYS AS LOW AS ANY HOUSE IN UTAH.

Dr.

Benedict's Office ever our Store.

OrOTDBIEZ, PITTS «Sc CO.

"W.

TSjX.&LdL&&JOL dfe Oo„Full Stock of Heaters, Ranges, Tin and Granite Ware.

Extras for Everlasting and Target Stoves.

50 MAIN STREET, OPPOSITE HOOPER AND ELDREDGE BLOCK.

All kinds of Furniture and Upholstered Goods.

P. W. Madsen, 40 Main Street- A i mm MS & BBQ.

124 & 126 EAST TEMPLE STREET, Are Receiving their large and WELL SELECTED STOCK Fall & Winter Gootis.

CONSISTING OF Fancy & Staple Dry ficods, Brocaded Velvets, Silks. Satins and Cassimeres.

Mostly our own Importations.

HOSIERY, CORSETS, I LACES, j NECKWEAR, -t-L^¥E^T DEJSIGNJS.

1:-—AND AT ||ect6onable IgriccA.

Indies', Apes'-and ^Irttdren^ %\\m mid Slippers.

GENT'S AND BOYS'CLOTHING, FURNISHING GOODS,

HATS, BOOTS AND SHOES OF BEST QUALITY.

Ladies', Misses'and Children's DOLMASf^2sTK!T?JiLSTER5

OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT Is Complete in Every Line.

MILLINERY in all ils Branches, Newest Designs and Styles,

HOWARD SEBREE, S-A-XjI?

Xj-A-KZE -A.2T3D OGPEIT, TTT-A-IEI, SELLS THE TIGER AND SELF-DUMPING HAY RAKE, The Best in the Market.

Also the Cham pion Reapers and Mowers- A full stock of ih:

celebrated Bain Wagons.

Racine Spring Wagons can't be excelledOliver Chilled and, Moline Flows9Sf AM, <;<>OI>* WAKKAKTKIt.

JkENI) FOK rUKK LISTS.

.T EL SALT LAKE CITY, Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, £L * General Mercliaidis BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P.

0. BOX. 352.

S.

P\ TEASDEL, East Temple Street WALL PAPCH, FEATHERS, BABY CARRIAGES, Linoleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window Cornices, Window Shades, Lace Curtains, Lambrequins, AT FIRST SOUTH STREET, SALT LAKE CITYSUBSCRIBE

FOR THE CONTRIBUTOR!

PRICE, Two Dollars a Year, in Advance.

TO CLUBS OF TEN AN EXTRA COPY FREE.

To Missionaries in their Field of labor, Half the Regular Price

SUBSCRIPTIONS BEGIN^ WITH THE FIRST NUMBER OF THE VOLUME UNLESS OTHERWISE ORDERED.

BOUND VOLUMES, I, II, III, Price, $2.50 each,

President:

W.

H. HOOPER.

Vicu-Prost. ami Superintendent:

WM. JENNINGS.

Secretary and Tna-itircr:

T.

G. WEBBER.

ll I Branch Houses at /oGDEN, WEBEE CO., UTAH.

LOGAN, CACHE CO., UrAH. / SCDA SPEINGS, IDAHO. / Importers and Wholesale and Retail Dealers in ^ZStsis-*—»- <mm-^-^--^''-^» >«8~ SALT LAKE CITY.

PROVISIONS AND PRODUCE', Pure Drugs and Medicines, TOOLS AND IMPLEMENTS, Paper Hangings, Newest Designs

STATIONEEY AND SCHOOL B0DK3, Rubber Goods, Etc., Etc., Etc DUCK 6U/TS, OVERCOATS AND OVEEALLS, Leather and Findings, Tinware and Stamped Ware, CROCKERY and GLASSWARE, IIEAVV AND SHELF HARDWARE.

Stoves, Grates and (Ranges, it AND HOUSE FURNISHINGS In all Qualities and of Latest Styles.

Co-opetative Stores and the General Public are invited to select their purchases from our choice and carefully selected stock.