V0L'I!I MARCH, 1882.

No.

6.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

THE eOffTjllBUTOR A Monthly Magazine of Home Literature.

REPRESENTS THE YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS OF THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.

EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS

E. WELLS.

SAI/r LAKE CITY, FTAIf.

SF

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1882.

PAGE.

Sermons and Writings of the Prophet Joseph.

VI.

Baptism for the Dead Mormon Polygamy and Christian Monogamy.

Ill Moses Thatcher A Trip to Denmark.

I.

London to Hamburg DeVallibus The Fate of the Foremost I O.

F.

Whitney Alma Mater Rex Apostacy II Matthias F.

Cowley Music Advocate The Bible Edward E. Brain The Echo Canon War.

V Vaux Political Duties of the Hour H.

W.

Naisbitt Oscar Wilde Talula Young Awakening of Spring Amethyst Twilight Reveries Emmeline B.

Wells Editorial:

The "Edmunds Bill,"The Petitions Answering Questions Geo. Reynolds Fashion Follies Selected Noble Men J.

E.

Carlisle Beechers Farm Association Intelligence:

Answers to Questions Questions and Answers Questions to Answer IT STANDS AT THE HEAD!

THE LIGHT RUNNING DOMESTIC I THE BEST IN THE WORLD.

If you buy a Domestic SEWING MACHINE, And should desire any other kind after using it Two Months, we will exchange and give you one of any other make that retails at the same price.

We keep all kinds of machines and

MTO0;

—See the—

IDOIMIZEST'ia Before you buy a Sewing Machine

Agents for the Western Territories.

Main Street, Near Co-op.

•ALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, a. h mmnmn ROYCE RE1PES8, RICHMOND MOWERS, The Lightest Draft Machines in the Territory, and the Favorite on account of their Excellence and Low Price.

SOCK ISLAND PLOWS, 8IB3L and CHILLED

SULKY RAKES, Hand and Self Dump, Sold from same yard by Lynch and

Cottrell.

Send for Price List and Circulars.

LIBERAL DISCOUNT TO DEALERS.

Call on or Address -A..

J- JOHNSON, P.

O. BOX 571, SALT LAMB CITY, AGE1TTS -^T^ISTTIEID,

ADVERTISEMENTS, 1 flmlo.

In. our W I JLTi Can be found all the NEW SHADES of BLACK and COLORED

SilhS) Satins, Satin DeLyon, Surah Silk and Satin,

Plaid, Stripe and Plain Velvets, all colors.

IN OUR WE HAVE BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE, ALPACAS, TARNISE CLOTH, PLAIDS, STRIPES, and all kinds of Plain and Fancy Dress Goods.

Is well supplied with a Full and Complete Assortment of

Ribbons, Laces, Embroideries, Kid and Cotton Gloves, all sizes and qualitiesTZRIZMZ^ZHSTO-S.. LATEST STTLES.

OOBSETS.

OOBSETS, COBSETS.

%# ^#®P#S«P&Wkf^

ADVERTISEMENTS.

BUY THE BEST BUY THE SCHUTTLER FARM. FREIGHT AN D SPRING WAGONS,

OCDEN, UTAH,.and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

A LARGE AND COMPLETE ASSORTMENT ALWAYS ON HAND.

Dealer in all Kinds of the A.QE3STT J^OE, THE CELEBRATED DEDERICK PERPETUAL HAY BALING PRESS, The only Perfect Baling Press made.

Steel Baling 'Wire and P*atent Bale Ties.

AGENT FOR Ames Portable Engines, Knowles Steam Pmups, Cooper Saw Mills, Leffel Turbine Wheels, Lane Saw Mills, Flour Mill Machinery, Dederiek Hoisting Engines.

CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED and ENQUIRERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.

SALT LAKE CITY, GEO.

.A.. LOWE, OGDEN. UTAH.

IDIHWbODBY'S.FURNITUFIEJCT taapMiaa fr^m Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby Carriages

CARPETS, noleums, Oil Cloth, Mats, Window

Cornices, Window Shades, LACE CURTAINS, LAMBREQUINS, AT H.

DSNWOODEY'S, First South Street Salt Xiake City.

IDAHO STORE.

Manufacturer and Dealer in SALT AND BLUE.

BRANSON KNITTER PRICE $25.

KNITS A SOCK IN ^ MINUTES.

Can teach yeu to Knit in OWE SOUS.

AGENCY CHICAGO SCALE CO.

300 VRIE TIES!

4 Ton Scales, $6o, on Cars at Chicago.

Send for Circulars of KNITTERS and SCALES.

Proprietor SNELL'S LIME KILNS,

Quality Guaranteed.

Wagons, Cedar Posts, Charcoal, Hematite Iron, and General Merchandise, etc., JOHU "W. SIfcTELXj.

One Block South of Theatre.

P. 0. Box 519

ADVERTISEMENTS.

I^litel and |i»§t |Wta ||i!!$ MANUFACUTRERS OF Plain and Fancy Yarns, Flannels, Blankets, White and Colored Linseys, Repellants, Wasatch Flannel, 'Sheetings, Jeans and Cassimeres.

HAVE OPENED WAREROOMS, FIRST SOUTH STREET preset to Texixiixig-s <Sc Soxis.

BURTON, SONS & YOUNG, Proprietors, p.o. box 354.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

LOGAN BRANCH.

Wholesale and Retail, OFFERS A LINE OF Which for variety is equal to any north of Salt Lake City.

BOOTS -A-JbTD SHOES, Home Made and Best Imported MakesMENS'YOUTHS'and BOY'S. CLOTHING.

"Champion Monitor,""Charter Oak"And other Cooking and Heating Stoves.

SCHOOL AND BLANK BOOKS, STATIONERY, INK, &C, &C.

WM. JENNINGS, R.

S. WATSON, Superintendent.

Manager.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

?fJ G CO Uctot!/, South Bei MANUFACTURERS OF Farm,Freight I SpringWagons mi | mmm, All sizes and styles of which we carry in stock, or will build to any spedal order, on short notice.

Write to us for Catalogues, description and reading matter, and call at our Depository and examine our New Hyles.

€M JNW JMAM BRANOH M&W&E, JAS.

B. GLASS, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Manager.

LITERATURE PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green, ISmo., flexible cloth,

J.0 vols., each, 45 cents.

SCIENCE PRIMERS.

Edited by Profs. Huxley, Koscoe and Stewart.

ISmo., flexible cloth, vols, each, 45 cents.

HISTORY PRIMERS, Edited by J. R. Green; ISmo.

, flexible cloth, 6 vols., each 45 cents.

Will be sent by mail, postpaid, upon receipt of price-

D. APPLETON &'C0„Publishers, New York.

Boston.

Chicago.

SanFranclsco.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Vol.

III.

MARCH, 1882.

No.

6.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS VI.

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD.

President Joseph Smith, by request of some of the Twelve Apostles, gave instructions on the doctrine of Baptism for the Dead, which were listened to with intense interest by the large assembly.

He presented baptism for the dead as the only way that men can appear as saviors on Mount Zion.

The proclamation of the first principles of the Gospel was a means of salvation to men individually; and it was the truth, not men, that saved them;

but men, actively engaged in rites of salvation substitutionally, became instrumental in bringing multitudes of their kindred into the kingdom of God.

He explained the difference between an angel and a ministering spirit;

the one a resurrected or translated body, with its spirit ministering to embodied spirits—the other a disembodied spirit, visiting and ministering to disembodied spirits.

Jesus Christ became a ministering spirit (while his body was lying in the sepulchre), to the spirits in prison;

to fulfil an important part of his mission, without which, he could not have perfected his work, or entered into his rest.

After his resurrection he appeared as an angel to his disciples.

Translated bodies cannot enter into rest until they have undergone a change equivalent to death.

Translated bodies are designed for future missions.

The angel that appeared to John on the Isle of Patmos was a translated or resurrected body.

Jesus Christ went in body, after his resurrection, to minister OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

to translated and resurrected bodies.

There has been a chain of authority and power from Adam down to the present time.

The only way to obtain truth and wisdom, is not to ask it from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.

It is no more incredible that God should save the dead, than that he should raise the dead.

There is never a time when the spirit is too old to approach God.

All are within the reach of pardoning mercy, who have not committed the unpardonable sin, which hath no forgiveness, neither in this world, nor the world to come.

There is a way to release the spirit of the dead;

that is by the power and authority of the Priesthood—by binding and loosing on earth.

This doctrine appears glorious, inasmuch as it exhibits the greatness of divine compassion and benevolence in the extent of the plan of human salvation.

The glorious truth is well calculated to enlarge the understanding, and to sustain the soul under troubles, difficulties and distresses.

For illustration suppose the case of two men, brothers, equally intelligent, learned, virtuous and lovely, walking in uprightness and in all good conscience, so far as they had been able to discern duty from the muddy stream of tradition, or from the blotted page of the book of nature; one dies and is buried, having never heard the Gospel of reconciliation;

to the other the message of salvation is sent, he hears and embraces it, and is made the heir of eternal life.

Shall the one be-

MORMON POL YGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

come a partaker of glory, and the other be consigned to hopeless perdition?

Is there no chance for his escape?

Sectarianism answers, none! none! none Such an idea is worse than atheism.

The truth shall break down and dash in pieces all such bigoted Pharisaism;

the sects shall be sifted, the honest in heart brought out, and their priests left in the midst of their curruption.

Many objections are urged against the

Latter-day Saints for not admitting the validity of sectarian baptism, and for withholding fellowship from sectarian churches.

It was like putting new wine into old bottles, and putting old wine into new bottles. What! new revelations in the old churches New revelations knock out the bottom of their bottomless pit.

New wine into old bottles!

The bottles burst and the wine runs out.

What!

Sadducees in the new church?

Old wine in new leathern bottles will leak through the pores and escape;

so the Sadducee saints mock at authority, kick out of the traces, and run to the mountains of perdition, leaving the long echo of their braying behind them.

He then contrasted the charity of the sects, in denouncing all who disagree with them in opinion, and in joining in persecuting the Saints, who believe that even such may be saved, in this world and in the world to come (murderers and apostates execpted.) This doctrine presents in a clear light the wisdom and mercy of God in preparing an ordinance for the salvation of the dead, being baptized by proxy, their names recorded in heaven, and they judged according to the deeds done in the body.

This doctrine was the burden of the Scriptures.

Those Saints who neglect it, in behalf of their deceased relatives, do it at the peril of their own salvation.

The dispensation of the fulness of times will bring to light the things that have been revealed in former dispensations;

also other things that have not been before revealed.

He shall send Elijah the Prophet, etc., and restore all things in Christ.

President Joseph Smith then announced.

"There shall be no more baptisms for the dead, until the ordinance can be attended to in the font of the Lord's House; and the Church shall not hold another General Conference, until they can meet in said house.

For thus saith the Lord!"MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

in.

"If there is any field where the philanthropist and reformer is most urgently demanded, it is to limit the infant mortality which prevails to such an alarming extent in our great cities.

In New York, Boston and Philadelphia, over one fourth, in Cincinnati nearly one third, of all the children born alive perish within the first year of life.

What a portentous fact is this What are the causes of this frightful mortality?

We will mention one.

A physician of wide experience has calculated, after careful inquiry, that fourth on the list of causes is hereditary syphilis.

But even this statement does not at all convey an adequate idea of the effect of this disease on limiting and corrupting population.

Of the infants which are still-born, the number is very great, and of these, the most frequent cause of death, according to that cautious writer, Berkeley Hill, is syphilis.

But even if the child survives its first year, the danger is not past.

It may be the picture of health till five or six years of age, or to the period of puberty, or even to adult age, and then first reveal the long concealed poison which has lurked in the system ever since its being began.

That poison shows itself under a hundred protean forms.

It may be in eruptions on the skin and foul ulcerations, or in obstinate 'colds in the head', in swelling of the bones, in a peculiar affection of the eyes leading to blindness, in brittle and

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

loose teeth, in the protean symptoms of scrofula, in idiocy, stunted growth, and in insanity.

Such are the legacies which parents who, through vice or misfortune, have been cursed with this disease, have to hand down to their offspring.

'The fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children's teeth are set on edge.""In the strong, and yet not too strong language of Dr.

Calles, a well known English surgeon:

'The readiness with which syphilis in infants can be communicated by contact cannot be exceeded by any other disease with which I am acquainted.

I look upon it as equally infectious with the itch itself.

And Dr.

Barton adds 'A common mode by which the syphilitic infant spreads the disease is by being kissed by the girl that carries it or by others.'If this is so, and there is no doubt of it, is it not time that the public received some warning about it?

Are we to shut our mouths and see these perils to public health hourly increasing, and say nothing, do nothing?

Let such a child by careful attention and sound hygiene survive to adult life, and become in turn the father or mother of a family, even then unrelenting nature may not be satisfied.

There are undoubted cases on record where the disease was handed down, in spite of every care and strict virtue, to the third generation and per-. haps the fourth."Shall the Christians wonder at this?

Has not that same God whom we have shown to have sanctioned and blessed polygamy, and exalted, not bastardized, as Congress would do, the issue of that divine marriage system, declared that it should be so?

Can Christians wonder that "unrelenting nature"may carry the curse of the father even to the third or fourth generation? Why does not the Congress of our great nation enact a law to turn this decree back upon its Author, calling it a crime to visit the iniquities of the fathers upon their children?

They having violated the first amendment of our national constitution, which expressly declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,"and enacted a law making an ordinance of marriage approved by the Almighty, a crime, why do they not continue in the good work of dishonoring and criminalizing the laws and decrees of the Creator?

Here is a plain decree that fixes a fearful curse, often premature death, upon children for the sins of their parents.

Why do not suffering Christians cry to Congress for the enactment of a special law (not with special reference to Utah, for it is not needed there) to stop this decree of the great God of the Universe?

For a pretext, it could be called unjust, murderous, "national dishonor."We continue quotations from Dr. Napheys.

"And all the misery, all the curses long drawn out, these consequences so dire to innocent generations, the penalty of one moment of illicit pleasure, the vengeance of a violated law which knows justice but no mercy!

With these deplorable possibilities in view, it becomes a serious question how soon can a man, once diseased, marry?

A French specialist of eminence does not hesitate to reply: Never!"The evidences tend clearly to show that the marriage of such would almost surely bring evils, taint of blood, misery and perhaps premature death on the issue of such a father.

Then why should not Congress pass laws prohibiting such persons from marrying, seeing that they are not without precedent in the marriage prohibition business?

But why suggest such a thing?

For who does not know how vastly more pleasant, and how vastly more human it is for those who are invested with brief earthly power, to pull at even imaginary motes in their neighbor's eyes than to pluck the beam from their own?

Christ said such were hypocrites, but the Lord of the vineyard is not ruling in it just now, and that makes a very great difference indeed, in many things pertaining thereto.

There will be many sorrowful and crestfallen servants when He does return.

We now request the careful consideration of the reader to a few extracts from the same distinguished author on the sadly deplorable condition of our nation as to the so-called "social evil."

MORMON POLYGAMY AND CHRISTIAN MONOGAMY.

"We have now pointed out with dispassionate yet earnest words, the deplorable consequences of mis-governed sexual instinct on the individual, on his family, on his children, and through these, on society and the race at large.

There remains for us to turn a still darker page and to reveal an abyss of misery, iniquity and disease, from which the philanthropist too often turns away with a shudder.

This abyss is prostitution, the great social evil of our day, invading all grades of society, contaminating with leprous touch the fairest of our land, destroying the pure joys of the domestic hearth, the well spring of disgusting maladies, the inexhaustible source of all manner of evil.

Too often the clergyman and statesman prefer to shut their eyes and shun the unpleasant topic.

This is not our purpose.

Such a course can command no admiration and effect no good results."Unfortunately, as some of our readers well know, we have clergymen and statesmen who are not in the condition prescribed by our Savior "to throw the first stone."Dr. Napheys continues: "Rather will we risk the charge of over-plainness of speech than hesitate to exhibit the nature, the extent, and the -consequences of this infecting ulcer in the body politic of our land.

Our statements are based on careful studies of original documents, and the opinions of those physicians and philanthropists who.have devoted most time to combating this pest.

We shall aim to exhibit is as it actually exists in our midst, choosing the most trustworthy and the most recent sources of information, and promising that all our statements are taken directly from original authorities.""There is no branch of social science that offers greater difficulties to the investigator than that which concerns itself with the number, the life, the fate and condition of fallen women.

* The great majority of them entirely elude the searches of the police, and conceal their calling under some outward garb of honest occupation.

Before we proceed, therefore, to estimate the numbers in our large cities, we must explain the different classes in which they are divided.

The police reports of our great cities divide them into 'public prostitutes,''waiter girls,'and 'kept women'or 'private mistresses.'"These latter may move, and undoubtedly do move, in the circles of the very best society: and, no doubt frequently meet and associate with the wives of men who keep them.

For, so says our author, "many of the mistresses dress as well, drive as elegant equipages, and behave in public as decorously as any lady."Speaking of that class of unfortunates who bear assumed names and are "movable,""they are of all nationalities, Americans and Germans predominating;

the Celtic race, that is the Scotch, Welsh and Irish, being in the minority, in proportion to the general population.

What is surprising, in Philadelphia, New York, and probably other northern cities, there are houses fitted up with considerable expense in which all the inmates are mixed, negro and white blood, quadroons and octoroons.

They are patronized exclusively by white men.""The houses of assignation, according to the police reports of New York, are yearly on the increase, while the houses of prostitution are decreasing."This tells its own story, and shows that while the business is still carried on more secretly, it is being supported by the so called better classes of society, and not so much by those who are considered degraded beyond hopes of reclamation.

"With these explanations in mind, we shall proceed to estimate the magnitude of this great evil in some of our cities, and thus show the imperative importance in a hygienic as well as a purely moral view, of taking some measure to curb it.

According to the police reports of there were in New York and Brooklyn four hundred and ninety six houses of prostitution and one hundred and seven houses of assignation.

The whole number of women known to the police as public prostitutes was two thousand one hundred and seven;

but various competent authorities estimate the actual number of those who subsist in great part or entirely on the wages of sin at the enormous number of thirty thousand."

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

Thus, by this estimate, made by our own authorities, by friends, not enemies, we learn that over seventy five per cent of the prostitutes known in those two cities is of that kind designated as "private"prostitution.

Or, to put it plainer, of the thirty thousand degraded women who sell their bodies and souls to gratify the lust of men in New York and Brooklyn, nearly twenty-eight thousand of them are supported by "private"contributions of "private"men, married as well as others.

Is this a "national dishonor?"We cannot say, for we know not how much of this sort of abomination, filth and disease will constitute "National Dishonor"But we know that such pollutions are a stink in the nostrils of the Almighty God, and they should be so in those of every pure minded man and woman in Christendom.

How far the acts of individuals, though their name be legion, would, in a free country, constitute "national dishonor,"the writer it not prepared to say; but cannot fail to think where prominent government officials, law makers and judges not only wink at, but actually criminate themselves in their heaven condemned pollutions, which bring the curse of God upon the people, that the nation, if not in the eyes of Christians "dishonored,"is sadly, sadly tainted, and morally disgraced.

Moses Thatcher.

A TRIP TO DENMARK.

LONDON TO HAMBURG.

The tight, little, deep-sea steamers plying between London and Hamburg are officered by a race of England's jolliest mariners.

The captains are those square built, ruddy faced, offhand, swearing fellows, who always seem to fill their double-breasted, brass-buttoned coats a little two full, and gain temporary relief by the letting off from time to time of the surplus profanity which swells them up.

They are of that class of captains their vessels being confined to second class oceans—who are not above the proverbial yarn spinning characteristics, which have made sea captains famous the world over.

On the Atlantic steamers, it is beneath the dignity of the scientific commanders to tell stories;

they talk international politics and entertain the saloon passengers, from the head of the captain's table, with learned disquisitions on religion, supplemented with small talk, of the most approved and aesthetic order, for the ladies.

The stout fisted, brawny Englishman, full of beer and profanity, who commanded the Sir Robert Peel, was not of the above description.

He had been a whaler in the Arctic ocean, and told of ships collided with icebergs, boats capsized by the flap of a whale's tail, hairbreadth escapes from a thousand dangers, of spectacles in the water and the sky, and how the sagacity or courage of brave captains, mates or forecastlemen had saved the ship, discovered an abandoned crew,or accomplished an extraordinary run in the face of unsurpassed difficulties.

As long as consciousness remained—it succumbed to mixed drinks at the moment the pilot came on board at the mouth of the Elbe—the captain talked, more to the wonderment than the instruction of his guests.

The voyage from the Thames across the German ocean to the broad and beautiful Elbe, is one of many pleasures and few discomforts, provided you are on the right ship with fair weather;

in case the vessel is inferior and the sea tempest-torn, as is most generally the condition, one must be a philosopher or a mariner to find any satisfaction in it.

The innumerable fishing craft, sailing vessels, yachts and steamers, from all ports of the world seeking the harbor of

Hamburg and the coast of England, give the surface of the North Sea the appearance of being more thickly inhabited than any other of the oceans.

You are never out of sight of a vessel, and land birds follow you from one

i66 A TRIP TO DENMARK.

shore to the other.

The lower Elbe is a broad picturesque stream, and affords one of the pleasantest river excursions in northern Germany.

Its hilly banks are cultivated and adorned with beautiful villas, small fishing towns, and the imposing commercial city of Hamburg, which, with its forest of masts rising from the harbor,rivals the great sea ports of Liverpool and Glasgow.

Hamburg contains about three hundred thousand inhabitants, and is the principal shipping town of northern Europe.

It is situated about sixty miles from the mouth of the Elbe, and on a small stream called the Alster, which forms a large basin outside the town and a smaller one within it, and is then discharged through locks into the canals which flow through the lower part of the town.

Nothing is known of the origin of Hamburg.

It was doubtless settled at a very early period, its natural advantages distinguishing it as a most desirable site for a great city.

In the time of Charlemagne, from A.

D., that emperor gave it considerable attention, building a castle there and founding a church, which was raised afterwards to the rank of an arch-bishopric.

During the succeeding centuries the town was frequently pillaged by Danes and Normans, but under the jurisdiction of Adolph IV, and other counts of Holstein, in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries,

Hamburg was very greatly favored, many of the privileges and immunities which formed the foundation of its subsequent independence being then secured.

In the thirteenth century Hamburg entered into treaty with Lubeck, and formed with other cities the powerful Hanseatic League, which embraced ninety cities, and became a most powerful, peacelovingbut progressive and conquering organization.

It subdued southern Sweden and Denmark, and for over a century flourished independently.

Some of the cities thus declared free have maintained their independence to the present time.

In 1810 Hamburg was annexed to the French Republic;three years after, in an attempt to rebel against the foreign yoke, a most disastrous conflict ensued, the inhabitants suffering great indignities and hardships from the French.

During this period of disorder it is said that the city lost the enormous sum of thirteen million pounds.

After the peace of Vienna, Hamburg rapidly increased in population, wealth and power, and notwithstanding the disastrous fire of 1842, when a fourth of the city was destroyed, she has continued to prosper, and to-day ranks among the first independent cities of the world.

The attractions of Hamburg beyond those which her cosmopolitan commerce create—located about the harbor and exchange—are meagre.

The pleasantest portion of the city is around the Binnen Alster, which is a mile in circumference, and is navigated by small screw steamers, sail boats, canoes, etc.

On three sides of this basin the finest buildings are erected and occupied by the best shops, while the northern side consists of a wide promenade adorned with trees and fine shrubbery;

it separates the small inner basin from the Aussen Alster, which is very large, extending beyond the city limits several miles;

its banks are lined with country residences and pleasant woods and drives.

The exchange is the daily scene of great commotion; for two or three hours every afternoon, from four to five thousand brokers, merchants and shipowners congregate there and create a perfect babeh Their noisy calls and bids, frantic gestures, pushing and clamoring, as viewed from the gallery above them, are more suggestive of an insane asylum than of a commercial mart, where values and discounts are being negotiated. The building is a very large one, containing a reading room, restaurant and commercial library of forty thousand volumes.

The Botanical and Zoological Gardens of Hamburg are among the best of Germany, particularly the latter, which is supplied by voyagers from all parts of the globe with curious animals, birds and reptiles.

A good aquarium is connected with it, in which may be seen specimens of the finny tribe from all the navigable waters of the world.

THE FATE OF THE FOREMOST.

The churches, public institutions, palaces and principal residences are all modern, being erected since the great fire of 1 842.

For this reason Hamburg is not considered one of the necessary places to be visited by the tourist.

The Johanneum, a spacious edifice erected in 1834, contains the chief educational institutions of Hamburg, among them a college, gymnasium or grammar school, a commercial school, and the town library, which consists of three hundred thousand volumes and five thousand MSS.

It also contains the Museum of Natural History, in which are many skeletons and the finest display of conchylia in Germany;

the shells of every description there exhibited are wonderfully beautiful and interesting.

In the same building is located the Museum of Hamburg antiquities,where,among other curiosities, is preserved an old tombstone representing an ass blowing the bagpipes, with a quaint inscription, signifying that the world being turned upside down, it is the appropriate thing for his long eared highness to make the music for the rest of the donkeys to dance to.

De Vallibus.

It is pretty tough to be poor, but being ashamed of it is putting salt on a sore.

The Western lady who read in a newspaper that baking powder was a good thing, thought she'd bake some, and her old man, on arriving at where the cabin had stood, said he wouldn't mind the aflair so much, if she had let the dog out.

THE FATE OF THE FOREMOST.

He who ascends to mountain tops shall find

The loftiest peaks most wrapt in clouds and snow;

He who surpasses or subdues mankind,

Must look down on the hate of those below.

Though high above the sun of glory glow,

And far beneath the earth and ocean spread,

Round him are icy rocks, and loudly blow

Contending tempests on his naked head,

And thus reward the toils which to those summits led.

Byron.

The great but unhappy poet who penned those lines, was one who realized, undoubtedly, to the fullest extent, the cruel truth of the words he was uttering.

Few men, indeed, ever had ampler opportunity of testing them with the hard touch-stone of experience.

Gifted by nature with transcendent genius, which raised him to the loftiest pinnacle of renown, placed him high above the most eminent of his contemporaries, and made him alike the envy and the admiration of his age, he speedily learned the sad lesson—sad but necessary to be learned that to be great does not always mean to be happy, and that to outstrip all competitors in a mad race for power or reputation, is not the surest way of winning their friendship and sympathy.

Though petted and praised in the beginning of his career, extolled for his talents and even defended in his wickedness, the time came when his star began to wane, when friends and admirers deserted him, when former champions were converted into accusers, and where once he had been courted, fondled and caressed, he finally was shunned, execrated and condemned.

He had aimed for the highest pinnacle of earthly glory, had spared no pains and begrudged no expenditures, had directed every talent, employed every means and strained every energy in the direction of this exclusive accomplishment, and in the morning of his life, like a pilgrim who had lost his way, he found himself upon the summit of a proud but barren eminence, far above the communion and sympathy of his race, far beneath the attainment of true glory and happiness, with clouds of calumny enveloping him about, with the poignant stings of outraged conscience working within, and the tempests of retribution and malevolent hatred beating mercilessly upon his unprotected head.

1 68 THE FATE OF THE FOREMOST.

His situation was indeed pitiable.

Conscious of guilt, but still too proud to repent; stubborn and unbending to his God and forsaken by his fellowman; he hung like a target between heaven and earth, unshielded from above and unpitied from below, exposed in all his moral nakedness to the keen fiery darts of envy, reprobation and revenge.

It was then he discovered that his seemingly high aim had been low; that his time and his talents had been wasted in the pursuit of a bodiless illusion; that the bright, alluring path which he had chosen, instead of leading him, as he had hoped, through bowers of bliss to a garden of glory beyond, had enticed him up the devious, rock-strewn mountain-side, filled his sensitive flesh with thorns and briers, and left him cold and bleeding upon the naked rocks of disappointment and despair.

Such was the fate of this man of "sublime possibilities,"but mistaken aspirations;

such is the fate awaiting every man who labors to exalt and glorify himself, and neglects to seek first the

Kingdom of God and its righteousness.

But the case of Lord Byron is only one picked out of ten thousand.

The unhappy consequences of being eminent are shown forth in the lives of the best as well as the brightest of mankind.

We are quite as often called upon to commiserate the lotof the prominent among men, as to gaze with envious or admiring eyes upon their exalted station.

No matter where we may look for an illustration of this fact, any field wherein it is possible for man to excel his fellow-man will readily furnish an abundance of examples.

Like a mark to be shot at is the man who either lifts himself or is lifted into any kind of conspicuousness.

He was a clear observer who said that censure was a tax, paid for the privilege of being eminent.

I recollect with much distinctness, in the days of early childhood, how heartily hated by his schoolmates was the boy of model behavior, who wore the teacher's silver medal as a reward for well learned lessons and exemplary deportment.

Though totally innocent of any other offence, he was made the butt of every jest, the victim of every ruse, the object of every humiliating word or action which jealous spleen had the power to inflict.

We older children look back and laugh over these childish reminiscences, and not unlike the self-righteous Pharisee, who "would not have stoned the prophets if he had lived in their day,"vainly imagine that such things belong entirely to the past.

Men, however, are but "children of a larger growth,"and too often manifest, even in their old age, the selfish and unreasonable traits exhibited in their days of childhood.

All are not alike.

Some sincerely struggle against, and succeed in conquering their evil impulses, and frequently, in their stead, develop rare virtues which once gave little if any evidence of existence, while others are fortunate in the absence of such vices and the possession of these virtues from the beginning.

Nevertheless, there are men now living, and their name is legion, who either have never studied to subdue their selfish passions, or have made little perceptible progress in the work of subjugation.

Men who seem to be forever miserable if they see anybody else attempting to be otherwise; who, like "the lean and hungry Cassius,"are never at ease while they behold one greater than themselves; who labor all day and lie awake nights, devising schemes of treachery that will hinder the advancement of their rivals, and ruin the hopes and happiness of those who have attained or are striving to attain, the summit of their legitimate desires.

But the passion of envy is not confined to any particular class.

The successful man who has "reached the highest point of all his greatness"is quite as apt to exhibit it as the disappointed seeker after name and position.

The young are envious of the honors of the old, and the old are jealous of the encroachments of the young.

There is a class more expressively than elegantly termed "old fogies,"who seem to think that the glory of life went out with the last sun set and that it would be the climax of folly and presumption for another sun to attempt to rise upon the world, who apparently imagine

ALMA MATER.

that from the Nazareth of the rising generation no good thing can possiblycome, and having Moses and the Prophets already, prepared to oppose to the bitter end any and every innovation upon the antique boundaries of tradition.

On the other hand, there is a class very properly denominated "upstarts;"green and tender twigs upon the staunch old trees of the forest, rearing high their insignificant heads, rustling their little leaves aloft in haughtiness, and affecting an independence and superiority over the grand old trunks which have supplied them with all their nourishment and without whose constant support it would be utterly impossible for them to exist.

It would be difficult to decide which is the more deserving of contempt.

One would put clogs upon the wheels of progress, while the other would place the cart before the horse intended to draw the load.

.

There is something of an excuse for jealousy, poor one though it be, when rivals are engaged simultaneously in building up their reputations.

We are constrained to make a degree of allowance for the runner who, being about to be beaten in the race throws out his foot to trip up his successful competitor.

Criminal and cowardly though it be, such an act admits of some palliation, since heat of passion is amenable for many indiscretions which in its absence would never occur, but that this species of jealousy should exist and continue to incite hostility after one or both of the contestants have retired from the arena of action, is something far more strange and unreasonable.

Macready, the great English tragedian, confessed, that it gave him actual pain to hear of a rising dramatic star, and though his own fame and fortune were forever assured, that he was so unhappily constituted he could not but look with displeasure and alarm upon every new triumph in the histrionic field, and consider it as a dangerous infringement upon his rights and possessions.

An open confession is said to be good for the soul, and we instinctively admire Macready for the moral courage displayed in his acknowledgement.

There are many individuals, equally unfortunate in disposition, who entirely lack his candor, and who, while working with might and main for the overthrow of a rival, would represent as their motive anything on earth excepting the base passion which actuates them.

O. F.

Whitney.

ALMA MATER.

Cambridge, England, stands in a spacious, delightful and fertile plain on the river Cam.

Its University is one of the oldest;

its records were burned in the Market Place by Wat Tyler, in the reign of Richard II.

The university has a chancellor, under whom is a commissary who holds a court of record, a high steward, a vice-chancellor who is independent of the chancellor, and has the exercise of the government of the university; under him are two proctors, generally M.

A's, and two taxers for weights and measures, a register, besides four beadles and a librarian.

To the University belong sixteencolleges,Downing college having been built within the present century, founded by Sir John Downing, Baronet, who left an estate of six thousand pounds per annum to endow it.

There are halls or houses, with the same number of heads or masters;

five hundred fellowships added to the masters, and in conjunction with them, have the oversight of the students, about seven hundred scholarships and four hundred and thirty-six exhibitions.

The number of students is about two thousand.

All the colleges, only two excepted, lie around the skirts of the town, have a beautiful prospect into the fields, a pure air and fine gardens;

the college walks and grounds are very beautiful, shaded by large ancient trees, whose whisperings seem to breathe of calm and seclu-

ALMA MATER.

sion, of the classical learning of by gone ages!

Order is everywhere visible; the lawns have a soft velvet appearance, and the broad gravel walks invite crowds of pedestrians every day; for all are thrown open to the public, except for three days in the year, when their rights are established by the closing of the gates.

The branch of the Cam meanders through these lovely grounds, and enhances their beauty, I might say sublimity.

Trinity and St.

John's are the two head colleges, Byron was a student in the first, and there is a fine statue of him, presented by his executors toTrinity library, standing in the centre of the broad aisle, upon a pedestal of Parian marble, Thorwaldsen being the artist,and it is worthy his great name.

The figure is reclining against a broken Corinthian pillar, with "Childe Harold"in the left hand, a pencil in the right, the point resting on the chin, the countenance upraised in meditation or in inspiration, and the tout ensemble is perfect.

For many years this was the only public monument of England's great poet.

The Bishop of London, a man of narrow mind, and pompous authority, having refused entombment of his remains in Westminster Abbey.

This the prophetic mind of Byron had anticipated—and when only thirteen, the vision of his mind being open to the future—he wrote the truthful words "My epitaph shall be my name alone!"But within the last year, a splendid monument has been erected of him in Hamilton Gardens, the site having been given by the Queen, and the Hellenic marble, of which it is composed presented by Greece;

Mr.

Bell being the artist.

Milton also received his collegiate education in this university, at Christ's college, in the grounds of which he planted a mulberry tree, and which was still living a few years ago, guarded with religious care.

This university has sent many bright and noble men into the world, as statesmen and divines, logicians and mathematicians, of which, one of the most renowned was Doctor Whewell; he was latterly master of Trinity college.

The college to which each student belongs, is designated by their academical dress, both in color and form, some being black and others dark blue;

the make of the dress is also indicative.

These dresses or "gowns,"as they are called, are exceedingly classical and elegant, and the cap is equally so;

a fellow commoner's gown is richly embroidered about the shoulders with gold thread, the cap bearing a heavy tassel of the same.

Trinity gowns are embroidered in white lace, tassel to match;

a Master of Arts wears a hat and a full gown of rich, heavy, black, Ottoman silk unadorned;

the dresses worn in chapel also denote the different degrees and are beautiful, graceful and classical.

The architecture of some of the colleges is very fine.

King's Chapel most especially is notable in this respect;

it was built and endowed by Edward IV and is remarkable for its sublime elegance.

The roof is of most unique structure without any pillars to support it;

it appears as though drawn together in sections each being held by a keystone of a ton weight.

The ante-chapel is divided from the inner, by a noble screen of exquisitely carved oak;

the entrance in the centre being guarded by curtains of heavy scarlet cloth.

The noble organ is placed on the centre of the screen, standing out in bold and grand relief.

It would be impossible to describe the sublime beauty of this inner chapel in this brief sketch;

but all that the mind can conceive of harmonious beauty may safely be indulged in, in an imaginative survey.

I will endeavor to assist it a little.

The interior is entirely of carved oak, stalls running up each side commencing with a reading desk, service being every afternoon at o'clock.

A student is selected to read the lessons for the day; one from the Bible, the other from the Testament, the choristers taking part in the services, and all wearing surplices.

The chapel is generally crowded, it being open to visitors.

Will any smile ironically at this description?

Indeed I should think very meanly of any man or woman I saw enter therein, without the most profound feeling of awe and veneration, and a con-

APOSTACY.

viction that they were standing in a sanctuary somewhat worthy of the God of the

Universe.

The communiontable fills up the entire end of the chapel.

The altar piece being a fine painting by Rubens the subject being "Taking down from the

Cross."It is truthful even to agony;

several figures are assisting, and as sad mourners are "the three Marys."The windows of this magnificent chapel have a history of their own; they are of stained glass, and portray the birth, life, mission and death of the Savior;

they are altogether exquisite, and, impulsively, every eye is raised to read their soul thrilling language.

Cromwell with a sacreligious brutality turned this world renowned chapel into a stable for his cavalry horses, but his design being forestalled the windows were taken out, and hid away with religious care, till the enlightened age dawned upon that distracted country, when they were replaced and the chapel restored in all its pristine beauty and grandeur; and no appearance of decay is visible in, or on any part of it to-day.

The Senate House is inclose proximity to this noble building, and St. Mary's,the

University church, is directly opposite to i t—the whole forming a fine quadrangle.

The church has a most magnificent set of bells and the clock most musical chimes.

In this vicinity are the public halls, the University or vice-chancellor's court house, and the University library, which extends over the halls, contains about forty-four thousand volumes, which were greatly augmented by

George III, with the library of Dr. John

Moor, Bishop of Ely, which consisted of thirty thousand volumes, and cost his majesty six thousand guineas, in acknowledgement of which the Senate directed a statue to be erected to him, which Lord Charles Townsend caused to be made of marble at his own expense.

There, also over the halls, is a fine cabinet of natural curiosities collected and presented by Dr.

John Woodward.

There are also many statues of men, and some costly pictures, scattered about these ancient colleges.

Prince Albert was installed Chancellor of the University in 1842, and held that office till his lamented demise.

The heir apparent of the English crown graduated in that renowned seat of learning.

The University sends two members to Parliament.

Rex.

APOSTACY.

11.

Having shown that many of the ancient Saints departed from the Plan of Salvation, we now proceed to examine another branch of the subject, namely:

The external events in connection with the history of the church which conspired to overthrow the people of God.

From the quotations made in the former article which state that "the love of many shall wax cold";

"many shall follow their pernicious ways"etc.

it may be asked, What became of the few that were faithful?

Did not they confer the authority of Heaven, upon a people in some remote corner of the earth?

And from thence have they not continued the true Church down to the present time?

In answer to these queries we shall refer to the declarations contained in Holy Writ.

When the Savior made His appearance in the flesh there were many religious denominations extant, some of which professed a firm belief in the Bible the Old Testament—notwithstanding the ancient prophets plainly foretold the birth and ministry of the Savior, the religious element bitterly opposed Him and denounced new revelation, as manifest through the Redeemer, as the masses of the human family always have done whenever the Almighty has introduced a new dispensation of the Gospel.

The Lord fully understanding the result of this bitter persecution said to His Apostles;

"Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you;

and ye shall

APOSTACY.

be hated of all nations for my name's sake."Matt. 24—9.

The vile treatment to which the Ancient Apostles were subject, and the final martyrdom of many of them, is evident to all who have acquainted themselves with the history of those inspired men;

but scriptural evidence as to their destiny, in this respect is quite abundant.

Mark says, 13th chapter 9th verse:

"But take heed to yourselves; for they shall deliver you up to councils;

and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten;

and ye shall be brought before rulers, and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them."Another witness to this testimony of our

Savior has also left us the following;

"And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends and some of you shall they cause to be put to death."We have then the testimony of three witnesses bearing upon the same point.

It is a remarkable fact that in all ages of the world when the Lord has committed a dispensation of the Gospel to men upon the earth,that theHeavenly message has not only been rejected by the great majority of the human family;

but the envy and hatred of many have been so excited as to instigate measures of violence against the humble servants of the

Lord.

Especially is this true when applied to the religious element; more directly to those who profess to be the public instructors of the people.

Notice the action taken by the Pharisees, Sadducees, and other religious classes regarding the ancient Saints, for while the votaries of these sects were divided relative to points of doctrine and disagreed upon the writings of the Prophets, they combined their efforts to overthrow the chosen people.

The Savior, indicating the class who would imbue their hands in the blood of the Prophets, said "These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.

They shall put you out of the synagogues yea the time cometh that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.

John 16—1, 2.

Now this could not apply to the atheistic world, for that denies the existence of God.

It could not mean the infidel class for while they may not deny the existence of a Supreme

Being, they disavow all forms of worship.

On the other hand we see that the Savior's prediction was directed to the religious world, and from the facts of the case, it seems especially applicable to that portion of it, which claimed to believe in the writings of the ancient Prophets.

Immediate revelation from Heaven has always come in contact with the vain traditions and religious crafts of men, so that the strictest professors of religion were anciently and are now among the foremost men in persecuting the Saints and seeking to deprive them of the rights and privileges which other men enjoy.

In connection with the evidence found in the Holy Scriptures on this part of the subject, the thousands of Latter-day Saints, who have suffered by the hand of oppression in this dispensation of the Gospel, are living witnesses.

When the Revelator John, who was the last remaining of the quorum of the Twelve Apostles on the eastern hemisphere, was in banishment upon the Isle of Patmos, he saw the image of a beast, representing a power that should arise in the earthy make war with the Saints and overcome them". "And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him? * * And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme His name, and His tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.

And it was given unto him to make war with the Saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations".

This declaration of the Scriptures is very broad, indicating clearly that the Saints should be overcome and the power of the beast so extensive as to cover all "kindreds, tongues, and nations,"thus leaving the people destitute of divine authority and bereft of the glorious plan of redemption.

By turning to the second chapter of Daniel we learn something with regard to the period of time when this power which made war with the Saints, and overcame

APOSTACY.

them should flourish in the earth.

The metallic image which Nebuchadnezzar saw in his dream consisting of gold, silver, brass, iron and clay, we are told in the interpretation given by Daniel the Prophet, represented several kingdoms, beginning with Babylon, which we learn from history flourished in the fifth and sixth centuries before Christ;

the second—the Medo Persian governments from about the year 538 to 331 B.

C.j third—the Macedonian kingdom, founded by Alexander the Great from 331 to 161 B. C;

fourth—the Roman empire which flourished from B. C.

to 483 A. D.

This last named government was represented in the metallic image by the two legs of iron, which resemble very much the two divisions of the Roman empire, the one having its seat of government at Rome the other at Constantinople, which subsequently sub-divided into the petty governments of modern Europe, having in them the elements of strength and weakness, as indicated by the feet and toes of the image, which were part of iron and part of clay.

It will be discovered by the dates given above that it was during the time of the Roman empire that our Lord and Savior was born into the world. As early as the banishment of the Apostle John, about 96 A. D., we discover that the apostles forming the chief quorum of officers in the church of Christ had nearly all been martyred. We are informed in Mosheim's

Ecclesiastical Institutes that 70 years A.

D.Vespasian and his son Titus besieged the City of Jerusalem with an army, destroyed the city and the temple, and slew many of the inhabitants, this event having been predicted by the Savior, and recorded in Matthew xxiv.

In speaking of this power that should destroy the Saints, Daniel the Prophet says "And he shall speak great words against the most High and shall wear out the Saints of the most High."We might illustrate, how literally these prophecies were verified, by the following example.

Previous to the late civil war in the American Union the South organized a republican form of government, with the requisite officers to constitute such a government.

In a short time however the Northern States engaged in war with the South and overcame them, so that the confederacy of that section, ceased to exist.

Suppose that a stranger should visit the South at the present time and enquire of some person in that region of country, if they still have a republic entirely independent of the Northland on being answered:

"We have, "the visitor queries.

"Where is your President?""Well he's done away with, because no longer needed.""He is next asked.

"Where is your Vice President?""Oh, we havenone.""Where is your Congress?''"Well, that was dissolved long ago;

and has'nt existed since.""P ray then!"says the stranger "what have you left?""Well wehave a judge, and a policeman, besides the book, which gives a history of the officers, which you enquire about."

Such answers;

however absurd, and inconsistent, are very similar to those offered by the religious world of to day, who claim to have the church of Christ but when asked; "Where are your Apostles?"

They answer; "We have none, they're done away with.""Have you Prophets?""Oh, no!

They are no longer needed.""Do the members of your church enjoy the gifts of the Holy Spirit that Jesus promised should follow believers?""Certainly not, they have passed away centuries ago, and we have no occasion for them now.""Well then, what have you left?""Why, we have a Pastor, and a Deacon, and then we have the good book,the Holy Bible, that describes the officers that you mention."

It is very evident then from the condition of affairs that we have briefly described, that at some period in the past, the Church of Jesus Christ, was taken from the earth, and the human family left without the plan of salvation.

The prophecies we have quoted show, first; that such an event was to transpire some time in the future, secondly; about the period of time in which many of these predictions were verified, and, thirdly; the means or power by which the Saints were overcome.

There are other prophecies contained in the Bible, which plainly show, that the results of the ancient apostacy would be

i74 MUSIC.

universal, and continue in the earth until a certain period in the history of the human family, which may with other items form the subject matter of another article on this subject.

As the predictions of the Prophets relating to the past have been so literally verified, it should promote, in the hearts of the youth of Zion, great faith in the words of the Lord, as written in the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and all the holy scriptures, and as delivered through the prophets of God who now live in the midst of the Saints, for though "Heaven and earth shall pass away"the word of the Lord will never fail.

Matthias F.

Cowley.

The good things which belong to prosperity are to be wished, but the good things which belong to adversity are to be admired.

Bacon.

MUSIC.

Progression, and that in a marked degree, has ever been characteristic of Utah.

And in no one thing, perhaps, has more rapid advancement been made, than in music.

The spirit of music has been a prominent feature in the Mormon character from the very birth of the Church.

In the early days of Utah, when the tide of immigration, which Secretary Evarts subsequently strove so impotently to check, commenced to fill the chambers of the Rocky Mountains with a great and happy people, the joyous spirit of song, time without number, riveted the attention of the gentiles, who chanced to hear the little bands of pilgrim Saints pouring from their overflowing hearts the beautiful songs of Zion.

It has held a controlling influence in our worshipping assemblies, and claimed a place in the foreground of our public recreations and pleasures.

The echoes of our rugged canons have resounded with the spirit of song as it spontaneously burst from the throats of rough and ready mountain boys;

the family circle has strengthened its holy bonds under the influence of music;

it has held sway in all the social relationships of our mountain home.

But the art divine, the cultured practice, was not very observably developed until, outgrowing the pioneer stage, popular sentiment began to trim from the social tree the knarled knots upon its trunk, and to prune its scraggy limbs.

The impetus once imparted, however, the growth of music as an art was rapid and substantial; and its soul expanded with redoubled en'ergy.

It now has many whole-hearted patrons;

quite a number of whom are leaders in society, who have the necessary means and influence to materially aid the cause.

The local presidents faithfully advocate the cause of music, both vocal and instrumental;

and eventually, periodcals devoted exclusively to the art, or adopting its advocacy as a leading feature, will be established.

Very respectable mercantile firms, also, begin to cater to the public taste.

The Sabbath school system of the Latter-day Saints, if not the leading power in elevating music to a popular plain, is certainly a most effective agent;

and the drama, too, lends its aid.

Poetry is now cheered in its onward march;

and the composer begins to exercise his God-given faculties to good purpose.

But no royal road to excellence is found for the children of song and their kindred associates, to tread.

The composer especially finds the highway to fame steep and extremely difficult of ascent.

The outside world is literally flooded with publications, from which a great variety of choice productions can be selected.

These have the vantage ground—they savor of age, and have an established reputation;

every facility is at their command and, therefore, great are ihe odds against which our home talent has to contend.

Perhaps the most serious obstacle, however, in the path of

THE BIBLE.

progress is the network of traditional cobwebs that enwrap the souls of many, children of the light though they might be, whose callings as schoolteachers, sabbath-school officers, etc., closely connect them with musical interests. The noble cause is steadily gaining, popular sentiment begins to lean in its favor, and I predict for our home artists, whether poets, musicians, painters, sculptors, or dramatists a glorious victory at no distant day.

But, to gain it, a vigorous effort is needed;

the pulpit and the press, the capitalist, the public man and humble citizens must, one and all, give the arts their most hearty support.

Such cities as Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo and Logan have facilities and cultivated talent for educating those who are naturally gifted in music, and can maintain organized choirs, bands, etc.

But in the rural districts and less populous settlements the case is very different.

Such localities are measurably destitute of persons who, by nature, culture, will and condition, are prepared to teach music as an art, or even to effectually train and conduct a choir.

There is no surer sign of true greatness than is manifested in an ever ready disposition to aid the weak.

Therefore I would plead with the liberal minded and large hearted of our community, whose circumstances are favorable, to still further exercise their benevolence in this laudable direction.

Let organizations be effected at our central localities with a view to bringing together, where needed, the instructor and those who can be induced to become pupils.

To awaken stronger desires for improvement;

and to place the study of music before the masses in such pleasing and effective methods as to break down the prejudice, now existing, against mastering its notation.

Let us appreciate the fact that the time has come for the patrons of art to arouse themselves and, by systematized and earnest effort prepare to place Utah in the position she is destined to occupy, the front rank among the leading musical forces of the world.

The very genius of the grand cause in which we are engaged—the regeneration and perfection of all things—demands it.

Advocate.

THE BIBLE, Notwithstanding the book called the Bible is so generally known among our young people, comparatively little is understood concerning its origin, preservation, compilation and translation.

We all understand that the Bible is composed of two parts termed the Old and New Testaments, the former containing thirty-nine books and the latter twenty-seven;

and both held sacred by all Christian nations.

The Jews, however, believe only in the Old

Testament which book they divide into twenty-two parts to correspond with their alphabet.

Little is known of the sacred books previous to the time of the Jewish captivity, but the earliest accounts state that they were written in the Hebrew language, with the exception of certain later portions, written in Chaldaic.

Moses commanded that the "books of the law"should be put into the ark, where doubtless other sacred records were also kept.

Solomon, at the completion of his Temple, commanded that the records should be placed therein; where most probably they perished with other sacred records at the capture of Jerusalem, by

Nebuchadnezzar, at which time the Temple was destroyed.

After the return of the Jews from captivity, Ezra, about 450 years B. C. was commanded to bring forth the "book of the law of the Lord,"which he accordingly did, by collecting as many manuscript copies of the books which had been destroyed at Jerusalem as practicable and from them prepared a correct edition.

Concerning this compilation, Josephus says that from the time of Ezra down to his own day no one had dared either to add to or take from or alter any-

THE BIBLE.

thing in the sacred book.

So particular were the Jews in this respect that they even numbered the words and letters contained in each book.

The Masorites were a people who were exceedingly scrupulous to insure no change in the wording of the manuscript, yet are frequently condemned by biblical critics for altering the text to conform to their doctrines and prejudices.

The more general opinion, however, is that they were sincere, fair and impartial.

The most prominent translations of the Bible are the Septuagint, the Vulgate, the Douay and the English King

James'translation.

The Septuagint is a translation in Greek of the Hebrew Old

Testament, and was made in Alexandria,

Egypt, about 200 years B. C. According to one account, a learned and noted Jew wishing a copy for his library, applied to one Eleazar, doubtless a member of the

Sanhedrim, for six elders from each of the twelve tribes, to make a translation from the Hebrew text, which, when completed was named after the seventy-two translators, the Septuagint, meaning seventy.

This edition was highly esteemed in the days of the Savior, who himself invariably quoted from it.

Josephus makes allusion to it as being more authentic than the Hebrew from which it was translated.

Next in order comes the Vulgate, which translation was made from the Septuagint about A. D.

390, by Jerome, and is at the present date the book of authority in the Roman Catholic church.

The Douay Bible, which differs so materially from the English Bible, is merely an English translation of the Vulgate and received its name through being first published in Douay, a town in

France.

The cause of its many imperfections is probably from its being translated from the Vulgate which was a translation of the Suptuagint, as before stated.

Had the translation been made directly from the latter book it would perhaps have been more correct.

Our English Bible, commonly known as King James'translation, being translated by order of and dedicated to King

James I of England, was translated directly from the original Hebrew and Greek, and not from the Septuagint as the

Vulgate had been.

The labor required fifty-four of the most learned men of the kingdom three years to complete it.

The division of the Scriptures made in the days of Ezra was into three branches; viz: the "Law,"the "Prophets,"and the "Writings"or "Psalms."For instance, our Savior said, "All things must be fulfilled which are written in the Law of Moses, and the Prophets, and in the Psalms concerning me."Luke xxii 44.

Later division into chapters is said to have been made by Cardinal Hugo, about 1240, and about three hundred years subsequently the chapters were divided into verses by Robert

Stevens, while on horseback on a journey.

The books of the New Testament were originally written in Greek.

In earlier years the number ofbooks the Testament contained was probably double the present number, but the authenticity of some being questioned by various synods of Bishops of Rome, many were discarded.

The first intimation we have of their being in a state of compilation is that about A. D. 170 there were a number of books accepted by the consent of the Bishops in council assembled, which comprised but a portion of the

Bible of to-day.

Gradually the whole book became time-honored and thereby authenticated until Christendom to-day accepts the whole book without question.

In the early introduction of Christianity into England, by St. Austin, portions of the New Testament were translated by King Alfred himself, and others under his direction, for the use of the people, then very ignorant and barbarous.

The first partial translation of the Old Testament was made by the Bishop of Sherborne, about 706.

Father Bede is said to have made the first complete English translation of the Scriptures, in the thirteenth century, King Alfred also translated a portion of the Psalms.

Scores of translations have since then been made.

One has recently been executed in England by a body of men composed of Americans and Englishmen, who, imagining they understand better

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

the principles of translation and from their improved knowledge of the originals consider they have rendered a more correct translation, than any heretofore, and this independently of the Spirit of the Lord, by which "holy men of old wrote and sDoke."Ed. E. Brain.

Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.

THE ECHO CANYON WAR.

The first councils of our people, on learning of the approach of the army, were held in the spirit of self-defence.

It was decided that political and religious liberty were dearer than life.

These deliberations resulted in pacific instructions to the Church and civil authorities, exhorting the people to faithfulness and confidence in the protecting power of the Almighty.

The following communication to the district military commanding officers, was the first official notice given them of the threatened invasion of the Territory and of the intention to forcibly resist the enemy.

Headquarters Nauvoo Legion, Adjt.

General's Office, G. S. L. City, Aug.

1, 1857.

Sir:

Reports, tolerably well authenticated, have reached this office that an army from the Eastern States is now en ro7ite to invade this Territory.

The people of this Territory have lived in strict obedience to the laws of the parent and home governments, and are ever zealous for the supremacy of the

Constitution and the rights guaranteed thereby.

In such time, when anarchy takes the place of orderly government and mobocratic tyranny usurps the power of rulers, they have left the inalienable right to defend themselves against all aggression upon their constitutional privileges.

It is enough that for successive years they have witnessed the desolation of their homes;

the barbarous wrath of mobs poured upon their unoffending brethren and sisters; their leaders arrested, incarcerated and slain, and themselves driven to cull life from the hospitality of the desert and the savage.

They are not willing to endure longer these unceasing outrages; but if an ex- terminating war be purposed against them and blood alone can cleanse pollution from the Nation's bulwarks, to the

God of our fathers let the appeal be made.

You are instructed to hold your command in readiness to march at the shortest possible notice to any part of the Territory.

See that the law is strictly enforced in regard to arms and ammunition, and as far as practicable that each

Ten be provided with a good wagon and four horses or mules, as well as the necessary clothing, etc., for a winter campaign.

Particularly let your influence be used for the preservation of the grain.

Avoid all excitement, but be ready.

Daniel H.

Wells, Lieut. General Commanding.

By James Ferguson, Adjt. Gen.

Copies of this letter were sent to the following:

Col. W. H. Dame, Parowan;

Maj. L. W. McCullough, Fillmore; Maj.

C. W. Bradley, Nephi; Maj. Warren S.

Snow, Sanpete; Gen.

Aaron Johnson, Peteetneet;

Col. Wm.

B.

Pace, Provo;

Maj. Samuel Smith, Box Elder;'

Col. C.

W. West, 'Weber;

Col.

P.

C.

Merrill, Davis; Maj. David Evans, Lehi;

Maj.

Allen Weeks, Cedar; Maj.

John Rowberry, Tooele.

Within a few days these instructions reached the various districts and were quietly acted upon.

There was a universal cleaning of arms, filling up of cartridge boxes, and attention given to the equipment of horses, teams and camping outfits.

On the thirteenth of August orders were issued for the first movement of our forces.

It was directed to Col.

Robert T.

Burton, instructing him to take the field with one hundred and sixty men from the first regiment.

He, however, started on the fifteenth with but

THE ECHO CANON WAR.

seventy men from the Life Guards.

Among the officers accompanying this expedition were Col. Jas. Cummings, of the general staff, Maj.

J. M.

Barlow, Quartermaster and Commissary, Capt.

H. P.

Kimball, Maj.

H. W. Lawrence, Lieuts. J. Q. Knowlton and C. F. Decker.

They were afterwards joined by a company from Provo, commanded by Capt.

Joshua Clark.

The instructions given Col. Burton were to march to the east on the main traveled road, affording aid and protection to the incoming trains of immigrants, and to act as a corps of observation to learn the strength and equipment of forces reported on the way to Utah, and report to headquarters;

but not to interfere with life or property of any one they might encounter on the road.

Speaking of this trip, Gen. Burton says: We arrived at Fort Bridger August 2ist,and met the first company of immigrants at Pacific Springs on the 26th.

On the following day we met Moody's company from Texas, also several large supply trains, entirely unprotected by any escort.

On the 29th I left my wagons and half of the men and animals on the Sweetwater, proceeding with pack animals.

On the 30th I arrived at Devil's Gate, with Kimball, Cummings and Decker's command coming up the next day;

here on the 31st we met Jones, Stringam and others on their way from Deer Creek to Salt Lake City, and on the day after Capt. John R. Murdock, from the States.

The latter brought word of the intense bitterness expressed all over the Union against the Mormons, and of the expectations that many entertained that the people of Utah were about to be annihilated by the strong arm of the military power. These companies proceeded immediately on their way to the city, while Col. Burton and command were engaged cacheing provisions for future use.

On Sept. 8th he sent an express to the Platte, which returned on the 12th.

From this time the expedition returned slowly towards the city, thoroughly examining the country, and posting themselves upon all points likely to be of advantage later in the campaign.

They also kept a good look out on the scouting and other military movements, forwarding by express all information of interest to General Wells and Governor Young.

On the 17th they received an express from Salt Lake, by J.

M.

Simmons and O.

Spencer, and from this date men were kept iri the saddle night and day between the front and headquarters.

Sept.

16th, N.

V.

Jones and Stephen Taylor brought an express from the city, and on the 21st Col.

Burton took three men, H. P. Kimball,

H. W.

Lawrence and John Smith and again moved east to the vicinity of Devil's Gate, and camped, Sept. 22nd, within half a mile of Col. E. B. Alexander's command.

Here they first met the advance of the Utah army, and from that time were its immediate neighbors until it arrived at Ham's Fork.

The system of expressing information to and from Salt Lake City by daring, hardy men, mounted on mustang horses, was most thorough and safe.

The adventures of those thus engaged and the tales of cold, hunger, and many discomforts which they can tell, would fill volumes with matter of the intensest interest, enlivened by an amount of philosophical humor, which one is surprised to find the threatening prospects of the times in no way daunted.

It is safe to say that no body of men marshalled out to fight for home, country and religion ever enjoyed themselves better or were more susceptible to the ridiculous or fun-creating situations than they.

Escapes from imminent danger would be heralded with more laughter than interest,—for they were common—and the particularly awkward, though perilous accident of a comrade, from whatever cause, more frequently excited the risibles than the pity of his fellows.

It was thought by Governor Young and General Wells that when Capt. Van

Vliet returned and reported the discouraging result of his labors in behalf of the army, that rather than risk men and animals out in the cold and severe winter, the officers in charge would order a retreat, at least to Laramie or some other military post, where the soldiers could be comfortable and out of

POLITICAL DUTIES OF THE HOUR.

danger.

The orders sent to Col. Burton were to this effect: watch the movements of the army closely, keeping between it and the immigrant and supply trains;

if, when Col. Van Vliet reports, the army still persists in its onward march toward the city, use every means in your power to harass and hinder it by stampeding stock, etc.

Every effort was made to secure the uninterrupted progress of the season's immigration, and the freight trains, which were loaded with States goods that were almost indispensable.

The efforts were entirely successful, the army at no time overtaking the trains, which arrived in the valley safely.

There was no movement of the enemy from the time Col.

Burton approached them at Devil's Gate, on the Sweetwater that our officers were not speedily apprized of.

Scouts and spies were with them continually, examining their camps, arms, equipments, etc., and reporting to headquarters.

Many and varied were the adventures of these and of the small stampeding parties that were engaged in driving off cattle.

It may be said to the credit of the army that great precautions were taken to guard against such parties and to save the stock; had it not been so, before reaching Ham's Fork they would not have had an ox, horse or government mule left.

As it was, upwards of one thousand five hundred head of stock were taken away from them, and they were considerably annoyed by night surprises, etc.

It is here proper to remark that the cattle, horses, and other stock taken during the campaign were, on the conclusion of peace, returned to the officers at

Camp Floyd, for which act neither thanks nor compensation was ever rendered.

Among the animals that fell into our hands was a pet mule, owned by Col.

Alexander; an old, white, gentle creature, the pride of the Colonel's household.

Governor Young was particularly requested to take charge of this distinguished favorite, and accordingly had it sought out from the herd, stabled in a reserved stall of his barn and fed on the fat of the land.

The attention bestowed upon it became the subject of diplomatic correspondence between the commandants of the opposing forces;

yet, notwithstanding the enduring fame thus achieved and the tenderest care of experienced hostlers and veterinary surgeons, the poor prisoner succumbed to age and aggravated grief, at being ruthlessly torn from its associates and friends, and during the winter died, lamented by two armies.

Vaux.

POLITICAL DUTIES OF THE HOUR.

All our young men and women are agreed that, as members of the Church, they should be well acquainted with its characteristics and peculiarities, its requirements and demands, its laws and regulations, its organization and the powers of all its officers, its penalties for unfaithfulness and its blessings for integrity and devotion.

In order that this intelligent comprehension of the whole may be obtained, and made as near universal as possible, alhour settlements and wards have their

Sunday Schools, their Mutual Improvement

Associations, and other organizations, providing opportunity for reading, investigation, reflection and exercises in and for the express purpose of understanding in detail, these important matters. This is called religious teaching, and is meant for the acquisition of such salvation as inevitably grows out of or springs from the practice of principles which are eternal, and inseparably connected with real salvation.

Yet this in the world is generally supposed (erroneously no doubt) to be only of a spiritual character and pertaining to a future life;

as if man did not need salvation in many other directions and in this life, as well and as much as hereafter.

The fathers and mothers of the youth of Utah have not cherished the narrow ideas of salvation which are enter-

iSo POLITICAL DUTIES OF THE HOUR.

tained by the religious of mankind; their anxiety is and has been, for what the Gospel calls "a full and complete salvation,"a salvation of the whole man,and all his parts or sections of being, a salvation of "body, spirit and soul!"Hence the gathering, schools, social arrangements, commercial unity, "the word of wisdom,"subjection to municipal, county, territorial or state organizations;

each section with many others, individually, yet in unison, working out a "common salvation."And those who are satisfied to remain in ignorance, or knowing, are yet content to be neutral or inactive in any given direction, cannot expect that special salvation which comes from the understanding and practical application of sectional salvatory duty or obedience.

As citizens of our common country, individual members of this republic, we have certain duties, privileges, responsibilities and rights, and each of these should be understood by every young man and every young woman of this Territory; they should be subjects of reflection, of conversation, of debate and comments in our assemblies, for they are intimately blended with our political salvation.

The powers of citzenship are exercised in conventions, and at the ballot-box, and sometimes in official action, and the old proverb is true as ever, that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty;"where men or communities are careless of the exercise of these powers, they may be curtailed, withheld or entirely lost, more easily than they can be regained or restored after such loss.

Probably in the past there has not been as much attention given this matter as its importance required or would have justified;

there has been little or no opposition in our midst;

it has been said that men nominated were sure to be elected, and that one or two votes would make but little difference any way, so trifling excuses have allowed many to avoid or neglect an obligation just as sacred in its way as any so called religious duty. Many fathers and mothers have not sought to encourage our young men and women (their sons and daughters) to either reflection or action in this direction;

negligent themselves, their children are sure to be so; unnaturalized, their children have grown up without comprehension of the powers and activities of citizenship in their adopted country; the native born having lost some power by migration, have become careless as to the remainder, hence numerically (and numbers count) the people's party is not as strong as it might really otherwise be.

Besides all this, there has been an ever-increasing opposition to that growth of power which is so intimately blended with our conceptions of unity; many are jealous of our success, some are in love with our possessions, others with our'resources, and many are opponents from misrepresentation and many from prejudice; then, as the people here are [religionists, persuaded of a special mission, professing to have the Gospel and Priesthood and to look for the kingdom of God, believing also in revelation and the restoration of all good in "the dispensation of the fulness of time,"they have aroused the special ire of other religionists; this element, jealous and unauthorized, seeing only "their craft in danger,"seeks for legislative enactment to crush the growing power;

plural marriage being among the restored principles of salvation, and standing as a heaven established protest against the corruptions of a false faith, and false assumptions of inherent purity, is used as a lever to overthrow by legislation that which is invulnerable to argument, to science and to scripture.

The fathers and mothers of Israel, who, in obedience to God, in the practice of this principle, are to be disfranchised, are to be deprived of office, no matter how much sustained by those who, knowing them best, have most confidence in them;

and having made this country by their patience and industry, are to cease all control of its interests, and to be counted unworthy to participate in its rule.

This crisis will have to be met, and this too by our young men and young women; they will have to vote, they will have to hold office, they will have

OSCAR WILDE.

1S1 to stand in the breach and work for that political salvation, of which their parents are to be deprived, yet which is both privilege and birthright, and which Constitution and usage have made sacred, honorable and desirable, for the present and all future time.

Now is a good opportunity; there never was a time when information and intelligence were more needed on the topic of political salvation than now every alien should seek to become a citizen;

every young man of age should prepare himself to vote at once, and hold office should he be required;

every young woman who is or can be qualified should come in the spirit of devotion to right and privilege, to the discomfiture of those who are plotting against common interests, and seeking to jeopardize common rights and liberties;

those who are indifferent now will have cause to repent hereafter; opposition is not likely to decrease, religious fanaticism is hardly likely to cease to fan the flame of persecution; political partisans, bidding for the suffrages of an excited people, are not the ones to plead most heartily for right; imported demagogues and adventurers in our midst, are not of that class who desire justice when self interest bars the way;

men with ''everything to gain and nothing to lose,"see in revolution only a chance "to make a raise;"lawyers without fees see in continuous litigation a ruse to fill depleted coffers;

false scribes, political hawks and dead-beats look with envy on the power of truth and the beauty of hard earned homes, and all hell boils over in madness at continued non-success; and some of the so-called Saints think that God has forsaken His people and is about to bring them into bondage, while unbelief and negligence makes victims to shipwreck many once true and faithful souls.

In the young Elders, in the daughters of Zion, there is a large reserve of power;

let it be used intelligently, and the land that God gave the fathers when they fled from persecution, will not be wrested from them in old age and decrepitude; the consecrated powers of their posterity will bring political and local salvation, as their fathers in earlier life brought the salvation of the Gospel to those who were in bondage, yea, in the very "valley and shadow of death!"//. W. Naisbitt.

Self-respect is the early form in which greatness appears.

Emerson.

OSCAR WILDE.

To-day, as art in all its branches is making so firm an impression on the soil of the new world, there comes among us a genius of an unusual type.

Eccentric as geniuses always are, Oscar Wilde stands out as one of the oddest among the few, compared with the masses, who separate themselves sufficiently from the generality of people, to become known to the world.

Whence came he?

To speak truthfully and in a commonplace manner, he came originally from Dublin, is of a fine family, and his mother was a very clever writer; to speak aesthetically, he very probably soared out of the common reality of life to the heaven of the beautiful, and pitying the less favored ones below, he brings his principles among us to elevate us to his height.

A love of the beautiful, a display of good taste in all things, an endeavor to cultivate our minds that we may more readily appreciate whatever is lovely in nature and art, these are the fundamental doctrines of oestheticism.

Taking Keats for his model, as Mr.

Wilde tells us, he turned his attention to the revolutionizing of poetry and painting, and in the capacity of a laborer for this change he appears before us to-day.

Having become tired of the life around him, which was not an existence on the beautiful, and as a refuge where his soul could rest from the "vile traffic house"of bustling England, where his sensitive ears would no longer be pierced by the

OSCAR WILDE.

"ignorant cries"of its "rude people,"or the shrieking whistle of its iron horse, the poet turned his face toward "beautiful Italia."Here also his yearning spirit met with disappointment; for the Italia of his dreams is hailed "Queen Only, because rich gold in every town is seen."Rich gold, for which, I am thinking, the spiritual Oscar is to-day occupying the lecture stand and giving forth his soulfully soulful utterances.

We, at length, find him in America asking of her the completion of the movement which himself and others have begun.

"For you, at least, are young;"says he, in his lecture on the English Renaissance, "no hungry generations tread you down, and the past does not mock you with the ruins of a beauty, the scent of whose creation you have lost."And what does America answer to this eloquent appeal?

She pays Mr. Wilde a thousand dollars a night to hear him express his opinion on the hanging of a picture, the pattern of a carpet, the building of a house, the perfect loveliness of a life.

Many of her best families entertain him, give dinners and receptions in his honor; and most joyful of all to the heart of an earnest preacher, many of her children are becoming disciples of his new doctrine.

As a poet Mr. Wilde was first known to the public under the nom de plume "Postlethwaite;"and though his poems have been much ridiculed as aesthetic jargon, they nevertheless bear, here and there, strong impressions of talent.

His "Ave Imperatrix,"relating to England's glory in her possessions all over the world, and sorrowing for the many noble lives lost in obtaining that glory, is both beautiful in sentiment and strong in construction.

His poems savor less of the aesthetic than his lectures, and are, on the whole, superior to the latter, judging from the few lectures I have had the opportunity of perusing.

In the former he deals with much loftier subjects; he does not go so much into detail, nor expatiate at such length on insignificant topics as in the latter.

To do Mr. Wilde justice we must glance at his religious poems, which are decidedly the best in his collection.

His sonnet on "Easter Day"is very beautiful.

He seems to be perfectly sincere in his belief in and respect for religion and the Deity; and for this, if for nothing else, we should esteem the heart of the man.

A brief description of Oscar Wilde's personal appearance will not be out of place.

"He is a tall, well built man,"says an eye witness at his first lecture in New York, "with long light hair, parted in the middle, which curls slightly at the ends.

His features are all long and narrow, yet, withal, his face is both good looking and smart-looking.

He wears a short black velvet cut away-coat, deep white collar and cuffs, velvet knee-breeches, black silk stockings and low cut slippers.

His voice is pleasing and well modulated; and he speaks very distinctly."Did Mr.

Wilde look at the vast improvements of to-day with aless scornful eye did he not so thoroughly prize everything which is old and despise everything which is new;

did he not make such an oddity of himself in his dress and manner, I think that his doctrines would take deeper root and in time produce better fruit, than it is possible for them, under the present circumstances, to do.

By the time that the ethereal gentleman reaches the Pacific slope,

I do not imagine he will have such an aversion to the noisy, rattling engine; but that, in his heart, he will bless Mr.

Stevenson for inventing the iron monster, which, in its progress, has so ruthlessly cut up the green fields and "ye bonnie banks of merrie England."The journey will be long enough as it is.

And as he retraces his steps, or rather his ride, over the many miles of land covered with nothing but sagebrush and sunflowers, think you he will so highly prize the "gaudy leonine beauty"of the latter, considering it so preciously lovely, so utterly utter, as before?

Talula Young.

Willing to wound and yet afraid to strike.

What men want is not talent, it is purpose; not the power to achieve, but the will to labor.

Bulwer.

A WAKENING OF SPRING.

AWAKENING "When rosy plumelets tuft the larch,

And rarely pipes the mounted thrush;

Or underneath the barren bush Flits by the sea-blue bird of March."The long, long winter is over, or in common parlance, the first spring month is upon us, and though now and then the air is cold and raw, and the light fleecy snow falls occasionally, beautifying the landscape for a transitory moment, yet we cannot but see that spring de facto is about to pay us her annual visit.

Soon we shall have the sprightly, coy, artless maiden, whom we designate Spring, peeping out from sunny nooks and corners with her trailing garlands of green, and gladsome, shining face, though now and then bedewed with jeweled teardrops, yet all the more beautiful, with the pleasing contrast of sunshine and shade; and anon, with positive assurance of her real designs, she will burst forth in fairy-like beauty to gladden the universe.

She is heralded with the sweetest orchestra, to me, the most finished music, surpassing the composition of the finest masters.

The trilling and quavering of the forest birds, never ceases to be wonderful to the lover of nature.

These songs of the birds, and other evidences of springtime, convey to us more than the reality—there is something indefinable when we try to express it in words, but of which we are quietly conscious within—for want of a better term, the world declares it poetical sentiment, and as such

I accept it; knowing no more than the rest of man kind how to define it.

It is an inexpressible charm of sense and sound, an exhilaration imparted to the soul, by the sympathy of many unseen forces, and by the languid softening of the air, lengthening of the days, and the thousand beautiful things that make their appearance in such a marvelous manner, through an unseen effort of our mother earth, so joyful when these inanimate beings spring to life, that the effect of this renewal is everywhere apparent, although varying in its intensity.

One in intimate association with the OF SPRING.

woods and fields, finds much pleasure, poetry if you will, in the first indications of the bursting of the green leaf on the bare bough.

At this particular season of the year, the young hemlock is artistically beautiful, "lying almost flat upon the ground,"like a heavy carpet, richer in its designs than the most elaborate patterns of the skillful manufacturer.

There are many varieties of tree and leafy shrub that are exceedingly beautiful when bursting into leaf, and each of these might form a separate subject.

The graceful long leaved willows that fringe the brooklets on the river's edge;

although superstitiously suggestive of melancholy and traditional as funereal in aspect and bearing, yet, in the poetic mind, are associated even "sweetly and cheerfully;"for instance, Tennyson to the "Lady of Shallott:""Willows whiten, aspens quiver,

Little breezes dusk and shiver

Through the waves that run for ever,

By the island in the river Flowing down to Camelot."The simple word willow to me is poetry, musical and melodious.

"Sing willow, willow, willow, Sing all a green willow, must be my garland."

Desdemona says:

"My mother had a maid called Barbara;

She was in love; and he she loved proved mad

And did forsake her;

she had a song of willow;

An old thing 'twas, but it expressed her fortune, And she died singing it."These little snatches of quaint songs, perpetuate the tradition, and it may be that poets love to be melancholy or are imbued with a tinge of sadness which renders them happier.

Is this paradoxical?

This sentiment is one of the things of which words do not convey the whole meaning.

The reed is another of these sad and musical plants, and by its long peculiar leaves is said to suggest the idea of inditing, which endears it all the more to the heart of the poet.

At this season of the year, the reeds are a pale, exquisitely tasteful yellow, and as the soft,

1 84 AWAKENING OF SPRING.

cool wind sways and bends them hither and thither, they make pathetic music which is intensely "sweet, but sad."Keats expresses this fanciful sentiment concerning the reeds fancifully, and it accords with the strain in which I am writing:

how did we weep to find Naught but a lonely sighing of the wind

Along the reedy stream;

a half-heard strain;

Full of sweet desolation, balmy pain."N.

P.

Willis gives a truly poetical definition of the reed and the willow:

"The reeds bent down the stream,

The willow leaves, whose flowers the water

Like a gentle nurse bears on its bosom,

Quietly gave way, and leaned In graceful attitudes to rest."

The reed is often used as illustrative of weakness; always ready to bow before every breath of authority, yielding and submissive, as some of "the lords of creation"who are compared to sturdy oaks, desire women to be.

But as I am not moralizing, I will refrain from giving my views on this point.

In some countries there are many flowers that make their appearance early in the season.

In England, among wild flowers, the yellow daffodils bloom in March; and this pretty blossom is a favorite flower with some of the poets well known to fame.

Wordsworth speaks gracefully in verse of the floral splendor of the daffodils haunting him, he says, "They flash upon him in the bliss of solitude,"and Herrick thus laments their too early disappearance "Fair daffodils, we weep to see

You haste away so soon;

As yet the early rising sun Has not attained its noon;

Stay, stay Until the hasting day Has run But to the even song, And having prayed together, we

Will go with you along.

And 0,the violets of spring! who does not love them?

Modest, dainty and fragrant.

Who does not appreciate their lovely sweetness?

The perfume is wafted to my senses from far off years or, as one writer has beautifully expressed it, "like far-off reminiscenses of youth."The approach of spring speaks tenderly to me of lovely flowers and hanging vines, of the sweet music of song-birds, and glad hum of bees, of gay butterflies, of young lambs skipping and calves bleating, and all these are most welcome to one whose heart is in sympathy with the pulse of nature.

And while admiring all these, the works of a

Supreme Being, let us look up and adore the great Creator, not only of that which we see, but of the soul by which we sense and enjoy them. Like the Psalmist of old, one might well exclaim at this season, "Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad.

Let the field be joyful and all that is therein; then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice."Amethyst.

Speculation.—A Yankee boy on his way to school took notice that a millshaft which consisted of a long, straight, slim, tree trunk, was wearing out;

its giving way was only a question of time.

He knew that seasoned wood would be needful to replace it; a green trunk would not answer.

He cut one, stripped the bark,, smoothed the knots, and laid it in his father's door-yard.

A year later the shaft broke, and the mill-owner was anxiously looking for a substitute.

"What will you take for that hickory pole?""One hundred dollars, sir.""A hundred dollars for that stick!""Yes, sir;

I cut it for your mill a year ago, when

I saw the shaft was wearing out."And the mill man was glad to pay rather than have his mill stand idle while he seasoned a new shaft for himself.

Now this youth rendered a useful service to the neighborhood, and deserved his money.

This was speculation; genuine, natural, honest speculation.

That mercy I to others show, That mercy show to me.

Pope.

Pie can't be wrong whose life is in the right.

Virtue has many preachers, but few martyrs.

TWILIGHT REVERIES.

TWILIGHT REVERIES.

The shadows rest upon the mountains high,

And blue and purple haze enwraps them now,

And clouds, fantastical, pil'd against the sky,

Wreathe quaint, odd garlands round the mountain's brow.

How gently twine shadows and clouds so gray,

Changing to dullness things but late so bright,

Yet from the beauteous west the closing day

Casts glim'ring glances of its fading light.

Oft have I watch'd the phantoms twilight made,

Dissolving day and night in one another,

And in similitude my fancies play'd

With light and shade, and blended them together.

The soft breeze gently whispers in the leaves,

In tones so musical, and sweet, and low,

The echoes thrilling me—

till mem'ry weaves The reveries of the hour with "long ago

The visions of the past fill all my soul, And through the vista of the years grown grim

I trace the outlines, as upon a scroll,

Of forms and scenes familiar, though so dim.

I see the forests near my childhood's home

And here again the voices of the breeze,

And troop on troop the floods of mem'ries come,

And I seem wand'ring 'mid those ancient trees.

And all that then was mine, of youthful hope,

And sweet affection, with her myriad powers

All these, I gather in the shadow'd scope V Of fancy, as I muse in twilight hours.

Sweet tones of love fall lightly on my ear,

Again I feel the clasp of hands now cold,

And shudd'ring pause, 'twixt happiness and fear, As the vast panorama is unrolled.

'Tis pleasant thus to view the path we've trod,

And mark where here and there our feet have stray 'd,

Where sometime fell a heavy, chast'ning rod

And soft the whisper, be not thou afraid,

Sooth 'cl all the wound—and cheered us ever on,

And list'ning close the still small voice we hear, Now plainer grown than when life first begun,

Helping and guiding us as the goal we near.

If on our way some shadows in the years,

Darken'd our path, and hid the light from view,

Now looking back through mists of bitter teai-s,

We know, WHOSE HAND has led us safely through.

When the last eventide has fully come,

And twilight reveries on earth are o'er;

May hope triumphant light us to that home,

Where tears, and doubt, and grief are known no more.

Emmdine B.

Wells.

i86 EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

JUNIUS F. WELLS, Editor and Publisher.

terms:

Two Dollars a Year, In Advance.

Single Copy, Twenty Cents.

Salt Lake City, March, 1882.

THE "EDMUNDS BILL."Senator George F.

Edmunds, of Vermont, has succeeded in securing the passage by Congress and the executive approval of his anti-polygamy bill.

It is now a law of the land.

Its provisions, in several respects, are regarded by our people and by many outsiders, Congressmen included, as unconstitutional and vicious, being designed, in the spirit of intolerance, to do the greatest injustice to the citizens of Utah who are affected by them.

It is believed that the law will not stand a fair test in the courts.

Some of the salient points made by honorable

Senators and Representatives, who opposed the bill, were not replied to by its advocates, but they will no doubt be raised again in the courts, when they must be considered and set aside, or the bill must be declared unconstitutional and therefore void.

It was claimed by several Senators that the section of the bill which disfranchises American citizens for the crime of polygamy, before they are convicted of that crime by a competent court, is in its very nature a bill of attainder, inflicting pains and penalties without investigation and trial.

The Constitution, Art. I, Section 9, says: "No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed."It is further claimed that this Constitutional provision is violated, in causing the disfranchising clause of the bill to disable those who ever have been guilty of polygamy.

That is, if a man were a polygamist thirty years ago, before there was any law whatever against polygamy, and though he ceased practising it before any such law was made, yet under this bill he is denied the rights of citizenship. The meaning of an ex post facto law is, law which inflicts punishment for an act which was not a crime at the time it was committed.

There are other features of the bill which are equally flagrant violations of the Constitution.

It is, however, not our intention now to discuss the legal value of this enactment, but to endeavor, so far as our understanding of it will permit, to indicate its probable effect upon the people of Utah and to call the attention of the younger portion to the duties such legislation imposes upon them.

Of course the abolition or prevention of polygamy, which the bill is ostensibly intended to accomplish, is as far from being effected as though the statute had not been passed.

It does not in the least daunt the believers in that institution.

If polygamy as commanded by the revelations of God, is necessary to be practised at all, it is none the less obligatory upon the Church, because human governments impose pains and penalties.

No faithful member would hesitate a moment to obey the dictates of conscience for fear of consequences.

Though he might expect to suffer the punishment prescribed by the law, he would count that a matter of small consideration compared with the importance of keeping God's commandments.

The bill therefore will fail, as indeed every human effort must fail, to prevent the practice of those principles which have been revealed for the regeneration and salvation of man.

Its promoters ^have undertaken to measure arms with the Almighty, to proscribe and punish what

He has commanded and blessed.

We shall see what the outcome will be.

From the history of others, who have at various times in the past presumed to sit in judgment upon the Latter-day Saints, one is measurably safe in predicting the triumph of our cause and the confusion of those who oppose it.

It might be considered an absurd challenge of human probabilities to prophesy that the distinguished Senator from Vermont has reached the zenith of his

EDITORIAL.

political career, particularly as he had the honor the other day to decline the President's nomination to a Supreme Court justiceship, but is it not as probable to prove a true prophesy as that of Joseph Smith, when he told Stephen A.

Douglass, twenty years before the event, that he would aspire to the presidency, but if he raised his arm or voice against our people he would fail to reach the goal of his ambition? The famous "loathsome ulcer"campaign speech of that distinguished politician, to use a vulgarism, effectually "cooked his goose."

The Edmunds bill disfranchises all polygamists, men and women.

Exactly how they will be distinguished from the rest of the voting community remains to be seen;

it will depend upon the methods adopted by the commissioners appointed by the President.

The election law of the Territory is to be regarded, and it is supposed there will be tacked on to the oath which it requires all persons to take before registering, an additional affirmation that the)'are not practical polygamists or bigamists.

Whatever the form may be, no doubt every means will be employed to bar from the polls and from office every one made an offender by this law, and if we are not wrongly informed of the habits of "returning boards,"the disfranchisement will not stop there.

It is to be apprehended that, having the counting of the votes as well as receiving them, the peculiar mathematical formula which Governor Murray was governed by, in making thirteen hundred more than eighteen thousand, will be learned by these gentlemen, and applied, if a possible technicality can be discovered by which to throw out the monogamic Mormon vote, as well as to prevent polygamists from voting.

We hope the President will be so wise in his selection of men that they may be 'of a character above such baseness, that they may be men who will earnestly seek to administer the law as it is written, in impartial justice;

for though the law is most foul in its condemnation of citizens, it to some extent permits a portion of our community to exercise some of the rights of citizenship.

Those who are not among the politically ostracised owe it to themselves and the community, while suffrage is still extended to them, to exercise its duties with all commendable zeal.

None should fail to qualify as voters who are of age.

Every alien should be naturalized at the earliest possible day; and if we are permitted to vote, we should poll the largest vote ever returned from an election in Utah.

There are enough young men and women in the Territory, who have, in the past, thought father and mother could do all the voting that was necessary, to overbalance the falling off from the registry lists, through this bill of attainder.

Surely, they will not hesitate now to do their duty!

We may thus make the wrath'of man praise the institutions of God.

For if the children of polygamists shall come to the front and outvote their disfranchised parents, will it not show to the world how great and glorious an institution polygamy is, to thus produce citizens and voters in a greater proportion than the most capricious dodging of the Constitution will allow a corrupt Congress to cut them down.

We rest secure in the expectation that every public spirited young man and woman in the community will be on hand when the time comes to register and see that their friends do also, and at the August election the people's party will roll up such majorities that the star chamber Commission will have to out-Murray our gubernatorial mathematical phenomena, to count them out.

THE PETITIONS.

The memorials to Congress, which were so numerously signed by the people of Utah were duly forwarded to Washington, reaching the Capitol before the House of Representatives passed the "Edmunds Bill."They were read and referred.

These petitions simply asked the

Congress of the United States to delay legislation on the Mormon question until a commission of its own appointment might investigate the situation here.

They were unheeded, the most indecent haste being shown by the supporters of the bill to pass it, without

is;

ANSWERING QUESTIONS.

amendments, as it came from the Senate.

A gag was put upon the members, and the only debate permitted consisted of five minute speeches, occupying altogether but two hours.

The House is responsible for enacting this unconstitutional measure, which strikes at the very foundation of popular government, while ignoring the protest of over fifty thousand persons, whose interests are assailed by it.

It is a source of gratificatain to those who signed these various petitions, to know that whatever distress may come upon them and the government, through the hasty, ill considered and intolerant action of Congress, it is in the face of an earnest protest.

This fact relieves the victims of the bill from the charge of apathy and shoulders the entire responsibility of its enactment and the consequent evils which it entails, upon those, who, fearing to lose their place and position, yielded principles of honor and sense of justice, to the merciless clamor of bigoted sectarians and office seekers.

The young men's memorial was most promptly signed and returned, the following being the number of signers from the respective Stakes, that were reported in time to be sent with the first express:

Salt Lake, 2537;

Utah, 2155;

Cache, 1772;

Sanpete, 1521;

Weber, 1040;

Davis, 855; Summit, 522;

Box Elder, 499; Tooele, 491; Bear Lake, 471; Juab, 346; Morgan, 303; Parowan, 194. Total 13,035.

A few days after these were sent, an additional number were received and forwarded.

The totals of the respective memorials as they were finally summed up were as follows Relief Society, 19,108; Citizens, 16,256;

Young Men, 15,636;

Young Ladies, 14,152; Grand total, 65,152.

ANSWERING QUESTIONS.

There seems to be a feeling among some of the members of the Mutual Improvement Associations, when they have a question given to them, to answer it in the shortest possible time and in the fewest imaginable words;

as though brevity, under these circumstances, was the most desirable of all attainments.

We do not so regard it.

If we understand the object of these associations aright, it is that of mutual improvement (hence their name), every member doing his and her part according to their several abilities, in teaching, edifying, pleasing and interesting their associates.

And when a question is asked it is always desirable that it be answered with sufficient fulness that those who listen may understand, not only that a thing is so—

but why it is so.

For instance, the very important question might be given a member to answer, "Is baptism essential to salvation?"That question could be answered by the member simply rising, saying emphatically "Yes"or "It is,"and then resuming his seat.

But is the question answered in the spirit, intent and meaning for which it was given, by a simple, unqualified affirmative?

The answer would be perfectly right and truthful so far as it goes;

but it does not go anything like far enough.

How much better it would be to give scriptural reasons from the teachings of the Savior and the servants of God, showing why baptism is essential to salvation.

Thus it could be affirmed that they who refuse to be baptized "reject the counsel of God against themselves,"

Luke vii, 29, 30.

And certainly those who reject God's counsel can never be saved.

Again, Jesus said, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned;"therefore according to the teaching of the Son of God, baptism is essential to salvation.

Still further, Ananias said to Paul, "Arise and be baptized, and wash away thy sins."Is it necessary that our sins be washed away before we enter heaven?

If so, baptism isunquestionbly essential.

So we might continue with many other pertinent quotations, all of which would give instruc-

FASHION FOLLIES.

tion, afford interest, and tend to demonstrate the accuracy of the simple affirmative answer.

This is but one example; other questions should be answered in the same manner.

Facts in history, philosophy, geography etc., could thus be made interesting and each answer be a short lesson in mutual improvement.

It seems to the writer of this, that when a question is asked for the one who receives it to go to Webster's orWorcester's Unabridged, and then come to the meeting of the Association and answer the question in the words of the dictionary, does not cover the ground.

It is to a certain extent carelessness, laziness, or want of interest that suggests such an easy way of fulfilling this duty;

for duty it is, a duty we assume when we become members of the society.

We have no regularly appointed teachers, no organization of classes filled with pupils, whose only duty is to listen and learn.

We are all in outturn teachers, all scholars.

Such is the object of these organizations.

Again, we would suggest that it would add much to the interest of the proceedings if, when the chairman asks the question "Any further remarks?"that those who are acquainted with the matter under consideration would arise and still further elucidate the subject.

In this way the old adage of "Many men, many minds"wouldbe illustrated, and frequently out of apparently unpromising subjects much valuable information would be obtained.

In the above remarks we are not advocating long, prosy sermons on every subject introduced through a question;

but simply the avoidance of the other extreme, which, while it technically fulfils the requirement, yet leaves the general learner but little wiser, and frequently is entirely unsatisfactory to the person who, for the sake of valuable information, penned the inquiry.

Geo. Reynolds.

FASHION FOLLIES.

Consequently, be it an era of pig-tails or high-heeled shoes, of starched ruffs or trunkhose, all must continue to wear pig-tails, highheeled shoes, starched ruffs, or trunk-hose to the crack of doom.

Herbei-t Spencer.

Whatever may be the abiding virtues of high-heels, low-heels, or no heels, the fashion of tight-fitting shoes bids fair to be perpetuated—as saith the scientist to the crack of doom, whatever period of history that may be.

We call the custom a barbarism a la Chinese, but under sanction of civilization, thrust number five feet into number four boots and then wonder why so few people walk gracefully.

According to medieval legend, St.

Crispin was himself a martyr-—notwithstanding the attention of angels who brought him free gifts of leather.

Too humiliating for complaint, the martyrdom inflicted by a tight shoe must be suffered in silence, as the victim finds little comfort in the kind of consolation usually bestowed.

There have been many diversities and absurdities in fashion of shoes since the days when Egyptian priests wore sandals of palm and papyrus.

Red shoes were used by Roman magistrates on ceremonial occasions, while the senators and patricians wore high shoes, like buskins, ornamented with an ivory crescent.

Wooden shoes were en regale in the ninth and tenth centuries, and were even worn by princes, but it is said a certain king offered a prize to any one who could explain how the whole earth could be covered with leather.

He was answered by the cobbler, who demonstrated satisfactorily that "to him who wears shoes the whole earth is covered with leather."

In the reign of William Rufus a famous beau Robert—not Diavolo, though surnamed the "Horned"—introduced shoes with long, pointed toes twisted like a ram's horn.

Though strongly opposed, the style became fashionable, and in the reign of Richard II the points reached the knee, to which they were secured by chains of silver or gold.

The parts were

NOBLE MEN.

cut to imitate the windows of a church, and the whole was made extravagantly conspicuous.

For three centuries the clergy, popes, and public officers sought in vain by declamations, bulls and orders to break up the fashion.

By an act of parliament, in 1463. shoemakers were prohibited from making for the unprivileged classes any shoes with points more than two inches long; and afterwards, excommunication was pronounced against any person wearing such.

The peculiar feature of this bit of history is, that popes and parliament should attempt to supervise the fashion-plates.

Doubtless, had his holiness superintended the blowing of the far-famed slipper of Cinderella, he would have ordered it made of calfskin *ftistead of crystal.

During the reign of Queen Mary such uncouth width of toe was displayed in the fashion of shoes that the Queen issued a proclamation limiting them to six inches breadth.

Curious the shoe ornaments worn by the folly or favor of fashion!

Buckles, jewels, embroidery, crescents, stars and shields;

bows of elaborate fold and form, cpuite disguising the contour of slipper or foot.

Few fashions have met such ardent disapproval of physicians, and sensible people generally, as high-heeled shoes.

"Here are my common-sense shoes,"said a belle, glancing at the heels which were of reasonable shape and form; '"'my street boots have heels twice as high, and twice as uncomfortable, but,"she added, "of course I shall wear them."Notwithstanding discomfort, defective vision, attitude, and other slight objections, pointed heels will continue to be worn so long as fashion dictates, for do we not all, in a measure, sympathize with the little girl who prayed, "O, Lord, grant that we may be stylish."Selected.

Shoot folly as it flies.

Pope.

NOBLE MEN.

Upon the records of the past are engraven the names of men, who have taken important parts in the different dispensations of time, since man was placed upon the earth.

The Bible honors such men as Abel, Noah, Enoch,

Abraham, Jacob, Moses, Aaron and many others, who were holy men of God, and leaders in their day and generation the New Testament—those who espoused the cause of our Redeemer—Peter, James, John, Paul and others, who displayed their integrity and left examples worthy the imitation of all men.

The Book of Mormon also contains the names of men who endured hardships, enmity and persecution for the love of the Gospel of Christ and for complying with the teachings of divine revelation.

In secular history we find mention of men, who have their names engraven, as it were, upon the hearts of mankind for their deeds of charity and faithfulness to principles of liberty and truth.

In our own land every American holds dear to his memory the names of Washington, Jefferson and their colleagues, who framed the Constitution and fought valiantly for liberty and free government.

It is seldom that we appreciate the worth of men in the day and age in which they live.

This seems to have been the case in ages past and it is the same today.

There are living some noble men, who would lay their lives down for principles of truth and who labor with their might for the benefit of their fellows.

How little they are known for their worth, while others who have been dead for years are lauded to the skies How often we hear the expression "We have no such men now."I sigh for such ignorance, when I reflect that in the vales of Utah are many who have been tried, tried to the core, for holding to principles of truth, and have not betrayed the trust.

What can they yet do?

Who can place a value upon their worth?

Under the inspiration of the Lord, when necessity demands, they will put their

APOSTACY.

shoulders to the wheel of state and save a tottering nation if need be.

Necessity in the past has brought noble spirits to the front and so it will again.

It would indeed be a dark world if this were not the case.

The world is wont to judge wrongly.

Many who deserve its laudation are despised and persecuted and die unnoticed by the majority.

Others, perhaps, who merit it not receive the fame.

This is not the case with the judgment of the Lord.

The most humble worker will receive a just reward when His appointed time shall come.

In looking for examples of worth it is not necessary to cull them entirely from those of the dead.

From the living noble ones may be chosen.

It is a peculiar trait in the human family to look upon the faults of living men and to a great extent neglect or lose sight di their virtues, but after life has departed the latter come to the front.

I am happy in the contemplation that the noble among the living are growing in popular favor, and that their labors are being appreciated.

While we honor noble men we should not forget a meed of praise to the noble women of the world, who are and have been cotemporary with them in the progress of truth and liberty.

y. E. Carlisle.

BEECHER'S FARM.

ACCORDING TO MARK TWAIN.

Mr. Beecher's farm consists of thirtysix acres, and is carried on on strict scientific principles.

He never puts in any part of a crop without consulting his book.

He plows, and reaps, and digs and sows according to the best authorities, and the authorities cost more than the other farm implements do.

As soon as the library is complete, the farm will begin to be a profitable investment.

Mr. Beecher raises some of the finest crops of wheat in the country, but the unfavorable difference between the cost of producing it and its market value after it is produced, has interfered considerably with its success as a commercial enterprise.

His special weakness however is hogs.

He considers hogs the best game a farm produces.

He buys the original pig for a dollar and a half, and feeds him forty dollars'worth of corn, and then sells him for about nine dollars.

This is the only crop he makes any money on.

He loses on the corn, but he makes seven dollars and a half on the hog.

He does not mind this, because he never expects to make anything on corn.

And any way it turns out, he has the excitement of raising the hog, whether he gets the worth of him or not.

His strawberries would be a success if the robins would eat turnips, but they won't, and hence the difficulty.

One of Mr. Beecher's most harassing difficulties in his farming operations comes of the close resemblance^)f different sorts of seeds and plants to each other.

Two years ago, his far-sightedness warned him that there was going to be a great scarcity of watermelons, and therefore, he put in a crop of twentyseven acres of that fruit.

But when they came up, they turned out to be pumpkins, and a dead loss was the consequence.

Sometimes a portion of his crop goes into the ground the most promising sweet potatoes, and comes up the infernalist carrots—though I have never heard him express it just in that way.

When he bought his farm, he found one egg in every hen's nest on the place.

He said that here was just the reason so many farmers failed;

they scattered their forces too much; concentration was the idea.

So he gathered those eggs together, and put them all under one experienced old hen.

The hen roosted over that contract night and day for eleven weeks, under the anxious personal supervision of Mr.

Beecher himself, but she could not "phase"those eggs.

Why?

Because they were the infamous porcelain things which are used by ingenious and fraudulent farmers as "nest eggs."But perhaps Mr.

Beecher's most disastrous experience was the time he tried to raise an immense crop of dried apples.

He planted fifteen hundred dollars worth, but never one of them sprouted.

He has never been able to understand to this day what was the matter with those apples.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ASSOCIATION INTELLIGENCE.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

i.

It is generally understood by the

Church that an account of Ishmael's lineage was given in the "Book of Lehi,"which was a part of the manuscript lost by Martin Harris and never re-translated.

It is stated by the best authority that Ishmael was therein represented to be of the tribe of Ephraim.

2.

The account of Adam's baptism and of others of the patriarchs is given in the Pearl of Great Price.

The children of Israel were baptized in the sea.

1 Cor., x, 2.

Josephus states that it was a common ordinance among the Jews, before Christ's time.

There are many passages in the Book of Mormon, which show that baptism, with the other principles of the

Gospel, was taught prior to the advent of the Savior.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

i.

What are the names of the nations represented by the toes of the great image, described in the second chapter of Daniel?

C. W.

The ten toes are variously stated.

The following list is largely accepted by sectarian commentators:

1.

The Senate at Rome.

2.

The Greeks at Ravenna.

3.

The Lombards in Lombardy.

4.

The Huns in Hungary.

5.

The Alemanes in Germany.

6.

The Franks in France.

7.

The Burgundians in Burgundy.

8.

The Goths in Spain.

9.

The Britons.

10.

The Saxons in Britain.

Ray.

2.

Will you explain the following verse:

I considered the horns, and behold there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots;

and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.—Daniel, vii, 8.

[I should not like either to affirm or deny that the following is the correct interpretation.

G.

7?.] Regarding Daniel, vii, S, Dr.

Scott writes "While the Prophet was considering these ten horns, he saw another little horn springing up among them;

ver.

8.

This evidently points out the power of the church and bishop of Rome, which, from small beginnings, thrust itself up among the ten kingdoms, and at length got possession of three of them, having turned out those who held them, namely, the ex-archate of Ravenna, the kingdom of the Lombards, and the state of Rome;

and the dominion of the Roman pontiff over these three kingdoms has ever since been denoted by his triple crown.

In this horn, as the church of Rome became when it obtained temporal authority, were eyes like the eyes of man.

This circumstance denoted the policy, sagacity, subtlety, and watchfulness by which the little horn would spy out occasions of extending and establishing its interests, and advancing its exorbitant pretensions; and the court of Rome has ever been remarkable for this above all the states in the world, as every person in the least acquainted with history must know.

It had also a mouth speaking great things; and we shall have frequent occasion to speak of the arrogant claims, blasphemous titles, and great swelling words of vanity of this horn."

QUESTIONS TO ANSWER.

I.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 27, we read of Elias and Elijah and in the 110th section the same names occur.

Are they names of one person or two separate individuals?

O.

If the Apostles did not receive the

Holy Ghost until the day of Pentecost by what power did they hold the Apostleship, heal the sick, and cast out devils, before that day?

In the seventh chapter of Revelations, why is the tribe of Dan omitted and that of Manasseh inserted?

J. H. D.

Persons asking questions or in any way contributing to this Magazine are requested to sign their full names, not necessarily for publication but for the information of the editor.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

ie 1© FURNITURE mtiwrn double actios m Life-Lasting Hobbles Patent Nose Sacks.

TO CUSTOMERS As foliowe:

S50 Concord Harness.

50 Buggy Harness.

25 Buccara Saddle.

.

G.

J. GUSTAVESON.

66 and 68 Second South St., Salt Lake City.

New and Second Hand, VESIR/S'CHEAP.

Call and see L P + SOREISOH k CQ M 16 MMH ST\ 3 Doors South of Temple Block.

UO 1 123, 125, 127, 125, IttOT mill Salt Lake City, §]!

SPECIALTY IN LADIES', and GENTS nn mmIS, i Cornice ai Curtains, etc., Mattresses ana Feathers, etc.

GENERAL UPHOLSTERY!

Ma's CuiIim ul Bm'W«g» I ViWWlHtt} hli hb Hit, M, NOVELTIES IN Neckwear, Handkerchiefs, Hosie7*y, Embroidery and Laces.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

H.

B. CLAWSON, Dealer in Wool, Hides, Pelts, Furs, etc., Agricultural Implements of all kinds,.Steel Bottom Scrapers, Victor Cane

Mills, James Leffel'B Turbine Wheels, Economy Portable Hay

Press, Machine Extras, Spring Wagons, Farm

Wagons, Hazard Powder, Glidden's Steel Barb Fence Wire, Farm and Church Bells, Kennedy's celebrated Sheep Dip.

Goods not in Stock ordered on Commission when desired.

1212 and 1216 South Temple Street.

ELIAS MORRIS, GRAVE kE MONUMENTAL MAW, PLASTER OF PARIS MANUFACTURERS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS;

P. 0. Box, 1065, SALT LAZE CITY.

DAVID JAMES, PLUMBER, TINNER, GAS AND STEAM

FITTER.

WATER PIPES LAID TO ORDER.

DEALER IN PUMPS, HOSE AND IRON PIPES,

AND SHEET LEAD.

Office and Work Shop, 67 and CO Main Street.

PemMe anil Western Markets.

1st South St., No.

2nd South St, WHITE k SONS, Proprietors Have always on hand the CHOICEST OF MEATS IjST SEASON.

PORK AND BEEF SAUSAGES, BOL OG-lTil, And all kinds of ZDIR-XEID MEATS.

All orders entrusted to our care promptly delivered.

F. AUERBACH 124. and 126 East Temple Street, Announce that they now receive the Largest and best Selected Stock of

Ever shown in this Market, Consisting of

MOSTLY OUR OWN IMPORTATION.

18 COMPLETE IN EVERY LINE.

hosier? m fahct ooods, corsets, buttons, urn, wmm Of Latest Design and Lowest Prices.

boot ~&.3<rjD shoe ide^^^ti^e::^'!?:

Ladies', Misses', Children's Shoes and Slippers, of best Makes, Gents'and Boys'Boots, Gaiters, Alexis Ties, Ladies'Dolmans, Ulsters, Dusters, Suits of Latest Styles, Skirts and Underwear, at Popular Prices.

M8LLIWERY IN ALL 5TS BRANCHES, AT WHOLESALE ONLY.

Advertisements.

I i Violins, Accorieons, Guitars, Flutes, Banjos, Brass nstruments, Drums p""^ And all kinds of T#"\ MnsJcnl Iustrniueuts, BZu«ic, Mnslc Roobs, Strings and

Fitting)?, Mvbmytmmjvg iw\wwm'Mwsicm M*imm9 (jl Best and Cheapest at d CARELESS'GROXALL'S MUSIC HOUSE, 1234 First South Street, Salt Lake City, send foe. catalogues.

H Q L- P. j^ARDY, P.

ji. rfARDY HARDY BROTHERS, successors xo a.

id.

-"sroTJaxro, DEALERS IN mm tins.

2© <5c 28 IL^a-in Street, Opposite

S5. O.

Ik/I. I.

^5 SALT LAKE CITY, 2p~ 5> Wholesale and Ketail Dealer in Dry Goods, Groceries, Boots, Shoes, Hardware, Notions, ££ d General Merchandise BEST HOUSE FOR FAMILY SUPPLIES.

P. 0. BOX. 352.

S. I\ TBASDEL, East Temple Street AIN WAGONS.

A full stock of theseCelebraled Wagons always oil hand; they are the favorite and leading wagons in Utah.

I keep a full stock of the Celebrated Oliver Chilled Plows. Cassaday Sulky and

Moliae Plows, also a full line of Hardware and Wagon Material, the most complete selection to be found in the market.

All kinds of Call on or address:

IIOWAKD SEBKEE, Salt Lake and Ogden, Utah.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

|w!

This Institution carries in its Immense Stock

Complete Lines of The Leading GLASSWARE.

CROCKERY.

Mercantile CARPETS.

BOOTS and SHOES.

The Public are cordially invited to call and inspect our good9.

P H p^ in the West, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. { 'WILLIAM JENNINGS, Superintendent

CAPITAL, 1200,000.

SURPLUS, $125,000.

DIRECTORS:

WM H HOOPER, Presto WILLIAM JENNINGS, H. S..ELDREDGE, Vite-Piest.

L. S.'HILLS, Cashier.

FERAMORZ LITTLE, JOHN SHARP, N. GROESBECK.

Office and Yard.

Corner East of Theatre.

R. WARNOCK DEATHS IN Newton Farm Wagons.

Johnson Wrought Iron Mowers, Rear Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Mowers, Rear

Cut.

Johnson Changeable Speed Moivers, Front

Cut.

Johnson Wrought Iron Reaper and Mower

Combined.

Johnson Continental Reaper, One

Wheel.

Weir Sulky and Hand Plows all sizes.

Steel and Cast Iron Shares for all sizes of

Plows.

Sulky Hay Rakes different kinds.

Diamond Cultivators, Weir Harrotvs, and other Agricultural Implements.

All Implements warranted to be first class.

Send for price lists and circulars.

M. WAENOCK, VOICE * WAKNING, AND ALL THE Publications of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, FOK SALE BY DESERET NEWS COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY.

iisr SOLID WALNOT FRAMES.

OF IFIESXCIE $8.00 A PAIR.

J^T CONTRIBUTOR OFFICE.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

PP W ml j IfPB VII 1882.

I U s s WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS AMD HOTIQHS, GROCERIES, WOODENWARE, and TINWARE,

CROCKERY AND.GLASSWARE, STOVES, GLASS, ETC., ETC.

tock is Larger than ever and cannot be excel led by any house west of the MISSOURI RIVER, ijulit; ui Prises Durantsd'b Give Satisfaction.

ORDERS BY MAIL SOLICITED.

WM. JENNINGS & SONS.

Emporium Buildings, Salt Lake City, Utah.